doctor zhivago script number : a ie e wae pooctor zhivago shoot script from the screenplay by ROBERT bolt September , 1964 . metrc -gold ) inter-office bus orandum ( locaticn - S ain ) from : ro# ie be rt bclt date : 19th February , 1965 to : david leas distribute to all script hclder a scene nunber 664/665 scene hu.ber 1531 '' " 1553 bolshevik wust be see tc junp {ror cart and be instently ride dewn in Shots 664/965 to explain he presence later on the Red Cross waggen . not vould obviously nave go cff with the deserter if not be able ) . include kalelaika among '' supplies '' let yuri see balalaika with lara and katya . salalaike attach the one of the bag curry by yuri . lara hela balalaika ecross she knee throughout , unconscicusiy caress it as she respond tc lciapovsey . ( sut gake sure net to hammer it lat , particularly on " I 'r carry he chile . " bh al of - 1 ( revise 17.5.65 ) lorg £ wrest be look at . project neer its compl Russia '' zg in nson this be , fact , on gan , as we shell see when day - t come at the end of the filw ) . yor the moment , the nuge bulk of the cam itself could have one with the mountain wall which heave up from the floor of the narrow velley , at the foot of one of this alinost perpendicular wall , we can see the black mouth of a tunnel . from the tunnel @ line of people emerge , antlike . another line of ' people exter , so that the two movement be contrapuntal . this be all - we can see during : ing percke on the tep of the qi orddit tity , after the final tity : we move in , see that this be manuel worker , one shift come from work , the other go to it . there be no suggestion of slave - labour , they walk haphezerdé , in one and twos and bunch , as worker everywhere , they exchange odd greeting as they pass . what be unfemiliar to we be the high pre - ponderance of woman omeng this heavy labourer ( as from they gard and gait they evidently be ) , and among this the preponderance of young one . noving with this people we come to a huiment , the work office of tre project . in one dis hut the light be on and in the spill stand unitoroid ian , motor-cite , 2 big car with a pennant . - the pass '' orkizr give they 2 wide berth , glance at they with covert curiosity . a shadow fall from one of the window . ail look wy : a military loo less . mge silhouette in the window , notion - the sorior nurriedly look swey and pass on . 5 a ( revise 17.5.65 ) man with a ertect _ he be the trol . be wor ee hs oi as z wortsas , he shovlcer turn . yevgrap what be they like , this girl ? - , & thickset no - nonsense young man in 4 sheepskin jacket , be mm fling through a metal filing draver of record card . he answer slightly protectively : . enginesh : ghey be very good . bit wild . spend they money quicicly . rk hard . yovgraf be they literate ? enginier some of then . in and cut of reformatory from the day they be pick up . Jobs like this . it 's éegrede - you should not use a human be to move earth . yeyena ? ( like he ) ho. ' eesgimeer clan shut the drawer , turn with card in he hancs . sar much more vehemently , almost cecusaetory : ~~ ingluzer rian by now mumaciously 13 - 18 con 19 20 ayetint sa wry admiration ) a impatient generation . dhciniir ( with teren not you ? wry edniration ) yevgraf take the card , he helf - smile go . there be a hint yevgraf yes we wero , very . ( he lock dovm at she card ; go still . quietly : ) do not be too impatient , comrade engineer . wle have come very far , .very fast . of reproof from a senior in this and enginsor expostulate : engineer '' well I lmow that com - yevgrap yes . but do you lmow what it cost ? close shot . he genily isy down the record card besi enginisr ress young sencratio but not pertic ( 300 ) there de a yellow - beck book on the table . on sourd : be child in that day who live off human flesk . do you kmo seris ati cular : hapsy ter off thi . mutter afi x say : ) shstulor es I have : with that ? 's hin under lis crow , awkward : the a bit ly in nzs . mo ? 3 embarrassed ; impressed erestcd in this old un - turn avay to window , that ... ( he stifven , Zouarov , now . 20 2 ~ 2 ua " 4 ( revise 17.5.68 ) continue instantly yivgn4a ? be by he side . together they losk out at : saeericr daz location sstini=r night a girl , one of the worker , the last , emerge fron the tunnel and approach . at this distance we can only guess at she age ( about twenty ) from she careless , swinging walk , the easy carriage of 2 small pack over one shoulder . she look very tiny , approach on she own . interior hut studio nigh ? engineer be surprised , curious , even faintly amused at yevgraf 's gelvanic reaction and the intensity of he stare into the darimess . sngiizer ( hesitant , delicately ) what 's ... you interest in this girl , comrade General ? exterion dam location sumier night the girl approneh . dialogue over : yevgrat she may be my brother 's child . sigiucsr ( astonish pleasure ) yuri andreyevich ? yevgrap yes . ( as correct a too-larze Claim ) uy half - orother I should say . ( a pause ) if she be ... she 's also lara 's child . engiilir the lara ? the girl epprosch pass out of sight . on the empty view : 23 5 . ( revise 17.5.85 ) yevgrap the lara , yes . ineiricr hut studio SUI night he turn away from window , look older , thougniful . thet 's a new edition of the cycle . : engineer ; I lmow . ( he take possession of the book ) we admire you brother very much , yevgraf ( dry ) ~ yes. :+ everyone sesm to . now . engire=dr we could not admire he when we be not allow to read he ! a dangercus topic . ysvgraf take the book . put it down . look up et she young man and say flatly , gs one epclogise for nothing . yavgraf no . dngineor be glad to have negotiate the bad moment . aegards the book , laugh . 4 engireea well ! you trother 's child and lara 's -! there cusht to the something about she ...? yevgrap ( unsmile ; with bitter weariness ) you nor think so would not you . but i have besn look :. long time ... a kmoc wno no the. aeor , snginesr look to yevgraf both alert , 24 / 26 27 26 29 30 / 34 6 ( revise 17.5.55 ) continue engineer in ! she come in slowly . neen she see yivgrat she freeze and look at ingindcr dartcly : '' or you , comrade , she look at yevgrlf , on SOUND : you be not in any trouble . * close shot . yevgrap look at the girl . '' close shot , she look back at he , frighten . she turn sharply as : " ginzer go with discreet swiftness . and sharply back at yevgrapf woen he stir , she feel beset . . yevgrat for he part confront a : situation for which he training hes not prepare hin . because not be move he feel hesitant . beeause ke ivel kesitant he fell pack on the ' manner he keow test , the authoritative . there seem no possibility of coumunication between then , the silexce prolong itself . who can break it ? yevgrap . I be General yevgraf Zhivago . she look at he , unyield , expertly appraise what degree of trouble she be in . I - they lock for someone , bo you she look as vefsre , . he be more and more trouvle . be ( revise 17.5.65 ) ch fe 30 / con 34 usd yevgra ? ( cont ) the person 1 they look for would be my niece . can be , but suddenly , she give sas at the incongruous idee , . suédistely supprcoese but charming while it - ast , compose she face again she push ack a wisp of hair from she forehead again with work - harden little paw , a graceful gesture end lock at hin with eye which , now that the fear be go from they , be soft and fine . yevgeat say curtly : oh pp p yevgra ? F pleass sit down . they sit , she book between they . you name be - ? her diction be rough , she voice sweet , TI gir tonye xomarov , comrade General . yevgraf noé and shift in he seat ; she voice have disturb hin . coldly : = ound you in Mongolia , do not i '' eg ba ] 1 ty a a tre girl yes comrade General . yevgrap waat be you do there ? st , comrade General . _ 30 / , 34 8 ( revise 17.5.55 ) continue yevgrap _ how do you come to be lose ? CHS girl ... I have forget . . ck this come owt softly efter a slight hesitation , du she look at he quite frenzly ; it be a honest answer , yevgrap take a new tack . . yevgra ? p yes komarovsky you father 's name ? the girl I suppose so , comrade General . yevgrap you suppose so . 223 girl . it 's a common name . yevgraf - bo you remember you father ? the giru wee no , yevgra ? do you remember you mother ? she look down at the book . we suspect tear . but she voice when it cone be studiedly off -hand : I girl yes , I remember my mother . yevgraf that be hor name ? he lean forward involuntarily , but she shrug at though silly question : 30 / 34 9 ( revise 17.5.55 vo 7 yivgraf gently : yevgrat what be she like ? ( and quiclly ) I mean what cid she look like ? the girl oe . pig. agein she voice be dry , almost sneering ; she still have not look up . yevgrap Big ? now she do look up but look awey , present en implacable profile ; the effert of self - control make she look almost mean . - the fact thet she eye be swim with tear doubly pathetic by force of con - trast . she shrug again at he mele stupidity : teed gied . iwas little . she lcoke ... ( she swallow ) oo . big . yevgrap can you read ? the gtel yes ( read ) '' lara . a cycle of poem , by y. A. Zhivago " , yevgraf hot ne. ty half - brother . the person = im lsoke for would be this man 's daughter . this would be she mother . '' lera " , vid anysody cali you mother lera ? 36 / ee ico ( revise 17.5.6 ° close shot dee the girl she 's nice . . : yevgrat 's tig hand male en involuntary movenent towards she small cne on the table , she withdraw : it . then lock et he rather shyly to see if tris have wounded hin . she sniff , wipe she nose on the corner of a coarse scarf , sey gently : the girl I be not you niece , comrade General . now they confront cach cther as twe human being , she pity have conquer he authority , she om fear , quietly he say : , I be nobody 's idea of a wncle , but if this man be my futher , I should want to know , dic you mother ever tell you that you father wes a poet ? the girl ( with sontle insistence ) comrad generel , ay father be not a poet . yevgraf ( quickly ) '' hat be you fater ? & . not give it up , gesture helplessly , then : Gus girl not 2 post . yovgrap do you like you father ? tho girl 36 / 38 il ( revise 17.5,55 ) continue yevgraf '' but you 1 . sd you mother ? ies girl ( whisper ) yes , of course , yeivgraf . . do the name '' strelnikov " mean anything ? ske really think , really try to help . to help she he repeat softly : : '' strelnikov " ... she shake she head . yevgraf ( cont ) : " verykino " , that 's a place , not a person . 's she shake she head . " gromeko " . she think , es lean forward . she say : th5 girl gromeko . ske say it without much interest ; but yevsraf , eagerly : yevgraf yes ? ske shake ber head . yovgraf sit back but watch she intently . re will foliow up what may be en unconscious thread through the labyrinth . speak very carefully , he embark : | 36 / 38 continue cur 12 ( revise 17 . yevghaf ( cont ) you sec , he lose kis mother ... ( 2 hes catch she interest ) at about the same age you wer , when you mother lose you ... and in she same part cf the world . t scene number 40 to 66 rematn out of script . continue scexe 67 on psag= 13 . : 13 63 / continue 66 67 69 70 71 ' the girl gromeko . she say it without much interest ; but yevgraf , eagerly : yevgraf yes ? she shake she head , yevgraf sit back but watch she intently . he will follow up what may be a unconscious thread through the labyrinth . speak very carefully , he embark , you see , the man I think may be you father , lest he mother ... ( he have catch she interest ) at about the same age you be , when you mother lose you ... and in the same part of the world , : cur exterior graveyard location day early winter high -angle long shot . under a snow - heavy sky move by a strong wind be spread a flat landscape , fulland immense . in the distance something wind towards we like a eel , across a vast pale field of stubble . the camera zoom slowly in . we begin to recognise a procession , people in blacx , and hear above the wind a requiem chant lead by a choir . the zoom continue : medium shot siill zooming inwards we see that the procession consist of some forty person , mostly peasantry of semi-asiatic - type , but a few middle - CLASS lady and gentleman , they be follow a coffin carry shoulder high , immediately behind the coffin walk 2 boy , dress in black . this , in close shot be the thin -face , dark - eye yuri , he feature a refine version of the prasant ' , he be look up at : close shot tracking . the coffin . I be open , show the corpse of a woman surround by flower . the waxen face have the same exotic beauty as the boy' . . close up tracking . yuri . his eye leave the coffin and look gravely ahead . . long shot . angle past the shoulder of a sinuous semi-oriental dome , we see the burial ground , its headstone , its high wall top with a run curve of ornament , its old carve gate hang open , the procession approach . : 72 14 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 14 medium shot . ( on SOUND the sing approach ) the head - stone share the unfamiliar styling of the building some be of sheet iron and wag and rattle gently in the wind . most be overgrown . close shot . a headstone of heavy wood on it a photograph of the decease , a middle - age man of quasi-asiatic type , with long moustach the sing louder . close shot a sheet - iron headstone wag in the wind . on it .a photograph of a child . past this come the priest lead the coffin- bearer and , yuri . the camepa follow he in close up . he be look about with a sort of wonder alertness at : close tracking shot . the headstone monstrous . on one the photograph of a woman in she bridal gown . close tracking shot . yuri . he look upwards again close tracking shot . the coffin loom above he . close tracking shot . yuri . look downward from the coffin . check suddenly . the head of the procession have come to a halt . look upwards as : close shot . the priest tower over he stretch out a hand . close shot . yuri be gently propel into a new position by the Priest 's hand something above he catch he eye . close shot . the coffin be be lower from its high perch against the sky . the camera follow it downward until the dead woman' face come to rest beside a open grave . — close up . yuri . we expect some reaction . but instead , the sing cease and he look round he with timid curiosity . high -angle long shot . look down on the group around the grave we see the mourner and local shuffle round into a circle of respectful radius , isolate yuri on one side of the grave , the priest on the other . the mourner be well dress , some dress elegantly and carry wreath . behind they be the local , roughly clad , curious . Movement cease except for the wind . Ali stare at yuri . close shot . anna and alexander gfromeko , with child tonya between they . anna a well - dress middle - age lady with a too sensitive face . alexander , a dignify and gentle academic . they regard yuri with deep sympathy . 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 95 96 97 15 ! medium shot . from they Pov we see yuri and the priest who now commence : priest the earth be the Lord 's and the fullness thereof , the - @arth and everything that dwell therein.. etc . close up , tonya , one hand in she mother 's , peer shyly at : close up . yuri . he look up with respectful curiosity . close shot the priest . from yuri 's low eye-line he look gigantic . he be read from a small black book with professional solernnity . his professional boredom be reveal in the way he sway he weight from heel to toe , and adjust he vestment as the wind pull atthem , he glance down he nose at : close shot . yuri . he lower he eye , see something and cock he head slightly . close shot . his ' mother . . a yellow leaf have blow onto she face . close shot . yuri . he.looks away at : medium shot . a silver birch be shed its last yellow leave into the grey wind . close shot . yurl the camera track slowly towards he ... medium shot . the tree , from yuri be Pov , come gradually closer as the camera zoom slowly in . on SOUND the priest 's official lamentation begin to dwindle , overlain by a " magical " sing , @ dirge for the tree as it part with its leave . close up . yuri . the camera continue its track into big close up . the Priest 's voice be by now entirely take over by the dirge . for a few moment yuri be lose inthe music . then , with great . suddenness , a harsh grate cut off the dirge and yuri look quickly - he first and only moment of horror - at : close shot the coffin lid be drag into place by two sexton , obscure he mother 's face . close up . yuri watch , rivetted . the SOUND of the lid slip into place , a warning grunt follow by loud bang . 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 16 close shot . the two sexton both hammer furiously at nail already line - up in prepare hole . close up yuri ... on SOUND the shocking din stop as abruptly - as it begin silence for a moment , and then a rise murmur of voice . he look round at : medium shot , the lccal press forward , anxious not to miss the next moment . the mourner express shocked resentment , but they too be fascinate . close shot yuri . he look down . close shot the coffin be disappear into the grave . close shot . yuri step forward to the very edge . he be frown with the effort to take in what be be do , but it could be take for morbid curiosity and : close shot . anna . a little shocked , or daunt . medium shot . ropes be whipped up from the grave by four hefty peasant who have accomplish the job . the sexton hasten to shovel earth into it , one of they gently move yuri back witha — big hand , the better to perform he work . '' close shot . the coffin lie in the grave , earth and pebble thunder and rattling on the wood , - close up . yuri . on SOUND the terrible drum continue . the camera move int very big close up . his face be clench with efforc , intellectual effort of enquiry , not emotional effort of control . he be try to come to term with death . close up . in grey light , faintly luminous , the perfect face of yuri be mother , eye close , tranquil , be turn up to the shower of thunder earth upon the coffin lid above she , as to a shower of gentle tain . close shot . the grave . through a foreground of fly spade we see that the coffin be almost cover . big close up . yuri have make he term . he look thoughtful but not shocked , awed but upright , and be unaware of anything but what he have just perceive . on SOUND the earth begin to fall softly on earth , the camera move back and we hear the wail of peasant woman .. yuri hear jit , understand it have nothing for he , turn he head a bit to see : 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 1 17 close shot . the birch tree sway in the wind . on SOUND the confuse noise of wail , the sob of a lady , the occasional cough of a gentleman again succumb to the " magic ' ' dirge . the camera crane upward through the branch and fly leave against processional cloud as yuri cannot possibly see they except in imagin - ation , and then ; SOUND modulate , we follow a shower of leave out of the move cage of twig to fly in freedora for a moment in grey Space and : . close up . yuri music cut . he be recall to himself , look round startle . , : medium shot . yuri in foreground . anna be beckone he from the head of the grave evident : '' she have say something to recall he from what must have be a prolong trance , for only she , priest , alexander and tonya be mow present , and they be iook - ing at he curiously , the grave be pile with wreath . the mourner be make they way with discreet relief along the path to the monastery which abutt onto the graveyard . light be appear in the window there , yuri understand that they be wait for he to place he small nosegay . he walk forwardtodoso . he stop . close shot . his small footstep in the earth . close up , yuri . he look up at the adult to see how bad this be . close shot . alexander and anna . anna look upset but alexander give he a faint enccurage smile . close shot . yuri place he nosegay among the wreath anna enter picture , take he hand , smile at he , perhaps a little hesitantly , and lead he off into long shot where they join alex - ander and tonya . a little flurry of snow drift across the picture . alexander look up at the sky . they follow the priest down the path to the monastery . cur interior monastery cell studio night big close up . tonya , stand at the end of a bed , be stare with great solemnity at : - close up . yuri sit up in bed . a hand be hold over he head and the boy be look seriously upwards at the owner : 121 122 / 125 18 close up . the priest , from yuri be Pov , he eye shut and lip move in silent prayer . — medium shot . they be ina little lamp - light white - wash cell . - the few article of furniture be of plain white wood . there be a . crucifix on the wall , a small dome trunk stand on the floor beneath the window . his prayer conclude , the priest make the sign of the Cross over the child , open he eye , and smile down with professional benevolence . yuri continue to examine he . the priest look rather uncertainly at_ . anna who look uncertainly back at he . the priest clear he throat . priest a you and you husband will dine with we Madame gromeko , anna thank you , Father . the priest go , watch carefully by yuri . the watchfulness of he keen little face have not alter , and anna be a little nervous of he . . : will you lie down then , yuri ? he look at she and obediently lie back , still look at she . nervously tucking he in she say : you mummy and I be great , great friend you know . this very decent lady be excuse herself for take to herself the mother 's part ; but this dreadfully self - contain child continue simply to look at she . so now ... we ... be go to look after you , yuri thank you . with startling suddenness the child half rise , look fiercely off and say very coldly : that 's mother 's . alexander stand in the doorway , hold a fine balalaika , he be stop short by the child 's intensity but come and place the instrument on the bed ( the child sit up to receive it ) say quietly : alexander it 's yours , now . 19 122 / continue 125 yuri do not touch it but look down at it . his tone be deadpan . '' yuri mine ? anna yes. mummy ... leave it to you . yuri in she will . his face be still turn down from they , he tone express nothing of whatever he be feel , the phrase be dbviously from some adult conversation he have overhear ; he be probing for information . and évidently there be some awkwardness in this region . the gromekos exchange a wary glance . alexander say gently and seriously , inexpertly avuncular : . alexander do you know what a Willis , old chap ? yuri money . he look straight up at they as he make this unconscious indictment of adult value . anna be a bit throw . anna well no , yuri , just this . you daddy ... have all the money . look down again he face hide , he run he finger clumsily over the string . brightly : can you play it ? he shake he head . alexander ( robust ) I think all the people in this part of the world could play the balalaika . yuri ( look at he , palely : ) you do not live here do you ? anna ( gently ) - no yuri ; we live in Moscow ; that 's a long way from here . ( Bright again : ) but you will like Moscow . ( to she husband ) wa not he ? . 20 122 / continue 125 126 alexander ( quietly , look at the boy ) after a bit . take time to get use to thing , do not it old man ? yuri look at he . then down at the instrument . but evidently he have register the gentle respect of alexander 's tone , for he vouchsafe : yuri mother could play it . he take he hand from it , signalize that he have finish with it . alexander take it , anna rise , say seriously : anna oh. well , you mother be a artist , yuri : you mother have a gift . we understand from she intonation that " Art " and " gift " be take seriously in the gromeko household . alexander place the balalaika on the table for the child to see ( b : the child look steadily at they , not it ) say cheerfully : . alexander perhaps yuri 's get a gift . ( to yuri ) would you like lesson ? yuri T can not play it , the gromekos look at he from the doorway , quite daunt . anna ( " brightly " ) : well . say goodnight to yuri , tonya , tonya go to he . close shot , yuri and tonya . gravely they kiss cheek ; she with shy tenderness , he with cold courtesy . on SOUND , anna , gently : ( SOUND ) he 's you brother now .. , tonya leave he . he settles back . on SOUND . 126 127 128 128 130 131 132 21 continue anna ( SOUND , rather hopelessly : ) goodnight , yuri . . alexander ( SOUND , sympathetically robust ) goodnight , old chap . . . yuri ( inexpressively ) goodnight . on SOUND . the door close . yuri turn he head to look at : close shot . the balalaika , a magnificent thing of polished wood and mother of pearl , on SOUND we hear it " play " softly . close up . yuri as before . on SOUND the balalaika stronger . close up . the balalaika , on SOUND the music full , a virtuoso at the string . close shot . yuri frown , get from bed , cut off the music , he imeel , eye firmly close , hand correctly together and : yuri ' dear God and my Holy Guardian angel , keep I in the path of truth ... and please tell mother not to worry . please tell she that I like the gromeko very much ... please do not let she worry . for we saviour 's sake . amen he nip back into bed and burrow shiver beneath the covering a terrible howling and clatter well up on SOUND as : dissolve / exterior graveyard location winter day for night medium shot surrounded by clanking and vibrate metal headstone the mother 's grave be be sweep by a blizzard . the quivering wreath be be tear from the grave . yuri 's little nosegay have go , . interior monastery cell studio night close shot . the camera be shoot through the partially snow - up window into yuri 's cell . the wind be bang a branch of old creeper against the glass as if to attract the boy 's attention . yuri turn over in bed . 133 134 135 136 close shot , the window we see yuri come towards we . he climm up on the trunk beneath eee window end press nis face against the cold glas open - eye but horrify . . interior hut studio Day close up . the girl , lose in think , sesm to se stare back at he with sympathetic understanding , the moan of the blizzard fade to silence . wediue shot , yevgrap , stand now , sose she expression smile a little , say es though to com - fort she : , yevgraf I do not kmow that he miss he mother . I do not think child that age do . sut she reply very seriously , and rasher as the : 15 " ain defenee of yuri : the girl I do . & % which yevgrat be serious in turn . sey alnost serent . you - be 2 he revolution . you have - Ho hed , the gromeke . ( dry ) good liberal sourgeois . terly but now ardonic senile : 136 137 135 139 23 ( revise 17.5.65 ° continue yevgraf ( cont good people , who gurn away from anything unpleas2 not . you know ? tes girl I know . she nay it calmly , almost in reproot of kis sexr.sm . Zvidensly she tolerance extend further then he ; perhaps she hes sone sympathy with people who turn avay frou thing unpicsasant . then , struc : by a thougit : . vihat ebout he father ? close shot . ' yevgrat . there be a short silence pefore he answer . yevgra ? my father too . by a different mother . my mother be & peasant . you can see that ... he be a pro - duct of hia class and time , @ selfish , cissipst , miserable man . he commit suicide oy sunping from a train ... I de not know where or when . < 4 ex®srior gromero couttry house location suzier . DS 's t medium shot . low angle . a grass bank with sky pehind it . ' soncone eliab into view end stand on it , look over she open country et something it be the boy yuai now eighteen month older . exterior rallvar location suiicor day pitriid long shot . veet not see . a gently vncuete summer sscape . in the distance &@ meat stand stationary in the middle of nownere , a needle of white sven ascend from the locomotive . ' the sable be clegont al fresco . 234 ( revise 17.5 . €5 duterior gromlec country house locatich medi shot . yori in foreground . we now séo the’ the bank on which he stend form the boundery of a well - keep lew om which anna stand serve tea . pranden and tya sit there . 4a clunsy look nujiek weit . we glimpse they modsst and charming house . , '' yurt , the tran - siberian have stop . anna ( follow he gaze ) se it have . she be not really interested , but we see that she hes fellen under yuri 's sway ; whatever he say will interest she . pour milk into alexaitder 's cofice : continuld on page 24 '' / 146 14 ) 142 143 144 145 24 ( revise 19.2,65 ) continue arna ( cont ) . fiow very odd , alexey ; the tran -siberian have slosped , close shot . a4 BA sit noxt to alexander , who read @ newspaper , decline tc be interested , alexander that be not odd , that 's typical , they have prebably let tie fire out . toya , arinh eilk , a milk - moustache on she upper lip , giggle . '' ner father smile at she , hy enly audience . this two be very Close . anna smile a matchmake smile at she daughter , say : anna yuri , come and drink you rilk , close sxot . yuri , rather reluctantly , reve , exterior railway location — summer Day hediun long shct . in level summer field where cow etaze , stand the train . the loconstive send up its pillar of steun with a steady siszh like sleer . al} alen the train , on the embankment , and look fron tear window , the passengers look all in one direction , to the rear , hostly they be peer folk but there isa good 's tinkling ; from the poor . exnression vary fror wince disgust to sawp curiosity , they be lock towards : a little £lat waggon behind the train , a curious vehicle with lever on it , it be surrounded at a respectful distance by curious passengers , behind it stand two rallyaymex , sefore it stands 2 rustic official . 4e flip shut 2 hotebock in which he be write , nod to railwaymen they stoop for something which have leen hide ty the wageon , seize it , lift it and : : close si.ot : «uep a dead man 's body on the waggon , face down , its clothes be good but now tern and dirtied , he onlooker flinch and murmur but fall silent and still as : . 25 ( revisec 19.2.65 } continue someone only visible from the waist dewn come on frame and wount the waegen , Fine shinv shoe , neat . 0 . ? 146 / 150 151 152 154 / . 137 black trousers , ondooker look ty with reluctant respect at : xo : arovsuy stand on the wasson . a scowling rower - ful face , auick intellivent eve , nis waistecat be - veais a fine linen shirt ; he mer he neck savagely with a white hanukerchief . a meat-eater , a cluonan , he have fall unconsciously into the attitude of a conqucror over the cernse which he utterly ignore . fie also ignore the incipient disarrobation of the onlooker . ise click he finger sharply ; assist by one of the railmaynip @ massive red bulldog join he on the wagron . , : a hoot from the iscomotive . guard blow whistle . passengers hurry off , watch contemptuously by komarovsky , exterior groneko country house location su : rier day y yuri as before , now with 2 wilk moustache like towya 's and hold a half envty glass , look off at : exterior railway location summer day extreme long shot . ii Pov . the train move , we see @ jet of steam from its whistle . extlkior gromekg country house locatign sumner day close shot . yuri . the sound cf the whistle reach hit across the distance , exterior railnay location suamer day close trackii.g slot . on the trolley . kcearovsky be name vas - Zhivago ! 154 / 157 1s& 159 26 ( revise 19,2.65 ) continue trevelline with train recede , tythmically as t little seuc ! cover wi cfficial cn another , with difficulty , '' en the wascon , we see the railnayen tise and fall ey werk the pumr , which have a ' in it . have heen roughly sit on 2 case , neops he tenper gfficial Zhi-vaso ... dear , dear , ang he hurried off to ueet he faker at - tie lug cut a clunisy gunmetal watch , roparcvsky he may have hurried off'to meet ais taker or he uay lave falien out - I tell you he be drunk ! 's official ( uneasy ) I see ... 1 sce .. , ( but - he do not write } kghargvsyy then put it down ! official you aonour understand , I have to ... ( ue wave he book helsiessly } the gentleman be travel first class . korakovsxy rull hinself together . from be exasperate he menner become curtly sutnoritative , komarovery 2 know 21l ahour yeur cuty , my man . I ex a lawyer , #y nane ( produce a card ) be sonarovsky . : close shot the card , print ia Russian , interior rut '' studic . pay cluse s20t . the srl . she look sstertle , even hostile , : the girl rhonarovshy ...7 16c 161 162 / 16 27 ( revise 19.2.65 ) clgsc up . yevsraf , lock at she yevgraf ( 4 pause ; flatly ) a man , call xorarovsky . atlway location day cluse shot the card , identical , on sgund . kolarcvsky . ( SOUND ) you may iknow of not . medium shot tracking . the waggon move aown the line . official ( obsequious tow ) oh yes , you excellency , ios ( srite and nodd ) yeur excellency be travel with hia . kgmaruvgily ( hiping he neck again ) iwas travel with hin . official in what capacity , you excellency ? rkomarovsky look troughtful , cautious , then : kovarovsky business associate , official glance at hin . _ official and he be definitely drunk . ) komarovery iie would beon drunk for a year . get - out you brute ! be ain a kick at the cog which be sniffle at the cormse so thet one of its arn have slip from beneath the coat and be new sangline stiffly frox the side of the wacgon , . official . dear , dear . wow , the gentleman 's next - of - kin . komarovsky . wife : dead . Chilaren : ... any number . - one legitimate . God knov where he be 28 and 29 ( revise 19.2,65 ) 162 / continue tes the waggen drew away fret we , the dead man 's arm wag gently . cui extertor gromekg country house , location day 165 fedius shot . yuai as before , flass now empty , watch , trance : 166 extreme long shot . ' ii pcv . the wagsen crawl beetle - like along the track cf the embankment . 167 / yuri turn idly away , to find the groneko family 169 regard he with affectionete amusezent . he blink and smile . they laugh . dissolve . ylygraf on SOUND over : yevgraf ( SOUND ) the gromeko do not know what to make of he . hospital lecture rgomn =©studig winter -snow ° day 's i70 miecrcsccpe shot . the screen be fill with a luminous pattern which shift and pulse like the ' play ef light in some magical jungle . yevgraf ( souwd ) : he wade he reputaticn as a poet while he be study to rake himself a uoctor . he say peetry be 2 vocatien - what he want be a jot . 172 close up . yuri , now in he early twenty , be bent over a micrescope . he lift he head from the micrescope . he look abstract anc pleese . on SOUND : redical professor ( dryly ) pretty ? yuri very . continu : scere 172 , page su , as ts. 171 172 30 continue yevgraf ( SOUND ) : by the time he be twenty he . make himself a reputation as . a poet . but he say that poetry be no more 2 vocation than good eye-sight . yuri lift he head from the microscope . he look abstract and pleased . on SOUND : medical professor ( dryly ) pretty ? . yuri very . medium shot . we now see that yuri be in the lecture room of a hospital with large window over - look 2 view of Moscow in its cover of winter snow . the class be break up , the student leave noisily . yuri have he coat on . the medical professor have take off he white coat , put he eye to the instrument . look fora moment . then growl as at a respected enemy . medical professor ugh ... it 's no right to be pretty . yuri laugh , at ease , a favourite . medical professor straighten . what will you do , next year , Zhivago ? _. yuri . I think of do General practice . medical professor well think of do pure Research . it 's exciting . important . " can be - ( a quick sardonic grin ) - beautiful . yuri General practice . medical professor put he hat on rather rakishly , handsome old cynic . : medical professor . life ... he want to see life ... well you will find that pretty creature - he deiily remove the microscope slide with its tiny drop of bacilli . 172 173 174 175 176 1v7 178 179 180 181 , continue medical professor ( cont ) - do ugly thing ; to people . extreme close shot . he drop it into a jar of alcohol . the drop of coloured matter smoke and evaporate . exterior gromeko STREET winter -snow day medium shot . a tram , hiss and grind , lurch into motion . it pass away from we along the busy street . close tracking shot . yuei , with he cap on now , walk along the pavement . he look ahead and see : medium shot teacking , yuefi be Pov , the tram move away _ slowly but accelerate . close tracking shot . yuri quicken he pace , not yet decide , but draw by the tram . —~ , medium shot tracking . yuri 's Pov . the tram accelerate . close shot . yuri break into a run . the camera pan with he into long shot as he snatch off he cap and sprint after the tram . : close shot the camera be on the tram , the conductor in foreground , yuri gain on the tram in the background . he jump aboard , breathless . conductor ' you should not do it , sir ; ' you should not do it . yuri grin at he a bit sheepishly , pass in . there be lot of other tram . close shot . laefa , seventeen year old and in school - girl 's uniform , but recognisab 'y the lara of the photograph . beside she be the only vacant place , she satchel on it . she be look out of the window as yuri approach up the tram behind she , puffed from he run . as he be about to reach she the man in the gangway seat immediately behind she rise , push past yufi and go . yufi sink gratefully into he seat , glance vacantly at the back of she head , settles down look straight ahead . lara turn slowly from the window , look ahead too . 182 183 184 | 185 186 187 188 189 - 190 -191 192 193 194 195 32 close shot . the tram 's pick - up slide hiss along the wire . a crackle and spark as it pass a joint . close shot . yuri and lara , sway gently to the motion of the. tram , both look ahead . close tracking shot , as if from low in front of the tram we see the rail glide towards we . close shot , yuei and lafa . yuri turn he head and look out of the window . lafa idly turn she head to look out again so they be both in profile , both see : . medium shot . yuri and lara' Pov . the anonymous crowd go about they business . close shot , yuri and lara . he turn and look out of the window on the far side , so they be now both look away from each other . lafa turn to collect she thing . close tracfing shot . ( from the front of the tram ) point approach . medium close shot . lara rise and sling she satchel . now surely he must notice she . but exactly as she pass , the woman . in the window seat next to yuri , attract he attention . she want to get out . yuri rise for she . she get up and go , obscure lara . the tram lurch over the point . close shot . the pick - up negotiate the jointed cable send down a little shower of spark . : close shot . yufi sit down in the window seat as the tram begin to slow . : lose shot . lara alight while the tram be still move . close shot . conductor shaking he head with disapproval , give two ring on he bell . . medium shot as the tram re-gather speed , bear yuri away , lara cross the street diagonally towards a side turn . close tracking shot , laf.a . we follow she for a few pace . she make a sharp turn and the camera pan with she into long shot as she go away from usdown the side turn lead to a poorer district . . 196 197 198 199 200 / 202 33 close shot . yuri jump off the still - move tram . interior -exterior gromeko librafy and STREET day winter-snow medium shot , Inside the gromeko town - house library ( book from floor to ceiling ) anna look out of the window down the street . the ' tram go off round a corner as yufi walk quickly towards the house . anna watch he for a moment , then pick up from the desk before she : close shot . a letter with a french stamp . medium shot . outside , the camera pan with yufi as he cross the pavement , mount the step , open the door . medium shot . yufi be meet by anna in the hall , he take off he cap . . yuri hello , aunty . and mount the stair . she say : anna there 's a letter for you . he turn on the stair . yuri oh ? anna from Paris . yuri oh. _ he descend smile , take the letter . Rather shyly : Lovely write . anna . Lovely , she 's come home next month . yuri tonya - ? anna nod , with a sly smile . he open the letter . 200 / 202 203 204 / 206 34 continue yuri ( cont ) oh that 's good ... exterior gromeko STREET ( poor quarter ) day winter - snow medium shot . lara walk towards we through a poor district . the camera pan with she as she turn a corner into a near-slum . she be familiar with it and its people , the old and uncare - for , the grim-look young , the dirty cheerful child . a factory siren be blow at the end of the street towards which she be walk and factofy hand be beginning to pour into the street . they be dirty and exhaust , poorly clad , heavy foote , they do not talk . close shot . pasha antipov be distribute leaflet among they . he be a tall young man of twenty - two with a bony face , thin lip , fine eye , pale , wear spectacle , clad in a long threadbare coat and shabby student 's.cap . the factory hand respect he . that who refuse he leaflet do so with a hurried shake of the head or be shame - face , that who accept they do so proudly or with a quick hopeful glance at he from tired , resentful eye . suddenly a hefty plain -clothes man and uniformed policeman be on either side of he . he do not flinch , be expect it . plain-clothes man what 's you name ? pasha pasha antipov . plain -clothes man . address ? . pasha 15 tigerzin . policeman take this down ; pasha watch . plain-clothes man T will have this . he have whipped away the leaflet from pasha 's hand . pasha ( angry ) we have permission from the Chief of Police . 35 204 / continue 206 plain -clothes man . ] yes ? well , you claim they at the Station . ! pasha when ? man ( softly ) now . if you like . policeman be a brutal look creature , plain - clothes man a degree more sinister since more intelligent . pasha 's eye blaze coldly . he say primly : . . pasha very well . he be ready to go , but on SOUND : lara ( SOUND ; sharp , alarmed ) pasha ! : allturee turn , plain -clothes man look at lapa , a helpless . put ' nighly respectable figure . he rub he chin , look speculatively back at pasha , try to connect they . ( quickly ) he 's my brother . plain-clothes man . well take he home then , miss . before he get into trouble . pasha and lara go . plain -clothes man watch : 207 medium shot . pasha and lara 's back , retreate into the sea of oncoming face . of | 208 close shot . plain -clothes man and policeman get hostile glance from factory hand as they pass . plain -clothes man measure they with a cold eye , turn slowly , thrust the bundle | of leaflet into he coat pocket . 209 close trackingshot follow on the pack of lara and pasha . pasha draw a identical bundle of leaflet from he coat pocket . soberly , as they walk , he hand one to one of the oncoming factory hand . this river of face flow past we during : lara ( frightened ) pasha , please ! 209 210 211 36 continue pasha ( hesitates , then : ) it 's get to be do . he hand another . lap . a be a bit inawe of he . protest , but timidly : lara oe pasha , why have it get to be do ? pasha for they . for the Revolution . close tpacking shot reverse on lara and pasha , the river of approach face now a river of recede weary back . factory hand get a leaflet , hear the phrase , look back alarmed . lara . pasha , they do not want the revolution . pasha yes they do . they do not know it yet , but that 's what they want . . a serious - look factory hand run up , much older than pasha but address he as a equal : . factory hand give I some of that , comrade . without a word pasha give he half the leaflet . he fall back and we see he busy distribute as the camera pan with lafa and pasha who turn into 2 quieter street , still of the same character but without the factory hand . close tracking shot . pasha and lara . she look quickly to see they be not overhear , and very quietly : lara pasha , be you a - bolshevik ? pasha . no. the bolsheviks do not like I . and I do not like they . they do not know right from wrong . he look severe . lapa glance at he , giggle , eye alight : 211 212 213 214 37 continue ' lara pasha antipov , you be a awful prig . his face go stiff with misery . crestfallen she slip she arm through he . atonce he look abysmally happy . awkwardly flirtatious : pasha why do you tell he I be you brother ? lara what else could I tell he ? pasha you could have tell he I be you ~ ( the " sprightly " tone desert he altogether ) - fiance . , _ she withdraw she arm , delicately . say pleadingly : lara do not be silly , pasha ... I be - ( break off hearing dog bark on SOUND ) . medium shot they Pov . a sleigh stand outside the doorway of a flat - face building . on the passenger seat sit a young black bulldog . medium shot carriage in foreground . pasha and lara walk towards the carriage . as they reach the doorway lara pronounce : lara monsieur komarovsky have come to see my mother on business . close shot , pasha and lara by the door . pasha nod , look unhappily at he foot . lara look round mutter : lara people ... gossip ... round here . pasha ( earnestly ) 's it 's the system lara . people will be different after the . Revolution . she give he a shy smile of gratitude , and purely out of gratitude , take a leaflet . he light up : : will you come ? 214 215 216 217 38 continue lara ( gently ) no , pasha . - ( and as he look crestfallen ) I have get exam to take pasha ! I have get to get a scholarship ....! she go into the dark doorway . he turn away sadly , but adjust he spectacle , square he narrow shoulder , set off on he appoint task in the direction from which they come . intefior lara' hallway location day winter medium shot lara mount a flight of bare board stair lead up out of a hallway of small commercial office . she turn into : interior dfessmaking establishment studio day winter medium shot a corridor . lara enter picture and walk towards a distinctive door at the end with a panel . of pattern glass with lettering on it . medium close shot . on the other side of the door be amelia 's little fitting room . Old - fashioned fashion plate , demode dummy , chip gilt furniture . amelia , fortyish , frill , still pretty , be demurely listen to a sharp - eye gentlewoman : gentlewoman ( " " roguish '' : ) and such a handsome figure of 2 m - she break off as lara enter behindthem . amelia affect to fuss with she customer 's street dress . lara good evening maman . ( a little curtsey to gentlewoman ) Madame ... gentlewoman ( gracious ) larissa . amelia you can work in there dear , monsieur komarovsky 's here . lara yes maman . the camera pan off amelia and the gentlewoman and teack behind lara as she pass through into the workroom , a bigger place , with sewing machine , bolt of cloth , tailor 's shape , ' cover with 217 218 219 39 continue sheet at the end of the day . here be three or four seamstress get into they street clothes , head together , gossipe viciously . they come apart as lara enter and watch she covertly as she walk through , head high , into : medium shot . amelia 's little live room . pathetic imitation of parisian chic . but a cosy little love - nest for komafovsey , very much at ease ona satin sofa , older now , but still handsome , radiating animal energy . he hardly deign to notice lara , turn the page of he newspaper . komafovsky good evening , larissa . lara ( quietly , respectfully ) good evening , monsieur . she hang she hat and coat , take she satchel out into the workroom . close shot . the glass - panell door of the fitting - room . the seamstress hurry off into the passage . amelia hold the door open for gentlewoman who be unwilling to go . gentlewoman - he advise some very important people . amelia yes I know . gentlewoman I believe he have government connection . amelia TI do not know , I be sure . gentlewoman - be not he very expensive ? amelia answer she gimlet - eye impertinence with a rather touch dignity . . amelia monsieur komarosky advise I , from kindness , baroness . he be a friend of my late husband 's . gentlewoman ohi see ... 220 40 ( revise 19,2.65 ) continue she foe , conveve that she do not believe 2 word of it . amelia lock the doer aiter she , and take the key . > adjust she hair . dissclve studio nicht ekct . lara work at she sclool - bock in the worksher . nisht have fall , on SOUND distant shunting noise ftor a marsaalline yard ana tie seft hiss of a gas lane vurning cn the wali , behind she the doer to the live quarter be shut . it open . kusarcysky - come out , carry hat and coat , say scftly : eomarovsey Tuesday if 1 can , ry dear . goodnifht . lara have rise automatically to get the frent dcor key where they hang on a hook . kobaroveshy be glance with idle patronage at she scheelwork , tut suddenly he face chanse : now where do you get this ? lara : a friend cave it the I , } onsicur komarovsky . — he grunt , indicate with a2 wave of he nat that she be the lead off , the camera pan eas lara leac the way , then track behind they es they walk throu_a the work= shep towards the fitting roor . kof . arovsry you be net to zc the this ' peaceful demenstration 's lara . lara vo , memsicur . koharovs&ky lot may not be as peaceful as they think . 222 223 224 225 2254 225b 41 continue she turn she head to he , alarmed but , wave she on : ~ komarovsey ( cont ) : : that 's all ihave to say . tell you friend she 's 2 silly creature . lafa yes , monsieur . they enter the fitting room . camera come to a halt in long shot as they walk through . close shot as lara reach the glass - panell door : komarovesy ( amusedly ) how old be you now ? lara seventeen , monsieur . she have turn to he , slightly surprised by the change of subject . komarovsky - hmp ! he reach out and flip from one of the dummy a length of float veil . expertly off-hand - a experience man much interested by woman - he swathes she head in it . she suffer he to do it , look at he with trustful curiosity . close up . komafovksy 's quizzical smile fade . ' his masterful , amused and patronize pose be sweep away , he be utterly unselfconsciou ! as he take in : close up . lafa 's face frame softly in the soft material be the face of a beautiful young woman . her expression be serious , like that of a young communicant close up . komarovsky as before . a little fire begin to burn behind he eye but self - awareness return first not to he but to : - close up . lara . gently , defensively , she pull the veiling from she head , she eye still gravely , submissively question . close shot komarovsky and lafa . with a short , agreeable , rather rueful laugh , he turn abruptly and go through the door . 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 42 close up . lara watch he . on SOUND the door bang shut ; the distant clink - clonk - clonk of shunting waggon . medium shot . from lara' Pov the blurred figure of komarovsey recede through the distorting glass . big close up . lara , she expression deeply thoughtful . on SOUND the high -pitch impatient tect-toot - toot of a shunt engine and the recede footstep of komarovsky . ' dissolve exterior gromeko STREET night winter-snow close shot hundred of foot , ill -shod , tramping through grey churn snow . ( start very close , to provide loud sound effect over lara 's face at beginning of dissolve and zoom back to waist height . ) close tracking shot . pasha march stiffly at the head of the procession flanke by other leader , poorly clad straight - face intellectual . close tracking shot . a group of grey - look factory worker , head down and serious . close tracking shot . a policeman walk '' on foot beside the worker . close tracking shot . a poorly dress child , hold its mother 's hand , among the march leg . close tracking shot . Red banner with Russian lettering . long shot . the procession . householders come out on they balcony , face peer from window in well - light room . close shot . yuri be on the balcony outside the library . he be join by anna , a rug around she shoulder , long shot , they Pov . the procession advance up the street towards they . close shct . yuri and anna . she decipher the slogan : anna '' Brotherhood and freedom " ! yuri - what splendid word . a5 . . 239 mediumshot . the banner as they wobble past . on SOUND : anna ( cont ) " justice , Equality , and bread ! '' 240 close shot yuri and anna . - splendid - ( a cough fit ) - primitive , word . alexander ( SOUND . from within , angry } Anna ! anna ( puzzle , disappointed ) do not you think they be splendid ? yuri yes I do . 241 close shot . another banner wobble by . anna ( SOUND ) Brotherhood and freedom . . 242 close shot . yuri and anna be join by alexander . alexander Brotherhood and fiddlestick - ( take she hand ) - '' you ' be - freeze through . ( lead she into the ubrary ) you have } , no right annushka , it be not fair . 243 long shct . the procession wheeling off round a corner of the street . interior gromeko library studio niget 244 mediumshot . alexander sit anna in a chair as yuri enter from balcony and shut window . anna be I very ill then little husband ? alexander look shifty . he turn he back to fiddle needlessly with the fire . with simulate irritability : alexander | I do not know how ill you be ... she smile at he back lovingly , turn to yurl 44 244 continue anna it 's impressive , be not it ? yuri ( thoughtful ) | : yes itis ... I wonder why the Police have allow it . alexander ( genuinely irritate now ) I do not know why you advanced people make such villain of the Police . they be there to maintain law and order . anna they be there to maintain you in comfort ! alexander well I like comfort . anna ' oh ! oh! Professor Alexander gromeko be - ( cough ) - be - : she cough prolongedly . they be alarmed . she wave they away , cough . alexander go : anna ( after he ) - be a peasant ! she lie back , white , eye shut . 245 / close shot . yuri and anna . he quietly take she pulse . 247 ( this have happen many time before . ) a pause . a anna what 's the matter with I , yuri ? yuri ( hesitates , then gently , definitely ) you know . anna ( open eye ) yes . clever boy ... ( breathe be difficult ) " tonya come home tomorrow . ( no response from yuri ) hope they have not spoiled she at that silly school . yuri : should not think so . anna Lovely girl , tonya . 45 245 / continue 247 . yuri Lovely . anna : if I give you a wish , what will you wish ? yuri I do not want a wish . anna I give you a wish . wish ! yuri ( make light of it ) iwish .. ( his eye wander ) I wish I could play the pbalalaika . : . . anna ( pushes he hand away , angrily ) " can not play balalaika ! too clumsy ! ... not like mother ... " yuri ( rising ) no. 248 close shot alexander ' stand at the door hold a glas and bottle . he cough discreetly and come forward . ~ : 249 medium close shot anna look resentfully , wistfully , after yuri who go off towards the window . anna seem clever , but clumsy . alexander enter put glass on low table by she , uncork bottle say softly : alexander if they be mean to marry , they will marry . as if in answer , a hoarse command from outside . anna and alexander look curiously and apprehensively towards yuri . 250 close up . yuriat the window . curious and apprehensive he part the curtain and look through at the street . exterior gromeko STREET night winter-snow 281 long shot . Pov yuri . the procession have go . a troop of dragoon cross the main street and disappear down a side turn . 252 253 - 254 255 . 256 46 - interior gromeko library studio —- night close up . yuri at the window . anna ( SOUND ) what be it ? yuri dragoon . ' CUT interior dressmaking establishment studio night winter . medium shot . Inside amelia 's apartment komafovsky stand in evening dress . opposite he stand lara in a evening gown . it be suitable for she age but still , a evening gown . between they sit amelia also in a evening gown but with a thermometer stick in she mouth and a tendency to sweatiness . she roll she eye remorsefully from one 'to the other . komarovsky look awkward and irritate . lara look frighten . silence thus . in the silence a train pass nearby . komarovsky shift he weight and cough . lafa take the thermometer . lara a hundred and three . amelia ( a bit thick of speech ) oh what a pity ! I be so look forward to it ! never mind - I will be all right here . you will take lara will not you , Victor yppolitovich ? : close up . lara , confuse . und ) . too selfish of she silly mother - it 's she first long gown . see - ( sneeze ) oh my goodness . close up . komarovsky , who have be look at he foot , look up . komarovsey I think it would be better to call it right off . medium shot . komarovsky , lara , amelia . lara ( hastily ) yes , I will stay with you . 47 and 48 ( revise 19.2.65 ) 256 continue amelia '' hat nonsense ! I will be perfectly all right - I have get a book . ( dheedle ) } such a disanpointsent fer she , Victor yppolitovich - . lara about to pretest , cut off by a gesture from amelia . . so little opportunity to mix in good society . . komarovsky ( graceless ) very well . get you coat . ( glance at watch ) we be go to be late . I want to aveid kropothin Street . . scene number 257 to 261 CUT . 262 extreme long shot . ( process ) several rocession : converge on a vast crowd already assemble about a sprawling victorian monument . in foreground a monstruous lion , gild railing and a chocolate toy soldier sentry guard valatial gate . 263 medium % close shct . pasha climb the monument and be greet by other leader , worker and petty intellectual . introduction over he look with satisfaction : 264 long sot . over the crowd , he Pov , a sea of face . CUT interior restaurast location or studic night 265 hedium close sigt . lara ster into the vestibule of a exvensive cafe- dansant closely follow by komarovsky who give nis coat to a haiter , who give it to a assisiant . maitre o'hotel . we would give you up , '' 'sieur . konarovsky indicate lara who be neer timidly towards the restaurant . kcmarov sky my niece . coat , lara . maitre d'rnotel take she coat . 265 266 267 268 269 270 49 continue maitre d'hotel . charm , m'mselle . the music strike up in the restaurant , the servitor smile . close up , komarovskey nod , relax , forgive she . say quite kindly : komarovsky come . cut medium shot tracking , guide by the maitre d'hotel they walk through the restaurant . '' kcmapcvsky be greet with cheerful respect from a couple of table . the camera stop in close shot , a waiter , hold lara 's chair ' for she take she by surprise but she recover instantly , to komarovsky 's approval . she contemplate the glass , cutlery , napkin fold into snowy tower . with one quick flip komarovsky destroy he and be give a colossal menu . close up . the menu , cover with french phrase . komarovsky ( SOUND ) how 's the foie de veau gascoigne ? maitre d'hotel ( SOUND ) as always , m'sieur . close shot . komarovsky and maitre d'hotel . komarovsey all right . not too much - maitre d'hotel = not too much mustard , m'sieur . , he take the menu from komarovsky , both smile patronisingly at : close shot , lara entirely hide behind she menu . she lower it and say a little tensely but quite correctly : lara . jambon farci en crout. 50 : ( revise 19.2.65 ) 272 maitre d'hotel ( reference the lara ) : wine m'sieur ? komargvsky ( rewarding she ) a little light wine , yes . as he wait for the wine list : lara # ' sieur < omarovsiy , this nlace must be dreadfully expensive . komarovsky ( receiving wine list ) it be . why not " Victor yppolitovich " ? lara look serious . giegle , frown , shield she eye . lara I can not scene 272 tc 276 CUT . oe 277 2778 51 ( revise 19.2.65 ) close up . kxgharovsky . tehind he counle take the floor . : . yy ovssy ( smilingiv ) all right . ah ; they be dance . be say this wot we a surgestion , lean pack to receive a plate of neat , but : long $ i.0t . lifferent music . in foregreund they emnty place , in background the fleor alive with wuitze courle . socialite , noisy , dance with ache , from this say throng emerge lara and komarovsky . they arc dance . very decorously indeed . in lapa this may be natural , though she face be more tensely serious than we have ever see it . as for komarovsky he hold she at arm 's lengtn , as though she be a delicate vace - filt with dynamite . he face too be serious , alxest cautious . neither look at the other . the music ston . they core to the table . she sit , kcmarcvsxy holaing she chair . she be have difficulty with she breath arain . as konarovsky sit ) camera track siowly in to close thg - shot . she look at she finger on tne table . phe look at she intently , the initiative hers . when ske look up he lean forware quickly to hear . they fing themselves stare at one another . lara hother make this dress . komargvely ( lock at it seriously } very nice ... lara . we . she 's clever , be not she ? kcmargvery you mot er ? yes . Fine little woman . they be stare at one another 25 before . lis eye be intent , the little fire burn there again . ser _ey be dark anc guilty . a tension develop between then emrhesise by a hush which have falien . 52 277a continue 278 279 280 281 282 283 over the restaurant . the camera ease back . they look around : long shot , the whole restaurant look in silence towards the curtain window from which come the distant sound of a huge crowd sing " the internationale " . tt have the clumsiness and power of a great animal . . cur exterior mosccw square location night ' winter-snow high -angle long shot . the demonstrator sing . they sing out of time despite the brass band , but the total volume be terrifying . medium shot . the screen fill by hundred of sing face . close tracking shot . along line of gaunt , ecstatic face , under - nourish and pathetic , . _ CUT interior restaurant location or studio night '' close tracking shot . along line of diner , the atmosphere now downright scared . camera rise into a long shot af the room , now a freeze tableau . close shot . komarovsky and lara . he listen with a glimmer of cold contempt , a tiny smile . say loudly : komarovsky . ne doubt they will sing in tune ; after the Revolution . a moment 's silence . a very young officer bray a laugh . other join in . all head be turn to komarovsky . some clap . a bald bespectacle official , a skilled sycophant , rise and raise he glass to he . other follow suit . the place be rock with grateful applause and silly laughter . the camera track slowly as komarovsey look around and accept it with polite amused contempt , he eyebrow raise . but he expression change . lara shyly but gracefully toast he , smile over she glass . he laugh , he eye excited . they clink glass , the music start . cur 284 285 286 287 .288 289 290 53 close shot . they dance , not as before , but whirling with the best of they . lara be young and komarovsey be expert , handsome , in command , hold she closely , black tail fly . they be both laugh . dissolve exterior moscow STREET night winter-snow close tracking shot . the runner of a sleigh whine through snow . camera pan upwards into a close shot of lara and komarovsey seat side by side . they be cover in fur . they do not speak nor look at one another , look stiffly ahead . they be close together under the fur . ( medium shot the camera pan with the sleigh as it come out of a side - turn and cross 2 broad street . as it enter the opposite side - turn the camera stay on 2 long shot of - the main street which we now recognise as that in which the gromeko 's live . it be almost desert and most of the house be darken . from the direction of the gromeko house at the far end come the SOUND of distant sing . " Red flag " this time . into foreground step the dark silhouett back of a man in uniform : close shot a sergeant-major of dragoon , he stand hsten , turn he cannon - ball head , give a mute bark . medium shot . down the shadowy side - turn , ready and wait for it , dragoon strip heavy dun-coloured blanket from they mount . the high - breed animal , red , black and bay , wince and skitter in the cold . close tracking shot . komarovsky and lara . the sleigh pass from light to dark to light . he look at she profile . then look ahead again . she steal 2 look at he and look ahead again . a move - ment under the fur . she half turn to he , he turn to she and see she look , frighten , plead , excited . he kiss she savagely ; in - expertly she yield to it . medium shot . on another mute bark from the sergeant -major , 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 54 continue the heavy boot man swing up into they saddle with a jingle and thump , together . the horse stir , come under control , start move forward . medium long shot . the demonstrator , band . play and sing , on they way back through a poor district . they be no longer under escort , spread from side to side of the road . but they front be roughly straight and four or five leader , include pasha , walk ahead of they . the front rank contain the brass - band instrumentalist , one or two woman and a child . medium long shot , the dragoon come to a halt in double line across the width of the gromeko street . they be perfectly calm ; might be on parade . . long shct , the line of dragoon in foreground , the empty street in background . the sing closer . one or two light go on in house . . close up . sergeant major . stiff -back , wait , eye on : medium long shot . the curve of the street from which the sing , much louder now , be come . the leader of the procession begin to appear around the corner . close shot , yuri , put on a heavy coat , come out on to the gromeko balcony . on SOUND the sing louder and louder . he be stare at : long shot . his Pov the dragoon , distant , across the street . close up . yuri . the sing very loud . he look back to the corner . : medium long shot , ( same set - up as 295 ) the procession enter the main street . pasha walk backwards conduct with he cap . 300 302 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 311 312 313 the dragoon move forward . 55 medium shot , the line of dragcons . a bark from the sergeant-major . the man draw they sword . close tracking shot . pasha conduct , as yet oblivious of the situation ahead of he . close shot . sergeant-major . another word of command . close up . yuri look incredulously down the street . long shot his Pov . the procession go away up the street in foreground , the dragoon approach in background . close tracking shot , one of the leader draw pasha 's attention to : medium tracking shot . the dragoon . they increase they pace to a trot . : . close tracking shot . pasha stop conduct , walk forward mechanically for a few pace , stop . medium shot tracking . the dragoon . a word of command . they canter . medium shot . the procession . that at the front come toa stand - still . that at the back pile up behind they . the music and sing falter . close up . yuri . the sing stop . silence except for the drum of horse 's hoof . long shot his Pov . the procession halt . the dragoon at the gallop the crowd begin to panic and break up . medium shot . the procession scatter . close shot . the panic crowd , back turn , run . 315 316 317 318 319 320 321 322 323 324 56 close shot . yuri grip the balcony rail . close shot . frightened run face , a glimpse of oncoming horse above they . close shot . a child , see through run leg . ' close tracking shot . the sergeant-major raise he sword at : medium tracking shot . his Pov , the camera overtake the back of the flee crowd . interior gromeko house studio night closeshot . yuri , rapidly tracking intoclose up . the sound of a fearful impact . shout , scream , drum hoof , run foot - bedlam . yuri 's head jerk from side to side , watch - ing , horrify . the uproar beneath he modulate into a dreadful scuffle punctuate by groan , oath , word of command and the clash of metal . : medium shot . alexander emerge from he bedroom , in slipper wrapping a heavy dress gown about he , hurry along the corridor to the library door . medium shot . he enter the library and cross to the window . close shot . . alexander join yuri on the balcony . alexander what - ? what -? for a beat they both stare down . the noise be recede to they right . a few flake of snow begin to float down across they . suddenly yuri go . the noise recede still further . then alexander too leave the balcony , horrify , tremble , utterly unable to cope with what he have see . exterior gromeko STREET location night winter - snowing high angle long shot . whathe see : through a gentle drift of snow - flake body lie on the ground , the child 's prominent . one of the slogan banner lie there . the big brass tuba . two or three man wander uncertainly . a wounded woman be crawl towards the gromeko house . 325 326 327 328 329 330 331 332 57 medium shot . yuri fling open the gromeko front door and dash down the step . but slow , stop in close up , stare with horrify intentness at : close up . a pool of blood in the spill of light on the pavement . exterior komarovsky's house location niget winter - snowing close up . lara 's face come into frame as she seat herself on komarovsky 's sleigh . she look numbe with shock . on SOUND : : komarovsky ( a deep " tender " voice ) good-night , dear . : lara good-night ... ( her voice break ) Victor yppolitovich . the-sleigh pull away revealing a medium shot of komarcvsky stand - wittiout he overcoat on the pavement . it be snow ; he house door be open behind he ; he look post- coital and glum . exterior gromeko STREET . location night winter - snowing to close shot . a dead body be lug on to the floor of a waggon among other body already there . , medium shot . two policemen lower a awning and slam up the tail - board . : long shot . in fall Christmas -card snow other police be lift dead and wounded into cart . light be on in many house and householders watch as from warmly - light theatre box . some have come outside . down the centre of the street , trot along on a splendid horse , follow by a entourage , come a general , a distinguished old aristocrat with a magnificent white - bearded face under a plume hat . general ( Gentle and authoritative ) go back inside you house please - everything be quiet now ! go back inside you house please ! close shot . yuri kneel beside the wounded woman , look up . close panning shot . the general from yuri 's Pov . 332 333 334 335 336 337 338 339 340 . 58 continue : . : general / . all this people will be take care of ! go back inside please ! 2 close shot . yuri go on deliberately with he work . the foot of a horse clatter into foreground of picture . close shot . a sergeant of dragoon rein in he horse . sergeant ( look down at yuri ) get inside . close shot the camera pan up with yuri as he rise slowly to he foot , look coldly and calmly at the man . alexander , still in he dress gown , run up clutching he by the sleeve . alexander yuri please ! no trouble ! close up . the sergeant . sergeant take he in sir - or I will put he in arrest ! close up . ' yuri and alexander . alexander . : yuri , I beg you . tonya ' 's come home tomorrow ! medium shot . alexander be almost weep . the woman in any case be now pick up by two police and carte off . yuri turn without a word and go up the step with alexander . close shot . alexander push yuri ahead of he through the front door . camera track in as yuri enter the hall and turn look back at the street as alexander shut the door on we . interior dressmaking establishment studio night close shot . reflected in she dress table mirror we see lara enter she bedroom . she sit , then fearfully raise she head to see she face . it be tear-stain , biotch , aghast . the image flicker : dissolve 341 342 343 344 345 346 347 349 59 interior moscow station location day winter-snow close shot . the flicker be cause by the coaches of the Paris -moscow pullman arrive in Moscow Station . as the train stop tonya 's face be on frame . ablaze with happiness , life , charm and staggeringly pretty . she be lowering the window of she compartment with a white - glove hand , wear @ white fur coat and hat . . medium shot : yuri run like a slag along the train , dodging the alight passengers and they welcomer . at tonya 's ~ carriage he stop in close up . his expression change . close shot . tonya stand in the doorway , the little sister and childhood sweetheart be a dazzle young lady . one anxious . flash of she dark eye to register the effect and the camera pan with she as she tumble out on to the platform - help by yuri . they embrace , much more cautiously and formally than yuri have expect . she lock up , see : close up . alexander stand there . close shot . yuri and tonya . the camera pan as , she youthful dignity sweep away , she rush over and tumby into the arm of alexander who hug and kiss she with unabash tear of emotion , till she laugh and : alexander : . there , now , that 's enough . ' you mother , you mother . close up . anna seat ona station bench surround by bustling porter and passenger . she be look anxiously at : _ medium shot . her Pov . the busy platform . through a gap in the crowd alexander and tonya appear , she arm tuck possessively under he . tonya see she mother , raise she hand . close up . anna . a little gulp of happiness . medium shot . tonya leave she father and run , she charm and graceful figure attract smile and turn head . camera pan she into a close shot + '' th anna who raise she arm still seat , she sensitive and waste face quite stern with emotion but flow with tear . tonya , tearful too , stoops and embrace she tenderly , look at she earnestly : . tonya ( quietly , a bit fearfully ) mummy , how be you ? 349 350 351 352 60 ( revise 17.5.65 . continue anna I ? fit es a fiddle . turn round . '' weprud shot . torya oblige , look lovely , but keep a anxious eye on anha , who grunt , and say to alexander who come up . hp . well they nve taugat she something . - tonta daddy , how be she ? _ anza I have tola you ... be not yuri look well ? . tonya ( quietly ) yes he be . yuri , who have follow a respectful few pace beni.n fether and daughter , now come up. anna repeat wie . triunphant satisfaction : anna . they '' have teach she something , have not they , yuri ? yurt . you look lovely tonya . it be sei’ quietly , but with a sort of simple effection wilike 2 lever 's . however , it be ensuga to make tonya momentarily look down and she crop the magazine she be cerry . instantly '' tori resrieve it for she . this bring shem : close two shot . tort and toya ; he with the mace tonya . I bring it for you there 's 9 niece in it about yous nussien ooet . 352 353 354 355 356 61 ( revise 17.5.65 ) continue - . yuri ( genuinely look forward to read it ) ub good . thanks . do it mention I ? tonya . it begin with you . you be the best . yuri very intelligent nation , the french . close shot . anna , well pleased with the little tete - a- tete . _ anna yes , well . she attempt to rise with the aid of she stick . quickly yuri come on frame and take she arm to assist she . alezander have retaken possession of to a 's arm ; they regard each other fondly . this be not at all whet anna hes in mind , she look displease . then make a ingenious display of be unable to rise even with yuri 's help . anna ( apologetic ) alexei , gear ... alexander , coneern come quickly on frame . with he help too she can rise quite easily it seem . she retain he arm in e vicelike grip and relin - quishing yuri 's ; studiously indifferent : thank you , dear . yuri join tonya , take she arn , and lead off . 357 358 . 62 ( revise 17.5 . close graceing shot . ana and alexander follow . anna incline ner heed to she husband to speak shove the station noise , leok off , complecently at : medium traczing shot . her Pov . yuri : and tonya , similarly telki-g , meke they wey through the crowd . ' ama they have they head togesher . yes dear ; they be talk . ama ( c¢rossly ) they nre head over " heel ! alexander / anushka stop it ! ( then patting she hand ) good marriage be make in Heaven ... or some such piace . cur continue page 63 , scend 359 as is. — _ — as se 359 360 361 362 '' 363 364 63 interior dressmaking establishment studio day winter medium long shot . the empty fitting room . on SOUND other church bell . after a moment lara enter quietly from the workroom . she be white - face but compose , dress for church and carry a prayer book . as she walk into close shot she stop , terrify . close shot . her Pov . on the far side of the distorting glass be a motionless male figure . it move , tap hesitantly with its finger . close shot . lara . camera pan she to the door where lean against the wall she say fearfully : lara Victor yppolitovich ? the figure pasha . lara almost overcome by happy relief . I want to talk to you . close up . lara . a different fear , that she defloration will be visible . lara ( sweetly plead ) no , pasha . pasha ( SOUND ) it 's important . lara ( hopelessly ) all right . sadface , she head down , she open the door . no movement . she look up . her hand fly to she mouth . pasha ! ; close up pasha . he stand quite still . there be a terrific cut run all down - one side of he face , make doubly pathetic by the fact he still wear spectacle . close up . lara . a moment to collect herself , then : lara how do you do it ? 365 366 367 368 medium close shot . pasha and lara . pasha I do not . a dragoon do . " dragoon " come out with a world of bitterness . be begin to shake . lara oh , pasha darling , come , come , come ... she draw he into the room , shut the door . camera pan with they as she take he to a chair . pasha , I can not deal with this . pasha have you get any iodine ? lara yes but - pasha get it . close up . a big blue bottle . on SOUND : pasha ( softly , alarmed ) do not let you mother know ! lara 's hand take the bottle . lara ( softly ) it 's here . she 's still asleep . camera pan back with lara into a close shot with pasha who have follow she up . she watch , fascinate and pitiful as he uncork it , and stand over a small basin , stoically remove and lay down he spectacle , raise the bottle to he face and begin to tilt it . close up . lara , wince for he pain , mesmerise by the horror of it . on SOUND the clink of the bottle on the basin bring she to . . close shot . pasha stand quite still bent over the basin , grip it with pain . lara whip upa small hand towel . lara pasha , darling ... 369 370 / 372 | 65 ( revise 19,2.65 continue ever so gently she dat he yellow - stain cheek . ad fie turn to she . camera track in the close up . lara ( cont ) - pasha , you must go to 2 hospital ! pasea I dare not for a day or two . will you do something for I ? lara ( immediately ) yes what ? pasha hide this . she look down . close up . a revolver be withdraw from he coat pocket . close shot . pasea and lara . she touch it gingerly . lara ( a horrify murmur ) pasha ... oh throw it away . pasha no ! ( se control he volume , not he rage ) there will be more " peaceful " demonstration . there be woman and child lara ! and they ride they down ! starve woman ask for bread ! ... and on up on tamskaya Avenue the pig be eat ! and drink ! and dance ! she look at he aghast . ne , unaware of any application to herseif , must breathe hard to regain control before , curtly : hide it fer I . _ hesitant , ashamec , lara take it . thanks , comrade. 370 / 372 373 374 375 66 ( revise 19,2.65 ) continue . lara : . ch , pasha darling , I be not you comrade ! there be a cemth of seli-disgust and lamentation in it . sae look at he longingly , heif in love with he - he selflessness ang courage . 2ut anelia be hear ( off ) arelia ( scukd ) lara ? medium shot . pasha move tack , lara quickly nide the revolver under 2 cushion , canera pan anc track with lara into the workroom where sne head off amelia , in she dress gown . though be it dear ? lara . it 's only fasha . amelia ( lose interest ) oh , ( itaternally reproachful ) you come in very late last night dear . 7 clgse up , lara . lara ( lock she straight in the eye and deceive she ) the tiwe go so quickly . close up . anelia . amelta then you must have hed a geod time ... ( slightly surprised ) be you go to Church dear ? lara ( scund ) ( softly vehement ) yes . CUT . intesigr ckurch studic = day lara kngel at the confession2i in a echoing Church . she wait with she heac bew . after a pause , rather wearily : 376 377 67 ( revise 19.2.65 ) continve confessor hy child , do you know what cur lerd say to the tonan taken in aduitery ? lara yes Father ; se say : " go and sin no more " . cgnfsessor and - do she ? lara ( startle ) I do not know , Father . confessor nobody do child . the flesh be not weak it be strong . only the sacrament of Marriage will contain it . remember that . lara rise and go , we see she descend the snowy _ Church step . " 2 exterior gromexo striet day wimter -clean snow dissolve 378 379 380 68 exterior HOTEL garden location night summer long shot a courtyard garden in high summer . moth flutter about the lamp , there be plant in flower , a gently splash fountain . one or two table discreetly place behind trellis- work with well - dress couple over drink . a high class maison d’assignation . komarovsey , hand in pocket , hum , cross the courtyard . camera pan with he . he enter a doorway lead into the main building , go up some stair : interior HOTEL corridor studio night long shot . a corridor with window on one side and numbered door on the other a fatherly old waiter with a load tray enter foreground as komarovsky come along the corridor in background . they meet as kcmarcvsky be about to - enter one of the door . waiter ( alarm ) . . m'sicur ! number six this evening , sir . ( indicate the door regretfully ) a very important person . as ' komarovsky give a irritate shrug and start to move forward the camera pan on to close shot of door 6 in foreground . interior private room . studio night close shot . lara . she be sit forlorn , dress to satisty komarovsky 's particular taste , in a very sophisticate brightly coloured dress in the edwardian mode . she have herhairup - her expose arm and shoulder round and white . because of all this she face look pathetically young . the room itself be small and over- intimate a candle - light table for two be set for dinner with 2 decanter of red wine . lara sit on a sofa run almost the length of one wall . it have no back but be make comfortable by velvet cushion . on SOUND the door open . she rise eagerly . komarovsky enter picture . komarovsky sorry I be late , dear . lara ( atremer ofthe lip ) . I have be wait nearly a hour , Victor . komarovsky ( absently ) have you order ? lara no. 380 381 382 383 69 continue komarovsky ( absently ) oh you should have do .. camera pan with komarovsky as he go over tothe sofa , . lounge back on the cushion he be stare at the dress , critically , appraisingly , as though she be a object ( his eye travel down ) turn round close shot lara 's foot she start to turn , the camera pan upwards over she tightly encase body to she face . her hand travel 's to she throat in a unconsciously defensive gesture . lara you choose it , Victor close shot komarovsky unconcernedly take out a cigar . komarovsky very nice ( pat the sofa beside he invite she to sit ) tt suit you . close shot lara 's camera pan with she as she obediently sit beside he . komarovsky ( cut he cigar ) you have grow upalot . have not you ? ; it sound like praise , but she dart a dubious look at he before : lara yes . komarovsky ( off-hand ) what do you tell you mother tonight ? lara Victor , do not ... komarovsky ( look up from he cigar " surprised " . then , " remorseful " ) : a-a-ah he squeeze she wrist and rise 384 medium shot . he go over to the table . May I smoke ? 384 385 386 387 388 70 continue lara of course . he have take she permission for grant anyway , lighting he cigar from a candle , he back to she . komarovsky ( smiling to himself ) you like it , do not you ? close up lara noanswer ; she watch he darkly . ( SOUND ) cigar smoke . no answer close up komarovsky - he turn , compelling she komarovsky do not you ? close up lara . shame and resentment shadow she eye . lara yes komarovsky ( SOUND . ' quite good -heartedly ) oh come along dear ... his hand hold a glass of wine in front ofher . she take it . sante ! lara ( a hesitant grateful smile ) sante . she sip the wine . his dark shape cross in front of she . we sense he sit on the sofa ' beside she . =~ komarovsky ( SOUND . ' robust " . ) drink ! ( softly " coax " ) up ... up ... up . his hand come into picture again , and with one finger under the glass fractionally force it so that a dribble of wine run down she chin she lower the glass , look at he . close up komarovsky . look ather ; he eye a little cloud , tl 389 / close shot . komarovsky and lara . she set the glass 391 down , breathe rather hard , he 's blow out a cloud of blue smoke . komarovsky ( cont ) : ; where do you tell she we be go ? you mamma . lara 's she do not ask . komarovsky ( chucky softly ) that 's because she know . lara she do not . komarovseky oh you would both take a oath she do not . but she do . and you both know she do . lara feel herself go over the waterfall as so often before . she plead ; eye very dark now , but tearful too . lara Victor do not -.. komarovsky what ? lara torment I . he stare incredulously . then throw back he head and laugh . komarovseky " do not " - 2 ... oh what a little hypocrite itis ... a sudden movement . she have knock the cigar from he mouth . a moment of instinctive shock and anger , then he smile , triumphant , he eye very dark . lara too be pretty far go but scared , 2 . : tremble , babyface again . lara ( rising ) I be go , Victor ... he watch she , he eye intent . komarovsky whenever you like , dear ... 392 393 394 395 396 72 close shot . lara . she take she evening cloak and begin wrapping it round she at a mirror . . close .shot . komarovsky , he body insolently at ease . softly : . : +e . you see , you will always come back . close shot . lara . both she determination to go and he confidence that she will not be half false . she finish put on the cloak . . , ( SOUND ) stay , darling . she turn , mouth open to speak - and find he stand beside she . it isa knife - edge balance . then he kiss she . ( huskily ) you see ... you see ... lara ( mindilessly ) Victor do not ... do not ... but she mean nothing by it . he slip the cloak from she bare back , camera pan down as it slither to the floor .. dissolve exterior lara' STREET night ' winter - snowing close shot . falling snow catch in the light from a lamp -post . after a few moment the distant sound of strange moan . the camera pan as if look for it . we recognise lara 's street then , pan upwards , the light window of the dressmake establishment . the sound become more '' agonise . the camera zoom up and inwards towards the bedroom window . quick dissolve dressmaking establishment studio night winter - snowing close shot . the camera track up and inwards to peer through the iced and curtain window . the noise now dreadful , comprise a sob , a scream , a groan of anguish . we see the lower half of a bed with someone writhe ceaselessly under the blanket . atrain rumble past . the door burst open revealing komarovsky , shirt - sleeve , frighten . he dither for a few second watch whoeverisin the bed . in he hand he hold a letter . he turn as fe 396 397 398 399 400 401 402 73 continue suddenly as he come . the camera follow he , tracking along the outside wall and past the window of amelia 's workshop , afford we glimpsis of he dash through to the fitting room . - as the camera pass a dark piece of wall : cur exterior lara '' sstreet night winter ~ snowing close shot . ( match piece of dark wall ) the camera crane off the side of the building and drop downward disclose komarovsky be sleigh outside the main door . by the time the camera be on a medium shot of the sleigh the door burst open . close shot . komarovsky dash out and thrust the letter into the driver 's hand . komarovsey there ! show it to someone if you lose you > way ! Professor boris kurt ! find he ! interior -exterior gromeko house night winter - snowing close shot . the medical professor be seat next to anna in the library . they be look at : medium shot . they Pov . a polite gather of intelligent look people sit on small gilt chair attend to a pianist seat in the window . Beyond he we see a tram pass up the snowy street . close shot . medical professor and anna . she ts inclined to enthusiasm whilst he express a certain dissatisfaction with the entertainment . . anna but boris , this be genius ! medical professor really , I think it be chopin ? . ( she whacks he , playfully flirtatious ) ' I be go for a smoke . ts close shot . outside in the hall tonya and yuri seat more comfortably on the stair and listen to the music which come through the open doorway . medical professor emerge , tapping a cigarette on a golden case . 14 402 continue 403 medical professor well , how 's the General practitioner ? yuri ( move down a stair ) a bit sear of he final . medical professor ( sitting by tonya ) . ido not think he need be . ( to tonya , automatically make up to the pretty girl ) how do you like the idea of marrying a General practitioner ? a moment 's awkwardness . but tonya 's poise be equal to it . tonya . I like it very much . '' but no General practitioner have ask I . : medical professor no ? ( to yuri ) I think you nomad be hot-bloode ? ( confidential , to tonya : ) a slow lot , General practitioner . how d' you fancy a Professor of pathology ? tonya ( look at he ) do he write poetry ? medical professor alas , no . : tonya , = then I be afraid it 's out of the question . the door bell ring . Excuse I . she escape he slightly too-galiant attention thus . the two man watch she descent , medical professor quite rouse , yuri quite jealous . medical professor that 's a marvellous girl , Zhivago . yuri yes ; I would notice . close shot . tonya at the front door with komarovsky 's driver and letter . she approach the stair , look up . 403 404 405 406 407 408 409 15 continue ' tonya it 's for you , Professor kurt . medium shot . medical professor run down , athletic . meet tonya come up . take letter and open it as tonya go on to join yuri . close shot . medical professor . he read letter . grimace , grunt , look up : medical professor ( a little challenge ) how would the Poet like to see a bit of General practice ? close shot . the screen block for a moment by heavy coat , then yuri and medical professor sit in sleigh . yuri what be it ? medical professor : suicide . it happen all the time . yuri thoughtful as the sleigh drive off . close shot . tonya look out through the front door . she watch for a moment ; turn shutting the door on camera . interior dressmaking establishment studio night close shot . the glass - panell door be flung open by '' komarovsky , he face frantic but instantly compose as he see medical professor . ot komarovsky / oh , thank God you have come . close shot . medical professor and yuri enter the fitting room . . this be very good of you , boris . medical professor yes , I know itis . ( komarovsky look at yuri ) my assistant , ( quietly ) come on , where be she ? camera pan into medium shot as komarovsky lead the way through to the workshop follow by yuri carry a black Doctor 's bag . 410 41 414 76 close tracking shot . komarovsky and medical professor hurry through the workshop . they gain on the camera which centre on yuri follow up behind . he look around the darken room at the sewing machine , tailor dummy and rolis of material . medium close shot . komarovsky and medical professor enter stnall bedroom , the foot of a brass bedstead in foreground of picture . medical professor glance at the unseen patient on the bed and begin to unbutton he coat . . medical . professor when do she do it ? komarovsky about 8 o'clock this evening . - medical professor ( look at watch , raise eyebrow ) do you know what it be ? | close up . the blue bottle on a small table at the foot of the bed . komarovsky 's hand come into picture , pick up the pottle , camera pan with it into close shot of komarovsky and medical professor . he sniff it . he tear off he overcoat , glaring venomously at komarovsey . . why the devil do not you get a local doctor ? komarovsky ( hard and straight ) T could not . medical professor ( obey the code ) '' no , I suppose you could not ( to yuri who be now stand - in the doorway behind ) comecon then : on she face . he throw down he coat and make towards the head of the bed follow by yuri the tempo of the scene rise as the two man go about they work with quick professional expertise close shot . medical professor and yuri on opposite side of the bed . we see they haul the body on to its face , hear it moan , a inhuman sound , but still do not see it . oo close shot komarovsky stand at the end of the bed watch , anxious - over on SOUND another moan and , surprisingly gentle : medical professor ( SOUND ) all right , little woman ... ( then sharply ) Water ? 414 415 416 417 . 418 7 continue komarovsky move . take the big jug of a porcelain wash - set . _ he turn to find medical professor beside he who pour the entire content of a little bottle into it . close shot . ' yuri be withdraw a length of rubber tub from . the doctor 's bag . close shot . medical professor leave komarovsky who watch again from the head of the bed . on SOUND : : medical professor ( SOUND ) now yuri ... ( a awful silence ... komarovsky blench as the head of the bedstead wobble ) come on , my dear ... ( another moan . impatient : ) on , come on , yuri . yuri ( SOUND ) sorry . ( silence again ) medical professor ( SOUND , ' quietly : ) now my dear ... dissolve close shot . komarovsky be now sit frighten , wear - out , shocked by what he have see . medical professor 's hand hold the jug into picture . . medical professor Water and 2 sponge . komarovsky rise , take the jug , lick he lip : komarovsky - be she go to live ? medical professor Water . . komarovsky go . medical professor smile rather sadistically at : close shot . yuri stand by the foot of the bed . yuri she be , be not she ? medical professor ( SOUND ) yes . . 419 420 421 422 423 424 425 78 close up . medical professor . funny thing . there 's a man ... speak on public platform . in with the government . in with the liberal . in with everybody . and he -risk itall ... for that ! close shot . amelia , drench in sweat , lie naked on she front , she discoloure tongue protrude from she lividface . on SOUND : . that 's not how poet see they be it ? close up . medical professor look at yuri . | that 's how G. P. 's see they . that 's how they be . close up . yuri look back at the bed . yuri : you know , from here ... she look beautiful . close shot . his Pov of amelia 's naked back stretch across the bed ; not pretty , but impressive , like a Leonardo fall warrior . medium shot . ' yuri 's back in foreground , medical professor in background . medical professor ( amuse and admire ) Zhivago , I think you be a hard case . komarovsky enter with water and sponge , still frighten . medical professor take they and camera pan with he as he go back to ametia and begin to swab she up and down - like a vet . amelia medical professor look up at komarovsky , narrowly , speculatively . close up . komarovsky tense . on SOUND : lara ... komarovsky ( curtly ) there 's a child in the case . 79 426 / medium shot over komarovsky on to medical professor and 428 429 yuri on opposite side of the bed . medical professor continue of look to komarovsky . komarovsky ( impatient , indignant ) ' acchild ! her daughter . medical professor continue to look as before . ( curtly ) oh , for heaven 's sake boris eee this last be angry , hurt , more than a little disgust . medical professor feel he have go too far . . medical professor ( returning he attention to Amelia , sourly : ) she might have think about " lara " before she do it . do the girl know ? komarovsky I be afraid she do . medical professor be she here ? komarovsky yes . medical professor well tell she that she mother be go to live . ( but arrestingly ) waita minute , Victor . what be we go to say about this ? . komarovsky ( " serious " ) must we say anything ? medical professor , I be afraid so . I be take she to hospital . we will have to say something . ( delicately : ) yuri ... yuri yes , of course . ( go to the door ) komarovsky this need not be difficult , boris ... '' long shot . yuri come into the workroom and wander in the half - dark among the sewing machine and tailor 's shape . on SOUND a train rattles by . he stand in - the gently shaking room listen to it . 430 431 432 / 433 434 435 80 close shot . yuri . the sound of the train recede . music " lara " theme . he " hear " it . it ' attract 's he and camera pan with he over to a table . he look down . music stop . close up . lara 's satchel and some school book . close shot . yuri . he idly turn a book to read its title . music re-commence . he look around as if to find its source . camera follow behind he as he wander across the room and reach a partition window on the opposite side . without warning the room behind the partition be flood with light as komarovsry enter carry a oil lamp . lara jump up out of a chair . another train rumble by . close up . yuri stare fascinate as at a silent move picture . medium shot . over yuri into the room beyond the partition . komarovsky be talk . lara 's face light up with a expression of incredulous joy . komarovsky confirm he good news . lara throw she arm about he neck , sobbing with gratitude . Rather - awkwardly he stroke she head . she seize he hand and cover it 436 437 438 439 440 442 with kiss . he gently withdraw it and stroke she spine as we have see he do before . lara grow still . komarovsky lead she back to the chair and seat she . she hold on to he hand look wildly up to he . awkwardly he soothes she and disengage he hand . he back away take the lamp with he . close up . yuri stare at : close shot . lara close she eye , put she head back weep and distraught . close up . yuri . the light have stop move . he jerk he head towards the door .. medium close shot . Pov yuri . komarovsey giare at he from the doorway , he expression horrify and malignant . he go . close up . yuri . he look back at : close up . lara , head back , weep , in the chair . the light fade into blackness . the train noise recede . . medium shot . the medical professor have make amelia comfortable . komarovsky enter the bedroom . say off - handedly : lo komarovsky what be the name of you . young Assistant ? 81 442 continue 443 444 445 medical professor Zhivago . komarovsky andreyevich ? medical professor : yes , why ? d' you know he ? ! komargvseky I know he father slightly . cuT close shot . the glass panell door be open by komarovsky . medical professor and yuri come out . komarovsky address they with the decent brevity of one who know word to be inadequate . gruffly : komarovsky well gentleman , I will not attempt to express my gratitude . for the rest ... ( a-stoic little shrug ) & be in you hand . medical professor ( frown , awkward : ) forget it , Victor . : komarovsky ( as one who , though unwilling , must say ft out : ) do that apply to you ' both ? he be look at yuri . yuri lock packathim . they both know what he mean . : medical professor ( softly , slightly shocked ) not a question to ask , Victor . komarovsky ( as one willingly accept deserve correction ) forgive I . in manly fashion he shake hand with medical professor . would shake hand with yuri but : medium shot . yuri already on he way down the passage . close shot . medical professor go . komarovsky stand glower , then turn and go back through the door . 446 447 / 449 82 exterior gromeko STREET night winter -fresh snow close tracking shot . in the sleigh medical professor and yuri be silent . it have stop snow . medical professor cheer up yuri ; I will have the poor bitch in hospital tonight . yuri what 's he name ? medical professcr ( a bit startle by the tone ) mp? that 's v.i. komarovsky . ' say he know you . yuri oh . he execute my father 's will . medical professcr you have deal with he ? no. 1 do not feel competent to deal with he ; I be eight year old . uncle Alex turn it down . medical professor oh . ( he be curious but too well breed to question ) yuri : by komarovsky 's account there be not much in it . and what there be belong to komarovsky . medical professor : : oh he 's a very good business man . ( deprecate ) but I doubt if he 's crooked . very good company . know life . ( chuckle ) he 's hada fat scare tonight ... cuT interior student cafe studio day winter long shot . a Student Cafe . a vast echoing place with line of oil - cloth cover table , iron pillar and 2 lot of steam - up icy window . a few mid-afternoon customer retain they overcoat . a waiter enter picture carry two bowl of steaming heavy - look soup with iron spoon . camera pan with he into a close shot of lara and komarovsky , sit on opposite side of atable . he be the only person over thirty in the place and look incongruous and forlorn . event have unmanned he ; he be sad and tired , for the moment anyway defeat . lara regards he 83 447 / continue 449 anxiously , a bit remorsefully . they speak quietly , the mood elegiac , all passion spend . lara you do not mind come here , do you Victor yppolitovich ? komarovsky ( quickly ) no , no ... remind I of my youth ... ( a pause ) lara - I go to the hospital again . komarovsky ( look up quickly ) and -? lara she want you to go and forgive she ... ( komarovsky look at she ) for she suspicion . . komarovsky ( grimace distastefully . quietly ) you can tell she the truth if you like , larissa . lara ( quickly ) no. komarovsky well I do not see much point - it 's over and do with . lara will you - ( hesitates ) - see mother now ? komarovsky ( smile at she tact and help she out ) aslusedto ? no ... ( softly , wryly reflective ) in fact I should not be surprised if you be my swan song . ( look away ; a change tone ) be this he ? 450 medium long shot . they Pov . pasha peer about approach from the door . 451 close shot . lara radiant . komarovsky say : komarovsky . he know nothing about ... ? lara ( can not even take in the idea . then , horrify ) pasha ? no. . : 452 453 454 / 458 84 medium shot . pasha ‘has see they . he walk over to the table camera panning with he . lara ( cont ) pasha , this be . monsieur komarovsky . komarovsky rise and shake hand with pasha . both sit again . pasha take he spectacle off look pedantic , tense , severe . his fade scar give he already impressive face a add consequence . a moment 's awkwardness , deal with by the older man . komarovsky will you eat ? pasea no thank you . he move he spectacle pedantically in he finger , look at komarovsky in steady silence . lara 's eye go from one to the other , anxious for it to go well . komarovseky . T hope you do not think this impertinent , pavel pavlovich . pasha not at all . close up komarovsky komarovsky iam - 1 I have advise larissa 's mother for many year . I be interested in what happen to she ... dissolve medium shot . the bowis be empty , pasha be brace back in he chair , point of colour in he cheek , he eye excited , speak quickly . komarovsky be listen gravely . lara look earnestly from one to the other . pasha ..- something that I ought to tell you m’sieur komarovsky . and that be this : 1 be commit to the Revolution . nothing - ( put a hand on lara 's hand ; komarovsky register it ) not even lara - have more importance for . I . ( lara put she hand on he as in a game of pat -a- cake to show that she agree , and komarovsky shift uneasily ) 85 454 / continue 458 komarovsky ( raise he head ; rather sternly : ) . you misunderstand . it 's not you political view that concern I . so far as that go Tam more in sympathy - than you probably suppose . ihave some contact of my own which might surprise you . ( pasha look at he _ sceptically . curtly : ) how do you propose to live ? pasha I have be offer a teach post . komarovsey May I know where ? pasha gradov . it 's in the ural . komarovsky I know it . not much of a place . it 's lovely country , m'sieur komarovsky .. ( unconsciously she have slip into pasha 's style of address ) komarovsky ( ignore she ; to pasha ) it will be a very quiet life , will not it ? lara but that 's what we want . ( winningly , charmingly , begging komarovsey to share the rustic dream ) komarovsky mm. ( to pasha ) will - you must excuse I - will . you salary be adequate . pasha adequate . not more . komarovsky see lara look adoringly at pasha . his jealousy be now rouse . unctuously , with a mock - compassionate , very insulting smile : komarovsky ' pavel pavlovich , my chief impression - I hope you will not .« be offended - be that you be very young . pasha ( flushes , collect himself and come back harder than komarovsky have prepare for ; look clearly at 86 454 / continue 458 pasha ( cont ) . , . ' ( the older man ) m'sieur komarovsky - L hope you will not be offended : do people improve with age ? the challenge be out on either side . in the conflict , komarovsky will have the guile of age and its lack of conviction , pasha the directness of youth and its lack of control . komarovsky , after a moment 's inward shock , smoothly , mock -detach . komarovsky they grow more tolerant . pasha ( instantly ) because they have more to tolerate in themselves . if people do not marry young , what do they bring to they marriage ? komarovsky ( more and more deliberately patronise ) a little experience . pasha Tam twenty - six -.. komarovsky ( murmur ) you surprise I . pasha ( flushes again , repeat ) I be twenty - six . my mother die , needlessly , when I be eight . my father die in prison . I have fend for myself . I have work my way through Higher School and University . 1 be familiar with thing that you can hardly guess at . komarovsky . all this be experience of a kind certainly - pasha ( jumping in ) I have have no " amorous " experience . if that be what you mean . ( komarovsky blink . that be what he mean but he have not expect to have it say openly , and pasha underline it ) none whatever . lara be seventeen ; that speak for itself . ( and again he put he hand on hers to say : ) you probably find this situation comic . we do not . we be go to be marry , next year . in dead silence he rise . komarovsky , inwardly enraged , control himself perfectly . lara be scarlet . pasha triumphant , sit a a a ee oe 454 / 458 459 460 461 462 / 466 87 continue make youth 's usual error : a ill-time and half -heart extension . of the olive branch : pasha ( cont ) thope 1 have not offended you by speak plainly . komarovsey ( a shaky laugh ) not at all . ( more strongly ) admirable . pasha stoops and kiss lara . they do it chastely but tenderly . -camera pan with pasha as he make towards the exit . close shot . lara and komarovsky . komarovsky a young crusader . lara he 's - komarovsky he 's a very fine young man ; that 's obvious . lara ( almost apologize ) monsieur komarovsky , I think you be very generous . komarovsky ( " severe " ) larissa , I want to talk to you . close up . lara . a flicker of apprehension and she rise , she coat black out the screen . cur interior dressmaking establishment studio dusk winter close shot . the screen again momentarily darken as lara pass camera , follow by komarcvsky , on she way down the passage to the glass pancile door . long shot . the door open and lara let komarovsky go ahead of she into the fitting room . the place be desert . every - thing cover in dust -sheet . in amelia 's absence the business have wound down . when the door shut they isolation be merely under - line by the distant noise of the afternoon . the window be darken - ing towards evening . lara look about the desolate silent scene and shiver komarovsky be walk away from she , slowly but restless 462 / continue 466 lara ( a little ill at ease ) m'sieur komarovsky will you ... komarovsky ( stop ) I beg you , drop this affectation of address I as " m'sieur komarovsky '' . ( with dreadful emphasis , turn ) under the circumstance , it 's rather ridiculous . ( lara be aghast ) lara , | be determine to save you from a dreadful error . there be two kind of man ; and only two . that young man be one kind . he be " bighmind " . he be " pure " . he be the kind of man the world pretend to look up to and in fact despise . what be more , he be the kind of man who breed unhappiness . particularly in woman . do you understand ? lara ( angry , eye flash ) no komarovsky I think you do . there be another kind of man . not high - ' minded . not pure . but alive ... ( this flatter assess - ment of himself be make with some passion ) now , that you taste at this moment should incline towards the juvenile , be understandable . but for you to marry that boy be pure disaster . because - ( she cover she ear , he pull she hand away ) because , there be two kind of woman .... ( he let it sink in ) and you , as - we - well - know , be not the first kind .... her eye fill ; she. think it be true . then she hitshim . his eye shine . gently : you , my child , be a slut . lara ( passionate , despair ) Tam not ! komarovsky let 's see . he lunge at she wrapping she in he arm . a shockingly elemental struggle begin as , fight wildly , she be borne across the room . 4687 close shot . they foot ; she 's lift from the floor . 468 close shot . lara be throw on a sofa with real force . 469 470 471 472 473 474 475 476 477 89 close up . lara . she raise she head but be immediately pin pack . komarovsky loom over she ; start to kiss she . she violently twist and turn . the kiss continue . gradually , now in big close up , the violence subside . his mouth find hers . she become quite still . . CUT big close up , the darken outline of a gas bracket . the mantle plop into light . close shot . a upright dress mirror , . reflected in it the prone leg and torso of lara , still as a corpse . komarovsky '' step into the reflection adjust he appearance . he look gloomy , — brood , almost ashamed . he give a last savage tug to he tie and go leave the reflection of lara . close shot . komarovsky turn at the door . komarovsky . . and do not delude yourself that this be rape . ' that would flatter we both . ' close shot . the heap of clothing stir . lara sit up . her face be tear- stain but she eye be dry and fierce with the unconscious ferocity of a lioness - not forcedly fierce like a huraan be . close shot . the door shut . we see the distort figure of komarovsky go off down the passage . big close up . lara listen to the recede footstep . she be think too , come to a decision . on SOUND a drumbeat com - mence , lurchingly . big close up . the lock on the door . CUT ( drumbeat continuous ) interior hallway komarovsky's apartment studio night winter medium shot . Inside the empty hallway of komarovsky 's prosperous bachelor home shoot towards the frost - giass front door , 's lara 's shadowy outline appear , raise its hand and give three loud rap on the knocker . on SOUND the bark of a dog . 478 475 / 480 481 90 ( revise 19.2.65 ) exterior '' osco : strebt dusk winter-snof close si0t . 0 ice the uccor stand lara , she transfer PA nistol tc she right hand and put it inside she muff . ser breath sreke in tre bitter cold . cehirnd ner nizht be fall in the street . '' edium close shot , the door be open by a elderly manservant . gn see lar he rrofessionally deferentizl expression lighten . manservast Tre master 's not at home , miss lara . lara ( uncommrehend , whisper ) not at hove ? manservant he 's go to the sventytskis ' Christmas Party . ( and as lara meve ) be you go there miss ? ( and as she do not answer ) do not say I tell you . lara no . ( a faint smile ) thank you , piotr . she go . camera stay on manservant whe watch she along the street . : " manservant merry Christmas iiss lara : CUT ( drumbeat cut ) interior ballrocm stedig or location xitht winter close tracking shct . yuri hold tcnyaa hand at the entrance to the cventytskis ' ballroom . yuri be turn back to they hostess whe be welcoming new guest with she huswand . yuri ( cheerfully ) thank you ! terry Christmas to you ! be and tonya , hand in hand , have turn about to return seasonal greeting to a fellow Guest , in the balircon of the sventytskis ' 's , . behind and beyond then we see the entrance irom the hallway , new guest arrive . yurl and tomya rosume they reranbulation of the dance fiser but on scundd a heavy voice : 451 91 . ( revise 19.2.65 ) continue komabovsky ( scurd ) nerry Christmas , yuri andreyevics . tonya look first , something in the veice alarming she . then yuri . scene numezer 482 to 485 CUT . 486 487 438 close tracking shot . they Pov . komarcvsky seat in a alceve onen off the dance flocr . he be partner ty trree gistinguish lccle man , cne in Court uniform , he be form a fan with he card as he look at yuri with a mezsure , contenptuous glance . close tracking shot . yuri and tonya . yuri look at he a moment , cow a bit stiffly . a waltz start up ; he lead tonys on the the floor and they begin to cance . she look hack at kumarovsky then up 2t yuri . tonya what a nasty look man ... , CUT exterion slum STREET lccation night winter-snch close tracking shct , lara walk through a slum market light ly nanthe flare , the polite music and chatter of the party replace by a strident cin . camera pah as she turn a corner into a side alley , the din dininishiug . 3 489 490 491 492 483 494 495 92 close shot . astreet WALKER . lean against a ltamp - post in foreground of picture . in background lara approach . as she draw level the STREET . WALKER give what look to lara like a smile of complicity ; she almost run out of picture . STREET WALKER look after she . . : long shot . lara hurry away round another corner . close tracking shot . lara , she muff clasped tightly to she , be now in a quiet and highly respectable street , where decorous festivity be glimpse behind tall light window . her head turn from side to side , lift , look to Heaven for some eleventh - hour reprieve . more and more distress she slow , she stop ; she lean against a wall look abandon , childish , unable to cope . on SOUND we hear footstep approach from the opposite direction a man 's figure cross foreground of picture . the sound of he -footstep slow : . ' close shot . pasha come to a halt and turn look 's at : close shot . his Pov . ' lara , in deep shadow , she head turn away from he . . close shot . pasha . camera pan with he as he approach hesitantly , but when he speak he voice be severe as well as : concerned . . pasha a. . lara ...? what 's the matter one glance tell he that he appear at this moment be for she a shocking disaster . she step aff . camera pan . he over - take and arrest she . close shot . pasha and lara . ( his face dark . hard : ) we have a appointment this evening , lara . where be you go ? ( he take in she smart costume ) lara ( between a whisper and a wail ) have not you read the letter ? I leave you a letter . . - pasha I have not be home . I be go home now . he jerk he head unconsciously in the direction he be take . lara nod she head vigorously at this , look at he for a second , tear herself away and set off again . camera track back as he follow at she elbow , alarmed and angry : : i 495 ° 496 497 498 499 500 501 93 continue pasha ( cont ) : where be you go - ? I have a right tolmow ! what 's in this letter ? . he hold she by the arm and make she stop . ' his face and voice suddenly express chilly apprehension . . lara , what 's in this letter ? ( he falter ) lara ... be you .... break ...? . lara it 's all in the letter . pasha lara ... what be ? lara ( with sudden depth ) ' everything . ( and as she try to draw away and he hang on to she , with sudden ferocity : ) do not ! . S and go . pasha look after she . half turn to go towards he home . but drumbeat , ominous . he look back after : medium shot . lara hurry towards acorner . she turn it . medium shot . pasha walk swiftly after she . camera track back as he approach the corner and pan with he as he round it into a medium shot over he shoulder . he stop . lara have go . music come from the first house in the street , the sventytskis ' . sleigh stand in the street outside . close shot . pasha . camera track back as he walk enquiringly towards the house . medium tracking shot . his Pov . a few late guest ascend the step , momentarily silhouett by the light from the double door throw open to receive they . as camera approach closer a footman close one door , be about to close the other , but peer out into the night and make a contemptuous gesture of dismissal at : close shot . pasha , lean and threadbare , stand look back at he . : medium shot . footman close the door . suddenly the light go out in the ballroom window . on SOUND a agitate babbie . a $ c2 5as 506 $ 07 scé $ c ) $d and 95 ( revise 15.2.65 ) nterior sallrou ? studio or location niglt '' eyiuy close tr07 . " och 's ! " and '' ah 'ss " of tleasure and sureur cf ration ss tonya and half a dozen cther yours gie with long taper light tne candle of tue christsas Tree in the ballroam . it , tonya , taver in hand , see : der * ov . lara be pele face light by candlelight , in tne shadow . she std toya have tad a momentary secret confrontution , the ballroom light go up on lara' facs . clisr and laugiter . close ge gi. koharovsky play , jeans forward to watch the fall.of the card . spread out he remain hard . ine ether thre : in theirs . komarovsxy grin wolfishly , note down the scove . music start . lara skirt the dance - floor , search , keep the the wall , muff reld sigh against she peart as if toe '' still the pcand there . guest self -occupy . yuri and toxya aance . towya . yuri ; there 's a extraordinary girl at this party . y yuar I know , ith with she . lose shot , sokarovsky and he frierd nrlay in intense silence , oblivious to everything . madame svehtyiski sail past they onto the middle of the floor , make a1 arr 's - length gesture to the orcaestra with she run , 1£ roguiso , hel£ imperious , and at the signal , orchestra leader bresk off the dance on a granu cuord . gullis agreently startle , take to they hostess for the cxpianation , yupi anc toxnya among the . the rise ta»ble of curiesity cut inte by : 96 . ( revise 19,2.65 ) . sc9 continue madahe svextytski silence everybody ! silence please ! medium shct . the camera pan with madame sventytski as she sail across the ileor towards yuri and tonya . ko ! hol linsist on silence ! guest obligingly shush one another into silence , yuri and tonya puzzle and curious like the rest . but the slightly too menage nestess take they by the hand . in the silence : komarovsky ( scund ) feur spade . ' cherus ef sh-sh ! scene humber $ 10 to 521 CUT . 522 medium shot . through @ gap of stare neople komarovsky ang he companicn jock up with some embarrassment . . $ 23 close €hot . madame sventytski nold yuri and tonya - by the hand . ; : madall sventytsexi ] have a very delightful announcement to make - 5 . tonya ( alarm ) oh Madame sventytski - yuri ( smiling ) yes , why not ? madame sventytssi Ana ! 1 have to anneunce : thet Dr. yuri Zhivage - ( murrur of pleasure from guest ) - yes , Doctor shivago - he come third in all hescor - = ( avplause in which tonya vigerously jcin the yuri be pieasure ) now listen ! Dr. shivago be betrothed in marriage to - pistol shot roar . 824 lowg shot . the whole dance floor , guest and servant , a frezen tableau . tocal silence . then the souna of @ chair be push back on wooden tloer . 525 526 527 528 529 530 531 532 533 534 97 close shot . komarovsey rise slowly from the table , clutching he wrist , incredulous . he glare with rage and fear at : close shot , lara , still hold the pistol , white to the lip , tremble , but in she eye again the leonine anger . the pistol slip from she finger . close up . the pistol fall to the floor with a clatter . close shot , komarovseky look at the pistol . on SOUND a wave of indignation sweep the guest . he turn he head . long shot . the guest swoop from every side towards the scene , a genteel mob . close shot . a group of men close on lara ; she be seize with unnecessary roughness . close shot . komarovsey , grip he now ploody wrist , . paralyse , surround by a flutter of tmeffectual concern . sventytse ! push through with . yuri '' . sventytsei my dear Victor ! my dear man ! komarovsey ( not move , grind between he tooth ) get she out . : close up . lara , the terrible crisis past , hold like a young : animal , be near fainting . : . sventytski ( SOUND ) - what -? . komarovsky ( SOUND ) get she out ... get she out ! close up . . tonya stare at lara with pity , horror , fascination . sventytski ( SOUND ) yes , yes . I will get the Police . komarovsky ( SOUND ) no , not the Police ! medium shot . camera shoot down on the group around komarovsky and lara , I do not want the Police ! 1 - just - want = you - to get she ouT ! 534 535 536 537 538 539 540 . §41 542 543 98 continue the essential coarseness and power of the man be audible in this moment of uncontrol . a awkward silence fall . yuri examine the wound . . yuri it 's quite superficial . madame sventytsei oh thank God ! there be the sound of a scuffle anda shout from the far end of the rcom . all head turn . : long shot . pasha have thrust he way through a pair of flunkey at the door . he walk quite swiftly though tensely across the desert dance floor . camera pan with he into medium shot as he approach the group . ' not only he weirdly incongruous appearance make he formidable , it be evident he know what he be do , that he despise everybody present , that this be no gesture but deadly earnest . he walk to lara without hesitation , the man hold she brace themselves . sventytski ( Quick and low ) let she go . close shot . pasha and lara . the man reiease she . pasha take she arm . shetotter . hebracesher . look at : close shot . komarovsky absorb in he wound , tremble . yuri , back to camera , examine it . close shot . lara and pasha . he look at she , hard and unfriendly . then , with a glance around the silent gape face , begin to move she away . : ' close up . yuri , look over he shoulder , watch . medium close shot . '' the crowd of guest parting to let pasha and lara through . close up . tonya , she eye follow : / a close up . lara be lead through the crowd . close up . tonya , inexplicably fascinate . | / & oo " 544 545 / 551 _ 9 medium shot . pasha lead lara through the fringe of the crowd out across the dance floor to the door . on SOUND the hubbub start afresh . dissolve interior sventytsei bathroom ' studio night medium shot . a large old - fashioned bathroom off the sventytskis ' bedroom . yuri doctor komarovsky 's hand , while host and hostess listen . it seem that fright have chasten he again : ' -komarovsky ( quiet , a bit shaky ) the girl bear I a grudge . to be honest , not without grounds . she be a political enthusiast . I be instru - mental in the prosecution of she brother . he get the maximum sentence . some of the evidence enter by the Police be - questionable . I doubt if she 's right in the head . no , t'wo not be party to any further persecution of she . . sventytsei se . but a hundred people see it - the Police be bound to act . komarovsky ( a quiet smile ) leave the Police to I , will you ? ' madame sventytsei ( breathe admiration ) well I cali that generous ! komarovsky felicitata , I have all but ruin you delightful party . do see if you can salvage it . not : madame sventytski ( warmly ) of course ! ( host and hostess rise ) sventytski yuri , you be sure ...? yuri . it 's quite superficial . ce 100 545 / continue 551 the sventytskis go . yuri , shirtsleeve , seat , continue quietly busy with komarovsky 's hand . komarovsky , shirt - sleeve , seat , wonder how to deal with he , at length say quietly , almost timidly : ~ ~~ komarovsky - 5 we destiny seem interwoven , do not they ? yuri yes ...? komarovsky I be a close friend , of you father 's . yuri ( taken a bit by surprise , glance up ) I know you be he business partner . komarovseky ( with modest dignity , ignore the snub ) Rather more than that ..... ( softly ) I be present at he death .... ( as one who shake oif 'a sad memory ) I also have contact with you brother . yuri ( really surprised now ) yevgraf ? ekomarovsky well , I should say I have contact with that who be in contact with he . oh I do not agree with bolshevism - thank you , you seem to know you trade . - ( he roll down he sleeve on the neat bandage ) - but I can admire the bolsheviks , as man . ( seriously : ) shall I tell you why ? oy yuri ( intrigue ) yes ? komarovsky ( mime a elaborate look to see that they be not overhear . then : ) they may win . . the wry self - mockery be nicely do . yuri smile , komarovsky give a soft , frank laugh . then : 101 545 / continue 551 yuri T would like to meet he - he send I a marvellous letter - he like my poetry . uo komarovsky ( his face soften ) yes ? that would have pleased you father ..-- ( gently ) he be not 2 bad man , yuri . ( deprecate ) if I may call you yuri . yuri ( Troubled ) T hardly new he . komarovsky no ... ( he seem to hesitate , then : ) you will perhaps not credit this , but ... he be devote to you mother . yuri be more troubled still . this be a area in which he be very vulnerable and komaroveky 's tone have be perfect . look at he , ' wonderingly . ' as one who feel he have go as far as be decent ; briskly : ss oe komarovsky well ...! ( he take a cigar from the pocket of a coat hang on the bathroom wall . say off - handedly : ) I suppose I may continue to rely on you ( light the cigar ) professional discretion ? yuri 's expression change . he lock bitterly angry , 25 he under - stand how he have be play . yuri ( softly ) o - 0-00h ..- he get up , go quickly and run a tap over he hand . his back turn , say : ' you mean , will I tell anyone the truth about - that girl ? = 102 545 / continue 551 552 553 yet 554 komarovsky ( watch he narrowly ) that 's what I mean , yes . yuri ( drying he hand ) you may continue to rely on my professional etcetera . . komarovsky ( freed from fear , can answer contempt with contempt ) you be fastidious , be not you ? yuri go for he coat , which bring he near to komarovsky . he say , in a tone doubly insulting for be clinical rather than indignant , as though komarovsky be some bacterial infection : yuri : what happen to a girl like that ? when 2 man like — you have finish with she ? komarovsky interested ? ( the word exhales cigar smoke over yuri , who blink ) I give : - she to you . yuri you should not smoke ; you have have a shock . he take the cigar from komarovsky 's mouth , as gently as withdraw a thermometer and toss it into : close up . the toilet . close up komarovsky 's eye snap . komarovsky . I give she to you , yuri andreyevich . ( take he coat , go turn , add viciously like a curse ) wedding present . close up . yuri look after he . ccut wee 555 556 557 556 559 103 . interior - pasha' room studio night medium shot , lara enter pasha 's little room , dark and austere as a monk 's cell . she be follow in by pasha . the wedge of feeble light show a letter lie on the floor . lara pick . it up . pasha give I that . lara ( obey , but plead ) please do not read it , pasha , please ... pasha , you would petter sit down . he take the letter over to a chair and table by the window , pick up a box of match and light : close shot . a candle in the frost window . the camera 4s shoot from outside . in foreground we see the blurred image of pasha sit at the table and open the envelope , in background lara sit ona small ped . the candle warm a small eye - hole in the frost . as this expands it show we bright and clear , through the clear glass , the letter in pasha 's tremble hand and lara watch he fearfully . the hole in the frost gradually expands to the size ofasaucer . a bell toll , and be join by all the bell of the City in Christmas carillon . pasha finish the letter and turn to lara . somehow she sustain he gaze but when he rise , go and stand over she she flinch . shake the letter he shout a question . '' ' dumbly she nod . he look incredulous at thé letter in he hand . shout another question . again she nod . he lift he hand to strike she . . close shot . ( Inside the room ) lara close she eye and wait the blow . itdoe not come . then he sit on the bed , he back to she ; we hear he groan of bank - down emotion . lara raise she head , look at : : . . exterior moscow STREET location winter-snow close shot . , the candle in fhe -~window .. the camera track forward into a close up of the melt eye~hole . then pan down - ward into the street . a sleigh be pass below . close tracking shot . yuri and tonya in the sleigh . both look abstract . yuri turn jook upwards . 560 561 562 563 104 medium close shot . track from yuris Pov . the candle in the window . close tracking shot | yuri and tonya tonya ( softly , poignantly : ) yuri , ( he turn ) where have you geen that girl before ? yuri ( smiling sympathetically at she jealousy ) ' what make you think I have see she before ? tonya ( look at he ) have not you ? - yuri yes . tonya . where ? yuri , sl T be not suppose to say . it be on a case . not very nice . her mother - : . tonya . no , do not tell I ; if you be not suppose to say ... yuri take she sad and gentle profile , turn : it gently towards himself . he kiss she . after a moment she respond urgently . CUT interior pasha' room studio . =o night close shot . the eye -hole in the window as see from out - " side . Beyond in medium shot , pasha and lara as before . he stir . she look with dawn hope . he have put he hand out behind he . hesitantly she take it . he whip round , clutches she to he - self desperately . but somehow , it be he head which be on she shoulder , she who be comforting he , mote like mother and child than lover . dissolve exterior belfry location day summer close shot . a pair of gild bell tumble in a belfry . a nuptial carillon . 564 565 566 567 565 / 570 571 572 573 ws e405 exterior gromekostreet day summer close shot . a priest raise he hand . it be not a bridal pair he bless but : medium long shot . a military parade in the gromeko ' street . the camera be shoot over the back of the priest who stand cn church step . long shot . the 1914 soldier slog along beneath tsarist standard , lead by mount officer and a brass band . eight abreast they pass in a flutter of handkerchief and raise hat . patriotic lady and gentleman fill the balcony and line the pave - ment . medium close shot . on the gromekos ' balcony be serious uncertain face , no. patriotic fervour . from here the parade with its wobble banner be reminiscent of the demonstrator . anna be ina bath - chair now . tonya carryingababy boy . yuri , older . . y , close tracking shot . | a colossal banner - portrait of the Tsar ~ towards the tail of the procession . seneath tt walk a little flock of volunteer in varied civilian dress , some earnest , some drunk , some plain seedy . as other step from the pavement to join they there be applause and they be welcome with a pat on the back and a shake of the hand by one or two recruiting sergeant . close shot . in foreground of picture stand a man in black tarpaulin coat fastened with a rope , no shirt , bare - chest . his face be away from camera watch the procession march past in background . he turn he head .. itis yevgraf . on SOUND he narration begin : ' yevgraf ( SOUND ) : in bourgeois term it be a war between the ally and . Germany . in bolshevik term it be a war between the ally and . the germarupper class : and which of they win be a matter of indifference . astonishingly , he step off the pavement , camera panning with he , and join the volunteer . . close shot . a little group of people on the pavement applaud he . close tracking shot . yevgraf march in the rank . iwas order by the party to enlist , I give my name as petrov . ( a particularly loud burst of shouting ) they be shouting for Victory all over Europe ; praying for ak 573 574 575 576 continue yevgraf ( cont ) Victory - to the same God . my task , the Party 's task , be to organise defeat . . recruiting sergeant give he a pat on the back and handshake . he accept both without a flicker . from defeat would spring the Revolution . and the Revolution would be Victory - forus . the Party look to the conscript peasant . close tracking shot . his Pov . the back of the heavily jaden soldier tramping along ahead of he . _ most of they wear they first good pair of boot . camera pan down to they march foot . when the boot wear out they would be ready to listen . close tracking shot . yevgraf . raise he eye , look ahead . . when the time come I be able to take three battalion with I out of the Front line . the best day 's work I ever do . so . a well - dress lady kiss yevgraf 's hand and give he flower . he give she a pale smile as : but for the moment there be nothing to be do . there be too many volunteer . ( sardonic ) like I . ( Rather sadly ) I sometimes wonder why there be so many volunteer . | dissolve . exterior country village location day summer medium shot . pasha , carry a tiny dark - haire girl , hold lara by the hand , both silent , walk along the dusty road of a small rustic towh towards camera . we see mongolian horse tethere , hen , a asiatic - looking peasant with a flock of geese . mostly it be mere hysteria . but there be man with better motive , man who see the time be critical and want a man 's part . c 576 577 578 579 107 continue pasha hand the child to lara , go into a recruiting booth cover - with crudely patriotic anti-German poster . a recruiting sergeant go inside the dark interior with pasha leave lara , - back to camera in foreground . yevgraf ( cont ) good man waste . the man 's part lay in the Party , then as always . ( his voice change from the chillingly dogmatic to the oddly tender : ) unhappy man too . unhappy in they job - : , close shot . lara and child wait , look more than distress at he go , look whipped . unhappy with they wife . doubting themselves . happy man do not volunteer ... , cuUT interior hospital ward studio night winter medium shot . yuri and nursing sister walk through a huge , ill - light ward of 2 Moscow Hospital . they come toa halt in close shot , yevgraf over , ona note of relief : they wait they turn and thank God if they age , or work , delay it . medium close shot . Pov yuri . his patient be all man , all with bandage wound , cover with uniform blanket , some with Army greatcoat too , lie in bed and on the floor between the bed . the one who get back home at the price of anarm , or a eye , ora leg , this be the lucky one . cuT ' exterior trench location day winter - snowing 580 " 581 long shot . the unlucky one be strung up , dead , on the frost wire entanglement of the Russian Front in Winter . nothing move but thin snowfall . : close shot one of the hang dead . he be freeze rock -hard . crystal of white ice cover he face as they cover he clothes . 582 583 584 - 108 close shot . the leg , shoulder , and twisted arm of a man protrude from a water - fill shellhole . '' the surface of the water freeze in fanciful pattenn . yevgraf ( SOUND ) ( cont ) even comzade lenin underestimate both the anguish of that nine-hundred - mile - long Front - medium close shot . along the parapet of a freeze trench be man or more corpse . we can not see which for they be perfectly still and the snow fall indifferently on both . one of they stir ; settles , hopelessly . - and out curse capacity for suffer . slow dissolve exterior trench ' location day winter -snow long shot . a different part of the Front . one massive sheet of iron- hard snow andice . no wire . ( the freeze surface dip unbrokenly to form the wall and floor of a trench ) . a ground mist _ smoke tow over all in a faint moan wind . 585 566 587 by the second Winter of the War , the boot have wear out . but. the line still hold . medium panning to close shot . in the trench , man , sullen , rag , unshaven , look resentfully upwards . : the case they greatcoat fall to piece on they back . they ration be irregular . half of they go into action without arm , lead by man they do not trust - close shot . above the trench stand a smart young officer beautifully dress in full uniform , he back turn to we , carry a pistol . who might have be man froma different planet . on SOUND a distant angry shout . he whip round : officer come on you bastard :! close shot . , the man in the trench look up at he , unresponsive . 588 589 590 _ 591 592 593 594 595 596 597 596 109 long shot . look along the trench . more unresponsive man and other officer . a single figure climb out of the trench . it be : ~ . : close shot . pasha , now a regimental sergeant Major . yevgraf ( SOUND ) and that they do trust - pasha come on , comrade ! yevgraf ( SOUND ) - pay with they life to earn : that trust . medium close shot . reluctantly , man begin to climb from the trench . . . . close up . '' pasha pasha come on ....!! medium close shot . more man climb out . close shot . pasha gesture with he . arm , tumn and set off , camera tracking before he . medium shot . more and more climb : out , - bégin to run slowly after he . . medium tracking shot . ' camera tracking behind pasha as he run forward into the mist . a machine - gun begin to fire . close shot . pasha run , ecstatic . he laugh genuinely battle - crazy , shouting : pasha comrade ! earthshaker ! show they ! . medium tracking shot . camera tracking across the path of the oncoming man , excited now , run hard over the jron-hard . snow , shouting , stumbling in flap foot - gear , half without weapon or with club make out of lump of branch . a man go down , he rifle be snatch up as they sweep past . close tracking shot . pasha . on SOUND the crackle of small - arm fire and the wail of mortar shell . a fountain of black earth shoot up behind he . for a split second he face be illuminate as if by a brilliant flash - light . 599 600 601 / 603 604 605 110 medium ' shot tracking ( hand-held ) pasha' Pov . Black earth spring up out of the whiteness just ahead of he . the camera lurch over . medium shot . fountain of earth against the sky . long shot . Earth fall from the sky and spattering the snow . pasha ‘has go . the shouting falter . Men stand uncertainly waver . more small - arm fire . a man drop to the ground . the wail come again . . close shot , the officer . he shout : officer ( desperate ) keep move , lad ! medium shot . the man break and ron . * dissolve 606 607 medium close shot . a rain -swept trench , Men crouching dumbly , ankle deep in melting snow and water . visibility reduce to some thirty yard . the camera begin the crane slowly upwards through the downpour . yevgraf ( SOUND ) : at last they do what . all the army dream of do . they begin to go home . along the trench we see menrrise to they foot - and go . there be no extitement ; it be the consummation of something jong 's think about . : : a gradual thing at first . and resist desperately by the High Command . but that be the beginning of the Revolution . the camera , now in high - angle long shot , show the soldier grop across the piebald ground into the mist leave behind the trench litter with abandon weapon and garbage . dissolve . . exterior country road location day early spring high -angle long shot . a column of troops approach we on a dead straight road through agricultural country : the field be brown with occasional white patch , the remain of winter . snow - drift . . : os 608 609 610 611 612 613 614 615 616 617 ill medium tracking shot . the cotumn be lead by a beef - face colonel and he young 21c on horseback . other mount officer shepherd the tramping troops who be sullen - face , in a motley of regimental uniform , some without pack or rifle . at the rear , the transport waggon . . . close tracking shot . at the front of the big cover waggon with a Red Cross target on it , yuri sit . his uniform be stain ' and threadbare . he look along : long shot tracking . his Pov . the rise - fall head : of the column . it be ascend a hill . the CO and 21c have nearly reach its brow . close tracking shot . colonel and 21c crane in they saddle : long shot tracking . | they pov. cresting the brow we see the road continue through the same '. landscape and , approach we , a rag tatterdemalion crowd , roughly centre on some kind of waggon . behind they , straggler stretch to the horizon . close tracking shot . 2 ic alert and worried , colonel savagely contemptuous . . colonel deserter ..- close tracking shot . the waggon of deserter a score of shroud figure rock to its motion . ' other all about they on the road . that on the waggon number several wounded , other : who have they place by right of age and some by right of strength . we see old soldier , 2 wrinkle , mild - eye peasant , and bolshevik - a rather fine - face man with hard eye under a head bandage and with he arm in splint . he be look off , ahead . bolshevik replacement ... the figure seat by old soldier turn its head to look . close up tracking . itis lara . she be look at : long shot tracking . ' her Pov . the column crest the hill 's brow . . close tracking . shot . '' yuri rise , look towards the brow of the hill . . : 615 619 620 621 622 623 624 medium tracking shot . 112 the deserter around the waggon ~ " look ahead at the approachin gcolumn . uneasy , frighten face few of they be armed . some of they begin to break up and scatter into the field . close tracking shot . and shout : bolshevik come back ! stick together ! ! long shot . the column , head by the colonel and 2ic the bolshevik stand up beside lara enter foreground , the deserter down the road in background . the bolshevik have have he effect . the rabble stop : run through the field and begin : torretern.to : the-road . close tracking shot . colonel and 2 ic whio glance nervously at he senior 's blood - suffuse face . colonel muck .. human mick ... 21c¢ steady sir ; easy do it . medium tracking shot . and lara rivetted with minute bolshevik stick together and ready for they ! medium tracking shot . 21c ( bellow ) slo-o-ope , arm ! bolshevik , now seat again , gied horror and admiration . we will be alright . ( add ) and be the front of the column . the troops obey , keep step , left-right , military . ( low angle ) walk alongside the cart , close tracking shot . ( everybody , lara include , now look off towards the approach battalion whose tramp - tramp we can hear ) be a beard deserter . his finger crook and uncrook as he groan : : beard deserter T have not : get a gun . bolshevik assess he man . stoop , produce he rifle and give itto he . ~~ 624 625 626 627 628 629 630 631 632 633 634 635 636 113 continue bolshevik : here . be steady . close tracking shot . ( low angle ) colonel and 2ic . the CO be lock straight ahead of he as though nothing exist between he and the horizon , he jaw clamp . '' aie now steady sir , for God 's sake . long shot . the column and the deserter approach ° each other , now only some thirty yard apart , from either side of screen . close tracking shot . colonel and 2ic . the colonel be look covertly down he nose at : medium tracking shot . they Pov the rabble , almost underneath they hoof . will the rabble make way ? close up tracking . the colonel raise he eye to dead ahead . medium tracking shot . camera tracking behind and to the side of the colonel and the front of the column as it approach the deserter . at the last minute the leading deserter part , come to a standstill on either side of the road . in silence the troops march on through , the deserter make way as they come . close tracking shot . colonel and 21c . one look ahead , the other from side to side . medium tracking shot . they Pov . the deserter parting before they . medium tracking shot . camera shoot over the parting deserter in foreground straight on to the colonel and the marching column in background . long shot , the troops march on through . a static frieze of sullen , wonder or resentful face on either side of ' they . close tracking shot . a section of march troops . a occasional glance at : . close tracking shot . they Pov the deserter stand watch . 637 638 639 640 641 642 643 644 114 medium tracking shot . camera follow a section of troops march between the line of silent deserter . on SOUND a voice say : : deserter ( SOUND ) where be you go , Brothers ? eye flicker towards the speaker . another voice 52ys : 2nd deserter ( SOUND , sympathetic as. well as jeer ) cannonfodder .. . : again the rank flicker , one man lose he step . big close up . the old soldier . he call out with strange passion : . have . old soldier . turn round lad ! long shot . the battalion disappear into the rabble , CO and 21c almost through , but a swirl and a shouting develop . medium close shot . the deserter be physically force the troops from the rank , the troops more than half willing . deserter shouting . . close shot . more troops be pull trom the rank . deserter laugh and patting they back . . close shot . one of the troopers suddenly stop march ; call with fury as other pile up behind he : _ trooper will , tarn round , lad ! immediate uproar . medium shot . the colonel , furious , twist round to identify : the renegade . but a deserter kick he horse in the belly and he can barely control it . long shot . look back down the road from the head of the column . the troopers in front come toa halt and turn . pandemonium be break out at the back where troopers and deserter mingle indiscriminately . 115 645 / medium close shot . a screenful of troopers and desert - 647 648 649 650 651 ers . some shouting and wave fist , and other still laugh , excited , scared by what they have do . one or two troopers throw they weapon over the head of the crowd into the field , - other embrace . close shot . in the foreground of the picture be a large water - putt stand against a cattle shelter . in background the mob . a beautiful pair of riding boot climb up on the lid of the butt . on SOUND a loud pistol shot . the shouting . die , the laughter fade . troopers and deserter be look up at : medium shot . over the head of the man in the road we see that the boot on the - water - hutt belong to a young captain . he holster he pistol , smile round at the mob . he be a rakish young fellow , 4 ' natural leader " , one of that who '' find themselves '' in war . his stain uniform bear a award for gallantry . he cock he hat at a yet more rakish angle to show what kind of a chap he be , put he hand on he hip , and look round at he audience 4n comical suzprise . ' a little sheepish laughter from the more easily dupe immediately about he . he look down , stoops : - captain ' . where be you go , daddy ? a mumble gnonymous response . the captain straighten . close shot . ' the captain in profile , the man look up at he . Home ! ( he look they over , nod : ) good idea ! you . go home ! and give you trousers to you wife ! and let they come out here - and fight for you child ! a uproar of protest , but it have a resentful . guilty ring to it , not rage . he ride into its no ? who will then ? asilence . camera pan off the captain on to the elementary face look up at he . close shot . captain straighten he cap to show that the funny part be over . now listen lad ... | ( le point dramatically } ten mile up that road , be the Germans ! 651 652 653 654 655 656 657 658 659 660 116 continue , a voice calis something . he jump fm : : captain ( cont ) so a medium shot . look down on the crowd of man . . ( SOUND ) you have let they in ! but now a more ominous rise murmurbegin . they can not answer he argument but they can see where it will take they . close shot . the captain . : he ride into it , witha dramatic gesture to emphasise each period : they be come for you wife of at you house ... | you country ... ! close up , ' the bolshevik . the murmur be still rise . bolshevik - you country , Officer ! close up . the captain . murmur rise . he must almost shout , struggle to regain he mastery of they : '' captain . yes ! my country ! and proud of - he have strike a rhetorical stance and : close up . the lid of the water - butt rotate . close shot . in go the captain , all dignity and influence swamp . medium close shot . a screen full of violently laugh face . on SOUND a shot . the laughter stop . ° close shot . a searde deserter lower he rifle . '' close shot . the surface of the water butt . the buttock and leg of the cerpse rotate quite slowly , appear , roll over and submerge peacefully . - 661 662 863 664 / 865 666 667 665 - 669 670 671 673 674 675 117 close up . lara stare at this . on SOUND the wild disturbing double - beat of swan fly . startle she look up at : medium shot . the swan flash over the cattle - shelter roof and away from it all . close up . yuri look at they . on SOUND pandemonium break out . . long shot . officer be rush and drag from they horse , use they pistol as they fall . close panning shot . the 2 ic , still mount , desperately - sabre he way througir the chaos towards the side of the road . close shot . lara watch this , horrify . medium close shot . 2 ic manage to break through off the road . camera pan with he as he start a furious gallop across open country . : . close up . lara watch he . on SOUND a shot . long shot . her Pov . the 2 ic still go hard . on SOUND another shot . he keep go . two shot , and down he come . — close up . lara , on SOUND some langhter and cheer . she turn back to the road . . . medium long shot . one man alone raise prominently above the sway mob , its still mount . the colonel . he sit bolt upright , parade - ground fashion in he splendid uniform . - one hand hold the rein , the other negligently at he side . as he horse edge forward the man find themselves reluctantly give way ; ' , the mob noise diminish . close tracking shot . the colonel 's blood - suffuse face be set in a tense malignant glare ; he know that he life hang by the thread of he habitual authority . he gtare down at : close tracking shot . his Pov . the man stare pack at he equally tense , with open hatred , make way more and more reluctantly . the noise diminish further . medium long shot . the pandemonium cease . every head js turn 'to where the colonel edge forward , the mob thick before he . 676 677 678 679 680 661 682 683 684 118 close shot . ' yuri watch the trial of will , fascinate . know that froublé must come , he get lightly down from he waggon . that about he glance briefly at he Red Cross armilet , tarn away to watch . : medium shot . the colonel , breathe hard now , he horse go forward by inch . still the man dare not attack he , but they will not get out of he way and that behind press forward . the. horse be literally shoulder the man aside . one go down . he eries out . a immediate rise murmur : swell to.a : roar cand : close shot . a soldier seize the colonel 's foot , and with a terrific heave send he sailing out of the saddle . medium shot . the colonel fall on the far side of he horse jnto a sea of roazing and laugh man . they fling he like a massive doll , from hand to hand , to hand , to hand . he fall and 's disappear . rifle butt be raise . a terrible scuffle and pound begin . . close up . lara transfix . on SOUND the laughter disappear from the roar . medium close shot . a screenful of savagely shouting and sway man , all struggle like schoolboy to be in on the kill . then one of they rise , hold up the colonel 's epaulette . his face be fix in a frantic grin . then he expression change : medium shot . his Pov . ' lara stand on the waggon , stare down at they all , appal . on SOUND the noise modulate . medium shot . lara 's Pov . more and more man look up at she in guilty silence . close up . lara as before . 685 / medium shot . the men , silent now , look up at lara . 667 668 the man with the epaulette throw they away , push through the mob . other follow suit . the movement become general , the whole screenful lurching away in the direction of desertion , ' faster and fastez , push one another , some still defiant , some laugh , other guilty and sheepish . dissolve long shot . . soldier and deserter alike now , stream back over the brow of the hill ina disorderly stream . 11 . ( revise 19.2.65 ) 689 close shot . yuri push nis way through the tail end of the seserter . stop and stare at : 690 medium long i8ot . his Pov . lara be stand among the " debris " about twenty yard away , stunne . distant gunfire . . yuri walk towards she . at he foot one of the prone figure groan , roil onto its back . yuri be arrest . we stoops . the figure be the bolshevik . yuri leok up at : he Pov , lara yuri be you a nurse ?. lara ( faintly ) yes . yuri ( almost curtly ) be you all right ? lara ( nore strongly ) yes . yuri then help I . dissolve scene numgsers 69 ! to 698 CUT . 699 700 701 702 703 120 exterior country road location sunset early spring long shot horizontal . the waggon pass a tow of tree . silhouett against the redden sky we see yuri emerge from the interior and pat the driver 's ' shoulder . he pull up the horse . close up . a soldier lie on a stretcher on the floor of the waggon . as it jolt to a halt he wince and moan with pain . yuri 's foot hurry by . the soldier follow he with he -eye . on SOUND the noise of the tail - board be lower with a crash . close shot . yuri assist lara to descend . she say , rather breathless : , lara Doctor , I ought to tell you ; I be nota train nurse , I be a volunteer . . yuri I see .. he be support the tailboard horizontally on its chain . he look at she . . why do you volunteer ? lara | I come out to find my busband . yuri ( look inside the wageon ) very gently . : close shot . old soldier and another be slide the groan man along the floor . : close shot . " yuri and lara . yuri ( to lara ) have you ever see a operation ? lara yes . yuri : we will manage . the stretcher come out on the tailboard . dissolve 704 121 exterior country road studio night close shot . night . yuri be carry out a operation on the man , use the tailboard as a operate table . and old soldier hoid lantern for he . he be watch from within by such of the wounded as be conscious , and surround by a ring of casual deserter stand in the road . . they primitive face wince instinctively at this long -drawn , meticulous manipulation of human tissue . on SOUND footstep at 2 shuffle run approach . yuri be utterly absorb , he nose inch from he work , he face absorb and selfless . 705 706 lara watch yurt 's face . on SOUND the footstep approach and stop . Ali but lara turn . from the darkness : voice ( breathless ) ' , they're in the next village , Brothers ..- the Germans . a general murmur and stir . old soldter 's lantern lurch . old soldier you honour - yuri no , keep still . his voice , so inecongruously mild , crisp , abstract , have -more effect than a shout command . they turn instinctively back to he for a beat ; then begin to break away im silence . : close up . lara . she look at he with double interest . have he simply not hear the alarming news ? . dissolve close shot . yuri apply himself with special delicacy to the conclude stitches of the wound , straighten himself almost reluctantly . behind he the road be now empty except for lara and old soldier . the occasional gunfire seem nearer . look with deep pleasure at what he have do ; say to lara : yuri that 's not bad , be it ? lara ( smile at he ) I do not know . it look marvellous to I - 122 ( revise 19.2.65 ) 706 continue they smile freely at one another , relieved and triumphant . then he smile fade . reaching for a2 bandage : yur . do you find you husband ? lara no. ' old scldier you honour - yuri ( bandage ) ' yes ; we would better be off . dissolvs exterior country road location day spring 707 long shot . the waggon on the road and a procession before and after of deserter and refugees . the field now haze with green , sunshine , white cloud - a change of climate , terrain and mood . 708 lara be érink from 4 water - bottle , she throat muscle move . lower the pettle she find that she be : 709 be wateh by yuri . 710 / lara be not annoyed cr flustered ( she know whatever 718 else he be deing he be not ogling she ) but she isa bit amused and very curious . she make to speak , think better of it , look away from hin , cortke the bottle , but then , look pack , zlmost apologetic : lara . you lock ct I 2s though you know not . ( since he deea not deny it , a dit surprised ) do you ? yuri : I have see you , ( she tilt she heed} . four | year ago . Christmas eve. : she work it out . realize . 710 / 715 123 ( revise 19.2.65 ) continue lara oh ... tere you there ? {fe nod , once . she look away . ith 2 mouse dryness but scftiy : ) no wonder you look 2t I . ( then lock et hin with more edge : ) do you know - Victor komarovsky ? yuri yes 1 do . lara : : oh . ( she leok down , colour ) yuri ( steadily ) the young man who take you away - «.- lara my husband . * yurt lot of courage . lara ( look up ; trust he ! whisper fervent : ) yes . . yurt - ke make the rest of we look very feeble . ( she nod enthusiastically , not want or mot able to streak , yuri slowly ) as a matter of fact ... I thoucht you both do ... ( she look at he herd ) good man to shoot at . lara , I would give anything ... never to have meet hin . she look away again over the field of infant wheat . dissolve 716 71 % 718 719 720 721 722 723 124 / 727 124 exterior country cross -road ' location day summer : medium shot . a line of poplar tree in full leaf against blue sky . camera pan downward disclose a avenue between grass ~ green wheat field where the procession of refugee have come to 2 halt . fire have be light and everybody be sprawle out in the shade of the tree or under they vehicle . the pan continue into a close shot of lara wash up mug and plate by the side of the Red Cross waggon and end on a close up of yuri , lie on he back in the grass , look up at : . medium shot . his Pov . the top af the poplar , they leave shimmer in the summer breeze . close up . yurl on sound a important hoot . he lazily turn he head . longshot . his Pov . the procession continue up to a T - shape cross road where @ command post have be set up , and _where the head of another procession join it . the hoot come from 2 little van approach along the third road . close shot . the command post . semi-civilian official with arm -band check papers and take particular from run refugees . the van pull up . ' a man in the -back cut the string of a‘massive wad of broadsheet , dump a handful on to the command post table , and the van drive off . on SOUND excited eager voice as refugee crowd in to grab the sheet . : medium shot . from halfway down the road towards yuri we see the van approach and hoot with excitement . the man in the pack be throw out broadsheet to the refugee on either side of the road . they rise to they foot to pick up the papers form a buman bow - wave behind the van . : close shot . camera pan with yuri who rise to he foot and step out into the toad . he catch one of the broadsheet as the van pass by . close shot . old soldier have also catch a broadsheet . he turn it round and about , hopelessly . he can not read . close shot . yuri give the content of he broadsheet . to the other , all include lara , listen avidly with various degree of comprehension . old soldier do not take it in at all , look to lara . 125 724 / continue 727 728 123 yuri the Tsar 's in prison .-- lenin 's in Moscow -.- Civil War have start . . bolshevik ( Bangs he fist on the waggon side ) good ! lara Civil War - good ? bolshevik ( Delight make he almost amiable ) not good , comrade nurse - jnevitable . but lenin in Moscow ...! ( he be as radiant as a Christian at the second come ) old soldier ( to lara , timidly ) this lenin - will he be the new Tsar then ? bolshevik ( take he by the shoulder with loving ferocity ; very move ) listen daddy , no more Tsar . no more Masters . only worker - in a Worker 's State .. how about that ? a official have approach the fringe of the group and now he speak : : official be there a Doctor with this unit ? yuri yes ? official follow I please . out interior hospital studio day summer long shot . the hall of a big country house be fill with about a hundred and fifty wounded , attend listlessly by peasant women . . exterior hospital location day summer medium shot . frame by the open front door we see the courtyard where the Red Cross waggon be pull up . yuri —— ss se 729 continue dismount and follow the official up the step and past camera as lara climb down from the waggon . ° 730 close shot . lara . she look about at : : 731 mediumshot . undera tree : lie more wounded and sick . interior hospital studio day 732 closeshot . yuri and official . yuri come toa standstill look around the hall as lara come through the front door in the background . — yuri ( appall , but low : ) I can not deal with this ... official orde of the provisional government . ( he slap a paper into yuri 's hand ) you will have to try , friend . he turn and go . lara take he place beside yurl also '' look around . they both stand for a moment , then he move forward . 733 reverse shot . yuri walk away down the hall . lara follow . . - : dissolve interior gromeko library studio night 134 / medium shot . alexander and tonya sit by lamplight , 737 with the curtain d-awn . she be read a letter ; he be listen and look at she . tonya " if you could see how hard we have be work here I know you would forgive I , dear , for not write more regularly - " a alexander ' when be that write ? tonya July the twentieth . ' oe a 734 / continue 737 alexander eight week . ( he shake he head ) tonya a " 2 but now the War seem really to have stop , the hospital be empty and I shall have more time . I may even get time to write some verse if I have not forget how to '' ( softly ) oh , ido hope so ... " larissa antipova be still here " . : : - alexander flash she a covert look beneath he brow . perhaps she pause fractionally , fractionally straighten she back , butshe — read smoothly on with a calm brow . '' and I admire she more . and more . I think she have that gift of heal which doctor do not believe in . she often do the wrong thing and it always seem to work out right . ( New paragraph in the letter ) how ts uncle Alex ? can he still get English tobacco ? '' . alexander ( grumbling , pleased ) / would that he could ? m , tonya . : " can sasha say he letter yet ? and how ... " ( a pause . she look up , say : ) " how be aunty Anna ... " oo ~ . : . alexander look at he foot , rub he ankle . over SOUND . — ( SOUND ) . : poe he have not get my letter . . the . alexander shake he head . ( SOUND ) . " most of all my dearest , how be you ... 2 " she scan the last paragraph , she face soft . the rest be for I . a alexander ( rise , bravely dispassionate ) curiously ' upsetting that he do not know she 's dead . can not see what difference it make . qutside a shot , another , more , machine - gun , finally the boom of a artillery piece . alexander be suddenly furious : 734 / 737 738 / 741 128 ( revise 19.2.65 ) continue alexander : they be at it again ! I do wish they would decide ( pause ) once and for all ( pause ) which band of hooligan constitute the governmen . of this country . dissolve exterior hospital location day autumn medium shot . the courtyard again , frame in the open door . gola and red leave lie under the tree . yuri stand by a waggon load with bedding while the driver laboriously sign a receipt for it and hand it back to yuri . yuri come towards door as waggon drive off , and two inmate emerge past canera bear another dismantle bed which they carry to 2 second waggon . on the. step , in the Autumn sunshine , sit old soldier , deject . as yuri enter , see this : yuri ( softly ) cheer up sergei . ( old soldier turn a woebegone face to he ) do not you want to go home ? — old soldier there 's fight at home you honour ; and I have have enough ... Red Guards and White Guards the old gan 's have enough . yuri neds he head in understanding and sympathy , move on . old soldier call sfter he : you honour be @ kind gentleman ! and after reflection add : and the nurse be a kind lady ! CUT 742/ 747 129 . ( revise 19.2.65 ) interior kitchen and passagenay studio day medium seot . lara be irone in the kitchen . yurt enter a passneeway line with servant " bell . camera pan with he as he enter a kitchen , here lara be irone in '' flood of late afternoon sunlight , the dam clothes almost transparent in it where they hang on mziden , she herself with a aureole , the steam which rise from she iron incandescent . by contrast the rest of the reom be in black shadow though a high - light flash from another can of flower . yuri sit in the shadow and be swallow . he watch she move - ment in the sunlight , listen to the thumping of she trun . then : , yuri Su , in 2 couple of week you will be with you little girl . lara if 1 can set on 2 train . another pause . she say : - I want to be with katya more than anything in the world . she stop speak ; it seem that she have finish . from the dark : . - '' ~e ' 130 to 742 / continue 47 . yuri ( mildly ) yes of course .. lara but now that we be go I feel sad . ( the last word not quite clear ; she say into the shadow amusedly : ) sad , really sad . en yuri ( mildly ) well we have be here some time . lara . yes ... this must have be a lovely house once . no reply . she look but can not see he . ° _ do not you think ? now we see he for the first time and find that he face be stiff and he eye on she intently . he demand , deeply : yuri . what be you go to do ? lara ( a bit startle ) in gradov ? yuri yes . lara oh I will be all right . yuri I wish I could think so . the speed and force of it be spontaneous . lara flash he a look of alarm . his Pov we see it , she surround in a halo of bright steam . he recover . just a shade shakily : you could run a laundry . lara yes . but she : sound abit shaky too . the emotional key have tightened . the 742/ 747 131 ( revise 19.2.65 ) continue lara ( cont ) what will you do ? yuri ; I suppose I will go back to the hosnital . lara 's it 's funny to think ef you there . I use to pass it on by way to school . yuri wee will you ever come to Moscow ? lara look ut , bright of cye , forcedly smile . lara fron gridov - ? she shake she head , the smile go , and cannot take she eye away . yuri rise into the sunlight restless , make suddenly bright like she . he burst out : yuri '' : : if only there be scmcone to look after you - but of course if there be - I would be destroy by jezlousy . . lara Zhivaco - do not 's . ser tone be persuasive and plead , not shocked , this be no revelatisn the hor . “e move , and in exactly the same tone : my dear - do not .-- please eee he be immobilize , but poise . we have be six month together , on the read , and here ; and we have net do anything you will have to iie about , to tonya . ( very strongly ) I do not want you the heve to lie about I . ( bescechingly ) you understand that yuri . ( and now with decp leve and admiration : ) you understand everything «+. 742 / 747 132 ( revise 19.2.65 ) continue . they stand and look at one another , he in shadow , she in sunlicht . the sound et rain hiss in over the and : dissolve scene nuneer 748 to 749 CUT 750 751 752 exterlor hospital locaticn day autumn -rain close shot . grey rain riss and drip on the court - yard pave . camera pan up to disclose the Red Cross wacron with half a éozen man already in it . the bolshevik , he gtteatcoat wet , pack and rifle on back , hurry frem the wagson towatd camera which track back slightly to reveai the front door . he halt in close shot and shout into the hall with genial impatience : - bolshevix : - come on courade . itm in a hurry ! interigr bospital stusito day medium shot . Inside the hall the depart inmate assist one another into pack . they be boisterous and look enormous in they bulky travel clothes . avainst the wall stand a mountain of blanket and bedding yet to be clear . yuri and old sglouler the enly person not aress for travel . lara , in & heavy coat , watch yuri as he go towards the decr . exterior 's qspital location day autuen - rain close shot . bolshevik stand in the doorway a5 before . yuri enter . yuri go home , kuril ? bolshevik zone , you excellency ? ( he make a insult of the title ) petresradc . I and join tue Red Guard . . lara enter picture and stand in the doorvay on the opposite side to yuri , bolshevik in the nicdle . 752 133 continue lara what about you wife ? bolshevik sometimes , comrade nurse , woman have to wait . ( he look about ) right ? he shove out a hand to yuri , look coldly , ' even when yuri take it . good-bye , honoure Doctor . want some advice ... ? yurt = Said the millstone to the barley . bolshevik ' . that 's right . adapt yourself . he let go of ' yuri 's hand and stalk out into the rain . the next - inmate , a bit awkward , offer he hand , yuri smile and shake it 753 154 155 and he go . close up . lara look at yurl another inmate cross foreground of picture . on SOUND : ' yuri ( SOUND ) good-bye , durinev . inmate ( SOUND ) good-bye your. honour . yuri good-bye , krul . close shot . yuri from lara ' 's Pov . he do not look at she . inmate merely nod , surly , and shamble off : yuri ( to mild little private ) good-bye Simon . '' inmate ( incline to emotion ) I will never forget you honour , never ... close shot . yuri nod , smile stiffly - lara be next . she step forward and hold out she hand . out in the courtyard it have stop raining . . 755 756 757 756 759 760 761 762 763 134 continue lara good-bye , Zhivago . yuri : good-bye . thank you . she turn and go after the other . camera track forward slightly to exclude yuri as she walk tothe waggon . on SOUND : yuri ( SOUND ) pilenko ... inmate ( SOUND ) good-bye doctor . lara be assist up into the waggon , move to the front and sit by the bolshevik face away from the house . close shot . yuri and old soldier watch from the door . medium close shot . the hood figure of lara back towards we , semi-silhouetted on the waggon . it be obscure momentarily as the last inmate climb into the waggon and then reappear as he sit . , : big close up . yuri watch she . big close up , lara 's back . the bolshevik 's hand enter . picture and perfunctorily adjust the collar of she coat . without warning the driver whip up he horse . : close shot . yuri and old soldier . onsound the clatter of the waggon move off . old soldier suddenly cry : old soldier good-bye Brothers ! | medium long shot . every face on the waggon turn with vary degree of response - except lara 's . close shot . yuri and old soldier respond to they farewell ( hear on SOUND ) they ratse hand drop as the sound die . old soldier look up at yuri . ose up tracking . ( camera in waggon ) the silhouett back of lara 's head . ahead , the gateway to the courtyard . 135 and 136 ( revise 19.2.65 ) 764 medium tracking shot , from inside the waggon the | camera be shoot back at yuri and cld soldier stand in the front door . ' the gate come into picture , the waggon turn on to the road and two figure be mask from view . : 765 close tracking shot . the back of lara be head now silhouettea against the read . silence save for the creak cf wood , and the rumble and splash of wheel . bolshevik fish out he gun ( as he do when we first see hin ) and start to clean it with a bit of rag . on souikd the mild private announce 2 bit defiantly : mild private ( SOUND ) . - the Doctor be a gentleman . - bolshevik : right . written all over he . mild private ( SOUND ) he 's a good man ! - . bolshevik God rot good man , 766 big close up . lara turn she head and look at he resentfully . her eye be fuli of tear . 767 ' big close up . bolshevik . he be astonished . 768 big close up . lara continucs to lock anger at hin through she tear , indifferent to she dignity and hence doukly dignify . 769 close shot , lara and bolshevik . ke raise he eyebrow and return he attenticn to the gun . 770 old soldier look up at yuri . yuri be look off at : . 771 Pov yuri , the wagzon flicker , disappear as it pass in front ef the pale rise sun . scene number 772 to 781 CUT . ' 782 783 754 785 786 787 - 788 scene 800 301 802 137 and 138 ( revise 19.2.65 ) exyericr gromekc STREET location sunsst autudn losg seot . a waason , £lickerine , appear cut of a crimson set sun at tie end of the grouekcs ' street , qn the wagron , yuri and cabdriver . yuri look off at : window of gromeko ' house , slocay in the sunset . tne of they flash like 2 heliograph as it open and : . tonya lean out , at first incredulous , then ineredulcus and joyful . tonya . yuri! yuri look up at she , instinctively halferise . — towya leave ' the window . . yuri jump from the wagcon with he valise , run . 729 to 799 CUT tos '' a dash across the landing , down the stair , where we glimpse the alter interior end some oda look peenle , and throw open the door where yuri approach the sten . they embrace . yuri and tonya embrace . ge look over she shoulder at : : '' weyiun close shot , watchine from the hall be : a female janitor , resident stand in deorway , and depusy . they watch , one or two faintly snilinz , mostly morose or carefully non-committal . 803 / 807 169 medium shot . tonya , in some embarrassment , draw yuri into the hall to confront they . he be uncomprehend of the situation but ready to accept it , at he most polite and willing . the middle - class routine of introduction be both pleasant and bizarre - pleasant in they , bizarre because it be one-side . tonya yuri ; this be comrade yelkin ( she make a title of " comrade " as " Major yelkin " we local delegate , he life here . yuri ( shake hand ) oh , welcome . tonya ( introduce janitor ) comrade kaprugina . yuri welcome . . tonya look a bit amused , distinctly embarrassed . janitor ( calmly } it 's not for you to welcome we , comrade . tonya comrade kaprugina be Chairman of the resident * Committee , yuri . she put a warning emphasis on vresident ' Committee '' . yuri ah ! yes of course , € F . -. he look round pleasantly at the various face in doorway . no response . delegate you discharge paper ? yuri yes , ( produce they and hand they over ) I sign they myself I be afraid . deputy ( examine papers , arrest by something , murmur with distaste ) . Holy Cross " ? what - ? 803 / continue ~ 807 yuri ( helpful ) Holy Cross Hospital . ( delegate look at he woodenly , where I work before the war . it 's on - . tonya the second reformed Hospital . ah . ( to delegate ) good . it need reforming . the donnish little quip disappear without trace . delegate medicais report to they place of work at once . yuri yes . I believe there 's typhus ... 2 resident uneasy ; one withdraw inside doorway . delegate ( flatly ) you have be listen to rumourmongers , comrade . ( pronounce ) there be no typhus in we City . yuri ( quietly ) . . , : : ' well that 's good news . ( turn away and pick up baggage ) T will report tomorrow . g08 '' close shot . ( crane ) yuri and tonya ascend the stair , : camera craning before they . they go up 2 few step in silence , the delegate call after they : delegate ( significantly ) : when you have start work , you will get a ration book . | yuri turn quickly , but quite mildly say : yuri I have always work . they go on up shoulder to shoulder , delegate and janitor look upwards after they . _ ( sotto ) whatever 's the matter ? 808 so £ 10 ‘b11 812 b13 814 141 continue tonya ( secretly smile , and proudly ) you be . . they reach the landing . close shot . delegate and janitor . she suddenly calis , hotly : . janitor there be live - space for thirteen family in this one house ! . medium shot her Pov look up the stair . yuri look down , find himself in the position of a orator . yuri yes . yes , this be a better arrangement , comrade , more just . ( he have a shade of difficulty with " comrade " } close shot . delegate and janitor look up disapprovingly . close shot . tonya stand in foreground of picture in the ubrary door , hold out she hand to yuri in the background , still at the top of the stair , she eye alight with affectionate amusement . he come to she , shut the door and lean against it look at tonya , now openly laugh . yuri ( expostulate , laugh and genuinely puzzle ) but it be more just ! why do it sound so funny ? close shot . delegate and janitor examine yuri 's papers . delegate name : Zhivago . discharge recommend : command Officer . command Officer : Zhivago . close shot . yuri and tonya embrace . she ask a little _ anxiously : . tonya be it good to be home ? yuri ( fervent ) oh - ( he break off ) 815 816 817 818 819 820 142 medium shot . yuri be Pov . a little boy regards they soberly from a inner doorway . . close shot . yuri and tonya . yuri be intent ; put tonya gently from he , ask she : yuri sasha ...? tonya ( smiling , move ; a moment long - wait for ) who else ? , camera pan with yuri as he approach sasha , he face tender and respectful . . yuri . sasha . 7 close up , sasha with yuri 's leg in foreground of picture . he look . warily at he mother . tonya ( SOUND ) this be daddy , sasha . close up . yuri 's face descend into picture . sasha 's hand whip out and clout he forcefully across the face . on SOUND : tonya ( SOUND ) sasha ! medium shot . alexander stand in the doorway , giftident and _ curious . alexander May I come in ? tonya ( distress ) _ sasha hit he daddy ! oh what a naughty little boy - ( she be half serious ) yuri ( quickly ) no do not say that . dissolve gromeko library studio night medium shot . the once fine library be partition into smaller room by sheet of mztchboard . alexander and yuri ( still in " 145 820 continue uniform but shave ) take they ease over the remain of a meal in one of this and tonya be see in another , busy over a improvise stove . there be just 2 shade of strain in the air . yuri , a shade too correct , alexander a shade too jolly . alexander : watch carefully , I be about to ignite the last half of the last cigar in Moscow . ( he do so , yuri smile , then lean forward ) good meal ? yuri ( surprise but fall in with it ) very . alexander say something . 821 close shot tonya in the kitchenette have observe it all . 's she look grave but when yuri 's voice come : yuri ( SOUND ) that be very good , tonya ! tonya ( " merrily " ) pooh ! that be nothing . 822 / mediumshot . alexander and yuri in foreground , tonya 828 in background . alexander she 's be save that salami for three month . yuri ( as she enter ) have you darling ? tonya : T get it for a clock . alexander : : she 's a marvel . coffee you observe . tonya ( smiling , gently ) daddy , stop it ... ( softly ) he know I 'ma marvel ... ( they sit a beat in silence , then : ) do you write any poetry ? yuri quite a lot . 822 / - $ 28 144 continue ; tonya be it good ? yuri yes I think so . tonya can I see it ? yuri ( startle , look at she ) ~ well of course . ( he take she hand ) tonya what happen to nurse . antipova ? ( her eye be a bit bright now ) you letter be full of she ! yuri ( steadily , look at she ) yes I suppose they be . alexander ( wildly uncomfortable ) mm. mm. that 's the girl who shot friend komarovsky be not it ? tonya ( softly ) yes daddy , you know it be . yuri she 's go home to she little girl , tonya ( not look at he , ashamed of she importunity ) we sha not see she then ? yuri no. tonya ( whisper ) what a pity ... she raise she eye and meet he smile , warm , protective , reassure , not protest . she abandon dignity and throw herself sideways onto he , he arm go about she , look suddenly childish . alexander , enchant , hold up he cigar alexander well there it be ... ( with thespian regret ) farewell the pleasure of the flesh ... 822 / 828 829 '' 830 831 832 833 / 836 145 continue tonya ( cradle against yuri , quite restore , mischievous ) there 's some more salami . alexander . save it . ( he be suddenly serious ) what I do not understand be how we be go to stay alive , this winter ... dissolve interior -exterior gromeko STREET and library day _ winter - snowing close shot . camera crane down across the library window , - erystalline with white frost , through which we see soft snow fall diffuse in the street beyond . sasha 's hand enter picture and rub a clear patch in the frost with the warmth of he palm . close up . sasha , wear a outdoor coat , peer through the eye-hole . sasha pretty ! and begin to rub another hole . close shot alexander , also dress in overcoat and wear glove , be sit read . he glance up at the child , clumsily turn a page with he glove hand and continue read . on SOUND the coo cf the child . close shot . tonya be in the kitchen . harass , hair awry , she be try to reconcile the aristocratic demand of a old - style , lavishly illustrate cookery book , with the handful of scrubby vegetable available to she . the coo cease ; then weep . she go . tonya sasha ! medium shot . Inside the library sasha , weep , hold out he two small paw , stiff with cold . tonya sink down to he open she multiple jacket , say with real irritation : tonya Father - you must not let him_do that ! 833 / 836 837 146 continue alexander ( half -risen and guilty ) oh dear oh dear I - tonya ( thrust sasha 's hand under she armpit ) silly old grandpa ... alexander I be go to light the stove ! tonya ( coldly ) very well . and what shall we burn tonight ? alexander ( determinedly open stove door ) we will burn that tonight . tonya and tomorrow ? alexander ( with sudden feel ) . I will get some more , I be not entirely useless you know . there be some loose plank in the tram - ~ shelter ... tonya that 's a very good idea . get yourself arrest ; get yourself shot . ( he look over he shoulder at she . she say , very tenderly : ) ' you be not useless , daddy ; you be indispensable ... ( firmly ) we will light the stove when we always do . alexander ( look at she , admire , exasperate , ador : ) you be abominably like you mother ... close tracking shot . delegate and yuri hurry along the snowy street towards gromexko 's doorway , both worried , but delegate cling to he habitual stolidity , yuri openly irritate , near the end of he tether . both look white and hungry . yuri you have no right whatever to call I from work ! delegate as a Soviet deputy - yuri that give you the power . not the right . 837 838 839 840 841 842 147 continue delegate it 's notice , you know . you attitude 's notice . yuri ( Rather sulkily ) you should have call the area Doctor . they have reach the step . camera pan with they as they go to the front door . delegate I want this do quietly . big close up . yuri stop . . yuri why what be it ?... typhus ? . CUT interior SMALL room off gromeko hallway studio day big close up . a cadaverous old man lie asleep or fainting on 2 mattress cover with coat , threadbare mat , sack . big close up . delegate , stand , look down at the bed , anxious . . medium close shot , Pov delegate . yuri rise from a examination of the old man . camera pan he into close shot with delegate . yuri I will take he away . get I some transport . it be not typhus . it 's another disease we do not have in Moscow - starvation . ( pass delegate , go from room ) delegate ( follow ) that seem to give you satisfaction ! close shot . yuri mount the stair , camera panning upwards on he .recede back . yuri it would give I satisfaction to hear you admit it ! delegate step tnto foreground call after he : 148 842 continue delegate would it ? why ? yuri ( vanish round landing desperately ) because it be so ! 843 close up . delegate call after he : delegate . you attitude be notice you know ! oh yes it 's be notice ... - interior library studic day winter - snowing 844 medium shot . yuri enter the apartment . alexander surprised , tonya delighted . yuri phew ! tonya yuri! yuri hello . ( he break off ) the stove 's out ! ( he be amaze rather than shocked ) tonya , the stove 's out ! they look at he guiltily . the event of the oy and the week rage up in . he . furiously : what 's the matter with you ? no wonder the child 's lose weight ! tonya go off into the kitchen . ' yuri uncomprehend . 845 close up . alexander clear he throat . alexander you see , she let it out as soon as you have go . and she light it before you get back ... 846 close up . yuri desperately move . he turn , go to the kitchen . 847 close shot . tonya back to camera , head down . yuri enter picture and turn she to he . she be cry . he stroke 847 848 849 850 149 continue she head , hold she . tonya we have not enough fuel . yuri _ , sh ... sh ... sh ... cur . . exterior moscow STREET location night winter - snow close shot . night . with a shriek of rusting nail and agonise groan of timber , yuri wrench ' wood from a fence . he work furiously , violently , a black figure silhouett against the snow and mist . he give a glance around before attack the fence again . no - one be about , it seem . camera pan to the other side of the street , behind he . in medium shot we see a motionless ghostlike figure , watch . camera begin tracking towards it . on SOUND : yevgraf ( SOUND ) : I tell myself it be beneath my dignity to arrest a man for pilfering firewood . but nothing order by the Party be beneath the dignity of any man . and the Party be right . one man desperate for a bit of fuel be pathetic , five million people desperate for fuel will destroy a city . camera come to rest on close shot of yevgraf . he be dress in a semi-uniform of leather coat , knee boot , pistol . medium shot . Pov yevgraf . on the other side of the street yuri be collect the wood and wrapping it ' within he coat . close up . yevgraf . on SOUND he continue to speak in the past tense , remember the experience we be witness . that be the first time I ever see my brother : but I know he , and I know that I would disobey the Party . be take a step back into the shadow , he eye follow : 851 852 853 854 855 856 857 858 150 medium panning shot . his Pov . yuri crossing the street away from we , but to the side on which yevgraf be stand . he reach the pavement and hurry away back to camera . close tracking shot . yevgraf start off and follow ~ yevgraf . 0 perhaps it be the tie of blood between we but I doubt it . we be only half tie anyway and brother will betray a brother . " medium tracking shot . ( possibly hand - held ) Pov yevgraf . yuri walk hurriedly away , back to camera , determinedly , head down , clutching he coat . ( dryly ) indeed as a policeman I would say , " get hold of a man 's brother and you be halfway home " . close up tracking . yevgraf , frown , upright , thoughtful , , dignify , follow yuri home . nor be it admiration ; for a better man than I . I do admire he , but I do not think he be a better man . medium close tracking shot . camera follow on yuri 's back as he approach the gromeko 's street . I admire he for he poetry , and poetry I admire as I admire Old Russia for its church : ornamental . close up tracking . yevgraf follow . I be a bolshevik and necessary . besides , I have execute better man than I with a small pistol . long shot . shoot down on the gromeko 's street . yuri , back to camera , now near the house , yevgraf enter from the side turn beginning unconsciously to hasten , catch he up , he voice on SOUND track unconsciously quicken its rhythm too : I walk firmly - he be furtive . he be guilty . I have power . close tracking shot . yevgraf . I know he - he be unaware of I , yet - ( he break off ) 859 860 861 862 863 864 865 66 867 868 869 151 medium shot tracking . yuri reach the step to the front door ; stop , listen . camera continue tracking and on SOUND we hear the crunch of yevgraf 's foot , yuri turn . , camera slow , footstep stop . '' . close shot , yevgraf stand look up at : / close shot . yuri turn back to go in ; hesitates , turn back close up . yevgraf . he essay a timid smile . close up . yuri look at he wonderingly . yevgraf his glance , so pure and so unfriendly - close shot . yevgraf , he smile fade . on SOUND , he voice , slow , ruminative , smile : open the door to a world of feel , ( he turn away , stupidly ) where he be a adult and I - interior gromeko house studio night close shot . yuri open the front door and a whirlpool of immediate life crash over yevgraf 's rumination . the hallway be full of excited lodger . that near turn and look at he uncertainly , _ close up . yuri push the door shui , move forward look around : medium tracking shct . his Pov . camera move forward and pan up the stair , line with more icdgers with other descend carry bit of furniture from the Zhivagos ' apartment , close shot . yuri . camera crane with he as he mount the stair , he greatcoat with its embarrassing cargo hugge to he body . ( as he go side be take for and against . that for express indignation - " now we will see ! " " it 's robbery ! animal !'* - or pity - " poor soul , poor soul . " " that against express malignant delight - " here he come ! his excellency ! " or dour satisfaction - " have to live like the rest of we now , Doctor . ) yuri half - heartedly arrest the descent of a small chest - of - drawer and look up : : . close shot . alexander lean over the bannister , furious : 869 870 871 872 873 / 875 152 continue alexander / bring it back ! bring - that - back !! d' you hear ? long shot . look down the stair at yuri and the lodger over alexander 's shoulder . a woman ( shrill ) oh ! oh! listen to his excellency ! alexander ( shout back ) I speak as I be teach to speak ! close up . alexander . the hubbub have abate somewhat . to acquire a accent like yours take a life-time of impact ignorance ! close shot ' yuri . resentful uproar , all sympathy alienate . one well - wisher , the only man so far to speak to yuri say discreetly : . man ~ . shut he up Doctor ; he will land you in trouble . interior library studio . night — medium shot . Inside the apartment , tonya , near to tear but spléndidly upright , face the deputy who look upset but self - righteous ; the place be full of people include the janitor , some push they way out with odd belonging . a lot of noise . deputy ~ you will have to manage ! someone drop a lamp . I want no anarchy ! I want this carry out correctly ! yuri come in , hold alexander by the arm , he other hand wrap tightly to he coat . he be quietly furious . yuri . what be you do ? deputy re-allocation of live space , comrade Doctor . 153 873 / continue 875 876 877 janitor ( with satisfaction ) one room per family of less than five person . alexander goddammit whose house be this ? tonya Father be quiet ! but alexander 's intervention have sweep away the partial control achieve by yuri ; uproar again . : yuri all right ; one room , what be you do with my thing ? janitor they be be store . yuri they be be steal . he be stand face to face and eye to eye with the deputy who sustain it with difficulty but : , tonya yuri ! she be struggle with a woman who be make off with the balalaika . yuri : dust a minute - he seize it , but in the action release he grip on he coat . close shot . his loot clatter to the floor . high -angle medium shot . the almost jocularly bully atmosphere give place to something more serious . everybody draw away from yuri who stand deject . tonya be horrify . - deputy despondently pick up one of the piece of wood . deputy and where do you get this ? yuri I pull it out of a fence . art 878 879 880 881 882 883 154 on SOUND a finger click against a thumb , all turn to : close shot . yevgraf stand in the doorway , formidable . outside he passage have cause quite a panic . nothing but silently descend back on the stair andclose door on the landing . — reverse shot the dark figure of yevgraf in foreground . in the apartment the deputy , subdued , begin to usher out the intruder . : close up . yevgraf stand in silence as they file out of the room past he . he shut the door after the deputy and turn to : medium close shot . his Pov . the zhivagos look at he guardedly . on SOUND : yevgraf ( SOUND ) I tell they who iwas . the old man be hostile . the girl be cautious . ( a warmth come into he voice ) my brother seem very pleased . I think the girl - dissolve ~ be the only one who guess at they position . medium close shot . yuri and yevgraf seat opposite each other . yevgraf now without he top-coat . tonya and alexander watch . yuri stare into yevgraf 's face with unaffected pleasure . , yuri you be just as limagine you . you be my political conscience . . yevgraf ( SOUND ) : I ask he have not he one of he own . ( we see yuri laugh , then talk seriously ) and so he talk about the Revolution . dissolve close up . yevgraf in slightly different position . - yuri ( SOUND ) - it 's surgery . it 's genius , ( mischievous ) only genius could be so clumsy . you lay lifeon a table and you cut out all the tumour of injustice . 884 885 886 887 155 close up . yuri . yevgraf ( SOUND ) I tell he if ‘he feel like that , that he should join the Party . yuri ah , but that 's a deep operation . someone must xeep life alive while you do it . by live . ( gently ) be not that right ? ! yevgraf ( SOUND ) : , - I think then it be wrong . dissolve close up . yevgraf . he follow yuri with he eye . the dark outline of he figure cross and re-cross picture , pace about . yevgraf ( SOUND ) he tell I what he think about the Party and I tremble for he . he approve of we , but for reason which be subtle , like he verse . approval such as he could vanish overnight . close up . tonya . her eye go - from yuri to yevgraf . I tell he 50 . : her eye flick back to yuri with apprehension . medium shot . over yevgraf on to yuri , alexander and tonya , : yuri ( pour out two small glass of vodka ) well of course ... I can not approve this evening , something | you may do tomorrow . — as if to take any offence from he word he give a quick smile , and come over with the glass look at yevgraf with childlike concentration . he be walk about with a noose round he neck and do not know . yevgraf look almost shifty , examine he boot , start talk softly . so I tell he what I have hear about he poem . dissolve 888 889 890 891 * 892 893 894 895 156 close up , yuri sit listen , frown , upset . . yuri not like ? why not like ? close up . tonya , she eye follow yuri and yevgraf with more and more apprehension . ( SOUND ) not like by whom ? yevgraf ( SOUND ) so I tell he that ... close shot . Pov tonya of yuri and yevgraf . yuri ( puzzle , plead : ) do you think it 's " personal " , petit-bourgeois and self - indulgent ? yevgraf hod , mouth ' yes " , while : yevgraf ( SOUND it hed . : close up . yuri look about he , wonderingly , as one whose landmark have be shift . but he believe I . and it strike I through to see that my opinion matter . yuri rise . close up . yevgraf watch he , disturb . long shot . they all watch yuri as he wander to the book - shelf by himself , look puzzle , and pull a volume from they , he back to the room . . close shot . yuri . he thumb through the page . close up . tonya , watch yuri . she turn to look at yevgraf . yevgraf ( SOUND ) the girl know ... she rise . dissolve 896 897 898 899 900 157 long shot . yevgraf talk to tonya walk about the room , both practical folk , while yuri sit watch they and alexander look at yuri beneath he brow . : yevgraf ( cont ) they could not survive what be come in the city . it urge they to leave and live obscurely somewhere in the country where they could keep themselves alive . tonya ( eager ) '' we have - use to have - a estate at varykino near yuriatin . the people know we there . they all look to yuri . he smile obligingly . . yevgraf ( SOUND ) he do not resist . I offfered to obtain permit , pass , warrant , tell they what to take and what to leave behind . ( gesture at the book ) - yuri , with a tiny grimace , rise courteously : he offer I my pick - dissolve , close shot . yevgraf and yuri stand opposite one another . yuri be hand he the book he take from the shelf . T have the impudence to ask he for a volume of he verse . they stand look at each other . ' ' and so we parte . cur . . close shot . the door to the apartment be open by yevgraf who step out on to the landing dress in he coat . he look close shot . a door shutting quietly . a woman hurry off down the stair . . medium close shot . camera pan with yevgraf as he start the descent . '' people in the hall below disappear . 900 901 902 / 904 905 906 907 158 continue yevgraf ( SOUND . bitterly ) I think I even say that I would see he again in better time . but perhaps I do not . dissolve interior book hall studioor location day winter . long shot . we be look down into the immense book Hall of Moscow Station . its appearance have deteriorate , there be drift of garbage like dirty snow . in the centre of the hall a fire have be light and its smoke ascend to the high dome ceiling . round it stand sailor , herculean figure , a conscious elite , well - equip , stand well or sprawle among they kit ; the fire be for they alone . one of they have a harmonium strapped to he back . refugees , seat or lie form a human scurf at the base of the wall . immense queue of would - be traveller be shepherd by armed militiamen . a lot of noise . close shot . of the above . close shot . yuri , with tonya , sasha , alexander reach the head of a long queue to the window of a book - office , where two or three clerk work at leisure . yuri present a handful of papers . yuri ( humbly ) when be the train due ? clerk ( shrug ) some time , today . dissolve intericr moscow station locaticn night winter long shot . night. lamp light . camera shoot down on to the platform , two of they crowded with sleeping figure , the rest empty except for desultory sentries . the track be all empty save for two waggon stand abandon among drift of rubbish . on SOUND the noise have subside to a dreamy murmur . close shot . the zhivagos . alexander asleep with sasha asleep by he . yuri and tonya hand in hand listen to : 908 909 910 911 q12 913 914 . 915 916 917 918 919 922 / 923 close shot . close up . the 159 the sailor play he harmonium , 2 sad melody accompany by tinkling little run on a small balalaika play by another . the other sailor lounge among they baggage , they face soften and fatigue . : finger of the balalaika player on the string . close up . yuri fascinate ; tonya smile at he . ' medium shot . Pov yuri . the sailor and behind they the track where the train will come from ; no sign of anything . close shct . camera shoot up onto a heroic poster of lenin . music over . medium long shot . camera shoot down onto the plat - form ; travellers sleep like puppy jamme together for warmth . close shot . close shot . close shot . long shot the headlight on the track , the travellers on both p close shot . tonya gather up sasha , other traveller rise up around they . heroic poster of trotsey . a sleep family with tiny baby . heroic poster of stalin . the music falter , first the balalaika , then the harmonium cease . into the silence the puff-puff-puffing of a train . . close up . a sailor rise into picture , alert . train approach along the jatform rouse and rise . the zhivagos . yuri waking alexander , long shot . the train nearer . people run across the track from the other platform . the engine shriek angrily . medium tracking shot . travel wit the light fall on the travellers draw they foot like some agitate influence . h the locomotive , swirl to they medium tracking shot . travel with , and shoot pack along , the side of the train . the swirl mass of passenger now all on they foot . each one , in they different way , grab a place . pandemonium . prepare to 924 925 926 / 927 928 929 / 931 932 933 934 160 close tracking shot . the zeivagos , lead by yuri , hurry along at the rear of the crowd , with the move train in background . close tracking shot . same as above but , the sailor march head by railway official . at a word of command : from they leader they halt . medium shot . shoot across the head of the sailor and the milling crowd on to the train . it consist of goods and cattle waggon except for one regular passenger coach , decorate with slogan . and Red flag . the train stop , leave it centre of picture . that unlucky enough to find themselves opposite the passenger coach hurry off to either side leave a gap for the sailor who march towards it . . long shot . the sailor pile boisterously into they coach . the train besiege on either side of they . Doors on the waggon be sly back , traveller fight they way aboard , the pandemonium at its height . close tracking shot . the zhivagos , less by they own volition than from the pressure of the mob about they , yuri and alexander on either side of tonya , be sweep into : interior cattle - waggon studio night long shot . the interior of one of the cattle - waggon near the front of the train . straw on the floor . Rough wooden bunk in three layer , some dozen of which already occupy by lifeless - look man wear red arm band and patch . one of this be kostoyed , a mad-lock individual with a ascetic face and malignant eye . there be a iron stove with some big cooking utensil which go over in the rush of foot . a armed be shouting : militiaman fifty person ! fifty person only ! but he be sweep aside by the influx . close shot . yuri dash to the far end of the waggon and secure three bunk , one above the other . tonya put sasha into the middle bunk , alexander crawl into the one underneath , yuri scramble to the top . medium shot . the waggon be fill to over - flow , every bunk occupy and many people sit on the floor . the mob at the door , see this , turn and push out again , join the battle on the platform which we can still hear raging . ~ 161 interior moscow station location night 935 close shot a Red flag be be attach to the roof of the train - by two sailor . camera pan down to disclose the special coach underneath ? sailor loung in comfortable seat . interior cattle - waggon studio night 936 medium siiot . the commotion have settle down somewhat . everyone squatting in they place , only the militiaman on he foot . alexander look up at tonya above he ( with sasha ) i and yuri above she . alexander charm accommodation . . kostoyed charm accommodation . very good . I be a intellectual . ( meaning : " like you " ) militiaman shut up you ; " intellectual " . kostoyed shut up you ; lickspittle . he trail into a half - mad satisfied laugh . he shove forward he red arm band for the zhivagos ' inspection and , indicate the other dozen old man and boy in bunk about , say : forced labour . the carriage jolt . . interior moscow station location night 937 long shot . the locomotive have back against the train , the rear thus become the front . the platform now comparatively peaceful . interior cattle - waggon studio night | 938 / medium shot . into we waggon a political officer enter 943 heavily , carry 2 board with papers clipped to it . he isa sedentary character , pale , tired , in a dirty raincoat , a hat with a metal badge on it . political '' . attention comrade ! ( he read fast with dead , mechanical energy : ) you train will leave tomorrow morning . Health regulation for the journey : night -soil will be 162 938 / continue 943 _ political ( cont ) emptied every morning without fail . straw ( he stir it with he foot ) to be replace at ten day interval and old straw burn . in the event of fresh straw be unavailable , old straw to be turn . this be disinfectant . ( kick a ugly - look oildrum ) use it . in this waggon .is a detachment of voluntary Labour - ' kostoyed ( very clearly ) liar . political look up , startied , encounter kostoyed 's heavy eye , look to militaman ; militiaman tap he head . political grunt and without interest : political . you be require by the military Committee to show they all assistance . ( turn a page ringingly : ) carriage one be oceupy by sailor , of the heroic kronstadt sailor 's Soviet - ! he pause for applause and get it , some genuine . so you be in good hand . kostoyed - they be idiot . . . this blasphemy . cause a stir , many look to kostoyed .. political attention , comrade ! in approximately eleven day 's time you will pass through ural Province , where White Guard unit , aid by foreign interventionist , and other criminal reactionary element have recently be active . ' atense , listen stillness : the military Committee assure you that the criminal have be completely route in that area . by Red Guard unit under the command of people 's General strelnikov ! a odd silence . kostoyed there 's a man . clap he . 938 / 943 944 945 946 947 948 949 163 continue many face turn to he . he clap , slowly , unaccompany . the political go , say : . political the line be definitely clear ! ... Long live the Revolution ! close shot . kostoyed call after he . kostoyed Long live anarchy ! lickspittle ! bureaucrat ! long shot . militiaman help railwaymen out on the platform to slide shut the door . ( from yow on , day and night , the waggon be light by oil lamp . ) he take from he pocket a handeuff and make towards : close shot . kostoyed , familiar with it , put forth a emaciate wrist , sneering obligingly . militiaman attaches the handcuff . , - tonya ( SOUND ) 1s that necessary ? militiaman turn . close up . tonya , she lovely face express nothing but disinterested compassion . close shot . kostoyed and militiaman . militiaman ( stolidly , self - excuse ) Fifteen volunteer I have sign for , and fifteen I will deliver ... he shackle kostoyed to the bunk post . kostoyed stare at tonya . then : kostoyed : I be a free man , lickspittle . there 's nothing you can do about it . militaman go . close shot . yuri and tonya watch kostoyed with pity . 950 952 953 954 955 956 957 958 959 164 close shot . kostoyed . in fact the fetter be distress he terribly . like a sad monkey he jerk at the chain twice . then lie back , he say from the darkness : kostoyed I be the only free man on this train ... the rest of you be cattle . dissolve . music " Red banner " , plaintive . exterior railway location day winter - snow extreme longshot . the train , its locomotive , fourteen ' waggon and the special coach with banner , trace like a pencil the otherwise invisible line between the grey - white sky , grey - white earth of a snow - cover , desolate landscape . close tracking shot music up . a Red Banner , now slightly rag , stream out against the grey infinity . long shot tracking . camera shoot along the icy . roof of the train towards the locomotive , the four stream banner in foreground . medium tracking shot . the locomotive as see from the roof of the front waggon . the dead straight line ahead disappear into a misty horizon . - close tracking shot . icicles hang from the locomotive chassis sway above the pass track . ' close tracking shot . the headlight of the locomotive , its frost surface reflect a distort picture of the pass land - scape . '' long shot tracking . the line ahead as see from the front of the engine . CUT . music continuous . exterior railway location dusk winter - snow close shot . the headlight be switch on : , exterior railway location night winter - snow long shot tracking . the line ahead light by the headlight . 961 962 963 964 965 966 967 968 969 165 close tracking shot . the icicle hang from the chassis , now ruby red , light by the glare from the fire - box . CUT , music cut . natural train noise interior . interior cattle - waggon studio night close shot . the stove in the cattle - waggon , red - hot for one third of its height , shed a cheerful glow on filthy straw trample and sticky , strewn with garbage . in the straw , sleep figure , fully clothed under rag blanket and coat , hairy face , mouth agape , man , woman and child mix promiscuously . it have a sort of basic comfort ; we feel at any rate they must be warm enough . cook utensil , filthy with constant use , swing and slop to the movement of the train . camera pan up slightly along the gangway . the straw like a stable , shroud figure all asleep . : close shot . alexander with a week 's growth of beard asleep ‘on he bottom bunk . close shot . tonya and sasha , she a bit grubby , he spotless in the bunk above . camera lift to yuri in the topmost bunk , asleep and bearded like alexander . . long shot . the sleep waggon sway to the motion of - the train . close shot . a rag middle - age man , he eye on the face of a fat peasant woman sleep against he . he raise he head and kiss she . still asleep , she turn away . he go towards she . : close shot . kostoyed , awake and watch . at first a grin , then more serious . close shot , ' the man be hold the peasant woman 's face in he hand , kissing she on the mouth . still half - asleep she begin to respond . close up . kostoyed , watch . the waggon lurch , one or two figure stir in they sleep , SOUND change into a metallic rattle : exterior railway scandinavian unit day for night winter . long shot tracking . the strut of a iron bridge flash by above a moonlit freeze river . 970 971 972 973 s74 975 876 977 978 ' 166 intericr cattle - waggon studio night close shot . yuri be waken . the waggon give another jolt . on scund the metallic rattle return to normal , yuri look down along the waggon . medium shot . his Pov . the glow stove , the filth it illuminate , furtive motion among the figure there . close up . yuri . he turn away , not condemnatory or disgust but with more food for think than he can digest . by he be a tiny thick glass window . with both hand he haul it back , on SOUND the racket of the train increase , particle of ; ice fly in from the blackness . screw up he eye he approach he face to it . - extericr railway scandinavian unit day for night winter " long shot . the vast expanse of a freeze lake glide by . distant island and fir tree . interior cattle - waggon studio night close up . the top half of yuri 's face frame in the window , from outside . he raise -his eye : process shot scandinavian unit andstudio night medium shot . a white moon in a black sky over a icey landscape . interior cattle - WA ggon studio night close up : yuri , look up at the moon . on SOUND a mock chuckle .. he turn , see : . close shot . kostoyed . his eye and bare tooth shine from the darkness . dissolve . music as before . exterior railway location day winter - snow long shot . the train make its way across a vast white landscape under a bruise sky . dissolve . music down , natural train noise interior . 979 980 981 982 983 9&4 985 986 987 167 interior cattle -waggon studio day medium shot . everyone awake . cook go on around the stove . a small group around the zhivago bunk group around : close shot . alexander on the middle bunk , leg elegantly cross , . read in he expressive cultivate tone to sasha who look at he grandfather 's face , not understanding most of what he hear , but loving he . . alexander : " when Count kalinin enter the ballroom , he at once - see Colonel oblonsky , very much at he ease with lydia , she two sister and the brilliant natasha karlovna . close shot . yuri and tonya listen on the ' top bunk . alexander ( SOUND ) towards this conspicuous group we hero make he way with awkward but determine step " - close shot , alexander and sasha . - . now we be for it - ( sasha , uncomprehend , nod eagerly ) Colonel oblonsky slightly turn he back and anushka hide a smile behind she fan - " on SOUND a sort of muffle whoop , and the train noise suddenly soften . alexander break off . clcse up . yuri pull back the window and get a vicious faceful of drive snow . , close up . kostoyed laugh delightedly . CUT . music in . exterior railway location day winter - snowing medium tracking shot . on the roof of the waggon thick snow teem at we past the stream red banner , almost obliterate the locomotive up in the front , | medium tracking shot . the locomotive as see from the roof of the front waggon . snow whip at we , up and over . medium close shot . camera shoot along the snow - cover rail from the side of the track . the train approach with its 987 988 989 990 991 992 993 994 995 168 continue snow plough churn up a bow - wave - which envelope we as it pass , CUT exterior railway location night winter - - snowing close tracking shot . the front of the locomotive , the head - light on , snow streaking through its beam . medium tracking shot shoot over the dark funnel of the locomotive into the swirl blizzard ahead light by the headlight . dissolve . music out . Natural interior train noise . interior cattle - waggon studio day close shot . the filthy straw on the floor of the waggon be be sweep and shovel into a heap . close shot . alexander , tonya and sasha watch from a bunk , they face cover above the nese by scarve and handkerchief . 's long shot . the forced labour men , rag round they face , at work shovel the mess towards the door . yuri sprinkle disinfectant . everyone else stand back in the gloom watch , they nose cover . two forced labour men pick up 2 crow - bar and : medium close shot . start work at the door with the crow-bar . it give with a grind of ice . other forced labour men pull it slowly back revealing a brightly light second '' door , a2 smooth curtain of translucent ice and snow . one of the man pick up 2 shovel . the other stand back as he aim a blow at it : exterior railway location day winter -sunlit : snow close shot . the shovel smashes a hole in the ice door revealing a almost blind glimpse of sunlit snow . long shot . the train all white now , fairylike , pants its way through a white Christmas Card landscape under a brilliant blue sky . " 996 / 997 9s8 / 999 1000 1001 1002 1003 1004 1005 1006 1007 169 close shot . camera low , shoot out through the open door over a foreground of heape straw . the last of the ice be break down . the wind sweep in . they start shovel out the | mess . : interior cattle -waggon studio day close shot . a group of travellers wince , duck , turn they back to escape the freezing blast . : medium close shot . shoot from outside . the shovel complete , the man slide back the door with a thump . exterior railway location day winter - sunlit - snow long shot . '' the train steam away from we out of a small cut . it leave behind in foreground the steaming heaps of filthy straw , like the dropping of a beautiful white animal . dissolve interior cattle - waggon studio day long shot . in the '' waggon , for no particular reason , everyone be sing , rock to and for , hairy mouth agape , cheek red , mey shine . close shot . yuri and tonya with sasha between they , rock in harmony on the middie bunk . alexander stand by they contribute a ingenious bit of counter - point to whatever crude melody they be at . yuri and tonya laugh , and she kiss he quickly . close up . kostoyed not sing , watch . he turn away from they , bitter . on SOUND the train noise alter . medium shot . brake go on , the sing falter . a vat of potato slop on the stove with a cloud of steam . the coupling slam and jerk , everyone brace themselves . brake go off , go on again . close shot . the zhivagos . alexander hold on to the bunk . the train slow and slow , all look with curiosity towards : close shot by the door two forced labour men look to militiaman . he. hesitates , but he too be curious as the train be '' now move very slowly . he gesture permission and they go to drag back the door . : . 1008 1009 1010 1011 1012 1013 1014 1015 / 1017 170 close shot . yuri and alexander . daylight flood over they . exterior railway . burnt village locaticn day winter - snow . ( 2 cameras for different Pov for this burnt village shot ) close shot . the door slide back to reveal a long shot of a slowly - pass white glare . then something form in it . tree , the freeze carcass of a horse , a small house with its roof off , blacken timber against the sky . interior cattle -waggon studio day close sect . more and more traveller crowd into the door , among they yuri and alexander , look out past camera at : . exterior railway burnt village location day winter - snow . ! . medium long shot tracking . they Pov . a huddle of hut , burn virtually to the ground . more animal carcass ; a village church , blacken below , half the dome go like the shell of a egg , revealing a smoke- blacken fresco . the deed precede the blizzard as all be well cover with snow . interior cattle -waggon studio day close up . tonya , at the back of the crowd around the door , stand on tip - toe see : exterior railway burnt village location day winter - snow close shot . the silhouett head of people in the doorway , village pass behind they , then without warning ( train noise alter ) dark station building abscure the whiteness . medium tracking shot . look ahead , the platform sweeping by . ruine and blacken building out of which emerge half a dozen dreadful look men and vomen wave to the train to stop . the engine whistle warningly . on scund we hear it gather speed . interior cattle -waggon studio day close shct . travellers watch , include yuri and alexander . 1018 1019 / 1020 1021 / 1022 1023 1024 1025 1026 1027 171 exterior railway burnt village location day winter - snow close tracking shot . a middle - age and raddle woman make a run towards the waggon door . she be carry a tiny child , as she draw level camera pan back with she as she gather all she strength for the final effort . woman ( shout up into the waggon ) help I brother , for the love of God ! interior cattle -waggon studio day close shot . one or two man include yuri kneel into picture hold out they hand . exterior railway burnt village location day winter-snow close tracking shot . the run woman on the platform see over the head of the crouching man in the waggon door . on SOUND the engine noisy now , gather speed . they grab at she once - and miss . she fall back a pace or two . everyone start yell encouragement at she . she gain on the train a little , hold out the baby - someone grab it . close up tracking . the woman run desperately . on SOUND yell and train noise increase . interior cattle -waggon _ studio day close up ( hand-held ) hand reach out from the train . blurr face in background shouting . exterior railway burnt village location day winter - snow , , close up tracking . the wcman near the end of she strength . a horrify look ahead : . medium tracking shot . the end of the platform sweeping towards she . medium shot . camera near the end of the platform where , at the last moment , the woman be grab by that in the open doorway her leg swing out over the track . be 1028 1029 1030 1031 1032 172 close tracking shot . over the leg , head and shoulder of that in the waggon we see the woman scream with fear , she rotten clothing tear and someone clutching she hair , the track racing behind she . she be haul up like a sack and lie on the floor unconscious . . . interior cattle -waggon studio day close shot . yuri rise into picture face to face with tonya who say : . . . tonya yuri , the child 's dead ... the daylight fade . there be a crash as the door be slam to . cur lo exterior railway location sunset winter - : snow medium shot . the train approach out of a red sunset . the headlight be switch on as the locomotive thunder by into : reverse shot . the black eastern horizon . the headlight trace a travel circle of white along the snowy track . dissolve interior cattle - waggon studio night medium shot . in the waggon , night . the woman be greedily eat from a can , seat on tonya 's bunk . alexander have the swaddle and bound body of the child on he knee . all ebullience go , he caress it with mindless pity , look more than he age , he red - rimmed eye fulloftear . he be hardly hearing the talk about he , think of anna , wishing he be with she . tonya have a pan from which she refill the woman 's can when the woman thrust it out . a ring of face surround they . the woman , a hard - face , ingratiate , middie-aged peasant , apologetically cheerful : woman tt be not my child dear , and he little soul 's in Heaven now , that 's certain . there be a good deal of sympathy for she . militiaman cautiously : 173 1032 / continue 1037 militiaman who do it , comrade , the whites ? woman the whites - ? ( sense a political delicacy here . flatly : ) no ... streinikov . a murmur " strelnikov " , and a discreet dispersal . militiaman ( uncomfortably stern ) well then , you must have do something . woman ( indignant for the first time ) '' it be not we , comrade - the General say we would sell horse to the whites - but it be not we - it be that pig in kuniko - we tell he . but he do not believe we . kostoyed _ T expect you be lie . woman as God 's my witness - kostoyed - but he be not . ( he stare she down ; we realize she may be lie ) General strelnikov be a great man . ( to sasha , who be look up at he , awed : ) a General sasha , and he life on bread and water . sasha ( to yuri ) do he ? yuri I do not know . they say so . kostoyed it 's true . ( to sasha again , rhetorical ) no - one know where he come from , and they never know where he be - woman ( laconic ) he 's back up the line . kostoyed yes ? ( with satisfaction ) someone 's for it , eh ? militiaman and other move away , uneasy . 1032 / 1037 10338 1039 1040 174 continue sasha ( puzzle ) . daddy ... be General strelnikov a good man , or a bad man ? kostoyed ( delighted ) answer you son . yuri : he 's very good and very cruel , alexander ( bitter ) a bolshevik Saint . kostoyed he 's no bolshevik . the bolsheviks will do for strelnikov . when he 's do what they want for they . he 's a free man ; like I . they do not like that , the bolsheviks ... ( look at yuri ) they do not like clever man , either ... the waggon give a violent sideways lurch . they cling to they punk . then the brake begin to goon . a chorus of exasperate groan . : . alexander ( quite shrill , near to break point ) ob really , not again ! what this time ? exterior railway location day for night winter - snow long shot . the train slide into a overgrown siding , in the moonlight , nowhere . interior cattle - waggon studio night close shot . alexander and tonya . the waggon lurch to a halt . . tonya ( sooth ) never mind , Father . get a good night 's sleep . alexander ( his eye on the bundie on he knee ) I know what I be go to do . dissolve exterior railway location dawn winter - snow close shot . grey dawn . a small grave , a mound of black - brown 1040 1041 1042 1043 1044 1045 1047 175 continue earth in the whiteness . camera pan up along footmark in the snow into a long shot of the train in the siding . most of the passenger have alighted . some walk about , other stand idly '' and shiver , morose , by the track . medium close shot . the zhivagos in a little group include the woman . someone . say 's . someone oo look ! bead turn . tonya pick up sasha . close up . tonya hold sasha . tonya sasha , look ! long shot . a glimmer line of mountain on the horizon , reveal by the rise sun . on SOUND someone say : someone ( SOUND ) the ural . close up . yuri , the sunlight now pink on he face . on SOUND tonya tell sasha . : os : tonya ( SOUND ) that 's where we be go darling . turough the mountain and into the Forest , and then it will be much warmer . close up . tonya and sasha . sasha ( nervously ) . will there be wolf in the Forest ? a murmur of laughter . a mournful howl from the far distance - the siren of a train . tonya and sasha turn : long shot . shoot up the centre of the main line . passenger be run off the track , form a avenue on either side , all look at the howling but still tiny object approach dead- centre of picture . close shot . the zhivagos watch , on SOUND the approach siren grow louder . : . 1049 1050 1051 1052 1053 1054 1055 1056 1057 1058 . 1059 176 long shot . from the roof of we train , frame in foreground by the droop red banner , the main line and the rapidly approach express . close shot . the woman , frighten and back slowly away . long shot . the express much nearer still , its siren continuous , louder and more sirident . the rise sun emphasise a just - visible splash of red on the locomotive . : close shot . a line of sailor beside they special coach . all seem impressed and excited . medium shot . the express hurtle towards we at speed - a red locomotive head by some low - sling carriage - gun stick out . big close up . the woman , now really frighten . long shot . from the roof of we waggon . the express rush through the line of passenger , bellow . it be a armoure train , precede by a armoure carriage and draw four or five other in the middle of which be a passenger coach . with a bang it roar past . close shct . the sailor raise they clench fist in salute and yell , " streinikov ! ! " above the din . medium shot . from the roof of the waggon the armoure train hurtle away down the line , its slip-stream seem to draw a crackle salute from the red banner on the special coach for a figure on the observation platform at the rear . . close shot . the woman from the burn village . woman yes ... that 's streinikov . close tracking shot . strelnikov on the platform , he have come out here to share the suffering of the muffied red army sentry , who stand behind he . he seem indifferent to the icy blast which lash at he black leather overcoat and whip he breech about he leg ; he black leather glove be clench on the guard rail . his pale , scar , spectacle face be immobile . itis pasha . long shot . his armoure train whirl away from we towards the mountain , glint in the sun . fade out 1060 1061 1062 1063 " 1064 1065 177 * the theatre light be on at the end of the interval . on SOUND , behind draw curtain , the train be descend a gradient , the rhythm accelerate excitingly , the locomotive whistling - as if call the audience back to they seat . continue for some thirty second . house light dim . curtain part . then : exterior railway canadian unit day spring - snow long shot tracking . a pin-point of light appear in the centre of the black screen , rapidly expands - we be emerge from a tunnel - camera on front of the train . we rush downhill , out into sunlight , melting snow , a glimpse of grand mountain scenery , snow - cap peak , forest , green valley below we . the line ahead immediately curve into another tunnel - which engulf we - but a short one . we slam out of it into another moun - tain vista with distant foothills swathed in mist . . interior cattle -waggon studio day long shot . the waggon shudder and lurching under the speed of the train . everyone rather - excited hang on tight , cooking utensil dance on the floor . on SOUND a great noise from the racing wheel screeching and clatter down the gradient ; suddenly change into a roaring echo as the train enter another tunnel . ' ' close shot . alexander , one arm round tonya , the other grip the upright of the middle bunk where they be sit . .@lose shot . yuri and sasha lie on they stomach on the top bunk , they head by the window . on scund the train leave the tunnel . yuri give a quick glance through the window and raise sasha to it . . exterior railway canadian unit day spring - . snow long shot tracking . camera shoot straight out of the side of the train . lower now . spectacular mountain scenery quickly drop away toa mist-cover valley . . interior cattle -waggon studio day close up . yuri and sasha . , sasha withdraw he face from the window to let he father look , but as yuri do so the window black out as the train enter another tunnel . . 1067 1068 1063 1070 1071 1072 1073 '' 178 ( revise 19.2.65 ) close shot . kostoyed laugh up at yuri . the trein jurch into a curve . kostoyed have to hold on tight . long shot . everyone hang on tight . the cooking utensil slide slowly across tne floor . the train level out , the engine shriek . exterior railnay MAIN unit day spring - fog medium shot . cahera on top of first waggon , locometive in foresround . we burst out of the tunnel into a wall ef mist , glimpse the trunk of tree flick past . the SOUND muffle . dissolve '' interior cattle - waggon studio day ° spring - fog . close up . yuri awake in darkness and silence . into the silence , the SOUND of run water . extericr railway forest siding location day spring - fog : : . long shot . the train white with hoar-frost , in a Forest siding , the engine go , shroud in early morning mist . . close shot . the window of the zhivagos waggon sly back and yuri be eye appear . he see : a red army sentry drift past among the shroud tree . yuri shut the window and lie back . camera pan down to the dimly light bunk where sasha lie beside he mother . he lean out of the bunk look upwards . > sasha ( plaintive ) daddy ... — _ — eer er oe 179 . ( revise 19.2.65 ) ~ 1074 close up , yuri turn he head slichtly . sasha ( SOUND ) ... what 's that noise ? yuri ( whisper ) it 's only a waterfall . sasha ( scund . a pause , then : ) no , the other noise ? we hear the other noise , a unsteady spasmodic tumble . yuri gun , sasha . . sasha : be they fight ? yurt : they sust be . it 's a long way away ..- let 's go the sleep ... 1075 close up . sasha disappear into the shadow . 1076 1077 1078 1079 1080 1081 1082 1083 1084 1085 1086 180 close up . yuri . but he do not go to sleep . the sound of the waterfall , overcome the gun again , be make he restless . dissolve exterior railway forest siding location day spring - fog : medium long shot . the ghostly trunk of tree , birdsong . a brief grumble of gunfire . the sun a white glow over all . yuri appear through the tree look around for the waterfall . close shot . he stop , listen . the sound of the waterfall no nearer . he look upwards , see something and walk in that direction . medium tracking shot . yuri be pov . the sun , just visible as a white disc , flitting between the tree . medium shot . yuri come out of the tree , run down 2 steep bank and find himself back on the railway stand at a junction of two line . he hesitates , select one line and walk along it towards camera which track back in close shot before he , tree , mist and birdsong all about , on SOUND there be a sudden hiss of steam . he check ; ° medium shot . the wedge - shape snout of strelnikov 's train confront he . . close shot . yuri cautiously take a couple of pace sideways . medium shot , three men be just visible in the mist , talk to the driver . close up . yuri withdraw hastily but on SOUND : adc ( SOUND ) stop he ! yuri run . on SOUND several other shout . ' medium shot . adc and armyman run towards yuri from the train . . close panning .shot . yuri run slap into a red army sentry who fling he expertly to the ground as another sentry run out of the mist . '' 1087 1088 1089 1080 1091 , 1092 1093 1094 «181 close up . yuri . his arm be twisted up behind he back . yuri look ... second sentry ram he face into . the ground . camera pan down yuri 's body where first sentry search he pocket . adc 's foot come into picture . close shot adc come toa standstill . a middle - age man , 's a promote sergeant . yuri 's papers be put into he hand . close shot . yuri . sentry return to the search ; grunt as he feel something metal in a pocket , glance at yuri with something like respect . but all he pull out be yuri 's roll of knife , fork and spoon which he hand up to : close shot . adc who take they . - adc ' that all ? sentry ( SOUND ) that 's all . adc withdraw the knife from the roll . close shot . camera pan with yuri as he be yank to he foot , he face scratch and bruise . his eye travel downward to : close up , the adc 's finger feel the point of the knife . close up . yuri , he eye go back to the adc . on SOUND : adc ( SOUND ) bring he . yuri be hustle forward . cuT interior strelnikov's train studio day close shot . strelnikov 's office on the train be austere and clean . pasha sit at a table look through yuri 's papers , he other belonging before he . he wear even thicker spectacle than he use to , but look tougher . the scar now a establish feature of 1094 1095 1096 1097 1098 / 1100 182 continue he face . military smart , in command of himself and everything . he put the papers on the desk and nod to : medium shot . the adc stand at the door . he open the door disclose a glimpse of the rest of the coach , a military office where yuri stand guard by the two sentries . adc motion to yuri who come forward into the room . on see pasha he '' look startle , not quite sure whether or not this be the formidable rapscallion who take lara from the sventytsky 's Christmas Party . yuri come to a standstill in close up look down at pasha . close up . pasha . he look at yuri penetratingly as adc take up a position behind he . : pasha who send you here , Zhivago ? close up . yuri yuri . no one send I here , General . I be go to yuriatin , with my wife and child . they're on the train from Moscow - ( he gesture ) close shot . pasha and yuri . pasha yes , we have check that . ( he do not take he eye from yuri ) yuri then - ? pasha you put you knife with a fork anda spoon and it look quite innocuous . perhaps you travel with a wife and child for the same reason ? yuri ( horrify ) no. pasha yuriatin be occupy by White Guards . be that why you be go there ? 183 1098 / continue . 1100 . yuri . no ! we be go on , to varykino , pasha not through yuriatin . it 's under shellfire . yuri General , I be not a White agent . pasha no , I do not think you be . all right , kolya . thank you , comrade . sit down , Doctor . kolya , go along . yuri sit opposite pasha . adc place a revolver on the table , pasha pick it up , hand it back . take it , take it . '' 4101 mediumshot . adc reluctantly take it , follow sentries from the room . 1102 / close shot . yuri and pasha . 1106 . . . pasha ( his tone light but he glance unwaver ) it 's not as silly as it seem . there have be one or two attempt . ( raise voice ) and go away from the door ! ( he seem to relax ) be you the poet ? - yuri answer cautiously throughout what follow , aware that whatever else it be , it be not a literary discussion . yuri yes . pasha iuse to admire you poetry . yuri 's thank you . pasha I should not admire it now ... yuri look at he warily . his tone be discursive but he eye be sharp , and he toy " idly " with the knife . ese — ~= ser 184 1102 / continue 1106 pasha ( cont ) I should find it absurdly - personal . do not you agree ? feeling , insight , affection . ( he wrinkle he nose ) it 's suddenly trivial , now . you do not agree . you be wrong . the personal life be dead in Russia . History have kill it . ( a pause ) 1 can see how you might hate I . yuri ( mildly startle , then puzzle ) T hate everything you say ; but not enough to kill you for it . pasha you have a brother . . ' yuri ( surprise again ) yevgraf ? pasha yevgraf . yes . the policeman . yuri I do not know that . pasha perhaps not . a " secret " policeman . do he send you here ? yuri a yevgraf ? no ... yevgrati 's a bolshevik - ( the faintest non-committal nod from pasha . yuri sense deep water ) ..- I do not know anything about - this thing . pasha 's or you know a great deal . ' when you come in , you recognise I . how ? have someone show you photograph ? ' yur ! no. pasha : be certain that you recognise I . yuri hesitates , but there be nothing else for it : yuri T have see you before , General . pasha flip a look , almost alarmed at he . pasha when ? yuri six year ago . pasha stiffen . 185 1102 / continue - 1106 1107 pasha go on . yuri Christmas eve. you ... his voice tail . pasha be look at he in the role of strelnikov . pasha ( very quietly ) you be there ? ( hard ) or have someone tell you this ? yuri L attend to the man , who be injure by you wife . pasha ( his look become relieved , malignantly triumphant ) . why do you call she my wife ? yuri . I meet she again . we serve together on the ukranian Front . now in pasha 's dreadful stare come a element of something frighten ; and like most frighten man he look dangerous . very carefully : . I be sure she will vouch for I , if she 's with you . pasha 's face go stiff with pain for just one second , then he relinquish the knife and with surprising clumsiness , distastefully shove knife , fork , spoon across the table . yuri take then , understanding that this mean acquittal but wait for the explanation . Rolling up the cloth he look at pasha warily . pasha I have not see she since the War . she 's in yuriatin . yuri do a horrify double - take . look out of the window . exterior forest siding location day spring - fog medium shot . yuri be Pov through the window . the misty tree , the sun in the mist , the mist lift . on SOUND rumbling gun . '' yuri ( SOUND ) yuriatin ! ' pasha ( SOUND ) the private life be dead . 1108 / 1111 1112 186 interior strelnikov's train studio day medium close shot . yuri and pasha . pasha . for a man with any manhood . he be watch yuri with cold contempt as he fold up he thing . yuri rise ; struggle to curb himself but : yuri we see a sample of you manhood on the way . a place call mink . pasha ( a shadow on he face ) they would be sell horse . to the whites . yuri : : no . it seem that you burn the wrong village . pasha . they always say that . and what do it matter ? a village betray we , a village be burnt . the point 's make . yuri : you point . they village . pasha ( rise swiftly , call ) kolya . a beat of silence . they confront each other . and what will you do , with you wife and child , in varykino ? URI ( look away ; he must curb himself ) just live . : adc come in . , pasha ( curtly ) . ake he away , he 's innocent . ( bitterly ) of everything . cut exterior forest siding location day spring - fog close shot . armoure outside door of carriage - Office crash open and yuri , white - face , tumble out into the-thinn mist . adc descend and say : | adc you be lucky ... and lead the way across the track , camera panning with they . 1113 1114 1115 1116 1117 1118 e oo =I interior strelnikov's train studio day close shot . camera shoot up fromoutside the window of pasha 's office . he stand there watch yuri . back rigid , hand behind he , strelnikov . the misty sun reflectedin the. glass give he a remove , wraith - like quality . on SOUND distant gunfire . exterior forest siding location day spring - fog medium long shot . the locomotive , with steam up and icicle go , be back in front of the train . . it toot -toot impatiently . yuri and adc appear through the mist . close shot . alexander , he arm round tonya at the open door of the waggon . they anxious face lighting as they see : . medium panning shot . yuri and adc hasten towards the train , the engine toot impatiently . travellers lean out of waggon door watch as yuri , still grim , reach the train and be help up by alexander , draw with anxiety and patting he back wordlessly . : . : : interior cattle -waggon studio day close shot . tonya wait in the darimess of the waggon . ready to faint with the release of pent anxiety . hold out she arm to yuri . on SOUND the crash of the waggon door , leave they in the too-familiar semi-blackness . he embrace she , kissing she hair , she cling tohim . they be jolted as the train start . : alexander steady they , a arm on each , as the sway , rumble of wheel and noise from the locomotive begin all over again . yuri raise he face from tonya 'os head to say to alexander . yuri we have be divert . d' you know where we be go ? alexander yes ... ( atire smile ) varykino halt . yuri ( take it in ) oh thank god. ( bend to she again ) close up . kostoyed ( who have be among the curious face all about they ) now skip back to he bunk . he shout above the gather train noise : kostoyed comrade : ... ( he grin expectantly , sly ) there will be three empty bunk here to-night ! 1119 1120 1121 1122 1123 1124 1125 . 1126 1127 188 long shot , a pause . then a rush of the bunkless . '' a weak - to - the - wall scrimmage of a dozen desperate people develop rapidly . close shot . the zhivagos , alarmed , make a dash towards the bunk . close shot , tonya 's bunk in foreground , the fight passengers in background . sasha crouch in a corner , frighten , as one mar already in possession be haul out by two other man who then fight between themselves . yuri grab sasha from the bunk , hand he to tonya . look upwards . : close shot . yuri 's bunk . another scramble for possession . the zhivagos thing be throw aside inciude the balalaika which yuri take and hold up at arm length . medium shot . the fight round the bunk . Chaos . on SOUND the train slamm over point beneath the yell . close up , kostoyed laugh above the uproar . dissolve , exterior varykino halt location day spring long shot . varykino halt . the train puffing away from the sunlit little country station leave a bless silence . the zhivagos maroon on the platform with they baggage look around they . . Sunshine and tree in bud . barely open daffodil and crocus in the flower bed . no sign of snow . a tiny Red flag nail above the portico in obedience to some regulation merely emphasise the old - world nature of the rest of it . close up . tonya , look around , breathe it all in with passionate gratitude . tonya how lovely ...! oh how lovely ...! medium shot . the zhivagos on the platform , the train now almost out of sight . alexander walk a few pace cal . tentatively : , alexander hello ...? % hello ...? no-one . then see : 1125 . 1129 1130 . 189 and 190 ( revise 19.2.65 ) medium long shot . running across the road from he cottace , struggle into he ancient uniform coat as he run , the station master . close shot . alexander , the other behind he , smile wistfully . , nedium panning shct . station master , a somewhat flustered and elderly person with a fork white bearc , trot in through a wicket gate and stop in close shot with alexander , stare incredulously . station master we. Alexander maximicvich ? alexander , grubby , bearded scerecrow , smile faintly . alexander yes it 's I , petya . ( staticn master whin off he hat and kiss he hand ) now , now , now . that 's ali do with you know . at which , much move , they embrace . then , come apart . how can we get to the house , petya ? staticn master have a moment 's unegsiness , he eye ' shifting uncertainly ; then , determinedly : scene 1133 station haster as you always do , you honour ! dissclve ° number 1131 tc 1132 CUT exterior forest road location spring a pony and trap , cecupy by the family , drive by station master , pull by a mare accompany by she foal , approach up a sun-stripe mountain read between tall conifer . spting growth of grass and wild flower on either hand . the road leveis , a sudden sense of lightness , openness , sunshine , breeze on they face , all turn cne way . staticn waster rein in . 1134 1135 1136 1137 191 ( revise 19.2.65 ) they Pov . the wall of tree have drop away from one side of the read , disclose a Forest panoram . below and beyond the . plane after plane of tree - furred hillside recede before then , modulate from green to blue , with the shadow of white cloud cruise lazily . . they face relaxed . but alexander grunt : alexander _ what 's that , petya ? Forest Fire ? they Pov . above and teyond a distant hill , a column of smoke rise to form a hang canopy . on SOUND : station master ( SOUND ) Forest Fire , you lonour ? that 's yuriatin . close shot . yuri be reaction . poor soul . first the reds , then the ghites - and now the reds again . that strelnikov ... he heart oust be dead . station master whip up the horse and the trap move . sasea lock from the grave face of he father to he mother . tonya ( brightly ) . we will soon the there now , sasha . station master . another five mile ( he be look uneasy 2 gain ) . alexander : be it that far ? one forget ... ( look at staticn master , curiously : ) how be the place ? statign master ( awkwardly ) tell enough , you ionour ... it 's all lock up , you know ... dissolve scene usher 1138 to 1149 CUT 1156 192 . ( revise 19.2.65 ) exterior varykino location day spring extreme long shot . varykino House , a old hunting Lodge stand beside a distant group of silver poplar , alone and desert on a vast Russian steppe . the road , which end at the house , wind up through uncultivate grassland into foreground of picture where a weather - beat shrine stick up from the unreclaime landscape . : a covey of partridge whir away as the horse and trap 1is1 1152 1153 1154 1155 '' 1156 / 2160 enter picture anc trot off towards the house . close tracking shot . yuri end tonya excitedly raise sasha between they , the better to see the house . music mount . , long shot . tracking . they Pov of the house come nearer . close up tracking . alexander , deeply move by the homencome long shot . camera pan with the trap 2s it round the group of poplar , swing into the overgrown forecourt and stop in front of the house . nobody move for a moment or two . all sit lock around . the end of they journey . they Pov . in the gloom of the verandah something white flap on the front door . alexander glance frowninzly at the embarrassed station master , prepare to alight . close shot . the front door , a weather - stain notice affix to it with rusted nail . the door secure by a heavy hasp and padlock screw onto it with brutal disregard . station master ( foolishly , repeat ) 's . all lock up , you see ... yuri and tonya have descend from the trap and follow , alexander come down the verandah step . he be quietly enraged at be thus exclude , not from he property but from he memory . he say curtly : alexander . a body styling itself the yuriatin Committee of Revolutionary justice nas expropriate my . heuse in the name of the people - 193 ( revise 19.2,65 ) 1156 / continue 1160 he stoops and with surprising energy wrench a big lump of rock from the ground , advance towards the . door say : alexander ( cont ) ~- very well ; I be one of the people . station master , hat off again , arrest he beseechingly : station master do not , alexey maximiovich - they would call it counter- revelution . alexander ( authoritative ) petya , get out of ny way . yuri Father , do not ( alexander swing on he ) petya bring we here . that make he a counter- revolutionary too . they shoot counter- revolutionary . station master nod eagerly to yuri , make a helpless apologetic gesture to alexander , look frail and vulnerable . alexander cast the rock away from he , stalk from they and stcp , he back very stiff and still . station master ezgetly to yuri : station master | it 's not the reds in the town , you honour , it 's the reds in the Forest . he eye unconsciously wander cver the horizon . over ( SOUND ) partisan . '' yuri ( softly ) here ? station master ho know you honour ? they go where they want . ( sadly significant ) and they do what they want ... : yuri all we want be a roof , petya , and a bit of garden . be there nowhere ? station naster like . he for he understanding , uncondemn . 1156 / 1160 1161 1162 / 1164 1165 / 1166 1167 194 ( revise 19.2.65 ) continue station master ( dubious ) they do not lock the cottage ..- yuri and toya turn . music . long sect . the zkivagos , carry they few possession , yuri with station master , tonya follow with she arm threugh alexander be , hold sasha with she other hand walk away from the House towerd 2 two ~ room wocden outhouse off the drive . it be neglect , and the ground abcut it overgrown . but it be pretty . onee and the sun shine on it now , station master push open the unlock dcor . intericr outhcuse location day spring long shot . Dust fall as they enter . it be dirty , dark , forlorn . the window eat opaque with grime . a table with a miss leg and a stove be all the furniture . gun rack , antler head - one hang crookedly - and a massive wolf - skin nail to the wall . ( sasha look at this in silence ) after a peuse : : yuri ( encouraginrly , but quiet ) oh yes , we can manage here . staticn master this work ( he rattles the stove ) . I will fetch yeu sone stick of furniture . yuri ( tentative ) . »». and some seed potato ? station master nod quickly , grateful for yuri be gratitude , avoid alexander be eye . he go and throw open a rear door , a smal wilderness . station master ( SOUND ) the garden 's dreadfully run back . close shot . yuri look out . yuri yes ... thank you . dissolve 1168 12684 1169 1170 195 ( revise 17.5.65 ) beterior varyeino location day autumn long seot . the outhouse , smoke rise from its chimney into 2 heavy autuun blue . against one wall a mounsein of log . the garden sransforn into a well - cultivate plot . yuri , stooping fron the waist be welkinsg backwards lift potato from the soil into a bucket . sasha in background with diminutive hairy pony . yuai glance at he . close shot . sasha be feed the pony with a hendful of fresh dandelion shoot ( or some other titbit ) . - they be old friend , the pony grecdy and the child not nervous nor particularly excited . close shot . yuri come to the ond of the row , straighten himself . though in shirt - sleeve , he retain he weistcost and ell in all , despite he work - blacker nend , look . nothing like a country : man . his face be calm but not relaxed ; he hes impose calm on himself . he look eround , pick : up another already fill bucket , and go towards the outhouse . . interior outhouse location day autumn long shot . Inside , the two room have be tren — - form with loving industry and be as nearly 2 home as possible , but en air of inprovisation , preceriousness persist ; & @iscoloration of whe well show where the wolfskin hang . alezander be seat read a btere book while tony be brush oarth from a hillock of potato and put they in store reck . allove she head hang rope of onion . alckanter look up as yuart enter . : . 1170 continue alexander be that the lot ? yuri just about . 1171 close shot alexander alexander | well do my boy . I must say ... scratch a Russian and you will find a peasant . I always say so . 1172 close shot . tonya and . yuri , who be now helpingher . she speak softly but be angere on she husband 's behalf by she father 's complacency : tonya . well you be wrong . he 's work like a peasant but he 's not a peasant . yuri a little startle . look up and say ; sincere : yuri . I do not mind it , tonya . she look at he dubiously , know that there be something that he mind , wonder what it - be if not this . . really . it 's a good life . alexander enter picture , much relieved . alexander certainly it be . I should not be surprised if you two look back on this time as one of you best . tonya glance at yuri , troubled . alexander gently kiss she . say to yurl . awfully glad about the expect new arrival , yuri ... Anna be bear here you know . yuri ( softly ) oh no I do not . oh I be very glad . on SOUND a horse snort . alexander turn : 1173 1174 1175 1176 1177 1178 . 197 medium shot . camera shoot through the window where mikulitsin approach carry a bag , leave he horse in the drive . alexander ( SOUND ) ah , here 's winge mercury ... close up . alexander as he reach the window and peer through . look a bit down in the mouth . long shot . mikulitsin enter , dump the bag on the table , take from it packet and package , some he , some theirs . alexander what news from yuriatin , dmitri ? mikulitsin ( plate - face ) . no lard , no sugar , oil next week perhaps ; flour , salt , coffee , nail . ( he remain motionless ) close shot alexander and mikulitsin alexander ( quietly , fearfully ) bad news ? ( and as mikulitsin look up at he } ' oh Lord , not another purge ... mikulitsin no. strelnikov 's go . close up yuri , attentive . alexander ( SOUND ) well that 's not bad news . mikulitsin ( SOUND ) no. he 's in mancuria ; they say . medium shot mikulitsin pull out a local paper , print on grey newsprint . that 's the news . he put it on the table and go . as the door slam everyone look back at the paper . alexander pick it up and sit . yuri and tonya also sit , look at he . after a moment he lower the paper , say quietly : 1178 1179 198 continue alexander . they have shot the Tsar . andall he family ... oh that 's a savage deed ... ( he look down and up again ; burst out , bewilder : ) what 's it for ?. yuri it 's to show there 's no go back . all three remain as they be , silent and still , while on SOUND the wind begin to moan and : ' dissolve exterior varykino outhouse location day winter-snow long shot . the outhouse in winter , bleak under a dull grey sky . _ a moan wind blow little tendril of ice particle over the 1180 1181 1182 1183 1184 1185 freeze snow . exterior outhouse studio day winter close shot from outside we see yuri look from a window whose case be bound in bar of ice . exterior outhouse location day winter-snow medium shot . the garden obliterate as the graveyard be obliterate ; a bunch of tumbleweed be blow across it as the wreath be blow from he mother 's grave . exterior outhouse studio day winter close up yuri at the window as before . long shot Inside the room alexander be gaze listlessly at the stove . he raise he eye as yuri turn from the window and sit at the table near the window . close shot yuri at the table . on it lie a unused notebook and a pencil with which he toy absently .. on SOUND a familiar thumping noise . he look up at : . medium shot . his Pov . tonya '' assist '' by sasha be irone , frame in the connect door to the next room . steam rise round she , as it rise round lara in the hospital , but no sunlight fall on she , nor anywhere else in the little place . we 1185 1186 1187 1188 1189 1190 199 continue feel now that they domestic improvisation , though heroic , be inadequate . . close shot yuri turn back ; start doodling with the pencil . the iron thump . the wind moan . on SOUND . tonya ( SOUND ) yuri , why do not you go into yuriatin ? the pencil slip from he finger . he do not know , for once , what to say . and before he can think : alexander ( SOUND . with disinterested benevolence ) why do not you my boy ? it would do you good . yuri ( unconsciously defensive ) why , what 's in yuriatin ? close shot alexander alexander ' T ' be not Petersburg ; a very decent little library . if it 's still there . long shot tonya I wish you would yuri . yuri ( finaily ) oh no I do not think so . ( get up ) anyway , the road be block ... . he wander back to the window . close up . he stand lock out of the window . on SOUND the moan wind . camera track slowly in to he face . his eye have focus on : big close up . the delicate pattern of frost on the glass . music . the pattern become brighter . camera track closer . sunlight begin to flash on the myriad tiny facet of the ice ... dissolve 200 ( revise 17.5.65 microscope shot wus closd ur. aa snowflake as see through 2 microscope . 1292 1193 1194 1195 1196 1197 1158 12984 i199 2269 a perfection of symmetry . = weaken , melt , run , pecome liquid . the liquid become yollow - pure daffodil yellow fill the screen . . u dissclve . music incrzasing elg close ur. the inside of 2 daffodil . extericr vanyeino loccation day spring a single daffodil . oe close 3 . a group of three or four daffodil . close shot . a dozen . medium shot . score , wave in the wind under the silver poplar 2t varykino . music full strength . close shot . yuri ageinst a carpet of wave yellow . he look up : . medium shot , Silver branch already tip with green , bend against a blue spring sky . tracking shot , the little pony , excited by the spring , tess he head as he trot joyously through the nevw - grow , wind - blow grass , want to . be off . long shot , the house , the poplar and the carpet of daffodil in which yuri stand , wave in the wind . a cloud shadow move by the same wind pass over then , follow by light . dissolve ... husic continue . . interior yuriatin lisrary studig dar cluse up . lara , a shaft of sumlignt across she face . she be sit '' in the library at yuriatin , but she be not read the bock before she . she be . stare as and whnas world have be tilt at : , 1201 1202 1203 1204 * 2004 ( revise 17.5.65 ) : medium sh librarian 7 , her Pov . yuri be spproaching the 's desk . Ho pick up a application slip . big close up . lara watch he . close shot , yuri fill in the slip . formality complete he be about to turn , big close uf . zara look down quickly , agitate . then look up quickly , fceling : continue page 201 , scene 1205 , 48 is. 1205 1206 1207 1208 1209 201 medium shot , her Pov . ' yurihas stop dead and be stare at she in wonderment . he move forward . — close up , lara look at he , smile , frown , shaking she head a little as though to clear it . . close shot camera panning with yuri as he come up to she . lara Zhivago ? yuri yes . ( smiling helplessly ) how be you ? lara ( as though it be disastrous ) what be you do here ? yuri we be at varykino . . lara ( bewilder ) varykino ? the reader about they sh-sh for silence . they move . CUT , . exterior yuriatin STREET location day early spring close shot . a spin circle of last autumn 's leave chase across a pavement . they disperse in a flurry as yuri and lara 's leg enter picture . / close tracking shot . yuri and lara , close together , walk quickly along a break wall through which we see glimpsis of rubble and other destruction . both of they be radiant , expostulate at they helplessness but not resisting . lara ( laugh ) but why varykino ? yuri : why not ? we have to go somewhere . lara yes but here ... ( rueful ) I come to find my husband . ( wryly ) the one who be report kill . and yuri , see it be not a tragic matter to she : 1209 1210 1211 1212 202 continue yuri strelnikov . ( she stare ) I meet he . lara . met he ? yuri yes ... quick dissolve -exterior yuriatin park location day spring medium long shot . camera shoot down on a barren piece of ground . wind blow a stream of old leave and scrap in the direction yuri and lara be walk , slower now , away from camera . ' close up tracking . yuri and lara , the scamper leave in a constant stream behind they . : lara . do you like he ? yuri streinikov ? ( they walk ) no. ( they walk . gently , discreetly ) do you ? lara inever methim . he would not see we . yuri ( concerned ) you have be on you own ? lara ... do not mind . ( but obviously she have minded very much . he put she arm protectively through he ) you would have like pasha . : he. nod , signify comprehension and sympathy . dissolve medium long shot . shoot down on yuri and lara seat back to camera on the step of a dilapidate bandstand overlook a grey ashphalt space . leave and rubbish chase each other in the cross-wind . 1213 203 close shot . yuri and lara , laugh again now , they back to camera against a whirling of leave . yuri = do you remember how I operate on the tail - board of a cart ? e lara ( lookirig at he , remember it all yes . . yuri ( chuckle ) the Germans be in the next village ! lara yes . yuri : my word we be lucky . she nod she head in vigorous agreement . then she look at he , | say gently and simply : + . 1214 lara . T have think about you a lot . yuri ( look at she ) I have think about you . ( look away , remember ) ob such a lot . they look at one another . a gust of wind blow they hair . he take she hand . they get up . : . CuT to exterior lara' apartment location . day spring medium shot . the camera zoom in towards a window on the first floor of a dilapidate house . as it come to rest in close shot : interior lara' apartment | studio lot 1214a long shot . they be inside lara 's room . it be as we would expect . clean , tiny , cold sunlight come through the window . slowly yuri take he hat off , look around . 0 yuri ( gently ) how long have you be live here ? 204 1214acontinue 1215 1216 1217 1218 lara ( quietly ) about a year . yuri alone . lara with katya . yuri where 's katya now ? lara at school . yuri cross to she , take she and kiss she . it be do without hesitation on either part . they separate , look into each other eye , then : . cuT close up . lara . they kiss again , but now they be in bed . on SOUND the twitter of sparrow , the whistle of the wind . : close up . they two head . he kissing she asshe rotate she | head , she eye close .. yuri draw away a little and look at she , he expression a little ruthless . she open she eye . his mouth descend on hers . - long shot . the empty sit room . yuri 's hat on the floor where he first kiss she , he coat over a chair . on SOUND the sparrow and the wind . the picture be flare by the slow - move reflection of the sun catch in one of the window pane . the shifting beam of light move until the picture become clear . close shot . lara lie quiet . she be look at yuri , she face relaxed , but already she eye shadow with anxiety - anxiety for he , he be utterly relaxed , like she , but stare upwards . lara be tonya with you ? all of we . a pause . 1218 1219 1220 1223 '' 1224 205 continue lara sasha ...? yuri of course . a pause , lara what be we go to do ? the calm leave yuri 's voice ; we hear from it that he be for once up against a wall which he can see no get past . yuri T do not know . he turn he head to she . his expression alter . ' her eye have fill . closeup . lara . a tear roll along she nose and drop . we hear he throw himself towards she and as he appear on frame , lara with she free hand pluck the pillow from beneath she head and wriggle down the bed a little , she eye beneath the tear go chaotic and she mouth open as yuri 's head come down . a stream of yellow appear as : . . dissolve exterior varykino location dawn sfring close tracking shot . camera tracking over the surface of the daffodil at varykino . the track slow and stop as the camera pan upwards into a long shot of the outhouse at dawn . interior outhouse location dawn close shot . yuri and tonya lie inhed . she be asleep . he awake , torment by remorse . he rise , irresolute and restless . medium shot . camera pan with he as he wander over to the window into close shot , he stare wretchedly at : medium shot . his Pov . the daffodil sway in the wind . close uf . yuri at the window . the daffodil have do nothing for he - he look hopeless now . on SOUND : 1224 1225 1226 206 ( revise 19.2.65 ) continue tonwya ( souhd ) yuri ...? he turn . clos é sot , she be half sit up , smile a everyaay smile of affection ac nin ! it 's awfully early be not it ? yuri ( SOUND ) kalf pest six . tonya ishe be use to , and like , he srail - oddness ) what be you do ? close shot . yuri yuri nothing . I could not sleep . tonya ( a little puzzle , but rore amused , above all gently and tolerantly ) shall I cet some tea ? scene 1227 CUT scene 1228 start on page 207 . 1228 1229 1230 1231 1232 dissolve '' - , 207 ~ ( revise 17.5.65 ) yuri ( turn and kissing she ) yes do . she go . music begin . lara music . he lean he forehead gently on the glass , look out at the daffodil . ' the music grow mre insistent . dissolve . music continue . / exterior varyeino location day zsarly sumcr extreme long shot . the shrine and the road to varykine as we first see it when the family arrive , except tha now the grass be long and sprinkle with wild flower . daisics and buttercup grow around the foot of the shrine and beside the road where yuri be trot towards camera on the little pony , its harness of the '' roughest ( ropé and canvas rather than leather ) and ho no expert in the saddle . exterior lara 's house studio day early sullier wediul shot . the camera be shoot through a porch way on to a rather bedraggy courtyard end cul - do - sac fhe entrance to lara 's house . yuri cross the court - yard and enter the porch , '' dark little place with on iron staircase lead upwerd . close shot , yuri . he stop at the foot of the stair take a brick from the wall and a key from the recess . have replace the brick camera pan with he as he mount the stair . . interior lara 's 2 b rling studio day modiuy shot , yuri come up the stair on to a landin ; faintly light by a grimy skylight . there be four door he open one and enter . =r sses ee ~ 1233 1234 2074 lo . ( revise 17.5.65 ) interior lara 's apartment studic day wedium shot . he shut the door . silence . he stand for 2 moment , then wander across the room , camera treck back with hit , disclose @ table laid for three , rose in a vase , everything neat and clean . he sit on a plain couch . he do not look happy . then he look up , he face animated , hearing repid footstep on the steir . ' he rise . close shot . the door open and a eight - year - old ' girl come in breathless . she have pasha 's colour and a intelligent , vital face . she be pleased to see yuri , say : continue page 208 , scene 1234 as be 208 1234 continue katya ( laugh ) hello . ' you be silly - we call and call . 1235 / medium shot . yuri 's attention be on the open door . 1238 : : . yuri do you ? - I do not hear . katya well we do . lara enter the doorway look stun enough to justify the image of the daffodil . - yuri ( softly ) hello , lara . they regard each other for a beat , radiant and lose . lara hello , katya look from one to the other . yuri sense this and look down . : a yuri ( take she to the sofa ) how 's olya petrovna ? katya ( darkly ) she get worse and worse . she give we c.1. and arithmetic all morning ! yuri C , l? lara ( flatly , with a shade of warning ) " Civic instruction " . by way of illustration , and wait he attention , katya sit by he and shove before he notice a exercise book , open : yuri ( look at it with real admiration ) that 's very good , katya . katya it 's the tsar. to — eo eer 209 1239 close up . a spirite crayon of a ogreish monarch with point 1240 1241 1242 tooth and a tall crown , adorn with a teacher 's big tick . yuri ( SOUND ) oh. close shot . yuri and katya . she flip the book shut . '' katya ( with conscious virtue ) the Tsar be a enemy of the people . yuri ( hesitant ) he , er , do not know he be a enemy of the people you know . . katya ( consider it ) well . he should have know , should not he ? yuri ( consider it in turn ) yes , he should . katya ( amuse ) Fancy not know c.l do not you little boy go to school ? — : . a moment 's awkwardness for yuri . lara 's voice on SOUND : lara ( gently ) come on , you . she bend into picture , pick katya up and camera pan with she as she be swing into one of the seat at the table , both laugh . close up . ' yuri smile painfully . dissolve exterior cornfield , location . day summer long shot . camera panning over afield of ripe corn we come to rest ona close shot of yuri and lara , side by side , hand clasped , lie on they back quietly , the sun pour down on they , surround by the golden stuff . yuri 's eye be close . lara look at he dreamily . lara . what be you think about ? 210 1242 continue : - yuri ( drowsily ) . T be not think . lara ( contentedly ) good ... she squint up at : 1243 long shot . the golden sun ina blue sky , fringe by the gently nodd head of corn , on SOUND the sing of a lark , 1244 close up . yuri and lara , she turn she head , look at he with great tenderness . then : lara now you be think . he open he eye . we see he thought be painful . he turn to she not answer . ( very simply ) , thinking no good for we , be it ? yuri ( smile a bit ; shake he head ) no ... move by the same impulse they turn and kiss ... dissolve exterior varykino location day summer 1245 medium close shot . camera craning upwards through the branch and quivering leave of a silver poplar , ( enough to cover a longish dissolve from the previous scene ) finally disclose a long shot of the outhouse with the distant figure of tonya work in the garden . 1246 close shot . yuri , frame in a window , he eye rivetted on she . 1247 medium long shot . his Pov . tonya be bend down pull herb . as she straighten we see she be tremendously pregnant . 1248 close uf . yuri atthe window . his eye heavy with guilt and responsibility . he move from the window . 1249 1250 / " 1252 12520 1253 '' 211 ( revise 17.5.65 ) mwldit shot , tonya cone towards the house . Brown and sturdy as a little pony , walk with she foot apart , hold the bunched herb to she nose , smile to herself . close panning shot . yuri have come out into the gerden to meet she . he come to a standstill block ner way , bis eye dark with admiration and like . she be amused by the intensity of he regard . raise she eyebrow and smile enquiringly . torya ( holding up the nerb to he nose ) smell . yuri sniffe.and nod obediently but still look at she . . what - ? ( but the unborn baby kick ) ooh ! ( her eye laugh excitedly . it kick again ) ow ! this one 's a prize - fighter . ( yet again ) yuri - ! she teke he hand and put it on she belly . they stend look at each other , she proud , he dreadfully ' sober , on SOUND e heartbeat commence . wait a minute ... heartbeat continue . he stare at she , she sceminz : to listen . then : there ! she let he hand drop end almost flaunt away from he , calcra panning with she towards the house . alexander sit before the outhouse in overcoat enjoy the last of the year 's sunshine . he look over to he daushter and husband , approvingly . sasha piey by himself , indifferent . closz shot . yuri look after she in a agony of emotion . on SOUND the neartbeat continue . 212 ( revise 17.5.65 ) 1254 / close shot . tonya , now in the house , the open and 1256 empty door to the garden in background . she pick up a kmife and happily begin to chop the herb , heartbeet continue . yuri appear in the door . she look up a little startied . heartbeat stop . yuri I be go in to yurietin , darling - tonya what ? now ? - yort er , yes . I want to get some morphine , @isinfectant ... ( his voice dry ) tonya ( Gentle , chide ) I sha not need morphine ... well - you never imow , '' he come in and start collect hat and coat . music begin . : : , tonya ( beginning to be puzzle ) well I sha not need it today ? yuri . no. but . 's it 's pretty close . T have not realise ... she smile puzzle and touch by he inarticulate distress , he hurry out through the door , lusic puild . tonya ( Calling efter he ) you will be back before it 's dark ? yuri ( Calling back ) Long before . 1257 alexander look up as yuri half - walk , halflrun from outhouse . music rise . '' l257a 12578 12576 1257d - 1258 1259 / 1260 1261 1262 1263 1264 . 213 . ( revise 17.5.65 ) close shot . with a clatter , yuri wrench harness from hook in dark lean - to stable at the end of outhouse . music rise . close shot . alexander in mild surprise . music rise . . : : ' close shot . sasha look up from play , stare gravely after he father . music rise . they Pov . yuri trail harness , hurry towards the pony . music rise . CUT , music full . medium shot , ' the pony , ride by yuri at a fast trot enter picture and gocs off up the road away from the house . . close shot , ' tonya stand in the outhouse door watch . she be ready to raise she hand to wave to he but : . long shot . he ride on up the slope without turn round . | . . . close up . tonya , alexander , sasha , look anxiously after he . . . CUT . music eut suddenly interior laran apartment . studio day close up . lara leok up , stream with tear . lara : yes , yes , ny darling , do what 's best ! the expression in she . eye pity for : close up . yuri clearly near to tear hinself but secm almost to be raging at ner . yuri ( repeat ) I be not come back ! 1264 1265 1266 213a ( revise 17.5.65 ) continue lara ( SOUND ) I understand . yuri : but never , lera ! close shot . yuri and lara . at this she can only nod a little , the tear pour . you understend ? ( it be himself he be try to make understand ) lara can only help he vy nodd more vigorously . . yuri turn the screw of he suffer the final | notch : . : do you believe I ? she stare a moment , then shake she head , now utterly overcome . he whirl eway from she . on sourd we hear he foot go to the door ; and hear it open and shut with 4 pang . cur i exqdirior forest road location day summer . long shot . camera rather high , look down on the forest road where yuri be return to - varykino . the pony 's rein be loose , yuri uttorly deject . the pony slow , stop . ian and beast _ inert . : continue page 214 , scene 1267 as 15 . 1267 1268 '' 1269 1270 1271 1272 1273 1274 1275 1276 1277 1278 ; 214 close up . yuri , he head low , absorb in think . silence . then , on SOUND , a rise drum and scuffling rapidly become louder , he raise he head , at first puzzle , quickly alarmed . close panning shot . horsemen flicker through the tree . close -up . yuri turn he head to the other side of the road . medium shot . more horsemen , break out of the forest . long shot . the horsemen , expert , some seven in all , engulf yuri . there be a moment 's check and he and they be go into . the Forest . his hat lie on the empty road . close shot . yuri 's hat . medium shot tracking . ( Hand -held ) we be hurl at the gallop between tree . on SOUND the crash and thump of the rider . close tracking shot . ( Hand -held ) a glimpse of yuri between the horsemen . : medium tracking shot . shoot forward and up through the racing tree-trunks . SOUND of the horseman over . the sky appear as we approach a clear . camera whip - pan downward . + cur : forest clearing exterior day summer close shot . camera whip -pan down on to two mount man stand in aclear . liberius and razin . behind they a column of man and horse . liberius , the military Chief , be about the same age as yuri , ' well armed , physically tough and dress in a shaggy sheepskin . razin , the political commissar , be older , unarm , dress in remnant of city clothes , a briefcase strapped to he pannier and not much of a expert with he mouth . both man have they eye on : medium close shot . ' yuri and he captor approach . they be not sinister or desperate , but good-humoured . behind they be more man and horse , that unmounted be get back into they saddy . yuri pull up , hatless , breathe hard and desperately collect stare hard at : close uf . liberius grin . liberius comrade Doctor , I need a Medical Officer . 215 1279 close up . yuri yuri ( curt and formal ) I be sorry . ihave a wife and child at varykino . 1280 closeup . razin . his face bitter . razin ( contemptuous} and a mistress , in yuriatin . 1281 close up , yuri flash he a look . 1282 close shot . liberius and razin .. liberius ' comrade Medical Officer , we be Red partisan : ( and as one who have say tt many time before ) - and we shoot deserter , hup ! ( and turn ) 1283 close shot . yuri , he face shocked and set . music " red cossacks " . the partisan begin to move past , big man on big horse . one of yuri 's captor give hima nod and lead he horse forward , look ahead he see : 1284 medium tracking shot . the back of liberius and razin lead the way out of the clear into the forest . 1285 close tracking shot . yuri look to he side , past camera . 1286 medium tracking shot . his Pov . more horse - and some mule load with machine and maxim gun - all now on the move / across the clear . 1287 close tracking shot . yuri turn and look ahead again : 1288 medium tracking shot . yuri be Pov . the horse in front already inthe tree . as the camera approach the first tree it start to crane upwards through the trunk . quick dissolve exterior forest . scandinavian unit day summer > 1289 long shot . shoot down froma height on to the Forest roof . . the camera pan slowly upwards all the time , more and more tree come into picture as it rise to the distant horizon . we understand for the first time that the Forest be limitless . dissolve 1290 1291 1292 1293 1294 216 exterior forest studioor location summer night close shot . by asmallfire , yuri , razin . liberius , the fire- light gleam on nearby tree-trunks . the blackness beyond pick out by other small fire each show its own group of partisan . : yuri ( sieadily to razin ) where be you take I ? razin to the Front . yuri . and where be the Front ? liberius ( laugh ) good question , Doctor . . close up . razin . a flicker of contempt cross he face but he keep he eye on yuri . razin the Front be wherever there be enemy of the Revolution . where there be one gang of White Guards , one batallion of foreign interventionist , that be the nont , . close up . yuri ( SOUND ) . and wherever there be one resentful bourgeois , one unreliable schoolmaster , one dubious poet hugging ‘his private life - close shot razin and liberius that too , be the Front . liberius silently make the motion of wind a gramophone , grin . close up . yuri look at liberius with surprise but turn back to razin , yuri ( his voice betray he feeling ) how long be you go tokeep I ? 1294 217 continue , razin ( SOUND ) for as ' long as we need you . cut exterior forest scandinavian unit day winter-snow 1295 extreme long shot . a vast winter panorama of distant forest 1296 1297 - 1298 1299 and freeze lake . on SOUND the low moaning of wind . camera pan slowly downward revealing a forest immediately below . _ music " red cossacks " mute and tentative . the downward movement continue - quick dissolve exterior frozen river location day winter-snow medium long shot . camera craning downward through tree , they trunk blast by snow on the windward side . as the descent continue we become conscious that the shadow below be alive with mount partisan , all motionless , look ahead . camera come to rest on a close shot of liberius . he too stare at : long shot . a freeze river with a black forest wall on the far side . nothing move except ice crystal tumble over it in the wind . medium close shot . yuri and razin , both unarm , behind the main group of partisan with the baggage animal . yuri begin - ning to look haggard , wear a rag sheepskin . beside hima mule carry he medical . supplies . . close up . liberius . his concentration building to a peak . music stop . liberius now ! ! 1300 / ( 2 cameras ) medium shot . the tree suddenly alive with 1301 1302 1303 charge horse ; on SOUND a eruption of muffle hoof and shout . ( 2 cameras ) medium close shot . the leg and hoof af horse crash out on to the ice , the SOUND suddenly metallic . ( 3 cameras ) medium shot . shoot down on the white surface of the river , quickly obliterate by charge horseman . 218 and 219 : ( revisee 19.2.65 ) 1304 ( 2 cameras ) fediuy sno0t , siootine down on the river 's eare . more hersowen crash cut on the the ice . 13044 close tracking si0t , liverius lead the charge , _ lookin anead 2t : . 13068 medius tracking s20t. ( sana-held ) ais Pov . the forest wall ayproaca acress the ice . on scund a sudden burst of rifle end machine - cur fire , the black wall fissure with flash pin-peint of ight . : 1304c close tracking sect . a group ef charge partisan . a horse crasn to the ice . 1395 close tracking sect . liedcrius charge . 1306 medium tracaing sict . ( hand - heid ) the forest wall almost on top cf hin . 1307 mediui ! shut . frem ea high angle , the screen fill by charge hetsemen . they varish in 2 sinzle wave inte the black tree . shout ana fire , recedin . a beat of this , then canera zoch back tc tre . glitter surface of the river , litter with motion - less casuzlty . yuri and razin come cut on to the ice . dissclve scene numser 13¢8 to 1319 CUT / scene humbe : , 1326 at top of page 220 also CUT . 220 1320 medium shot . no they be off again , camera panning upwards on they back as they move towards the tree . dissolve exterior cornfield location day summer . 13821 medium shot . camera panning upwards across the surface of a sea of red-gold corn . as camera come to rest on extreme long shot we see that tiny figure be advance towards we in some sort of formation . on SOUND a sudden burst of fire . 14322 medium shot . onthe edge of the Forest , behind a earth wall , the partisan be fire across the corn . they be - sunburn now , bearded , tough and rag , expert with they rifle .. camera pan along they into a close shot of liberius stand next the heavy maxim gun which pound and rattles , jerk . behind he stand yuri . . 1323 long shot . through the corn , the tiny figure waver , go down like target at a fair . . 1324 close shot . liberius and yuri . liberius frown , examine they through he field glass . : . 1325 long shot . ( Long -focus lens ) the distant figure run in panic , some huddle together in group , 2 perfect target . 1326 closeup . liberius watch . the fire intensify . 1327 long shot . ( long-focus jen ) the little figure run in panic , fall out of sight into the corn . . : 1328 close shot . razin watch . 1329 close shot . liberius and yuri . the fire peter out . liberius lower he glass . grunt . liberius hmp . well that be easy ! .... come on Doctor , let 's see what we have do . cut 1330 medium close tracking shot . yuri . razin , liberius wade in the middle of the limitless wave expanse . a dozen or so partisan spread out in a rough line behind they . liberius gain on the other ; come into close up , look ahead : 1331 1332 1333 1334 1335 1336 1337 1338 - 1339 '' 221 close tracking shot . ° his fov . a beaten-down track through the corn . camera follow it disclose a flatten place where a boy in he early teens , dress in a fanciful uniform , lie on he back there , dead among some poppy . . close shot . liberius , yuri and razin come to a standstill , look down . liberius raise he eyebrow , frown , move on . long shot . partisan advance through the corn . other place have be similarly flatten like nest , partisan stand around they , movingon . liberius approach follow by razin and yuri . camera pan down with they to disclose a place where half a dozen boy in variegate uniform lie on they face . one move ; yuri hurry forward . close shot . the boy be lie on he face , he back bloody . yuri bend over he , liberius heip to turn the child over . we see the lettere shoulder flash . . liberius ( with bitter disgust , to yuri ) " St. Michael 's military Academy ... " camera pan up with liberius as he straighten up , look around . close shot . a old man with a saintly face and a flow beard , two medal on he chest , a ridiculous sword in he hand . he look magnificent . close up . liberius , look at he venomously . " ' liberius you old ... bastard . close up . yuri bend over the boy who slump back lifeless . too full of pity and anger to react , yuri replace kit in he box . on SOUND : : razin ( SOUND ; he voice harsh ) it do not matter . yuri look up . close up . razin stand over he like a black -coat , implacable idol . . close up . yuri , with deep curiosity : yuri do you ever love a woman , razin ? 222 1340 close up . razin , a tremor of sorrow , rage - something human in he voice : razin ... lonce have a wife and four child . 1341 close up . yuri . look down , look up again . 1342 medium close shot . yuri be Pov . razin wading away : through the corn . dissolve extreme railway crossing location day winter . 1343 long shot . the partisan , now deplete in number , half of they on foot , trudging away from camera along a country road lead to a ruin level crossing where the head of the column have stop around a cart come from the opposite direction . a few flake of snow drift in the air . 1344 / medium close shot . the group around the cart . the cart , 1346 load with household goods , 2 horse in the shaft . a cow tethere at the rear , be drive by a peasant woman . razin be on one side of the cart . yuri and liberius together on the other . woman say indignantly : . woman you say you be reds , but how do I know ? , and from she point of view the partisan surround she by now look more like half - starve bandit than any kind of troops . but razin lean down from he saddle : razin comrade , do I look like a White ? she flinch . grumblingly , reluctant : woman they be in bulkarin on Monday ? razin sure ? woman ( with sudden passion T should be . : 223 1344 / continue 1346 razin ( nod , satisfied . raise he voice , publicly : ) what do the White Guards do in bulkarin , comrade ? " but the woman be not willing for this to be make political fodder . she glance at razin and away ; in a low woice : woman go and look . razin ( harangue ) marx say : defeat capitalism fight like a cornere beast . ( look about for effect . there be none . ) liberius ( to woman ) where be they ? and even he sneer be mute and he ' do not address the woman directly , leave she to tell razin . woman ( shrug ) North . she point in the direction from where she have come . razin move off , other follow . . yuri D ' you know what 's happen in yuriatin ? woman yuriatin ? she look unconsciously at : 1347 long shot . her Pov . the line where the Arctic sun a silver disc sit on the horizon . partisan move past in foreground . on SOUND : woman ( SOUND ) you be a long way from home , comrade . there 's _ be fight at yuriatin . 1348 medium close shot . woman . yuri , liberius . ( icok at yuri with sympathy ) like everywhere else , eh? 1348 1349 1350 224 continue yuri look longingly up the line . '' liberius , watch he look , say apologetically , even ashamed : liberius : hard time , comrade ... hard time ... yuri move off . long shot . the partisan stream away follow the direction indicate by the woman . she start she cart . snow fall faster now . dissolve exterior derelict building location dusk winter - snowing long shot . dusk . a group of derelict building , probably cattle shelter , on a snow - sweep plain . one or two partisan take the last of the animal into the building . . 1351 / medium close shot . Inside , the partisan leader be hold 1354 a committee meeting , preside over by razin . the extreme discomfort of they surroundings contrast weirdly with the formality which razin impose . his brief -case , now a rag of rotten leather , be at he side , papers type , print and handwritten lie before he . yuri sit a little apart - present at the meeting ex officio . liberius he 's be a good comrade . razin : : he 's be a good Medical Officer . liberius we take he from he wife ; we take he from he child . razin none of this matter . liberius what do matter , comrade commissar ? tell I , . I have forget . razin ( genuine disgust ) this be contemptible . the Doctor stay . ( he begin to pack away he papers ) 225 1351 / continue 1354 _ 1385 1356 1357 1358 1359 liberius ( flaring ) icommand this unit | razin we command jointly . the Party bulletin - liberius sweep the briefcase onto the floor . Dead silence . liberius teould have you take out and shot ! razin and could you have the Party take out and shot ? ... try to understand . as the military struggle near its close , the political struggle intensify . in the hour of victory the military will have serve its purpose . all man will then be judge politically - regardless of they military record . no - one dare look at liberius , on whom virtual - sentence have be pronounce . satisfied that hisascendancy be complete , razin retrieve he briefcase . pack papers into it : see meanwhile , there be still White unit in this area . . - the Doctor stay . that conclude the meeting . dissolve . music distort and spooky . exterior plain location day winter -snow-mist long shot . the partisan plod through snow and mist , away from camera , across a icy wasteland with no horizon . the irregular , apathetic and deplete cavalcade be now mostly on foot . close tracking shot . yuri , mount near the rear , surround by straggling man and baggage mule . close tracking shot . liberius up near the front but no longer in the lead , he be look ahead at : : medium tracking shot . his Pov , over the back of walk man ; razin lead . close tracking shot . razin , bolt upright , look ahead . something catch he eye : 226 1360 medium tracking shot . Pov razin . approach through the mist a little crowd of refugee . they drift aimlessly across the freeze snow like spirit . 1361 close up tracking . razin peer ahead . 1362 medium close shot . the refugee be all woman and child . they have no belunging , inadequate clothes and be at death 's door . 1363 - close shot . razin , he stop he horse and dismount . 1365 camera pan with he into a close shot with one of the women , a tiny thing with a emaciate face who may be quite young . he grasp she . , razin ( gently but firmly ) comrade ; where be you go ? ( she make no answer ) be you run away , . comrade ? emaciated woman ( whisper ) Soldiers .... razin Red soldier or White Soldiers ? emaciated woman Soldiers ... she point , like a child tell tale . razin.lets go.of she . she be mad . : 1366 medium shot . the group around razin and the woman . the partisan look pityingly at the - women . and child . the womer and child stand among the horse without either hope or fear , have make they peace beforehand with anything that can happen . razin mount he horse , move it forward . 1367 close shot . yuri . he turn he head to look at : . 1368 long shot . the arctic SUN , a silver disc low in the smoking mist . - music , lara theme . hesitant . 1369 close shot . yuri . the man and baggage mule begin to move forward around he ; he look ahead at : 1370 medium shot . his Pov . razin and the head af the column disappear from view already . 1371 1372 1373 1374 1375 : 227 close shot yuri . the last few partisan drift past he , each absorb in he own misery . the women and child shuffle by in the opposite direction . he look ahead , wait . medium shot . his Pov , the end of the column float off into - the mist . : medium close'shot . yuri . the women and child fade from view behind he . he turn he horse . CUT . music . lara theme building . exterior railway set location winter -snow long shot . a stretch of desolate railway line point to the SUN , low on the horizon . yuri ride into picture , he horse go slowly and away from we , follow the track . close up tracking . yuri raise he head , look at the pale sun . the lara music " call " to he . he smile faintly . cuut exterior railway location winter-snow 1975a extreme high -angle long shot . the line and the telegraph post tiny , stretch from side to side of the screen across a limit - less snow - white plain . yuri go slower now , the horse 's head hang lower . : _ CUT 1376 1377 1378 1379 medium -long shot . a desert and snow~ - bound halt . prominent in foreground a goods truck against ' buffer . yuri pull up he horse beside it and dismount . close shot . ' yuri go to the waggon where he pull at some stray trap beneath the door . obtain only a handful he use all he strength to slide back the door a foot or so . close up . yuri from inside the van . he reach into the dark interior , scraping together a armful of the stuff . he stiffen , slow ! raise he head : ~ medium close shot . yuri be Pov . huddle in the darkness a family group of scarcely human creature , press back against the wall , glaring at he with desperate fear . 1380 close shot , yuri . he take the straw and leave they , 1381 1382 1383 228 e medium close shot . as yuri go over to the horse , the waggon door in foreground of picture , be slam to from inside with a crash . CUT exterior telegraph pole location day for night snow long shot . a long line of telegraph post stretch to the horizon . yuri riding very slowly away from camera . the horse stumble and stop . yuri dismount and begin lead it onwards . '' = dissolve exterior railway location day snow-mist long shot . . thin early morning mist shroud a desolate section of line where a passenger train , complete with engine , lie abandon . yuri drag he horse towards the train but after a few pace it stop . he drop the rein , go over to the exhaust animal , unhitch he : pannier and walk on a few pace . 1384 1385 1386 _ 1387 1388 1389 1390 '' 1391 close shot . yuri . he stop , turn back toward the animal , uncertain what todo . then , with a glance as if for help towards the silent empty carriage , he take out he revolver and walk out of picture towards the horse leave a long shot of the train . a a pause . on SOUND . a shot . close shot . a carriage window be silently lower . Children 's face , wild and disheve jled . appear . close shot . another window , more child 's face . close shot . and another . all eye peer suspiciously at : medium shot . yuri bump he pannier towards the train ; the. horse lie in the snow behind he . medium shot . the carriage window fill with child 's face . close shot . yuri walk towards the train . on SOUND a babble of childish voice . he stop in close up look at : medium long shot . the child pour from the carriage towards yuri in foreground of picture . they be of all age from five to about twelve ; they be as wild as bird and ferocious as tiger . some of the older one carry a club , a knife , a hatchet . when they reach yuri they stop , hesitant . 1392 1393 1394 1395 1396 1397 1398 1399 1400 1401 1402 229 close up , yuri stare in horror atthem . then : yuri ie close shot . over yuri onto the child . at once half a dozen of the bigger boy , with club or lump of iron , rush at he , he go down . close up , ' yuri lie inthe snow , he hand protect he head against the stampede of fly foot . he glance upwards : close shot . the nightmare vision stream past he look gigantic apocalyptic . : close up , yuri . the scream horde pass by leave he alone . he look up after they : | medium shot . his Pov . the child swarm round the horse . the noise detestably like the noise of a playground . medium close shot . yuri stumble to he foot , he face less frighten than totally shocked . for the first time we see he at the limit of he self - control . he move off down the line . dissolve extreme long shot the mist go . the tiny figure of yuri toil along the line . he stop . close up , ' yuri stand rest for a moment , he breath steaming in the cold air . his condition have deteriorate . around he mouth .. and nostril fang of ice have grow into he beard . after a few moment he look ahead at :. exterior railway set location snow long shot . the SUN above the track . music lara theme . exterior railway location day snow close up . yuri he look at the sun as if at some distant vision ef hope and comfort . the music become poignantly more glorious until he walk out of picture and : CUT . music cut . 1403 1404 1405 230 exterior railway cutting location . dawn snow close shot . three villainous armed men stand round a little brazier beside a railside hut . they be look stolidly at : medium shot . ' yuri approach . we now see thatthey arein a narrow snow - bound cut which force yuri to skirt round they , _ fearful of attack , in no condition to defend himself . he flinch when one of the man make a sudden movement but : close shot . ' yuri . the man have throw he a black roast potato which yuri catch . he nod , break off the blacken smoking skin , more grateful for the human gesture than the food . yuri : I be - ( cough brokenly ) I be go to yuriatin . 1406 / medium shot . they look at he critically , doubting he will get 1409 there . first man Long way . yuri 's Long way , yes . they turn they back want to be rid of he . actually I - ( Voice fail again ; cough carefully ) Excuse I . I be go to varykino . they do not turn . first man do not know it . yuri it 's a little place . no response . good potato . no response . any news ? first man turn he head , warily , ask flatly : 231 1406 / continue 1409 first man '' what about ? yuri ( waving the potato ) yuriatin . there 's be more fight there , eh ? ( first man shrug ) ... where 's strelnikov ? and suddenly first man be lean against the hut , barring he way , second man with he , third man look up and down the line . yuri 's half - dead response do not quite take itin . but he see he be in trouble . he be feed - up with trouble , feebly and unsuccessfully try to push past . first man you talk a lot , for a tired man . yuri ( with infinite weariness ) T have not speak for a fortnight ... you give I a potato ... ( he toss it away ) : first man , not a ready killer , inclined to take himfor what he be , but suspicious . first man strelnikov be on the run . yuri ( blink , irritable ) run . first man : : mm. strelinkov be a enemy of the Revolution . seem he always have be . yuri look at they with weary disgust . he take they for g.p.u. man . yuri that 's ridiculous ... first man : iknow itis . I be strelnikov 's lieutenant . his keen eye bore into yuri 's ; he be ready to kill if need be , yuri oh. 1406 / 1409 1410 1411 1412 " 1413 1414 1415 232 continue first man nod . then quietly : first man . be you alone , friend ? yuri no . there be two battalion of secret policeman come up behind with food and Christmas present . he step round first man , who make way for he , and shamble off out of picture . third man unsling he rifle . medium shot . ' yuri be clamber up a small ridge of snow across the line . he stop but do not turn round . yuri do not shoot I . I will not tell anybody , anything . and shamble on up the ridge . close shot . third man watch for a second or two , then be - sling he rifle . cur / exterior railway location day snow -mist medium long shot . ' yuri wander through thin mist towards a place where the line divide on either side of camera . he halt and sink down . : . close shot . he consider whether it would not be best just to stay there . but : . . exterior railway set location day snow -mist long shot . his Pov . the SUN above the line . exterior railway location day snow-mist close shot . yuri rise slowly out of picture , camera stay on he foot , he tear boot now bandage with rag , plod on through the snow . cut 233 exterior railway station location day snow 1416 long shot . a iced - up country station , once elegant , with flower bed , platform seat and trellis work , a freeze passenger train stand on the far platform along which yuri be walk . 1411 medium close shot . yuri approach along a rather grand carriage with frost window . as he come into close up he half raise afriendly hand , delighted and surprised . 1418 close tracking shot . ( Hand -held ) yuri be Pov . seat opposite a lady ina feathered hat , she back to camera , a gentleman _smile out through the frost glass of a compartment . the camera halt in big close up . the gentleman be stone dead . . 1419 close tracking shot . yuri turn from the window , he gesture of greeting change to a gesture of fear as he pass he hand over he bearded face . he walk on several pace not look at the carriage , then turn he head : 1420 medium close tracking shot ( hand-held ) yuri be Pov . the carriage window pass by ; here and there a suggestion of dead occupant . camera pan to the platform ahead ; starve dog sniff and whine at close door . : 1421 close tracking shot . yuri , he horror mount . he suddenly raise he arm . 1422 close tracking shot . ( Hand -held ) yuri be Pov . the dog drop down on all four , half cring , half ferocious . 1423 close tracking shot . his attention be catch by a strange sound . he look ahead at : 1424 medium close tracking shot . ( hand-held ) Big bird , kite or raven , fly wildly out of the open window of a compartment , ~ search . 1428 close up tracking . yuri walk on look up at the bird as they flap away . he avoid the open window as it pass by , keep he eye ahead : '' 1426 medium tracking shot . ( Hand -held ) yuri be Pov . the last few door of the last carriage be wide open . as we approach the first open door camera pan to the interior , it be empty . 1427 closeup tracking . yuri . he turn he head from the open door ; look down at the platform ahead . 1428 1429 1430 1431 1432 '' 4433 1434 1435 1436 1437 1438 1439 1440 234 close tracking shot . ( Hand -held ) a rip -apen suitcase lie there in the trample snow , a single high - heele shoe and , further on , a silk hat . on SOUND childish voice float to we . close up tracking . yuri fearfully raise he eye from the platform to where the voice come from , somewhere ahead and to he leave . long shot tracking . ( Hand -held ) yuri 's Pov . across the line on the far platform a station building ; open-irgnted on the side nearest camera . as the track proceed a group of wild child come into view inside the building . they be group around a fire , roastin something . close up tracking , yuri give asob of horror ; he be near break point . medium shot . ' yuri hobble away from camera half run . - he scramble down the end of the platform on to the track , flee ... dissolve / exterior railway set location day snowing close tracking shot . yuri . it be snow . ahead of he he see : . medium tracking shot . yuri be Pov . the back of a old man . a SMALL boy and a woman clutching a baby struggle through the snowfield ahead of he beside the line . close shot . yuri stop , stare at medium close shot . the back of the recede figure ahead . big close up . yuri . a terrible think strike he . close up tracking . tonya clutching the baby . yuri ; a agonise shout : , yuri tonya ! ! he run . medium long shot . they turn . and see the scarecrow figure of yuri lumber towards they they flee towards a tiny plate- layer hut beside the line . 1441 1442 1443 1444 1445 1446 1447 1448 1449 1450 1451 1452 1453 235 close shot . camera pan with yuri , stumbling and shouting . medium shct the family disappear into the hut on the far side . close tracking shot ( hand-held ) yuri run towards the hut , hysterical , triumphant medium tracking shct . ( Hand -held ) his Pov the hut approach . | as we round the corner we stop in close shot . the man , terrify and savage , stand in the doorway hold a kitchen knife . the family bear no resembiance to yuri 's . close up . yuri . he groan . the snow falis . close shot . the family . the man lower the knife . they eye foliow as : close shot . yuri be walk away up the line . dissolve close tracking shot . yuri plodd along the line through fall snow ; he hat , beard and shoulder white . he rub he eye and look ahead .. close tracking shot ( hand-held ) his Pov .. the blurred image of the snowbound track . dissolve exterior yuriatin station . location day snowing close up tracking . yuri in lightly fall snow , against a darker background now . . close tracking shot . ( Hand -held ) the blurred image of the track again , but now the line be define , the steel show through the snow . on SOUND a sudden roar . something black hurtle towards we . camera jerk upwards : close shot . yuri sidestep just in time to avoid be run down by a scream engine which pass he . high -angle shot yuri be stand in the middle of the track between the piatform at yuriatin station . the engine pass on down the line towing a repair train with a travel crane . from the platform a little group of half a dozen people , include a railway official and a militiaman , look down at he 1453 1454 '' 1485 1456 continue curiously . he walk jerkily towards they . they draw back a little as if from some phenomenon . close shot frame on either side by the leg of the group yuri reach the platform . he stand look up at they . yuri : isth -? isth -? ' militiaman ( SOUND ) yuriatin . yuri nod . he examine the small height of the platform carefully . he manage to get one kmee on it , and then the other . yuri what 's happen at varykino ? there be no reply . he scramble to he foot . medium close shot he stand look at the group who form a semi-circle around he ; each keep they distance , a little afraid of the strange- look figure before they . yuri ( agonise ) varykino : a countryman there 's nobody at varykino . yuri totter to he . yuri yes . at varykino . countryman the Moscow folk . close up ' yuri nod , he face break into a smile . ( SOUND ) they have go away . wentaway . there 's nobody at varykino . yuri 's face be corpselike ; he burn eye wander and come back to the man . he wander a few step as if look for guidance and . find none , go , leave the group look after he . cur 1457 1458 1459 1460 1461 1462 1463 1464 1465 23 % exterior yuriatin STREET location day snow high -angle long shot . it be no longer snow . yuri walk through 2 snow - cover street in yuriatin . he approacr and turn a corner . . close shot . he come to a standstill look eagerly upwards : medium close shot . his Pov . the window of lara 's apartment , snow - up and no smoke come from the chimncy . music lara theme , hesitant . close up . yuri stand look up at the window , he hope dwindling . he amble on out of picture . exterior lara 's house studio day snow medium shot . camera shoot out through the darken archway . the yard in a bad state of disrepair , the snow untrodden . yuri appear from the cul - de-sac . resigned to defeat , he wander to the doorway and enter the hallway - .music stop . . ' close shot . two or three rat scuttle down the stair and disappear into the dark . close shot . - yuri come to a standstill ; look around the dilapidate place hopelessly . the lara music start again . tentatively , seem to draw he attention to : close up . the brick in the wall which use to conceal the key close shot . yuri stand look at it as ata souvenir of something long ago . the music become more insistent camera pan as he go over to the brick and take it out . it fall with a crash from he weak finger . he put in he hand and he face change . he pull outa note , unfold it cautiously , camera track in to big close up . on SOUND lara 's voice , breathless with delight and anxiety : lara ( SOUND ) Lord what happiness : they say you be alive . someone see you near the town . I take it you have go to varykino , so I be go there myself with katya . but just in case , I have leave a little food , boil potatce mostly . put the lid back on the pan or the rat will get it . I be mad with joy . : he look up from the note to the dark stairway . music building . : 1466 1467 1468 1469 1470 1471 1472 1473 1474 238 interior lara' apartment studio day voy - : now long shot lara 's room have a bearded window and less furniture but otherwise be as before . everything be clean ; everything that should shine , shine . the door open and yuri enter shutting it behind he . he unconsciously take he hat off and stand look around the room take it all in , he face quite stiff . he move forward : close up . the oil stove with the pan on it . a white plate and a shine spoon . a box of match with one stick pro - trude from it . yuri 's shaking hand enter picture and carefully take off the lid . potato . close shot . yuri replace the id and with meticulous care , strike a match and light the stove . a think strike he and he totter over to : medium shot . lara 's bedroom . he stand in the door , lean against it for support , look around the room . his eye alight on something near to camera and he move forward . . camera pan down toa close shot of lara 's ' gimple dress table . in front of the mirror neatly arrange brush and comb , pincushion , ribbon , hairpin and a pair of : scissors . close up . yuri look down at they . he be show emotion now ; a feeble and half heart - break delight . he look up see : - . close shot . himself in the mirror , red -ey , filthy , with a rag beard streak with grey . he look at himself with horror . his hand come up in a futile attempt to adjust he collar . . . close shot . he take off he coat , look back over he shoulder at the door , not want to be discover inthis ° condition . he run a hand through he hair , pick up the scissors , inexpertly begin to trim he beard . he sway 2 little , have to steady himself one hand on the table . music begin to distort . find himself look at : big close up . the ruin of himself in the mirror . big close up . he stare at he reflection , he breath come faster . the screen begin to diffuse and lighten . he lower he eye , breathe harder . music take on a night - mare effect . he look up again ; a jook of extreme horror : cross he face : . 1475 1476 1477 1478 / 1480 239 exterior railway set location day snow long shot . - a diffuse image of the distant figure of tonya , alexander and sasha run away from he across a white , snowfield . . interior lara' apartment studio day big close up . yuri , now surround by whiteness . he shout : yuri tonya ...! exterior railway set location day snow medium shot . tonya and alexander turn . yuri ( SOUND ) '' to-o-ony-a-a-a! ! they turn away and run . interior lara' apartment studio night big close up . yuri lie on a white pillow , wash and in a clean shirt , ina freshly make bed . his lip do not move but we hear : : yuri ( SOUND ) : tonya ! tonya . tony : lara ( SOUND ) _. yuri. yuri. yuri , darling . his eye resume a normal focus . camera start pull back to reveal lara bend over he . he look up at she , unbely he touch she arm , feel up it to she shoulder . she be there , and he be look at she . lara . it 's all right . they be safe . they're in Moscow . yuri : in Moscow ? 1480 1481 1482 1483 1483a 1478 / continue lara yes . yuri tonya ? lara . all of they . they be safe . he turn he head to say : yuri safe ... she look down at he , speechless with happiness and pity . he be look around the room see : medium close shot . he Pov . the dress table and the window . night have fall . . close shot . yuriand lara . he look back at she , quiet at last . on SOUND a sudden sharp burst of rifle fire , distant . his eye widen with fear . she bend over he . lara sh ... sh ... sh ... : on SOUND , two more shot , then another . lara put he arm under the sheet , and go over towards the window ; he watch she . lo exterior lara' bedroom window — studio night snow medium shot . from outside , look up at the window from a low angle , we see lara 's silhouette pull the two curtain across the window . . exterior cul -de -sac studio night snow medium shot . look down on the cul - de-sac . a man stand there look up at the window . he be not. obviously a policeman , -b 241 1483a continue have rather the air of a dogge shop-steward . after watch the window for a few second he strike a match and light a cigarette which be already in he mouth , dissolve ° interior laran apartment studio day winter 1484 long shot , lara 's sit room , shaft of sunlight streaking across it . she be sit on the couch watch yuri who be pace rather gingerly up and down try out he leg . he be much recover , shave and wear a overcoat against the cold . yuri ( make for the sofa ) hoo ! ... Ho ! he gratefully collapse beside she witha laugh . 1485 ° close shot . yuri and lara yuri - ha ! ... get better . lara you be still awfully thin . his grin fade to a look of tenderness and gratitude ; in a moment he will embrace she . : . lara ( almost hastily ) - yuri . there 's a letter for you . I have have it three month . she rise and go off . ( SOUND ) ... and it be three month get here . 1486 close shot . lara open the back of a defunct clock where she have be keep it . it 's from Moscow ... I think it 's from tonya . 1487 close shot . yurl we hear lara crossing the room , then . she put the letter in he hand say quietly : lara 1487 1488 148s 1490 1491 / 1492 242 ( revise 159,2.65 ) contint he leck up at she frown lara ( cont ) ( quickly ) she come inte yurietin to finde you when you vanish , somecne send she , here . yuri you meet ? close snot , lara . she nod . lara she 's very fine , medium snot . as yuri exazinue the letter end open it , lara go slewly over the one cf the window and stands in the sunlight , ker back to hin . close shot . yuri , as he read we hear , on soukd , the voice of tcmya , quiet ana disnify . towya ( SOUND ) tiy dearest dear , I a send this to lerissa antipova 's because if you be alive , which God grant , I think that be where you will go . we have a little deughter yuri , do you know ? her name be Anne . Father send sreetinss , sasha nas grow quite a lot ; he be quite big now ; whenever we speak of you he weep end will not be comfort . a trenor in she voice here , 2 corresponding tremor on yuri 's face , then : : . this be what I have to tell you . we be be ceportea from Russia . ke can not make out if you woula be allow to join we . a organisation in Paris which I rust not name will know where we ere , but ncthing be ' certain and there be very little time . I a write this in haste . they be come for we now . gos bless vou . he turn the letter to the second pace . I must honestly aduit that antipova be a good person . , clos : shot . yuri , stupify with pain , begin to fold the letter , : : 1495 243 and 244 ( revise 19,2.65 ) ot . lara az the winder at the rustle , turn end look at he . be jool at she with - not eye . Sne long to help kim , feel she should not even ske coula . a beat , then alncst whiscer , to yet it all do with . lara yuri ... suan they get away to hoscow she leave something here . yurl look at she . lara gee anu oren 4 t2ll cupboard , recline at the bottow of it be : a suitcase which we teccvnise , and the balalaika . yuri klinch , then stare at the instrument . dissolve . scene hunser 1494 to 1498 CUT . 1499 interior lara' apartment studio night ' winter close shct . night . from outside lara be sit room window . yuri look out into the darkness through the frosty windcw pane , he expression still blank with grief . in the background lara jook ut at hin from some sewing . cn SOUND a burst of rifle firc . lara stand u , alnest cry . out . yuri too yook across the town , kis cye widen . a child 's voice call from the bearoor , nervously : 1499 1500 1501 1503 1503 1504 245 continue katya ( SOUND ) mummy - ? ' lara come katya ! she go . yuri turn he sightless gaze to : exterior cul -de - sac studio night snow medium shot . yuri be Pov . the watcher 's cigarette glow in the darkness . interior lara' apartment studio night winter close up . yuri , frame in the window . his thought begin to return to the present situation . : cur , exterior lara' house - studio day winter -snow close up . a still - smoking cigarette butt lie in the porchway . it be daylight . camera pan up to disclose lara approach across the yard . she carry 2 small bag of shopping and some wood . she look round nervously ; nobody . she enter the archway not notice the cigarette , camera pan with she as she start close shot . she stop suddenly and listen . stealthy footstep chime softly on the metal stair , then foot on board and silence . lara ( nervously ) - yes ...? hello ...? she move on up out of picture . interior lara' apartment studio day medium shot the landing , lara appear . she be now more puzzle than frighten , doubting the testimony of she ear . the : be nowhere for anyone to have hide . camera pan with she into close shot as she go to she door . in the act of open it she freeze : 1505 1506 1507 1508 1509 1510 246 close shot . one of the other door be slightly ajar , and the narrow aperture be darken : it could be a man look at she . close shot . lara burst into the sit room and whip the door to behind she , panicky : . . : lara ( whisper , stridently ) yuri - camera pan she across the room where yuri emerge from the kitchen . : - there 's someone in one of the room . yuri what ? be you sure ? his question be answer by the sound of rapid footstep across the landing and clatter down the stair . camera pan with they as they rush to the door and open it . . close shot they come out on the landing and stand look down the stair . medium shot . they Pov the stair . whoever it be have go from sight but we can still hear they . close up . yuri and lara . she call down plead , then almost hysterically : . lara what do you want please ? why be you watch we ? we. please ? ... we be not do anything wrong ! ... then why do not you leave we alone ? the footstep have cease . yuri put he arm round she shoulder , but he too be jittery . : dissolve exterior lara' house studio night snowing long shot . night . whirl snow chase through the cul - de-sac . no - one there . . a light in lara 's window . a massive , unidentifi - able figure labour into foreground of picture and go towards the porch . in its shaggy fur coat , reach to the ankle , it look unpleasantly like some monstrous animal . 1511 1512 1513 1514 / 1519 247 interior lara' apartment studio night snowing close shot . lara appear in the frost window and peer through look for the watcher , as she have do many time before . her eye be catch by the figure now almost below she . she quickly raise both hand to the glass to see better , stare downward what she see bring a look of horrify incredulity to she face . she stand for a moment , then turn . medium shot Inside the sit room yuri be stoke the stove . lara come from the window say : lara yuri - he stand upright and face she . she hesitates . in the silence the sound of foot on the iron stairway . they both turn look at the door . yuri - ( he turn to she ) it 's - medium shot . camera shoot down the stair . komarovse : appear round the corner of the first landing . he be cover with snow . his moustache and beard plaster with it make he look like aclown . ( he be clean -shaven in the old day ) as he come up the second flight of stair into close shot a light strike across he face medium shot . Inside the sit room 's lara have open the door ; we hear komarovsky 's ascent . she back nervously , glance at yuri who look back at she , serious and alert . komarovsky appeal in the doorway . slice of sleet slide from he coat as he regards they both , rather pleased by the effect he have create . the suspicion cross we mind that he be not perfectly steady on he foot . but he firm , insolently commanding voice , quite quiet , reassure we . komarovsky : yuri andreyevich , you have change I think . oh yes , decidedly . larissa antipova ... ( a fatherly smile ) ... remarkably the same . ( mildly , as recalling they manner : May I come in ? lara go right to yuri , stand by he so that they be touch . yuri smile at she quickly . komarovsey enter , shut the door , shed he coat onto the back of the chair at the head of the table , go to a small mirror and begin to dry he hair with a handkerchief , say : 245 1514 / continue 1519 komarovsky you wonder where I have come from ... thave come from Moscow . iam on my way to vla -( a suspicion of a belch ) viadivostock . iam here ( he turn ) to offer you my help . yuri we do not want it . komarovsky ( sternly ) speak for yourself , young man . lara | we do not want it . he give she a indulgent smile . then , to yurl komarovsky yuri andreyevich - ( break off ) May I sit ? ( he do so ) you serve two year with the partisan . fifth division ; Commander Gregory liberius ; political commissar k.v. razin . you have no discharge and so be 4 deserter . you family in Paris , be involved with a dangerous emigré organisation . this be - ( he belch , wave he hand ) technicality . you style of life , everything you think and say , you publish writings , be flagrantly subversive . you day be numbered . unless ihelp you . do you want my help ? he take out a cigar , a poor thing , but still , a cigar . yuri be considerably shake , lara appal ; but the set distaste on yuri 's face remain . yuri no. komarovsey have a moment of surprise , incipient anger , even alarm but be reassure by lara 's lay she hand on yuri and say , quickly : lara wait yuri . komarovsky smile , rummages in he greatcoat , dump on the table a squat green bottle . komarovsky larissa , three glass . 249 1514 / .. continue 1519 yuri react to he proprietory tone . to lara : yuri no. lara hesitates between they , then : . lara = | yuri you must see how serious this be . yuri look after she as she go into the kitchen . he be recall by : komarovsky : please do not underestimate I . either practically - or morally . iam not the man you take I for . — lara return , put three glass before komarovsky , sit at the far end of the table - but still quite close to komarovsky - ask , quickly and quietly : how do you know all this about yuri ? how can you help ? | komarovsky ( pour from the bottle into the glass } ido andican . be not that sufficient ? . lara no. komarovsky make no response . be hold out a glass to she and — she take it . slide another to yuri . komarovsky skol , larissa ! lara raise she glass , find komarovsky smile ather . he toss off he drink , she lower hers without drink , she face cloud . yuri have see this , understanding some reference have be make from which he be exclude . we Eastern Seaboard be a undevelop area . ( replenishes he glass , sit back ) we commissariat for foreign affair be set up a independent state there . in short 2 puppet government . ( toss back the second glass , refilling it while : ) it will afford a temporary channel of communication with the outside world . ( sit back hold he third full glass ) ihave good commercial contact in the Far East . I have be appoint Minister of Trade . 1514 / continue 1519 yuri . . the bolsheviks , trust you ? . komarovsky they trust nobody . they have find I useful . ( he throw back the third glass ) here 's how I can help you : come with I tu the Pacific Coast . from there you can go ... wherever you like ... to Paris ... or ( delicately ) not ... . he have trodden with he unctuous delicacy slap into yuri 's Holy of holy - a already inflame area . yuri look at he with torment eye . yuri I think you would better go . komarovsky glare at he . he toss back he fourth glass . he say quite quietly but with great intensity , shakily put down he glass : - . komarovsky you rarify selfishness , . be ( he belch ) , intolerable . larissa antipova be in danger too . . the disgust on yuri 's face be wipe away by natural alarm . his attention thoroughly catch : . yuri - by association with I ? komarovsky ( contemptuous in he turn ) you ? you be small fry . by she association with strelnikov . lara ( look at he with distaste ) I have never meet strelnikov . komarovsky you be marry to strelnikov ; they know that . lara iwas marry to pasha antipov . komarovsky I understand you . ( he pat she hand which she withdraw ) but they do not ! ' you be be watch . do not you know why ? ... a husband 's 2 sticky commodity my dear . 1514 / continue 1519 1520 1521 lara go away . komarovsky ( bellow now ) more of this - ( he struggle for word ) high - minded 's lunacy ! you have a child to think of ! look - he rummages in he coat again , dump on the tabie 2 damp bag , and say with maudlin resentment : sugar for the child . lara look at he white face , freeze with hatred and contempt . lara I do not want it . komarovsky . who be you to refuse my sugar ? ( suddenly low and threaten ) do not look at I like that . ( storming again ; who be you to refuse anything from I ? lara bite she lip . yuri cross quietly to komarovsky . yuri now , you go . it be a voice we have never hear before . " beware the anger of 2 patient man " . komarovsky slowly levitate . have rise and get a little confidence he open he mouth to protest but : go see bo vee yuri thrust the greatcoat into he arm , open the door . komarovsky get through rather quickly . medium shot komarovsky struggle into he coat on the jand . yuri stand watch he . komarovsky very well . I come here - yuri push he violently . he reel down the first flight of stair to land with a crash against the wall there . close shot . yuri look down at he . 1822 1523 1524 1525 1526 202 close shot komarovsky stare up at he ; lose he temper : ' komarovsky stay here then and get you dessert ! you dessert , do you hear I ? ' the light go off he . the sit room door slam . you think you be - immaculate : ... he have make a violent gesture which set he off balance and he go fly , clatter down the stair . : exterior lara' house studio night snowing medium shct at the foot of the stair a few rat scuttle across the porchway . komarovsky lurch into picture and collapse on the floor , momentarily stunne . a rat dart over he hand and run out into the fall snow . he heave himself up . interior lara' apartment studio night medium shot ' yuri stand motionless inside the sit room , turn away from lara who be still seat at the table where the bottle stand . hesitantly she lift a shameful face and look at he . komarovsky 's voice come up the stair : . . komarovsky ( SOUND ) : you be not immaculate ! they turn to the door , listen . I know you ! ... do you hear I ? ... I know you ! exterior lara '’s house studio night snowing close shot komarovsky have mount the first two stair , he face be flushed and hateful , but oddly , also tear-stain . he bawl passionately : komarovsky we be all make of the same clay you know !... clay ! * interior lara' apartment studio night medium close shot lara , in foreground at the table , look at yuri , he back to she at the door . he tower he head . she turn to the table as if have have sentence justly pronounce against she . 1527 _ - 1828 / 1529 253 L ( revise 19.2.65 ) exterior lara' house studio night snowing medium shot .. konarovsky stumble out through the porch into the fly snow , whimper and rub himself as he walk away acress tue yard . dissclve ' interior lara' apartment studio night nedium close shot . yuri and lara lie in bed , the room dark , the wind gusty outside . he be stare at the ceiling , she be curl up away from he . he turn he heae slightly the look et she ; look back at the ceiling . the tension go from he face and he turn look at she tenderly . yuri ( a whisper ) lara ... lara os - mp ? yuri be 's rubbish , lara . a pause ; she turn on she back , look upwards . lara yes rubbish ... ( now she turn she head . to yuri , soften at he look of tenderness . ) what be we go to do ? yuri ( as have think about it ) if we try to get on a train , tney 'il arrest we on the spot . lara I do not want to stay here end wait , yuri. 254 ( revise 19.2.65 ) 1528 / continue 1529 yuri no. listen . . he raise himself cn one elbow , look down at she . we could go to ... lara - varykino . yuri they would find out sooner or leter . lara : yes but later . if we day be really numbered , yuri - yuri yes . we would better live then . lara yes . both of they be now smile , but now with total gravity . . yuri befere we be parte . 1529 1530 1531 1532 1533 1534 1535 1536 255 - - ( revise 26 . 12 , 64 . ) continue for a moment he fear lara will be unable to accept this summing up , put then , quie - l7 : lara yes , 's they look at one another , they face calm but they eye troubled . yuri ( softly ) alright then ; varykino . _ they kiss . CUT . music full . exterior varykino location winter snow extreme long shot . theirsleigh sweep by down the road to varykino , distant across a brilliant white sunlit landscape , the music triumphant and splendid . close tracking shot . music continuous . yuri . lara , katy in the sleigh which be pile high with supplies , hay for the horse and equipment . they be laugh . yuri drive and brandish the whip for the benefit of katya . the sleigh swerve as yuri purposely run it into the bank - up snow beside the road . close up . katya clutching lara , '' little frighten , then roar - ing with laughter . long shot . the sleigh swing round the clump of poplar . camera pan with it to disclose the house . music modulate . it nas be transformed by nature beyond the imagination of man . each twist of its architecture the occasion for a totter fantasy of snow , a sweep - ing curtain of ice . its beauty be so intense as to be sinister ; the ice Palace of a siberian spirit perhaps , no fit home for organic creature . close shot . the sleigh come to a standstill against the background of the freeze pond . no - one move . they sit there , look upwards , they laughter fade to awe . long shot . they Pov . the snow - cover roof and dome , weirdly beautiful against the sky . close uf . lara , look up towards : 1537 1538 1539 1540 1541 1542 256 long sho the ice-hung tower at the end of the house . close up . yuri he turn round in he seat to look at : long shot the outhouse . only the half - bury window reveal that it be a dwelling at all , medium close shot katya scramby out of the sleigh . lara turn to see what yuri be look at ; look back at he uncer - tainly ; he smile faintly and climb out of the sleigh . close shot . katya yank away a yard - long icicle from the '' verandah porch and stagger back laugh under the subsequent cascade of snow . her cheery din provide the adult with courage or cover as they come up the step . close shot . the front door of the house , half open , a break pad - jock hang . yuri and lara enter . - interior varykino house studio day winter 1543 / 1548 1547 / 1550 long shot . the hall . a drift of freeze snow extend a long white tongue across the floor from the door . yuri and lara enter and stand look around . wall and floor be naked and clean except for ~ a litter of dead leave along the skirting , the place be utterly silent . emphasise by the now fade cry of katya . tall window frost over and shadow by the plunging icicle outside let in the subacqueous light . the wall of the hallway soar up to a high roof where glaze dome glimmer . the staircase would accommodate '' coach and pair . the only piece of furniture which have not be take away be that too heavy to shift . thus in the centre of the hallway stand a marble table of colossal size ornate , weigh ton . on the landing a enormous tallboy , also marble - top . a antique goddess , bland and sightless . more than lifesize ( as though the furniture have be design for she ) stand cn a ponderous marble plinth . all this object be familiar to yuri but look at lara find she downright scared . he give she he hand and they walk along the corridor they footfall echoing . yuri open a door . medium shot . the live room . completely empty except for , senselessly . a single leather fishing boot , thigh length . which stand in the middle of the floor , its top over . lara do not like it . she and yuri move to the middle of the room . look at one another . horrifiec by the predicament they have create for themselves and helpless . yuri draw she to he for comfort . they kiss each hold the other desperately hard . she sense something in he posture and lock up , he be stare over he shoulder at : 1551 1552 1553 1554 '' 1555 1556 1557 1558 1559 257° medium shot . a open door lead into the library . a desk stand beneath a huge frost window . . close shot , yuri and lara . - he frown and blink assaile by a host of memory but unable to account for the attraction which the piece exert . camera pan with he as he go briskly to the door as one who will clear up a mystery . long shot . yuri enter the library , the ultimate room of the house , its wall cover by empty bookshelve . in the foreground of picture be the desk . yuri cross to it and lay he finger on it , and stand for a moment as though receive a message . he turn '' and smile uncertainly as lara join he , look at he curiously . with deat familiarity he open and shut the drawer . , close uf . the last drawer contain a sheaf of dusty yellow paper , with pen and ink . close shot . yuri and lara . he look at she , a expression of puzzle pleasure on he face . and then in answer to she question frown : yuri Anna teach I to write at this desk . exterior varykino location day winter medium shot . out in the garden katya come towards camera stamp regular blue foothole in the immaculate snow . take sensuous pleasure in it , she expression stern . at every step she gasp : katya Ho -! Ho -! Ho -! ' she tramp off screen . leave a irregular row of foot-hole . cuT interior varykino house studio night winter close shot through frost glass . the white half moon at night medium shot . the moon be shine intothe livingroom . a little glow come from the stove . above the stove be stack a clutter of utensil and provision . on mattress . smother with rug . fur . even strip of carpet we find lara and zatya bothasleep . yuri beside they , motionless . close up yuri , heis awake . he be look back at : 1560 1561 1562 1563 1564 15644 1565 1566 1567 1568 1569 1570 1571 258 close shot his Pov , the blurred bright moon . close shot . yuri turn he head questioningly , as though in answer to some message in the moonlight . ee rise on one elbow , look across the room to : medium shot his fov , through the open door . the desk in the library , the moonlight fall on it . close up . yuri turn he head again , he gaze soften as it light on : close up , lara asleep , the travel moonlight just beginning to fall on she , . : close up yuri look from lara to : CUT music . laratheme . _ close shot . the moonlit surface of the desk . a warm glow begin to appear . it be cause by the light of a candle which yuri 's hand place on the desk . close shot . yuri . he sit at the desk , pause . then briskly take out paper . pen andink . he pause again . breathe deeply , he band laid flat , the paper between they . he dip the pen . he write : extreme close shot a single word of five Russian capital at the head of the paper . close up . lara , the moonlight now fullon she face . she turn in she sleep . close shot . yuri . he go for more ink . music stop . on SOUND , the distant , primeval , utterly desolate howl of a wolf . he turn sharply , listen . intent . the howl come again and suddenly leap in volume as we CUT : exterior varykino location day for night winter close shot . outside yuri emerge from the library through the french door . he peer about over : long shot , his fov the endless plain , flash white in the moon - nght . the wolf howl cease . . 1572 1573 1574 1575 1576 '' 1577 1578 1579 1580 1581 1582 1583 259 process shot long shot . the half moon , incandescent , ride in the darkness . on SOUND the wolf howl again . exterior varykino location day fornight winter medium close shot . yuri walk round the end of the house past a arrest cascade of ice and snow , each bright granule darting point of light . he stop in close up look alertly about again . see : ' long shot . his fov , acclump of conifer laden with snow . Beyond the silent white plain under the fathomless black sky . close uf . yuri townsman , intellectual . not know what to expect , hardly what to look for , but look . his expression change and he instinctively stiffen . he have see medium long shot . the wolve . they be at a good distance , not more than eight of they , aware of he , uneasy , they shadow more palpable than themselves . close shot . ' yuri take a step towards they , gesture with a upraise arm . medium long shot .' the wolve turn springingly and vanish . close up . yuri lock shocked and thoughtful ; they have troubled rather than frighten he . he look about uncertainly ; he gaze fall on : _ : interior varykino studio night winter close shot the library window behind he . the candle a small shifting glow behind the frost . lara theme again . close up . the paper with its head lie on the desk . medium shot . the paper and desk in foreground , in background yuri enter . he kick a roll of cloth against the door 's foot . stand by the door he look at the paper . then he cross . sit . and without a moment 's esitation , write he face fierce with energy . cur. music cut . interior varyking studio day winter close shot . the £ UN through frost glass . 1584 1585 1586 1587 1588 1589 / 1591 1592 260 close up . lara lie awake . she turn she head and she gaze soften as she see : : close up . yuri lie asleep . close up . lara shift she gaze and she expression change as she see : medium shot . through the open door , the desk , with burn - down candle , pen and ink . close shot . on the desk a sheet of paper ( surround by many other sheet scrumple into ball and push to one side . ) camera track into close up . nthe paper a poem of four-line stanzas . neatly write with the single four letter word at the top . a hand take the paper . close shot . lara read the poem in she hand . music commence softly and strengthen as she eye walk , carefully over the line , she blink , frown , incredulous ; unconsciously she sink into the chair never take she eye from the paper . she shake she head a little in bewilder protest as she near the end , but she face be radiant . come to the last stanza , she be startle to find that yuri have come on frame and stand beside she . she hold out a gentle hali - arrest , half - caress hand and finish the poem , the music resolve to a finish both tranquil and strong . when she look up she eye be fill and she voice choke as she say : lara this be not I yuri . ( she be almost horrify that he should so madly over - value she ) yuri yes it be . lara no ... it 's you . yuri read the title . lara ( whisper ) " lara ... " CUT . music , lara theme , process shot medium shot . the moon , now full ride in the black sky . 1593 / 1597 261 interior varykino studio night winter close shot . at the desk yuri be write . there be now a small pile of finish poem to one side , and a litter of bosh shot before he . he work with terrific concentration , he eye severe and critical . as we watch he carefully cross out one word , carefully substitute two other and again consider . he look more like a engineer than the conventional poet . on SOUND : lara ( SOUND , sharply ) yuri ...! a he turn and see she , drape in blanket , stand motionless by the | stove , she face alarmed , the door to they " bedroom " open behind she . yuri be startle . she say , almost impatiently : lara yuri , there 's a wolf howling . yuri ( rising ) oh yes , I - his word be cut off by the mournful note of the wolf , very distant . not a physical threat but the very voice of desolation . lara look at he wide - eye . he be surprised by the degree of she fear and go to she say almost chidingly : : ' pee leen they . they be frighten . they will not harm we . lara . tknow . I 'msorry . it 's - . she clap she hand over she ear as the sound come again , and see she extremity yuri take she by the shoulder , but before he can speak she gasp quietly , but with enormous feel , tremble , stare at he : lara . ob lord. this be a awful time to be alive . yuri ( gently ) '' no , lara kis . it be . yuri ( gently ) no no . she stare at he comfortless , hopeless . he take she face in he hand , kiss she with great tenderness . she look up at he again , a warmth return to she eye . he kiss she again . she respond . 1598 1599 1600 1601 1602 - 1603 1604 1605 / 1608 close shot , the poem on the desk . close shot . yuri and lara lie together in she blanket in the little glow from the stove , tenderness be still the mood , he be gently kissing she face ; she eye be close . exterior varykino location day for night winter close shot . a ice -encrust tree with the incandescent moon catch in its branch . interior varykino studio night close shot . lara be silently weep now , despite yuri 's frantic desire to comfort she . her eye be open and fix on he as he stroke she cheek . she hair and repeatedly kiss she . . exterior varykino location day for night winter medium shot . one of the conifer outside the house release its burden of snow witha " whump " '' . on SOUND a wolf howl distantly . interior varykino studio night close shot . lara and yuri exactly as before . now a tear appear in the corner of yuri 's eye too . the effect on lara be galvanic . the comfort become the comforter . she take he head in she hand and kiss he eye again and again . now tenderness become passion , passion become desperate . he pull she towards he and instantly the full length of she body be jamme against he and they be kissing mouth to mouth . exterior varykino location day for night winter extreme long shot . the house and its surroundings , the far horizon , the moon spin in its own brightness . faint , forlorn , the howl come for the last time . . dissolve interior varykino studio day winter medium close shot . daytime . yuri and lara at the desk , both fully dress . they sit silently , unmove , the remnant of a meal push aside . they face be empty . they have sit like this for some time evidently , and they continue so for several beat before : how long have we be here ? 1605 / continue 1608 lara thirteen day . he make no answer . another silence . then : would not it have be lovely if we would meet before ... she can not listen : " ... before komarovsky , before pasha , before tonya , before the birth of we child " and break off , yuri before we do ... yes . another silence ensue , but now they look at each other . lara : . we would have get marry and have a house and child .. ( she say it wonderingly ) if we would have child , yuri , would you have like a boy , ora girl ? she be still smile and yuri smile with she . he be inclined to join in the elaboration of the wish dream . but he receive a apprehension of what they be at . his smile go : yuri I think we may go mad , if we think about - all that . lara ( her smile persist ) I shall always think about it . ( he look at she ; she look at the poem ) ... will you write today ? yuri no , not to -day . silence . neither move . hiatus . but after a little , on SOUND , they hear a distant shout ( a driver to he horse ) , then the screech of sledge runner , approach and near . they look ap , look at one another , frighten . another shout much nearer ( as the driver stop he vehicle ) then the front door open . heavy footstep . one of the inside door be open , shut . the foostep again , and : 1609 closeshot . the door open . a red army man stand there . : 1610 closeshot . yuri and lara , frighten and forlorn . lara ( softly ) _ katya ! come to I darling ... 1610 1611 1612 1613 1614 1615 1616 1617 / 1620 264 continue " red army man ( SOUND ) they be here ! . medium shot . look down the passage we see another red army man stand inthe hall , he turn and go out of the front door . close shot . yuri and lara be join by katya . lara put she arm around she . camera track slowly in as on SOUND the second red army man pass on the message , " they be here '' . footstep come up on to the verandah , into the hall and along the passage - by which time we be in close up of yuri and lara . close shot . komarovsky appear in the doorway where he stand look at they . close shot . yuri and lara . she say , in pure relief : . lara . Victor - ! ( confused ) we think ... . close shot . komarovsky and red army man komarovsky quite , ( turn to red army man ) I wonder if you would mind , comrade ... red army man show scant respect for he but turn and go . close shot . ' yuri and lara . he be watch she . medium close shot . komarovsky shut the door and camera pan with he as he cross the room pull off he glove and look around the place . his manner be curt and dry . komarovsky there be a train , belong to my government , stand in yuriatin . it have a carriage for myself and my assist - ant ; asleep - car ; you would travel in comfort . and safety . . see write paper on the desk he have pick it up with insolent idle curiosity . find it to be a poem he toss it back with genuine off - hand contempt and it fall accidently to the floor . lara retrieve it and put it back on the desk as komarovsky sit in yuri 's chair . the train leave tonight , with or without you . I should add that iam here for the last time . 265 1617 / continue 1620 1621 1622 1623 1624 yuri ( slowly ) there be no question of m my come with you . lara ( quickly ) I be not go without you . ‘( to komarovsky , a bit breathless ) so there 's a end to it . - yuri ~ lara - lara ( not meeting he eye ) iea not go without you . komarovsky rise with a odd groan sigh , as one patient though try beyond patience 's limit . komarovsky then I must have a word with yuri andreyevich in private . ( look about ) where ...? he be look at : medium shot . the open door to the bedroom . medium close shot . yuri catch he look and lead the way over to the passage door . close uf . lara , startle and wary . on SOUND the door shut . close shot . yuri and komarovsky come to a halt half way down the passage . in the background the red army men watch they 's curiously . komarovsky ( quietly ) strelnikov be dead . yuri what - ? komarovsky spare I you expression of regret . he be a murder - ous neurotic and no loss to anyone . d' you see how this affect larissa ? youdo not . ' you be a fool . he glance towards the red army men and , the initiative he , take yuri to a door which he open . 266 1625 mediumshot . asmall butler 's pantry . yuri and komarovsky enter . komarovsky shut the door and face yuri . komarovsky : she 's strelnikov 's wife . why d' you think they have not arrest she ~ that 's the usual practice ? why d' you think they watch she in yuriatin ? they be wait for strelnikov . : - yuri ( look at he , wary . but beginning to breathe hard ) if they think that strelnikov would run to he wife - they do not know he . komarovsky they know he very well . he be five mile from here when they catch he . ( yuri stare , appal . komarovsky calmly press he advantage : ) I will tell you the manner of it . he be arrest on the open road , he do not conceal who he be . indeed throughout the interview he insisted that they call he " pavel antipov '' - which be he right name ~ and refuse to answer to the name of strelnikov . on he way to execution he take a pistol from one of the guard and blow he own brain out . yuri . oh my God ... ( his gaze wonder , suddenly flash in alarm : ) do not tell lara this . komarovsey I know lara at least as well as youdo ... this neurotic gesture at the eleventh hour be just the sort of thing that would unbalance she . but you see she position . she 's serve she purpose . that man who come with I to - day as a escort , will come for she and the child to -morrow , as a fire squad . komarovsky drink in yuri 's helplessness . the venemous resent - ment of what follow be the more frightening because it must be keep lov ( smiling ) . now . I know exactly what you think of I . and why ... but if you be not come with I , she 's not come with I so be you come with I ? do youaccept the protection of this - ignoble caliban -? ( goftly ) on any term that caliban care to make ? ( he let this sink in ) or be you delicacy so exhorbitant that you will sacrifice a woman and a child to it ? 1626 1627 1628 1629 1630 1631 1632 _1638 / 1635 1636 287 medium close shot . lara seat in yuri 's chair , katya on she lap . both look at : . medium shot . the close door to the passage . close shot , lara and katya . . ou SOUND footstep in the hall . lara rise . close shot . the door open and komarovsky sweep in follow by yuri who go off in the direction of the bedroom . . komarovsky ( take out a cigar ) . yuri andreyevich have be visit with a flash of common sense . close shot . lara look at he for a moment or two , then walk off towards the bedroom . close up . komarovsky watch she cross the room , lighting he cigar at the same time . medium shot . Inside the bedroom lara find yuri throw thing into a bag . ina low , shame voice she ask : be we go with he ? close shot . yuri and lara . he rise from the pack , look straight at she . there 's no choice . they hold each other 's eye , paralyse . '' CUT exterior varykino location day winter-snow medium long shot . komarovsky 's sledge draw up outside the front door . a red army driver seat , second red army man stand around at the side and first red army man on the verandah komarovsky come out of the front door with katya . he lead she by the hand to the top of the step and say ingratiatingly to red army men : komarovsky there be some bag to carry , comrade ... 268 1636 continue they look at he contemptuously ; one turn he back . yuri and lara appear in the door . - 1637 closeshot . yuri and lara . both dress in greatcoat and carry bag . they cross the verandah and descend the step not look at anyone . lara come to a standstill in front of the sledge where katya be already seat . yuri put down he own bag , take lara 's from she , camera pan with he as he stow they in the back . 1638 close up , lara stand sightlessly in front of the sledge . we hear : komarovsky ( SOUND ) get in . - she do not seem to register the request but yuri come into picture and , camera panning with she ease she up into the seat beside katya . as this take place we hear : red army man ( SOUND ) how many ?. komarovsky ( SOUND ) ad of we . red army man ( SOUND ) " not reom . komarovsky SOUND . _ bluster : ) comrade , there 's get to be room - 1639 close up . yuri yuri it 's alright . ihave to bring we sledge . he start tucking up lara with arug , not look at she . 1640 closeup . lara look down at he . komarovsky ( SOUND ) well hurry ; this train can not wait ; there be important people on it . : 268 ( revise 19,2.65 ) 1641 close saot . yuri yuri you start ; I will catch you up . komarovssy ( scund ) oh. yes . ee continue the tucking un as if they life depend | on he exclude any chink of air , but still he can not look at she . 1642 clcsl up . yuri hand the balatzika to lara , not look . at she . she flash a glance of almost vure fear at hin ; for a secone they stare horrify into one another 's | eye , then he resurn be tucking up of she . the moment have come and go tco quickly for we properly toe apprehend it . kcmarovsky I will de that . get you sledge . 1643 . close skot . yuri step back ; look up at lara . 1644 seg close up . lara look back at he . komarovsky say to oriver : . kcmarovsky ( SOUND ) right , comrade ! lara hurriedly , urgently , blurt : lara we will see you - 1645 216 close up . yuri yuri yes of course . 1646 close up lara , the sledge start . camera pan with she . she twist around in she seat lock back . komarovsky turn too ; shout : komarovsky burryitt 1647 '' medium close &:0t . yuri stand at the bottom of the verandah step , a bag at he foot , look after they . 1648 medium long shot . his pcv . the sledge round the bend in the road nast the outhouse . 1649 close up . yuri raise he hana . 1650 1651 1652 '' 1653 1654 1655 1656 1657 1658 1659 1660 1661 270 long shot . we see lara raise she hand just before the sledge be partially hide by the clump of poplar . - close up . yuri slowly lower he hand . stands watch the pro - gress of the sledge . : long shot . the sledge recede rapidly up the straight behind the tree , close shot . yuri , he face emptied of feel . he half turn towards the house . look back towards the sledge , have a wonderful idea , look up towards the roof . music . he dash up on to the verandah and into the front door . interior varykino studio day medium shot . yuri run through the hall to the stair . medium shot . he pelt up the stair and disappear from view . , interior varykino bedroom studio day medium shot . he throw open 2 door into a long - disus bedroom contain a dilapidate brass bedstead . he rush to the window . close shot . ' yuri try to unlatch the frame but it be stick fast in the ice . he scrabble frantically at the frost glass with he finger nail but without effect . he look about , see the bed , , camera pan with he as he go to it and unscrew one of the knob , he finger spin ; .he return to the window , raise he hand . close up . from outside the window we see the glass splinter , leave a star shape open in the centre of the opaque surface . yuri look through at : exterior varykino location day winter-snow long shot . the sledge , tiny now , outline against the sky where the road cross a ridge . . interior varykino bedroom studio day close up . yuri look through the star shape open . exterior varyking location day winter-snow long shot the sledge glide out of sight over the ridge . music die . 1662 1663 1664 1665 1666 / 1669 271 close up , yuri . he take a sharp inbreath and make a invol - untary gesture as though to arrest it , unable to accept what he have do . witha. barely perceptible sound the break glass collapse , still further , leave he frame within its jag edge . cuT exterior yuriatin station ~— location night winter - snow close shot . a railway signal clonk into the " go " position . medium long shot . yuriatin station . a unusual number of soldier and official stand beside the special train . the locomotive sigh rhythmically . a whistle blow ; last minute handshake for depart dignitary . a window be lower in foreground of picture . close uf . komarovsky peer out , look along the platform . satisfied , he pull up the frost window again . interior special train studio night medium shot . Inside the carriage komarovsky plump down opposite lara , who frown he to silence , indicate katya asleep . he cannot hold he triumph , nor conceal a undertone of uneasiness : komarovsky well I be afraid that 's it my dear . ' you young man be not come . . lara look at he almost in wonderment . lara you fool . ( proudly ) do you really think that he , would come with you ...? his face darken as he register the full force of the insult . with a bang and a jolt the train move , instinctively lara turn to the window with precisely the same inbreath and half gesture of protest that yuri make . but at once she sink away . the train gather speed . . komarovsky ( sullenly resentful , unable to let it alone ) the man 's a idiot ! from Mongolia he could have go to China from China he -- a little warmth , the product of pride , creep into lara 's ashen face . 1666 / continue 1669 1670 lara ( to herself rather than he ) - he will never leave Russia . komarovsky let he stay then . 's he fling himself back in he seat , furious . he turn to look at she . viciously : - you have come with I , have not you ? lara ( whisper ) yes ... her glance fall on the child . he follow it . komarovsky . ahto be sure . it be you duty as a mother . she look at he , very grave . almost compassionately , and again proudly : lara . that 's right , Victor ... I be carry yuri 's child . . komarovsky stare , and this time he anger be deep ; he be almost scared ; this be true defeat ; he have merely be make use of . and she look back almost scared in turn , wonder what this be go to mean to she , to katya and the unborn child in the time to come . exterior railway location - day for night winter -snow medium shot . the wheel of the train sweep past . camera lift slightly to show a extreme long shot of the train as it recede into the white cistance . on SOUND we hear the voice of the girl at the beginning of the picture . the girl ( SOUND ) I be bear out there , in the Far East somewhere ... CUT . interior hut studio day 1671 / closeshot . yevgraf and the girl in the hut at the dam . 1675 Bright sunlight now . . 273 1671 / continue 1675 the girl I think it be Mongolia , I do not remember ... yevgraf you be bear in Mongolia . and you be bear that very year . he have claim she though gently ; the brightness fade from she face and she withdraw . . the girl . so be a lot of other child , comrade General . yevgraf not many call tonya , bear the name komarov , or komarovsky - 's she look harass . the girl - komarov 's a common name , so 's tonya . yevgraf : --- with fair hair and grey eye , lose at the age of eight when the Civil War break out in the Far East ... there 's something that you have not tell I , tonya . ( very gently ) how do you come to be lose ? : the girl ( quickly ) ica not remember . yevgraf . I do not believe that . you must remember something . . the girl no . but she voice be almost shrill and yevgraf see that she either do remember or that the memory , repress , be very near the surface . '' he consider : . yevgraf : shall I tell you how I meet you mother ? she look up , eager for more story , but remember to say : 274 1671 / continue 1675 1676 1677 1678 1679 the girl if she be my mother , comrade General . yevgraf listen and decide . I pick my brother up - literally pick he up - on a Moscow street . he have a fourth - class ration book and he be undernourished ... he do not ' seem to mind that or anything . I think he be a happier man than I . ( he smile wryly , the girl for the moment forget ) he suffer I to buy he a new suit . and get he a job at he old hospital ... exterior moscow STREET day location spring medium shot . ' yevgraf be steering yuri , look doubly frail in he thick new suit , towards atram . yevgraf talk earnestly , / yuri gravely nodd . yevgraf ( SOUND ) : I see he off for he first day 's work . this be eight year after he and - lara , parte . the girl gound . disappointed . tender : ) : - so he never see she again ? voy they reach the tram in close shot ; passenger get on and off . yuri embrace yevgraf . . . yuri thank you . ' you have be very kind to I . he mount the tram with assistance . the conductor ring the bell and the tram jerk away . yuri call back to yevgraf , eye twinkle , but face straight : : you be right . it 's a matter of self - respect . close shot . yevgraf smile , raise he hand . medium shot . from the back of the recede tram yuri wave back and turn inside . close up . yevgraf look after the tram . yevgraf ( SOUND ) : he must have know how ill he be . the wall of he heart be like paper . but he keep itto himself . he keep a lot to himself . ( he turn away abruptly ) no , 1680 1681 1682 1683 1684 1685 1686 1687 1688 1689 1690 1691 . . 275 interior tram location day close shot . yuri sit in a single seat by the window . he look out of the window dreamily . : medium tracking shot . fov yurl the busy pavement of the street ahead . a female figure appear and disappear among the passersby walk in the same direction as the tram . we recognise , or we think we recognise - lara . close ue . yuri idly gaze , have not see she . medium tracking shot ( perhaps zoom ina little ) the female figure again . as the tram gain on she she come into profile . '' music begin . it be lara . she too have age eight year , be poorly dress , but not in such terrible shape as yuri . close up . yuri recognise she a moment after wedo . the tram stop witha jolt . for a moment he just sit look at she in amazement . : medium close shot . camera pan with lara as she walk along the pavement , now gain on we . close shot , yuri rise from he seat . the gangway be pack with solid look people . he make a effort to push through but new passenger be push forward from the entrance . the bell ring , the tram start off again . yuri desperately return to he seat . closeup . he press he head against the glass , look ahead . medium tracking shot . Pov yuri . the tram be catch lara up again . she be now very near as the tramway have close in towards she pavement . . close shot . yuri half rise ; scrabble desperately to open the window . it be jamme . he sit again . medium tracking shot . lara be again almost level with the tram and only afew yard away . camera pan with she and lead we to a big close up of yuri . he beat at the window as if in some claustrophobic nightmare . bead of perspiration on he forehead . turn , fight for breath , gather himself for one final effort , rise . close shot . camera pan with yuri , now terribly white , as he fight and push he way through a sea of face stare at he in the gangway . the bell ring . un - naturally loud . the tram stop again , everyone sway . he push on . . 1692 1693 1694 1695 1696 1697 1698 1699 - 1700 1701 , 1702 276 close shot . he reel onto the platform , look wildly down at : medium shot , lara walk by , almost underneath . disappear behind the body of the tram . a close up . yuri try to call she name - but can not . lurch forward . medium close shot . he almost fall off the tram into the road . stagger a couple of step , collect himself , look ahead at : _ medium shot . lara draw away along the pavement . close up . yuri , look desperately after she , move forward . long shot . the tram in foreground of picture . the passenger all look at yuri . he stagger a few step after the recede figure of lara , then fall tothe ground . music stop . passenger and - other passersby run to he form a little circle , so we see he no , more . inthe background lara walk on unaware , and be lose in the crowd , dissolve exterior cemetary location day spring close shot . foot be pass along a well - keep path , varied foot in boot , shoe and pump , or simply wrap in rag . medium shot . in foreground , the people to whom the foot belong . Old folk mostly , the remnant of the old intelligentsia , but there be a sprinkle of earnest look modern youngster . they make they way quietly between the headstone of a sunlight cemetary , on they way from a new grave , well laden in flower , in the background . yevgraf ( SOUND ) : I be astonished to find the extent of he reputation . his work be unobtainable at that time . it be dis - approve of by the Party . but if people love poetry - close shot . the flower on the grave . spring flower , daffodil . + they love poet . and nobody love poetry like a Russian . closeup . yevgraf look down at the grave . behind he a voice say : : lara ( SOUND ) Excuse I . comrade --- 1702 1703 1704 1705 '' 1706 1707 1708 1709 277 continue he turn . camera pan slightly to include lara . she say : lara be you .. yevgraf ? my name be lara . closeup . yevgraf react with great interest while she , agitate , collect herself . '' yevgraf ( SOUND ) I know she name from the " lara " '' poem which I have find among my brother 's manuscript . close up . lara lara : I know you brother . I need - you help . cut interior hut studio day close shot . yevgraf and the girl in the hut . yevgraf . ' that be how I meet she , tonya . she have come 'to Moscow , to look for - : close up . the girl . yevgraf continue on SOUND : - she child . I help she , as far as anyone could . cuT interior orphanage studio or location day summer close tracking shot . Children 's face , all of they girl , look up past camera which be travel along them_at . adult eye-line . close tracking shot . lara , follow at a respectful distance by yevgraf and matron , be inspect the little girl who . have be line up for she ina rather bleak orphanage . she. be terribly move by the unguessable predicament of all this small people . : close up tracking . more face of young girl pass by . Dark , blonde , tough , shy . all look up at the beautiful sad lady . with the intent , loving eye . 1710 1711 1712 1713 1714 1715 1716 278 close up tracking . lara from the child 's eyeline . a faint play of emotion , or a soft reassure smile , a sudden gravity , a dawnin hopelessness . . long shot , lara have come to the endoaf the line . she stop , turn to yevgraf and matron , shake she head . matron clap she hand and the child run off . cur interior hut studio day close shot , yevgraf and the girl . yevgraf but I know it be hopeless ... in fact , you be still run wild at that time , be not you ? the girl ( subdued ) yes , comrade General . close up yevgraf yevgraf | ithink ... I be a little in love with she ... exterior moscow STREET location day summer medium shot . lara be crossing a street , walk away from camera . after afew pace she turn , still walk , .look upwards behind she and wave . close shot . ' yevgraf in the window af a house look . down at she . he wave back . long shot . yevgraf' fov . lara reach the far . side of the street and pass beneath a colossal poster of stalin . hold on he arm a little boy , with the head of child look up - at he trust - fully . yevgr ‘¢f ( ound ) one day she go away and do not come back . lara begin to mingle with the passersby . by the time yevgraf have finish speak she be lose to view . T try to trace she ; but I could not . she must have be arrest in the street , as so often happen in that day , 1716 279 continue yevgraf ( cont ) and she die or vanish somewhere , forget as 2 nameless number on a list which be afterwards mislaid , in one of the innumerable mix or woman 's concentration camp in the north . cuT '' interior hut studio day 1717 1718 1719 / 1722 close up . thegirl . she be move . to the verge.of tear , she face pucker , she look away , swallow . close up . yevgraf lean forward towards she , yevgraf ( compel ) . tonya , how do you come to be lose ? medium shot . a pause . she fight for control , can not achieve it . the girl we be run , in a street - . yevgraf ( quickly ) = we ? . the girl my father ... yevgraf . . not you father - komarovsky . the girl ( wildly ) I do not know - ! ( now it must come ; total recall ; she distress uncontrollable ) ' the street be on fire ... and there be explosion ... the house be fall down . we be run and he ~ he - he let . go.of my hand . this be the worst moment of she life . she be shaking : he let go of my hand - ghe struggle desperately with - herself ; look away and squeak : ) and - shrug ) I be tost . yevgraf ( move , gently : ) would a father , have do that . * 280 1719 / continue 1722 she look at he and inform he , factually . the girl oh yes . feople will do anything . he know it too well , he be move . take refuge in harshness : yevgraf where be you mother ? the girl ( a desolate whisper ) I do not know . yevgraf she be in hospital ; she hadtyphus . it be komarovsky . this man be you father ! - she look down at the photograph . she consider wistfully what she obviously take to be a attractive proposition . why will not you believe it ? ( gently , puzzle ) do not you want to believe it ? the girl not if it be not true . yevgraf ( look at she , . suddenly peaceful ) ah ... that 's inherite . . the girl comrade General , when I be a child I want parent - .». well , you can imagine how I want . parent . I want to die when I be a child . you know ? ( yeygraf nod , attend carefully ) but now ... her gaze wander to the window and back to yevgraf . she conclude . quite lightly : I do not know ... ( a little appeal ) and I can not be of any use to they now , can I ? yevgraf I be hope I might be of some use , to you . will you think about it ? . the girl ( we sense she be ina hurry to be gonei yes. 282 ( revise 17.5.65 ) 1719 / continue 1722 1723 1724 1725 / 1727 yovgraf and will you teke this ? ( the book ) the girl y yee. ( take it ) yevgraf and may I see you again ? ( she look at he , scared again ) . yell think about it . yevgraf risc . exterior dam location Day sumier close shot . outside the hut , the young worker , adc '' and police be drowsy with wait . the other loiterer have go . backgrouna nondescript mountai ? side . on SOUND a docr open ; all look up at : medium , shot , shoot from behind they down onto area of white concrete , yevgrap and girl descend from hut . young worker walk forward , down into frame . they meet at the bottom of the step . medium close shot . yeygraf look at young workir very military . the boy swallow , but sustain the look , yevgrat look to the girl for explanation put she sey to young worker : the girl it 's all right , David . she take the bundle from he , hold it in she hand . yevgraf look at the boy , a bit hostile , a bit jealous . thies be not part .of he plan . they look very defenceless , very proud , move elose together . but the girl look sympathetically at yevgraf . yevgraf like they . he relax . '' yevgrip you work here ? . ' 282 ° , ( revise 17..5.65 ) .1725 / continue 1727 1728 1729 1730 1731 young woreor yes comrade General . I be a operator . yavgraf what do you opernte ? jhe girl ( proudly , point : ) that ! . hediun shoot . they fov . a giant excavator , well use but in perfect condition . behind it now , & glimpse of the working - a lsrry perk say , with neat line of ten-whecler . medium shot . as before . yevgraf grunt . 4 moment of awkwardness . the great man face the Young thing across a chasn . ysvgraf David operate goliath . the official quip mect with obedient laughter . but they be like hin , though it do not cross the boy 's mind to sce he , as the girl be beginning to , as a fellow human be . he be Authority . to release they yevgraf step back a step or two , he hend behind he back . yovgraf you have promise to think about it , tonya . the boy look at she not altogsther happily , sensin a relationship from which he be exclude . close shot . ylvgraf . he raise he hand ine half - civilien selute , hesitete for one moment and walk eway towards he adc . after a few pace we hear , on souid , a little discord of musical note . ysvgraf stop , turn : closs shot , tho girl and teo boy . he be help she hitch up she bundic . a rough peasant 's balal : tiza be strung to its back . they move off . 1732 1733 1734 / 1737 283 ( revise 17.5.65 ) close shot . yevgrat call after they : yovgraf tonyai close shot , the girz ond the boy stop and turn . moliut : shod . yovgraf be come towards thon . chgra é pan with he into 2 close shot with the two of they , yovgraf ( innocently ) can you play the balalaika ? ' she stare back at he , he meaning beginning to d@avn , but the boy take it at face value : yourg worker can she play ...! yevgrap ( still lock at the girl , and smile now ) she play well ? young workor fall the comrade genorel , Ho give she a little shove , but she simply move away from hin a little not take she almost frighten eye from yevgraf . she 's ean artist ! yevgrap . a artist ... who teach you ? young # 7oreir no- one teusht she . yevgraf ah , then it 's a gifti : on which word , music , salelaike , lyrical , dezzlin , a irrepressible fountain of note . yevgraf step back . : oe =v 7 ( revise 17.5.55 ) we see boy and girl he Pov . they movement now bring ento frame the dam itself , a glorious curve of concrete soar up to the floeting cloud . close up , yevgrap watch they go . music play louder , faster . : long shot he Pov . the boy and giri recede , pass from frame diagonally . 4s they go the dan gate open . the roar of the water and the music compete . when boy and girl . heve go the plumging water , its . be of rebound and billow spray occupy , the sereen alone , over which : final credit . the erd