" dog day afternoon " by Frank pierson final draft fade in : ext . electric sign it fill the screen ( design to exactly fill the frame size of whatever ratio we be shoot in ) . it say : 2:51 this message will be a little cryptic to the movie audience on a essentially black screen . hold for a beat , then it change : the light flash this sign , which should explain it to everyone : 94 ° and a slow distant roll of thunder in the far distance ; now the SOUND of media begin to come up loud , under : ext . flatbush avenue - day long shot down the Avenue , 400 mm lens , heat wave shimmer , thousand of old people , and people with child in stroller move restlessly about in the heat on that endless mile of bench . the shot be on screen only for a beat or two , then go ... SOUND track come from a thousand transistor radios , tv sets , auto radios , blend in the OPEN AIR ... radio announcer 1 ( v.o. ) ... the situation continue tense in the Middle East today , as ... ext . shea stadium ( tv clip ) - day a unnamed player swing and hit a high pop up ... announcer 2 ( v.o. ) ...hit a high inside pitch foul into the upper stand ... angle on crowd as the ball come down they scramble and fight for it ... a touch of viciousness ... announcer 3 ( v.o. ) ... B - 52 's meanwhile , unleash the heaviest bombing of the war ... ext . movie house to macdonald be - day we be seeing heidi , though we do not know it yet - she 's just another pretty 175 - pound italian girl with two kid , kimmy , jimmy , about four and five year old . right now she be a lump of brown flesh , shine with oil among row of similar lady ( mostly thin , but all with a certain unhealthy softness about they ) laid out in row and group across the sand . shoot low and long , so heat shimmer rise , as though the heat be baking the oil out of this mob , visible suntan oil pollution ... heidi 's transistor blast rock music into the air . lyric ( over ) ( roberta flack ) reverend lee , she say , lord know I love you , reverend lee - do it to I ( etc. , etc . ) announcer 3 ( v.o. ) ... the american High Command announce the fame 25th cavalry division would be come home ! the 25th cavalry , long since afoot , harden in battle in the jungle of World War ii ... far distant thunder roll ... int / ext . sonny'' car - STREET - day it be park in a drab Brooklyn street . beside the car stand sal , medium height , also good - look in a intense boyish way . his eye dart about suspiciously , the ever- watchful sal . there be a watchful reserve in sal that contrast to sonny 's outgo bounciness : first impression be sonny be all bark ; sal be the bite . sal be dress in impressive blue suit style , he look like a kid try to impress the godfather . he even wear a hat . now , match sal 's preparation inside the car , he check he tie 's alignment , shoot he cuff and be ready ... meanwhile , on they car radio : elton JOHN ( amoreena ) and she dream of crystal stream of day gone by when we could lean laughing fit to burst upon each other ... another angle by car as he turn , from the back of the car , jackie appear with a huge florist box , tie with ribbon . Jackie be a eighteen year old with bad complexion and in contrast to sonny and sal be dress in teenage sloppiness . adida , T-shirt , bowl jacket , jeans . he be uncertain : wait for direction from sonny . sonny take the florist box from he . we see a water truck drive down the street , follow by sonny 's car , which drive up near bank . it stop , Jackie get out , cross to bank window , peer through , then angle inside car return to car . leans in , have fake conversation with sonny . they be wait . sonny check he watch , turn to sal in back seat : sonny 30 second , sal ... they wait . at appropriate moment , sal exit car , walk toward bank . slowly sonny get out . int . bank - day a slightly seedy little branch bank , old yellow brick , blond varnish wood , a rubber plant , a american flag . through the window we see howard , the age black bank guard , in uniform , take down the american flag from outside . past he come sal carry a attache case . he pass Howard come toward we through the door into the bank . as he pass camera : insert : bank clock as it click from 2:57 to 2:58 pm . moving shot with sal as he move toward the left-hand deposit-slips desk . he pick out a car-loan application slip , then walk toward the manager 's desk ( as the sign on the desk proclaim ) of patrick mulvaney . sal sit down , he back to mulvaney , face the front door of the bank . mulvaney be on the phone . on door as sonny bustles through in he bouncy dancer 's walk . he carry the large florist box . he move toward the leave - hand deposit-slips desk , take one out and begin to fill one out . on howard as he pull out the key , attach to the belt of he uniform . Jackie approach the door of the bank and stop , neither in nor out , as though he can not make up he mind . Howard watch he , wait patiently , key in hand , fold flag under he arm . close - sal still sit , back to mulvaney , watch Jackie 's approach and entrance , ready to move on cue . on door on Howard as he look at Jackie , still half in , half out . Howard speak to he : howard close time ; you want in or out ? Jackie step in and as Howard lock the door to prevent more customer from enter , Jackie walk toward sonny , fill out a slip at the left-hand area . camera follows Jackie . he stop at deposit-slips desk , next to sonny . close - sal as if by pre-arranged signal , sal now stand up , move to the side of mulvaney 's desk . sal you the manager ? on mulvaney who be still on the phone . he gesture at the sign on he desk that say so , and gesture for sal to sit down . on sal as he sit , produce as he do a machine pistol , which he hold on mulvaney 's chest , out of sight from other in the bank . mulvaney his mouth simply stop , and he stare at the gun . mulvaney be a comic opera irishman in he early fifty , florid ... cheerful , bushy eyebrow ; he act out everything he say ... sal just go on talk , like nothing be happen , okay ? mulvaney ( into phone ) listen , lemme call you back . he hang up , and look from the gun up to sal 's blank hard face . to he own amazement , he grin : a hopeful grin that say : " like I - do not hurt I . " and he 's embarrassed by it . as we watch , he smile turn sour . he Pov - flash sal 's absolutely unmove face . two shot - sonny and jackie Jackie move over to sonny . jackie sonny , I be gettin ' real bad vibe . sonny Jackie - what be you talk about ? jackie maybe we can take something smaller ... like a Spanish grocery . sonny ( indicate what 's happen with sal and mulvaney ) it 's too late - just get away from I - do not talk to I now - go over to you place ... Jackie move to another deposit-slips desk - take one out and begin to fill it out . on teller' cage area as a lady with a baby in a stroller move away from the teller and start to walk toward the front door . deborah be mark figure on a piece of paper at 1st teller 's cage . sylvia and miriam stand behind she - they back to sonny . Howard , who have put the fold flag in a plastic bag in a front desk , follow Lady toward the door . he unlock the door and hand the baby a lollipop , courtesy of the bank , and she exit the bank . close - new angle - sonny glance at clock , take a sharp deep breath ... sal stare at mulvaney . mulvaney the ruin of he smile still on he face . howard straighten up from lock the door ; the figure of the Lady and the baby can be see recede outside ... sonny see that the bank be close , lock in , with no customer , cross toward the front teller 's cage area , carry the florist box . as he reach the other side , he rip open the box and take the rifle out and aim it level onto sylvia ball , the teller , who automatically take the " close " sign and hold it in front of she face as though to protect herself from the rifle . sylvia ( hold sign in front of she face ) sorry , this window be shut ... two shot - mulvaney and sal as mulvaney stand and yell to sylvia ... angle on back of bank , rest room area as margaret , a accountant , come out of the lady ' room , start to cross downstage toward she desk , see what be happen , and momentarily freeze in she track . sonny the cue have get all fuck up , but he 's so program and ready , he can not adjust , so the speech he have ready come out now : sonny okay , this be a stickup ! nobody move ! this be a fuck stickup ! just freeze now , goddammit ! get away from you desk ... get in the center - get in the center ! sylvia and edna start to move toward the rear of the bank , toward Margaret 's desk . mulvaney aghast at he own outspokenness ... sal hold the gun levell on he . mulvaney okay , okay ... we know it 's a stickup ! sonny ( to Jackie , be : Howard ) if he move - blow he gut out ... cover he ! two shot - sonny &amp ; jackie Jackie , stare at the real gun , turn to sonny ... jackie I be sorry , sonny ... I can not make it ... Jackie start to move toward the front door . sonny hey , for christ 's sake ... now ... fuckin ' asshole ... ( turn to sal ) he can not make it . sal fuck he - let he out ! sonny yell out at freeze Howard . sonny hey ... let he out ! mulvaney ( yell ) do what the gentleman say , Howard . sonny see that Howard be useless , so he run to Howard , grab the key from he and pull Howard along with he to the front door . Jackie unlock the door , and Jackie , with a last apologetic glance , give he gun to sonny and vanish into the sweltering afternoon . sonny then frisk Howard and have a sudden afterthought as he lock the door again . he quickly unlock it and shout out at Jackie . ext . bank - day sonny hey , do not take the car ! jackie ( on sidewalk ) well , how will I get home ? sonny take the subway . we need the car . ( as Jackie start to walk away ) hey , gimme the key - the key ! Jackie stop , fumble for key , cross back to sonny with they . jackie ( point to fig. desk ) sonny , there 's somebody under that desk over there ... I be sorry ... sonny it 's okay ... it 's okay ... sonny turn into the bank once more , as Jackie walk off toward the subway , point inside at a desk near the window as he do , to point something out to sonny . int . bank - day sonny , re-enter the bank , speak to Howard . sonny lock it . sonny now cross to desk that Jackie indicate , as everyone watch he , as though it 's all in the game . sonny ( tap loudly on top of desk ) hey ... get outta there ! nobody 's gonna hurt you . jenny , a young , frighten girl , peek out from under the desk , obviously afraid to reveal herself . sonny start to move toward the front of the bank . sal turn so he can cover everyone . sonny turn to order Howard . sonny pull the drape . Howard do not move . sonny pulla drape ! Howard belatedly leap to work , pull drape that screen off the interior from outside . the door have no drape or blind and thus when the drape be close there be a corridor of space across the street we will always be able to see . and from which people outside will always be able to see in . as Howard finish the task , he then walk back to the huddle group on the rear . sonny on he way to the back of the bank , be digging into he jacket pocket ; he swing around as he pass the camera that be bolt to a wall bracket cover the teller ' area . he whip out a spray can and give the lens a shot of red paint . there be three camera in all , each of which he spray . sonny ( grin ) no replay , folk ... no alarm ... after spraying the three camera , he have reach mulvaney 's desk area . the girl be scatter to group farther back and sonny and mulvaney be head for the vault . mulvaney ( on cross to vault with sonny ) we be hip ... let 's just get you all fix up and on you way ! miriam , a young , awkward , overweight jewish girl , chew gum with nervous machine - like rapidity , move toward the vault . the gate be close , and she hold one key and mulvaney the other . they pass sal , who now hold the other in the bank under he gun while at the vault gate . sonny okay , be the vault open ? mulvaney I can take care of that . new angle mulvaney be about to insert he key in he lock . sonny quickly reach out and grab mulvaney 's hand , and look at the key he have extend . he explode . sonny Son of a bitch ! he almost hit mulvaney with he fist . sonny what the fuck you tryin ' to do ? trip the alarm ? use the spur key ? use the other one ... he 's grab the key from mulvaney and hold up the key mulvaney be go to use ... we be in a : very tight two shot - mulvaney and sonny'' head sonny hold the key right in the middle of the frame where mulvaney and the audience can see the key have a tiny projection or spur at the end . if this key be use , the spur triggers a silent alarm . mulvaney I must of be outta my mind . sonny ( furious ) well , you get you mind right . I be a Catholic and I do not wanna hurt nobody , but goddamn it , do not you play no game with I . unnastand ?!? mulvaney nod and pick out a key that be identical except for the spur . he show it to sonny . sonny nod . new angle as mulvaney carefully use the safe key to unlock the gate . Miriam be cry as she unlock she side . the gate swing open . sonny shove mulvaney inside and , as he pass Miriam , notice she tear . she just stand there stare into he face like a hypnotize chicken , the tear stream down she face . sonny stop , stare at she . mulvaney , start to open the gate , move inside the vault , impatient ... mulvaney okay . let 's get you on you way . Miriam - open the safe . Miriam hesitates . sonny what 's the matter with you ? mulvaney ( to Miriam ) come on , lemme load you up ... miriam there be not any money ... sonny look at mulvaney , alarmed ... miriam they pick it up this afternoon ... sonny no money ?! ( move inside the vault ) miriam there 's only about four thousand in singles , and maybe a few hundred in larger bill ... he 's go to kill we ! sonny storm into the vault . new angle in vault as mulvaney pull a cash drawer out to show sonny : even we can see there be not much there . sonny search for more , find nothing . sonny this be it ? what be I gonna do with this ? Holy shit ! mulvaney it 's all we get . sonny okay , do not worry about it . stick it in the bag ... at this , sonny pull out a plastic bag from he pocket , hand it to Miriam , who open it and put the money into it . as he turn , we see that Miriam be still stare at he , terrify , and as he rifle swing around , she reel back with a little screech of terror ... sonny ah , Jesus ... sal let 's go , sonny . sonny ( suddenly gentle ) what be you cry for ? Jesus Christ . it 's not you fault there 's no money ... mulvaney she 's afraid you be gonna shoot ... ( hand sonny the bag of money ) sonny start out of the vault toward the teller 's area with bag of money . he speak to mulvaney . sonny what the hell would I shoot she for ? Miriam follow sonny to teller 's cage gate . he carry the bag . phone start to ring ( # 1 ) sonny answer the phone ! mulvaney cross to he desk , pick up the receiver . sal follow he , yank receiver from one ear to the other , so he can hear conversation . sonny ( to Miriam ) okay ... open this . Miriam cross to gate , press the necessary button and the gate open from they . sonny watch this carefully , note where the buzzer button be . he cross in front of the drawer at the first cage . he try to open the drawer . it 's obviously lock . sonny okay , who 's the head teller here ? sylvia I be . sonny open this up ! sylvia come forward and unlock the first drawer , and begin to remove the cash , but sonny grab she hand ... alarmed ... sonny do not take it all out ! he grab a piece of paper or cardboard ... close shot - sonny'' hand and cash in drawer he take all the singles but one out of the singles slot in the drawer , leave the bottom single in place . it be hold there by a metal clip . he carefully slip the paper under the clip and then remove the single . it be clear this be a automatic alarm - meanwhile ... sonny Boy , I can not trust a one of you ... I work in a bank , I know the alarm , so do not try to fool around with I ! back to shot of sonny and sylvia and miriam as they move to 2nd cash drawer at 2nd teller 's cage . sylvia unlock the drawer and start to reach in for the cash , but sonny push he hand into the drawer instead . he begin to stuff the money into the bag . some fives , package with rubber band , in the drawer , he hold up so sal and all can see they ... he laugh ! sonny decoy money , right , it 's mark ! shit ! he throw it into the air so the bill flutter all around he , gaily ... in the background , mulvaney , have finish with the phone conversation , be move to the rear with the rest of the girl . sonny now move to the 3rd cage 's cash drawer ... mulvaney end phone conversation and sal move he over to group at vault . sonny ( mimick sylvia ) ' this window be shut ... ' again , the same procedure begin . sylvia unlock the cash drawer and sonny start to scoop it out and put it into the open plastic bag that Miriam hold . sal cheer up , you will be the veteran of a robbery , the bank send you a dozen red rose , you know that ? at this point , the phone begins to ring again ( # 2 ) sonny ( yell to sal ) sal , let he answer the goddamn phone , they be drive I crazy ! look at this chicken shit ! again , mulvaney start to cross back to he desk , again follow by sal . sonny yell out to mulvaney as he cross to answer the phone . sonny hey , you , manager ... do not get any idea , fucker ... see that man there ? I bark and he bite ! mulvaney believe I , I be on you side . sonny my side , shit ! they move to drawer # 4 . sylvia listen , we get young girl here ... you could watch you language . sonny I speak what I feel . mulvaney on the phone mulvaney hello ... I be sorry I can not talk to you right now ... I suggest you call during banking hour tomorrow . what be you name ? back on sonny , sylvia and miriam sonny gimme the traveler 's check and the register . they cross toward the last drawer area ( # 5 ) . Miriam be still cry silently . sonny hold out the plastic bag for the check for she . she drop it . sonny please ... quit that . it 's not necessary . with everything in the bag , sonny now take the register and start to move the two girl toward the rear near the vault . mulvaney can you hurry it up ? back to sonny as he move toward the rear ( sylvia and Miriam now re-join other woman ) , to get a wastebasket . accomplish this , he start to burn the page of the register , tear out page as he do so . it 's smokey as hell , but not burn well . he drop it , smoking , into the wastebasket . sonny ( to Howard ) hey , you ! give I the key ... we be gettin ' outta here . howard ( gasp for breath ) huh ? mulvaney Howard ? howard huh ? on howard the old man be panicked , great patch of sweat spread around he armpit . he breathes in asthmatic gasp ; now he flinch at he name , as though he 's be hit . mulvaney ( stand , receiver still to ear , then cover it with he hand ) Howard , give he the key ... sonny gimme the key to get outta here ! Howard be unable to move . see he predicament , edna move to he and start to unfasten he belt to remove the key . mulvaney continue with he phone conversation . on sonny who now cross to Howard and edna , lose patience with the situation . as he move closer , Howard back away from he , frighten by he rifle . see that , sonny put it down and look over to sal for coverage . sonny sal ... as sonny approach Howard , he realize that he can not get close enough . sonny take it easy ... just gimme the key . I be not gonna hurt you . listen , calm down , huh ? you be gonna have a heart attack . just gimme the key ... that 's all I want . Howard give he the key and as sonny start to walk back toward the burn register ... on sal with mulvaney still on the phone . sal ( look past camera , fall onto the floor behind mulvaney ) sonny ... who 's that ? across the street . on sonny who now start to move quickly toward the front of the bank , be sure to hide behind the post as he move . mulvaney ( o.s. ) ( on phone ) no , it be the credit rating . the credit rating . I do not know , you would have to find that out from he . sonny have now reach the front of the bank . he carefully peek out through the close drapery to look outside . angle on STREET - sonny'' Pov a man , in a business suit , sweaty and harass - look , be walk from a insurance office across the street directly toward the bank ... the man continue come straight toward they and we ... reverse sonny start to run back to get he gun from Margaret 's desk . mulvaney be still on the phone . mulvaney it be something a couple of year ago in St. Louis , I do not know ... sonny grab the gun from the desk top and move over to mulvaney . angle on door at front of bank the man walk straight toward the glass door , already lift he hand to shadow he eye , so when he reach the door , he will be able to see inside . reverse on sal and mulvaney sal bring the gun up so he can shoot the man , at the same time , crabbing himself aside so he be conceal behind mulvaney and the desk . mulvaney see the approach man and cup he hand over the phone . mulvaney it 's the insurance guy across the street . he probably see the goddamn smoke ! ( motion toward smoking register ) please ! put out the fire ! on man the last few foot from the door . on sonny who rush through the teller 's cage gate toward the register , grab the smoking register , throw it onto the floor near edna 's desk , and start to stamp it out . margaret I will get some water ! before anyone can move , sonny grab the gun on they all . sonny nobody move ! freeze ! the woman now begin to scream as real hysteria set in . deborah scream , collapse . close - on sal bring gun up on : door the man actually kick the glass with he foot , then lean against the glass , shade he eye , try to see in . mulvaney ( o.s. ) sorry ... I can not talk now ... I will call you back . SOUND of hang up . the man be look all around . sal and mulvaney sal get rid of he . mulvaney Howard , wave he off . tell he we be close . whatever ... on howard who be useless . on mulvaney who start to move toward the front door , look over at sonny try to put out the fire . camera follows mulvaney to the front door ; sonny move with he , cover he all the time . angle on front door as sonny stand behind close venetian blind to listen to the conversation and to cover mulvaney . sonny the gun 's right on you back ... mulvaney give I the key ... sonny hand he the key . very close shot - sal he raise the gun and sight it now , and in this moment , we should sense a kind of luxurious relaxation into anticipation on sal 's part . he be smile a little , and for the first time , look happy , and that 's what make he seem dangerous . he 's look forward to a excuse to kill . it 's here now : survival . there be something almost sexual about the way he settles he body down behind the weapon , get ready for the squeeze on the trigger , the report , the violent shove of recoil against he muscle and sinew . in the background , we see sylvia bring Howard a cup of water . angle on door emphasize the small of mulvaney 's back . the man be somebody he know from across the street . he look worried and mystify ... mulvaney ( unlock door ) what be it , Sam ? SAM everything 's all right ? you okay ? mulvaney yeah , just a cigarette get in a wastebasket . silence . Sam stare around ... think . SAM you all right ? mulvaney Little smoke : like a Polish four - alarm fire , be all . SAM yeah . well , you be okay ? mulvaney yeah , thanks for keep a eye out . SAM okay . he 's not satisfied , but he can not see anything and he can not think of anything more to say , so ... mulvaney thanks again , Sam . SAM I be glad it 's okay . mulvaney it 's okay . [ regards to the family , Sam . ] mulvaney lock the door and walk inside the bank , give the key back to sonny . mulvaney for God 's sake , will you please go now ? we give you every nickel we get . sonny you be goin ' outside with I . if there 's no cop around , we just split . otherwise , you go with we . mulvaney and sonny start to walk back toward sal . as they do , the phone begins to ring again ( # 3 ) . sonny ( to mulvaney ) answer it . mulvaney shrug helplessly . pick up the phone , stand at desk opposite he . on sal sal he 's go ? sonny yeah - it 's all right ... let 's go . mulvaney on phone mulvaney hello , mulvaney here ... two shot - sonny &amp ; sal sonny sal , get them in the vault . sal where 's the money ? sonny get them in the vault ! as sal start to herd they into the vault ( sylvia help Howard , still with the cup of water ) , mulvaney be still on the phone . sonny move down to get the money bag atop the teller 's cage and we hear mulvaney on phone . mulvaney ( tired ) what property be that , Mrs. anterio ? the third Avenue property - you already get a second mortgage on . we discuss it before ... angle at vault the girl be afraid ; Miriam unlock the gate as sonny use mulvaney 's key to the match lock . jenny ( from inside vault area ) you will not close the vault ? how can we breathe ? sonny no , that 's okay ... just close the gate ... sylvia , help Howard , be the last to go through the gate . as sonny be about to lock the gate , she turn to he . sylvia listen , I will never make it . I will have to go to the toilet . sonny what 's the matter ... they never housebroke you ? sylvia it 's not a joke . I get this terrible fear of be lock in ... sal goddamn woman ... sonny ah shit . okay ... go ahead . anybody else have to go ? edna I , too , please . sal you see ... now they all gotta go . as sylvia start to move out , sonny start to cross ahead of she . sonny wait a minute - I want to check . mulvaney finish he phone conversation . he move toward the group at the vault . new angle as sonny sprint for the door to the lady ' room . inside lady ' room it be a little lounge ; sit on a couch under the window , make up she face ( or painting she toenail ) and listen to she tiny transistor radio , oblivious to all that 's happen , be maria , heavily - paint and voluptuous Latin girl . sylvia , follow he in , be shocked . she 's forget about Maria . now she run over to she , put she arm around she . sylvia oh - Maria ! sonny who the hell be that ? God damn it ! what the ... Maria be about to protest , but sylvia grab she and start to hustle she out . sonny what be you try to pull ? sylvia I forget she 's in here . sonny come on , nobody 's go to the bathroom - come on ... he move with they back to the vault area , herd they into it . at this point , phone ring again ( # 4 ) . sonny move to get the empty wastebasket , shove it into the vault for the girl to use in case of emergency . mulvaney move to he desk and phone . mulvaney have by this time answer the phone , and be now hold it out to sonny . hold the beat ... mulvaney ( to sonny ) it 's for you . on sonny and sal they both stare at mulvaney . sonny slowly move toward mulvaney . for the first time since he enter the bank , he 's quiet and slow . he take the instrument and slowly put it to he ear . the group from the vault now slowly start to move out to listen to the conversation . sonny ( into phone ) yeah . moretti ( v.o. ) what be you doin ' in there ? sonny who 's this ? moretti ( v.o. ) this be detective sergeant Moretti , asshole , we get you completely by the ball . you do not believe I , I be lookin ' you right in the eye . right now , I can see you ... sal who be it ? sonny turn and look out through the door . sure enough , in the window of the barbershop across the street , the dim figure of a man on a telephone can be see look out toward we . he wear a hat in spite of the weather and a cigar be clamp in he mouth . he be a old - time , hard - nose , uneducate , street - wise , sarcastic New York cop , outspoken , rude and sentimental . right now he 's a distant silhouette and a voice on the telephone . close on sonny hold the phone . listen to the voice of he death speak in New York accent . moretti ( v.o. ) okay ? let 's be reasonable and not stupid and not get anybody hurt . you come to the front door with hand fold on you head , unnastand ? nobody 's gonna shoot or ... sonny slowly , almost sadly , put the telephone receiver back down , cut off the little voice at the other end . he look up at mulvaney , then to sal . sonny ( to sal ) it 's the cop . shit ! sal how would that happen ? mulvaney ( back away from sonny ) I swear to God ... on my salary , I be not gonna be any hero ... sonny I take too long . sal it be the fire , asshole ! sonny pace . mulvaney I tell you , just go , get out when you could , but no , you just get to hang around . sonny be pace back and forth , try to figure out what to do . sonny oh , shit ! I gotta have time to think . sylvia what be it ? do you just barge in here ... he do not have plan . it 's all a whim . ( sarcastic ) ' Rob a bank ! what not ? ' sonny ... just give I time to think ... phone start to ring ( # 5 ) . mulvaney we be all in the barrel together ... phone continue to ring . sonny finally grab it ( desk opposite mulvaney ) . sonny ( into phone ) all right , bastard ! you keep away from the bank or we start throw body out the front door one at a time . you get that ? a startle apologetic man 's voice speak : now another phone begins to ring ( # 6 ) . man' voice ( v.o. ) I just call to ask Jenny what time she 's gonna get off . sonny who 's this ? man ( v.o. ) it 's she husband . sonny abruptly hold the phone out from he body at arm 's length , disgust . sonny be there a Jenny here ? nobody move . they all stare at he . finally he singles she out . sonny it 's you husband . Jenny start to move toward sonny . jenny what do I say ? sonny tell he the truth ! tell he whatever you tell he ! other phone continue to ring ( # 6 ) . as he put down the phone for she to pick up , sonny reach for the other phone that be ringing . sonny what a fuckin ' comedy ! ( into phone ) wnew play all the hit . moretti ( v.o. ) listen , first off , be anybody hurt in there ? sonny ... but you keep away from the bank or we start throw body out the front door one at a time ... you get it ? okay ? he hang up the phone . sal look at he . sal you mean that ? sonny what ? sal ... the body out the door . sonny I want he to think that . sal but do you mean it ? at this moment , Jenny , phone in hand , be turn to he , respectfully like a child in a authoritarian household , address she father : jenny he want to know what time you think you will be through . on sonny stare at she . for the first time , he realize how frighten she be , how serious , grotesque , and funny it all be . he take the time to be tender with she , as though she be a not-too- bright child in the presence of a tragedy she will never understand . sonny tell he I do not know . now sonny turn to speak to mulvaney . sonny where 's the back door ? mulvaney it 's lock on the inside . ( beat ) it 's through that passageway and to the right . sonny disappear toward the back door . Jenny continue she phone conversation . man ( v.o. ) Jenny ? jenny he say he do not know . why do not you cook whatever 's there ? man ( v.o. ) it look like a whole roast . jenny honey , send out for kentucky fry chicken . the baby , just open a bottle of prune , and one of the beef . the bottle be in the fridge . mulvaney ( to Jenny ) hurry up ! man ( v.o. ) I know how to fix the bottle . they get gun ? jenny ( with the baby on she mind ) what gun ? man ( v.o. ) the robber in the bank . they get gun ? jenny yeah . a lot of gun . man ( v.o. ) well , stay away from they . do not get close . jenny oh , yeah , I will ... now sonny return from the rear door area , see that she 's still on the phone and signal to she to hurry up . sonny hey , Jenny - let 's go ... jenny hon ? I get to go . man ( v.o. ) I love you . Jenny hesitates . everyone be look at she . they look away , as though to give she privacy . jenny yeah . well , I get to go now ... a beat of silence . realize she can not talk ... man ( v.o. ) I will kiss the baby for you . jenny ( past embarrassment ) I love you . she hang up and then cross to the group by the vault . new angle on sonny as he move to sal , to reassure sal out of some guiltiness about trapping he in this situation . his tone apologetic ... almost tender ... sonny sal , I be sorry about this . but we can get outta this thing . there 's a way outta this . sal be you serious ? about throwin ' a body outta here if we have to ? sonny well , I stall he for a while . when it come the time , then we will work it out . okay ? sal but do you mean it ?... but you just tell he that if worse come to worse ... sonny I want he to think that . sal but I want to know what you think . sonny we will not have to . sal I will tell you right now - that I be ready to do it . now sonny move over to the group at the vault gate and speak to they . sonny what I want to say be ... everything 's gonna be all right ... if we all cooperate and we do not , you know ... carry on ... I do not know you and you do not know I ... and what I be tryin ' to tell you be that if you stay cool out , we can work this thing out and nobody 's go to get hurt ... believe I , I do not want to hurt anybody ... everybody be go to have a chance to do what they have to do ... she 's gotta go to the bathroom - so you go - and you can go after ... everybody 's gonna get a chance ... everybody 's gonna get a chance to use the phone ... let 's just take it a step at a time . sonny now turn toward mulvaney . Howard lie down , head on jacket , in the vault . sonny ( to mulvaney ) now , you -- what 's you name ? mulvaney mulvaney ... sonny you and I be check the other way in and out . sal take a position where he can cover the door and also the girl and Howard . new angle as sonny and mulvaney move toward the rear of the bank . sonny let 's go to the back door . ( refer to Howard ) how would that guy get to be a guard ? mulvaney well , they go to guard school . sonny to what ... learn how to shoot ? they do not get a gun . mulvaney they make $ 105 a week to start . they fold the flag , check the place out in the morning . I do not know what they learn , sonny . at some point in they move toward the rear door , sylvia exit the lady ' room and move back toward the group . mulvaney here we be ... the back door . they look at it . it be big , black , steel and seem solid . sonny test it . sonny they could shoot the lock ... I want to block it , so if they try comin ' here , we be gonna hear it . here , you pull on that side . ( put gun aside ) he have find a big office machine , a xerox or whatever , which he now start to push toward the door . on the opposite side , mulvaney start to pull it toward the door . it 's very heavy and they have to strain to budge it at all . meanwhile : sonny you get kid ? mulvaney I get two kid ... and I would like to see they again . sonny ah , I know ! you be be very cooperative . I get no complaint against you whatever ; you get bank insurance ? mulvaney have remove he suit jacket . mulvaney you know I do . you seem to know a lot about bank procedure . sonny laugh and push the machine . mulvaney pull from the opposite side . sonny do not ask I question . I get connection . you find out who I be , you be cold meat . mulvaney I do not care who you be ... ( shove ) I just want to get you outta here , safe , right ? sonny what if I take you with I ? mulvaney ( stop to rest for a beat , think ) if you take anybody , please take I . sonny they will shoot you ; the fuck cop will shoot you ... they do not give a damn . in spite of that bank insurance . you see what they do in attica , they shot everybody , the hostage , prisoner , cop , guard , forty - two people they kill , the innocent with the guilty . they have the machine almost to the door now , with mulvaney almost pin between the machine and the door . he ease himself out . look at the gun , then at sonny , then they shove the machine against the door . sonny then give mulvaney he jacket to put on again . sonny anyway , I be not gonna take you . I be gonna take one of the girl , a marry one with a couple of kid . the cop do not like it in the papers when they kill a mother , especially if she 's get young kid . finish with the task , sonny take he gun and with mulvaney , they start to cross back toward sal and the rest of the group . sonny you be just a nice guy , Mr. mulvaney . only do not fuck around with I , you know what I mean ? mulvaney I do not fool around with you . mulvaney cross back to he desk and sit down . at this point , all the phone be off the hook . ext . ( aerial ) angle from int . police helicopter ( over bank ) as it bank steeply we can see past Pilot to bank , and cop around car . we see a small crowd be hold back by a few police still set up barricade . it be the first indication of the crowd event it become . it also set the geography for we , but very quickly another copter swim into view and the two circle each other . the other copter -- only foot away -- be a tv news helicopter , with a big camera stick out the open door on we side . it be turn down by the cameraman to focus on the bank . a cop in the police helicopter yell through he bullhorn at the tv cameraman . bullhorn cop this be a restrict area . you be fly in a restrict area ... the tv cameraman swivel he camera up to focus on the cop , and as the lens hit we dead center ... int . apartment near bank though a open window a fire escape can be see and beyond it a angle of street and the bank . near the window in a corner be a tv set , and on the tv set we be see the shot of the police helicopter and the cop yell on the bullhorn as see from the tv copter . a couple of elderly Men be sit watch the tv set , ignore the bank , which they can see in the flesh , as it be . outside we be hearing the copter , and on the tv set likewise , and the voice of the announcer . announcer ( v.o. ) ... police as yet have make no contact with the bank robber who be lock in the bank ... there be a hammering at the door , and the man at the tv set barely have time to look around before several burly cop wear flak vest and helmet and carry sniper rifle with telescopic slight move through the room , ignore the man . they move out onto the fire escape , a couple go up higher , settling themselves down to aim in they rifle on the front of the bank . a lot of ad lib dialogue , but what we note be the cop , as a man , take a look at themselves on the tv . ext . bank - day the frame be full of cop face ... tough , mesomorphic face with a layer of fat under the skin , increase as age . they have the look of cop : alert , curious , weigh . they be city cop ; they do not have that old - fashioned condemnatory expression , there be a element of playfulness in they nature -- the fact be they love they work , which be criminal . there be a peculiar delight in ferrete out the criminal impulse in everybody , and a match fury in punish it -- which be the action of repress they own strongly develop criminal unconscious . this be tense , funny , violent , and rigidly control man . moretti be a old - line cop , a lot more relaxed than the young man and the cold professional of the FBI , who as a group resemble astronaut , and like they hide ( but do not deny ) the psychic chaos underneath . right now they be look at the sky . we hear a heavy helicopter track . we feature sheldon , the silver - haire FBI agent-in - charge , who look like a accountant , and Moretti , with hat and cigar , and a face out of Warner Brothers movie of the Forties . in spite of sheldon 's age , Moretti play though he 's a smart kid who still need a little help . sheldon be get out of a gray car , wear a gray suit . Three man with he be carbon copy of he at young age . the three hang around he . they approach Moretti who look at they without move . moretti ( to no one ) here come the FBI . ( to sheldon ) you man lookin ' for protection ? we get all the police right here . sheldon why do not you just wait and try to take them out there in the street ? Moretti look at he , cheerfully sarcastic . moretti I make a error in judgment . I think the son of bitch would be overwhelm with remorse at the sight of a police officer . and you know somethin' ? nobody have say hostage yet . unnastan ? they be move past cop on the corner head toward a small barbershop across the street from the bank . we now sense the grow crowd , stand quietly , just stare not yet know what 's go on . new angle from down the street come a group of odd - look man in suit , carry all kind of electric junk : the new reporter . they run heavily , sweat martinis and cigarette smoke ... they run up to Moretti and sheldon , who walk along , try not to catch a eye . moving shot - moretti and sheldon among newsmen . voice how many in the bank ? have they get hostage ? any shot exchange ? ( etc. , ad lib ) moretti no , we do not know that yet . this young fella without the hat be FBI . I be detective sergeant Eugene Moretti ... m-o-r-e-double-t-i. Eugene . I do not give a shit , but my wife cry if you spell it wrong . they have arrive at the barber shop where Moretti fight he way inside . int . barber shop - day a cop be talk on the wall phone as moretti , baker , etc. be try to get inside . cop ...no , just get hold of Al , tell he to get the catering truck over to 26th and Avenue B , there 's a bank robbery in progress and big crowd . Big ! tell he to bring ice cream -- I get to hang up . he hang up and immediately begin thumbing through a pocket phone book . throughout this cop be engage in personal business on the fringe of this affair , and though he 's on duty he hardly know what 's happen on the robbery . he 's try to get he brother - in - law with the ice cream truck down here , etc . Moretti have get the crowd clear back , so that now we see why this have be choose as a tactical command post . from here , while talk on the phone , Moretti can see the bank , and through the uncurtain door he can even see some distance inside . Moretti pick up the phone . moretti ( to phone cop ) you get the phone company ? phone cop it 's be set up ... this phone will be a direct line into the bank . Moretti be already dial . the phone be answer . int . bank - day ( re Moretti 's 3rd conversation on phone with sonny . ) the group inside the bank have now be wait approximately twelve minute since anything last happen . sonny be seat at mulvaney 's desk , all the phone off the hook . the rest of the group be huddle around the vault area where sal be keep he eye on they . suddenly , sonny jump up and put all the receiver back on the hook , crossing back to sit at mulvaney 's desk again . phone start to ring and sonny pick it up . moretti okay , you be in there and we be out here . what do we do now ? sonny I tell you -- keep away . I do not know what we do now . moretti awright , but I wanna talk to you . first off , we wanna know if the people in the bank be okay . sonny they be okay . moretti you alone , or you get confederate ? sonny I be not alone . moretti how many you get in there ? sonny I get sal . moretti sal ? what 's that for ? salvatore ? sonny sal . he 's the killer . we be Vietnam veteran so kill do not mean anything to we , you understand ? a cop pass by press a portable two - way radio into Moretti 's hand : he accept it and hold as though he expect it . the cop pass the same type of set to certain other officer . this set be tune in to each other , and throughout the movie , there be a constant background talk on this set . this be police procedure ; the order be for everyone to talk about everything . if anyone have a question , have hear a rumor or a sound , whatever , it be immediately respond to , so that there can be the fewest possible surprise . sample dialogue might go : " do I hear a shot ? " " over here , by the bank , there be a report like a gunshot , inside . " " Roger , we hear that from the barbershop ... it be inside the bank . " " barbershop , you can see inside ? " " Roger , we hear from the barbershop ... it be inside the bank . " " barbershop , you can see inside ? " " Roger , this be the barbershop , we see inside , the perpetrator be move toward the rear of the bank . " " who 's that guy walk through the barricade ? " " the blue suit ? " " yeah . " " off -duty Inspector come down to see can you use he . " etc . they really do use the word perpetrator , felon , etc . the cop hand out radio make Moretti sign for it -- which Moretti do during the follow : moretti right -- get ya . okay , so there 's you -- what 's you name ? sonny what do you want to know that for ? moretti give I a name , any name , just so I get something ' to call you . sonny call I sonny-boy . moretti sonny-boy , one word ? sonny one word . you will not find it in the phone book . moretti listen , sonny ... can I call you sonny for short ? sonny call I whatever you want . moretti okay , sonny , I want to see if the people in the bank be okay , then what I want to do be work out a way to get they out of there . I want to come over there , without a gun ... and you can frisk I . so you can see you can trust I . so we can talk and find a way outta this mess . sonny I frisk you ? moretti you frisk I . sonny right -- I be with you , buddy . moretti I would like just some sign I can trust you too , sonny . I do not want to trust my body out where you could just shoot I . some sight ... right ? sonny sure ... like ... I be not gonna shoot you . moretti how about let the people out of the bank . why put they in this position ? sonny they be what 's keep I alive . you think you be deal with a idiot ? talk to I then . moretti okay , give we the woman . sonny oh , no ... woman be all we get . moretti you be all one way ! I be bein ' reasonable with you ; give I something ' ... give I one of they , anyway ... just one ... sonny so -- you want I to send one out there ... okay . I will see what I can do . sonny hang up and move over to sal . the rest of the group have be try to make out what 's be say at the other end of the conversation . sonny ( to sal ) he want one . sal Dead or alive ? sonny alive . now sonny look at the group . sonny okay ... who 's gonna go first ? mulvaney now stand up at he desk , look over at the group near the vault . they look back at he , wait for some instruction . mulvaney it 's up to you lady . sylvia Howard ! they be now unify . sonny whisper something to sal . sonny to show that we be negotiate . sal all right ... send they the guard . sonny all right ... let 's go . sylvia take Howard by the arm and start to lead he toward the front door . sal watch as they move toward front door . sal cover she , sonny . sonny move with they toward the front door , he gun aim at they during the walk . finally they arrive , and Howard move toward the door by himself . but the door be obviously lock . sylvia he need the key . sonny give she the key . sal ( from the rear ) only one , sonny . sonny cover sylvia as she move to unlock the front door for Howard . sylvia go along , Howard . angle outside door as Howard be push out the door by sylvia , a cop from a nearby car rush up to he and shove he to a curbside car where he bend Howard over the car , put he hand behind he for handcuffs and start to frisk he . howard be Pov - quick cut about 100 weapon range from machine gun to hand gun to sniper rifle be whipped up and point straight at he chest and head . the effect be as though he be about to be blow entirely away . angle on the barber shop Moretti rush out , scream to the cop with Howard . moretti do not fire ! the radio network scream radio voice do he say fire ? what fire ? do we fire or what ? who fire ? ( etc . ) various cop confusion reign . they do not know if the perpetrator or not , since they have not yet see sal or sonny . gun be up , aim , be push down ... cop run for better vantage point . angle on howard as Moretti reach he . he pull the cop away from he and start to give he hell for the rough treatment be give the guard . angle in door of bank with sylvia in doorway , stare wildly at the street scene . sonny be beside she cover she with he rifle . sylvia my God ! that 's Howard ! we vote to send he out ! various angle as the cop slowly realize they mistake . they stand back from Howard , who be virtually catatonic with fear and shock now . they get he up , a reluctant to believe they could have make such a mistake ... angle on tv cameraman near barber shop , across the street , jockey , try to focus in on he , elbow each other , they yell out : cameraman hey ! come out , get in the light . hey , out where we can get a shot , huh ? who 's the black guy ? ( etc. ad lib ) low angle - helicopter ( to and from ) swing in over street to try for a shot . Howard be be take in the direction of the barber shop . moretti to cop . moretti get he outta here ! door of bank sonny back in the shadow with sylvia , look at Moretti , appal . on moretti behind he a mob scene . Howard be be lead away , weep . photographer , cop , a phalanx of cop have they weapon levell on sonny like a fire squad . it be right on the edge of violence ... of blow up . sonny and sylvia be in the shelter of the doorway , Moretti stand on the sidewalk , look toward sonny inside the bank . moretti sonny - come out here a minute . at this point , he remove he jacket and drop it to the ground , show sonny that he be unarm . sonny you get this cop outta here . they be comin ' in too close . moretti come on . I want you to see something . sonny you want I to give up , huh ? look , sal 's in back with the girl . anything happen to I - one move - and sal give it to they . boom boom . how do I know you will not jump I ? moretti I do not forget about sal and the boom boom room . I want you to see this . sonny turn back to tell sal he 's go outside . Moretti stand well out in the street , to reassure sonny nobody be go to try to jump he . sonny stare around ; he nudge sylvia out ahead of he . as they edge into sight of the media across the street : newsmen and photographer out in the light . hey , Lady ! you be on tv , Lady ! smile , any ... god damn thing ... angle - showing crowd strain against police line : this be where we begin to sense the size of the event . people be eat popsicle and ice cream . they be divert and excited . sonny and sylvia begin to emerge : catcall and hoot of greeting ... closer - sonny and sylvia as he look around , and the impact of he situation really hit he : he 's not only totally surround , he 's a event . some of the crowd cheer he . a army of cop , and gun all levell on sonny . moretti let sal come out , take a look . what hope you get ? quit while you be ahead . all you get be attempt robbery . sonny ... armed robbery ... moretti well , armed , then . nobody 's be hurt . release the hostage , nobody be gonna worry over kidnap charge , the worst you be gonna get be five year -- you can be out in a year . sonny stare at he , he face utterly blank . sonny kiss I . Moretti stop , stare back . moretti what ? sonny ( deadpan ) when I be bein ' fuck , I like to be kiss a lot . ( burst out ) who the fuck be you tryin ' to con I into some deal ? you be a city cop , where 's the FBI ? this be a federal offense , I get kidnap , armed robbery , they be gonna bury I ! you know it , you can not talk for they , you be some flunky pig tryin ' to bullshit I . now God damn it , get somebody in charge here to talk to I ! moretti calm down , you be not ... sonny calm down ... look at this , look at he ...! gesture at the cop , the wall of rifle and machine gun levell on he . it be incredible and terrifying ... sonny ( continue ) they wanna kill I so bad they can taste it ! he take a defiant step into the street . the crowd scream as they get they first view , which be of sonny tell the cop off . they do not need to hear the word , they can see it . sonny ( scream ) attica ! attica ! go ahead ! blow off the front of the whole God damn bank ! he hold he hand wide offer himself as a target to the hulk officer . sonny ( to the tv ) if it be not for you guy they would kill everybody and say it be I and sal. ( to Moretti ) you tell them to put the gun down . I can not stand it . he mean it . Moretti gesture to the officer to back away , lower the gun . the crowd yell : sonny have beat the cop . he be momentarily they hero . it 's a break point . Moretti make a decision . moretti ( cop language command to put gun away ) all right - put the gun down ! he have to yell it twice before the cop slowly , angrily , stuff the gun into he holster . SOUND : the crowd scream . on sonny hearing the crowd applause . he turn and grin and wave to they . they scream more . he turn and wave to the media . they have be yelling . media hey , over here ! give we a wave ! it be at this point that newsman lean out a window of the second floor of the bank , quickly lowering a mike boom . sylvia see this above she head . on moretti unhappy , look around at sheldon , who shrug . he do what he have to do . on sonny suddenly realize what control he have , enjoy it . he turn mockingly he leave and he right profile to camera . int . tenement hallway a fat woman run heavily , stumbling , a delighted grin on she face , up the stair past camera , yell to someone unseen upstairs . fat woman vi! oh , Jesus . vi! turn on the tv , turn the tv on , you can see it 's he . int . vix apartment - day small , jamme with little thing of sentimental value and cheap furniture , clean , but well - wear . VI , a small woman in she fifty , with a perpetual smile , and the sweat fat woman trot in , just as vi 's husband , a dour man in he fifty , be exite . fat woman ... I swear to God it look just like he ! he hesitates in the doorway as the two woman rush to the tv which be already on , the station show live coverage of the bank robbery . on screen , sonny can be see order the cop around . Moretti look furious . on the tv set VI ( as the recognize sonny ) oh , my God in Heaven ! tv newsman ... the robber , whose identity be not know , come out of the bank , with a hostage , Mrs. sylvia Ball ... fat woman ( proud ) do I tell you ? he look good ! image of sylvia on tv VI what 's he doin ' this for ? he do not tell I he need money . he would of tell I . tv newsman ... Mrs. Ball , be everyone all right in the bank ? husband why rob a bank when you get a sucker for a mother ? sylvia oh , yeah , the one girl be cryin ' , but we be havin ' a ball , so far , if just nobody shoot ... VI why do not he tell I ? newsman what about the man inside the bank ? what be he do ? husband I just hope he give the wrong name . he reach for tv to turn it off . vi stop he . sylvia sal ? he never talk , only go : ' sonny , you want I to shoot that one , this one . ' husband be that all there be -- that little bastard down there in the bank ? tv newsman Mrs. Ball , do you think they might shoot , if they get desperate ? VI you get money for the subway ? sylvia hey , wait , he 's goin ' back in . ( she turn out of picture ) fat woman Subway ! it 's a special occasion -- take a cab , for God 's sake ! new image sonny return toward bank . ext . bank - day two shot - sonny and moretti as they shake hand . as sonny start into the bank first , he hold the door open , wait for sylvia . in the meantime , the 2nd-floor media man yell down to she . sylvia ( look up toward they ) I gotta go now . media ( 2nd floor ) hey , lady ... you be out now . stay out ! sonny , wait patiently , hold door open for she . sylvia they be my girl . they need I in there . and she walk through the door past sonny and into the bank . Moretti yell up at the media to get the hell away and at the same time , turn to a nearby cop and give order for the air conditioning to be turn off inside the bank . as the crowd realize what have happen , they applaud and scream . at the door : angle in bank door as sonny turn to grin and wave back at crowd . CUT to : int . bank - day as sonny and sylvia walk into bank and head for the group at the rear . mulvaney be seat at he desk , but the rest of the girl be stand around the vault area . sylvia head for the girl as sonny walk toward sal . sylvia hey , girl -- I be on television ... mulvaney ( to pass sonny ) what about Howard ? sonny make reassure gesture to let he know Howard be safe . sonny ( to mulvaney ) turn on the tv . mulvaney turn on the tv set . in the meantime , sylvia have reach the other girl . girl what happen ? and sylvia begin to recount the event out on the street , mainly about herself as a television celebrity . angle on tv set as we see the image of a tv newsman across the street . then , as he director cut , we will see on the tv set a angle on the bank as see from across the STREET . the tv cameraman zoom and the tv image zeroe in through the door to show a partially - screen but quite clear image of sonny , talk to sal . sonny ( to sal ) the whole media be out there ... it look a lot better for we than it do before ... on sal absorb this ... tv newsman' voice ( v.o. ) we can see the robber inside the bank , and we be try now to establish contact . the phone begins to ring . tv newsman' voice ( v.o. ) we be on the telephone to the bank manager , Patrick J. mulvaney ... mister mulvaney ... mulvaney answer the phone . mulvaney' voice ( v.o. ) yes , I can hear you . sonny serious , nodd to sal . tv newsman' voice ( v.o. ) can you put the robber on the phone ? will he talk to we ? mulvaney' voice ( v.o. ) you wanna talk to he ... sonny ... sonny turn , try to understand ... new angle sonny what ? mulvaney the tv ... they want to talk to you ... he hold out the phone . sonny walk over to he and take the receiver . on the tv screen , we can see he do this . sonny ( into phone ) yeah ? who 's this ? wabc tv newsman Sir , you be on the air . I wonder if you would answer a few question . sonny ( to sal ) hey , sal ... ( to phone ) sure . tv newsman why be you do this ? sonny do what ? tv newsman robbing a bank . sonny I do not know ... it 's where they get the money . I mean , if you want to steal , you go to where they get the money , right ? Jenny now edge over and sit on top of edna 's desk . tv newsman but I mean , why do you need to steal ? could not you get a job ? sonny get a job do what ? you gotta be a member of a union , no union card - no job . to join the union , you gotta get the job , but you do not get the job without the card . tv newsman what about , ah , non-union occupation ? sonny like what ? Bank teller ? what do they get pay - ( now look over at girl who offer the information - $ 135.37 ) they pay one hundred thirty - five dollar and thirty - seven cent to start . I get a wife and kid . I can not live on that -- you want to live on that ? what do you make a week ? tv newsman ( swiftly , evasive ) I be here to talk to you , sonny , not ... sonny wait a minute ... I be talkin ' to you . I be askin ' you a question ... tv newsman the audience be interested in you , sonny ... not I . sonny yeah ! we be hot entertainment , right ? you get I and sal on tv ... we be entertainment you sell , right ? tv newsman you be news , sonny ... sonny how much you have to pay a entertainer to fill this slot ? tv newsman newsman , not ... sonny okay , newsman . how much you make a week ? ( beat ) you be not talkin' . you payin ' I ? what have you get for I ? we be givin ' you entertainment ... what be you givin ' we ? tv newsman what do you want we to give you ? you want to be pay for ... sonny I do not want to be pay . I be here with sal and eight other people ... and we be dyin ' ! they be gonna blow we gut out , man ! you be gonna see we brain onna sidewalk ! how 's that for all you shut - in and housewive to look at ! you gonna help , or you just put it on instead of as the world turn ? we be dyin ' here ! what have you get for I ? tv newsman you could give up . sonny oh yeah ? give up ? you ever be in prison ? tv newsman of course not ... sonny then talk about something ' you fuckin ' know about ... at that instant , the tv screen switch to a please stand by card and we hear a announcer 's voice over : announcer ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , we transmission have be temporarily interrupt . please stand by . sonny hang up the phone , look at mulvaney , puzzle at the outcome of the conversation . sonny why the hell do he do that ? what the hell do I do ? mulvaney I guess he do not appreciate you use of language . they do not speak that way on television . it 's a rule . do you realize you have cut off a valuable source of communication ? sonny now move over to sal . sonny okay , sal ... what do we do ? sal ( no answer ) sonny I figure maybe we can get the FBI to make a deal ... sal what kind of a deal ? sonny maybe we can get outta this thing alive ... get them to drop the kidnap charge ... sal what do you mean ? you talkin ' about coppin a plea ? sonny ( start to speak , but sal interrupt ) sal ... because if you be talk about coppin ' a plea , I be tellin ' you right now , there 's no deal ... I be never go back to prison ... we get we own deal already ... do you remember the pact we make ? you and I and Jackie - that night in the bar ... we be talkin ' about if we get trap in the bank , what be you gonna do ... right ? what do we say ? what do we say ! sonny we would kill ourselves . sal do that still go ? phone ring . sonny we be not there yet . phone continue to ring . sonny now walk over to the ringing phone on edna 's desk . Jenny , sit on top of the desk , think the call be from she husband , start to reach for it but as she do , sonny grab it away from she . sonny you be on the phone ! 1st crank ( v.o. ) kill they all . now . it 's a heavy adhesive voice that can be hear clearly throughout the bank . sonny kill they all now ? you fuckin ' creep ! do not call here again ! sonny slam down the receiver , look around at the group . sonny you see what we be deal with ? they want I to kill all of you ! mulvaney what now , sonny ? sonny wait a minute ... I have be look at this all wrong ... let 's look at it the other way ... he cross over to sal . sonny look , we gotta get a jet outta here ... outta the country . we gotta get a helicopter . okay , sal ? we get a helicopter on the roof to take we to the jet and we fly to the sunny Caribbean . Algeria . we get to look at the bright side . we get them by the ball , we get the hostage , we can get anything we want . they gotta give it to we . edna exit lady room as sonny cross back to the phone , pick it up . sonny ( into phone ) get I Moretti . now sonny turn and speak to the group . sonny we be all gonna get outta here . you be all gonna be all right . I be gonna ask for a helicopter and a jet ... and we be gonna get outta here alive ... you have all be all right with I and as long as it stay that way , then thing be gonna be all right - as long as you cooperate ... ( into phone ) Moretti , I want to talk to you . I be comin ' out . sonny slam the phone down and walk over to sal , rifle still in he hand . sonny you realize , sal , that we be gonna get outta the country , so if you wanna talk to somebody , do it now ... you gotta mother or a Father ? Friends ? ( sal nod no ) if we gotta be outside the country , where do you wanna go ? any country . just name a country . sal Wyoming . sonny ( stop for a moment ) Wyoming ... that 's not out of the country -- that 's in the United States ... look , I will be back . sonny start to walk toward the door . as he do , sal call back to he . sal sonny ! gimme the gun . you do not need that . sonny realize what he 's say and cross back to sal and hand he the gun , then move toward the front door . ext . bank - day much as before . sonny step out . the gun start to come up . sonny put they down . the cop lower they weapon . Moretti come out on the sidewalk . he 's eat a ice cream bar , and stand seemingly at ease , a island of calm control in a storm of passion about to be let loose . the cop be always about to explode . moretti sonny , ya want somethin' ? sonny be about to open he mouth when a medium - size dark - haire man who have be stand among people behind the barrier put he head down and run at astonish speed right across the street towards sonny . he catch everybody so by surprise he be already on sonny before anyone can do more than start to yell at he to stop . sonny , himself , can not believe it ! he be slam to the ground and the man begin to punch he and beat he viciously . cop charge in and with great difficulty pull he off . yelling on the radio network ; tv Reporters and the crowd up and scream for blood ! close angle as Moretti step in . sonny get up , daze . the man go on kick and fight cop ... moretti who the hell be that ? angle showing door of bank mulvaney stand in the door ... moretti ( to Maria 's boy friend ) hey ! what the fuck you tryin ' to do ? you do not think the whole police department can do the job ? maria' boy friend I think he 's get Maria in there , and I see blood , man ! I wanta jam he up ... moretti Jesus , the Spanish ! you gotta do it yourself , right ? Eye for a eye ! go want get outa here , we will take care of she . ( turn to sonny ) you okay , sonny ? Boy , he hang a couple good one on you there ! mulvaney ( from door ; alarmed ) sal want to see sonny . he say he will shoot unless he can see sonny . he mean sal . sonny , daze and bleed , reel to the door and call in ... sal now stand alone behind 3rd pillar . sonny it 's okay , sal . he turn back to face Moretti , sylvia , mulvaney . sonny ( continue ; hurt , wonder ) he want to kill I ! moretti it 's okay , you get a lot of protection . close - sonny look around , bewilder , the crowd be yelling and now it sound unfriendly . he be really shake up ... he shake himself -- stop that line and start over in a business - like tone . sonny I want a helicopter to get outa here ! and a jet to take we to ... ( cagey ) ... wherever we want to go . outa the country , so no little jet . a big one with a bar and a piano lounge . moretti I do not know , sonny . I do not know if the helicopter can land in here . I will have to check it out . I get superior , unnerstan ? they do not always see eye to eye with I . I will do what I can . sonny look he in the eye . suddenly he make kissing motion and sound with he lip . we know what he 's refer to : he think Moretti 's try to fuck he over . moretti ( continue ) sonny , be reasonable ! sonny I want to see my wife . I want you to bring she down here . moretti okay , what do you give I ? sonny what do you want ? moretti the girl hostage . sonny nothin ' doin ' . I give you one hostage when you bring my wife , and one for the helicopter , one for the jet , and the rest can come home on the jet . moretti ( kiss ) I will see what they will do . sonny smile and pantomime kissing . moretti okay , you pick out who you be gonna give we . where 's you wife ? ext . rockaway beach - day there 's heidi . her body lie exactly as before , baking in the sun . the transistor radio play ... she seem to be asleep ... radio ... the leader of the pair , a Vietnam veteran , sonny abramowicz , have demand in return for release one of the hostage that police allow he wife to visit he at the bank . Police spokesman ... heidi sit bolt upright , stare at the radio , which continue to blather on . abruptly she begin to gather up she thing , she child , in a characteristically scatter - brain and hyperactive sort of way . heidi be a one woman panic : she hustle away across the broiling sand carry the radio wad up in towel , and lug a child , cry helplessly , by one elbow , as though it be a handle , a silhouette against the late afternoon sun , out of fellini ... meanwhile on the SOUND track we be hearing she voice . it be a breathless , harsh childish voice that pour out the word in a torrent : heidi ( v.o. ) the transistor go sonny what ? I could not believe my ear , so I shut the transistor , get outta here , who need this ? I say sonny do not do it . it 's not he to rob a bank . it 's not he to hurt anybody , to threaten anybody , to steal or do anything wrong . ' Cause he 's never do nothin ' wrong from the day I know he . she be stump off into the sunset as she say this word and we CUT to : ext . brooklyn STREET - day out of a subway crowd , she struggle , pull the two kid by the hand , a very ordinary woman in a most ordinary New York scene ... heidi ( v.o. ) ... only he tell I this and he tell I that , he 's with the mafia , I say , sonny , where do you get the money , you be on welfare , how can you rent a new eldorado , red , you do not like the color you rent a yellow . ext . heidi be apartment house - day a work class block , dirty , shop in the first floor , three story walk - up above ... heidi appear and run up the stoop . two cop get out of a squad car where they have be stake out and move up to she . they never really get in a word edgewise . they follow she into the hall ... now as we CUT closer to she , we will see heidi 's mouth in sync with the word ... heidi so night before last we be at coney Island , he 's on the ride with the kid , an' I have this habit of goin ' in glove compartment a ' all , a ' I see ... int . hall - day heidi struggle up the stair , drag the kid -- the cop follow ... heidi this gun with bullet in there , an' I go to myself , oh God , sonny ! that 's all I have to see , I do not say anything . she 's get she door unlock . below and on the stair behind the cop , curious neighbor peer in ... int . heidi be apartment - day Chaos out of cut-rate furniture store . full of unwash glass , kid ' clutter . throughout , the child rush around uncheck . neighbor enter without ceremony and listen . the cop stand , try vainly to communicate ... as they enter ... heidi ( continue ) and thing be add in my head , how crazy he 's be act , and in with a bad crowd , an' I look at he , he 's yellin ' at the kid like a madman . so inna car I say to he , sonny , what you gonna do with the gun ? you gonna shoot I and dump my body inna river or what ? I be so scared of he , I never be scared of sonny never . you know , he mother say the cop be always at we house , we be always fight . I hit he with the jack in the car once , but I only miss and hit myself , you should of see my leg . and all he would ever do be put on he coat and go out . so they say it 's sonny but I do not believe it . cop 1 Lady , you see he . you see he gun . heidi he might of do it , he body function might of do it , but not he himself . int . bank - late afternoon - approx . 5 pm the group be now situate like this : 1 ) mulvaney' desk - the tv be on ; seat in he chair , filing she nail be miriam . seat to she leave , have pull the chair a patron use , be maria , watch tv and listen to she transistor radio , against she leave ear , at the same time . mulvaney ( at back water cooler - will eventually move back to he desk , sit down to Miriam 's right . ) 2 ) edna - be now behind the teller ' cage , straighten up the mess ; she pick up the loose money that sonny have scattered through the air , put they into packet and tie they with rubber band . 3 ) sal - be seat in the rear Conference room , still hold he rifle , foot up on the table . 4 ) mulvaney &amp ; deborah - at the rear water cooler ( from which she will move to see what 's wrong with Margaret ) 5 ) margaret - seat at she desk , obviously ill , wiping she forehead , head bow . 6 ) sylvia and jenny - at far right table , do a crossword puzzle . 7 ) sonny - pace back and forth mulvaney 's desk , pose a legal puzzle for Maria . sonny , he gun now lie across the top of mulvaney 's desk , be pace back and forth between the desk area . he 's talk to Maria in particular , but anyone in earshot in general . sonny let 's say I put a gun to you head and I tell you to kill a cop ... and you do . who would go to the electric chair ... you or I ? maria you would ... you tell I to do it . sonny but you shot he . miriam ( join in ) but you tell she to . sonny yeah - but you do it . deborah cross to Margaret who be ill . deborah go to sylvia - who return with she she to Margaret . it should begin get dark in through here . it be very hot and sweaty in the bank . OPEN scene on : close mulvaney on phone he be sweat , worried . he be listen to a conversation we can hear ... as it go on shot widen to reveal the other in various posture of wait . sal more dishevel , sonny 's restlessness be unabate ; he pace about like a cage animal . the voice on the phone be breathy and youthful : sonny have be listen for a long time . jesus freak ( v.o. ) Jesus Christ be come back and he 's really piss . sonny ( gently ) yeah , well I do not blame he . jesus freak ( v.o. ) you know , sonny , I use to dope a lot , and I be into dip ? and I do a couple bank job , and the Lord Jesus in he everlast mercy save I , you know how ? sonny be desperate to get off the phone but do not dare risk the wrath of God by hang up on this guy . he might have the secret after all . sonny no. look , we be kind of .... jesus freak ( v.o. ) that 's why I can talk to you , as a equal , sonny . you get to merge you whole soul with God . and then you be him and one with the Holy ghost . sonny yeah , well ... maybe you better talk to one of this other , okay ? jesus freak ( v.o. ) sonny ? do not send I away ! I can help you save you soul ... sonny hang up . deborah move to Margaret , who be ill . she go to tell sylvia who immediately cross to Margaret . angle on margaret &amp ; sylvia sylvia the air conditioning be off or something . ( look at Margaret ) she 's sick . sonny run around , notice she - see that air conditioner be off . sonny where 's the air conditioning ? mulvaney I do not know , sonny ... on the roof somewhere I guess . sonny ( improv . about go out back to find the air conditioning mechanism ) sonny move toward sal in the Conference room . mulvaney follow discreetly behind he . sonny sal , I be gonna take a look at the air conditioning . sonny and mulvaney start to move out toward the back door area . sonny ( to mulvaney ) do you think we can turn it on ? mulvaney I do not know . at this point , sal call out to sonny , and get up to move to he . sal sonny - sonny yeah ... sal I never be up in a plane before . sonny it 's nothing - it just go up - it 's the safest thing in the world . safer than a car . do not worry about it , sal - it will be all right ... they be great ... and sonny and mulvaney exit toward rear of bank . int . bank - back door area - late afternoon ( approx . 5 pm ) sonny and mulvaney move toward the back door and stop under a trap door in the ceiling . mulvaney look up at it . mulvaney it 's gonna be up there . as sonny be stare up at the trap door , think about what to do , he hear a tiny scratch SOUND . sonny what 's that ? sonny , tensing like a animal , peer around wildly to locate the source of the little scratch SOUND : like mouse at a steel door . on sonny who quickly run back toward the desk area . on group - desk ' area sonny race back in , grab the gun from atop mulvaney 's desk , and with the cartridge in the other hand , run back toward the back door again , jam cartridge into rifle . at this point , sal run in from the Conference room , cover everyone point - blank again , yell for edna to join the rest of the group . sonny ( whisper ) they be try to come through the door ! sal ( to edna ) everybody ! back here ! edna quickly obey , move quickly to the rest of the group . on back door area as sonny race toward mulvaney and back door with gun . angle on mulvaney somebody or something be work on the other side of the door ! new angle on sonny as he move back from the door , turn and level the rifle on the back door ... mulvaney sonny , if you shoot , shoot high ... my car 's park out there . on sonny stare at the door . he hear the continue scratch noise and might even see the door knob move . abruptly he swing the rifle up so the bullet go through will clearly go over the head of any man , out through the transom . he fire . angle on inside - sal and group they all scream , some of they fall to the floor , huddle together in terror . sonny - and group sonny race back into main area where sal cover group . sal ( to group ) get over here ! get over here ! ext . bank - rear door - late day a knot of half a dozen police be work at the door . two be try to work tube under it to pump in gas , other be try a nylon line to the doorknob , the idea be that if sonny come out that way , the moment he begin to open the door the cop would yank it open , expose he completely and gun he down . the cop scream as the shot come through the door , shower they with brick fragment . they scramble over car , over each other , over fence , run into other cop , who also , not know what 's happen , turn and flee , run into the crowd , which panic . various angle on man , woman , child , cop , detective , dog , cat , reporter , all in the area of the rear of the bank flee in wave over fence , car , etc . a flood of people like lemming . this be intercut by : int . bank 1 ) margaret fainting . 2 ) sal herd group into vault area . 3 ) sonny dash back and forth into rear bank area . angle on barber shop Moretti , sheldon , other come charge out , wonder what the hell , pull gun out . back of bank the cop , safely distance and back in cover , peek out at : bank door it be okay . radio network ( v.o. ) what 's happen ? he shot through the door . be he come out ? can you see in ... ( etc. , etc . ) on moretti reach out he hand for a bullhorn that be thrust into it immediately . moretti ( on bullhorn ) sonny ! a few lout in the crowd yell out in imitation : lout sonny ! moretti sonny ! crowd ( echoing ) sonny ! Moretti shrug off he irritation and raise the bullhorn one more time : the crowd be ready and scream in unison as Moretti say : moretti &amp ; crowd sonny ! you could hear it for a half a mile ! sonny start to yell at Moretti . sonny ( inside bank ) what the hell you doin ' back there ? moretti sonny , come on out ! sonny walk over to sal , give he the rifle . sonny sal , watch them ... I be goin ' out . angle on bank as sonny come charge out . sonny what the fuck do you want ? moretti they be ... sonny you tryin ' to fuck I ? moretti no , I be not tryin ' to fuck you . sonny so , what be they doin ' ? you be tellin ' I you have nothin ' to do with that back there ? moretti I swear to God I have nothing to do with it ... sonny bullshit ... I do not walk to talk to you ... moretti wait a minute ... everything you ask for be on the way ... sonny yeah ... moretti be on its way ... the helicopter can not land but we get a bus ... the jet 's on its way to Kennedy ... we get a bus come here ... sonny you be full of shit ... moretti sonny , you wife 's on the way ... we reach she ... you wife 's on the way ... everything you ask for , you get . sonny well , what be you doin ' back there ? moretti it can not happen again ... I will do everything I can to stop anything I can ... sonny you know , you be tell I that a helicopter can not land here ... moretti can not land ... you would kill people ... sonny do not fuck with I ... moretti I be not ... I be not ... you be gettin ' a bus ... you be gettin ' a bus ... the jet 's comin ' into Kennedy ... and you wife 's on the way ... what else do you need ? what else can I get you ? listen , I do not know how you can do better ... see that man over there ... the FBI guy ... sonny just one more explosion like that and you be gonna see a dead body ... moretti there will not be ... there will not be ... what else do you need ? how else can we help you ? sonny all right ... I get some hungry people in there ... I want to get some pizza ... some stuff like that ... moretti what else ? sonny coke , seven-ups ... ( Moretti repeat ) also some aspirin ... moretti aspirin ... okay you get it . ( turn behind he to a near - by cop ) Charlie ! six pizza ! sonny okay ... sonny turn and walk back into the bank . int . bank - day angle on sal with the group as sonny enter and walk toward sal . sonny okay ... okay ... all right , sal , it 's okay . I get everything straighten out ... it 's gonna be okay . sal get over there ! sonny look , I talk to he and it 's not go to be a helicopter - they can not land on top of the roof - so they be comin ' with a big ... limousine bus and they will take we to the airport - and they be gonna get a jet ... so thing be rollin ' ... they be movin ' ... I also order some food ... I get some pizza for we , all right ? I get some thing to drink - I get soda ... I even ask they for aspirin ... I be doin ' what I can ... now I gotta pay for the pizza ... where be the mark bill ? he now walk behind teller ' cage and pick up some of the decoy money that edna have start to clean up and re-stack . mulvaney walk over to he . mulvaney be we go to get the ball roll ? sonny what be you talk about ? what do you think I be doin ' ? I be gettin ' the ball rollin' . I be keep this people happy ... I be keep you happy ... I gotta keep the cop cool out ... I gotta do everything ... I gotta pay for the pizza .. I be workin ' on it , do you know what I mean ? I be workin ' on it ... Jesus Christ ! I gotta do it all ... I get all the idea ... you want I to give you the gun ? you want to take it over ? sonny walk to the front door with the money . ext . bank door - day as sonny appear in it . new angle to reveal the delivery boy guard by a couple of cop . delivery boy you the guy want the pizza ? sonny grab bill from the wad he hold and thrust they at he . delivery boy it 's pay for . ( look at Moretti ; Moretti nod ) sonny keep the change ... as the cop reach for the money , know it 's bank money , people in the crowd yell : crowd ad lib hey , over here ! hey , robber ! how about a thousand ! throw some over here ! hey , no shit , I need a operation , I do not even have a job ... ( etc . ) sonny hold up the money . the crowd cheer . he throw the wad of bill and it scatter in the air . the wind be blow now . even some cop join the ensue melee to gather it up ... various angle as cop move forward and try to catch the bill . some blow into the crowd . fights break out in the crowd as they scramble for the money . the crowd break the barrier and swarm after the cash . cop try to retrieve bill ; fist fight , arrest . moretti stare at the mess . sonny also watch the people . there be in both of they the same reaction of faint disgust at the greed unleash . sonny angrily hurl another bundle after the first ... then laugh as he watch the people fight . Moretti nod ironically at he . sonny turn and enter the bank with the food . the fight go on in the street . int . bank - day as sonny enter carry food . sonny okay - Chow ! he put it down in front of mulvaney , on mulvaney 's desk . mulvaney look at it , sickly . as mulvaney look up at sonny : sonny you eat it first . I do not know if they put something in it . ext . sidewalk near bank - day Moretti , sheldon , other top cop march fast - time toward the barrier where uniform cop stand around a limousine that have draw up to the barrier . it be full of white - haire official , one of they the commissioner . he have a voice break by whiskey , cigar , good food and yell at football game . dolly at a low dramatic angle with moretti and etc . it look like they may be go into action . Moretti 's attitude be not that subtly different now he 's talk to brass . commissioner do not get out ; he talk through window . the commissioner 's hand , pudgy and freckle with age , cover Moretti 's where it rest on the door : he massage Moretti 's hand fondly . commissioner gene -- you smilin ' ? moretti no . I never smile any more . commissioner whattaya think : we gonna kill any civilian tonight , gene ? moretti I never make bet or guess , that way I be never wrong and I never have to pay out . commissioner gene , Jesus , what a bull he be ! a lot of comfortable chuckle inside the limo . the commissioner 's hand linger on Moretti 's -- they be fond of each other , this man , link in a relationship of a lifetime of share experience , of attitude , of maleness -- a accumulation of year of joke about be late for dinner , of woman wait and woman panting with desire , man secure in the bastion of they role . what be be pass on here be a purely emotional force of approval and acceptance from top to bottom of a social institution that be the last totally masculine society : police . the homosexual content of this should not be lose : it lie in the comfortable fit of they feeling , in the fact , simply , that they love each other , for what they share . moretti so whatsa deal ? commissioner they jet 's comin ' out . but do not let them off the ground . moretti what if we gotta kill a whole lot of people ? commissioner do not let them off the ground . moretti listen . he lean down to get close to he commissioner , because he 's not fool by the camaraderie into a false sense of security . tighter two shot - moretti and commissioner commissioner ( anticipate ) if you be right I be gonna back you a hundred percent , you know that . moretti ( pleasantly ) fuck you , sir - if I be right , I do not need you . what I want be - if I make a honest mistake I want help . the commissioner nod - press a button and the window go up to keep the air conditioning in and the heat out . int . bank - late afternoon - approx . 5 pm - MAIN bank area as we hear Jenny on the phone with she husband . sonny be do the manual of arm with he rifle . jenny ... well , just pick he up and hold he . no , he 's not spoiled , he 's just get to settle he stomach after eat . he 's use to I feed I , that 's all . at one point , sonny start to show Miriam how to hold the gun and in mock seriousness , she try to do the manual of arm . we drift toward the back conference room where sal be seat at the Conference table , rifle on the table . edna and sylvia be also seat there . Maria enter . sylvia somebody give I a cigarette . Maria walk over to she , offer she one , then remember : maria sylvia , you do not smoke . sylvia I never smoke before in my life but I get a right to start now if I want to . sal you do not smoke ... why do you want to start now . sylvia because I be scared , that 's why . you never smoke ? sal I use to , but I stop . sylvia you stop ? why ? sal because I do not want cancer . sylvia you do not want cancer ? you be about to get you head blow off , you be worried about cancer . ( to Maria ) gimme the cigarette . Maria start to hand one to she . sal no ! I be not kid . do not you understand ? you be pure ! sylvia pure ? sal you should not start now . sylvia for God 's sake ! as soon as I be outta this bank robbery , I be gonna stop ... okay ? sal go ahead . do what you want to do . I hate to see you break a perfect record . you oughta take care of you body . sylvia my body ? what for ? sal you body be the temple of the Lord . sylvia ( stare at he ) you be serious ! sal you be really pure , you know ? you get a perfect record . you never use that stuff to ruin you body , why start now ? sylvia you know , you remind I of my 19 - year - old brother - only he 's get he hair down to he knee - he look like something that eat berry and root out of the ground . God forbid I should say something to he like , ' listen , if you ever smoke marijuana , just remember that it 's illegal ' and he storm outta the house . you rob a bank , but you keep you body pure , be that it ? sal you gonna smoke the cigarette ? sylvia yes ... sal get up and start to leave the room ... sylvia ( call to he ) sal ... if I die of cancer it 's go to be half you fault . sylvia grab the cigarette from Maria . sal ( exite ) no - it 's because you be weak . sonny continue with " manual of arm " business with rifle . mulvaney be on the phone . mulvaney ( overlap Janet into phone ) mulvaney ... ( listen ) janet ( into phone ) I do not know . mulvaney ( to sonny ) it 's for you . Moretti . sonny take the phone ... sonny yeah ? moretti we be bring in you wife ... on sonny he come alert , look around at sal , nod , and start for the door of the bank , turn to sal . sonny ( give he gun ) they have get my wife . they be bring she in . he exit bank . sal walk toward the door , stop behind the first post . ext . front of apartment house - day the fire escape with the old lady and she jigsaw puzzle , the flak vested sniper , etc . below in the street a police car plow through the crowd with red light flash but no siren -- or perhaps just a low growl to help move the human sea aside . people be lean over try to see inside . barber shop Moretti and sheldon and staff move out into the street . the cop car be move through police line , cop lift barricade aside to let it pass . moving shot with Moretti and other as they move to intercept the police car where it will stop on the corner . as they stop , we can see sonny step into the door of the bank , in the distance . he be greet with cheer from the crowd . but be intent on the car . we be now shoot across the car , over moretti's back toward the bank and sonny . the driver of the police car get out , with a huge grin on he face and nod to Moretti . the back door open and another cop get out , also grin . they look around toward sonny , as he wife get out of the police car , on this side . she be spectacularly good look in a lithe cruel sort of way , like lauren bacall , but right now she be a mess . CUT to : ext . bank as sonny see Leon get out of the car . sonny Leon ! Leon ! over here ! happy birthday , Leon ! on leon who do not hear sonny call , the detective and Moretti start to take he to the barbershop . moretti ( to cop driver ) what 's that ? cop driver we go to the hospital , where he tell we - and ask for he wife . he ... ( indicate Leon ) ... say they get marry in a church . moretti Jesus ! they continue along the sidewalk . Leon , come to , start to look around he . he see sonny . on sonny as he yell again to Leon . sonny Leon ! happy birthday ! on leon who faint . full shot the crowd yell in increase wave of SOUND ; Moretti and cop pick up Leon and rush he toward the barbershop . angle on sonny who dash toward the bank door , enter . int . bank - day as sonny come run in . sylvia be now show off she new- find expertise with a cigarette to Miriam , Jenny and deborah , seat around edna 's desk . ( deborah be talk on the phone . ) meanwhile , edna be back in the Conference room with mulvaney ; Margaret be seat at she desk , speak on the phone ; Maria , speak on phone , be seat at mulvaney 's desk - where television be still on . sonny , want to use a phone , realize that all be in use , rush to a desk at the front of the bank . sal follow he there . sonny grab a phone . sonny ( into phone ) get I Moretti ! int . barbershop where Moretti and cop be try to revive Leon . a cop at the phone turn to Moretti . cop on phone Moretti - he want to talk to you . Moretti walk over to phone , take receiver from cop . int . bank sonny wait for Moretti to answer phone . sonny be he all right ? be he all right ? moretti ( v.o. ) he 's all doped up . sonny I want to talk to he . moretti ( v.o. ) he 's groggy , sonny . let I get he on he foot and he will call you back . ( hang up ) int . barbershop as Moretti hang up phone and walk over to Leon , who now have a glass of water and a cold towel . moretti Leon ? whatsa matter ? they give you a shot down the hospital or what ? leon oh , God , they shot I with like unreal ! moretti well , you get to get hold of yourself . you get to talk to he , tell he to give himself up . leon oh no ! moretti he 's get eight people in there with he . he 's get this kid with he ... they be gonna shoot the people . leon I can not help it . I can not stop he from anything . moretti if he will not listen to you , who will he listen to ? leon he will not listen to anybody . he 's be very crazy all summer . since June he 's be try to kill I . moretti you try call the police ? leon what good be that ? they could not stop he . and it would just make he mad . they do not know he . moretti somebody 's get to stop he , Leon . leon he be under great strain : you do not understand , he 's a very mix up person . moretti he 's makin ' threat in there . leon he 's scared . it 's crazy . I never meet anyone like he . his wife , he 's a wonderful father to he child . his mother - you should see she - he mother and father together be like a bad car wreck - he let it all slide off he back , he see they , he pay they rent . unbelievable . I want to get marry ... he do not really want it ... he 's marry already ! but he do it . I do not know why . I think it would help I , but it do not . I be just as confuse and unhappy be before ; I do terrible thing . moretti what kind of thing , Leon ? leon ten day I spend in Atlantic City - sonny be frantic - he know I be drink ; he do not know where I be ... who I be with . I could not explain why I do the thing I do . so I go to this psychiatrist who explain to I I be a woman in a man 's body . so sonny right away want to get I money for a sex change operation : but where be he to get that ? 2500 dollar ! my God , he 's in hock up to he ear already . moretti he need money ? for the operation for you ? leon it make he crazy - so much demand , he would fly into this rage . and I get more depressed than ever ; I see I would never get the operation . so I try to take my life - I swallow about a half pound of pill ... blue , red , yellow , downer , upper , screamer ... you name it . but I just throw they up and wound up in the hospital . sonny come there and look at I and just say : ' wow ! ' so when I hear he 's in the bank , I almost go crazy because I know he 's doin ' it for I . moretti well , do not you figure you owe to he to get he out of there ? leon I can not talk to he . moretti you be in it up to you ass , Leon . you be a accessory . you talk he out of there and they might be a little more understanding of you case . leon I be afraid . moretti how be he gonna hurt you on the telephone ? leon I do not know what to say to he . I can not . moretti you think it over , Leon . Moretti walk over to the wall phone , pick up the receiver , and wait to be connect with the bank and sonny . on leon terrify . he really can not do it . on moretti wait . omitted int . bank - turning dark now as the phone ring . sonny pick it up , hear Moretti 's voice . moretti ( v.o. ) he will not talk to you . let I work on it . sonny hang up . he and sal walk toward the group at the rear , around the desk . angle on television screen as we see tv newsman speak . tv newsman ... police be question Leon , a year - old admit homosexual , who claim to have be marry to one of the bank robber in a ceremony last November ... [ etc .]... during the speech , sylvia and she group wander toward mulvaney 's desk to listen , as edna wander down from the Conference room , cross to the set and turn up the volume . on sonny pace back and forth . they all stare at he . slowly the group shift to other position , without a word be say . angle on tv screen tv newsman we coverage of the Brooklyn robbery where two homosexual be hold hostage for they demand of a helicopter , a jet , and safe passage out of the country ... angle on sonny and sal sal sonny , you hear that ? sonny what ? sal they keep sayin ' two homosexual . I be not a homosexual . I want you to stop they say that . sonny that 's all they be interested in - it 's a freak show to they . I can not control it , sal - let them say what they want . forget it . it do not matter . SOUND of jet sonny where 's the god-damn jet ? they be always fly overhead - go somewhere . omitted ext . kennedy airport - night FBI sniper area at position , wait . a small group of man make a last check . a signal be give . they get in they car and drive away . a FBI sniper light a cigarette and settles down to wait , move he rifle to a comfortable position . ext . apartment house FIRE escape - night the old lady doze over she puzzle . the police agent be be relieved . Light flood the front of the bank . int . bank - night ( approx . 8 p.m. ) sonny pace back and forth ( with ad-lib dialogue to group ) . Margaret , seat at she desk , have foot up on another chair while Jenny sit on top of she desk . mulvaney be back at water cooler , start to feel very ill . Miriam and deborah be seat at mulvaney 's desk . edna be seat at she desk , while sylvia sit on top of desk , talk on phone . suddenly , the light go out , leave only emergency light on ( 4 in the main area and 2 at back door area ) . sylvia immediately move over toward the vault area and turn on 2 hand lamp . sal that 's it , sonny . both rush toward the front of the bank . they see that even the flood light be now out , but across the street can still be see light in the store window . sonny rush to a near - by phone to try to reach Moretti , but even the phone be dead . they hear Moretti 's voice over a bull - horn outside : moretti ( v.o. ) sonny ... sonny ... come out a minute ... come out a minute ... sonny move toward the front door . int . barbershop - dusk / night Moretti and sheldon be in the barbershop . sheldon we be all set at Kennedy . moretti what make you think you will be able to control it ? sheldon he 's totally unstable . he will make a mistake . moretti he have not so far . I be the one who can make a mistake . that 's what scare the shit out of I . sheldon Eugene , at 3:07 , this become Federal . why do not I take it over now ? CUT to : ext . bank - night as the door open and sonny peek out , the once-illuminating floodlight now out . sonny Moretti ? what the fuck be goin ' on ? there 's no answer . sonny step out into the street . he can not see anything anymore . the atmosphere be suddenly chillingly dangerous : the crowd shot " come out of the dark " and " we can not see from here " . the street seem empty except for a few threaten silhouettes of heavily - armed cop . sonny respond with bluster . sonny get the light back on ! he step out farther into the street . from behind he , sheldon , the FBI man , approach . he be alone . unsmile . sonny dash back into the bank . int . bank - night as sonny rush in , warn sal about the FBI confrontation he 's about to have . sonny sal - it 's the FBI ... I be goin ' back out to talk to he . at this , he walk back toward the door and exit the bank again . ext . bank - night sheldon be walk toward sonny as the latter exit the bank . sonny what be this ? the FBI ? Jesus , now we be talkin' , maybe we can get this thing move . as sheldon reach he . sonny first off , get the light back on and the air conditioning . sheldon ( show id ) no more favor . that 's all over , sonny . sonny ( sarcastically ) aw , Jesus ... you be doin ' we favor all night ! sheldon I have get a jet . I will have airport limousine here in a half hour . I want the hostage . sonny bullshit ! sheldon I would like to work with you on this , not against you . sonny come around , look for Moretti : can not see he . sonny well , Jesus , this hostage be keep I alive . sheldon okay , when do I get they ? sonny at the airport . we get on the plane , check it out , and if it 's all okay we will send they out . except one . sheldon I want they all . sonny I want to talk to Leon . pause , while sheldon think this over . sheldon I want to come in , and see if everybody 's okay . sonny you get gut . you think if sal and I have cut they throat we be gonna let you out ? sheldon I have to see . sonny re-enter bank . int . bank - night sonny go over to sal . sonny it 's the FBI . he want to come in . sal have he walk in backwards . sonny exit bank . ext . bank - night sonny cross to sheldon , grin , grab he and execute a very professional - look pat-down search . he remove sheldon 's .38 from a shoulder holster , produce it for the crowd with a flourish like a magician : some of the old playfulness return for a moment . he carefully and with showbiz flourish search sheldon 's thigh and groin . the crowd howl . sheldon bear it with stoic calm . close two shot as sonny stand up from the search and find sheldon 's eye lock to he with flat calm . sonny Jesus , you would like to kill I , too . sheldon I would not like to , but I will , if I have to . sonny nothin ' personal , huh ? the man that kill I , I want he to do it because he hate my gut . not because it 's a job . okay , let 's go ... but you gotta walk in backwards . the move toward the door of the bank , where sonny open the door , precede sheldon , both man enter backwards . int . bank - night except for the 4 emergency light , it be very dark - and very hot as sonny and sheldon enter the bank . sal now stand behind the desk , cover sheldon and the group assemble at the vault . sheldon take in every detail as he walk toward the group in the rear , follow closely and cover by sonny . as they near the desk , sonny yell out a order for the group : sonny nobody give they right name ... it 's the FBI ! sheldon I just want to see all you young lady be all all right in here . two shot - sylvia and sal she 's piss . sylvia listen , we ask for the jet hour ago , what be you doin ' out there ? sheldon be watch sal , try to gauge he . this be the first time anyone from outside have see sal . sheldon ( he eye on sal ) it 's all be set up , we will have you out of here in a couple of hour . sylvia ( to sheldon ) just give they what they want . sheldon now walk closer to group , look into the two small examine room as he move . sonny cover he every inch of the way . sheldon they be get what they want . we just want to be sure we get what we want , which be to get all you lady out safe . and you two boy , too . sheldon be now stand very close to sal . sal ( to sheldon ) you get to talk to the tv , tell they to stop talk about the two homosexual . I be not gay ... that 's the truth . tell them that . sheldon I will . ( he turn to sonny ) sonny ? outside for a minute ? sonny sal ? sal they gotta stop sayin ' that . ext . bank - night as they ( sheldon and sonny ) exit and stand in the doorway out of earshot of the other . sheldon be matter - of - fact , but insinuate and conspiratorial . sheldon sonny , you handle yourself real well . a lot of man would have choke , and we would have a lot of chaos and panic and maybe a death or a multiple death on we hand , but you handle it . I respect that . do not you try to take sal . we will handle he . you just sit tight and you will not get hurt . he start to go . sonny grab he . sonny wait a minute ! what the fuck you tryin ' to tell I ? sheldon ( quiet ) what I say . you just sit quiet and we will handle sal . and he turn and start to walk away , leave sonny stare after he . int . barber shop - night as sheldon step into the door . the place be jamme , Moretti stand inside the door where sonny could not have possibly see he . sheldon quietly turn and stand beside he , both man look back across the street . moretti the little bastard miss I ? sheldon smile the supercilious ehrlichman smile of he . int . bank - night as sonny re-enter . he 's restless , hyperactive , constantly move during this scene ; a man with a potentially guilty conscience . sal move toward he and both man walk to area in front of the teller ' cage . sal what would he say ? sonny he be talkin ' about arrangement ... we be talkin ' about the tv . sal why could not he talk about that here ? sonny he be showin ' I how the airport bus be comin ' in , like that , sal. ( notice mulvaney start to faint ) what 's wrong with he ? in the rear , mulvaney slump into a chair beside Margaret 's desk . sylvia rush to help he , untying he tie , etc . Maria run into the Conference room , hope to find remain of sugar as deborah cross to he desk , look through the drawer for medication . Jenny simply can not cope with it and walk away . sonny hey , you okay ? sylvia he 's get diabete . he 's not a well person . sonny that bastard -- they poison the pizza ! sal - you do not eat any pizza !? mulvaney I do not eat any pizza . sylvia I tell you , he 's get diabete . sonny you be suppose to balance you sugar diet , right ? sonny start to move toward the front door . ext . bank - night sonny rush outside . sonny hey ! be there a doctor over there ? get he over here ! come on , on the double ! sheldon and a young doctor appear , concerned ... sheldon what 's wrong ? sonny the manager , he 's diabetic , he 's lookin ' bad . sheldon turn , call out . sheldon Doctor ... a man come forward - be frisk by sonny , who then dump content of he Black bag and look for weapon . sonny then dash inside bank . int . bank - night as sonny come in , walk over to sal . sonny sal - the Doctor 's come in . sonny then rush back outside bank again . ext . bank - night sonny cross to Doctor . sonny ( to Doctor ) you go on in ... the Doctor hustle past . hold on sheldon . sheldon ( pick up the phone ) I have convinced Leon to talk to you . he 's on the phone now . sonny rush back into Bank . int . bank sonny rush in . the phone ring . he pick it up . sonny hello . hello , Leon . leon hello , sonny . sonny how be you do ? leon well ... I be out of the hospital . sonny ( pleased ) yeah . you say ... I think you be never get out ? leon I never think I would get out this way . I will tell you . sonny well ... huh ... leon ooohh ... sonny oh ... huh ... how you feel ? leon I be really shakey . sonny well , you know ... Moretti tell I before that you be drugge up . leon yeah . it be terrible . sonny that ... huh ... they just shoot you with drug . leon you come in and they say , right away , that you be crazy . and they start put thing in you arm ... you know . how do they expect you to get uncrazy if you be asleep all the time ? sonny yeah ... leon you can not talk or do anything . you really feel ... you know ... I be just sort of come out of it now . sonny ( pensive ) so ... that sure be something . leon yeah . so how be you ? sonny ( chuckle ) Fine , thank you . I be in trouble . that be ... now I be ! leon ( chuckle ) yeah ... I know . sonny I do not know what I be gonna do ... you know . Boy ... I be die . leon what ? what be you talk about ? you be die ? do you ever listen to yourself when you say that ? sonny what be you talk about ? leon what do you mean ... what be I talk about ? do you realize that you say that to I every day of you life ? I be die . do you know ... do you realize the death that you be spread around to the people who be around you ? sonny now do not give I that deep shit now . do not start with that shit . leon no really ... I do not think that you realize what it mean . the thing that you do , sonny . you put a gun to somebody 's head ... sonny I do not know what I be do . leon ( annoyed ) yeah ... obviously you do not ... when you put a gun to somebody 's head ... and you say go to sleep so that it will not hurt when I pull the trigger . death ? do not talk about death to I . I have be live with death for the last six month . why do you think I be in the hospital ? I take a handful of pill to get away from you . and then here I be out of the hospital talk to you on the phone ... again . I have no friend leave . no job . I can not live . I have to live with people . this death business ... I be sorry ! sonny I be not on the phone to talk to you about that . well , I do not know what to say , Leon . when you gimme that ... when you hit I with that shit . I mean , what be I suppose to say ? leon ( indifferent to sonny ) I be sorry ... sonny I tell you . that I get a lot of pressure . you say to I that you need money , and I know that you need money ! I see you there lie in the hospital like that ... and I say ... shit , man , I get to get this guy some money . leon ( excited ) but I do not ask you to go rob a bank . sonny ( get louder ) all right . I know you do not ask I . you do not ask I but I do it . leon well ... sonny I do it on my own . I do this all on my own . I be not lay it on anybody . nothing on anybody . I will tell you something , though , it 's about time that I square away my account ... you know . I be squaring away my account with life . maybe this whole thing be gonna end , somehow . maybe it will just end ! maybe I will just close my eye and the whole fucken thing will be over . that would be all right too ! I say ... I think I would square it away with you ... you know ? that I would get you down here and that I would say so long to you ... or , if you want ... you know , to take a trip ... leon what trip ? sonny I be get out of here , man . I be not go to stay here and I be not give up . I mean , huh , they be go to kill I , anyway . so fuck it ! but , if I can get out of this ... I be go to get out . and , how I be go to do it be to get a jet out of here and I be fly the fuck out ... that 's all , Leon . if you want to come with I , then you be entitle ... you can come . you be free to do what you want . leon I be free to do what I want ? and you think I would want to go with you some place on a plane ? where ? where ya go ? sonny I gotta jet come here and we be gonna try to get the fuck outta this thing . and we be gonna go , man ! leon you be crazy . sonny that 's it . leon you be really crazy . sonny I know ! leon where you gonna go ? sonny who the fuck know ? I think we be gonna go ... we work it out to Algeria . so , I do not know . so I will go to Algeria . leon why you go to Algeria ? sonny huh ... I do not know . they get Howard Johnson 's there . I do not know why the fuck I be go there for . leon Howard johnson' ... you be warpe . you know that ? you be really warpe ! sonny I know that . I be warpe ... I be warpe ! leon ( stutter ) God , Algeria ! do you know there 's a bunch of ... they walk around there ... God ! people walk around with mask and thing on they head . they be a bunch of crazy people there . sonny what be I suppose to do ? leon ( bitchy ) I do not know ... you could have pick a better place . sonny Denmark ? Sweden ? leon ( pleased ) I like that ... yeah ! sonny sal want to go to Wyoming . I tell he it be not a country . we gotta get outta the country ! to hell with a guy who do not know where Wyoming be . okay . can you imagine what kind of a shape I be in ? laughter from both sonny and Leon . leon so ! sal be with you ? sonny sal ? yeah ... sal be with I . leon oh ... wow ! sonny , you be really into one mess now . sonny I know I be . I know ! leon ( make fun of sonny ) sal ... sal ... naturale , oh boy ! sonny he be not go out . and if I go out he 's just gonna kill the people . there 's a lot of life that I be responsible for ... that 's all . so , I can not do anything . I get myself into this mess and I will get myself out of it ... the best way I know how ! one of the way be not give up . I be tell ya ! leon would you do something for I ? please ? sonny what ? leon this guy that get I down here , you know , huh ... they think that I be part of this whole thing . they think I be part of the plot to rob the bank ! sonny how do they think that ? what be they ... crazy ? what do you mean . that 's bullshit , Leon . they be give you a fucken story . leon well ... they tell I that I be a accomplice ... sonny oh ... they be fucken crazy . that 's a snow job . do not listen to that shit ! leon I gotta listen to it if they think ... sonny shit ... leon I can not survive in prison , sonny ... sonny all right . then what do you want I to say ? leon sonny , would you please just tell they ... please ... sonny where be they now ? just tell I ... be they on the phone now ? leon ( meekly ) yeah . sonny ( annoyed ) that 's great . just terrific . you talk to I with they on the phone , right ? that be really smart . and , you do not tell I ? leon I do not have a choice . sonny you do not have a choice ? leon no ! they be stand all around I . Seven thousand fucken cop ... all around I . sonny look ... who 's on the phone ? leon look ... do not throw that on I . sonny who 's on the phone , now ? what do you mean ... throw it on you ? you know it , right ? leon yeah ... I know it . but , what choice do I have ? I be in the hospital ; they drag I out of the hospital ... bring I down here ... sonny all right , enough ! who the fuck be on the phone ... anyway ? be that you Moretti ? ( angrily into phone ) you on the phone ? will somebody talk to I ? leon they will not talk to you . sonny be they on the phone still ? leon yeah ... yeah ! sonny ( still angry ) all right ! he do not do it . all right ? now ... would you get the fuck off the phone ? I will bet that really change they , huh ? ( calmly to Leon ) anyway , Leon ... do I do it for you ? leon yeah ... huh , thank you . I be go to go back , sonny , to the hospital . they be really nice people . they be really try to help I . sonny that 's good then . you have find something . leon well ... I do not know if I have or not . sonny do you still want the operation ? leon ( moody ) yeah ... yeah . sonny well , then ... leon it 's my only chance ! sonny I do not know what to say to ya ! I guess I just want to say I will see ya ... or whatever . leon thank you much ... and huh , bon voyage . sonny right . see you sometime . leon yeah ... see ya in my dream , huh ? sonny yeah ... I will write a song . ha , ha . I do not know . life be funny ! leon you say a mouthful ... sweetheart ! int . bank sonny hang up , walk back toward rear of bank and pick up receiver again on edna 's desk . sonny ( into phone ) you cut off income , gimme a line . I want to talk to my wife , I want to say goodbye to my kid . ( line be connect , he begin to dial ; anguish ; to the group ) here I be , I could call , and they would put anybody on the phone , the Pope , a astronaut , the wisest of the wise and who do I have to call ? ( to phone ; as she answer ) heidi ? heidi be apartment - night the tv be on , the kid up and racing around , neighbor pour beer -- a event ! heidi ( on phone ; excited ) hey , sonny ! I be watchin ' it on tv ! on sonny sonny what about the kid ? on heidi heidi they do not know , I send they to the neighbor . sonny , Jesus , it 's not like you . I can not believe , because you never hurt anybody since the day I know you . on sonny sonny heidi , I be die . on heidi heidi ( oblivious ) I blame myself , sonny . I notice you be tense , like something be happen ; the night before last you be yellin ' at the kid like a madman , believe I . and then you want I to go on this ride with the kid , this caterpillar about from here to there - fulla one - year - old kid . it 's ridiculous . I be not about to go on this ride , so you yell right there , ' you pig , get on the fuckin ' ride ! ' well , everything fall outta - I - my heart , my liver fall to the floor - you name it ! yellin ' at I in front of all that people . because you never talk and I never be scared of you , never . I think : he 's gonna shoot I and dump my body in the river . on sonny sonny heidi , for Christ sake , shut up ! will you shut you fuck mouth and listen ?! on heidi heidi ( afraid ) see ? you be scream with the language and all ! a person can not communicate with you . you become a stranger in you own home ... on sonny he sit , dispiritedly listen to this rap : see she in a clear and unambiguous light as before he see Leon : what a waste to live in the company of people like this ! on heidi heidi ... because you hurt I , God how you hurt I . can you imagine , marrying another man ? do I do something to make you do that ? do I ever turn you down , or anything ? the only thing I could not do , you be gonna laugh , be go on top - I get this fear of high place ! ( giggle ) and I let myself get fat . on sonny sonny do not call yourself fat . on heidi heidi I know you can not stand I to say I be fat . like I can not stand you be a bank robber . I guess that 's what love be -- huh , sonny ? on sonny sonny ( weakly ) heidi - why do not you come down here ? on heidi heidi Jesus - what - I be afraid - I be gonna get shot or whatever . you oughta see it on tv , the gun , the cop , they get cannon , machine gun , they be load with gear . on sonny sonny they be not after you , they be after I . on heidi heidi listen , it 's late already when I realize it 's not just a couple of ordinary faggot , it 's just you and sal . I could not get a baby sitter . heidi go on and on , but sonny just drop the phone on the hook . as he walk toward the rear of the bank , sylvia , seat atop Margaret 's desk , get off and follow sonny toward the Conference room . at the same time , edna be lift Margaret 's foot up onto a chair and Jenny and deborah start to walk toward the Conference room , too . Maria pace back and forth , transistor to she ear . sonny walk into the Conference room . the doctor be through examine mulvaney . Miriam be seat across the table from he . doctor listen - I think I better take he back for a cardiac check ... mulvaney wave , protest . he 's have a shot ; he 's rapidly recover . sonny sonny anything ... what 's wrong ? be he gonna die ? doctor no , I just think ... mulvaney I be okay ... I be okay ... sonny you know more than the Doctor ? you be not okay , look at you . come on ... ( to Doctor ) ... let 's get he out ... mulvaney I be not go . I be okay . as sonny grab he to try to help he up , mulvaney wrench away . a little physical here . sonny hey ! I be tryin ' to help you . mulvaney I stay here . damn it . I just need the insulin . I be use to it . go on . go on . sonny ( to Doctor ) you tell I . be he endangering he health , because if you tell I he be , I will get he out . mulvaney I will be God damned if you will . sonny oh , Jesus ! you want to be a martyr or a hero or what ? Maria and Miriam dance to transistor 's music . edna walk into Conference room to tidy up . sal be still sit there . deborah try to comfort Jenny . mulvaney I do not wanta be either , I just want to be leave alone . you understand that ? I wish the fuck you never come in my bank , that 's all , do not try to act like you be some angel of human kindness ! ( he cross toward teller ' cage to start straighten up ) sonny nod , stare at he . as Doctor move toward front door sonny walk with he . grab mark bill and stuff they into the Doctor 's pocket ... sonny here , my man . whattayou get for a house call ? as Doctor try to wave it away : sonny ( continue ) no , no ! I want a top specialist for my friend , I expect to pay top money . he 's hustle he to the door , where he usher he out door . omitted ext . bank ( he Pov ) - a banner - new angle [ 1st gay demo ] hastily make , about 40 foot long , be raise above the head of crowd to where sonny can see it . we can not read it until it 's all the way up . then be read : we love you love you sonny as the crowd read it , fist fight break out and it totter and stagger , but the defender fight bravely ... they be ordinary look people -- not freak ... on sonny look at it , at they with mix feeling . on sheldon stand across the street look at he . sheldon indicate he watch . hold up ten finger : " ten minute " ... on sonny he turn into the bank . int . bank - night sonny come back into bank , he face mad with pain . he walk over to sylvia , stand at open gate of teller ' cage , and bring out a wallet with picture for she to see . she take it , smile . sonny my kid ... kimmy and Jimmy . sylvia they be beautiful ... she look over toward mulvaney , now behind the teller ' cage , try to tidy up , and walk over to show he the picture . sonny stand on the other side of the cage . sonny ( as mulvaney look at picture ) I will never see they again , mister mulvaney . mulvaney they look like good kid . sonny they be like any other but they be special to I . you get kid ? you tell I ; you get two . mulvaney special to I , too . sonny you like I ? mulvaney sure - we like you . sonny no you do not . mulvaney you seem like a likable enough guy . it 's hard to judge . sonny walk back toward sal , who be seat in Conference room . sonny hey , sal ... how you doin ' ? sal okay . sonny cross back downstage again to mulvaney and sylvia . sonny ( refer to sal ) you know , I do not know he very well - but he 's not gay ... and he 's not go back to prison ... one time when he be in prison , they gang - bang he ; 13 year old and eight guy give it to he ... so sal be not goin ' back to prison , no way . mulvaney I be sorry . sonny you know ... I like you people ... I really do . mulvaney we like you , too . sonny you know - I have a job once . I use to work in a bank . I have be training ... I use to have a boss ... Mr. Don frio ... he wear a toupee ... I wonder if you would hire I if I come in here and ask you for a job ... mulvaney would I hire you ? sonny yeah . mulvaney why not ? sonny ( grin ) I do not think so . sonny walk back toward sal . sonny I tell you -- they be send a jet . it 's all work out ... but doubt hang in the air like a pall ... closeup - sal look at he . implacable . this tension between they over the question of sonny 's loyalty must be keep constantly alive with cut and look , over dialogue ... sylvia &amp ; mulvaney sylvia somebody give I another cigarette . sal turn to look at she reproachfully . on sylvia sylvia I wish somebody would tell I I be gonna live long enough for it to be a habit . my parent , she will be okay . my husband , he will be okay . I even know who the bum be gonna marry . terrific . she will take good care of he . mulvaney Girls , I wanta apologize . for my language back there . embarrass , he walk toward the rest of group in the rear , stand by edna 's desk . mulvaney lady ... I want to apologize for my language back there . ( he walk over to he desk , sit down ) sonny exit Conference room and move downstage . sylvia ( amaze ) what would you say ? I do not hear you say anything . they think for a moment . jenny he say the ' F ' word . they stare at she incredulously . someone giggle . edna what ? jenny the ' F ' word . he do . he say the ' F ' word . edna cross to she desk - disgust - and start to tidy up . the giggle catch the edge of they panic and anxiety and sweep they into uncontrollable giggle and laughter : sonny roar . sal and edna alone remain unsmile . after a few second they force themselves to stop , to behave like they should under the circumstance . they be gasp and cry . then ... sonny what 's so funny ? edna well , I be a Christian , and my ear be not garbage can . it set they off again . they howl and giggle and laugh . until at last they run down again . at this point , sal rush out of Conference room . sal who 's that ? he have see something in the middle of the street , and now ... new angle as they all turn to look out through the door . there Pov backlight by the floodlight in the middle of street escort by sheldon , stand a figure , dumpy and gray , tentatively wave , a figure that bend over baby carriage in the park , pick bean one by one out of supermarket bin , lip read get - well card in pharmacy . they hear sheldon , outside , on bullhorn : sheldon ( v.o. ) sonny ! could you come out , please ? could you come out , please ? sonny it 's my mother . who need this shit ? but as a dutiful son he start for the front of the bank . ext . bank - night as sonny walk to he mother . Baker tactfully move away , leave the two of they in the center of the floodlight street . again the crowd can be heard but not see ; armed police fringe the light and shadow , in b.g . sonny what do you want here , ma ? you could of watch it on tv . VI my God , sonny - you oughtta see - - alla Brooklyn be here ! on all 3 network ! sonny Mom - I get it all work out ; it 's over . the best thing be you go home . watch it on tv . VI I talk to the FBI , I tell they about you , they say if you just come outta the bank it 's gonna be okay . sonny you do what ? who do you talk to ? what for ? VI well , I be only try to get you outta this . I tell they you be in Vietnam , you always have good job , you be with goldwater at the ' 64 convention , but you have marital problem ... sonny oh my God , mother ! VI I say you be never a faggot . sonny do not talk to they anymore . sal and I be get a jet , we be go to Algeria - I will write you from there . VI he be very understanding - you ought to talk to he ... Algeria ? sonny we can not stay here . VI oh my God ! I do not understand . if you need money , why could not you come to I ? everything I get be yours . I get two hundred and maybe twenty - five in the savings . it 's yours . you know it . sonny abruptly realize he be get sidetracked by Mom - like always . tries to get it back again . sonny Mom - they be send a bus to take we to the airport . you understand ? if you be here - they be not gonna send it . they will think I be gonna come out with you . VI what 's wrong with that ? the FBI be very understanding when I explain it to he . everybody know it be not you ... it 's the pressure from you home life . sonny for God 's sake do not start in on heidi again ... VI do I say a thing against she ? God forbid I should say anything against that fat cunt . sonny mom. Mom . there be some thing a mother should not say in front of she son . VI if she come down here , so help I I be gonna mash she brain in . everything in you life be sunlight and rose until you meet she . since then , forget it . sonny she do not have anything to do with it ! you understand that ? mother ? this be I ! VI I know you would not need Leon if heidi be treat you right . the thing I do not understand be why you come out and sleep with heidi anyway ? you get two kid on welfare now . what be you goin ' to bed with she , you do not have enough with one wife and two kid on welfare , you want a wife and three kid on welfare ? sonny ( this be old stuff ) not now , Mom , please . VI what will you do ? come out . sonny ( patiently - I tell you a hundred time ) I can not , Mom . if I come out sal will kill they . VI oh. ( she think for a moment ) run . sonny what the hell for ? twenty - five year in the pen ? VI maybe ... sonny maybe ! aw Christ , what dream you live on ! maybe what ? she stare at he . he talk slowly and carefully to she . sonny I be a fuckup and a outcast . there be not one single person in my life I have not hurt through my love . you understand that ? I be the most dangerous person in the world , because if I love you , watch out , you be gonna get fuck , fuck over and fuck out ! VI no ! sonny do pop come down ? VI no . this really piss he off , sonny . he say you be dead . he say he do not have a son . sonny he 's right . you shoulda do what he do . go home. ( embrace she ) do not talk to the FBI anymore . he walk away and move toward the bank door . on VI her desperate smile , apologetic and false at the same time , glisten with a mother 's tear . after a long beat : VI I remember how beautiful you be . as a baby you be so beautiful . we have such hope . int . bank - close on door - night as sonny enter and stop , control he emotion . he walk toward mulvaney , who be put visitor 's chair back into position , then water he plant . Maria and Miriam be still dance ; Margaret be at she desk ; sal , Jenny and deborah be in the Conference room ; sylvia be still behind teller ' cage . sonny mister mulvaney ? mulvaney yeah ? sonny be you a lawyer ? mulvaney no . I have some legal training , but ... sonny I want to dictate my will . I need a notary ? sylvia I be a notary . she leave teller ' cage area , cross to sonny , grab a pen from edna 's desk on the way . sonny 's urgent mood reach they . sylvia get note pad from mulvaney . take the dictation ... sonny be of sound mind and body , and all that shit ... sylvia nod : get it . sonny to my darling wife Leon whom I love as no other man have love another man in all eternity , I leave $ 2,700 from my $ 10,000 life insurance policy , to be use for you sex change operation . if there be money leave over it be to go to you on the first anniversary of my death , at my grave . I expect you to be a real woman then , and you life full of happiness and joy . to my sweet wife , heidi , five thousand from the same policy . you be the only woman I have ever love , and I re-pledge my love to you in this sad moment , and to little kimmy and Jimmy . I hope you remember I , Jimmy . you be the little man of the family now , and will have to look after they for I . to my mother I ask forgiveness . you do not understand the thing I do and say , but I be I , and I be different . I leave you , the rest of the policy and my stamp collection . I want a military funeral and be entitle to one free of charge . life and love be not easy and we have to bend a lot . I hope you find the place and the people to make you all happy as I could not . God bless you and watch over you , as I shall , until we be join in the hereafter , sweet Leon , my heidi , dearest kimmy and Jimmy , and my mother . sonny ... here I will spell the last name ... he sit and write it for sylvia . sonny type that up and I will sign it . nobody say anything about this document . what be there to say ? sylvia walk to she desk at the front of the bank , near the window , and begin type . ext . bank - various angle - night the restless crowd stir , sense something happen . turn to see something come . apartment FIRE escape the cop gear up they weapon : radio crackle . something , a vehicle , be move through the crowd , cop shove people aside to let it through . the Old Lady pay no attention . she be down to one of the very last piece of the puzzle and be search for the spot for it . low angle in clear place in front of bank as the vehicle clear the crowd and slowly draw up in front . it be a long airport limousine of the type with many door . it stop . everyone 's attention be on it . a black driver get out , a gay afro knit on he head , coke dealer 's shade , for the cognoscenti , one very long little finger nail , a nifty Van dyke style beard and one gold front tooth . he look around , hold a sheet of paper . sheldon , other , approach . they be look into the vehicle , open door , check tire , etc . door of bank sonny appear . he stride to the limo . sonny okay . get away from it . after a moment the cop all move back . sonny open the front door and begin to check it out . the Driver start to move away ... sonny this seat come out ? driver yeah . int . limo - close - sonny and driver together they remove the seat so sonny can check for gun conceal below , etc . improvise to fit condition of the car . driver ( dawn on he ) Jesus , you be the man ! sonny come on , what 's under this ? they pry up a seat and look under , etc. , all through : driver I be lookin ' at it . I see you , man ! Jesus ! you oughta see yourself ! you would not believe it . sonny yes , I would . driver God damn it , Sheila be not gonna believe it . they just call in and say gas up a stretchout and get it down to ( address in Brooklyn ) and I say , ' shit , another load of elk for the massage parlor . ' sonny ( finish ) okay . Driver stand up , get a good look at sonny . driver well , by God I be gonna remember you ! and he turn and walk away . Driver stop , uncertainly . cop grab he to hustle he away . sheldon step forward with a neat twenty - year - young carbon copy of himself ... sheldon here 's you driver , this be agent Murphy . new angle sonny and Murphy . sonny eye Murphy , think , then begin to frisk Murphy . he find nothing . he stand up and eye Murphy . he just do not like it . sonny I do not want he . sheldon what can he do , he 's clean ... sonny gimme the black guy ... the Driver be still close enough to hear ... driver aw , hey ... sonny ( overlap everybody ) come on , nobody 's gonna get hurt . if they be gonna shoot , they would shoot now . sheldon I can not allow that , sonny ... sonny you can not allow ! I be run this thing , what give you the idea you can say shit ? ( to Driver ) come on . I will pay you . whatta you want ? two hundred ? a thousand ? the Driver look around desperately to the FBI , to get he out of this . sonny do not look at he . I be run this . pause . sheldon finally reluctantly nod . sonny motion for he ( the Driver ) to step forward . before he can get in the car , sonny stop he . signal to he to get ready . give he a thorough pat search . thighs , the whole bit . close angle as he search it be tense . the Driver seem uptight . sonny find nothing until he touch a breast pocket . the Driver be very uptight . sonny reach in , pull out a -- tiny bottle , with a coke spoon chain to the lid . before sheldon can see it , but the audience have , sonny shove it back , grin , slap the Driver on the bun . the Driver laugh delightedly . he be afraid he would get bust for the dope : the drive will be a cakewalk . sonny you will be okay . driver ( to FBI ) you man shoot , aim for the white meat ! he love the joke ! they act as though they have not hear . sonny slap he playfully on the arm and smile turn to sheldon . sonny I want he . he point at Murphy . sheldon stand there speechless . Driver stare at sonny , he smile fade . sonny ( delighted ) what do you think you be deal with , a idiot ! sheldon nod to Driver and Murphy . Murphy resume role as driver of the limo . Driver get out . sonny so long , copper . sonny and murphy as they position the stretchout in front of the bank . it can be see from inside . the FBI man stand well back from it . Murphy stand by the door . he also can be see . sheldon okay , sonny ? you follow my car . Murphy nod . sonny be satisfied and turn to the bank , take Murphy into vestibule , indicate for he to stay there . sonny continue toward group at rear . int . bank - night sylvia be finish she type . the girl and mulvaney be slowly get ready . deborah be get she purse out of Margaret 's desk drawer ; Margaret gather she own purse , book , etc . ; Jenny be get she purse from edna 's desk as edna gather up she belonging ; mulvaney be seat at he desk ; Miriam be at she desk , by the front door . sal stand with he gun ready . [ as sonny enter and take up he gun , sal carefully and methodically begin to redress himself , comb he rumple hair , knotting he tie carefully ... ] angle favoring sal as he rebuild he sartorial image before the various reflect surface of the bank , knotting he tie in a glass partition , check he suit for wrinkle in a glass door , etc . meanwhile we be see the follow , which sal ignore : sonny entering sonny hey , let 's get ready ! sylvia ( get up , walk to sonny ) sonny - here 's you document . on sonny look at the will , take up pen . on sylvia , mulvaney watch he with compassion . insert sonny sign fast and firmly ... insert sylvia 's notary seal clamp and imprint the paper . low close angle - sonny sonny okay , okay , okay ! what a bunch of cold fish . it 's a adventure ! everybody 's gonna remember you the rest of you life , the day you get hold up and kidnap ... hey ! his eye have strike some reminder . they handle this . sonny you get Bank americard ? mulvaney ( tired ) what now , sonny ? sonny ( gather money from near - by money bag ) listen , I owe a couple hundred dollar ! I do not wanta leave owe anybody anything ! a clean slate , a new leaf ... he plunk he card down before sylvia . sonny ( continue ) I pay off . ( money from attach case ) here . two hundred should do it . they start the action of filing the form and accept the money ... sonny stop they ... sonny just give I a receipt . hey , sal , you okay ? sal ( deep in he hair or tie or ? ) okay , sonny . sonny all right . ( accept receipt ) sylvia here 's you document , sonny . sonny yeah - it look real official . they be ready . a moment in the dark . sonny hold out the will to mulvaney . sonny hold it for I ? mulvaney take it . sonny shake he hand . suddenly , emotionally , he embrace sylvia . suddenly they be all say silent goodby . shake hand all around , formally . only sal be leave untouched , stand apart , watch they , in the dark . ext . bank - night everyone wait in silence . the light . the limo . the Driver wait in the driver 's seat . after a beat the door begin to open . various angle as cop ' gun be bring to bear . on the apartment fire escape the Old Lady be asleep , she puzzle complete . the sniper raise they rifle . front of barber shop - night sheldon stand there . the police radio network crackle : " they be come out . perpetrator and hostage together . only authorize personnel may previously authorize , and etc . " sheldon 's eye go to : he Pov - sniper a middle - age man who look like a overweight accountant , in flak vest and helmet that seem too small , aim through a telescopic sight at : door of bank sonny ( let Murphy out first ; yell outside ) get away from the car ! something that look like a multi-legged animal emerge . it be sonny and sal in the center of a tight group of the girl and mulvaney , so they be completely protect on all side by hostage . over they head be throw some drape from the bank that further prevent the police from draw a clear head on sonny or sal without hit a girl . in fact they can not be see at all . this weird apparition appear , hesitates . the crowd yell : " shoot ! " choreograph the action so the group hesitates , take a step forward , then it 's clear sonny can not see well enough to go direct to the car , and the girl be uncertain which direction to go in , not have be brief . so they stumble about , make false start , and finally arrive at the car , where one girl get into the second row of seat behind the Driver . then sonny slide across next to Driver . various angle to cover the police have no chance to shoot . the group look like a bewilder centipede find its way . mulvaney detach himself from the group and slip into the front seat , on sonny 's right . on edna stand alone , outside fill - up limo . sheldon walk over to mulvaney 's window . sonny ( to sheldon ) okay - you get you one . sheldon ( to Murphy ) you follow my car . ( he move off ) Maria get in the rear-most row of seat . sal next to she in the middle and then another girl . one woman , edna , a plain middle - age woman who have not say a word until now be leave over . she stand by the side of the limo as the door close and this phase of the operation end , without mishap . sonny ( elate ) fuck ! we do it ! sylvia ( to edna ) Goodbye , honey . wish we luck ! edna peck out dry little kiss to the nearest girl . angle through sonny'' door window as edna peck ... goodbye . sonny I will be a son of a bitch -- we be all okay ! hey , man ! honk the horn . let 's go ! sal have he gun point on back of Driver 's head . murphy hey , sal - do I a favor ... point that gun up , huh ? we hit a bump and the fuckin ' gun will go off . the Driver honk the horn : they be ready . the crowd scream . cop keep jockey for position , but there be no way to get a shot in . on sheldon no emotion . he step into he car , a police car pull up behind , and the procession start to pull slowly toward the crowd . on edna and bank as the limo pull away , she be bewilder by the rush of police , bank people , FBI man who stream past she , ignore she , all pour into the bank . tv crew move by and finally -- one stop to interview she . on the caravan be ram through the jam of cop and scream people try to get a last look . the hostage look out , want , worried . sonny and sal inside , alert , ready with gun . int . limo - night murphy sal - please keep that gun point up , huh ? there Pov - moving shot from inside the limo . the face of the poor , the excited , the vicious the curious , and in one shot some of the people from the Gay Liberation Movement carry hastily lettere sign : one protest sonny : you be a insult to you kind and another : we love love love you sonny ! they scared and want face swim past in the mob . sonny 's mother be briefly see look out of the barber shop window , alone and forget . the cop stare heavily , sullen with anger . now the limo be move faster . people be run alongside , yelling insult , try to see in , ask for hand - out , but they be go faster . Inside , they say nothing . up ahead , sheldon 's car flash a red light . behind , the police car do the same . various ext . and int . angle - night as the procession move through Brooklyn . moving view from ground a helicopter follow above they . view in street they move along , follow by a honking parade of kibitze car , like a mexican wedding . angle at airport thruway they turn onto the thruway , try to out - distance the car tagging along . int . limo silence . sonny and sal hold they rifle ready between they knee . angle N airport fence as they veer off the thruway , a barely see Guard swing open a gate and they roar through . the Guard push the gate to , and the follow caravan of car brake , skid and a pile - up of fender bender accident begin , car go into the fence and each other . full shot - thruway Cars be strewn all around . Doors open and driver leap out ready to yell and do battle . the cop guard the now close gate . kennedy airport - night distant light , some move . total darkness . the FBI car , the limo , the follow police car move across the darkness ... int . limo - night they sit quiet , follow the FBI car . the FBI car stop . they stop . silence . sonny Murphy , can you see what they be do ? murphy he 's still get some arrangement to make . sheldon be get out of the car up ahead . sonny and sal and all of they come alert . as sheldon and the other FBI man get out of they car , a pair of aircraft landing light become visible , taxiing towards the limo . sonny there it be , sal . sal ? sal I be here . sonny oh , Jesus ! hey . how about food ? I forget to ask to have food on board . sheldon have be walk down to the limo . he stop beside mulvaney and knock on the window . mulvaney roll it down . sheldon that 's the jet . you give we one more , now . that 's the deal ... sonny okay . which one go ? there be silence inside the limo . mulvaney turn to sylvia . mulvaney sylvia ? from a handkerchief , sylvia draw a slip of paper . sylvia it 's Maria . go on , honey . they open the door . they urge she out , and Maria go with a show of reluctance . on maria as she stand up outside she be reveal to have a rosary she 's count . improvise goodby , tearful and fearful all around . then : maria I pray for you safety ... ( meaning sonny and sal ) ... sal ? because I know it 's you first plane trip . do not be scared , you know ? ( give he she rosary ) and Maria walk away . now the plane have taxi into position , where it can be see in floodlight . it look big and impressive . we know the FBI have sniper ringing it . sonny I be not eat all day . I just realize it . sheldon we will have hamburger on the plane . you ready ? murphy ( turn to sal again ) sal , keep it up , huh ? the gun - please ... close - sonny look at the plane , grasp he money and he gun . the rifle stand straight up between he leg . sheldon lean down , peer in at he . sonny what do you think , sal ? you ready to go ? angle - sal in front of sonny , behind mulvaney . for the first time he smile . he realize that escape be within they grasp . the smile transform he from a formidable mafia imitation into a utterly sweet and defenseless youth . sal ( gun point high ) hey , sonny - you do it ! close - sonny sonny let 's move it , goddamn it . sheldon ( to Driver ) you ready to get out first ? driver yes . Driver start to turn in the driver 's seat ! sheldon bring up he hand to reach through the open window to grab sonny 's rifle barrel , push it away , aim out windshield . mulvaney see they beginning they move and start to duck . sal begin to see movement out of the corner of he eye and be barely beginning to react . driver turning have a gun over the back of the seat ! sonny see it , and sheldon 's hand grab the barrel of he gun at the same moment . sheldon drive hard into the side of the limo , reach in . mulvaney grab the girl next to he and pull she by the hair down toward the floor . sal , open-mouthed with amazement , be a split - second late bring he gun up . Driver complete he turn and have he gun levele at sal between Miriam and Margaret in middle row . sheldon grab he rifle barrel and pull hard . sonny let it go . sal stare at the gun barrel , try to get he gun up ... Driver fire . mulvaney hit the floor . sheldon hold sonny 's gun . sonny , close , watch . sal , hit , slam back into the seat ; the gun fly upward . another shot hit he , fling he head back . Driver hold he third shot , turn to sonny - hold gun to he temple . sonny look down so he can see fully as : sal 's head snap back for a split second and stare directly into sonny 's eye , upside down . he stare sadly , into sonny 's eye . as though he know it all along -- betrayed . and die . the shot be echoing . now scream , yell , slamming door , panic ... sonny 's voice : " shoot I ! for God 's sake , shoot I ! " full shot they come pour out of the limo , scramble frantically away from it . the limo -- the people flee it . Agents pull people away from the car . Driver and sheldon and cop peer into the back . sal 's body lie slump . Driver , sheldon , other cop stand about , recover . no one make the slight sort of congratulatory move , it be just another job . Driver clear he weapon , hand it to sheldon to be file in case of investigation . on sylvia , mulvaney , hostage they hug , cry , laugh , jump up and down : they be alive ! sylvia ( to mulvaney ) I be die to do this for year ! and she kiss he hard in the mouth . he laugh and kiss back ... close - sonny tear be beginning to flood past he defense : sheldon ( v.o. ) you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent . you have the right to counsel to be present , during you interrogation . ( etc . ) his voice be dry , as though he be recite from memory something he learn in a language he do not understand . lap dissolve to : close - leon - head on shot like a Warhol interview on tv . segue voice track . leon well , I do not see how sonny can survive in prison , he be very loud , very boisterous . he be obnoxious . close - head shot - sonny be manipulate like so much beef by impersonal FBI agent ... leon ( v.o. ) he be very hard to live with ... heidi ( v.o. ) he make I laugh . ext . barber shop - night remnant of the crowd of sightseer , be interview by tv man avid for more , more , more news ... this be people among the group that hold up the big banner earlier : now we see they up close . they be fold up they banner . a very ordinary - look young guy . proud young man I love he . he put a end to all that pansy limp wrist shit ! FBI and sonny they be get off he belt , he shoe lace ... heidi ( v.o. ) because he always have a way of get out , always in the army he be awol ... omitted back to sonny manacle and helpless . he be twisted into some yet more uncomfortable position by the uncare Agents . heidi ( v.o. ) I can not help think how he might ring the bell one of this day . that 's why I be nervous , because I be always think some day he 's gonna come along and ring the bell ... through the shot sal 's body be carry , sonny , see it out of the corner of he eye . he try to look ... FBI man keep you eye front . pauline naturile - be interviewed a fade , rattle woman , perhaps a little drunk ... newsman how do you know you son be involved ? pauline it be on the tv . newsman when be the last time you see sal ? pauline oh , a long time . because I keep ask my husband where the heck could junior be ? he be not around here . I think maybe he be in prison or some place . newsman do you know he be a homosexual ? pauline no , not until after they kill he . newsman do you always call he junior . pauline yeah . newsman do you remember anything else about sal ? pauline no , that 's all . back to sonny - at airport sonny be not even listen ... he see something o.s.: sonny hey ! new angle the hostage move toward a car to take they home be pass nearby and turn to look at he ... sonny Goodbye ! you be terrific ! mouth ! you be beautiful ! see you ! there reaction they stare at he ; they have already begin to forget he : the moment in the bank when they say they goodby be already recede from they consciousness . they smile be force , and they do not really know what to say . sylvia ah , sonny ! good luck , you know ? mulvaney you be terrific , too ! sylvia hey . it 's raining . and , as the first welcome drop of cool rain fall , they begin to move fast ... on sonny look after they . the rain hit he face ... the adventure be over . but the everlast smile overtake he ... leon I be glad . life be easier with he in prison . heidi it would be like always , the bell would ring , we would have a ball . omitted begin title and credit : since there will be no beginning title or credit , the picture logo will flash on screen now , and end music up : as pacino' credit be see , over a still of he from the picture : the following be superimposed : sonny be serving twenty -five year in federal prison . as leon be see : leon be now a woman name lana . as heidi be see : heidi live with her child on welfare . fade out . the end