dogma ext asbury park boardwalk - day Jersey spring day . Beyond the wooden plank that make up the age fun pier , the ocean wave crash into the sandy shoreline . a old man stare at the empty beach . sun-worshiper hour away from besmirch the dune . his feature be simple . he wear a old overcoat . his face bely good year go by - a face that have see more sunrise than one would suspect . he inhale the crisp , salty air and let a small , satisfied smile cross he face . behind he . a large arcade with steel shutter door sit on the boardwalk . Three young boy skate around by on roller blade , pass a street hockey ball between they proficiently . the Old man view they briefly . check he watch , and look back toward the ocean . the skate of the three hockey play youth skid to a halt . we pan up to they face - now cold and dispassionate . they look at one another and nod . they skate glide out of frame . p.o.v . skater - the Old man lean on the railing that overlook the beach . we get closer and closer to he until ... one of the skater check he hard into the railing . the Old man exhales violently and fall to he knee . the two other skater begin savagely beat on he with they hockey stick , as he crumble beneath they . repeatedly they blade crash down hard on he head . oc voice I do not understand - how can you base you lack of belief in God on the writings Lewis caroll ? the three skater cease they beat and check the Old man 's pulse . satisfied , they skate away , leave he crumpled form on the boardwalk . int airport - day loki walk beside a nun in a semi-busy terminal . they pass through the metal detector . the nun carry a donation can . loki leave ' Alice in wonderland ' aside , look closely at ' through the look Glass ' - particularly ' the Walrus and the carpenter ' poem : what 's the metaphorical meaning ? nun I be not aware there be one . loki oh , but there be - it colorfully detail the sham that be organize religion . the Walrus - with he girth and good - nature - obviously refer to either the buddha , or - with he tusk - the lovable hindu elephant god , Lord ganesha . this take care of the Eastern religion . the carpenter be a obvious reference to Jesus Christ , who be purportedly raise the son of a carpenter . he represent the western religion . and in the poem . what do they do ? they dupe all the oyster into followmg they . then. when the oyster collective guard be down . the Walrus and the carpenter shuck and devour the helpless creature , en masse . I do not know what that say to you , but to I it say that follow faith base on this mythological figure insure the destruction of one 's inner-be . bartleby sit amongst a row of seat by one of the arrival gate . he eat popcorn and stare at ... a steady stream of traveler , exite the gate , meeting lovedone , family . oc loki organize religion destroy who we be or who we can be by inhibit we action and decision out of fear of a intangible parent - figure who shake a finger at we from thousand of year ago and say " no , no ! " bartleby smile at the meet - and -greet , warm . loki saddle up beside he , kneel on one of the seat , face the nun . loki ' through the look Glass ' - a child 's tale ? I think not . nun ( really daze ) I have ... I have never really think about it like that ... ( beat ; shocked ; off she cassock ) what have I be do with my life ...?'. loki do not look back . just get out there and taste life . ( off donation can ) leave this for the unenlighten . Poverty be for the gullible - it 's another way the church be try to control you . you take that money you have be collect for you parish reconstruction and go get yourself a nice piece of ass . you deserve it . the nun nod at he , and saunter off , obviously grapple with something . a passerby try to stick money in she can , but she yank it away . loki face the proper direction in he seat and plop down beside the still - transfix bartleby . bartleby ( look oc ) here 's what I do not get about you : you know for a fact that there be a God . you have be in he presence , he 's talk to you personally . and yet I just hear you claim to be a atheist . loki c'mon man - you know I do not believe any of that shit I be tell she . I just like to fuck with the clergy ; keep them on they toe . when she head stop spin , she will be face the way of the just again . but oh. will she have a bunch to confess . ( look around ) now here 's what I do not get about you : why do you feel the need to come here all the time ? bartleby ( off traveler ) I like to watch . this be humanity at it 's best . look at they . a reunite family share a group hug and move on , make way for two young lover to embrace and kiss passionately . oc bartleby all that tension , all that anger and mistrust , forget for one perfect moment when they come off that plane . see that two ? the guy do not even know that the girl cheat on he while he be away . oc loki she do ? bartleby and loki continue to watch the arrival . bartleby uh-huh . twice . but it do not matter at this moment because they be both so relieved to be with one another . I like that . I just wish they could all feel that way more offen . loki maybe if someone give they free bag of peanut more often they would . now what be so friggin ' important that I have to miss cartoon this morning ? if it be to share in you half - ass obsession with hallmark moment , I be go to slug you . bartleby ( still look oc ) you be never go to believe this : we be go home . loki ( off bartleby 's popcorn ) let I have some ? bartleby ( pull out envelope ) look what somebody send we in the mail . ( hand he a newspaper article and corn ) loki do you say we be go home ? ( read ) " cardinal glick cut ribbon on ' Catholicism - wow ! " campaign . " ( to bartleby ) and ? bartleby keep read . loki ( read ) " update the church ... television spot ... papal consent ... rededication ... ( to bartleby ) again - and ? bartleby ( snatch article ) give I this ( get up ; read ) " the re-dedication of Saint Michael 's Church on it 's hundredth anniversary be the kickoff of a new campaign that seek to bring the Catholic Church back into the mainstream . with a papal sanction , the archway entrance to the centuryold , Jersey shore house of worship will serve as a passageway of pleanry indulgence , which - accord to Catholic belief - offer all who pass through it 's arch a morally clean slate . " ( look at loki ) you still do not get it , do you ? loki no , I do not get it . be we leave now ? they start walk . bartleby if you walk through the church 's front door on the day of the re-dedication ceremony , you soul be wipe clean of any and all exist sin , moreso than the sacrament of penance could ever offer . it 's a plenary indulgence , man ! I do not know why I never think of this before . loki ( spit out chew popcorn into trash can ) sound thin . sound like someone make it up . bartleby it 's rarely employ , but it 's legitimate . it have a papal sanction for God 's sake . loki so you be say you and I can walk through this doorway and go back home ? bartleby no - by pass through the door , we sin be forgiven . then all we have to do be die ... loki wait. wait , wait - die ? I do not want to die . ( chew popcorn ) bartleby ( step on conveyor belt ) you would rather stay down here for a few more eon ? loki no , but we do not even know if we can die . and what if we can , but this archway thing do not pan out ? what then ? Hell ? fuck that . ( spit out chew popcorn into napkin ) bartleby impossible . if we cut off we wing and transubstantiate to complete human form then we become mortal . and if we die with clean soul , there 's no way to keep we out . they have to let we in . loki ( beat ) who send this thing ? bartleby I do not know . somebody who 's look out for we , I guess . do it matter ? all that matter be that after all this year , we have find a loophole . he can not keep we out anymore . and once we be back in , I be sure he will just forgive and forget . they pass the nun. who lean against a wall , still daze . loki yeah , but this plenary ' indulgence thing be a church law , not Divine mandate . Church law be fallible because they be create by man . bartleby one of the last sacred promise impart to Peter the first Pope by the Son of God before he leave be " whatever you hold true on earth ... " loki " ... I will hold true in Heaven . " bartleby so if the Pope say it 's so , God must adhere . it 's dogmatic law . loki ( beat ; extend hand ) let it never be say that you anal retentive attention to detail never yield positive result . bartleby ( accept hand ) you can not be anal retentive if you do not have a anus . loki there 's just one thing I think I should do before we leave - something that ' Il get we back on his good side . bartleby what 's that ? loki smile and start rifling through he pocket . he extract a magazine article . loki this be something I have be dream about for five year now . read . the crumpled article display a barney - like gold - hued cow , alongside various profit chart and text . oc bartleby ( read ) " mooby the Golden calf - creating a Empire out of simplicity . " loki wipe he mouth and nod to the article . loki I want to hit they . bartleby be you nut ?! ( crumple article ) we be mere day away from get back , and you want to jeopardize it because you have a soft spot for the good ol ' day ?! loki what better way to show I have repent than by resume the position I deny ... thanks to you . bartleby a kill spree be not go to make thing better for we . loki we be not talk about kill here . we be talk about Divine justice . we be talk about punish the wick , raining down fire and brimstone . he 's all about that . I just know he would want this do . bartleby there have not be a angel of death since you quit . do not that mean anything to you ? besides , what if you be wrong ? loki if I be wrong , it will not matter . like you say - we pass through the arch and we be forgiven anyway they step up to a elevator and press the button . bartleby ( consider it ) well ... he do hate competition . ( read article ) and this mooby deninitely fall under that head . loki the church we have to go to be where ? bartleby New ]ersey . the rededication be in four day . the door open . they get on . other people be inside as well . loki we last four day on earth . if I have a dick , I would go get laid . but we can do the next best thing . bartleby what 's that ? loki let 's kill people . a guy beside loki react . loki smile at he as the elevator door close . open credit between black card with white credit there be shot of the old man from the boardwalk be wheeled into a hospital on a gurney , be treat in the emergeny room , be hook up to life support system , and finally rest in a intensive care wing . ext ST . stephen' parish - day the church sit on a grassy knoll in Mc Henry - a suburb of Chicago . some kid tear by on bike and egg it . oc priest the great Illinois chapter of the right to life foundation will be hold it 's bi-annual softball game against the cook County pro-choice league next Sunday at two . int ST . stephen' parish - day the priest speak from the lectern , address semi-filled row of the faithful . priest that who find the weekly demonstration outside of the twelfth Street plann parenthood Clinic hard to make due to work schedule be urge to show they support in the fight against the thoughtless and wanton destruction of life by cheer on we boy on the field . refreshment . as always , will be serve . dolly down the row while the Priest rattles on . we pass the parishoner . some listen intently , other be nodd off . one surreptitiously listen to a walk -man ; a man and a woman quietly argue while they kid color in a coloring book , go off the page and mark the pew ; two kid play card ; one guy leaf through a copy of hustler hide by he hymnal book . oc priest today 's second collection will be donate to the John doe Jersey life Fund . for that of you who have not be follow the news , a unidentified homeless man who be accost and severely beat at the New Jersey shore last Tuesday lie in critical but stable condition in one of that area 's hospital . he lack identification and police have have no luck in tracking down any possible family . while he show no sign of recovery , the arch - Bishop of the trenton diocese have dispute the state 's decision to remove the indigent man from life support system , ask that Catholic all over the country join in this protest against euthanasia . and finally - will whoever keep parking in my spot , stop do that . thank you . now , please rise for the recession of faith . we believe in one God , the father ... as the congregation flatly join in the prayer , we stop on bethany - a beautiful twenty - something woman who struggle to stay awake . she check she watch and exhales softly . oc voice I do not really want to be here . ent planned parenthood clinic - day a small gaggle of signcarry right-to-lifer 's march in front of the sterile look building . oc voice but then again , I guess nobody ever do ... except maybe you . int bethany's office - day the source of the voice - a girl - sit beside bethany 's desk , stretch out she gum . bethany offer she a understanding smile . girl you know , I have do this three time now ; and each time the counselor tell I I should be more careful in the future , I should show ' some responsibility . gotta tell you , though - this be the first time the counselor be not some ugly as hell old bitch . it 's kind of hard to take abortion advice from a woman who 's too gross to get laid in the first place . bethany I be not here to lecture you - I be here to make sure you really want to go through with this . girl I would rather go back to that night when my idiot bovfriend swore up and down he be sterile . short of that , there be not many choice leave , now be there ? bethany ever think about have it ? girl ( beat ) what woman do not on some level . bethany I never do . girl ( incredulous ) you have a abortion ? bethany ( light a smoke ) my first year in college . all through high school , I would date the same guy - walter flanagan . we be really in love , right ? so much so . that we decide to go Carnegie Mellon together ... that 's this college in Pittsburgh . so there we be -away at school , and there 's suddenly no parent to worry about anymore , so we be screwing like rabbit - just constanly do it . and I wound up get pregnant . so he beg I to have it . he say we should quit school and get marry , and I be tell he that that 'l I screw up we education . we fight about it for a week - my arguement be there be no rush to have kid , you know ? we could always have a baby in a couple of year - after school . so I get the abortion against he wish ... I mean , what the hell - it be my body , right ? after graduation , we get marry and immediately set about try to have kid . we try like hell for the first six month , and ... nothing . so I go to a gynocologist to see if everything be okay on my end . ( beat ) it be not . ( take a drink ) my uteran wall have this fissure . it seem that the doctor who perform the procedure on I year before have somehow botch it . I would never be able to have a child . the girl 's face say it all . bethany take a drag and continue . bethany so there I be - devastate . and now I have to go home to break the news to my husband who year before have begge I to have the baby - he baby . and after I explain it to he through my tear , he sit on the couch and rub he eye . and in the calmest , most rational voice I have ever hear anybody use in my life , he ask I for a divorce . and I fight he , you know ? I try to talk he out of it ; tell he there be alternative - like we could adopt . and all he say be he want a wife who could have he child . girl ( beat ) what happen ? bethany he remarry . he have two kid in two year with he new wife . we never speak again . and now I do this . girl that 's like ... such a sad story . bethany I date this guy a year or two ago - he be really into comic book . he tell I I have the stock superhero story - I want to prevent a wrong that have happen to I from ever happen to anyone else . kind of like batman , he say . the only difference be I do not put on tight to do it ... unless all my other clothes be in the wash . ( smile and put out she smoke ) so ... let 's go over you paperwork . ext clinic - day a well - dress liz maneuver through the small thrall of right-to-lifer 's . they shake they placard at she accusingly . protestor 1 you should be ashamed of yourself ! protestor 2 child killer ! liz ( look over they shoulder ) holy shit !! it's the pope !! as the thrall turn excitedly in a effort try to spy the imaginary pontiff , Liz duck inside the clinic . int clinic coffee room - day a newspaper headline fill the frame - " church say no to death of JOHN doe " . it 's lower to reveal bethany , read . Liz enter and hang up she coat . liz Jesus ! you be a Catholic , be not you ? can not you talk to they or something ? bethany they hate I more than you , no doubt . at least you have a excuse - you be ] ewish , you do not know any better . liz I do not think they would accept that one - we already use it as we excuse for kill Christ . so where be you yesterday morning - a bunch of we go out for brunch ? bethany I go to church . liz that kill I . you and church . we work in a field that specialize in pissing off the cloth and you add insult to injury by break bread with they every week . bethany I sit there every Sunday and I feel nothing . I can remember sit in church when I be a kid and be move - like everything mean something , like I be important . and the storey of all this holy people be so inspiring . now I sit there and think about my check , and what I be go to wear to work the next day . liz so then why do you still go ? bethany ( beat ) you would not believe I if I tell you . liz you think I be go to mock you religious belief ? we be friend , bethany - I may mock you for be a divorce ' at twenty five who 's never have a orgasm , but I would never mock you for have faith . bethany that 's just it - I do not . I do not think I have any faith leave . liz ( make coffee ) I have a girl in here once - ' bout fifteen . she tell I that faith be like a glass of water . when you be young , the glass be full , and it 's easy to fill up . but the older you get , the bigger the glass get , and the same amount of water do not fill the glass anymore . periodically , the glass have to be refill . bethany a fifteen year old who come in here say that ? liz she have get knock up by she pastor . bethany Jesus ! see ? a minister knock up a teenager - be not anyone afraid of the Lord 's wrath anymore ? liz that would require faith , and that commodity lately seem reserve only for the psychotic zealot that hang around outside . ( collect she thing to leave ) so what be you do tonight ? bethany watch t.v. liz girl , you need a man . if only for ten minute . bethany it 's be my experience that the average male be never a man - not even for ten minute in he entire life span . liz uh-oh - that sound militant . you think of join the other side ? bethany could not do it . woman be insane . liz then girl , you better get back to church and ask God for a third option . bethany I think God be dead . liz the sign of a true Catholic . Liz exit with she coffee . bethany stare after she . int a quaint suburban home - day the stygian triplet kneel on one knee before a high - back leather chair , upon which sit a shadowy figure who we see from behind . they appear to be in a de or library . shadowy figure all proceed accord to plan . no doubt , the power will attempt to contact the last scion . you know where she be . she must be elliminate befoie she enter the frav . when she be negate , there will be nothing to interfere with we plan . shuffle she loose she mortal coil , that we may obtain we final glory . ( beat ) go. the stygian triplet rise and skate off . int bethany's kitchien - night the fridge door open and bethany glance around inside . she pull out a chocolate cake and close the door . int bethany's live room - night bethany sit on the couch , eat cake with a fork and watch the oc t.v . the theme song to filmation 's ' batman and Robin ' cartoon can be hear . she sip some milk from a glass and have some more cake . int bethany's bedroom - night bethany 's in bed , stare up at the ceiling . from the darkness , a creak floor board be hear . bethany react , grab a bat from under she pillow . she peer into the darkness , defensively wield she bat . suddenly , the room explode in flame . a huge fire that appear to be shoot out from the floor ignites mere foot from bethany 's bed . bethany leap back , take a beat to stare , mesmerize . look closely , one can see a anthropomorphic form stand in the blaze . voice ( powerful ; booming ) behold the metatron - herald of the almighty and voiceof the one true GOD ! the Voice repeat itself . bethany dart out of bed and dash out of the room , quickly return with a fire extinguisher . while the voice be in mid-sentence , she blast the thing with the content of the canister , swirl the nozzle around to hit all the flame . the booming Voice sputter and start cough , lose it 's impressive edge . bethany stop squirting and turn on she bedside lamp . a choke , drench , and cough androgynous figure in a suit wave she away . the figure cough up some of the extinguisher 's content and drop to the floor , hack . it be metatron . bethany stare , shocked . metatron ( between cough ) sweet . .. Jesus ! do you ... have to empty ... the whole can ?! bethany grab she bat again and hold it up , this time offensively . bethany who the fuck be you and what the fuck be you do in my room ?! metatron ( slowly rise to it 's foot ) I be the one ... who 's soak and ... she 's the one who 's piss . that 's rich ! bethany ( reach for phone , still hold bat ) I be call the cop ! break and enter , attempt arson ... they be go to lock you up for life ...! m etatron ( wiping off clothes ) no dial tone . bethany ( ear to phone ) you cut the phone line ... ( even more offensive with bat ) get the fuck out of here , now ! metatron or you will what - hit I with that fish ? the bat bethany hold be now a salmon . she drop it to the floor and freak . metatron now just sit down on the bed and shut up ! bethany oh God - you be go to rape I ... metatron I be not go to rape you . ( to itself ; off clothes ) look at my suit ...! bethany take whatever you want , just do not kill or rape I ... metatron enough with the raping already ! I could not rape you if I want to . ( unzip pants and pull they off ) angel be ill-equipped . bethany stare . there , before she , stand the expose metatron . there be nothing where some sexual genital should be - it 's as smooth and anatomically impair as a Ken doll . metatron see ? I be as anatomically impair as a Ken doll . ( ring out pants ) you meat- puppet and you arrogance - you think everyone 's just wait to rape you . bethany wh.. what be you ? metatron I be piss be what I be . you go around drench everyone that come into you room with flameretardent chemical ? no wonder you do not get laid . ( pull pants back on ) go get I a towel , will you ? bethany blink . she exit the room and come back with a towel . she hold it out to metatron who grab it and start toweling off . metatron ( take off jacket ) stand back . bethany step back . metatron flexe and huge fuck wing extend from it 's back , drip water . bethany go wide - eye and cower against the wall . metatron ( toss towel away ) like I be say - I be the metatron . bethany stare , say nothing , pin against the wall . metatron look insulted . metatron metatron . do not tell I the name do not ring a bell ? bethany remain silent and widey . metatron get testy . metatron you people . if there be not a movie about it , it 's not worth know , right ? ( beat ) I be a seraphim . ( beat ) the high choir of angel ? ( beat ) you do know what a angel be , do not you ? bethany slowly nod . metatron metatron act as the voice of God . any document occasion when some yahoo claim to have speak with God , they be speak to I . or they be speak to themselves . bet hany ( beat ) why do not God speak for himself ? metatron ah . so glad you decide to join the conversation . to answer that - human being have neither the aural nor the psychological capacity to withstand the awesome power of God 's true voice . be you to hear it , you be mind would cave in and you heart would explode within you chest . we go through five Adam 's before we figure that out . bethany be you go to kill I ? ni etatron I could for what you do to this suit . unfortunately I can not . you be call . beth any ( beat ) call how ? how call ? metatron all that from two word . Color this angel impressed . bethany ( beat ) how do I know you be a angel ? metatron oh , you mean besides the fiery entrance and the expansive wingspan ? you people kill I . Fine . you want more proof ? how about a tequila ? ( snap finger ) int mexican bar - night bethany and metatron sit at a table . bethany immediately clutches at she pajamas . metatron wave a waiter over . bethany where the hell be we ?! metatron the only place one can go for good tequila . ( to waiter ) do tequilas , por favor . and a empty glass . waiter si. the waiter turn to leave . metatron yank a smoke from he pocket as he go . metatron gracias , senor . bethany we're in Mexico ?! metatron actually , we be in the chilli 's down the street from you house , but it be still a impressive trick ( light smoke ) you do not mind that I lose the wing , do you ? I be try to keep we profile low . bethany I suppose it would be too cliche to observe aloud that this be the weirdest dream I have ever have . metatron can you imagine how insulting it be to converse with a person and have they insist you be a dream ? if I have a ego , it would be bruise . bethany what do you want with I ? metatron I be to charge you with a holy crusade . ( pause ) you do know what a crusade be , do not you ? bethany ( sarcastically ) uh , yeah . metatron do not give I that . last time I charge someone with a crusade they have to look the word up . bethany why be I suppose to go on a crusade ? metatron you 's be a heritage divine . also , you do not seem to be do much lately . the waiter arrive with they drink . metatron oh - gracias ! ( he leave ; off the tequila ) one of the only thing you people have master since you crawle from the primordial ooze . ( sip ) bethany I work in a abortion clinic . metatron ( spit tequila into empty glass ) mose be a drunk . look what he accomplish . and no one 's even ask you to part a ocean . all you have to do be go to New Jersey . beth any New ]ersey . metatron sure . go to New Jersey and visit and small church on a very important day . agreed ? bethany that do not sound like a crusade . metatron aside from the fine print , that 's it . bethany what 's the fine print ? metatron ( mumble into glass ) stopacoupleofangelsfromenteringandthusnegatingallexistence. damn , this be good tequila . ( sip ) bethany wait , wait , wait . repeat that . metatron damn , this be good tequila ? bethany the first part . metatron ( spit into empty glass ) detail . stop a couple of angel from enter and thus negate all existence . God , I hate when people need it spell out for they . bethany clarify that . metatron that 's the problem with you people - you need every - thing clarify . no leap of faith whatsoever . alright - vou want the whole secret origin ? here go : back in the old day , God be vengeful and hot-tempere , and he wrath be bore by the angel of death - name of loki . when sodom and gommorah be destroy ? that be loki . when the water wipe out everything with the exception of noah and he menagerie ? that be loki . and he be good at what he do . but one day , he refuse to bear God 's wrath any longer . bethany why ? metatron because he listen to he friend - a grigori by the name of bartleby . bethany grigori ? metatron one of the choir of angel . they be call watcher . guess what they do ? bethany so they be like Guardian angel ? metatron exactly like that , but different . so one day , loki 's wiping out all the first bear of Egypt ... bethany the tenth Plague . metatron see ? tell a person you be the metatron and they stare at you blankiy ; mention something out of a charlton heston movie and they be suddenly theology scholar . May I continue uninterrupted ? ( bethany nod ) so once he 's do with the first bear , loki take he friend bartleby out for a post - slaughter drink . and over many round , they get into this discussion about whether or not murder in the name of God be okay . now , bartleby can run circle around loki intellectually , not to mention the fact that loki 's more than half in the bag , and in the end , bartleby convince loki to quit he position and take a lesser one - one that do not involve slaughter . so - very inebriated - loki tell God he quit : throw down he fiery sword , give he the finger - which ruin it for the rest of we . because from that day forward , God decreed that angel could no longer imbibe alcohol . hence all the spitting . bethany sound reasonable . metatron maybe to you , but I be a lush by nature . bethany I mean about the angel of death 's resignation . metatron for a liberal , yes , but this be the angel of death we be talk about . the angel of death can not be a conscientious objector . the angel of death be charge with meting out whatever justice God demand . so for they insolence , God decreed that neither loki nor bartleby would ever be allow back into paradise . bethany be they send to Hell ? metatron worse . Wisconsin . for the entire span of human history . and when the world end , they will sit outside the gate for eternity . bethany and what 's this have to do with I ? metatron somebody 's clue they in to a loophole in Catholic dogma that would allow they to reenter Heaven . bethany so what ? they beat the system . good for they . metatron it 's not that simple . if they get in , they will have reverse God 's decree . now listen up because this part be very important : existence in all it 's form and splendor function solely on one principle : God be infallible . to prove God wrong would undo reality and everything that be . up would become down , black would become white , existence would become nothingness . in essence - if they be allow to enter that church , they will unmake the world . bethany be this guy that bitter ? metatron no , that 's the stupid part : they have no idea what they action will result in . as far as they know , they be just go home . be not that sweet ? bethany if this be so major , why be you talk to I ? why do not God do something ? metatron he could . he could blink they out of existence , destroy that church , turn they into plant . but he would rather see you take care of this one personally . bethany why I ? metatron because of who you be . bethany and who be I ? metatron the girl in the p.j.' . do not ask so many question just serve you purpose . bethany I will pass . metatron I beg you pardon ? bethany when some asshole abortion doctor destroy my uterus - where be God ? when my husband decide he could not be with a wife that could not bear he child - where be God ? now all the sudden , after all this year of quiet noninvolvement in my life , he send one of his lackey 's my way who tell I I should save the world , and as what - some sort of test ? to Hell with him . metatron do yourself a favor bethany - do the world a favor : let go of you petty crap . it 's serve you precious little in the past , and it serve you even less now when the fate of existence hang in the balance . do not allow eon of history and life to get blink out of be just because you have a grudge against you creator . bethany a grudge ? do you know why I work in that clinic ? it 's my own private way of say " fuck you " to God . metatron and any other day I would say that 's you business and you life , and enjoy yourself and goodnight . but this be not about you - this be about eve~body . so you lose the abiliry to make life . you be be offer the chance to play mother to the world by act like one and protect it - save it . ( swig she drink and spit it out ) but I can not make you . you will do what you will . however , if you should decide to stop be selfish and accept you responsibility , you will not be alone . you will have support . bethany what , more angel ? nietatron prophet - although they do not quite get it yet . you will know they right away - one speak , the other listen . the one who speak - and he will at great length , whether you want he to or not - will make mention of himself as a prophet . the other one will not say anything , but he will be helpful just the same . ( look at watch ) I have to go . you will do what you will , but try to remember that we be work in a time frame here . metatron move to exit . bethany ( beat ) hey . ( metatron turn ) you work for God . metatron they tell I it 's God . if it 's not , I be go to be severely piss - what with all this year of boss people around on he behalf and expectorate perfectly good tequila . bethany what 's he like ? God ? metatron ( think ) Lonely . but funny . he 's get a great sense of humor . bethany I will bet . metatron look at sex . sex be funny . one time I ask he why you people have to look so stupid while procreate . he say if you do not , you would do it all the time , just for fun . bethany but we do . metatron I know . and you all look so damn stupid do it . it kill we upstairs . bethany sex be a joke in Heaven ? metatron the way I understand it , it 's mostly a joke down here too . and with that , nietatron be go . bethany look at she drink . a three - man mariachi band surround she and begin play Prince 's ' Little Red corvette ' . int bethany's bedroom - night bethany startles awake . the radio on she night - table play ' Little Red corvette ' . she lay back down . int bethany's office - day bethany sit at she desk , stare into space . a twenty -someth girl speak , but bethany 's not really listen . she 's extremely preoccupy . int clinic - night bethany shut off the light in the various room . she pack up she bag and turn on the alarm . ext clinic - night bethany exit and lock the door behind she . she start walk . as she foot tread lightly toward she car , three small shadow move toward she . bethany throw she bag on she car roof and rumage through she purse for she key . she hear something and stop . roller blade can be hear move slowly across the asphalt of the parking lot . bethany turn quickly . nobody 's there . she look around , a bit peturbe . bethany ( call into the darkness ) God , what time do you people quit and go home ?! let 's just save it for tomorrow , alright ? there 's no response . then there 's the noise of wood be tapped against the ground . bethany peer into the darkness , look for the source . suddenly , a skater whip past she , slamm he stick into the back of she knee . bethany go down . another skater whip in and slashes at she , but she duck . the stick hit the car door above she . she rifle through she purse madly until another skater whip by , drag she purse away with he stick . bethany look up . the stygian triplet be line up menacingly , a few foot from she . they tap they hockey stick in unison on the ground . bethany jump up and face they defensively . the triplet emit a unholy shriek and charge at she . and from out of nowhere , a large figure swoops down from above , landing on the ground between bethany and she menacer . the triplet stop short and regard the figure curiously . the large figure whip into a defensive stance , batman -style . the stygian triplet look to one another . they shrug and charge anew . from behind the rock-still large figure , a smaller figure leap into the streetlight , shriek , fly through the air , busting into a fly kick . he land before the middle triplet and open-palm punch he twice in the face , grab he stick from the fall child 's hand and toss it into the air behind he . the stick sail through the night air and be snatch by the grip of the large figure , who twirl it under he arm , and then back out like a sai . he swing it out before he , knock the other two triplet off balance . the smaller figure back flip into the larger figure 's arm and kick he foot into the face of the two wobble triplet . they go down , and the smaller figure leap forward with a shriek , landing between the fall pair , elbow into they back . the flrst strike triplet leap out of the darkness at the large figure , scream something unholy . the large figure catch the kid by the throat and quickly head butt he , toss he to the side . the large figure sway for a beat and then shake it off . the small figure collect the hockey stick and throw they into the distance . he kick at the falien triplet as they scurry away . SMALL figure ( call after they ) go back to you paper route , you punk fuck ! ( more to himself ) snoogan . the large figure saddle up beside the small figure . they look at one another and shake hand . SMALL figure dude , I know they be just kid , but we kick they fuck ass ! bethany stare , mystify . she grab she purse from the ground . bethany where ... where do you learn to do ... that stuff ?! SMALL figure from this comic book some guy make about we . Long story . bethany ( beat ) I do not know what to say ... or think . the figure turn into the light , revealing the face of the heroes for the first time - two very familiar face . SMALL figure say you will offer we sex as a reward . bethany who be you ? the large figure light up a smoke . the small one extend he hand . SMALL figure jay . and this be my business associate , Silent Bob . biethany well thank you for be out here so late ... come to think of it , what be you do out here so late ? ( freeze ) wait a second be you protestor ? jay what 's a protestor ? bethany you be not with the fight-to-lifer 's ? jay you mean that fuck with the sign and picture of dead baby ? shit no . I and Silent Bob be pro-choice : a woman 5 body be she own fuck business . bethany then - I do not mean to sound ungrateful - but what be you do hang around ? jay we be here to pick up chick . bethany ( a bit stunne ) Excuse I ? jay we figure a abortion clinic be a good place to meet loose woman . why else would they be there unless they like to fuck . bethany ( take aback ) oh. right . well , I should be go . thanks for the rescue ... I think . jay ( shocked ) wait , wait , wait - we just save you ass , and you be just go to take off ? what the shit be that ? bethany I have a weird night last night , and now tonight 's not shaping up to be any better . I think I should go home , take some percoset , and lay down . ( open she car door ) jay ( to Silent Bob ) how about that shit ? fuck this town , man - I be go back to Jersey and sell weed ~ ( they start walk ) at least there I can get turn down while try to make myself a profit . bethany freeze . metatron 's word echo in she ear . she shake she head . bethany ( to herself ) you have gotta be kid I . ( think for a beat ; then ) hey ! wait ! she run up to they . they whip around and raise they fist defensively . bethany sorry . ( beat ) would you ... I can not believe I be do this ... ( inhale deeply ) would you ... like to have a drink with I ? jay 's face light up . he punch Silent Bob in the arm . jay see ?! I tell you if we hang around outside that place we would get laid ! thank you ! ( look skyward ) thank you , God ! int seedy gun shop - night various gun be laid out atop a glass case . oc salesman now this piece be nice . it 's not lightweight , but one look at it and nobody - I mean nobody - be go to fuck with you . try it on . loki pick up the gun . bartleby and the salesman look at he . loki it 's a lot more compact than the flame sword , I will say that much . bartleby it 's the weapon of choice this day . loki it seem unimpressive . at least the sword look intimidating . how can I strike fear into the heart of the wick with this ? salesman oh , I get it . you want to become a vigilante , right ? like batman or something . loki batman never use gun . ( off gun ) I do not know . it feel impersonal . bartleby then do not use a gun . just lay the place to waste like sodom and gommorah . now that be something . loki oh yeah , for you maybe . you get to stand there and read . I have to do all the work . bartleby what work ? you light a few fire . loki I rain down sulfur , man . there 's a subtle difference . bartleby sure . loki be you kid I ? any moron with a pack of match can start a fire . raining down sulfur take a huge level of endurance . mass genocide be the most exhaust activity one can engage in , next to soccer . ( to salesman ) I will take this one . salesman five seventy five to walk with it right now . loki start sifting through he wallet . bartleby soccer ? int diner - night a English muffin be cover with a knife - full of jam . bethany raise the bread to she mouth and take a bite . she glance at the oc pair and stop chew . jay and Silent Bob study she intently . jay smile widely , anticipatory , and nod . all three sit at a small table near a window . bethany put the English muffin down and brushes off she hand . jay 's foot be move a mile a minute . bethany be you both from around here ? jay I be hard as hell . bethany do you live in the city ? jay do you have a friend for Silent Bob , or be you go to do we both ? if so , I be first . I hate sloppy second . bethany you be a man of principle . where do you come from ? jay we use to live in a small town in Jersey . Real small town . we practically know everybody . bethany what bring you to mchenry ? jay Hollywood . bethany ( beat ) Hollywood ? jay oh yeah . see , we use to sell smoke in front of this video store . and one day this fuck want to rent a video . so we do , only we do not have anyplace to watch it . so we go to the mall and pop it into a vcr at macy 's and sit on the floor and watch it . it be call ' sixteen candle ' . do you ever see it ? bethany yes . jay so the next day we rent ' the Breakfast Club ' , and then ' weird Science ' where this two fuck have a chick that will do anything for they and they do not do nothing because it 's a pg movie . but then we get throw out of macy 's when we watch ' pretty in pink ' , because of this bitch . ( point to Silent Bob ) bethany ( to Silent Bob ) what would you do ? jay you know how at the end the red-headed bitch get together with she dream guy at the prom ? ( bethany nod ) well pussy here start fuckin ' sobbing all sort of loud and shit . and the manager 's like " get the hell out of here ! " and I be like " fuck you , you bald cocksucker ! I will kick you lard .. bethany ( speed he along ) so what exactly bring you to Illinois ? jay oh yeah . see , all this movie take place in a town call shermer , in Illinois . and there 's all this fine bush run around , and we could kick all the dude 's ass because they be all whiney pussy . except judd Nelson - he be harsh . but best of all , there be no one sell weed . so I say to Silent Bob " man , we could live phat if we be the blunt- connection in shermer , Illinois ! " so we collect some cash we be owed , and catch a bus . but when we get here , you know what we find out ? there be no shermer in Illinois . what kind of shit be that ?! Fucking movie be bullshit ! bethany and now you live here ? jay fuck that . this berg suck . everyone talk with a stupid accent so you do not know what they be say , and it 's too fuckin ' cold . we be talk about take off . until we meet you , that be . ( kiss she hand ) bethany ( retract she hand ) right . so how much longer be you stay here ? jay until you be ready to skip out and make with the sex . bethany no . how long be you stay in mchenry ? jay we be leave tomorrow . bethany where be you go next ? jay ( to Silent Bob ) Jesus - this broad ask alot of question . ( to bethany ) back to Jersey . we have be go straight for like five year now . it 's about time for we to retire or something . enjoy we salad year . no more adventure . bethany I see . ( sip she coffee ) jay yeah . so do you do anal ? be it true that chick fart if you blast they in the ass ? bethany I do not ask you out for sex . jay I will take head . bethany I do not know why , but ... ( compose herself ) ... I want to go with you . jay what , like steady ? you wanna be my girlfriend ? ( shrug to Silent Bob ) alright , but Silent Bob have to live with we and you pay the rent . bethany no , I want to go with you to New Jersey . jay really ? you be the only chick I ever meet that want to go to Jersey . most chick try to get out . bethany when can we leave ? jay wait a second ! what be this shit ? be we go fuck or not ? bethany you be go to lead I somewhere . jay I lead you ? Lady , I do not even know where I be half the time . if we be not go to fuck then what the hell do you ask I out for ? bethany someone tell I I would meet you , and you would take I somewhere I be suppose to go . I do not believe it until you say that thing in the parking lot . jay what the hell be you babbling about ? all I know be we save you ass from some angry fuck dwarf and you promise we se ~.. ( to Silent Bob ) do not this crazy bitch promise we sex ? ( to bethany ) ... and now you be tell I that I be suppose to take you somewhere , and you do not even know where it be ? bethany ( beat ) do you believe in God ? jay ( horrify ) Holy shit - you be a jehovah 's Witness ! all the fine chick that come out of that place , and we gotta get the one Jesus freak ! ( to Silent Bob , get up ) let 's go ... bethany ( grab he sleeve ) no. wait ... jay ( pull back ) I will scream rape . bethany I can pay you . jay ( quickly sit back down ) pay ? bethany for be my guide . you be go to leave anyway ; all I be ask be to tag along and see where it lead . I will pay a hundred buck and all expense . jay ( think ; to Silent Bob ) I feel like I be han solo , and you be chewie , and she 's Ben kenobi , and we be in that fuck up bar . ( to bethany ) what about sex ? bethany no sex . jay alright , but let 's say we be catch in a situation where we have get like five minute to live , like a bomb or something be gonna go off - would you fuck we then ? bethany in that highly unlikely situation ? ( beat ) yeah , sure . jay yeah ? you slut . noonch . ( to Silent Bob ) what do you think ? Silent Bob shrug . jay stand up . jay alright . but I will drive . ext MAIN highway - night bethany 's car roar overhead , speed down the road , reving awfully loudly . int bethany's car - night the speedometer read ninety five . jay drive , eye glue to the road . happy as hell . Silent Bob smoke to he right . bethany sit pin against the back seat , wear a uncomfortable and dubious look . she struggle to lean forward . the engine still race . bethany ( yell over engine noise ) what gear be you in ? jay ( not look back ) gear ? ext highway - night jay , Silent Bob , and bethany sit on and against the car . the hood be open and smoke billow out . jay ( defensively ) well what do I know from shifting ?! like I ever drive before ! Silent Bob shrug and smoke . bethany walk away , shaking she head . jay chick . Silent Bob nod and extract a tool from he jacket . he begin work on the engine as a cross~ountry bus race by . int bus - night bartleby and loki sit in the back . bartleby read a map and loki stare at the gun in he lap . a couple make out in the seat in front of they . bartleby we have to pass through three more state to get to New Jersey : indianna , Ohio , and Pennsylvania . loki with a very important stop in Cleveland . bartleby oh right . the angel of death returns . sound like a bad movie . loki movie be bullshit . and do not start with I , airight . the last time you bugge I about my job , you get we sentence to life in Wisconsin . ( look out window ) all this time we have be down here , why do not we ever leave the cheese ? bartleby he say to stay where he put we . we fear worse punishment if we disobey him again . loki where be we afraid he would send we ? bartleby New Jersey . loki now that , my friend . be irony . bartleby ( beat ) you know , maybe you be wrong about this slaughter . how can you even be sure of what incur the Lord 's wrath this day ? Times change . remember when eat meat on Friday be suppose to be a hellworthy tresspass ? or when people be not even suppose to shop on Sunday ? loki that stuff be small potato . the major sin never change . and believe I - I can spot a commandment breaker a mile away . bartleby sure . loki you do not believe I ? ( look around ; eye fall on kissing couple ) there . there 's one . bartleby ( off couple ) so what ? they be kissing . loki adultery . bartleby that 's a stretch . how do you know they be not dating ? loki you would know better than I - let 's hear it . bartleby oh , I know the truth . but let 's see how bone up on the job you really be . loki a test ? bartleby of sort . so what 's you proof ? loki he 's wear a wedding band . bartleby so ? maybe that 's he wife . loki no marry man kiss he wife like that . you get marry and the passion die , man . do not you ever watch talk show ? bartleby what be you talk about ? loki a guy make he best play when woo . when the object of he desire be win , there 's no need to expend the effort anymore . he relax , satisfied with the spoil of victory , which he then decide be not so victorious because he 's saddle with a life-mate . bartleby very romantic sentiment . loki that 's the problem - romance . you think about it : back in the old day , nobody get marry out of quote , unquote , love . people marry for property ' , dowry , or to procreate - to immortalize oneself through offspring . when do all this love stuff start ? what the hell happen to the status quo ? bartleby the troubador . loki lionel richie 's old group ? bartleby no , that 's the commodore . the troubador be wander minstrel and dramatist that sing melodramatic and sappy song of undy love . loki sound like the commodore . bartleby the troubador make ' love ' fashionable . and they influence alter the balance in a significant fashion . until they , people get marry because they have to . after they , people start ' fall in love ' . romantic courtship become the norm . what start out as simple entertainment make such a dramatic impact as to forever alter the way society operate . loki that 's human being for you - easily misl . from the Garden of eden to the ' thigh master ' - thev believe what they be tell . I be tell you - one day they be all go to watch one too many John Hughes flick and start look for shermer , Illinois . bartleby be fair . human be dumb , but not that dumb . ( off couple ) so be it adultery or not ? loki ( think ; to couple ) Excuse I . the couple stop kissing . the man look at loki . loki be you marry ? man ( puzzle ) why ? loki just curious . man ( hold up ring finger ) what do you think ? the man shake he head and go back to kissing . bartleby offer loki a " satisfle ? ' expression . loki tap the man on the shoulder . man ( break kiss ; piss ) what ?! loki to she ? man what ? loki be you marry to she ? man not that it 's any of you fuck business , but no ! why ?! loki look at bartleby . bartleby roll he eye . loki calmly shoot the man in the head . scream ensue . ext highway - night the bus skid to a halt . people flock off in a panic. scatter . after a beat , bartleby and loki deboard and stand there alone . bartleby you be such a asshole . loki do not blame I , man . blame the commodore . bartleby troubador . ext roadside of highway - dawn Silent Bob still tool around under the hood , jay hand he various wrench . bethany steam off to the side . jay ( to Silent Bob ) she 's piss , dude . she will never fuck we now . well , maybe you , but definitely not I . ( beat ) let I know how she be . bethany ( turn on he ) nobody be fuck I ! you get that ?! jay at least not in this car . bethany ( sigh ) I be sorry I drag you to that diner . I do not know what I be think . but be that I have decide to go home and not to New Jersey , this be where you two get off . jay you be break up with we ? bethany good luck with find Molly ringwald , or whoever it be vou be look for . sorry for the inconvenience . good bye . bethany start walk away . jay stare at she , shocked . jay ( to bethany ) who the hell do you think you be , lady ? you can not go around break people 's heart like that ! we fall in love with you ! guy like we do not just fall out of the sky , you know ! on cue , a naked black man fall from the sky . landing between the two party . bethany and jay stare at he . the man be face down , sooty , and ashen - as if he 's just be in a fire . bethany drop to she knee and roll he over , feel for a pulse . jay look down , then look skyward as Silent Bob join he . jay ( yell up ) a beautiful , naked woman do not just fall from the sky , you know ?! ( beat ; to Silent Bob ) be worth a try . Silent Bob nod . bethany press she ear to the man 's chest . bethany no heartbeat . jay do you think he fall from a plane ? like ' alive ' ? do you ever see that flick ? bethany ( start cpr'ing he ) I think there would have be more of a mess if he fall from that high . man not necessarily . bethany , jay , and Silent Bob leap back . the man sit up and rub he face . jay kill it !! kill it !! man that sound familiar . bethany Jesus , be you okay ? man rufus . and yes , I be fine . jay he 's the fuckin ' undead !! cut he head off !! rufus ( get up with bethany 's help ) what happen to you car ? you clock ninety in first gear or something ? jay mind you own fuck business ! rufus ( to jay ) listen , goldie-locks , what I just do be not easy and it ga\e I a fuck migraine . now if you do not pipe down , I be go to rip you ball off . jay ( hide behind Silent Bob ) I know it ! mother fucker want to eat my brain ! bethany I think he be aim a bit further south . ( to rufus ) speak of which , you be awfully nude - rufus , be it ? rufus rufus it be , miss . ( to Silent Bob ) hey , tubby ... how 's about lend a brother you coat ' till I can find my own thread ? jay look at Silent Bob . jay dude , he fall out of thin air ! Silent Bob shrug and pass he coat to rufus . jay bug . jay dude , he dick be gonna be rub all over the inside of you armor ! rufus ( to Silent Bob ) I will do my best to tuck it back , brother . Silent Bob nod . something oc catch he eye . he stare oc and exit . bethany where exactly do you fall from ? rufus some might say grace . jay ( to Silent Bob ) dude , he 's talk about you mom . jay turn to see that Silent Bob be not there . Silent Bob peer at a large bush at the road side . the bush rustle slightly . oc bethany you know , normally I would have a hard time with this , but somehow you fall out of the sky seem to go hand in glove with some of the other stuff I have be deai with . oc rufus believe I - you be not see nothing yet . Silent Bob peer closer at the bush . suddenly - a stygian triplet leap out at he , pin he to the ground with he hockey stick . the other two triplet leap on top of jay and bethany rufus grab the one off bethany and hurl he to the side . jay manage to reach into he jacket and pull out a copy of penthouse . he roll it up and start beat the kid in the head with it . Silent Bob get he hand under the stick that pin he and push it up hard , into the triplet 's forhead , knock he off . he rush to jay 's side and ply the other triplet from he throat , hurl he oc . the triplet Silent Bob fight ' puncture ' the air with he stick and rip downward , create a ' hole ' . he grab he friend and leap into it , disappear . jay and Silent Bob look at eachother , blink , and embrace passionately . the triplet that rufus throw rush rufus from behind - hockey stick in lancing position . without look back , rufus reach behind himself , grab the stick and swinging it ( and the triplet ) over he head in a arch , let go . the last triplet go sailing through the ' hole ' , and it seal shut . bethany , jay and Silent Bob be in various wide - eye state of shock . jay alright - what 's with you , lady ?! that 's the second time you get attack by the fuck mighty duck ! rufus ( wiping off hand ) man , they be onto you bad , already . I get here just in time . bethany how can you be so compose ? we be almost kill . rufus death be a worry of the live . the dead only worry about decay and necrophiliacs . jay see ! I tell you he be the undead ! ru fus not the undead , the dead . I die . Christ tell I the secret to resurrection once when we be at a wedding in canna , but I get drunk and forget it . bethany ( incredulous ) wait. wait , wait - Christ ? you know Christ ? rufus knew he ? I see he naked . bethany let I guess - you be another angel ? rufus no , I be a man - just like you and he . ( look at jay ) well , maybe not like he . at least I be a man . be dead for nearly two thousand year . here . ( pull roll up paper from behind he ear ) jay no wonder he see Jesus - homey 's rockin ' the ganj . bethany ( unrollingit ) it 's not a joint . ( look at it ) I can not read this . rufus it 's sanskiit . it say " rufus - see you in two year . Jesus . " freak I out because he basically tell I when my number be up . take the flavor out of the remain year . look , we gotta keep move . if we stay in one place long enough , that thing be liable to come back . what say we continue this discussion over something to eat ? bethany ( snap ) wait a second ! ( inhale deeply ) I be a rational woman , okay . all I want to know be where you , and that ... kid come from ?! rufus they come from Hell . I come from Heaven . ( walk away ) let 's start walk . jay walk ? do you know how far we be from anywhere ? rufus back in the old day with j.c. , we walk everywhere . do you ever hear of a fat apostle ? ( exit ) bethany look to jay and Silent Bob for some guidance or stability . jay what 's a apostle ? bethany shake she head and exit . jay and Silent Bob shrug at each other . ext mooby corp . build - dawn a large office building in downtown Cleveland . the city . have not start up yet . a pickup truck pull curbside in front of the structure . bartleby and loki jump out of the back and pat the side of the truck . offer wave thank - you 's to the driver . as the truck pull away , loki pull out the article and look at it . he look up at the building and nod to bartleby , smile . they head toward the front door . int qualnt suburban house - dawn a ringing phone be answer by the unseen figure in the chair . we move from the seat figure , pass by the dead body of the home 's original owner , and come to a stop on the bruise and wear stygian triplet seat on a couch . they look scared . figure hello ?... no , they be not in right now ... I be the phone guy ... I will leave they a message ... bye . the figure hang up the phone and rise . figure you say the girl have already meet the prophet ? the stygian triplet nod . figure she grow closer to learn she true identity . if that happen , we plan be jeopardize . I can not afford to go into the field - that might compromise we further . the best course of action be to insure that we parcel be not find . and be that I can not even trust you enough to kill a girl , I be leave with no choice but to seek outside assistance in guard we package . ( sigh ) I be go to have to summon the golgothan . the figure exit . the stygian triplet register shock . ext fast food joint - dawn rufus - now wear some funky new clothes - carry a tray of fast food to a outdoor table . sitting already be bethany , jay , and Silent Bob . rufus ( off new clothes ) it 's amazing the shit people throw out . do not I tell you I would find some thread ? a car full of teens whip past they . teen ( yell from pass car ) garbage picker ! rufus ( wave to they ) thank you . ( to group ) what 's that mean ? jay it mean they see you pull that shit out of that dumpster . rufus so it 's a good thing , then . ( hand coat back to Silent Bob ) I appreciate the loan , brother . you can have this back . jay ( to Silent Bob ) lucky you . rufus ( off food ) damn , I remember when all we use to have for breakfast be fish and goat 's milk . what do you call this shit ? bethany ( to rufus ) Egg McMuffin . now how about you start explain some thing to I . rufus like what ? bethany like - for starter - who the hell be that kid that keep attack I ? rufus nasty little bastard call the stygian triplet . they be not really related . when they be alive they be a trio of kid that snatch a neighbor 's toddler and smashed it 's skull in - " just to see what it look like " I believe be they defense . they be kill in a car wreck on the way to a detention center . bethany so they be dead too ? rufus you would be surprised how many dead people be just walk around - we be stubborn bastard . thing be , that kid be suppose to be in Hell . which mean that someone want you out of the picture so badly they be willing to summon demon . bethany be it that two angel I be suppose to stop ? rufus could not be . they be not evil - they be just stupid . jay ( to bethany ) wait a minute - be you go to listen to this shit ? we do not even know who this guy be . for all you know , he 's in with that fuck . they both show up at the same time . bethany I hate to say it - but he do have a point . how do you know where to find we ? rufus you know what the dead do with most of they time ? they watch the live . especially in the shower . jay ( to Silent Bob ) I can not wait to die . bethany and why be you watch I ? rufus because you be the one who 's go to help I get some change make in that book you all hold so much stock in . jay hustler ? rufus the Bible . bethany what 's you beef with the Bible ? rufus I be not in it . jay neither be any of we , but you do not hear we bitching . rufus but I be suppose to be in it . I be the Thirteenth Apostle . bethany I have be go to church my entire life and I have never hear of a thirteenth apostle name rufus . rufus see ? you know all about the other twelve apostle - white boy , I might add . but no mention of rufus . and why ? Cause I be a black man . but that 's just my pet peeve . I mainly want to correct a major error that you people be base a faith on . bethany what 's that ? rufus Jesus be not white ; he be black . rufus bite into he sandwhich . bethany , jay and Silent Bob look at he and then each other . jay bullshit . I have see picture of Jesus , and he have blonde hair and blue eye . rufus ( wiping hand ) that 's what 's particularly insulting . between the time when he establish the faith and the church start to officially organize , the power - that - be decide that while the message of Christ be integral , the fact that he be black be a detriment . so all renderings be order to be eurocentric , even though the brother be blacker than jesse . bethany if that 's true , then why would he get write about while you be leave out ? rufus well he be the Son of God , right ? it 's kind of hard to have the New Testament without he . so you fudge a few fact and put a spin on his ethnicity . leave I out 's okay because there 's still twelve apostle to choose from . jay I do not buy it . rufus that 's what the good people of Antioch be say when they stone my ass . bethany you be martyre ? rufus that 's one way of put it . another way be to say I be bludgeon to shit by big rock . see - Christ tell we apostle to go out into the world and spread his word . Antioch be already garner a big Christian follow , so I get send there . and be a big hit . they love hearing about Jesus ' message , and how he be the redeemer . but when I mention he be black , the whole town turn on I - call I a liar and shit . I press the point , and before I know it , I be wear stone - although not to accessonze . beth any why do not you just let the point go when you see how they be reacting ? rufus because it 's part of the fact . White folk only want to hear the good shit : life eternal , a place in God 's kingdom . as soon as they hear they be get all this from a black Jesus , they freak . and that - my friend - be call hypocrisy . folk just can not accept a black savior . ( to Silent Bob ) you go to eat that hash brown ? bethany so you go to Heaven ? rufus shit yeah ; it be the least the brother could do . I give up my sheep and follow his ass around Jerusalem for three year . and in all that time , do I ever get laid ? Hell no ! but I do not bitch , because I be into his message . and while the message be what count , folk should know that he be black . that 's why I be go to help you find stop that angel from get to that church in exchange for you help I with my campaign . bethany how do you know about that ? rufus Heaven 's a pretty boring place , and anything that break the tedium be news . the unmake of existence be what you might consider a great tediumbreaker . besides , there be not much I do not know about you . bethany I find that hard to believe . rufus when you be five you let a kid from next door piss on you hand . jay ( shocked ) you do that ? bethany yeah ... but I never tell anyone about it . rufus neither do he . he die of leukemia two year later . his name be ... bethany ... bryanjohnson . rufus you exploit - no matter how inane - be well - know in Heaven . probably in Hell , too . bethany rub she temple and exit oc . rufus watch she go . jay ( intrigue ) tell I something about I . rufus ( preoccupy with the oc bethany ) you masturbate more than anybody else on the planet . jay shit , everyone know that . tell I something nobody know . rufus you think about guy when you do it . rufus get up and exit . Silent Bob look at jay , shocked . jay not all the time ! bethany sit on a swing in the kiddie-jungle gym , shaking she head . rufus join she . rufus I be sorty if I spook you . bethany I just feel ... violate . like my life be not mine exclusively . rufus that 's the way it go with celebrity . bethany what be you talk about ? I be a nobody . I be just a quiet girl from the suburb who counsels pregnant teens . rufus you sound like Christ . he have the same reaction when he find out who he be , minus the quiet girl from the ' burb angle . and like him , I be sure you will come to term and do what you be suppose to . bethany why not get the pope or someone holy like that ? rufus just because a guy wear a funny hat , do not make he the right man for the job . only certain hand can deliver the world from the brink of destruction . last time it be Jesus - this time it 's you . bethany why I ? rufus can not say yet . but the question be - be you hand capable enough to carry the burden . it all ride on you . bftrany ( rub she temple ) two third of I want to forget about this and go home . you know , yesterday I be not sure God even exist . and now I be upto my ass in Christian mythology . rufus God hate it when it 's refer to as mythology . bfthany well then let 's ask the quote , unquote ' prophet ' what we should call it instead . ( look oc ; concerned ) now where do that two asshole go ? int strip joint it 's you typical strip club . one woman on a stage and a crowd of man pay way- too- much attention . the place be dimly light with red light and chock full of smoke . off to one side , a dee - jay spin record , blast the music . the crowd be rather thin . jay and Silent Bob sit at the stage . they eye glue on ... the dancer - a gorgeous , shapely vixen with very little clothing on , and grow littler by the second . jay poke Silent Bob , who produce a wad of bill . they skim off a nice pile and stow the rest . they spread they pile neatly on the bar . the dancer smile and start dance toward they . jay hold up a five - spot and perform he own little seductive dance ~th it . he stand at the edge of the stage , n'rate . the dancer slink over and jay stuff the five in she g-string . she rub he head and slink away . jay hump Silent Bob 's chair , excitedly . bethany and rufus come up from behind they . bethany hit jay . bethany ( shouting above the music ) what be you do ? jay prove to this bastard that I be not gay . bethany what ? rufus Long story - forget it . but we should get move . how can we get to New Jersey ? bethany I have a car . she slap jay upside the head , but - rivete by the dancer - he do not feel it . bethany ( to rufus ) we could go by train . rufus ( look oc ) sound cool . bethany there 's a phone out there . I will call for reservation . rufus be now also rivete by a table dancer off to the side . bethany no , it 's okay . I can handle it . rufus half - nod . bethany shake she head and exit . the dancer gyrate on the stage , revealing more and more of herself . jay pound on the stage , hoot , and dance , flash more bill . across the stage a small gang of bandanna- wear , angry - look black watch the oc jay with little amusement . the dancer dance toward they . jay ( bang on stage ) sweet thing ! ( hashes another five ) look what I find ! snoog ! the dancer smile as she approach jay , but be interrupt by more bang . the gang leader have he foot on the stage . he produce a ten dollar bill from he jacket and casually hold it up . the other three member of he posse smile and slap hand . the dancer shrug at the shocked jay and change direction , head toward the gang . jay cast a horrify look at Silent Bob . the gang leader lean forward , prepare to tip when we hear a obnoxiously loud throat . jay hold aloft a twenty , smile and nodd . the dancer shrug at the gang leader and again switch direction . the gang leader look at he posse , who shake they head at he , disappointedly . the stage become a bid table , as - on one side - the gang leader produce two twenty . on the other side , jay - stare at the gang leader - produce three twenty . the gang leader hit he posse up for more cash . jay hit Silent Bob up for more cash . the dancer stay in the middle , gyrate and size up the best offer . jay then produce the creme 'de ia creme ' : three hundred dollar bill . he sneer at the oc gang leader . the dancer head over to jay and wrap she leg around he from the stage , gyrate against he groin . jay stare at the gang leader , a victorious smirk on he face . the gang leader shake he head angrily and jump out of he seat , produce a gun from he jacket . he fire into the ceiling . the music scratch to a halt and the other viewer scatter toward the door . the gang leader point he piece at jay , he posse back he up . gang leader you a smart ass , ain'tcha , white boy ? come in here and ruin my good time . jay it 's a free country . the bitch just come to the man with the most . dancer bitch ? jay no offense , baby . gang leader the bitch be gonna be leave with the man with the most - the man with the most lead in he piece . while you and tubby be leave with the most lead in you dead fuck carcass , know what I be sayin ? jay ( to dancer ) step to the side , baby . I have gotta slap this pussyass , nino Brown wanna - be down . dancer ( to gang leader ) come on , kane . this be not necessary . gang leader shut the fuck up and back away from the midget ! the dancer move to the side . gang leader ( to jay ) now I believe you be about to apologize . I believe you be about to intone some plea for mercy . you be about to say " please , mister kane , I do not mean to disrespect you in you club . please accept my most humble apology . bethany come back and see the mess . she move to rush to jay 's side , but rufus hold she back a oc jay laugh . jay lean on Silent Bob , laugh . the gang stare back , angrily . jay you want a apology ? gang leader ( cock gun ) give I at least one " I be sorry , " and ltll put a kill shot through that thick fuck skull of you 's . otherwise we go slow and long in the pain dispensation . jay ( beat ; zip jacket close ) know what I be do ? gang leader no . what you do ? jay I be close my jacket , so that when we start this up , I do not get you filthy fuck brain gut all over my shirt . you know why ? gang leader why ? jay because you can not get shit stain out of flannel . what I be say be that you get shit for brain . the gang leader and he posse stare silently for a moment . gang leader well I appreciate you break that down for I , but I get it without the explanation . jay no . no , I do not think you do get it . see , there 's gonna he some nine 's fire in here , and when the bullet stop flyin' , you cunt - lip ass be gonna be all hole and smoke . you think you can draw on I and walk away ? fuck that . and fuck you - you punk - ass monkey bitch ! yeah , I call you a monkey ! maybe if you kiss my dick all nice before I cap you , I will bring a coconut to you funeral and lay it on you grave ; stick a straw through it and stick the other end in the ground . you lip will reach . the gang stare , mystify . rufus and bethany can not move they be so frighten . jay you think every white boy cower at you ass ? shit , if I do not fuck plant you - watermelon - my muscle here will . ( thumb at Silent Bob ) what do you think he be ? my boy friend ? I love chick . so he 's gotta be with I for one reason : to watch my back . Silent Bob do not talk in word - he speak in bullet . re 's all quiet cause he 's think about how he 's gonna take you and you bitch out quick enough to piss on the bullet in you body before they cool down . you know why ? because he like to see the hot steam come off they when he spray they down . come to think of it , I ~m tired of talk to you dumb ass ; you probably do not even understand big word like ' piss ' . tell you what - I will let he explain it to you . ( to Silent Bob ) Silent Bob - shoot this punk -monkey bitch . Silent Bob slowly raise he hand in a surrender fashion . jay look at he . jay what be you wait for ?! Silent Bob shrug . jay ( flabbergasted ) you don't rave a gun ?!? Silent Bob kind of nod jay ( shocked ) what the fuck do you mean ? all this time we've be together , and you don't have a gun ?!? Silent Bob indicate the negative , sheepishly . jay that's just fucking great ! do you think I would 've say all that if i'd known you didn't have a gun ?!? ( beat ) hunhh ?!? Silent Bob raise he eyebrow remorsefully . the gang snicker and smile . gang leader what be that about a coconut ? jay shake he head and glower at Silent Bob . jay no gun ! what the fuck kind of muscle be you ?! all this time and you get no gun ! gang leader oh boy ! we have some unfinish business here . jay ( sheepishly ) can we talk this over ? gang leader tell you what - you get thirty second . then I cap you . talk all you like . bethany go to make a move , but rufus hold she back , shaking he head . he put a finger to he lip to quiet she and point back toward the action , smile . jay fume . jay ( to Silent Bob ) I can not believe you . ( to gang leader ) do I a favor . ( point to Silent Bob ) shoot this piece of shit first . ( to Silent Bob ; disgust ) no gun ! suddenly , they both snap into a momentary trance . zombie-like , jay and Silent Bob step to the turntable behind they . jay put on headphone and begin scratch a record . a familiar tune begin . the gang watch , perplex . Silent Bob whip around , microphone in he hand , and begin to sing . silent bob hey , hey , hey !!! it's fat albert ! and i'm gonna sing a song for you !! and bill gonna tell you a thing or two !! we'll have some fun , now ! with bill and all the gang ! learning from each other - while we do our thang ! the gang slowly go from perplexity to enjoyment . the gang leader soften and smile , add a slight nod of approval . jay provide back -up . jay na , na , na ! gon na have a good time ! silent bob ( as fat Albert ) hey ! hey ! hey ! jay na . na . na ! gonna have a good time ! bethany and rufus look on . amaze . rufus I think she look familiar . bethany who ? rufus ( he nod toward the stage ) serendipity . bethany look to the stage . the dancer be the serendipity in question . she wipe sweat from she brow . int . mooby corp . boardroom - day oh , this be not you standard boardroom ; this be mooby Corp. , home of mooby , the Golden calf - which can only be describe as a bovine variation on barney : sickeningly simple and very non-threatening . a large table sit in the middle , a media center behind the huge chair at the head . the wall be adorn with frame poster of mooby , play with kid , mouth agape in a stupid smile . at the center of the table be a large , gold plate statue of the insipid creature . Doors open and the boardroom fill with suit - six man , one woman . they chatter and take they seat . after a beat , whitland , the ceo , enter , take he place at the head of the conference table . whitland good morning , shopper . ( slap a file on table ) have anyone see the over - night 's ? a anticipatory hush fill the room . whitland we cream them . a cheer and applause go up from the group . whitland smile . whitland ( read from file ) and last night be a rerun , which say to I that with the six month we have to ready and promote the ' very nlooby Christmas ' pay-per-view special , we can produce history - make number . the record be hold by that shock -jock 's New Year 's thing , but I see no reason why we little cash cow can not supercede that number and ... ( stop and sniff the air ) do I smell onion ? bartleby and loki sit behind the thrall on a black leather couch . loki be carve something out of a onion , while bartleby look on . whitland and the rest of the board stare at they . whitland I do not realize we have guest . who be this gentleman with ? the other suit shrug and look to one another for a answer nobody have . whitland ( to bartleby and loki ) Excuse I . loki continue carve . bartleby look at he friend and shake he head . loki lift he head without look up . loki ( very distract ) hmm ? whitland May I ask what you be do in my boardroom ? loki ( still preoccupy ) my friend just have a few word for you , and then we will be on we way . head to Jersey , you see . now - by the decor , I assume I be guess correctly that this be the corporate headquarters for mooby production International ? whitland you guess correctly . now , may I ask who the fuck you be and - again - what the fuck you be do in we conference room ? loki ( to bartleby , still not look up ) you may proceed , mon ami ' . bartleby I can not believe you . ( to whitland ) I just want to start off by apologize . my friend here have a penchant toward the dramatic , so he 's make I do this . usually , I do not even involve myself in he affair , but he have not do this in awhile , so he want ... loki ( frustrated ) just read them they rights already . bartleby ( sigh ; circle the table ) mooby , the Golden calf . created by Nancy goidruff -a former kindergarten teacher - in nineteen eighty nine to fill a gap in the Saturday morning schedule on local network k- rel buy by the complex Corporation in nineteen ninety one and broadcast nationally as the ' the mooby fun- time hour ' , it pick up a large follow of child , age three to eight , and spawn sixteen record , two theatrical film , eight prime - time special , a library of priced - to - own video cassettes , and bicoastal theme park dub ' moobyworld ' . ( beat ) do I miss anything ? whitland and company stare for a beat . whitland you forget ' mooby Magazine ' . be there a point to this ? bartleby ( grimly ) you and you board be idolator . whitland and company stare dumbfounded . loki finish carve and stand beside bartleby . loki ( to bartleby ) how could you forget the magazine ? bartleby roll he eye . loki turn to the whitland and hold up the sculpture . loki it 's you . ( set sculpture on table ) do you know much about voo-doo ? fascinating practice , very close to Satanism , but not really much of a religion - no doctrine of faith . just a arrangement of superstition , the most well - know of which be the voo-doo doll . ( sneeze ; wait ; continue ) a mock - up of a individual be subject to various poke and prod , and the desire result be that the individual will feel the effect . whitland ( to nearest board member ) call security - now . loki throw the knife at the table , sever the phone cord . loki all line be currently down . bartleby ( to whitland ) again -. I apologize for my friend 's ... loki ( frustrated ) would you just get on with it ?! bartleby ( miff ; to whitland ) you be responsible for raise a icon that draw worship from the Lord . you have break the first commandment , but more than that , I be afraid none of you pass for a decent human be . you continue existence be a mockery of morality . ( look to loki ; loki nod ) like you - mister Bernard . ( stand behind board member ) last year you cheat on you wife of seventeen year , eight time - twice with prostitute . you even have sex with she best friend while she be at she garden club meeting and you be suppose to be watch you kid . loki in the bed you and you wife share , no less . the board member stare in disbelief . loki nod to bartleby and he move on . bartlby and you , mister Newman . loki sift through compact disc . he pull out one entitle ' mooby mania ' and pop it into a player . a simple child 's song echoe through the room . bartleby you get you girlfriend drunk at last year 's Christmas party , and then pay a kid from the mailroom to have sex with she while she be pass out , just so you could break up with she - guilt free - when she sobbingly confess the next morning that she cheat on you . she kill herself three month later . you send flower to she wake . the board member 's face be freeze . bartleby shake he head and move quickly around the table . bartleby ( not like he job ) mister pereira disown he gay son ; mister turran put he mother in a third - rate nursing home and use the profit from the sale of she house to purchase a oriental rug for himself ; mister barker fly to the phillipine on the company account to have sex with a eleven year old boy ; mister Bloom okay the production of mooby doll from what he know be unsafe and toxic material because it be less costly . bartleby stop at the female board member and look at she , relieved . bartleby you , on the other hand , be a innocent . you lead a good life and have never misus you power here . she stare at bartleby . loki pat she on the back and urge bartleby on . bartleby but you , mister whitland . you have more skeleton in you closet than this assemble party . I can not even mention they aloud . bartleby lean over and whisper something unheard into whitland 's ear . whitland go green . bartleby step back . loki stand beside whitland . loki you be she father , you sick fuck . whitland begin sobbing . bartleby ( to loki ) can I go now ? loki ( cheerily rub he head ) go on , you crazy kid . bartlebv exit . loki turn menacingly on the other . loki with the exception of miss pryce , there be not a decent human be amongst you . do you know what make a human be decent ? ( beat ) fear . and therein lie the problem . none of you have anything to fear anymore . you rest comfortably in seat of inscrutable power , hide behind you false idol , far from judgement - life shroud in secrecy even from one another . but not from God . loki go to exit but pause . he turn around . loki I forget my little voo-doo doll . ( look at whitland ) wow . it really do look just like you . maybe , if I believe enough ... loki begin moan menacingly , slowly wave a open palm over the figure . whitland look at it horrify , then at loki , then back at the figure . he sweat and shift in he seat - eye pin on the figure . loki let out a shriek and smashes the figure with he fist . whitland freeze , eye close . slowly , he open he eye - unharme . loki I do not believe in voo-doo . loki swiftly exit . the board member sit in awed silence . then the door burst open and loki storm back in . loki but I do believe in this . gun blaze , he take out the male board member , include whitland , in a flurry of bullet . the remain female board member cover she head with she arm . loki hang he arm at he side and touch she hair . loki ( smile ) it 's okay . you have do nothing wrong . they be bad man . you be a pure soul . she look at he , terrify . he smile back . then he expression harden . loki but you do not say ' God bless you ' when I sneeze . he quickly put the gun to she head . she slam she eye shut . oc bartleby ( cautionary ) loki! loki freeze and look oc . he grimace and holster he piece . loki ( to woman ) sorry . Force of habit . he survey he handiwork and exit . the female board member slowly open she eye and look around . int strip joint - later jay and the gang leader sit together at a table , surround by the other gangster and Silent Bob . they laugh and chug they ' 40' . gang leader ( to gang ) watch this shit . ( to jay ) do it again , G. do the mush-mouth . jay ( swig he beer ; as ' mush - mouth ' ) hey-buh , fat-buh , Al -buh-bert . the gang laugh hysterically . gangster 1 fat Albert like a mother fucker and shit ! bethany , rufus , and serendipity huddle around a table further away . rufus ( elate ) I forget you be down here ! how long now ? serendipity Three year this August . what about you - be this another temporary expulsion ? you and you ' Christ be down ' campaign ? bethany what do that mean - another expulsion ? I think you come down here specifically to help I ? serendipity be that what he tell you ? rufus get throw out constantly ; at least once a month , ethereal time . they always bring he back , but only after a few day of peace and quiet - free from that black nationalist rhetoric . rufus ( joke ) artsy -fartsy bitch . serendipity who you call artsy - fartsy ? rufus ( to bethany ) serendipity here use to hang with we sometimes back in Jerusalem . bethany let I guess - the fourteenth apostle ; leave out of the bible because she 's a woman . rufus the girl 's not a woman . ( to serendipity ) no offense . bethany oh , that be not tit I see jay cozy up to ? serendipity ( tug on boob ) what , this ? you should know better than anyone at this table that tit do not make a woman . rufus Hell , the tubby , coat - wear mother fucker 's get tit - do not make he a woman . serendipity aside from a intuitive knack for accessorize , what traditionally define a woman fall between two thing : she leg . but as you can see ... serendipity stand and unbutton she jeans , drop they slightly , revealing yet another smooth , sexless crotch , quite like metatron 's . serendipity I lack definition . oc jay hey ! they be get a free show ! serendipity pull she pants back up and sit down , smile at the oc party . bethany ( weary ) oh God . another angel . like metatron . serendipity how do you know metatron ? ( to rufus ) how do she know metatron ? rufus this be the last scion . serendipity ( beat ) you be kid . rufus do not you see the resemblance ? serendipity ( stare at bethany ) a bit . ( suddenly nervous ) oh shit . if she 's be tapped , then something 's up . bethany I be confuse . rufus bethany , serendipity here be not technically a angel , nor be she by any mean a human be like I be and you be . serendipity amen to that . ( swig she beer and spit it out ) bethany then who be she ? serendipity not who - what . I have not always be part of the anthropomorphic club . I use to be a abstract . bethany now I be really lose . rufus serendipity 's a idea . serendipity try all idea . bethany meaning ? serendipity I be a muse , stupid . bethany stare at she for a beat , then at rufus . rufus nod affirmatively . bethany I can not take much more of this . ( downs she beer ) rufus ( to serendipity ) she 's now meet a seraphim , a dead man , and a muse . you can appreciate she frame of mind . bethany ( to serendipity ) so you - what - inspire people ? serendipity what just go down with you friend over there - you do not think they think of that themselves ? I know kane 's weak spot for fat Albert and pass it along to the boy . rufus if she have not intercede , they would be chalk line right now . bethany you make they sing that song ? serendipity I offer they a solution out of the hole they dig for themselves . thankfully , they take it . bethany be you kid ? that two be so dense , they would not get a good idea if it be give to they in a specially mark box . serendipity dense people be the most open to suggestion - it 's vou so - call intelligent folk that have a hard time accept a good idea . rufus ai not that the truth . bethany prove it . give I a good idea . serendipity if I do , and you accept it , then you will have confirmation that you be - as you say - dense . bethany ( beat ) alright . so you be a muse . so what kind of people do you inspire - besides stupid one ? serendipity I use to specialize in entertainment - literature , theatre , so forth . bethany movie ? serendipity in some case , I would do everything but bang starlet on the casting couch . bethany what have I see that you have be involved with ? serendipity off the top of my head - everything . well almost everything . for example : I be responsible for nine of the ten top gross film of all time . bethany nine ? serendipity the one about the kid , by himself in he house ; burglar try to get in and he fight they off ? ( bethany nod ) I have nothing to do with that one . somebody sell they soul to Satan to get the gross up on that piece of shit . rufus which bring we to the next logical question - what be you do stripping ? serendipity well you remember why I leave , right ? rufus you be tired of do all the work and get none of the credit for you idea . serendipity and sick of watch incapable people take brilliant inspiration and turn out real trash . ( to bethany ) so I opt to quit be a muse and write for myself . I give my two week notice . get a body , fifty buck , and get send out into the world to make my fortune . bethany so what happen ? serendipity writer 's block . rufus writer 's block ? serendipity can you believe it ? I - a muse , for God 's sake ! I sit down in front of the typewriter , and what do I get ? nothing . blank page . 1 can not even write a grocery list . bethany what about what you do with jay and Silent Bob ? you inspire they . serendipity that 's the cosmic joke . I can give out a zillion and nine idea a second , but I can not keep any for myself . her quirky sense of humor . bethany whose ? serendipity God 's . bethany you be say God 's a woman . serendipity be there ever a doubt in you mind ? bethany the possibility never present itself . he 's always refer to as a him . serendipity I do not write it that way my job stop at the idea stage . the person that hold the pen add they own perspective , and all the pen-holder be man . one of the drawback to be intangible be that you have no say in the editorial process . rufus another one 's that you can not jerk off . serendipity ( to bethany ) see. this be male - dominate time , the pharisees and High Priests feel threaten by the idea of a woman lording over they and control they fate . so they make sure that she become a he do not stop with God - the whole book be slant and gender - biased : a woman 's responsible for the first sin , the fall of man , and the expulsion from eden . a woman cut sampson 's coif of power , a woman ask for the head of John the Baptist . read that book again some time - woman be paint as bigger antagonist than the fuck egyptian and Roman combine . bethany ( stunne ) God be a woman ... serendipity I do not know what the big surprise be - woman be the only gender that can create life , just like God create the universe . who else but a mother could have the infinite patience with impudent child that God have with humanity . a woman can give birth to and nurture both sex , so psychologist theorize that woman be the only gender both sex can feel completely comfortable with ; and the faithful - both male and female - feel at ease with God . in time of trial , we first instinct be to implore the aid of the almighty , just as when you be a child , the only person who can make it all better be ... bethany ...mom . God , it make sense . rufus ( to serendipity ) shit , you still have a knack for word . serendipity not really useful in my new line of work . rufus what about that ? why would you choose stripping ? serendipity in a effort to create something artistic that I could claim as my own . see , I have be able to fool myself into think this be not stripping , it 's dance ; and at least dance be artistic . but she will not even give I that much - the way God design dance , it 's the only creative act which result in no tangible product . unlike painting , poem , movie or most other art form . when the dance be over , there 's nothing to show for it - nothing to save and enjoy ... or sell . ( take a drink ) believe I , the irony be not lose on this muse . rufus how long be you go to keep this up ? serendipity believe I , I think about eat crow and go back to the grind from time to time . but I would hate to give her the satisfaction of my play the prodigal . and it suck because I can not stand be flesh anymore - especially this halfway crap . not only do I have to take care of the aesthetic - the shower , the haircutte , the pit-shave - but I can not take advantage of the benefit - like get laid or use my period as a excuse not to get laid ... ( conspiratorily to bethany ) ... the only true boon to have a period , from what I understand . rlffl well we could sure use you help . we need someone with good idea . you remember a couple of angel name loki and bartleby ? serendipity sure - the angel of death and he squeamish pal with a conscience . rufus they find a way back . serendipity ( shocked ) God no . not the plenary indulgence loop hole ? bethany you know about that ? serendipity I always know that thing be a bad idea . leave it to the Catholic to destroy existence . rufus bethany 's Catholic . serendipity my condolence . bethany what do you have against Catholic ? serendipity ever be to a Catholic mass ? bethany once or twice . serendipity it 's like bad sex - up , down , up , down , kneel , leave . and the whole time you would rather be watch t.v. you people do not celebrate you faith - you mourn it . bethany so if we be so wrong , then what 's the right religion ? serendipity when be you people go to learn ? it 's not about right or wrong - it 's a question of faith . it do not matter what you believe in - just that you believe . jay and Silent Bob join they , wear bandannas . jay look ! they make I and Silent Bob part of the gang ! suddenly , the door behind they blast open , pour light into the onc~im room . a huge figure stand in the doorway , backlit and act as a sepia filter - the light and vapor surround he be brown . figure ( deep , gutteral hiss ) not bear ... shit into existence . we group stare at the oc brute . jay sniff the air . jay who farted ? serendipity sweet Christ , someone want you bad . bethany what do you mean ? what 's that smell ? rufus do not tell I that 's who I think it be . serendipi th the stench should say it all . bethany who the hell be it ?! serendipity a excremental - the golgothan . bethany a what ? rufus a shit -demon . the golgothan move slowly from the door , toward the group . no-man no ... man. ..of ...woman.. bear ... the gang join the other . they hold and cover they nose . gang leader ( to jay ; load he piece ) friend of you 's ? jay ( to group ) be this smelly fuck with we ? rufus he 's come for bethany . jay ( to gang leader ) smoke that mother fucker like it be not no thang ! gang leader I know I would get to wax someone today . represent ! the gang charge oc , gun blaze , while we hold on the group . suddenly , the room be fill with scream and wet , slurpy noise . the group go from stare wide - eye , to shield themselves . the noise stop and jay and Silent Bob look up . the gang lay about noman in trash , dead position . they be cover in murky , creamy crap - they wide , white eye freeze in horror . noman scoops a finger - full of muck off the leader and eat it , smile . we heroes start back up slowly , as to not be notice . jay ( to Silent Bob ) I guess we be in charge of the gang now . bethany what the fuck happen ?!? serendipity go for the bar . we might have a few second - he short - term memory 's for shit . jay so 's the rest of he . rufus no chance of take he down ? serendipity gee . I do not know . let 's ask the gangstas . rufus you be right ; let 's book . they dash . noman snap to attention and throw it 's arm at they , launching a huge glob of shit through the air . jay ( run ; see it come ) shit !!! everyone leap behind the bar . the shit fly over they and slam against the mirror above . immediately , it stretch - blob-like - over the entire frame , and burn in a acidic fashion . jay stare , horrify . jay now that ... be some powerful shit . serendipity pull at the floor , yanking open a door . serendipity Quick ! get in ! bethany , rufus , jay and Silent Bob leap into the darkness . serendipity follow , pull the door shut on top of they . int basement we heroes cower beneath the floor door . jay what be that thing ? serendipity you ever hear of golgotha ? bethany Skull place . the hill where Christ be crucify . serendipity ( peer above ) yeah , well it be not just Christ up there - the Roman crucify everybody on that hill . ahd Christ exclude , they be all criminal - killer , brigands , thief , rapist . and whenever the crucify expire , they body would naturally lose muscle control , spilling bowel and bladder in the process . and the result be that walk pile of crap up there : the golgothan shit - demon - Hell 's chief assassin . and he 's here for you , girlie . Silent Bob stare at a crack in the door . a milky drop of shit drip through it . bethany what be we do down here , then ?. any second now he will be blast through that door ! serendipity shit 's brainless . if we can sit tight for a couple of minute , he will forget what he come for . suddenly another drop fall . then another . then a steady stream . Silent Bob tap rufus and point . rufus react . rufus ( indicate trickle shit ) look like it 's be take memory training course ... serendipity ( off trickle ) jump !!! the five leap from they perch on the step , just as the door explode , dump a torrent of crap on the step . the body of muck morph into noman anew . noman lumber toward they . the group , attempt to gain they bearing on the floor , crawl backwards . noman pull a piece of himself off , roll it around in it 's hand . serendipity if anybody still remember any prayer , I suggest you start whipping they out . Silent Bob stare wide - eye up at the approach demon . and then , something occur to he . he stop back up and stand . the other continue move back . bethany Bob , get down ! jay ! jay ( to Silent Bob ) you tubby retard ! get you ass back on the floor ! Silent Bob stand like a statue in the golgothan 's path . the demon snarl a smile , move ever closer . Silent Bob reach into he coat and pull a small canister out . he point it at the beast . a mist shoot out into the face of the golgothan . it pause , look confuse . the shitball in it 's hand drop to the floor , and then so do it . bethany , rufus , serendipity , and jay climb to they foot and crowd around Silent Bob . they look to the fall , unconscious behemoeth , then to Silent Bob . bethany ( off Bob 's canister ) what be that ? Silent Bob hold the can out to they : it 's a small , trial size can of glade Air freshener . jay look at it , then at Silent Bob . bethany ( read can ) ' knock strong odor out . ' rufus Way to go . tubby . bethany why would you ever carr this ? jay fart . Silent Bob spray the freshener at he ass . the other look at jay . jay what ?! rufus ( to serendipity ) who have dominion over this thing ? serendipity only lucifer can order a kill . but something do not make sense : this thing never travel alone - with it 's intelligence level , lucifer would never allow it . it usually have some kind of backup . rufus can you get some answer ? serendipity I can give it a shot . bethany what 's go on ? rufus serendipity 's go to talk to that demon . jay cool ! can we watch ? serendipity not a good idea . demon 's can wreak havoc on the weak -mind . jay fuck you - weak -mind ! I and Silent Bob can talk to he in he own language ! see ...? ( make the universal metal sign ) he would understand this . serendipity ( shake she head ; to rufus ) whoever send this might send mor~ . I suggest you take the princess and get as far away as possible . ( to bethany ) I will do what I can to extract some info from shit - boy here . if there 's anything helpful . I will get it to you somehow . bethany ( hug she ) thank you . and ... you be a great dancer . serendipity I be a better juggler . ( to jay and Silent Bob ) you know you be suppose to be prophet . right ? start act like prophet . you should have see that thing come . jay ( to bethany ) why the hell be we get yell at ?! serendipity just watch out for bethany . go. bethany lead jay and Silent Bob up the stair . jay ( to Silent Bob ) man , bitch think just ' cause she 's good - look , she can tell we what to do . bethany she tell I that if you behave , she will give you head . jay ( excited ) yeah ?. bethany oh , a demon'd have a field day with you . serendipity and rufus watch they disappear up the step . oc jay ( beat ) shut up . oc bethany you shut up . serendipity ( to rufus ) Nice girl . rufus come from good stock . serendipity you have not tell she yet ? rufus not the right time . serendipity how uncanny be the resemblance ? that eve , the lip ... rufus the nail . serendipity look at rufus . he smile . she hit he , laugh . he crack up . serendipity blasphemer . then , the oc golgothan make a groggy , grumble noise . serendipity shit . you would better go . I will take care of the trash . rufus ( hug she ) good luck . rufus run up the step . serendipity tunr on the golgothan . serendipity alright , stinky - let 's see what you know . ext church - day a suite man stand at a podium , address a small thrall of reporter . man and now , to speak on behalf of he holiness ' ' Catholicism - wow ! ' campaign , lady and gentleman of the press , I give you the drive force behind the movement - cardinal glick . the reporter clap as cardinal glick take to the podium . he strike one as more of a agent than a man of the cloth as he remove he Wayfarer . glick thank you , mister flanagan - one of this parish 's chief patron , who donate the stain - glass likeness of we Lady of gleeful misery that welcome you as you enter the church every Sunday . ( off index card ) lady and gentlemen of the press - few would deny that the Catholic Church have fall behind somewhat in the time . Catholicism usually strike the average person as a old - fashioned remedy for the ill - both moral and psychological - of a society that have since leave it 's stringent rule and ornate ritual on the heap with 45 's and eight track cassettes . and in a effort to disprove that , the Church have appoint this year as a time of renewal , both of faith and of style . so , it be with great pleasure , that I present you and you parish - mere day away from it 's centennial celebration - and the continental United States , via Satellite with the first of man revamp that the ' Catholicism - wow ! ' campaign will unveil over the next year . ( applause ) now , what do this mean for the average church - goer ? be we go to throw out the rule book and adopt a hippie mentality in regards to we faith ? no . we be simply talk about a few minor alteration to both the aesthetic and theoretical aspect of a religion that boast one of the high membership number on the planet . a few applause ring out . glick smile . glick thank you , thank you . so what be we talk about here . well , for example ... ( pull out crucifix ) while it have be a time - honore and traditional symboL of we faith , we have decide to retire the highly recognizable , yet wholely depress symbol of we Lord , Jesus Christ , crucify . why ? well , look at it . would you relish be a member of a group that use a man nail to two piece of wood as it 's masthead ? of course not - who would ? I have get enough downer in my daily routine without have to deal with this visual everytime I go to worship . lnstead , the church be go to adopt this new , more soothing and inspiring sigil , which we feel be in - line with we new outlook . glick pull a cover off a object to he right - a two foot figure of Christ smile and give the ' thumb up ' . the crowd buzze . glick see ? be not this better ? how could you not feel just great walk into a church and see this behind the priest - a positive reinforcement that whatever we do , God think be ' a~kay ' . I love this thing , it 's so ... reporter I ( interupt ) cardinal glick - have the church give any think to it 's position on john doe Jersey ? will he be give the right to die with dignity ? another buzz rise from the crowd . glick roll he eye . glick c'mon people . we be not here to talk about that . it 's a issue we stand firm on - euthanasia be a big no - no , just like abortion . murder 's murder . why will not you people accept that ? besides , we be here to talk about this little guy - you friend and mine ... the happy Jesus . can not you just see it on chain around people 's neck , and as the new background in avant garde , MTV video ? int bus terniinal - day the image of the ' happy jesus ' - thumb up and all - be capture on a t.v. monitor , a label read u\'e via satellite - red bank . new jersey ' at the bottom of the screen . bartleby and loki look up at it , then at one another . loki and you say siskel and Ebert have no influence over this culture . bartleby we be get out of here at just the right time . this people be nut . loki ( off t.v. ) and that 's the church we be head to ? bartleby ( step to ticket window ) if you want to go home ... ( to woman in window ) two ticket to New Jersey , please . woman Jersey 's sell out , sir . bartleby be you sure ? woman the computer say . loki come on - how many people can possibly be go to New Jersey ? woman enough to fill a bus . bartleby ( to loki ) you have to drag that judgement out . you could not just hit and run . ( to woman ) when 's the next one ? woman same time tomorrow . bartleby what ?! do not this place warrant at least two bus a day ? woman I take it you have never be to the Garden State . next . bartleby and loki look around . loki there 's no one else here . woman then I guess it 's lunch time . ( she shut she window ) loki we should have learn to drive a long time ago . infinite celestial power and we can not catch a bus . bartleby just shut up , this be you fault . loki you can either lament over we mass transit folly , or you can listen to my suggestion . bartleby it 's you suggestion that prevent we from negotiate what should be a simple matter of catch or stay on a bus ! loki why fall victim to gravity when we can just as easily rise above ? bartleby ( stare at he ) fly ? loki we get wing , right ? let 's use they . oc voice I would not suggest that . the pair spin and gawk . azrael lean in the doorway . he remove he hat , revealing two stubby horn . azrael you would not want to stand out , now would you ? int strip joint basement - dusk noman be tie to a chair in the middle of the floor . serendipity draw a circle around he with lipstick . once finish . she take a glass of water and throw it into no man 's face . it roar to life . the golgothan shake of he daze , turn he attention on serendipity . noman the muse . they tell we you be up here . serendipity matter of perspective . noman . I like to think of it as ' down here ' . I have a few question for you , sir . noman free we from this bind , that you may have answer . serendipity ( head toward it ) okay . ( stop ; sarcastic ) oh wait . I be smarter than that . noman let out a bellow . serendipity face it , big guy - I be not release you until I get answer . this can go hard or easy . the sooner I get what I want , the sooner you will be free . now , you can start by tell I why you be on this plane ? noman ( beat ) liquidate the last scion . serendipity see ? that be not so hard . now - who send you ? be it lucifer ? noman laugh in a sinister fashion . noman we master be no one and all . for a time , he will be prince of this world - and the fate of that who dwell in it will be at the mercy of he whimsy . and then he will sever reality and crush existence , like a thumb puncture a fontanell , give peace to that who have be without for so long . serendipity do bartleby and loki send you ? noman resist no further , muse . deliver over to we the conflict one , that this world may die scream . no power - divine or inherite - threaten the crusade . you can not win . soon will rise of the cry of the abandon , begging you God to put a end to the madness . and only as be become not , will they know that the God of abraham lay dormant while the dream perish in a blink . you God be not dead - he 's brain dead . serendipity she , you chauvinist bastard - she 's brain dead . and no she 's not . stop try to be so spooky . tell I who send vou , or I will use whatever influence I have below ' to make Hell even worse for you . noman you speak of azrael . ( he laugh ) we pity you . muse . you be still play the old game . the one that could have make good on you threat be go . serendipity what do you mean . go ? he escape ? noman no soul escape Hell , but one . ( beat - as if it 's hear something ) would that I could cross the threshold of you confine circle , I would crush you half - life throat . but my master do not abandon I to this mockery of a prison . we will come back for the girl . and when we do , it will take more than fragrant mist to keep we hand from crush she head . noman go stiff and then limp . his body begin to melt . int toy store - day azrael lead bartleby and loki through the aisle , pass ton of stuff animal . bartleby Jesus Christ , azrael - how would you get out of Hell ? azrael I tell they I be come up on a routine possession . I do not have much time . if they figure out my ruse , they will come look for I . bartleiby you lie ? loki go figure . him . a demon . ( to azrael ) why would you bring we in here ? azrael because you two fuck be inch away from get yourselves catch . go around kill people , about to uncase you wing ... do not you have any idea what 's go on ? loki we be go back home . azrael be you so clueless as to think you can just waltz back into Heaven ? bartleby why not ? we be go back clean . az rael let I let you in on a little secret , okay : everyone be look for you . both side - above and below . the order be to terminate you on sight . bartleby ( shocked ) why ? azrael you be pissing people off , that 's why ! Word on the grapevine be that God 's piss off at you presumption , and I know lucifer 's piss because you asshole might just succeed where he 's fail so many time , make he look bad . bartleby so they be go to kill we ?!? azrael they be go to try ' . that 's why you have to travel incognito - tone down you behavior , stay off they respective radar . go about this thing more subtly . quit kill people - that 's high profile . and for God 's sake , do not uncase you wing until you have to transubstantiate . because the minute you let they flap , legion of throne and horde of demon will fight each other over who get to kill you first . ( looksoc ) shhhh ! a woman and she small daughter walk past . while the woman look at the item on the top shelf , loki pull off azrael 's hat and tap the daughter on the shoulder . he point to azrael 's horn . the woman pull the daughter further down the aisle , oblivious to the trio . daughter mommy , that man have horn . azrael grab he hat and put it back on . azrael that 's the kind of shit I be talk about ! loki oh , lighten up . bartleby ( still reeling ) I can not believe they want to kill we . azrael believe it , boy . they have even get the last scion look for you . loki you be kid ! azrael this be big . I be tell you . you re-entry be a thorn in a lot of side , and they will stop at nothing to prevent it . loki if that 's the case , then why be not you hunt for we too ? azrael because I want to see you go back . you be both give a raw deal ; almost as raw as mine . if you make it back , then I figure there 's hope for I . ( look around ) in the meantime , I suggest you find a alternate mode of transportation . if anything else come up , I will contact you . bartleby thank you , azrael . you be a true friend . azrael would you expect anything less from a demon . I have to get back to the pit , before they get suspicious . ( turn to leave ) loki hey az - what 's it like down there . be it as bad as they say ? azrael give you a hint : they have be play ' Mrs. doubtfire ' continuously for two year now . ( exit ) loki ( look at bartleby ) shit man - that be punishment . ext contryside - night the train chug through the darkness . int train - night bethany and rufus sit across from one another . they stare out the window . rufus how you cope , kid ? bethany it 's weird . just when I think I have get a handle on thing . something wholely unbelievable present itself . sometimes I wish I have just stay home . rufus you sound like the man . bethany ( beat ) what be he like ? rufus Jesus ? Black . bethany besides that . rufus the brother be center . I mean , he be God , right ? but I think he feel leave out because he be more than human , you know ? we use to sit around the fire - I and the other guy - and we would be talk about what ass-hole the Roman be or get laid ... bethany some thing never change . rufus ... and he would just sit there listen and smile . we would ask him why he never join in the convo , but he say he just like to hear we talk ; about anything . Said it be like music . I think he just wish he have unimportant shit to talk about himself . bethany how do he feel now ? rufus he still dig humanity , but it bother him to see the shit that get carry out in his name - war , bigotry , but especially the faction of all the religion . he say humanity take a good idea and , like always , build a belief structure on it . bethany have belief be not good ? rufus I think it 's better to have idea . you can change a idea . change a belief be trickier . life should malleable and progressive ; work from idea to idea permit that . belief anchor you to certain point and limit growth ; new idea can not generate . life become stagnant . that be one thing the man hate - still life . he want everyone to be as enthralled with live as he be . maybe it have something to do with know when he be go to die . but Christ have this vitality that I have never encounter in another person since . you know what I be save ? bethany he be big on life ? rufus it be more than that . he be the only person I ever know who never engage in that most ancient of life - affirm activity . bethany sex . rufus debate . that 's the only way people know how to reaffirm that they be alive - by debate . in all it 's form . people spend they whole life debate : we fight about who 's right and who 's wrong , we fight ourselves , we fight each other , we fight death , we fight over belief , we fight over fight . we believe that to stop debate - in any fashion - be to stop live and give up . people say that life 's a struggle , but it 's not . life be live . I be even guilty of it myself , the way I go on about Christ 's ethnicity , fight for the truth to come out . and I be dead . even in death , the only way I know how to live be through debate . that 's sad , be not it ? betiiany not if you believe it 's important for people to know . rufus a belief 's a dangerous thing , bethany . people die for it . people kill for it . the whole of existence be in jeopardy right now because of the Catholic belief structure regard this plenary indulgence bullshit . and whether they know it or not , bartleby and loki be exploit that belief , and if they be successful , you , I . all of this ... end in a heartbeat . ( beat ) all over a belief . bethany nod . rufus look around . rufus I have not see the moron twin in awhile . bethany they go to the lounge car to smoke . ( get up ) I will go find they ; make sure they be not get into any trouble . rufus I be go to catch a few z' . forget how tiring live can be . bethanv head off rufus look out the window , then shut he eye . int lounge car - night bethany enter and spot jay and Silent Bob , talk to a unseen party . bethany you two be not get into any trouble , be you ? jay nope . just about to smoke a bowl with we new friend . you in ? bethany and who be you new friend ? jay they just get in at the last stop . Silent Bob move over , revealing the new friend . jay this be Larry and Barry . bartleby and loki smile at bethany . loki jay tell we you be go to sleep with he . ext train track - night the train rush over head . int lounge car - later loki , jay , and Silent Bob pass a joint under the table and take quick hit , try to remain casual . jay pound the table happily . bartleby and bethany lay on either side of the table in they booth . bethany you can smoke up with they if you want . you do not have to keep I company . bartleby it 's a long trip . there will be plenty of time later . ( beat ) so why be you head to Jersey ? betrany there 's just this thing there I be suppose to do . how about you ? bartleby we be go home . bethany do you two live together ? bartleby unfortunately . do you live with that guy ? B ethany God , no . not they just sort of adopt I . bartleby they be funny as hell . the big one never say a word . bethany I wish the little one would take a cue from he . but they be okay , as far as stoner 's go . bartleby lo ... Larry 's take a immediate shine to they , and he usually hate people . betiiany how long have you two be together ? bartleby awhile . he 's great company . he can be a little flaky sometimes , but we have get a lot in common . bethany how would you meet ? bartleby we be station together . bethany see ? that 's beautiful . and everyone 's always up - in- arm about this ' out - in- the-military ' issue . bartleby what do you mean ? bethany well there 's all that macho bullshit about it be ' this man 's Army ' . and you two meet and hook up while in the service , which be so special - because it 's so hard to meet anyone you can seriously relate to ... bartleby ( catch on ) you think we be lover ?! oh no . no , we be not gay . bethany ( laugh ) oh God , I be sorry ' . I just assume ... bartleby no . we live together and all , but at the end of the night , I go to my room . and he go to he . ( beat ) why ? do I come off as gay ? bethany ( laugh ) no , not at all . I be sorry . my ex-husband kind of foule up my relationship awareness barometer . bartleby you be divorced ? bethany that 's the nice way of put it . I consider it be dumped . bartleby I be dumped once . more or less . bethany it 's terrible , be not it ? do not you constantly question you value - like why be I so easy to cast aside ? do not I have merit ? bartleby and you wonder if the other party 's go to come to they sense and call you back . betiiany the worst be that I still think like a couple . after all this year , I still have the ' we ' mentality . bartleby mine grow out of what be really a stupid misunderstanding . a misunderstanding that grow into a total withdrawl of communication . abandonment . and even though it be year ago , there 's not a day that go by that I do not wonder what go wrong . and then it hit I - I be replace by someone . a lot of someone . bet hany and they always tell you it will hurt less with time ... bartleby ... when actually , it hurt more . bethany ( beat ) you know what we need ? we need some drink . a lot of drink . do you agree ? bartleby whole-heartedly . int train car - night rufus continue to slumber . int lounge car - night jay be asleep on Silent Bob 's shoulder , drool slightly . loki talk with Silent Bob . loki I be tell you , man - it 's all about organize religion and society 's battle against it . the rebel be fight the Empire , right ? now the Empire be lead by whom ? darth vader ? no . it 's lead by the Emperor . and the Emperor be a practitioner of the Force , albeit the Dark side of the Force . and the Force be basically a religion . ( Silent Bob nod ) so the entire galaxy be under Imperial rule , and the Imperial government be run by this old religion . what you have , then , be a theocratic government - a government run by the church . so luke , han , and leia be fight that government to liberate the galaxy from the pious grip of what be , in essence , holy mother church . Silent Bob nod in understanding . bethany and bartleby slump in they booth , the table load with empty glass . bethany be quite tipsy . bartleby sip he drink , and surreptitiously spit it out . bartleby you be say you still go to church ? bethany ( laugh ) every Sunday . bartleby do it do anything for you ? bethany ( think ) give I time to balance my check book every week . bartleby see ? that 's what I be talk about . people do not go to church and feel spiritual . they go to church and feel bored . but they keep go . every week . out of habit . bethany or in habit , if you be a nun . bartleby oh ... that be not very funny at all . bethany a friend of mine tell I that church be like bad sex : it 's messy and there 's no foreplay ... ( start laugh ) no. that 's not it . I be so buzze . bartleby when do you think you lose you faith ? bethany I remember the exact moment . I be on the phone with my mother , and she be try to counsel I through what be happen to I and my marriage . and she say something like " there 's always a plan . " and I ... just get so angry . I mean , I know she be talk about God , right - God have a plan . but I be like " what about my plan ? " you know ? like , do not they count for anything ? I have plan to grow old with my husband and have a family - be not that plan good enough for God ? ( beat ) apparently not . ( swig she drink ) how about you ? when do you lose you faith ? bartleby me? year ago . one day , God just stop listen . I keep talk , but I get the distinct impression that he be not listen anymore . bethany she . and how do you know she be listen in the first place ? bartleby ( think ) I guess I do not . bethany I hate thought like that . but they occur to you with age . when you be a kid , you never question the whole faith thing - God 's in Heaven , and he 's ... she 's always get she eye on you . I would give anything to feel that way again . which be why I guess I let myself get talk into this pilgrimage . I need proof . and the opportunity present itself to find out if it be like they tell we in Catholic school . and I gotta tell you - the last few day , I have come across some interesting people that lend toward convincing I . bartleby where 's this pilgrimage to ? int train car - night rufus stir . he look around and stretch . int lounge car - night bethany and bartleby continue they discussion . bethany you would never believe I if I tell you . bartleby try I . bethany alright . but I warn you . okay - I be go to this church in New Jersey . bartleby really ... int train car - night rufus head toward the back of the car . he open the door between the car and exit . int lounge car - night bethany and bartleby talk further . bartleby 's intrigue . bethany I be tell that I be suppose to stop a couple of angel from enter the church . they be try ... ( laugh ) this sound so stupid ... they be try to get back into Heaven . int train car - night rufus pass through another car and open the door at the end . int lounge car - night bartleby grow very tense . bethany rattles on , half -toast . bethany see , they get toss out of Heaven year ago , right ? and if they get back in , it prove God wrong . and since God be infallible , to prove her wrong would ... ( laugh hard ) .. would unmake existence ! I feel so stupid just say it . bartleby 's eye be wide . he look scared . then , a calm fall over he . betrany ( laugh ) but the thing I do not get ... be how do I stop a angel ? two , even ! I guess I be suppose to talk they out of it or something . bartleby surreptitiously slide a knife off the table . bartleby maybe you be suppose to kill they ? bethany break into hysterics . int train car - night rufus pull open another door and exit . int lounge car - night bethany 's still crack up , oblivious to the on-the-defensive bartleby . bethany oh yeah ! kill they ! even if that be the case ... I mean . how do you kill a angel ? bartleby I do not imagine it 's much different ... ( slowly lift the knife ) ... from kill a human ... the door behind they slide open . rufus step in . rufus where the hell be everybody ? I wake up , and ... he see bartleby . they both freeze . bartleby the Apostle ! rufus Holy shit ! bethany ( stumbling to she foot ) rufus , I want you to meet my friend , Barry ... bartleby leap out of the booth and grab bethany , hold the knife to she throat . bethany ( chuckie ) Barry ! do not be such a show off ! rufus take it easy , bartleby . just let she go and let 's talk about this . bartleby after all this time , this be what it come down to -slaughter by this meat puppet ?! rufus there do not have to be a slaughter . we can work this out ... bethany be that a knife ? bartleby oh. we can work it out , alright . I be go to work the blade in and out of she thorax ! ( call over shoulder ) loki! loki catch the action and react . loki Holy shit - the Apostle ! he leap from the table . jay stir and wake up . jay ( half asleep ) I do not come in you , I swear ... ( look around ) bartleby , with bethany in hand , face off against rufus . loki join they . loki ( to rufus ) what be you do here ? bartleby they be here to thwart we journey home , my friend . this one just tell I that she 's suppose to stop a couple of angel from enter a church . loki you think she be talk about we ? bartleby I would say there be a pretty good chance . what do you say , rufus - we be to be liquidate ? rufus it do not have to go down like that ! you have not think about the consequence of re-entry ! loki consequence , schmonsequence . bartleby I have to agree with he . no one - not you , and especially not this finite - lifer - no one be go to impede we . we be go home , regardless of whose pride it may hurt ! rufus it 's not a question of pride , it 's ... bartleby loki - kill the girl loki ( beat ) what be you , high ? bartleby do it ! loki I can not kill she if she have not do anything , you know that . and it look like she 's ' on the job ' , so to speak ... bartleby Fine ! I will kill she myself ... a hand land on bartleby 's shoulder . jay ( oblivious to the situation ) hey man - now it 's you turn . we get enough for a fatty boom - batty , biggety blunt ! bartleby turn the knife on he . jay ( not quite get it yet ) we have cake or something ? loki backhand jay , stun he . jay ( daze ) in grate ... jay drop to the floor , out cold . Silent Bob grab loki and hurl he down the aisle . rufus grab bartleby 's knife hand . they struggle . bethany collapse . rufus tubby ! the door ! Silent Bob jump over loki and open the back door of the car . he grab loki by the collar . loki wait , man ! can not we talk about this ?! he throw loki out the door , off the train . rufus squeeze bartleby 's hand . bartleby drop the knife and punch rufus in the face . bethany jump on bartleby 's back , cover he eye . they careen down the aisle , toward Silent Bob . he pull bethany off bartleby 's back and kick he out the back door , off the train . he quickly slam the door close and lean against it . the bartender stare at he . Silent Bob brushes off he coat and thumb toward the door . silent bob no ticket . rufus rub he jaw . bethany crawl up beside he , breathe heavily . beth any I should have know something be wrong when he pay for all the drink . int underground garage - night a door be kick open . loki enter , brush himself off . bartleby follow . loki the Apostle be here ! bartleby I notice . loki if that 's the case , then chick with he must be ... bartleby the scion , I would imagine . ( lean against the wall ; slide down ) loki ( in a panic ) well , shit man ! maybe we should rethink this whole thing ! I mean , you hear the guy - he say there be consequence . azrael tell we we be mark . maybe there 's more to this than we think about . bartleby lean against the wall , sit on the ground . his demeanor have change . he stare into space . bartleby there sure be . ( beat ) it 's they . loki ( beat ) what ? bartleby ( shake he head ) they . loki ( think ) the movie about the giant ant ? bartleby they - the human . it 's what it all come down to . you know ? we against humanity ... kind of like that giant ant movie . loki ( beat ) be you alright ? bartleby I be better than alright . I have have a epiphany , my friend . loki a ... epiphany . yes , well ... that will happen . bartleby when that sweet , innocent girl let she mission slip , I suddenly understand it all - everything . for the first time in all this eon , I get it . loki ( beat ) get what ? bartleby in the beginning , it be just we and him. angel and God . and then he create the human . and he give they more than he ever give we . we 's be design to be a life of servitude and worship - adoration . but he give the human more - he give they a choice . they can choose to ignore God , choose to acknowledge him . all this time we have be down here , everyday I feel the absence of the Divine presence . and it pain I ... as I be sure it must have pain you sometimes , even though you would gloss over it with joke . but we feel he absence , and why ? because of the way he make we - as servant . have we be give free will , we could ignore the pain ... like they . loki you know - maybe you should take a nap or something . bartleby loki , do not you get it ? it 's the human - it 's always the human . they be give paradise ; they throw it away . they be give this planet ; they destroy it . they be favore best among all his endeavor ; and some of they do not even believe he exist . they ego - mania corrode Hell and make it dark and crimson . ( look at loki ) I ask you to lay down you sword year ago - why ? because I feel sorry for they . and where do it get we ? thrown out . ( smile ) we have pay we debt . do not you think it 's time we go home ? and to do that , I think we have to dispatch we would - be dispatcher . loki wait , wait , wait - kill they ?! you be talk about the last scion , for Christ 's sake ! and what about jay and Bob - I mean , that guy be alright . bartleby do not , my friend . do not let you sympathy get the best of you , as they do I way back when . scion or not , she 's just a human . and regardless , we sin be forgiven by pass through that arch . no harm , no foul . loki that sound thin . bartleby Fine . we will cover ourselves . we will take out a slew of people . maybe amidst the body count , he will not notice . loki oh , that 's be realistic . bartleby reach out and grab loki , slamm he against the wall . bartleby I be go home , loki . and nobody - not even the almighty himself - be go to make that otherwise . bartleby release loki and smile . he exit . loki watch he . loki shit . he follow . ext camp FIRE - night another newspaper headline regard ' John doe Jersey ' fill the frame . it be lower to reveal jay , bethany , and rufus sit around a makeshift fire in the middle of nowhere . jay roll a joint . Silent Bob read the paper . bethany I do not understand why we could not stay on the train . you throw that guy off . rufus a very basic strategy - if you enemy know where you be , then do not be there . bethany and what 's with that ? why be we enemy ? the guy almost gut I , for God 's sake ! jay he have the knife at you throat . to gut you , he would have to have the knife at you stomach . bethany Semantics ! Semantics that do not even answer mat question . rufus well , I know I would perceive the person send to kill I as my enemy . bethany what do you mean , kill ? I be not ask to kill they - just stop they from go into that church . rufus and how be you go to do that ? preoccupy they with a game of bingo ? bethany I have never kill anything before in my life ! jay I will do it . rufus shut the fuck up , little man - you could not kill a pint of ice cream , let alone a angel . jay fuck you - I can kill a angel as good as the next guy . rufus oh yeah ? how ' would you do it ? jay I would give he a Van damme neck - break , like in ' hard target ' . d'jou see that flick ? rufus ( ignore jay ; to bethany ) killing a angel 's a two -step process - first you have to cut off they wing . which then make they human . from that point on , it 's the same as kill anything else - head or heart , take you pick . bethany you say it as if it 's easy . rufus ( oblivious to jay ) Problem be , I do not think we could pull it off even if we want to . all this time away from the Divine presence should have make that two weaker - and that guy feel far from weak . either that or someone 's protect they - someone with juice . bethany so then we be screw ? ( shrug ) shit , that 's the best news l've hear in day . rufus this do not excuse you from tryng to stop they . bethany Count I out . you be tell I they be unstopable , I be exhaust - both psychologically and physically , the odd be against we . I say we kick back and wait for the end -a little non~xistence might be just what the doctor order . jay I be with she . I do not care about die , so long as we be all go to die . rufus what be you babbling about now ? jay if I be the only one , that would bother I because every - one else would go on live , have a good time without I . but if we all go at once , that would be okay , because I know I be not miss anything . bethany see ? you know it 's right when even he 's make sense . jay besides , she say if we be in a situation where we be go to die in like five minute , she would have sex with I and Silent Bob . rufus so you be suggest she throw in the towel and let eon of work and history get blink out of existence just so you can get laid ? jay ( think ) no . just so I and Silent Bob could get laid . bethany now that we be all but in total agreement on this , I would just like to finally know - why I ? jay because you have get nice tit . bethany I be not talk to you ! ( to rufus ) why I ? why do I have to do this ? nobody 's come clean on that . out of everyone on the whole god - damned planet . how come I get tapped ? rufus look at she . he shrug . rufus family tie . jay that show 's funny as hell . rufus shut up . ( to bethany ) do you know what the apocryphal book be ? bethany shake she head no . rufus most of that information in the Bible come from the Dead Sea scroll - ancient text discover in a cave age ago . and when the Sanskrit be translate , they discover data that conflict with the lore church official have already establish as the basis of they religion . they could not refute century of dogma , so they think it best to leave certain passage out - sometimes whole book . that book make up the apocrypha . bethany what 's this have to do with I ? rufus you have never get the complete picture . if they have compile the material together like they be suppose to , you would get the whole story . but by leave text out , the church have present you people with a extremely sterile and unmove account of religious history . the creation . the entire Old Testament , the history of Christ ... ( let 's she take it in ) forget about my whole black angle for a minute ... jay we might if you would quit bring it up . rufus backhand jay . Silent Bob hold jay back . rufus continue , oblivous to jay . rufus he go from twelve year old to thirty . Whole volume of text about the eighteen year struggle with his Divine nature prior to his acceptance of it be thown out , forever lose to the faithful . bethany I do not buy it . integral material like that would give people a better understanding of the nature of God . why leave it out ? rufus because it be all closely tie in with his family . bethany his mother and father ? rufus his brother and sister . bethany ( beat ) wait , wait , wait - Jesus do not have any brother or sister . Mary be a virgin - that 's why it 's call the immaculate conception . rufus Mary give birth to Christ without have know a man 's touch - that 's true . but she do have a husband . and do you really think he would have stay marry to she all that year if he be not get laid ? the nature of God and the virgin birth - that be leap of faith . but believe a wife never humped she husband - that 's just gullibility . bethany ( sudden realization ) mary and joseph have sex ?!? rufus all the time , from what I understand . Jesus use to tell I storey about hearing they through the wall when he be a kid . ( beat ) so you ask why you get tapped . I will tell you why : a Christ be the salvation of this world once before . and you be the close thing to a Christ that still walk . bethany meaning ? rufus the blood that flow in you vein share a chromosome or two at the genetic level with the man you call Jesus . ( hand on she shoulder ) you be his great-grand -niece . bethany 's jaw drop . a high -pitch squeak of a word escape she lip . jay ( take a hit from he joint ) so ... that would make bethany part black . ( to Silent Bob ) man , this be just like when vader tell luke he be he father . rufus I just wish I know what the hell we be suppose to do now ? oc voice you must go to the dagobah system and find yoda - the jedi master who instruct I . everyone turn around . metatron lean against a tree . metatron God . l have always want to say that . rufus the voice . nietatron ( mimick he shock ) the Apostle ! ( sit down with they ) bethany now you show up ! where be you when that psychotic bastard have a knife to my throat ? metatron I tell you you would be in capable hand - you be not dead be you ? rufus what be you do here any w'ay ? metatron I feel leave out . everyone 's sit around come clean , I think I would join in with a confession of mine own . jay now who 's this mother fucker ? rufus this be the Voice of God - show some respect . jay the Voice of God ? where 's the rest of him ? metatron funny you should mention that - we be not sure . bethany Excuse I ? metatron do not it ever occur to you that this bartleby / loki situation be well within the realm of his control ? rufus if that 's the case , then why be bethany tapped ? metatron you know that constituonal he like to take ? bethany constituonal ? rufus I think we be beyond euphemism at this point . ( to bethany ) God 's a skee- ball fanatic . metatron let 's not altogether blow some of the mystery that surround him , alright ? ( to bethany ) yes - the Lord have quite a fancy for the game ; be play it for year - he assume a human form once a month and indulge . do not tell anyone where he 's play ; just go away for a couple of hour . it 's quite understandable - a small exercise in hand / eye coordination have be prove as a highly effective mean of therapeutic relaxation . and from what I understand , he always give he free point away to neighborhood child . be not that sweet ? bethany but she have not come back from one of that day - trip , be what you be get at ? metatron ( to rufus ) ' she ' ? I take it she 's meet the muse . ( to bethany ) no , ' she ' have not . and we have be unable to locate her . rufus maybe he be kill ? human form have that drawback . m etat ron no - there 's a different sort of foul - play afoot , child . whomever have set the renegade angel on they path and be keep they quite well - hide . be also responsible for the Lord 's whereabouts . be he to be kill in human form , he would have immediately return to paradise . somebody know enough to keep the body alive , but incapacitate him in another fashion - he 's trap in a body . rufus so God 's not dead ... jay he 's brain dead . metatron so it would seem . and as omnipotent as we be above , I have to admit that we be more or less lose without his presence . we have have we people look everywhere for him . and I tapped she , because I think we might be able to smoke out whoever 's behind this . but whoever it be have be clever enough to send some lackey after you , as oppose to show up themselves . rufus can it be lucifer ? metatron thankfully they seem oblivious to the situation in the nether-region . I know they be not responsible - at least not lucifer . if he be , he would have make he move by now to conquer Heaven . and I know he 's not responsible for bartleby and loki because he would have just as much to lose by they return as everyone else . rufus then what about the golgothan and the triplet ? metatron do not be stupid - demon be not exclusive to Hell . anybody can summon one . jay ( excited ) yeah ? Silent Bob hand jay he newspaper and point . jay read . bethany do not encourage they . and why do you lie to I ? you say I be tapped as a test ? metatron no , you say that - I just do not correct you . you be shocked enough - how do you think you would have take it if I tell you the face of God belong on the back of a milk carton ? rufus so what do we do now ? m etat ron I say we get drunk , kid - because I be all out of idea . jay ( off paper ) why do not we just ask this guy to close the church ? metatron I beg you pardon ? jay here . ( hand group the paper ) bethany ( read ) ' glick take heat for campaign ' ? jay it 's the guy in charge of the church thing . bethany ( read ) ' cardinal glick have come under fire for the blatant pander and questionable direction of he church - sanction ' Catholicism - wow ! ' campaign . when ask about he motivation for decommision the traditional baptismal font in favor of the propose Olympic size lap - pool beneath parish floor , click respond " come on - who do not like a pool party ? " jay maybe you could tell he to shut down the church . if it 's close on that day , that guy can not get bless or whatever - right ? metatron good Lord - he 's get a point . bethany I think Silent Bob have a point . but sure - we can go to he and explain the situation somehow . rufus ' we ' ? you be back in ? bethany well , mine be a heritage Divine ... and I would not want to let down the family . ( smile ) metatron ( off Silent Bob ) well , well , well - the prophet finally live up to they title . Silent Bob shrug . jay be try to look down serendipity 's shirt . she back -hands he . television screen - commercial two cartoon altar boy sift through they bowl of cereal . altar 1 the same boring cereal again ? a cheesy cartoon christ float down from above . christ man can not live on boring cereal alone ! altar I &amp ; 2 it's jesus ! Jesus pull a box of hosties cereal from he sash . christ why not try hosty ! cl on cereal pour into a bowl . it 's shape like eucharistic host . milk follow . christ vo New hosty be fortify with vitamin and mineral , top off with a angelic kiss of frosting that stay crispy in milk ! Christ 's hand on they shoulder , the altar boy down they cereal happily . christ hosty be a important part of any nutritious breakfast , and each one be bless by a high rank vatican monsignor - good for the body , and good for the soul . but make sure you have confess beforehand ... altar 2 clutches at he throat , gasp . altar 2 I ... I touch ... m.. myself ! I be ...s... sorry ... christ ( smile benignly ) you be forgiven . altar 2 stop choke and continue eat , happily . christ so try a bowl of hosty ! and do not just take my word for it ... a cartoon pope pop out of the box , eat a spoonful of cereal . pope they're heavenly ! int click office - dlsk a hand switch off the t.v. Pan up to cardinal click , all smile . glick well ...? do not it pop ? bethany . rufus , lay and Silent Bob be at a total loss for word . jay ( after a long beat ) do it come in chocolate flavor ? the cardinal pick up a golf putter and begin put into a overturn glass . glick you see ? now this one 's get vision ! ( to jay ) we be roll out the flavor in September . Big cereal month with the kid , back to school and all . bethany it 's a bit ... startling . glick exactly ! and that 's what we be look to do - shake this people up a bit , get they motivate . that 's the whole point of the campaign . mass attendance be at a all - time low in this country . and it 's not like we be lose they to the Protestant or baptist - people be not practice at any denomination this day . if we can sell they some show - let them know the Catholic church have some panache , we can win they back - even get some new one . fill they pews , people - that 's the key . and cross-promote - like with the cereal tie - in grab the little one as well . hook them while they be young . ( sit at he desk , light smoke ) rufus kind of like the tobacco industry ? glick oh - if only we have they number . but we be aim for the same demographic , even though mine be the soulsave biz . and if I have to play a bit of the devil to bring they closer to the Lord , then I will wear the cloven hoof and carry the pitch fork . jay and Silent Bob adjourn themselves from the group and approach a hat rack , where the cardinal 's cassock and miter hang . jay nudge Silent Bob . oc bfthany we really appreciate you see we this late in the day , you Emminence . my friend and I have be travel all night in hope of get a chance to talk to you about the Saint Michael 's re-dedication ceremony . the cardinal blow smoke ring . glick you would like to help out in some way ? bethany we would like you to cancel the ceremony and the be dedication . glick ( pause mid-ash - tap ) I beg you pardon ? Silent Bob stand alone by the coat rack . jay leap into the frame , cassock tie around he shoulder like a cape . he strike a superman pose . oc bethany there 's go to be a world of trouble if tomorrow 's ceremony go forward as plan . the cardinal lean back in he chair . click what be this - a threat ? be you plan some sort of demonstation ? ( pause ) be you pro-choicer ? bethany no , the trouble 's not from we . it 's from this renegade angel who have be stick on earth since the plague ... rufus side - kick bethany , nonchalantly . bethany uh ... this guy who think they be renegade angel . rufl be see padre , it go down like this - the boy believe that by pass through the archway they can get to Heaven . grant , it 's far- fetch , but the brother be convinced it 's the truth . Silent Bob watch as the miter appear slowly from behind the partition , resembling a shark fin . it ' swim ' to and for , menacingly . Silent Bob shake he head . oc glick and you want I to call off the ceremony ... for that ? bethany lean forward in she seat . bethany well . they be very passionate about it . dangerously so . they could turn violent if they walk through that arch and nothing happen . rufus this guy could blow , and if they do , they be go to take some people with they . call this thing off . click ( beat ) who send you ? someone from the Council of church , right ? somebody 's upset that we be get so much publicity - be that it ? who be it ? rabbi sloss ? rlffl we be send by him who be call I be . glick cute . ( stand ) time to go. kid . play time with the cardinal be over . rufus ( to bethany ) worked for mose . bethany stay out of this . ( to glick ) you Emminence , it 's not a joke . this guy be a accident wait to happen . and if the re-edication ceremony go on as plan ... glick ... then this loony will show up and go nut , thus endangering the life of all assemble , include the Governor , the press , I , the leader of the Council of church . heck , let 's not stop there , maybe even God himself . bethany you can not say himself ; it could be a woman . glick ( rub temple ) you passion for all topic insignificant , include the gender of we almighty lord , test my patience , people . now I be a very important man with very important matter that demand my attention , so if you will please ... rufus I be tell you man . this ceremony be a mistake . glick the Catholic Church do not make mistake . rufus what about the church 's silent consent to the slave trade ? bethany and it 's platform of non-involvement during the holocaust ? click ( beat ) alright , that be mistake . but one can hardly hold the current incarnation of Holy mother Church responsible for oversight of old . now I have indulge you for more time than I should have . please go . bethany but tomorrow ... click ( lose it ) tomorrow go off without a hitch ! do I make myself clear ?! I do not labor two year and exhaust eve~ ounce of my be to insure that this ceremony be a cornerstone in the most important liturgical event since vatican two just to cancel it at the zero hour at the insistence of a wander band of prankster who have target I as the focus of they evening 's merriment ! this occasion be important for the congregation of this parish , for the massive crowd come for the plenary indulgence , for I , for he holiness the Pope , and - most importantly - for the ' Catholicism - wow ! ' campaign ! and neither you , nor any other influence short of the hand of God ... ( glare at bethany ) ... he - self will prevent it from occur successfully ! he violently grab the miter / shark fin ' swim ' behind the partition . glick and takeoff my goddamn hat !!! ] ay slowly look over the partition . ext seashore the sun slowly rise . the day have arrive . ext turnpike - early morning amidst very little traffic , two figure emerge from the shadow on the Pennsylvania side . bartleby and loki step purposefully past the green sign that welcome motorist to New Jersey . int bar - dawn the place be empty , except for bethany , rufus , jay and Silent Bob and a bartender . bethany I can almost see the headline - if there be go to be any - " existence erase - thanks to some prick in a scarlet cape . rufus it 's a crime that a guy like he even get to wear a scarlet cape . jay that be not no crime . you wanna see a crime ? look what we steal from the guy in the dress . ( to Silent Bob ) Hand it over . Silent Bob pull a golf club from out of he coat . bethany oh my God . we be go straight to Hell , I know it . rufus you steal the cardinal 's driver ? jay I tell he to . you know how much this thing be worth ? that 's at least a couple of soda and a pack of smoke right there . bethany what do we do now ? rufus let they keep it . in a couple of hour , it will not matter anyway . bethany not that - about bartleby and loki ! rufus we have no choice but to try to kill they . bethany ( to rufus ) but you say they could not be kill . oc voice correction : they will not be kill . the gang turn to see azrael sit at the bar . azrael and just to insure that , we be all go to sit tight , right here , until the two idiot pass through that arch . jay hey ...! bethany he be not talk about you two . oc voice there 's only one idiot here , . azrael ... bethany and rufus react , as do the very surprised azrael . serendipity stand in the doorway . serendipity and that 's you . azrael the muse . just in time to join we for a drink . bartender ( suddenly notice azrael ) hey . where would you come from ? azrael nothingness . and that 's where I be return to in approximately ... ( check watch ) ... onehour . bartender alright plato - sound like you have have enough drink already . let 's go . azrael come on barkeep - just one drink for the road . then I be go . serendipity join bethany and rufus . she whisper . serendipity I be try to find you - to tell you I would figure out who be behind all this . rufus be that who I think it be ? serendipity none other than . bethany who be it ? serendipity that 's my worst suspicion confirm . the bartender relent . bartender alright - one drink . then you be go . azrael gimme a Holy bartender . bartender never hear of it . azrael ( to the group ) he do not know how to make a Holy bartender . you know - do not you , muse ? serendipity azrael ... do not . azrael ( ignore she ) anybody ? well - I know how to make a Holy bartender . azrael pull a uzi from he coat and blow a dozen hole in the bartender . the stygian triplet burst through the door and everyone jump to they foot , with the exception of the bartender , who die . azrael get it ? serendipity sweet Jesus , azrael - why ?!? rufus ( rush he ) c'mon , demon - let 's see you try that shit on a brother whose already dead ! the stygian triplet cross they stick in front of rufus to block he as azrael train he uzi on bethany . azrael ( join they ) you maintain that kind of a attitude and you and the barkeep will not be the only corpse in the room - the Christ - bitch will join you . serendipity I can not believe you be behind this . be you really that stupid ?! do you know what 's go to happen if that two jerk enter that church ?! azrael I be actually count on it . and if my calculation be correct , the pawn be move in to check - mate as we speak . everyone stare at azrael , with the exception of jay . he suddenly laugh . jay I get it ! Holy bartender ! that 's a good one ! ext saint michael' church - morning a formidable crowd of parishoner surround a small stage , ten yard from the front of the church . banner hang every~ere , herald ' Catholicism - wow ! ' as well as the Centennial of Saint Michael 's . the media eat it up . cardinal glick stand at the podium , all smile . he 's in mid-speech . glick I would also like to acknowledge this great state 's Governor , Elizabeth dalton , for come out a help we ring in the first hundred year of this little parish true. she 's a Protestant - but we will not hold that against she . ( crowd laugh ) now , let I just give you a bit of history on this particular little hundred year young House of God ... oc bartleby this be no longer God 's House . God do not live here anymore . the crowd turn , aghast . bartleby push he way through they , sheepishly follow by loki . bartleby he 's grow weary of you superficial faith and have turn a deaf ear to you lip-service prayer . he be no longer amused , and have abandon you - his favorite - to the whim of judgement . hypocrite and charlatan - prepare to taste God 's wrath ! loki ( whisper ) maybe we should just go . bartleby you want you body count , you get it . this lot be rife with sin . we will judge they all ! glick grab a cop from the crowd and push he toward the pair . click this be the two I be warn about , Officer mcchee . please assist they off the church grounds . the cop grab bartleby 's arm . cop alright mouthpiece , let 's leave the nice cardinal alone and go for a ride ... bartleby grab the cop hand on he shoulder . bartleby mister mcghee , do not make I angry . you would not like I when I be angry . cop be that so ? well , let 's just ... bartleby throw he other hand forward and twist the cop 's head around in one brisk motion . loki 's eye bug out . the crowd take flight . bartleby ( release dead cop ) lady and gentlemen - you have be judge as guilty of violation against we almighty Lord . and this very day - I assure you - you will all pay for you tresspass ... in blood . ( to loki ) wing . now . loki I be not so sure ... bartleby do it ! int bar - later azrael still host he captive audience , uzi train on the mortal . the stygian triplet surround they , brandish they stick . bethany you be a muse too ? serendipity former muse . he be kick out . azrael tell they , serendipity . tell they how I be slighted by the almighty . serendipity you get what you deserve , you yellow shithead . azrael ever the apple polisher . I would hope that when you leave paradise , you do it finally because you could not tolerate the injustice that be visit upon you own brother . bethany he 's you brother ?! serendipity not technically . we be create at the same time . azrael to compliment one another . two spirit of pure inspiration . bartleby so what happen ? azrael yes . what . lucifer get restless and start he little war for the throne . Heaven become divide into two faction - the faithful and the renegade . the ethereal plane be chaotic with battle , angel against angel . and when it be all over , cod cast the rebel into perdition . serendipity but azrael refuse to fight . he would not ally himself to God or lucifer . he remain in the middle , wait to see who come out victorious . jay what be you - some kind of fuck chicken ?! azrael I be a artist ! I be inspiration ! a muse have no place in battle ! we job be to create - not destroy ! serendipity so after the fall be banish to Hell , God turn on that that would not fight , and my brother here be send down with the demon . something he consider a grave injustice . azrael do not tell I that you never question the judgement , serendipity ; that you do not think the almighty act too rashly ? serendipity you have be wait for million of year to ask I that , have not you ? it 's be on you mind since the moment you fall . it 's be gnaw at you this long . azrael well ? serendipity no , azrael . it never bother I , and I will tell you why : you stand behind you office , you prick . so you be a artist - big deal . elvis be a artist , but that do not stop he from join the service in time of war . that 's why he 's the King ... and you be a schmuck . bethany so all this be about revenge ?! you be go to unmake existence because you have a grudge against God ?! azrael after the first million year , revenge be the farthest thing from my mind . self - preservation become the only necessity . rufus meaning ? azrael escape . escape from Hell become my all - consume reason . so I study the religion and wait for my opportunity to present itself ; which flnallv do . in the form of the plenary indulgence and while I could not exercise it myself . I know the perfect vessel through which I could free myself from torment . rufus bartleby and loki. azrael after that , it be a simple matter or wait for a church to celebrate they Centennial , and when that finally happen , apply some of the old inspiration tactic - bv send the pair a article lace with idea . a incantation I pick up in the pit keep they cloak and off Heaven 's radar , and aside from the triplet and the gologothan , no soul in Hell have a clue as to what be go on . ( smile ) wo not proud lucifer weep when he realize I triumph over the power in a way he never dare or dream . ( shake it off ) but no plan , no matter how intricate , could succeed if the almighty be in the realm of the quick . so I dispatch him in a fairly ingenious fashion . bethany how so ? azrael oh no . I have see way to many bond movie to know that you never reveal all the detail of you plan - no matter how close you may think you be to success . suffice it to say , the Catholic have be even more helpful in insure my success than by just supplying the clean-slate archwav . ( get up ) the only X - factor be the involvement of the last scion . I be amaze that someone up there would have the ball to make a move without the Lord 's say -so . believe I - I sweat when you stumble upon my boy on that train . but ala , here you be - powerless to stop the inevitable . bethany look , asshole - I do not know if anyone explain the rule to you , but if you succeed , everything get blink out of existence - even you . azrael ( beat ) human , have you ever be to Hell ? I think not . do you know that once Hell be nothing more than the absence of cod ? and if you would ever be in his presence . then you would realize that 's punishment enough . but then you kind come along - and make it so much worse . bethany human be not capable of one hundredth the evil a shitbag demon like yourself be . azrael evil be a abstract ; it 's a human construct . but true to he irresponsible nature . man win t own up to be the engineer of evil , so he blame he dark deed on my ilk . but he selfishness be limitless , and it 's not enough for he to shadow he own existence . he turn Hell into a suffer Pitt - fire , wail , darkness - the kind of place anyone would do anything to get out of . and why ? because he lack the ability to forgive himself . it be beyond you ability to simply make recompense for and regret the sin you commit . no - you choose rather to create a psychodrama and dwell in a foundless belief that God could never forgive you ' grievous offense ' . so you bring you guilt and inner-decay with you to Hell - where the horrid imagination of so many glutton - for-punishment give birth to the sickness that have infect the abyss since the first one of you kind arrive there , begging to be ' punish ' . and in do so , they have transformed the cold and solitude to pain and misery . I have spend eon privy to the flame , inhale the decay , hearing the wail of the damned . I know what effect such horror have on the delicate psyche of a angelic beihg . ( beat ) would you like to glimpse pain eternal ? look ... azrael place he hand over bethany 's eye . for about ten second , we see some of the most fuck up and disturbing imagery that can be cramme into 240 frame of film . azrael pull he hand away . bethany be fry , convulse uncontrolably . azrael I would rather not exist than go back to that . and if everyone have to go down with I , so be it . serendipity ( hold up bethany ) you be still think only about yourself , you fuckmg child . azrael now , now , now . thing be get too tense in here . what say we watch a little t.v. ( grab remote control ) jay put on channel nine - ' davey and goliath ' ! a stygian triplet smack he with it 's hockey stick . jay hey ! azrael I be think more along the line of current event . on the t.v. - a sweaty and panicked reporter bark into the camera , obscure the chaos behind he . scream be hear . reporter ... I repeat - man with huge fuck wing have laid waste to St. Michael 's ... bullet do not seem to affect they ... police who be on the scene be dead ... the remain crowd have drop to they knee , identify this as the fable apocalypse .. I be not a man of faith , but I be inclined to agree with they .. ( look oc ) no ! don't come any closer !! ( pull gun ) please !! please ... he put the gun in he mouth and fire . the screen go blank . azrael ( snap off tv . ) you see that ? and I tell they to keep a low profile . I would be piss , but in a couple of minute , it will not matter anymore . while he speak , serendipity look to Silent Bob . Silent Bob snap to attention , and lock eye with serendipity . he look to the golf club , then back at she . he nod . azrael suddenly catch the exchange between the two . azrael now what be that all about ? serendipity hunhh ? oh. nothing . I have something in my eye . azrael ( get up ) bullshit . what be you try to do , serendipity - get the guy kill ? now who 's the fuck child ? what do you tell he - to hit I with the golf club ? be you serious ? ( pick up golf club ) I be a fuck demon , and you would have he assault I with athletic equipment ? ( hand club to Silent Bob ) well , here then - take it . call it a gift . ( stand back and hit he own chest ) take a shot - take you best shot . c'mon - c'mon , bright boy . the stygian triplet snicker . Silent Bob stare at azrael , perplex . azrael do not you know anything ? Silent Bob look to serendipity . she nod . he shrug and swing the club with all he might into azrael 's chest - which cave in , blow muck and shit everywhere . rufus , jay , and serendipity turn on they captor , grab the stygian triplet by the throat . serendipity bethany ! bless the sink ! bethany what ?!? serendipity do it ! bethany leap over the bar , push over the dead bartender , and bless the melting - ice fill sink . serendipity urge rufus and jay to follow she , with the triplet in hand . they submerge they - head first - in the sink . cruddy steam and muck blow out of the water . the triplet convulse and fall still . azrael clutches at he suck chest wound , drop to he knee . he grab Silent Bob 's leg . Silent Bob kick he onto he back and out cold . jay ( join Silent Bob ) what the fuck have you be eat ? Silent Bob shrug . bethany what just happen ? serendipity ( collect hockey stick ) he say it himself - he 's a demon . you hit a demon with a instrument of God - the pure side 's always go to do the most damage . jay Silent Bob 's a instrument of God ?! serendipity no - but the driver be . bethany ( catch on ) and glick 's the kind of asshole that would bless he own club for a better game . and the sink ...? serendipity you have get that Divine heritage go for you - sanctife be just one of the fringe benefit . bethany remind I to try the water - to - wine thing at my next party . ( to jay ) how far away be this church ? jay Three town over - about five mile . bethany we have gotta make track , people - there be not much time leave . rufus , grab he gun . rufus ten step ahead of you . bethany ( go through dead bartender 's pocket ) we can take the bartender 's car - I do not think he will be need it anymore . bethany and serendipity rush out . jay we gonna make it ? rufus be Jesus down ? rufus and jay exit . Silent Bob stare down at azrael 's body . jay come back and yank he out the door . ext STREET - day cardinal click run to a pay phone . sweating and bloody , he look a mess . he press ' 0 ' and look around wildly - particularly skyward . glick ( to God ) look , if you do not like the cereal thing , we could have go in a different direction ! ( to phone ) operator ! send more police to saint michael' parish - now !! people be getting kill by ...! as he speak , a large shadow fall over he from above . it grow larger , envelop click . he drop the receiver , drop to he knee , and scream . ext saint michael be - day bethany , jay , serendipity , Silent Bob , and rufus stare oc , horrify . jay Holy shit . body , body everywhere - partial , whole , bloody - hang , burn , upend . no one be leave stand . it 's a scene straight out of Hell . bethany bury she face in rufus ' chest . jay see ? and people wonder why I do not go to church . bethany be we too late ? serendipity to save this poor schmuck , yes . but we still exist . bethany where be they ? rufus they could already be in the church . serendipity which mean that if they come out , nobody touch they . jay be you shitting I ? the brother here be go to shred they with he schwarzenneger special - be not you , homey ? serendipity if they have pass through that arch , they come out clean . and if they die , they go straight up - and we know what happen then . jay what if they just kill themselves ? bethany they can not - it 's a mortal sin . you die with a mortal sin on you soul and you burn . they would go to hell , and that 's not what they be after . jay so then what the fuck be we suppose to do ?! just wait for a solution to fall out of the sky ?! on cue , a body plummet out of the sky and hit the ground before the group , quite like rufus have , way back at the start . this body , however , burst apart like a body would if drop from a large height . jay look at rufus . jay friend of you 's ? rufus 'fraid not . oc voice it be a cardinal . they all turn to see loki , lean against a body or two , drink from a bottle of champagne . his wing lie beside he , filthy - blood spatter and ashen . he look exhaust . rufus train the gun on he . loki kind of hard to tell with he face like that , but the rosaries be a dead giveaway . jay ( go for the uzi ) it's one of they !! kill it !!! bethany ( struggle to stop he ) no ...! she slap the uzi out of jay 's grip . it clatter to the side . bethany ( to jay ) do not you listen ?! we can not touch they ! jay I be not gonna touch he , I be gonna shoot he ! loki ( look skyward ) he 's be at it for awhile now . in the distance above - a mere shadow against the sky - something winge soar and stop , release what look like a very panicky human be . oc loki we run out of parishoner , so he just start pick up anyone off the street . you be look at eon of repression get purge . if only we would be able to jerk off . loki drag himself a few foot backwards . loki I would step back if I be you . they jump back just as the body hit the ground and explode . bethany charge at loki , grab he lapel , and shake he furiously . bethany why ?!? what the fuck do you hope to prove ?!? all these people - why ?!? jay ( to rufus ) I think we be not suppose to touch they ? rufus I think we bethan 's about hit she ceiling . loki slap bethany away , non-chalantly . loki this be not my idea . alright ? I just want to go home . ( take a big champagne swig ) we both want to go home . but he snap . when he realize who you be and what you would have to do , he just lose it . ( smile ) you know what 's funny about it ? he never could stand to see I work . he say he always feel son~ ' for you people - that you do not know any better . ( look up ) now look at he . jay this guy 's drunker than hell . serendipity which mean he 's human now - he wing have be cut off . ( slapping loki to sober he up ) loki ! loki! loki ( recognize she ) the muse . have not see you in a long time . what 's with the tit ? serendipity loki - have you walk through the arch yet ? c'mon. tell I ! have you go in and come out through the archway yet ?! voice no. bartleby land beside they , drape he wing at he side , brush himself off . bartleby we be await you arrival . serendipity bartleby - listen to I ! you can not go through with this ! azrael be just use you ! if you go back this way ... bartleby slap she down . bartleby I have become aware of the reprocussion , muse . I know what I be do . bethany leap at he , all fist and fury . bethany you fuck ! you sick , twisted fuck !! look what you've do !! look at all you have do ...! bartleby subdue she . he stroke she hair . bartleby bethany - you of all people should understand what I be to'e to accomplish here . you too have be abandon . you know what it 's like to be cast aside . but while you have only feel the devastating effect for a few year , I have deal with it for millenia . and while you never see you ex-husband or how blissful he be with he new wife ... ( pick up she face and smile at she ) and he be ... ( drop she head ) .. see you people everywhere . everyday , trap on this perfect little world he create for you ... it 's a constant reminder that though my kind come first , you kind be most revere . and you kind know forgiveness , while my kind know regret . a lesson must be teach . all be accountable ... even God . ( step back ) soon a cadre of police will arrive , just in time to kill we as we exit the church . and then this fail experiment call existence will cease to be . loki stumble to he foot . loki I can not ... let you do this , bartleby ... ( he sway as if drunk ) I do not know we ... would end existence ... bartleby ( to bethany ) my compatriot . genocide take a lot out of he . he 's weaken . and more importantly . he 's now a human be . a condition that carry two liability : a conscience ... bartleby pull a knife and gut loki . he stare at bartleby as he die , confuse and betrayed . serendipity nod to rufus and Silent Bob . bartleby .. and a short life span . ( in a whisper ; to loki ) sorry , old friend - but you lose the faith . rufus and serendipity and Silent Bob jump bartleby and start throw punch . Silent Bob bite he wing . jay grab bethany and pull she behind a bush . bethany ( peer out from behind ) he 's lose it ! we be fuck ! we be absolutely fuck ! jay ( pull off clothes ) I hear you . bethany I can not believe this shit ! we be on the brink of nonexistence and God 's still nowhere to be find ! what the fuck kind of deity get kidnap ?! jay ( pull open pants ) amen to that . bethany ( suddenly notice he ) what the hell be you do ?! jay I would say we have get about five minute leave to live ; the whole world 's go to end . you say you would fuck I . bethany be you a complete lunatic ?! everyone 's out there battle that thing and you want to cower back here and jump my bone ?! we have to go down fight ! jay no - no time for that foreplay stuff , just sex . bethany you pig ...! jay what ?! it 's all over ; nobody 's gonna beat that thing ! now we can either lay here all comatose like that John doe Jersey bastard behind we , or we can make with the love . bethany freeze . bethany ( finally ! ) what do you say ?! jay ' make with the love ' ? I just say that to be sensitive . usually I call it bone . bethany no - about John doe Jersey ? jay that guy - the one that they will not take off life support - John doe Jersey . this be where he 's at . bethany what ? where ? jay Saint Michael 's hospital - over there . ( point behind they ) there , across the street , sit a hospital . bethany ( think ) where 's the nearest boardwalk ? jay look , I be not get time to win you a prize or something , we gotta get to it before ... bethany where be it ?!? jay ( scared ) asbury Park . about five mile away . bethany you ever be there ?! jay ( really scared ) once . I be bang this girl who work at the carousel . she want to do it on the ride , but I get sick and start puke ... bethany ( grab he face ) do they have skee - ball there ?!? jay ( piss-scare ; high pitch ) ... yes . bethany kiss jay hard on the lip , jump up and look over the bush . jay ( warming up ) now that 's more like it . rufus and serendipity battle bartleby , he wing thrashing about . Silent Bob be get back on he foot . bethany bob ! Silent Bob look to bethany . she wave he over and bend back down to jay who half - close he eye , and pucker he lip . bethany pinch he lip together and raise jay to he foot , ust as Silent Bob arri'' . bethany ( to jay ) whatever you do - stall bartleby from go into that church ! ( to Silent Bob ) Bob - come with I ! ( they exit )