zooing time by Michael mullin July 28 , 2006 Michael mullin 29228 orion Lane , Santa clarita , CA 91390 818.404.6613 mrmullin@mac.com ext . zoo 's TIGER area - night we hear a baby cry and discover it be a newborn tiger . the mother TIGER cuddle the child , but he be inconsolable . the father TIGER approach , annoyed . father TIGER any change ? mother TIGER hmm ... well , let I see . she sarcastically hold the cry baby to she ear . mother TIGER he 's still cry . father TIGER well can not you do something ? mother TIGER can not you ? father TIGER ( menace ) I do not think you have like my idea . suddenly the baby quiet , as if he understand the threat . jefferson ( 0.s. ) a-hem . the tiger look up . sitting in a tree overhead be jefferson , a chimpanzee . jefferson sorry to interrupt . I could not help overhear . father TIGER funny how eavesdropp can lead to that . jefferson climb down and sit with they . jefferson as a concerned fellow prisoner , I can not help but point out the obvious . mother TIGER obvious what ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 jefferson you two be bear in the wild . he 's first - generation captivity . you instinct do not apply here . not behind bar . father TIGER would you excuse we ? this be a family matter . jefferson but it 's also a larger , society matter . mother TIGER what do you suggest we do ? father TIGER jefferson do not have suggestion . only complaint . jefferson they be observation . much need observation , I might add . and I can not possibly fix we situation alone . it will take the combine effort of all the animal to gain we freedom . father TIGER ridiculous . jefferson can not you see ? be lock in this cage be robbing we of not just we dignity , but we very be . the fact that you can not bond with you son be the perfect example -- the Father Tiger roar in anger , cause the baby to start cry again . jefferson freeze in fear . father TIGER we be not a example of anything - especially you political nonsense . now leave we alone . mother TIGER ( to baby ) there , there . everything 's alright . jefferson climb back up the tree , still frighten , but truly sorry that he do not help . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 ext . zoo pathway - moment later jefferson walk , concerned . down from a nearby tree come ross , a fast - talk , female babboon . ross hey - how would it go ? do you help ? do they listen ? be they go to join the fight for freedom ? jefferson badly . no. no. and no . ross do not give up . it 's a long fight . you say so yourself . jefferson thanks , Ross . ross can I help ? how can I help ? jefferson perk up a bit , and stare ahead with conviction . jefferson rally in the square . Ross 's face light up . ross you mean it ? jefferson you bet I do . he walk ahead . still smile , she head the other way . ext . zoo pathway - moment later Ross pass a rhino , a gazelle and a flamingo hang out by a close - up souvenir cart . without stop , she tell they : ross rally in the square . they roll they eye , but after a moment , they follow she . montage : Ross spread the word to several different animal that there 's go to be a : ross rally in the square . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 they all react with the same annoyed boredom , but comply . ext . zoo square - night a section - off , mini ampitheater use for kid 's show . as thirty or so animal lazily file in , Ross direct the seating as if handle a riot . ross okay , easy do it . no shove . there 's plenty of room for everyone . smaller animal down to the front . larger folk to the back , please . work with Ross be franklin , a slacker , teenage spider monkey . he mimic Ross , point animal in whatever direction she have already establish for they . when a pair of bat appear at the entrance , Ross immediately pay special attention to they . ross ( to bat ) right this way , sir . miss . -- or be it Mrs .? Ms. probably . you look like a Ms. ( to other ) Excuse we . visually challenge guest come through . make way , please . ( to bat ) you 'il be down in front here . ( to other ) Excuse we . pardon we . make way for the visually challenge . unable to get by the rhino , Ross snap at he . ross hey , a little respect here , huh ? when everyone be in place , jefferson ascend the stage . he have page of note in he hand and seem confident -- -- until he look out at the moderately - size crowd . jefferson umm ... uuhhh ... tonight ( gulp ) I just want to , um .... @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 the crowd groan . they see this come . jefferson start sweat . jefferson no , wait . I just . it 's just ... what we need be ...um , ... from the side , Ross desperately root for he , try to will he the courage to succeed . Franklin stand beside she , more confuse than anything . jefferson there 's this .... um ... you see ... ( defeat ) sorry . thanks for come . jefferson slink off the stage and sit on a nearby bench . the animal file out shaking they head . close on : the Rhino . rhino ( sarcastic ) gee , do not see that come . close on : two giraffe filing out . giraffe 1 tell I again why we do this . giraffe 2 because if we do not come as a group , he will come to each of we cage and talk for hour . Ross run to jefferson who sit quietly stare ahead . Franklin follow close behind she . ross you do good ! that be real ... progress , I think . ( to Franklin ) do not he do good , Franklin ? franklin kinda the same as last time . and the time before that . and the -- Ross smack the back of he head with she tail . ross ( to jefferson ) it 's not you fault . it 's a disorder call groupatalkaphobia . ( more ) @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 ross ( cont would ) instead of blame the victim , we , as a society , should get you the help you need . she hold he shoulder . ross ( cont 'd ) we will get through this , and everyone will join the cause . Franklin look around they set . franklin you think everyone would fit in here ? jefferson start to hyperventilate at the think . ross Nice go . Quick ! get a paper bag ! Franklin dart off . jefferson be try to say something . jefferson lin ---- linc -- .... l1111 --- ross it 's go to be fine . you do not need he . I be here . it 's okay . Franklin return with a popcorn bag . Ross give it to jefferson , who suck air from it and start choking . Ross pull the bag away and popcorn fly everywhere . she glare at Franklin . ross a empty bag , you nitwit ! Ross do the heimlich on jefferson by wrapping she tail around he waist and grab it with one hand . it work . jefferson cough up popcorn kernel and breathes again . but he eye stay stare ahead , almost catatonic . franklin why do not we just find he brother ? ross because no one know where he be . franklin do not you think that 's weird ? disappear for two hour every night . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 ross yes . but that 's lincoln . he 's weird . we ’1ll just have to wait for he to come back from ... wherever . franklin just like last time ... ext . zoo walkway - night quiet and dark . franklin ( cont ’d - o.s. ) -.. and the time before that . and the time before that . we track along a perimeter fence . suspenseful music slowly build as we approach a unknown building and track into a exhaust vent in the exterior wall . int . AIR vent —- continuous continue track as music build . faint voice can be hear in the distance , come from somewhere in the building and travel through the vent . they volume steadily increase . good guy ( 0.s. ) you will never get away with this . bad guy ( 0.s. ) we will see about that . we hear the rumbling of a fight as we turn a corner . a spooky blue glow flicker throughout this 15 - foot of air vent . the light come from a grate at the end of the tunnel . sitting in front of the grate , he back to we , be another chimp , jefferson 's brother lincoln . track in over lincoln 's shoulder and we see what he see : int . security office - continuous the only light in the room come from a 20 - inch tv in one corner . a lazy , film - geek guard ( early 20 ) sit in the desk chair , intently watch a 1970 cop movie . he be unaware of lincoln , who be also transfix by the film . close on : tv screen @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 the two man have finish they fight . the bad guy have the good guy pin to a wall . good guy the police know about you scheme . they be on they way right now . bad guy I get news for you ... close on : lincoln , watch . bad guy ( 0.s. ) «+. the police work for I . lincoln 's eye go wide , surprised by the revelation . bad guy ( cont ’d ) and you friend will not be bother I any more . I have see to that . good guy ( 0.s. ) you .... animal ! taken from the moment , lincoln roll he eye with a '' yeah , yeah '' look , then react in inspire awe as we hear the good guy escape and the force of good take over . bad guy no !! ahhhgggghhh !!! good guy that 'il teach you to operate on the wrong side of the law . dissolve to : int . security office - 10 minute later still on a satisfied lincoln , we hear theme music and see the scrolling credit reflect in he still - focus eye . ext . zoo square - late night Ross try to console a still anxiety - ride jefferson while Franklin toss a rock in the air and try unsuccessfully to bat it with a stick . lincoln approach the trio . lincoln hi guy . what 's up ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 ross we have another rally . lincoln how would it go ? franklin same as last time ... and the -- ross alright ! lincoln thanks for watch he . i’1l take it from here . Ross reluctantly make room for lincoln , who put he arm around jefferson , who be visibly calmer with lincoln there . ross good night , jefferson . see you tomorrow . jefferson just nod as he and lincoln walk off . ext . zoo walkway - night lincoln and jefferson walk . jefferson be a bit calmer . lincoln it 's just nerve . Public speak just be not you thing . jefferson how can I be a political leader if I can not face a bunch of friend in a familiar place ? lincoln I be not sure a political leader be what 's need here . jefferson that 's because you be oblivious to the oppression . they get to they cage . lincoln take a key from under a '' hide - a- key '' fake rock and unlock the door . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 10 . int . monkey cage - continuous jefferson ( cont 'd ) no one take I seriously . lincoln that 's because you take yourself too seriously . do you ever think of that ? jefferson we have a obligation to the animal who be not as smart as we be . lincoln a obligation to do what ? jefferson to better we situation . you want to spend the rest of you life in this cage ? we be prisoner ! and everyone be too blind to see it . lincoln no one be blind -- ( to himself ) well , except the bat . ( back to jefferson ) look . we be here . we be feed . we be take care of . we have doctor , for cry out loud . kid love we . jefferson they kid . lincoln there 's nothing we can do about it . all you activism . do you really think you can achieve equal rights for zoo animal ? jefferson see how they brainwash you ? there should not be any such thing as a zoo animal . we be just animal . they be responsible for the zoo part . lincoln so we should -- what ? jefferson unite ! rise up ! take we freedom back ! @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 11 . lincoln that 's impossible . jefferson nothing 's impossible . lincoln you can not win . jefferson so you should only fight if you know you can win ? lincoln ummm ... kinda - yeah . jefferson that 's some life philosophy . remind I to write that down sometime so I ' 1ll never forget it . disappointed , jefferson slink off to a dark corner . lincoln jefferson , I -- jefferson ( 0.s. ) -- good night . lincoln sigh , know this talk be over - for tonight . ext . zoo MAIN gate - morning a beautiful , sunny day . throng of people enter the gate . kid run ahead of bag-hold , stroller - push parent . look out of place in this crowd be ethan latte . a pale , thin artist - poser - type , ethan be bald , have a goatee and be dress all in black : turtleneck , sunglass and blazer -- even though it 's obviously hot out . ethan talk on a cell phone as he walk . ethan that 's not go to happen . we be shoot the scene just as I write it . tell they that ethan latte do not compromise he art for anything . -- look , I be in the middle of something here . kind of a blind date . never mind where . i’1l call you back . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 12. he flip he phone close . as the crowd disperse in different direction , we see that ethan be with a attractive single mom in she thirty and she 7 - year - old daughter . the daughter run ahead . ethan do little to hide he disdain for this outing . mom all set ? ethan yes , let 's ... zoo . mom sorry again about the mix-up . she really be suppose to be with she father today . it 's really nice of you to come along . ethan take out a dv camera and check the gauge . ethan uh-huh . while look through the lens to test light , ethan step in something , soiling he expensive , trendy shoe . the leather shoe have distinctive orange tip . ethan ( to himself ) wonderful . ext . chimp area - 10 minute later ethan and the Mom approach the daughter , who hang on the fence , try to engage the chimp . mom my sister say you make movie . that 's intere --. ethan -- film . I make film . movie have clich and car chase . lincoln hear this exchange , perk up and come down to sit closer to they . mom I see . and what do you film have ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 13. ethan meaningful storey . strong , conflict character . redeeming social commentary . see the difference ? mom uh ... sure . she be annoyed at he arrogance , but try to make the best of it , for she daughter 's sake . mom I use to see lot of movie . all kid 's stuff this day , though . ethan mmm-hmm . I have a film select in the moonsong Film Festival . the mom roll she eye and sip from a water bottle . lincoln listen intently . mom that 's nice . be that like a contest or something ? ethan let out a condescending laugh . ethan it 's only the biggest independent film showcase in the world . you get recognize there and you can write you own ticket in Hollywood , baby . in the middle of another water sip , she nearly choke on ethan 's '' baby . '' she 's about to lean into he when : daughter ( 0.s. ) look , mom ! he like I ! the daughter be up on the monkey cage railing , lean over . mom honey , do not climb on that . she scurries ahead and help she daughter down . daughter ( whisper ) that ethan guy be weird . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 14 . mom that 's actually one of he better quality . she turn back to ethan , who be again talk on he cell phone , and check himself out in the glass reflection of another section of the monkey area . lincoln come up to the glass and mimic a oblivious ethan . the mom and daughter laugh . ethan hang up . mom can you get a shot of we ? ethan a ... shot ? mom yeah . take some video of we in front of the monkey . ethan what would be the point of that ? mom to remember what great fun we have at the zoo . ethan sigh , check he camera , the sunlight , and . . CUT to : 20 minute later ethan have set up a elaborate shoot , with barrier to hold patron back - until he cue they to walk past as extras . lincoln watch , rivete . the mom and daughter be mortified as ethan call to they : ethan again ! .... and action ! the mom and daughter smile awkwardly and wave at the camera . ethan do not wave ! ... define the moment ! share the moment ! be the moment ... do not react ! Act ! during the shoot , lincoln hold he finger up and frame the mom and daughter . his composition be better than ethan 's . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 15 . ethan ( groan ) cut ! must you be so stiff ? mom okay , look , we should really be get home . ethan I be only try to say something with the film . mom you say plenty . thanks . it 's be areal ... treat . i’1l be sure to thank my sister for set we up . she take she daughter 's hand . as they walk away , the daughter look back . daughter bye - freak ! ethan erase the footage and turn to leave , but realize he have no idea which way the exit be . ext . crocodile pit - 40 minute later tire and sweat , ethan be still try to find the exit . he sit on a bench , put he camera down and try to make a cell phone call . no reception . frustrate , he get up quickly , knock he camera into the crocodile pit . it land , intact , in a bush . mikey , the crocodile immediately eye it . ethan start to climb in . mikey move , and ethan think better of it and call out . ethan Excuse I ! a little help here ! I need to speak with a zoo employee . a small crowd gather around the yell ethan . int . monkey cage - continuous lincoln be relax in a hammock when brad , a free-flying bird land nearby . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 16 . lincoln what 's all the commotion over there ? do mikey eat someone ? brad Nah . some guy drop he video camera in the pit . lincoln ( perk ) really ? brad yeah . no big -- lincoln -- get to mikey . Quick ! tell he -- suddenly , a family be at lincoln 's cage , peer in , so he slyly whisper something to Brad , who shrug and fly off . now watch by the family , lincoln scratch himself and swing on the hammock . ext . zoo croc pit - moment later ethan with a portly zookeeper who take he job very seriously , gesture dramatically with he hand as he speak . ethan can not you just climb down there ? be not that you job ?! zookeeper not exactly , sir . but we can lure the croc back inside - there - to create a safe path - here - from which we can retrieve you personal belong . ethan how long will that take ? zookeeper well , croc manipulation be by no means a exact science , but I can assure you we will do we best to retrieve you personal belong . Brad land on mikey 's head and whisper something to he . the croc look puzzle at he . Brad just shrug . suddenly , the croc move for the camera . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 17 . ethan he 's move ! he 's go to it ! do something ! zookeeper he 's just exhibit instinctive behavior . croc be naturally very curious . a often overlook fact about the giant reptile . ethan he 's go to eat it ! zookeeper ( chuckle ) oh , I doubt that , sir . he 's not like a shark . if it 's not food or food - smell , he ’1ll just -- suddenly the croc open its jaw and eat the camera . zookeeper -- well , hoo-dee-dumpkin . there 's somethin’ you do not see every day . ethan do not know whether to lash out or weep . ethan you filthy , wretch zoo be go to pay for that . zookeeper I be afraid the zoo be not responsible for personal belonging lose , steal or damage during you visit . you admittance ticket be also a contract -- ethan oh , shut up ! he storm off , but not necessarily in the right direction , so he stop and turn back . ethan how do I get out of here !? zookeeper oh that 's easy . down to the giraffe , turn right , through the tunnel and around the flamingo garden . if ya see hippos , you have go too far ! @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 18. ethan how utterly .... easy ! zookeeper enjoy the rest of you stay , sir . ethan storm off . mikey sit motionless in he pit dissolve to : ext . crocodile pit - night mikey still motionless . he have not move . lincoln ( 0.s. ) bravo . lincoln climb down next to mikey and hold out he hand . lincoln let 's have it . mikey open he jaw , revealing the camera , perfectly intact . lincoln reach , but mikey clamp shut . lincoln pull he hand away just in time . lincoln be that suppose to be funny ? mikey 's talk be dumb-sound with the camera in he mouth . mikey what 's in it for I ? lincoln nothing . mikey well that 's not good enough . lincoln sigh and look around . he expect this to be a short visit . lincoln what would you like ? mikey I do not know . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 19 . lincoln have not you have quite a bit of time to think about it ? mikey I guess . lincoln how about some food ? mikey okay . lincoln okay . you give I the camera , and I will see to it that that rock over there have food on it first thing in the morning . mikey stuff I like ? lincoln absolutely . right by that little door over there . how 's eight o'clock ? mikey think about it and finally stick he tongue out , the camera sit on it . lincoln take the slimy camera and wipe it off as best he can . int . monkey cage - later lincoln be testing the camera , learn its feature , when jefferson come in . jefferson and just what do you plan on do with that ? lincoln make a movie , write my own ticket to Hollywood and get recognize at the moonsong Film Festival . jefferson what ? the moon- who what festival ? lincoln imitate ethan , but just to amuse himself . lincoln it 's only the biggest independent film showcase in the world , baby . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 20 . jefferson when be you go to stop play and get serious ? lincoln point the camera at he brother . lincoln who 's play ? c’mon , pout - oh , you be already pout . jefferson very funny . lincoln okay , funny . funny be good . if only we have a banana peel . jefferson laugh . lincoln be stunne . lincoln be that a laugh ? jefferson no. lincoln yes it be . I have it on tape . jefferson it be not on . lincoln but I see it . ... it 's not a crime , you know . laugh . jefferson I know . lincoln ( joke ) but do not let I see it again ! this be serious business ! I be a arteest ! jefferson and I be go to bed . he go to he corner . lincoln Fine , be that way . but you will never work in this town again ! jefferson ( 0.s. ) what ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 21 . lincoln never mind . good night . lincoln fiddle some more with the camera . ext . zoo square entrance - late evening a long line of animal wait to get in . ext . zoo square stage —- continuous lincoln point the camera at we , look out from one side . lincoln okay , this be call a screen test . opposite he be a flamingo hold a sheet of paper . flamingo you want we to talk ? lincoln yeah . flamingo and human be gonna see this ? lincoln it 's okay . animal talk in movie all the time . just read the line . the important thing be to relax and have fun . he look back into the camera . the flamingo open he mouth to speak and lincoln cut he off : lincoln ( 0.s. ) and remember - you just discover you have a horrible disease and that you child be actually alien from outer space . the flamingo 's face go blank . he look down at the page and then back up at lincoln . lincoln ( 0.s. ) whenever you be ready ... the flamingo can only manage a gulp and a grunt . montage : screen test - night @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 22. we see various zoo animal through lincoln 's camera frame . a male rhino : rhino ( deadpan ) you will never take I alive , copper . lincoln ( 0.s. ) good . try it again , a little tougher . you be mean . everyone 's afraid of you . rhino ( identical deadpan ) you will never take I alive , copper . a female gazelle : gazelle I know you do not lose I anymore . lincoln ( 0.s. ) Love . gazelle what ? lincoln you do not love I anymore . gazelle I never love you . we be not even the same species -- that 's disgust -- oh ! the line . sorry . I get it . a male otter stand silent for a beat , then suddenly look scared and point to the sky : otter look out !!!! lincoln look up from he camera , and check he script . lincoln that be good , but the line be -- bonk ! lincoln get hit on the head with a fall pine cone . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 23. ext . zoo square - a hour later the test be do . lincoln start pack up and see Ross , watch curiously . she 's conflict throughout the scene . lincoln oh , hey Ross . do not see you there . C ’mon down . thanks for wait . ross ( dreamy ) me? ( catch herself ) oh , no . I be not here to be part of this movie thing . she move in closer to lincoln , unable to hide she fascination with the camera . lincoln no ? ross I be here to scold you . play with human people toy when they lock -- ( point ) what do that do ? lincoln it zoom the picture closer . wanna see ? ross of course not ! -- okay . lincoln smile and let she try the camera . as she look through , Ross reach in front of the camera , try to touch whatever be obviously zoom in close in she view . lincoln you be scolding .. .? ross ( still look ) huh ? right . people toy . lincoln you do not have to impress my brother . he like you . Ross look up from the camera . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 24 . ross that have nothing to do with -- do he say something ? what do he say ? lincoln he do not have to say anything to I . I know . ( beat ) I also know he would not mind if you be in the movie . ross really ? I do not know . that would be kinda -- okay ! -- no , I could not . he would be mad . . . would not he ? lincoln yeah , probably . ( beat ) but what if you be not actually in the movie ? Ross pretend to get it , nodd . ross aaahhhhhh -- ( give up ) what do you mean ? CUT to : ext . reptile house - night a compelling aerial shot move down and track leave around a corner of the building as a scared - look leopard run by at top speed . some moment later , as the dust settles , a exhaust ostrich run by in pursuit . CUT to : lincoln sit high on the neck of Ben , the giraffe . the camera be fastened to Ben 's head and he neck be bent low and turn , have provide the shot we just see . lincoln cut ! that be great ! the giraffe slowly straighten he neck , lift lincoln above the crowd . he look down to the ostrich . lincoln how do that feel ? be that alright ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 ostrich ( wind ) I just do not think anyone will believe that I could catch he . murmur of agreement from the animal . lincoln 25 . they only have to believe that you want to catch he . inspire , admire approval resonate . lincoln be revere . lincoln alright everyone . that 's it for tonight . remember , eight - o'clock tomorrow night . we ’1ll be ... where be we tomorrow ? he turn to Ross , who wear a cap and hold ross gift shop . lincoln a clipboard . gift shop . eight o'clock . get some rest , everyone . great job tonight . the giraffe put lincoln down next to Ross . ross you sure you wanna rip ? lincoln huh ? ross stop filming for the night . lincoln oh , wrap . it 's wrap . yeah , I gota «+. thing I gotta do . ross oh , you ... nightly ... thing . lincoln yeah , the thing . I will see ya tomorrow . lincoln start off . @michaal maltin / wea # 1109055 26 . ross alright then , have fun -- I mean , if it 's a fun thing . lincoln wave without turn around . ext . zoo pathway - several minute later lincoln be walk with he camera , elate . he pass a quiet , dark cage and stop . he think a moment and go back . int . gorilla cage area - night lincoln enter . no one seem to be around , but he suddenly hear a menace grunt from a dark corner . look closer , lincoln see the glow eye of WASHINGTON , a huge , intimidating gorilla . lincoln Washington ? the gorilla grunt again in the darkness . lincoln hi. sorry to disturb you . WASHINGTON then why do you ? lincoln I be make a movie , and I need a big tough guy . so I be wonder -- Washington suddenly roar and charge at lincoln , who drop the camera in fear and jump up a tree . lincoln yeeez , man . what 's that all about ? we be on the same team here . WASHINGTON no we be not . get out of here ! lincoln I gotta get my camera . can I get it without you hurt I ? WASHINGTON I do not know . can you ? Washington pick up the camera , look at it , then suddenly hold it up high as if he will smash it on the ground . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 27 . lincoln do not ! it 's not mine ! it 's borrow . c’mon . gimme a break . you do not want to do it , fine . a lot of other do , though . you will be ruin it for everyone . Washington put the camera down , growl some more , then move back to he dark - corner spot . lincoln climb down , pick up the camera and scoot quickly to safety . before leave , he call back in : lincoln what 's with you , anyway ? silence . lincoln shake he head and leave . ext . zoo pathway - continuous lincoln walk on and suddenly jefferson be in he face . jefferson funny thing happen on the way to the rally . lincoln huh ? jefferson nobody show up . it be I in front of a crowd of zero . lincoln there 's a easy joke there , but I be not go to say it . jefferson you little movie nonsense with this toy of we captor be set back the cause . lincoln be angere by he brother 's selfishness . lincoln oh , here we go again . the cause . freedom for all . so we can walk out into the street and get hit by a bus . jefferson get out of this prison be the only thing that matter . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 28. lincoln -- to you . jefferson you be not help . lincoln and you be just jealous because everyone 's more interested in do what I want they to do . jefferson they do not know any better . lincoln and you do ? jefferson yes ! movie be pointless . lincoln you have never even see one . movie have a ... power . they can make you laugh , cry , and think in all kind of new , exciting way . they can ... they can change the world . jefferson have you be eat bug off the orangutan again ? lincoln that be one time . jefferson how can you honestly think all that make - believe nonsense could possibly matter ? lincoln they be storey . everyone have one . jefferson they be a waste of time . lincoln think . Eureka . lincoln prove it . jefferson what ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 29 . lincoln waste some time with I . right now . jefferson what ? where ? -- ( realize ) be that where you -- ? figure . lincoln come with I . ... C ’mon . jefferson alright , fine . but only to show you just how stupid movie be . lincoln just give it a fair chance . jefferson yeah , yeah . they head off together , lincoln lead the way . int . guard house AIR vent - later lincoln 's movie-watch spot be far more cramped now that he 's share it . jefferson fidget mercilessly . the security office below be empty and dark , except for a small desk lamp . jefferson how can you sit here every night ? where be we ? suddenly the office door open . lincoln shhhhhh . jefferson ( whisper ) this be stupid already . lincoln put a finger to he lip . he 's serious . the Guard take a dvd from its case and ceremoniously put it in the player . he adeptly work the remote through menus and start the film . onscreen we see a office building with a megamulacorp sign on top . a narrator speak in voice - over : @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 30 . narrartor ( v.o. ) what you about to see be true . the people involved be not actor . lincoln sigh in disappointment , but jefferson be intrigue . narrartor ( v.o. ) ten year ago , nine employee of megamulacorp lose they life savings while company executive get rich . onscreen image cut to a group of sad-look people . narrartor ( v.o. ) this employee fight the system , beat the odd and win they justice . this be they story . lincoln shake he head and lean to jefferson . lincoln ( whisper ) this be a documentary . they be boring . we can come back another no -- jefferson shhhhhh . lincoln suddenly realize - of course - this be exactly the kind of movie jefferson would be into . and into it he be . riveted . lincoln try again to watch . old woman ( v.o. ) worked there all my life . think I could trust ‘em . guess I be wrong . bore already , lincoln 's eye wander . he start inspect and bite he nail . dissolve to : int . AIR vent - 90 minute later jefferson in the same spot , watch . lincoln lie next to he , fast asleep , drool hang from he open mouth . as the credit roll , the guard leave the office . jefferson discover the sleep lincoln and shake he . lincoln huh ? what ? who ? I be ready . -- oh it 's over ... so , what do you think ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 31 . jefferson have a determine , inspire look . jefferson where 's that camera ? he start away down the vent . lincoln ha . you see ? I tell you . movie can -- wait , my camera ? lincoln follow . lincoln why do you want my camera ? ext . chimp area - day the chimp draw they usual crowd . lincoln and jefferson sit in a hammock , conceal by tree foliage . they speak softly to mask they conversation from the watchful human . lincoln I do not know . documentary be so boring . jefferson we finally have a chance to tell we story . really tell it . lincoln I be tell a story . jefferson about what ? lincoln a unlikely hero who save the world . jefferson from ... what ? lincoln ( duh ) the bad guy . jefferson okay . and you hero be ...? lincoln ( proudly ) featherman ! ( more ) @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 32. lincoln ( cont would ) ( reluctant ) Stuart . jefferson the ostrich ? a superhero ? lincoln featherman actually have no super power . he 's just highly train -- jefferson -- Stuart ? lincoln he 's the best actor I could find . he do this thing with he eyebrow . ( imitate ) it 's really freaky . jefferson in a documentary , no one would have to act . we have all be ourselves . lincoln what about all the work we have do ? jefferson fish for a adequate answer . a-ha ! jefferson you have make everyone comfortable in front of the camera . lincoln you mean like practice ? jefferson rehearsal . the point be , you be right . movie can change the world . so let 's change ours . together . lincoln together ? jefferson we story . we movie . lincoln I get to work the camera ? jefferson who else could do it ? ( beat ) partner ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 33. jefferson put out he hand . lincoln shake it . lincoln partner . ext zoo gift shop - night the cast and crew busily set up the shoot in and out of the unlock , open gift shop . lincoln and jefferson arrive to see all the confuse , suspicious face . lincoln okay , everyone . a little change in plan . we movie be . . . cancel . the group groan and look accusingly to jefferson , who frantically coaches lincoln in whisper : jefferson replaced . improve . fix ! put a positive spin on it ! lincoln ( to group ) improve , actually . it 's a new movie . a documentary about life in the zoo . jefferson 's go to help . he know a lot about this kinda stuff . Ross wave to jefferson , then coax lincoln into the shop . int . gift shop - continuous ross we be already set up here . be we gonna have to move ? lincoln uh , yeah . I guess -- jefferson have follow they in . jefferson -- no . the gift shop be fine . let 's do a scene right here . lincoln great ! ... what scene ? jefferson pick up a blue , badly make , stuff kangaroo . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 34 . jefferson exploitation . jefferson walk out . lincoln nod . as soon as jefferson be go , lincoln stop nodd and turn to Ross . lincoln what do that mean ? ross people make money sell stuff that look like we . lincoln that 's bad ? ross definitely bad . lincoln alright then . Exploration it be . CUT to : int . gift shop - later a kangaroo hold the stuff toy and look at the camera . lincoln film while jefferson observe , off camera . lincoln do not you think blue kangaroos be more fun and exciting ? kangaroo ( confuse ) no. lincoln human people do . a crowd of animal have gather behind jefferson ( and the camera ) . they be listen , get steam up , too . kangaroo what do they know about kangaroos ? lincoln hard to say . they know a lot about merchandise though . what sell and what do not . that sort of thing . the kangaroo get angry , still hold the doll . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 35 . kangaroo nobody ask I . lincoln who care what you think ? you live in a cage . that do it . the kangaroo rip the head off the doll . stuff poof out and fly in the air . before jefferson can react , the crowd of animal burst into the shop and begin ransacking it . lincoln run around and film all he can , while jefferson desperately try to stop the chaos . jefferson no , no . stop ! this be not the point ! we can not do this ! Ross try to help control the situation , while Franklin be tear between help Ross help jefferson or join in the mayhem which look like fun . finally , jefferson find lincoln as he excitedly try to catch all he can on tape . they yell over the ruckus . lincoln this be great ! jefferson no , it 's not . it 's terrible . we be just prove we be the mindless animal they say we be . lincoln stop the camera and let that sink in . jefferson can you get they to stop ? .. . please ? lincoln ( to the crowd ) cut ! everyone stop in a sudden silence and look at lincoln . jefferson can not believe he brother 's control . lincoln this be not the scene we want . to make we point - and it 's a good one - we have to be smart and civilized . for now , take five . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 36 . the animal look to each other , confuse , and each begin to take what 's leave of the merchandise from the shelf . lincoln Minutes . take five minute . like , a break . understand now , they all leave the shop , leave lincoln , jefferson and Ross . lincoln it 's my fault . I should not have rile they up like that . ross it 's okay . you could not have know they have riot . ( to jefferson ) it 's good , though . he get through to they . they be mad . jefferson we have to be more than just mad . we have to be smart and convincing . lincoln you need a central story . something simple and emotional that the audience can relate to . but it have to be a example of the larger point . something triggers in jefferson 's mind . he light up . jefferson ( to himself ) a example . . . the tiger . ( to lincoln ) you be a genius ! lincoln thanks . what about the tiger ? jefferson they be we story . c’mon ! jefferson run out . lincoln turn to Ross . lincoln could you get everyone back in here , and -- ross -- clean up . I be on it . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 37 . lincoln thanks . lincoln leave . ext . TIGER cage - moment later lincoln catch up with jefferson . lincoln so what 's they story ? jefferson New baby . first generation captivity . lincoln and they be have trouble ? as if on cue , the baby cry start from inside the cage . jefferson lot . . . the dad be not go to be cooperative . lincoln you sure ? jefferson pretty sure . ext . zoo 's TIGER area - continuous jefferson enter . lincoln follow close behind , already filming . the baby tiger cry throughout . father TIGER what be you do back --- ( notice lincoln ) what be he do ? jefferson do not get upset . we be make a movie . father TIGER a what ? jefferson it 's a documentary about we struggle here . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 38. the tiger growl . father TIGER would you like to see struggle ? jefferson there 's no need to threaten . lincoln it 's okay . threat be good . very dramatic . jefferson yeah but , ... I could get hurt . the tiger lunge for they and they both shoot up tree . father TIGER I can climb tree , you know . mother TIGER but you will not . the three guy look at she , somewhat surprised . mother TIGER if there 's a chance this will help , we will cooperate ( to she mate ) -- fully . ( to jefferson ) what do we need to do ? jefferson just let we document . mother TIGER document ? jefferson Film . with the camera . lincoln pretend we be not here . the filming resume , awkward at first , but soon the parent relax , and lincoln get some compelling shot of the cry baby and the tiger 's effort to console he . interview shot of mother tiger . mother TIGER part of the problem be schedule . all baby need a schedule . ( more ) @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 39 . mother TIGER ( cont would ) our do not always match the zoo 's . and I think that confuse he . make he upset . I think . look up over the camera , lincoln give jefferson a covert wink . jefferson nod . all be well when suddenly lincoln look at jefferson again - only this time in a panic . jefferson what ? lincoln slowly hand the camera to jefferson . jefferson look through . Pov viewfinder : warning ! low battery ! flash onscreen . jefferson ( to tiger ) thanks . that 's all for tonight . lincoln we will be back tomorrow . jefferson we hope ! they quickly climb out . the tiger watch confuse . even the baby stop cry long enough to watch the monkey go . ext . treetop - continuous jefferson and lincoln swinging home , in silhouette . jefferson ( v.o. ) can we fix it ? lincoln ( v.0o . ) we need more battery . or to charge this one . jefferson ( v.o. ) how be we go to do that ? lincoln ( v.0o . ) I have a idea . ext . zoo CENTER - just before dawn under background music , we see lincoln speak to Franklin , brad and three other bird at a you be here directory sign . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 40 . lincoln occasionally point to the sign with a stick . although we can not hear he , it 's obvious he be relaying a strategic plan . when he finish , Franklin raise he hand and ask a unheard question . lincoln react with dismay and , by way of answer , he slowly point to the big '' you be here '' spot . ext . various zoo area — day establish shot : the zoo be pack with loud , excited people . hiding behind a tree , Franklin put headphone in he ear and turn on he ipod . cue music montage - jimi hendrix : crosstown traffic Franklin slip and duck around the zoo - completely unnoticed by human -- and pickpockets they , take video camera battery and accessory from bag and backpack . he toss whatever he pilfer up to the bird , who catch the item in flight and bring they to ... ext . chimp area - day lincoln sit hide from view behind rock . a bird fly in , carry a camera battery . he land on a branch above lincoln and drop the battery . lincoln catch it and test it in the camera . it fit . he give the bird the thumb - up , and the bird fly away . a few moment later another bird fly in carry a different size battery . lincoln check it , shake he head and toss it back to the bird who catch it and fly off . ext . lost and found - day when the attendant be not look , Brad appear , place the reject battery on the counter and fly away . the attendant turn back and be surprised to see the battery . she take it and put it on a shelf -- alongside several other video camera battery , of all shape and size . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 41. int . monkey cage - morning lincoln sit behind the rock check a battery . it 's good . he put it with several other and signal to the delivery bird by drag he finger across he neck . they be do . end music montage ext . TIGER area - night lincoln work the camera as jefferson speak to the mother Tiger , who hold the baby in a rare moment of quiet sleep . mother TIGER it 's the only life he 'il ever know . jefferson captivity ? mother TIGER yes . the father come into the shot . calm . concerned . jefferson ( to he ) and how do that make you feel ? father TIGER ( think ) sad , I guess . lincoln zoom the shot in close , then cut . the brother look to each other with pride , almost disbelief . lincoln I think we get it . jefferson I think so , too . they nod they thanks to the mother Tiger and quietly leave . int . monkey cage - late night jefferson by himself read '' Public speak for dummy '' . Ross knock and jefferson scramble to hide the book . ross hi. @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 42. jefferson hi , Ross . c’mon in . ross where 's lincoln ? jefferson take care of some business . he will be back in a little while . ross oh , no . I be not come to see he . he just be not here . be not here . jefferson oh. ross so what 's new ? jefferson ( toy ) oh nothing really . except that we finish filming tonight . ross oh , that 's nice -- ( realize ) you what ? you be do . congratulation ! she hug he , and they awkwardly de - tangle themselves . jefferson clear he throat . ross that 's really great . I be so proud -- we be all so proud . jefferson well , we could not have do it without everyone 's help . especially yours . ross oh , I do not do much . jefferson sure you do . ross thanks . jefferson you be welcome . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 43. they share yet another long , awkward moment . ross so where be lincoln ? jefferson take care of some business . ross ah. jefferson yeah . int . zoo office - night lincoln sit alone at a worker 's cluttere desk , click the mouse of a computer . the screen show a website : flytix .com , with airplane and ticket logo . he read and type . lincoln destination ? Hollywood . passenger ? two. credit Card ... ? on the wall be a post - it note with a list of work - related number . he drag he finger down the list until he find : lincoln Travel account . he smile as he type in the number . ext . zoo square - night the square be pack with animal . behind the '' stage '' area , a huge sheet have be hang taut to act as a screen . Franklin hook the dv camera ( red , yellow , white ) to the zoo 's AV equipment . he seem to know what 's he 's do . from the side of the stage , lincoln , jefferson and Ross watch as the place fill to capacity . jefferson be visibly nervous . jefferson ( to himself ) ... just some open remark . lincoln you do not have to do this . jefferson I can do this . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 44 , from the other side of the stage , Franklin turn off the overhead light , leave one like a spotlight shine on the stage . the crowd murmur die down to a still silence . jefferson maybe you better do this . lincoln I be on it . lincoln bound on stage like a rock star to enthusiastic applause . we wave , milk the attention . lincoln I would like to thank you all for come to tonight 's premiere of '' in the cage '' . this be you movie . you story . you hard work , sacrifice and honesty be what bring we here . wait , there be one other thing . one very important someone whose strength and vision make this movie a reality . he 's a very special animal ... he look to jefferson . lincoln .+. and I be not just say that because he 's my brother . let 's give a big hand to the genius behind this movie ... jefferson ! lincoln lead the clap and the crowd join in . jefferson wave and nod sheepishly from the sideline while Ross proudly go wild next to he . when the applause subside , some joker animal in the back call out : joker animal ( 0.s. ) speech ! lincoln alright , that 's not funny . the crowd suppress a laugh . jefferson take it in stride . lincoln let 's watch the movie , shall we ? the light on lincoln fade and sheet / screen suddenly glow with project light . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 45 . the movie begin with a series of close - up of cage bar and lock . jefferson 's voice come in under the picture , a smooth , confident v.o. narrator . jefferson ( v.o . ) it look harmless enough from the outside , but do not be fool . life in a zoo be no different than life in prison . except for one thing . that in prison , it can be assume , have commit some crime . the animal audience watch , intrigue . the shot switch to Stuart , the ostrich , look helpless and hopeless . ostrich I never do anything wrong . Shots of other animal , look sad , in they cage . jefferson so why be it that we be force to live in this cage , unable to roam free as we be mean to . ( dramatic pause ) unable to form the family bond that be suppose to be so natural . the film cut to the tiger footage . the audience remain engross as they feel for the cry baby tiger . in the wing : lincoln motion for jefferson to follow he . while the crowd continue to watch , the two brother quietly duck away . int . zoo bathroom - minute later jefferson at the sink . he 's just finish splash he face and look up into the mirror . he 's startled to see lincoln stand behind he , menacingly hold up a straight razor that flash in the light . jefferson ahhh !!! Holy smoke ! what be you -? lincoln laugh . jefferson regains he breath . lincoln sorry , I have always want to do that . here you go , little brother . time to humanize . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 46 . he hand jefferson the razor and squirt shave cream into he own hand . jefferson you be sure about this ? lincoln of course . he put shave cream all over he neck , chin and cheek , and with another razor , expertly remove a section of hair . in a music montage , lincoln and jefferson shave they whole body then get dress in mini-outfits : jeans , trendy stripe shirt , sportcoat and hip shoe . they admire themselves in the full - length mirror . lincoln be completely bald , but jefferson opt for leave black hair on top of he head in a mod style . jefferson where would you get all this stuff ? lincoln I know people . jefferson ( think ) no you do not . lincoln shrug and check he watch . lincoln we better get back . they head out the door . jefferson ( 0.s. ) how come you get a watch ? ext . zoo square - 90 minute later the animal audience still watch the screen . they sadness have change to determination . they be inspire . jefferson ( v.o. ) we day of freedom will come . it be what 's right . it be we destiny . finale music swell , and the crowd burst into cheer . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 47 . lincoln and jefferson arrive back in the wing just in time . they could not be prouder . lincoln you do it . jefferson we do it . they shake hand , then yank each other into a brotherly hug . the animal swarm over to lincoln and jefferson , ready to congratulate they , but the whole crowd stop dead , stunned silent when they see the shave , dress chimp . Ross , in front , gulp . ross I see you guy have a makeover thing while we , um ... a little extreme perhaps , but nice . it could work . ( beat ) I like the shoe . lincoln ( to everyone ) I can explain . we be glad you like the movie , and I be proud to announce that jefferson and I be leave - tonight - to take '' in the cage '' to the moonsong Film Festival in Hollywood . crowd ooooohhhhh .... lincoln if we win , uh ... I mean when we win , everyone will see we movie . crowd hooray ! relieved , the animal resume they congratulation with back slapping and handshake . Franklin approach the brother with a Polaroid camera . franklin you two . lincoln and jefferson turn together in a smile pose . Franklin snap the picture . as it come out the front he hand it to lincoln . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 48. ross ( 0.s. ) folk ! Excuse I . if everyone will come this way . . . we can continue this party in style . she lead they to a nearby clear where a '' premiere party '' have be set up with snack cart and soda machine . on the center table be a ice sculpture of a person in a bathtub . the animal pick up the pace , pass Ross and dig in . CUT to : insert theater : alone , lincoln put the movie tape with the camera in a leather bag , which he carry on he shoulder . he look at the develop Polaroid of he and jefferson . after it come into view , he put it in the camera bag . ext . zoo ground - continuous jefferson and Ross at the party . ross it really be great . jefferson thanks . ross so you be leave ? jefferson Flight 's first thing in the morning . we gotta be outta here . ross oh . jefferson it 's like three day . we will be back before you miss we . ross I miss you already . jefferson be surprised . Ross realize she say that out loud . ross I mean - I just mean ... good luck . jefferson thanks . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 ross I be just gonna go , you know , whoop it up . 49 . she make the '' raise the roof '' gesture . jefferson laugh . ross what ? jefferson you be not the whooping type . ross what be you say ? jefferson that you do not whoop . ross I whoop . I can whoop with the best of ‘em . jefferson uh-huh , sure . ross ask Franklin . jefferson oh , there 's a reliable source . ross jefferson I be crush that -- -- come with we . ross what ? where ? jefferson to this movie festival thing . ross I could not - could I ? jefferson why not ? ext . zoo party - minute later lincoln and jefferson , off by themselves . CUT to : @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 50 . lincoln -- because I only have two plane ticket , that 's why not ! I and you . ( calm ) look , little brother , I be glad you ask she . that 's a big step . lincoln look over jefferson 's shoulder at something . jefferson it 's okay . she ’1ll understand . she 's very ... what 's the word I be look for ? lincoln pack . suddenly Ross run up to they , carry several pack bag . ross hi guy ! this be so exciting ! jefferson yeah ... Ross ... the thing be . ross what ? what be the thing ? I can not go . you be say I can not go . that 's the thing . jefferson there be only two ticket . one for lincoln -- lincoln hold up the ticket . suddenly a big gorilla hand come into frame and take one . lincoln react . WASHINGTON ( 0.s. ) -- and one for I . lincoln hey ! give that back ! Washington inspect the ticket . WASHINGTON I will be join you on you trip . lincoln I do not think so . WASHINGTON I be not ask . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 51 . lincoln yeah , well as much as I would enjoy you delightful company , this be we trip . so go back to you cave , Kong . lincoln try to snatch the ticket back from Washington , but can not get clear before Washington grab he by the throat . jefferson whoa-whoa ! wait a sec ! let go of he ! what 's go on here ? lincoln ( choke ) I think he want a ticket . jefferson put he down ! Washington drop lincoln , who land breathe heavily . jefferson ( to Washington ) what 's this about ? WASHINGTON ( seethe ) I would like ... very much ... to accompany you to Hollywood . jefferson well , you can not . sorry . WASHINGTON one ticket for I . one for he . Washington point to lincoln . jefferson what about I ? WASHINGTON you go in here . he reveal a giant duffle bag . WASHINGTON ( cont ’d ) avoid the big ...city ... crowd . jefferson suddenly look nervous . lincoln have regain he breath and pull jefferson aside . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 52. lincoln do not listen to he . he 's just try to scare you . jefferson ( scared ) maybe he could , you know , protect we . lincoln and who would protect we from he ? WASHINGTON we would better get go . we do not want to miss we flight . lincoln no way . this trip be about the movie . the movie you do not want to be a part of . jefferson he 's right , Washington . I be sorry . WASHINGTON ( be duffle bag ) there 's room for you friend . and all she luggage . jefferson pause . he look at Ross , who try to hide the fact that she 's suddenly beam with hope . lincoln alright , fine . you win . hey , everyone ! what do a 800 - pound gorilla get ? anything he want . ha-ha. ( to jefferson and Ross ) get in the bag and let 's go . CUT to : ross and franklin Ross hold Franklin by the shoulder . he have he headphone in , so Ross talk loudly . ross now I will only be go a few day . you will be alright , alright ? Franklin nod . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 53. ross just stay out of trouble . practice you skateboard . I want to see new trick when I come back , okay ? Franklin nod again . CUT to : zoo clearing - moment later the animal wish the group well . jefferson help Ross put she luggage into the duffle . then they climb in . the bag look ridiculously heavy , but Washington pick it up with ease . he follow lincoln , who have walk ahead , fume . ext . zoo front gate - a minute later lincoln and Washington arrive . as lincoln fish in he jeans pocket , Washington reach for the lock as if he will rip it off to free they . lincoln stop he . lincoln whoa , whoa , mighty Joe . lincoln produce a key from he pocket . lincoln no destruction . see this as the first of many thing on this trip we be go to do my way . get it ? lincoln unlock the gate and swing it open . WASHINGTON of course . lincoln why be you come anyway ? what 's in it for you ? WASHINGTON it 's personal . lincoln great - thanks for share . WASHINGTON you be welcome . they walk out . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 54 . ext . STREET - minute later at a corner , lincoln stand alone next to the duffle . he hail a cab . when the cab stop , lincoln call in . lincoln pop the trunk ? the trunk pop open and lincoln reach for the enormous bag . but in one fluid motion , Washington appear from behind a tree , grab the bag , put it in the trunk , climb into the trunk himself and close the hood . lincoln make as if he do all that and get in the backseat . lincoln ( 0.s. ) Airport . the cab pull away . ext . airport - 20 minute later the cab idle far from the curbside check - in crowd . lincoln and Washington ( with the duffle ) duck inside the terminal . int . airport -— continuous lincoln and Washington look around . lincoln we gotta find you some clothes . but first , gimme you ticket . i’1l do all the talk . WASHINGTON you have my ticket . lincoln no I do not . you take it . I still have the scar . lincoln point to he neck . WASHINGTON you take it back . lincoln ( panicked ) no I do not ! @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 55 . WASHINGTON then jefferson do . lincoln be already unzipping the duffle . lincoln do you have the other ticket !? jefferson ( from within ) nope . lincoln glare at Washington . WASHINGTON somebody take it . lincoln yes ! you ! you take it ! from I ! and that , not so coincidentally , be when everything start go wrong ! jefferson poke he head out . jefferson calm down . it have to be around here somewhere . lincoln no , actually , it do not ! the truth be , it could be anywhere . anywhere ! CUT to : ext zoo square —- simultaneous bounce to he music , Franklin sweep up after the party . he unknowingly push the miss ticket onto a trash heap . jefferson ( v.o. ) you be exaggerate . int . airport - simultaneous back to the gang . lincoln ( fake calm ) you be right . there be a lot of place where that ticket cannot be . unfortunately , one of that place seem to be here with we ! @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 56 . Ross poke she head out of the bag . ross ahem ! guy . I think the idea be to keep a low profile . jefferson she 's right . let 's just think of a plan . we can fix this . WASHINGTON ( to lincoln ) I take the ticket , and you get in the bag . lincoln no way ! you have mess up enough already . I be not have you talk to people and get we send ... who -know - where . if anyone 's get in that bag , it 's you ! lincoln suddenly fall into think , glance back and forth between the bag and Washington . jefferson catch on . jefferson that 's imposs -- lincoln -- nothing 's impossible . CUT to : int . airport - minute later now carry the video camera bag over he shoulder , lincoln stand by himself next to the duffle bag , which be even more stuff . it look as though the seam will burst . lincoln begin walk away , then turn back and snap he finger at the bag . the bag stand up , thanks to Washington 's hand and feet stick out hole cut into the bottom . he walk behind lincoln , revealing all Ross 's luggage which have be leave behind to make room . CUT to : @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 57 . int . airport ticket counter - minute later lincoln check the bag . the counter rep look at the scale and show surprise . the scale show fifty pound . counter rep only fifty pound . look much heavier than that . lincoln I do not like hotel pillow . counter rep so you bring you own ? what a great idea ! pull back wide to reveal the duffle bag be on the scale , but Washington 's foot be stick out onto the floor , take all the weight . while the counter rep type , Washington switch foot so he can maneuver onto the conveyor belt behind the counter rep . the scale momentarily show full weight : 950 pound . the counter rep stop type and do a double - take , but the scale number suddenly return to 50 . Washington 's other foot have reach the floor behind she . the rep shake it off and easily hoist the bag -- with Washington 's help - onto the conveyor . lincoln watch anxiously as the oversize bag move away . counter rep Sir ? .. . Sir ? lincoln snap from he trance . she hand he he board pass . counter rep you board pass . Gate Seven B. have a good trip . sleep well ! she smile at she cleverness , so lincoln do too . he look down the conveyor belt again , but the bag be go . CUT to : airport security gate - minute later lincoln approach the gate , the camera bag on he shoulder . he watch that before he to see what this be all about . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 58. when it 's he turn , he put the camera bag on the move belt and watch nervously as it go into the machine . the guard hold a plastic bowl out to lincoln . guard key ? loose change ? cell phone ? lincoln just shrug and shake he head , so the guard motion he through . lincoln pass through the gate without any alarm . on the other side , he get he camera bag , then stop to notice a toddler be scan with a electronic wand . lincoln walk on and we see , wait for they turn behind the toddler , be a elderly man , a nun and a fully decorate military officer . int . airplane - 20 minute later lincoln find he window seat and settles in , glad that everything be back on plan . he look out the window and be surprised to see Ross 's luggage by itself out on the runway . lincoln ( to himself ) hey , be not that --? boom ! the luggage suddenly explode and security force rush in to inspect . lincoln wince . then he see a runway worker load luggage onto he plane . when he grab the giant duffle , Washington 's foot come out the bottom and he '' walk '' to the conveyor belt . lincoln smile . stacy ( 0.s. ) Magazine , sir ? lincoln look up to see stacy , a blond mannequin of a flight attendant , hold magazine . stacy ( cont 'd ) we have Global News today , Science today , gourmet today , investing today , fashion today and Movie talk . lincoln perk up , take Movie talk and flip through it . lincoln ( v.o. ) ( in he head ) look at all this glitz and glamour . Hollywood be definitely the life . ( more ) @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 59 . lincoln ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) and I be almost there . whoa , she 's with he ? what 's up with that ? he come across a feature on the moonsong Film Festival . lincoln ( v.0o . ) huh. moonsong . it 's a sign . let 's see what it say ... ( read to himself ) once a year , Hollywood 's elite gather in the mountainside town of rockbluff , Colorado for a three - day event showcase the year 's best independent movie . lincoln sigh , close he eye dreamily and lay he head back . after a moment or two of bliss ... his eye pop OPEN in panic . he look back down at the magazine , then stand up on he seat . lincoln rockbluff , Colorado ?! stacy , the flight attendant swoops over to he . stacy Sir , I will have to ask you to take you seat and remain calm . lincoln I be on the wrong plane ! I think I be go to Hollywood . stacy it 's okay . there 's no airport in Hollywood . this be a Los Angeles flight . you can -- lincoln -- no - I be suppose to go to rockbluff , Colorado ! I gotta get off ! do not shut that door ! passenger be freaking out at the strange dwarf cause a scene . tracy , another plastic-perfect attendant come by . tracy what 's the trouble ? stacy say he 's on the wrong plane . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 60 . lincoln know he 's on the wrong plane . stacy need to go to rockbluff , Colorado . tracy ( perk up ) for the moonsong Film Festival ? lincoln ( sigh relief ) yes . . . thank you . if you could just open the door . tracy be you , like , famous ? lincoln see he opportunity and play along . lincoln well , I guess you might say that . name 's lincoln . I be a director . stacy and Tracy gasp , and start jockey for position , straighten they hair , and blink a lot . lincoln play into they . lincoln have not I see you two in something ? that movie about the genius super - model who save the world ? that be you , be not it ? they giggle modestly . stacy tracy no. no. lincoln it be not ?! well , it shoulda be ! look , I just need a small favor . CUT to : int . airplane door - a minute later stacy and Tracy escort lincoln back out of the plane . stacy you ticket 's at you new gate . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 61 . lincoln thanks . I just need my bag . stacy already bring up . it 's back inside there . lincoln thanks , Tracy . stacy I be stacy ! tracy I be Tracy ! lincoln and do not ever change . they giggle be silence only by the plane door close . int . airport terminal gate - a minute later no one be around . lincoln come back in from the plane and look around . the only bag be a large plaid suitcase with a note on it . lincoln rush to it and read the note . insert note : passenger lincoln . lincoln uh , no ... wrong bag . hello ? not mine . anyone ? he look to the window just in time to see he plane take off . as it climb , he walk toward the window in a daze . he keep walk until - thud . his forehead hit the glass . it do not seem to phase he . he just watch the plane disappear . CUT to : int . airplane - a half -hour later en route to Denver , lincoln sit between a fast - asleep rocker teen and a overweight businessman juggling file , coffee and a laptop in the cramped space . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 62. lincoln look worried . although rack with guilt , he can not help but steal glance at the romantic comedy play silently on the plane 's small movie screen . ethan ( 0.s. ) could this be any more ridiculous ? lincoln perk up at the familiar voice , come from the aisle seat in the row in front of he . so he slowly unbuckle he belt and stand on he seat , cautiously lean forward . peek . sure enough , it 's ethan latte , blabbing to the cute female traveler next to he . she wear headphone , try to enjoy the movie . ethan watch without headphone , comment loudly . she do she best to ignore he without be rude . ethan and we be suppose to believe that ? ( lean to she ) why buy headphone , baby ? same movie we have all see a thousand time . she give up , take off the headphone and immediately take out a book to focus on . ethan I be with you , baby . that romantic comedy nonsense just stink . ( beat ) I have a film in the moonsong Film Festival . I be head there now to pick up my prize . ( smirk ) of course , there 'il be other film there , too . but let 's just say I like my chance . she say nothing . lincoln listen through the long pause which do not seem to bother ethan . ethan my film 's call '' Zoe 's time '' . it 's about a young girl struggle to find herself . moonsong recognize the genius of it . thousands of film be submit , you know , but only the best of the best be select . it 's not like you can just show up with a videotape . lincoln gulp at this new , disturbing bit of information . he slump back in he chair , lose in think - and guilt . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 63. he take up the camera bag , take out the final - cut dv tape mark '' in the cage '' and stare at it . ethan ( 0.s . ) no way , baby . not at moonsong . this be the big time . amateur and loser , stay home . next to the camera be the Polaroid of he and jefferson . he take it out and look at it , troubled . lincoln settles back in he seat , lose in think . lincoln ( v.o . ) okay , status update . I be on my way to a festival I be not invite to . with a movie I will not be able to show anyone . and my brother will soon arrive lose in another city . okay . could this trip get any worse ? ethan ( 0.s. ) you know who 's overrate ? the german expressionist -- I know what you be go to say , the emphasis on self through the medium - believe I , I be all for that . but what do they really accomplish , artistically ? the sleep teen next to lincoln fidget , and he headphone fall off onto he lap . lincoln carefully unplug they from the teen 's music player , plug they into he armrest , and put they on , settling in to the movie . int . L.A. airport baggage claim - hour later the giant duffle sit alone beside the baggage carousel under a '' oversize bag '' sign . the zipper be pull from the inside and give , slide open a little . jefferson peek out . WASHINGTON ( 0.s. ) where be he ? jefferson he will be here . just shhhh ! WASHINGTON ( 0.s. ) I have a cramp . jefferson who do not ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 64 . ross ( 0.s. ) I do ! I be sorry - be that one of that historical question ? jefferson alright the coast be clear . i’1l have a look around . jefferson try to get out smoothly and cautiously , but trip when he foot get stick . he try to kick free . ross ( 0.s. ) ow . that would be I . jefferson sorry . after more clumsy struggle , he frees himself , just as a buzzing alarm sound . jefferson freeze , think he 's catch , but it 's just a carousel start up . the room suddenly fill with passenger from another flight . jefferson freeze again at the sight of the human crowd . Washington notice . WASHINGTON never mind they . just find lincoln . jefferson ( gulp ) maybe you better come along . jefferson grab the duffel handle . Washington sigh and stick he hand and foot out the bottom to walk along . jefferson walk along the rental car counter '' carry '' huge duffel , and get perplex stare from people he pass . they arrive at the quarter - locker area . jefferson maybe we can find you some clothes and you can get out . the bag unzip . Washington get out . Ross stick she head out . WASHINGTON I be all for that . jefferson motion with he head toward the locker . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 65 . WASHINGTON you want I to break the door ? jefferson do I look like I have a key ? Washington smile as he rip the door open . Inside be a suitcase contain a few item , include a huge , tent - like dress and match floppy hat . jefferson perfect . WASHINGTON I do not think so . jefferson we be not shopping here . it fit ; put it on . Washington grunt and pull the dress over he head and put on the hat . jefferson motion for he to pick up the bag , but Washington just stand there . jefferson c'mon . WASHINGTON I - can not . jefferson look , I do not care if you be embarrassed . now swallow you pride and let 's go . WASHINGTON I ... can not . jefferson why not ?! WASHINGTON I need you to zip I up . jefferson suppress a laugh and stand on the duffle to zip Washington 's dress . he come down and inspect the outfit . jefferson it 's so last year . be you okay with that ? Ross laugh . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 66 . WASHINGTON you know what I think be funny ? all this joke around after be abandon . jefferson what ? lincoln do not abandon we . WASHINGTON you have a better explanation ? jefferson he 's obviously in trouble . do you know what they do to anyone do anything out of the ordinary on airplane and airport this day ?! ross it 's a total violation of civil rights . jefferson he could be capture . that people could be , at this very moment , torture he with tiny , sharp object ! CUT to : int . moonsong film festival reception - evening close on : a human hand hold a toothpick . the hand thrust down and we follow as the toothpick land ... .» . . in a swedish meatball on a houer d’ovre tray full of meatball . the human pick up the meatball and eat it . as the waiter move along , we see lincoln outside a window , peek in at the party . ext . moonsong reception - continuous lincoln at the window . he peek around the building 's corner at the entrance . everyone go into the party wear a festival credential badge a security guard check badge and greet guest warmly . without a badge , lincoln be stump -- until he see ethan latte come out of the party dial he cell phone . ethan walk a comfortable distance from the building . lincoln climb up a tree and over above ethan , listen . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 67 . ethan ( into phone ) it 's a lock . nothing but hack here . that prize be as good as mine . call I when you get this message . ciao ! behind he , lincoln jump down - right in ethan 's path - just before ethan turn back . ethan be startle by this short , odd - look man . lincoln ethan latte ? ethan yes , and you be ? lincoln Max linkletter . bigshot production . get a sneak peek of you film . do not ask how . the thing be , you make it . I love it . we want it . and we will pay big . ethan I be sure there will be many offer . lincoln not like ours , kid . six picture deal . nobody get in you way . ever . walk with I . we will talk lincoln head away from the front door , around the building . ethan why not just talk inside ? lincoln too many Hollywood phony , know what I be say ? ethan I sure do . ethan follow he . ext . moonsong reception - minute later lincoln have lead ethan to a side service / kitchen delivery entrance . large crate and box be stack around . a delivery truck with its back open idle nearby . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 68. no one be around . ethan so you have a deal for I ? lincoln all in good time . but first -- lincoln jump onto a stack of crate , make he about as tall as ethan . he put he arm around ethan 's shoulder . lincoln -- I want you to picture something with I . . . you name , in light - lincoln direct ethan 's gaze into the night sky . while lincoln speak and ethan dream , lincoln use he tail to swipe ethan 's Festival credential , cell phone and hotel key . lincoln - as tall as a building ! everyone know what they be come to see . the name of the movie -- er , I mean the film , do not even matter . as long as it be make by ethan latte . ethan I like the way you think . suddenly ethan 's cell phone - in lincoln 's pocket - ring . ethan be perplex , can not find he phone , then notice he badge and room key be go , too . lincoln hey ! what 's go on here ? who be you ?!? lincoln climb up higher , out of reach . lincoln I tell you . rex litelinker . ethan you say you name be Max linkletter . lincoln ( bust ) well , you can never have too many name in Hollywood . ethan climb after he , but lincoln easily get down . lincoln run along the delivery dock and ethan chase , fume , when suddenly the service entrance door swing open and smack he dead in the face . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 69 . a oblivious delivery guy walk past to he truck . the door swing close , revealing a dizzy ethan , who angrily stumble on toward a seemingly cornere lincoln . ethan lunge to tackle lincoln , but the chimp deftly climb the crate , leave ethan to crash into they . now even more groggy , ethan look around for lincoln . ethan where be you , you little freak ? lincoln ( 0.s. ) over here , you pretentious amateur . ethan spy lincoln stand on the edge of the load dock , with truck right behind he . enrage at the insult , a bruise and batter ethan race for he . at the last second lincoln unlatch the truck 's back door , and hold the strap . as the door roll up and open , lincoln be lift out of harm 's way . lincoln 's tail , hang down , hold a board which smack the rush ethan right in the face . lincoln jump back to the dock . practically unconscious , ethan stand teeter on the edge of the small load dock . as the delivery truck revs into gear , lincoln swing he tail around so the board bonk ethan on the butt , knock he into the back of the truck . the impact of ethan landing and the truck pull away cause the door to tumble down shut . lincoln toss the board , which lock the truck door , just as the truck pull away . satisfied , lincoln nod and turn away . ext . moonsong reception front door - moment later lincoln enter show ethan 's credential . he 's fix he own picture and name to the badge . int . moonsong reception - simultaneous lincoln soak up the scene , but only get odd stare from the beautiful , wealthy Hollywood crowd . he take out ethan 's cell phone and pretend to talk on it - just loud enough so that around he can hear . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 70 . lincoln I be tell you , they get my film title wrong . I spend all this time and money make '' zoo time '' and it show up in the program as '' Zoey 's time . '' a reception man and woman nearby lean in , listen . lincoln I could not believe it .... I be not kid . some festival this turn out to be . I keep tell they : '' it 's not Zoey 's time . it 's '' zoo time ... '' he look around to ensure he 's be listen to . lincoln --. it 's not '' Zoey 's time '' . it 's zoo time . '' I do not know how much clearer I can be . reception man ( whisper ) zoo time ? the woman raise she eyebrow in interest then whisper in the ear of another woman nearby . that woman take out she program and together they look and point . lincoln as far as I be concerned this festival 's reputation be at stake . montage of guest whisper and point as the news spread throughout the party . lincoln look around triumphantly . int . los angele airport coffee shop - day jefferson and Washington ( in he dress and hat , carry a large purse ) stand with coffee at the cream and sugar counter . Ross poke she head out of Washington 's purse . ross that smell good . do you get I one ? by way of answer , Washington push she head back in . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 71 . they watch another patron , coffee guy approach , dump coffee into the trash and pour cream in . shrugge to each other , jefferson and Washington do the same . jefferson Excuse I , we be try to get to the moonsong Film Festival . coffee guy first thing be get back on a plane . jefferson pardon ? coffee guy Festival 's in Colorado . ( think ) or you could take a bus . a lot cheaper . good luck ! the coffee guy walk away , sip carefully . ext . airport sidewalk - minute later jefferson and Washington come out into the bustle of honk car and wait cab . solicite cabbie noticeably avoid the freakish guy and huge , hairy lady . jefferson we need a place to lay low . maybe we stay here . WASHINGTON I do not exactly feel welcome . Ross poke she head out . ross hey , look ! she point to a cab with a LA zoo poster ad on top . jefferson look to Washington , who shrug in agreement . int . cab front seat - a moment later the driver sleep at the wheel . jefferson knock on the half - open window , startling he awake . cab driver what ?! I can wait here . huh ? who be you ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 72. jefferson can you take we to the zoo ? cab driver I be on break . any cab can take you to the zoo ! suddenly Washington lean into frame , look menace . the driver react with fear . cab driver okay-okay . yeah , sure . get in . ext . los angele zoo parking lot - evening Washington and Ross be just inside a wood area , at the far , secluded end of the lot . they be keep hide , peek toward the zoo 's front gate , where they see the last employee car drive away , leave the place dark . ross how long have we be here ? WASHINGTON too long . suddenly jefferson jump down from a tree behind they . jefferson hey . they turn , startle . ross what ? -- we think you be in there . jefferson I be . the coast be clear . c’mon . ross you get we room and board ? jefferson even better . I get a job . ross ( excited ) what ?!? jefferson we will have money for bus ticket by morning . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 73. Washington still stare at the zoo entrance , lose in think . WASHINGTON maybe this be a mistake . jefferson what be you talk about ? good night 's sleep . Big breakfast ... WASHINGTON ( snap out of it ) huh ? what ? what do you say ? jefferson c’mon . we get a zoo to clean . they head to the gate . Washington hesitates , then follow . ext . LA zoo ground - night no people . jefferson lead a team of chimp clean up the grounds . they all work quickly and efficiently , make the whole place spotless . Ross approach jefferson . ross I be impressed . jefferson lincoln 's not the only charming , influential one in the family . ross that 's true ... what do you think happen to he ? jefferson some kind of mix up . I do not know . where 's Washington ? ross turned in early . he 's be act weird since we get here . int . LA zoo gorilla cage - night Washington walk around receive stare from the other gorilla . he too , look they over , but in a different way . he be look for someone . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 74 . someone he do not find , so he sit off in a corner by himself and let go a sigh as heavy as he be . patty ( 0.s. ) of all the gorilla cage in all the zoo in this crazy world ... Washington perk up at the sound of she familiar , gentle , yet worldly voice . he speak without turn around as we see patty , a female gorilla emerge from the shadow behind he . WASHINGTON I know you would be here . patty and I know you have come back one day . be not we the smart one ? we shoulda be chimp . Washington smile . WASHINGTON how have you be , Patty ? patty good . . . I guess . she come to he and they sit face to face , look for what be once there but be now distant , if not altogether lose . WASHINGTON they treat you well here ? patty of course . you ? WASHINGTON it 's be a struggle . patty why do that not surprise I ? WASHINGTON what do you mean ? patty you always make everything harder than it be . work . us. from the day we meet to the day you leave . Washington be surprised to hear it phrase that way . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 75 . WASHINGTON the day i_ leave ? you act like I have a choice . patty I guess not . WASHINGTON ( anger a bit ) you guess ? be put in a cage be one thing . but when they put you cage on a truck and drive out of town , it 's not like ... patty ever wonder why you be put on that truck ? WASHINGTON ( angere ) because I be not need anymore -- patty -- because you be difficult ! Washington grunt . he do not want to hear that . WASHINGTON it be a difficult time . patty it be almost two day before I even know you be go . do you know how hard that be ? WASHINGTON yes ! actually , I know exactly how hard that be ! it be just as hard as find a way back to you . but I do it ! now it seem I come all the way back so we could argue . patty I do not know why you come back . WASHINGTON ( defeat ) to see you . I just want to see you . patty what for ? WASHINGTON because I be tired of not see you . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 76 . they turn to each other . she put she head on he shoulder . patty I know it be not you fault . WASHINGTON it 's good . . . to see you . int . moonsong theater lobby - night a quaint but modern theater . lincoln stand by a sign that read '' tonight 's screen : Zoey 's zoo time '' . lincoln greet excited guest as they file in . lincoln good to see you . . . good to see you .. . thanks for come . . welcome . . . good to see you ... int . moonsong theater - ten minute later pack house wait in anticipation as zoo time begin . lincoln stand in the back , anxious . onscreen be the series of close - up of cage bar and lock . jefferson ( v.o . ) it look harmless enough from the outside , but do not be fool . life in a zoo be no different than life in prison . except for one thing . that in prison , it can be assume , have commit some crime . the shot switch to the ostrich , look helpless and hopeless . ostrich I never do anything wrong . the moonsong audience burst out laughing . lincoln freeze in shock as the movie continue . jefferson ( 0.s. ) ( from the movie ) so why be it that we be force to live in this cage , unable to roam free as we be mean to . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 77 . dissolving montage of the audience crack up , and lincoln 's rise panic . we hear snippet of animal talk from the screen ; each line speak get a roaring laugh . audience member 1 how do they do that ? audience member 2 the animal be chew gum . then they dub in the actor 's voice . brilliant , be not it ? audience member 1 hilarious ! more laughter as we see lincoln , try desperately to see the bright side . at least they like it . CUT to : int . moonsong theater lobby - a hour later lincoln be mobbed by congratulatory festival - goer . lose brother aside , he can not help but be sweep up in the attention . Press microphone be thrust at he . reporter ( 0.s. ) what 's next for you , lincoln ? lincoln I would just like to finish the festival , see where we be and go from there . reporter 2 ( 0.s. ) you think Hollywood 's ready for you ? lincoln we ’1ll soon find out , will not we ? crowd laughter . reporter 3 ( 0.s. ) hey , lincoln ! where have you get the idea for you movie ? lincoln gulp , suddenly bring back to reality . lincoln uh , well . actually my brother have a lot to do with it . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 78. reporter 2 he must be one funny guy ! the crowd laugh in agreement . lincoln no , he 's not . I mean , he be , but it 's just that -- reporter 2 ( 0.s. ) where be that wacky brother of yours , anyway ? lincoln I do not ... I mean I be not sure , exactly . on lincoln 's sadden face we ... dissolve to : LA zoo ground - night jefferson walk along , elate . he climb up a bench and jump over the back as he head past a arrow sign that read : gorillas . at the gorilla cage , jefferson look in and see Washington in a intimate cuddle with Patty . his eye widen in surprise . jefferson a-hem . Washington and Patty look up . jefferson I have some great news . patty ( see shave jefferson ) goodness ! what happen to you ? WASHINGTON ( to Patty ) it 's a long story . ( to jefferson ) what be it ? jefferson sorry to - ahem - interrupt . I already make enough money for one bus ticket . if I go in the bag , we can leave tonight . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 79 . patty a bus ticket ?! jefferson you two . . . know each other ? patty so I guess I be not the purpose of this trip . WASHINGTON you be the purpose of my trip . jefferson have he own reason for be here . patty what reason ? jefferson ( confuse ) it 's about a movie we make . Patty look surprised . Washington wince . patty ( to Washington ) you make another movie ? now it 's jefferson who be surprised . jefferson another movie ? Patty laugh . patty ( to Washington ) he do not know ? I should have guess . Mr. secret. ( to jefferson ) you friend here be a movie star . WASHINGTON Patty , do not . jefferson a what ?!?!? patty it be year ago , but he be the most seek - after gorilla in the business . you make - what ? - five picture ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 80. Washington sigh . he 's not go to avoid this talk , as much as he have like to . WASHINGTON six . patty ( to jefferson ) let 's see , there be jungle escape , return to the jungle , jungle hunters , jungle Dawn , night of the live jungle ... WASHINGTON let 's not forget my comedy ... Washington leave they . patty oh yeah . jungle bungle . ever hear of that ? jefferson nod enthusiastically , but after only a second , shift to shaking he head no . jefferson but my brother would know they ! he 's the movie expert . he 's at the moonsong Film Festival right now , with we documentary ... patty moonsong . . . impressive . jefferson look in the direction Washington go . Patty feel sorry to have bring it up that way . jefferson I better ... patty yeah . ext LA zoo grassy hill - night Washington sit by himself , stargazing . he sigh . jefferson appear at the bottom of the hill . jefferson mind if I come up ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 81. WASHINGTON I guess not . jefferson ascend and sit down next to the big gorilla . jefferson do not seem like anything to be ashamed of . be in movie , I mean . WASHINGTON I be not ashamed . I love that work . ( pause ) and I admire you passion . I once have passion like you do . for the movie . for Patty . jefferson what happen ? WASHINGTON I wake up one morning and instead of be take to work , I be take to the Chicago zoo . jefferson wow . I be sorry . ( think ) that 's the story we should have tell in the movie . no response . jefferson let out a nervous laugh . jefferson next time . they sit quietly for a few moment . WASHINGTON next time . jefferson smile . jefferson I take it you will not be come to Colorado with we . Washington just shake he head . jefferson you take care of yourself . and you friend , too . she must be pretty special . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 82. WASHINGTON she be . . . same for you and Ross . jefferson huh ? me? Ross ? we be not - together . WASHINGTON whatever you say . jefferson stand . jefferson so I guess I ’1ll see you around ? WASHINGTON I can not imagine how . jefferson shrug agreement , and Washington hold out he massive hand to shake . jefferson shake it . WASHINGTON I ’1ll see you around . int . bus - late night a tired jefferson sit by the window look out and the sparse highway traffic . a large backpack sit in the empty seat next to he . int . moonsong HOTEL hallway - simultaneous close on elevator door as it open , revealing lincoln . as he step out a bellhop who be wait get on . bellhop you be the man ! lincoln smile and as the elevator door close and lincoln walk away toward he room ... lincoln ( to himself ) yes , that be the whole shave , tricky plan part of it ... int . moonsong HOTEL room - moment later expensive room . lincoln come in and be surprised to find gift of all kind : flower , champagne , fruit , everything set up all around the room . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 83. he spot the phone blink and push the message button . phone voice you have thirty - one message . lincoln pick up the phone , then stop himself . lincoln Nah . let ‘em wait . I be the man . he hang up and go into the bathroom . a moment later we hear ethan 's electric razor turn on . dissolve to : int . bus - dawn jefferson sleep uncomfortably in he seat , he head press against the window . Ross 's head now stick out of the backpack and she sleep lean on he arm . dissolve to : int . lincoln 's HOTEL room - simultaneous lincoln sleep blissfully in he 5 - Star bed , wear silk pajamas and a hotel eye shade . a knock at the door wake he up . he listen . another knock . ethan ( 0.s. ) ( from hallway ) room service . Breakfast . lincoln ( groggy ) I do not order anything . ethan ( 0.s. ) ( from hallway ) compliment of one of the studio , Mr. lincoln . lincoln smile , get up and open the door , revealing the back of ethan , dress as room service waiter . lincoln thanks . just bring it on in . lincoln move aside as ethan back in pull the breakfast cart , keep he face hide . lincoln close the door and turn to see -- @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 84. ethan ! back for revenge . ethan gotcha ! lincoln jump for the door , but ethan dive across the breakfast cart , block he . lincoln run to the bed . ethan follow in chase and dive again , but lincoln evade and ethan crash into the nightstand . lincoln head into the bathroom , but before he can shut the door , ethan shove he foot in . ethan crash in and slam the door . we hear the crash fight in the bathroom for a few moment and then it suddenly stop . ethan ( 0.s. ) ( disgust ) what do you do to my razor ?!?! the crash fight continue , end with the ringing thump of ethan fall ( presumably headfirst ) into the tub . a moment later the shower turn on . lincoln rush out into the room , wedge a chair under the bathroom doorknob , and quickly half - dress . grabbing the rest of he clothes - and the video camera - he run out . int . HOTEL elevator - moment later lincoln , now fully dress , stand alone , the camera point at himself . Pov camera viewfinder . lincoln 's close - up , slightly off-center face . lincoln I have get good news and bad news . the good news be : everyone love the movie . it 's call zoo time now . i’1ll explain later . the award be tonight . I think we could actually win ! now for the bad news : first , I be be chase by a guy who pretty much want to kill I . again , I will explain later . more importantly , though , everyone think we movie be a comedy . ( more ) @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 85 . lincoln ( cont would ) no one take it seriously - but we still might win ! the elevator open in the lobby and lincoln rush out . int . HOTEL lobby concierge desk - a moment later lincoln nearly crash into the desk . he put the camera and he room key card down . lincoln hi ! concierge ah , good morning Mr. lincoln . what can I do --? lincoln -- if you see my brother . my , uh , twin brother . give he this camera and my room key . get it ? concierge but of course . happy to -- the elevator ding and open . a soaking wet ethan emerge . lincoln -- gotta go . lincoln run out the front door . ethan follow , slip on he wet shoe and cause a ruckus as he pass . ext . HOTEL - a moment later lincoln look frantically for help , but there be none . then he see a cab pull up and beckon it to hurry . lincoln c’mon ! c’mon ! but it suddenly stop far down the curb . lincoln no ! @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 86. int . cab - simultaneous jefferson sit in the back seat . Ross poke she head out of the backpack . jefferson maybe we should just get out here . I do not want to cause a scene at the front door . ross be you sure ? jefferson just until we know what 's go on . I mean , you probably need some sort of id badge or something to even get in . ross well I guess so . ext . HOTEL - continuous fed up , lincoln start to run toward the cab , when suddenly he be snatched up by ethan and throw into the back of a black suv . ethan jump into the driver seat and speed off - nearly hit jefferson as he get out of the cab . jefferson whoa - maniac ! jefferson shake he head and put the backpack on . on he way to the front door , he be surprised by all the people smile and wave to he . the doorman rush to get the door for he . doorman good morning , Mr. lincoln . jefferson oh , I be not -- Ross 's hand shoot out of the backpack and bonk jefferson on the back of the head . jefferson good morning . he hurry inside . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 87. int . HOTEL lobby - continuous jefferson be awestruck by the opulence . jefferson Holy wow . Ross poke she head out . ross you mean holy c -- ( notice ) -- wow !!! they stare wide - eye , jefferson slowly turn , give they a 360 - view of the ornate , lavish room . he finish the turn and stand face to face with the concierge . Ross and Franklin duck down . concierge you must be Mr. lincoln 's brother . jefferson yes ! how do you know ? concierge lucky guess . he ask I to give this to you . the concierge hand jefferson the camera and room key card and leave he . jefferson hand the camera over he shoulder . Ross take it and immediately begin filming the room . jefferson the guy back home be never gonna believe this . ross ( 0.s. ) I think they will . he look back and see she 's filming . jefferson ah. good idea . - ( point ) get that thing over there ! she turn the camera where he point . after a moment he look down at the room key card . room 402 . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 88. int . HOTEL hallway - minute later close on the door for room 402 . jefferson put the key card in and be reward with a little green light and beep . as Ross look over he shoulder , he open the door to find ... int . HOTEL room - continuous the room be ransacked from the recent struggle . jefferson put the backpack down and Ross climb out . ross this be not good . jefferson hang on . we do not know exactly what happen here . let 's focus on what we do know . we do know that whatever happen here . . ross ... be not good . jefferson lincoln would have leave a message . ross do not look like he have time . jefferson he would have find a way . I know it . look around . they look through the mess for any sign . jefferson absent - mindedly pick up the camera and tap it to he temple . jefferson think , think , think . if you be lincoln , how would you try to contact we ? ross stage a scene and film it . jefferson ( laugh ) yeah , right . ( eureka ! ) yeah ! right ! of course ! @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 89 . he frantically rewind the tape inside and push play . they huddle around the viewfinder and be relieved to see the close - up of lincoln in the elevator . lincoln ( from camera ) I have get good news and bad news . the good news be : everyone love the movie . it 's call zoo time now . i’1ll explain later . the award be tonight . I think we could actually win ! now for the bad news : first , I be be chase by a guy who pretty much want to kill I . again , I will explain later . more importantly , though , everyone think we movie be --- suddenly the screen cut to the hotel lobby , the footage Ross just shot downstairs . jefferson and Ross look at each other in a panic . ross too much bad news be never good . jefferson ( from camera ) the guy back home be never gonna believe we be here . ross ( from camera ) I think they will . jefferson ( from camera ) ah. good idea . get that over there ! jefferson shut it off . jefferson what be we gonna do --?? suddenly there be a rattle and the key beep at the door . the two of they dive under the bed just as ethan return . they can only see he trendy orange tip shoe , and have no idea who he be - only that he can lead they to lincoln . ethan sit on the bed and dial the bedside table phone . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 90 . ethan hey , it 's I . that little freak who railroad I and steal my screen spot ? let 's just say he will not be bother I any more . jefferson and Ross suppress a gasp . ethan what ? no , I do not throw he in a river with cement shoe ! I be at a film festival ! I be not in a film ! jefferson and Ross sigh relief . ethan I be go to the award show tonight and I be gonna fix this mess ! i’1ll talk to you later . ethan hang up , quickly stand and leave . the two monkey try to get a look at he face , but can not . jefferson follow he ! they run for the door and as jefferson reach for the doorknob , it beeps again and turn from the outside . Ross quickly stand on jefferson 's shoulder behind the open door . ethan barge back in . the door crunch against jefferson and Ross . ethan head toward he sunglass , which he leave on the bedside table . as he walk over to they , the door swing close revealing the monkey to ethan 's back . jefferson 's arm be full hold Ross , so at the last second , he use he tail to grab the doorknob - just before it close - and quickly pull it back open to cover they - just as ethan turn back around . ethan walk quickly out , grab the doorknob and slamm it shut behind he . unfortunately , jefferson 's tail be still wrap around the knob on the inside , so ethan 's tug pull jefferson down , toppling both of they . Ross land on she head and be knock out cold . jefferson sneak out after ethan . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 gl . a moment later he return , have notice Ross be not with he . jefferson Ross ? Ross ! be you okay ? he gently shake she and she come to . ross huh ? where be he ? do you get a look at he ? jefferson no , he get on the elevator . ross he say he 's go to the award show . we will catch he there . jefferson how will we know who he be ? how will we get in ? ross ( think ) you go - as lincoln . jefferson no , I can not . the crowd - what if we win ? I will have to give a speech . ross that will be perfect ! everyone will be cheer - except we guy . take that stage and you can I - D he ! jefferson can not we just sneak in and look for orange - tip shoe ? Ross just look at he , let he realize on he own how dumb a idea that be . ross it could be we only chance to find lincoln . plus , if you do win , do you realize what that mean ? jefferson that I will have to speak in front of hundred of people . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 92. ross it mean you movie be accept by human . everything you have be work for . . . the cause . . it 's all a success . you do it . jefferson ( think ) I do not know ... suddenly Ross kiss he . he 's shocked , but he like it . ross you can do this . I believe in you . daze , jefferson go into the bathroom and shut the door . a moment later , we hear ethan 's razor . CUT to : int . moonsong theater lobby - night the large room be empty except for jefferson - now bald and in a tux -- pace nervously by the concession counter . we hear the din of applause in the theater . the award show be underway . jefferson you can do this . you can do this . int . theater — simultaneous High above the stage , hide in the lighting fixture , sit Ross . she search the audience . ross I hope he can do this . onstage , a presenter stand at the podium . presenter and the audience selection Award for the best picture go to ... zoo time by lincoln ! the crowd erupt in applause , then look around . the presenter be leave on stage hold the award . above , Ross look around , disappointed . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 93. presenter ( 0.s. ) uh , I guess lincoln could not make it tonight . presenter - I would like to accept this award on he behalf , and -- jefferson ( 0.s . ) -- wait ! I be here ! jefferson stand back of the theater . the crowd erupt again in applause as they turn to see he . jefferson walk all the way to the stage , to rapturous applause . stranger reach out to shake he hand . as nervous as he be , he can not help feel proud . maybe Ross be right . maybe the cause have succeed . from the rafter Ross watch he , beam with pride . onstage , jefferson take the award , and stare at the microphone . the applause die down and jefferson move no closer to the podium . the presenter lower the mic for jefferson , then move aside and hold out he hand , coax jefferson to speak . jefferson slink up to the podium and arrive just in time to have he nervous gulp amplify throughout the theater . everyone laugh . jefferson I be ... I be not very good at this . speak in front of people , I be afraid . thank you , so much for this honor . I be glad you like in the cage -- uh , I mean , zoo time . the audience laugh and clap . jefferson it 's a serious issue we address in the movie , and I hope that now that you have see the other side , we can begin to work toward real change . the audience be silent . then one person 's laughter incite a cheer , clap laugh riot . it seem only the cheer and applause register with jefferson . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 94 . jefferson we can live together in peace ! we can ! we can ! we can ! riotous laughter . some audience member even take up the '' we can ! '' chant - just for laugh . jefferson raise the award in he fist triumphantly and receive another cheer . in the rafter : suddenly Ross see ethan , motionless with a look of angry bewilderment on he face . jefferson bound off the stage toward the wing , but can not help turn back for one more victory stance - this time both hand raise high . the crowd go berserk . Ross watch ethan push toward the aisle and walk quickly out the back of the theater . Ross climb along the ceiling fixture , directly over he . his orange - tip shoe be clearly visible . ext . moonsong theater - night several activist from the group haha ( human against hurting animal ) stand in protest , carry sign that read stop animal exploitation ! ; cage be not funny ! ; and a circle , red-slash word zooing time . jefferson come out , hound by reporter . ethan approach , but can not get near he through the crowd . Ross stay hide , try to get jefferson 's attention . jefferson see the protest group and go right to they . jefferson thank you . thank you so much for come ! people be crack up at what they see as '' lincoln 's '' audacity . the activist boo jefferson . activist 1 how could you ?!? activist 2 you should be ashamed of yourself ! jefferson stop and look behind himself , confuse . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 95 . jefferson what be you talk about ? activist 1 make fun of poor , helpless zoo animal . you be not funny ! jefferson make fun -- huh ? activist 2 yeah , you be the animal . jefferson ( surprised ) how do you --? look , that have nothing to do with it . suddenly , jefferson see Ross in a tree above the protestor . she frantically point to ethan head toward he car . jefferson look , I gotta go . you get it all wrong . I be on you side . more boos from the activist as jefferson rush off . CUT to : ext . roadway - night a helmete , goggle jefferson do he best to steer a vespa . ahead of they be the taillight of ethan 's black suv . jefferson keep a safe distance as ethan pull into the dirt parking lot of the silver screen roadside motel . int . roadside motel room - night lincoln be tie to a chair in the middle of the sparse , dumpy room . one lamp be light . he do not seem phase as he watch a classic black - and - white movie on the meager tv . when he hear ethan 's car pull up outside and the car door open and close , he quickly use he tail on the remote to turn off the tv . as ethan unlock the room door and rush in , lincoln adopt a much more anguish look on he face . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 96 . ethan be shocked to see lincoln still there . ethan how ?!?!? how do you do it ?! lincoln ( think ) the remote be right there on the bed . ethan do not play game with I ! how do you get to that ceremony ?! and how do you get back here and tie yourself up ?!?! lincoln what ? ethan start frantically search the room . ethan where be it ?! where do you hide the Award ?!? it 's mine ! lincoln what awar -- ? .... we win ? ethan you do not win ! you steal that award ! from I ! I be suppose to win ! lincoln ( to himself ) we win . ethan where be it ?!?!? ethan lunge for the defenseless lincoln , but there be a knock at the door . ethan stop and answer it . no one be there . as he lean out and check leave and right , jefferson slide the window open , climb into the room and tiptoe to the door , pushing it shut and pushing ethan out . jefferson run to lincoln , untying he . jefferson be you alright ? lincoln we win ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 97 . jefferson they think it be a joke . lincoln I know . sorry about that . do not you get my message ? jefferson uh .... yeah . most of it . lincoln but we win ? jefferson yeah . we win . now how do we get out of here ? lincoln I have a plan . as lincoln be freed , the door be unlock and open . ethan come back in and be dumbstruck by lincoln 's double . ethan you ... it can not be ... two of you ? just then , a crash by the window as Ross climb in . ross I do not see he . ethan be stunne silent at the sight of the talk monkey . she sees ethan and realize she just speak in front of he . ross ( monkey sound ) ooh-ooh - ahh - ahh . ethan this be not happen . this can not be happen ! lincoln get he ! the three monkey charge at ethan . CUT to : int . roadside motel room - a minute later lincoln , jefferson and Ross be now all tie to chair . ethan pace back and forth , scheme . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 98. jefferson get he ? that be you big plan ? lincoln it could have work . jefferson this be not a movie . this be real life . ethan quiet , you two . okay , here 's the thing . you will give I my award . I will send the moonsong official - and the police - here and you will explain to they what you do to I . suddenly there be a knock at the door . ethan go away ! I be busy ! male voice ( 0.s. ) ( from outside ) room service ! ethan look confuse . lincoln light up a bit . lincoln I be hungry . ethan ( fume ) you call -- ? ethan angrily open the door . as soon as he do -- -- a giant gorilla arm thrust in and grab he by the throat , lift he off of the ground , cause he shoe to fall off . Washington enter , look meaner than King Kong . WASHINGTON be there a problem here ? ethan turn even whiter with fear . he gasp for breath . ethan you be . . . talk ! how ? please ... please .... I 'il do anything .... just do not hurt I ... Washington lift he higher , then roar at the top of he lung , cause ethan to faint from fear . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 99 . he toss ethan on the bed and unty he friend . ext . roadside motel - night lincoln . jefferson , Ross and Washington get in ethan 's suv . Washington be in the driver 's seat . jefferson you sure you can drive this thing ? WASHINGTON I take it you never see night of the live jungle . lincoln suddenly realize . lincoln wait . that be you ? Washington look back toward the motel . WASHINGTON you come ? Patty come out of the room . patty just tidy up a bit . quite a mess in there . as she join they , lincoln look confuse . patty I be Patty . Nice to meet you . lincoln likewise . they pile into the car and drive off . ext . chicago zoo square - night the old gang be back again , this time listen to Washington and Patty tell storey of they old Hollywood day . most enrapture be lincoln , who sit front and center . Ross and jefferson , clearly a couple , hold hand , also look on . Franklin approach they . ross hey , fraklin . do you miss I ? @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 jefferson 100 . franklin do you go somewhere ? ross very funny . what have you be up to ? female spider monkey ( 0.s. ) Franklin ! c’mon ! and Ross look to see two cute , teeny - bopper spider monkey sit in the low branch of a tree . they look back to Franklin . franklin nothin 's much . catch you later . he leave . Ross and jefferson laugh and shake they head . they turn jefferson the crowd the crowd they attention back to the crowd - but not before sneak a couple of glance back at the girl . patty tell they about the time the star get stick in he trailer . WASHINGTON oh , they do not want to hear that again .... begs he . WASHINGTON I have a better idea . why do not we hear from lincoln , who have a real Hollywood adventure . danger , action , intrigue ... ( to lincoln ) whaddya say ? encourage he , so lincoln take center stage . lincoln there I be . . . tie to a chair with no way out . my captor on he way back ... Ross and jefferson laugh and shake they head . dissolve to : @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 101 . ext . chicago zoo square - night it 's winter now , but the same crowd have gather again to hear the latest version of the story from lincoln . lincoln all I have to do be get to that lamp , break it open and use the electrical current to burn through the rope ... jefferson 's eye go wide at this latest embellishment . he motion to Ross that maybe they should take a walk . ext . zoo ground - minute later Ross and jefferson walk arm in arm , enjoy the silence and , of course , each other 's company . cheetah ( 0.s. ) pssssst ! they stop walk and be surprised to see a strange cheetah outside the zoo fence . jefferson can I help you ? cheetah be you lincoln ? jefferson no , lincoln be my brother . cheetah he make zoo time ? ross actually , jefferson here be the mastermind behind zoo time . cheetah oh , I guess I come to meet you , then . jefferson that 's very nice -- huh ? wait a minute . where be you from ? cheetah San Diego . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 102. jefferson how do you see zoo time ? cheetah be you kid ? everyone 's see it . jefferson everyone ? cheetah sure . there be bootleg copy in every zoo in the country . probably the world by now . jefferson be you serious ? cheetah yeah . everyone want to meet you . I be just the fastest . jefferson yes , cheetah be fast - and proud of it . we know . cheetah no , I mean . I just run ahead . the cheetah motion behind he with he head . jefferson and Ross look . at first they see only the dark night , but as they eye adjust to the hillside , they see a pilgrimage of zoo animal make they way toward the fence . there be hundred , maybe thousand of silhouettes get closer and closer . jefferson be choke up almost to tear . ross look like the cause be alive and well . jefferson nod . ross you gonna be able to talk to all of they ? jefferson I think so . yeah . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 103. end over end credit the film geek security guard watch the end credit of yet another dvd . he hit a button on the remote and the dvd shut off , switch the screen to regular tv . onscreen be a cheesy entertainment '' reporter '' . emblazon in the lower right corner of the screen be a logo for biz buzz . biz buzz guy I be here follow up on another lincoln sighting . no , not the sixteenth President of the United States , we be talk about the miss filmmaker . you may recall last year biz buzz bring you the exclusive story about the guy who come out of nowhere , take the top prize at the moonsong Film Festival , and then vanish . just like that . since then the rumor have be fly , and people be come from all over the world , claim to have see the cinematic genius . like the folk here in this small California town , who say lincoln himself come into they diner just two night ago . I talk to they earlier . a old man - short order cook . old man I do not read that celebrity movie magazine . wife do , but I do not . he have the turkey club . that much I know . a old woman - cashier . old woman it be he alright . I recognize he from the picture on tv , but I do not want to let he know that I know what I know . . . about he be he , I mean . a middle - age man - diner patron . diner patron he be hint that he work for the government . ( more ) @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 104 . diner patron ( cont would ) I figure that 's why he have to drop out of the movie scene . can not be covert and famous , right ? . . . too bad , too . Real funny movie that guy make . a waiter we see from the back bring the man he food . biz buzz guy ( 0.s. ) how about you , sir , do you see he . biz buzz camera keep the waiter in frame as he turn around . it 's ethan latte , look like a defeat mess . ethan see who ? what be you talk about ? biz buzz guy ( 0.s. ) lincoln , the miss genius filmmaker . ethan freak out and run into the kitchen , break thing along the way . biz buzz shot go back to biz buzz guy outside the diner . biz buzz guy as you can see , it 's a very emotional story . seem like every time we dig for answer , all we uncover be more question . now allegation that lincoln be actually a government agent . do he disappear so suddenly to protect he identity ? be he call on a top secret mission ? or be it something else ? be he disappearance by choice at all ? we talk to a former government agent who decline to be show on camera . Close - up of shadowy figure . govt agent if he be a agent , and I be not at liberty to say if he be or not - and he make a movie , come into the spotlight like that , there have be trouble . that I can tell you . the film geek zoo security guard shut off the tv . end @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055 105 . @michaal mallin / wea # 11nr055