minion by Brian Lynch universal / illumination entertainment 2230 Broadway Santa monica , CA 90404 310.593.8800 this material be the property of illumination entertainment and be intended and restricted solely for illumination personnel . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . the sale , display , copying or reproduction of this material for any reason in any form , including but not limite to digital or new media , be also prohibited . int : microscopic view 1 the beginning of all there be . we follow simple amoebas float about . they be shapeless single - cell organism which bob to and for . suddenly , a bigger amoeba begin to push around the smaller amoebas , assert its dominance . Three tiny yellow ( minion ) amoebas observe , but then a even bigger amoeba gobbles up the smaller one . the tiny minion amoebas follow the carnivorous one off-screen . as bigger and more evil creature present themselves , the minion amoebas start follow they . yes , ever since the beginning of time , minion just want to serve the most wick master . we follow the minion amoebas through time , as they slowly evolve , grow eye , arm , etc . they master evolve as well . eventually they begin follow evil fish , and then a evil amphibian . as the evil amphibian swim to the surface , the three minion be join by hundred of other minion , as they happily follow they new master out of the water . title card : minion end title sequence . ext : prehistoric beach —- day 2 nake minion , cover only in seaweed , follow the evil amphibian onto the shore . narrator ( v.o . ) minion . minion have be on this planet far longer than we have . they go by many name ... Dave , Carl ... Paul ... Mike ... one naked minion notice that he have no seaweed and grab two starfish from the water , which he place strategically on he chest . narrator ( v.o. ) ..-.oh , that one be norbert . he 's a idiot . the minion walk on . narrator ( v.o . ) they be all different , but they all share the same goal . minion bl draft 2 . a giant t-rex smashes the evil amphibian . narrator ( v.o. ) to serve the most despicable master they could find . a minion point to the t- rex , excited --- excite minion boss ! the t- rex roar . ext : prehistoric plain - later 3 the t- rex walk along , follow by a group of minion . numerous minion ride on top of he , scratch he back and scrubbing he head . narrator ( v.0 ) make they master happy be the tribe 's very reason for existence . that 's not to say that they do not have other passion .... two minion notice bananas grow on a bush . minion 1 oh , hey ! llooka ! c’est un banono ! one try to pull a banana from beneath a large boulder . he finally pull it out and hold it above he head triumphantly . minion 2 c’est la banana ! ha ha ! yum yum ! the boulder then roll down a steep hill toward the T - rex . narrator ( v.o. ) find a boss be easy . but keeping a boss , therein lie the rub . the boulder hit the t- rex and send he roll down the hill , balance on the boulder with he hind leg . the minion follow he frantically . minion boss ! boss ! Big boss ! minion bl draft 3 . the t- rex dodge tree branch as he head toward the edge of a cliff , which launch into a volcano . he manage to stop at the very edge . Three minion look down after he , want to help , but be accidentally push forward when the other arrive . they roll down toward the T - rex . two be stop by rock , but the last one stop just short of the boulder . as he sit up , he accidentally knock he head against the boulder , which send the t- rex plummete into the volcano . the minion begin to cry . one slap the minion who cause the boulder to fall . narrator ( v.o. ) nope , it be not easy for this guy . but they never give up . the image dissolves into a cave painting depict the T - rex 's plunge into the volcano . narrator ( v.o. ) with the emergence of the Stone Age , come the rise of a new species ... we then see the arrival of man ( caveman , to be exact ) in the cave painting . ext : valley - day 4 a monkey use a rock to hammer the ground . a caveman approach he and try to eat the rock . narrator ( v.o. ) man be very different from the dinosaur . he be short , hairier , and way , way smarter . the monkey screech and the caveman punch he offscreen . the minion cheer and follow the caveman . narrator ( v.o. ) the minion take a instant like to man ... a bear charge the caveman . narrator ( v.o. ) .-- and help he best they could ... the caveman go to grab a big hunk of wood on the ground . it will make a great club ! but ... minion bl draft 4 . minion ( 0.s. ) no , no ! Te -- la pinata ! the caveman turn ... ... the minion hand he a fly swatter . the caveman look to the minion , confuse . they assure he that it 's okay . he hit the bear with the fly swatter . narrator ( v.o. ) poor man . so trust . so fragile . the bear attack the caveman while the minion watch in horror . they nonchalantly back away offscreen . narrator ( v.o. ) so , so delicious . dissolve to egyptian hieroglyphics . sure enough , there be minion carve among the human . narrator ( v.o. ) they quest for a boss put the minion front and center for some of civilization 's most historic moment . ext : pyramid - day 5 a cool pharaoh be stand atop a giant platform at the dedication of a new pyramid ! pharoah raa kaba ank ! anubis ! hi-yah ! the pharaoh proudly snap he whip before hundred of follower on the ground . he snap he whip , they cheer ! narrator ( v.o. ) ancient Egypt hold great promise ... minion construction worker stand nearby . one of the minion christen the pyramid like a new ship . we pull back to reveal the pyramid have be build upside - down and be precariously balance on what be suppose to be the top . the pyramid tip over onto the pharaoh and the pharaoh 's follower . splat ! all dead . narrator ( v.o . ) .-- but it do not last long . minion bl draft 5 . a minion look at blueprint of the pyramid . he realize he have they upside -down . he turn they right - side up . the other minion slap he in the back of the head . int : castle dracula - morning 6 the minion tip - toe into dracula 's bedroom , where he be asleep in he coffin . narrator ( v.o. ) the Dark Ages be actually fun time . they new master have a tendency to party all night and sleep all day . the minion pull open he coffin , waking he up ... dracula ratch-ooturi ? ... to see all the minion have converge to celebrate he 357th birthday ! they have a banner and a cake with candle and everything ! they yank OPEN the curtain , let the sun in , as they cheer . dracula scream and the sun instantly turn he to a statue of dust . narrator ( v.o. ) but eventually , the party be over . a minion nervously blow out the candle , also blow the dust statue of dracula away onto another minion , who sneeze . ext : battlefield - day 7 napoleon stand next to a cannon and raise he sword . narrator ( v.o. ) they bounce from one evil boss to another ... but they never seem to find they perfect fit . napoleon feu ! one of the minion light the cannon while another stand on top of it . the minion on the cannon step forward when shouting a order , and the cannon tilt downward , aim at napoleon . it fire , blast he off-screen . minion bl draft 6 . ext : hillside - day 8 the minion run for it , stampede over the snowy hill away from the french Army . narrator ( v.o. ) one particular employer take they failure very , very badly . a group of soldier charge the minion . the minion disappear into the distance . narrator ( v.o. ) the minion have no other choice but to keep move . the minion approach a cave . narrator ( v.o. ) and then , when all hope seem lose ... int : cave - day 9 the minion walk into the cave and look out at the large amount of space they have . narrator ( v.o. ) ... they find sanctuary . the minion ... be safe . the minion cheer and run into the cave . a choir of minion enthusiastically sing a minion version of '' we wish you a merry Christmas . '' time lapse : we see minion roll giant snowballs , stand in line for ice cream cone and throw snow at each other . narrator ( v.o. ) year pass , as the minion forge they own civilization . they truly make a life for themselves . more minion throw snowballs at each other as they underground village build up behind they . as time go on , we see they snowball fight become lethargic and boring . narrator ( v.o. ) but something just be not right . minion bl draft 7 . a depressed minion lie on a psychiatric couch , explain he woe to another minion in a chair . behind he be a huge line of other minion . narrator ( v.o. ) they feel empty inside . without a master , they have no purpose . they become aimless , and depressed . a minion play ping - pong with he buddy , but he friend be so depressed he let the ball bounce off he head . the minion 's version of '' we wish you a merry Christmas '' be now more sad . several minion even burst into tear . narrator ( v.o . ) if this continue any longer , the minion would perish . the minion walk through they village , depressed . a single minion stand on a ledge , watch . narrator ( v.o. ) but all be not lose , for one minion have a plan . his name be ... Kevin . Kevin climb onto a platform in the cave . he be pace back and forth , practice he speech . Kevin look down at index card with he speech . narrator ( v.o . ) he be excite to share he idea with the tribe . he have be prepare for day , week , month ... but now he be ready ! the minion start lumber toward he . this be it . ...- but Kevin fumble he card . he go to pick they up , sigh . they be all out of order . he make up he mind to go ahead with it and defiantly toss they to the side . Kevin give he speech . point up , to the cave entrance . he dramatically declare he intention ! narrator ( v.o. ) Kevin would leave the cave --- the minion gasp . minion bl draft 8. narrator ( v.o. ) go back to the outside world , and he would not return until he have find he tribe the biggest , baddest villain to serve ! kevin ( arm out ) kiday come I ?!?! narrator ( v.o. ) but he need help . the minion be dead silent , except for one minion . a tiny runt of a creature name bob . bob I come ! narrator ( v.o. ) Bob be eager to go , but Kevin think he be just not strong enough for the dangerous journey ahead . kevin uh ... no . una otra minion ? Bob continue to jump up and down , increasingly more excited . the minion look sheepish . no one want to go . bob me! me! chosa I ! a minion in the crowd raise a ukulele . they part way , revealing : stuart . a one -ey minion who be fast asleep and snore . another minion hold up he ukulele . narrator ( v.o. ) luckily , someone step up ... Stuart groggily wake up and wave to the crowd , confuse . the other minion cheer . Kevin summon Stuart , who approach the platform , ukelele in hand . Stuart happily accept the attention from the other minion , even though he 's not sure why . stuart I ? thank you , heh , thank you ... minion bl draft 9 . narrator ( v.o. ) Truth be tell , Stuart have no idea what he be choose for ... he pass by Bob , annoyed he be overlook . bob porque le !? narrator ( v.o. ) ..- but be thrilled it make people cheer for he . Stuart yell to the crowd from the platform . stuart thank you , la tota ! thank you ! Stuart want to take advantage of this and start to play he ukulele . Kevin push he out of the way . kevin una otra ? Bob continue to jump up and down . he pick up a block of ice and hold it above he head . he fart . the ground collapse under the weight , and the block pin he beneath the ice . kevin ( cont 'd ) uhhh , okay ... no otra ? Bob peek out from beneath the rock and plead to be choose . bob Kevin ! Kevin ! me! choosa I , Kevin ! kevin ( unwillingly ) ugh ...komay . Bob eagerly run to the platform . narrator ( v.o. ) eventually Bob 's energy and enthusiasm , but mostly lack of other volunteer , change Kevin 's mind . kevin , bob , & stuart kumbaya ! 10 11 minion bl draft 10 . int : minion cave - later 10 Kevin , Stuart and Bob leave , the minion wave and cheer . smiling for the first time in a while . narrator ( v.o. ) the tribe say they farewell . Kevin have give they something they have not have in a very long time ... hope . Bob hug minion good - bye . kevin ( 0.s. ) hey Bob ! tu le komay ? bob Si , si ... he catch up to Kevin and Stuart , look behind and wave . bob ( cont 'd ) ( nervously ) bye , bye ... ext : cave - day 11 they exit the cave and look in the distance where they future await . narrator ( v.o. ) Kevin feel pride , he be go to be the one to save he tribe ... Stuart feel hungry , mostly , he be go to be the one to eat this banana . Stuart pull out a banana and examine it . Bob walk up next to Kevin and Stuart . narrator ( v.o. ) and Bob ... Bob look out at the freeze , desolate plain ahead of they . bob oh ... narrator ( v.o . ) .-- Bob be frighten of the journey ahead . 12 minion bl draft 11 . Kevin pick up on this , put he hand on Bob 's shoulder . he comfort he and explain the importance of they quest . kevin finto le boss . Bob compose himself and sigh . bob okay , okay . La kita le big boss ! kevin ahaha , le Bob ! komay . Kevin take Bob 's hand and they set out into the snowy landscape . narrator ( v.o. ) and they be off . off to find they new boss ! the three minion walk off in the distance , Stuart lead the way , Bob and Kevin close behind . CUT to : the minion traipse along in the snow , across mountain and through forest . Kevin carry a tired Bob for part of the journey . later , when Bob wake up he 's full of energy and run all around . they wander through some high grass and ultimately make it to the ocean . ext : OPEN sea - day 12 a canoe on the high seas . the minion paddle . Stuart stop , exhaust . Bob 's stomach growls . kevin Le bito ? bob ( point to mouth ) ma toca . stuart polano la mar toca ... a very tired and hungry Stuart look at Kevin and Bob . 13 14 minion bl draft 12 . stuart ( cont 'd ) huh ? banana ? Pov - stuart : he see they as two bananas . banana kevin Stuart ? makalino ? stuart banana ...banana !! Stuart leap on kevin , start to lick he . they slap -fight . Bob join in , suck on Kevin 's head . kevin Bob ! stopa ! just then , we hear the foghorn from a nearby steamship . the minion stop fight , as they watch it pass ... ... revealing the statue of LIBERTY . they be head toward new york CITY . Bob excitedly jump off the canoe and swim for shore ! kevin ( cont 'd ) Bob ! chyron text : New York , 1968 Kevin and Stuart paddle behind he , excited . ext : pier - day 13 they pull themselves up onto the pier . new york CITY be before they . the minion have never see anything like this . everything be new and shiny ... .-. and big . very , very big . they pass by a billboard : nixon ' 68 : finally a name you can trust ! ext : street of NYC - day 14 the minion steal some clothes hang on a laundry line . Stuart put on a tie - dyed shirt . Kevin and Bob shake they head in disapproval . minion bl draft 13 . Stuart put on a pair of pink short , which cover he whole body . Kevin disapprove . Bob giggle . Stuart open the fly and argue back . but then something catch Kevin 's eye : hanging on a clothesline , flap in the wind and backlit by the sun like the most regal of flag be denim overall . now all wear overall , the minion walk through the street of New York City , in awe of the large building and billboard . montage : a couple in a horse -drawn carriage roll by , sightseeing . sightseeing woman oh , look at that one ! sightseeing man whoa ! the minion sit in the back of a pass garbage truck , point at all the pass attraction as well . the minion encounter a group of hippies protest . Stuart and Bob join in the chant , until Kevin lead they away from the protester . bob boo-yah ! boo-yah ! the minion peer in the window of the music pad , where they see a woman in a banana - pattern dress . bob ( cont 'd ) banana ! Bob follows she as she exit the store . Stuart look in . he light up when he see a amazing instrument display . he 's particularly take by all the guitar . so many shiny guitar . classic , electric , bass ... he imagine himself in picture of a cool surf guitarist and a rock star . as the woman in the banana dress enter she taxi cab , Bob be accidentally throw into the trunk with other bag . Stuart look into the music shop , in a trance . Kevin snap he finger , try to get Stuart 's attention . 15 16 minion bl draft 14 . kevin Stuart ...hey , ho ! finally , he grab Stuart by the goggle , bring he back to reality . but then the woman 's taxi pull away ... bob ( from inside the trunk ) Kevin !!! Kevin and Stuart watch as the cab drive down the street . kevin ( scared ) Bob ? !? in the taxi cab , Bob push he way through the back seat . he pop out next to the woman , who scream when she see he . he be promptly throw from the cab . ext : street of NYC - day 15 back to Kevin and Stuart , who be run on the sidewalk , look for Bob . kevin Bob ? Bob ? and then ... on the other side of the street , they see Bob walk . kevin ( cont 'd ) Bob ! Bob be head past a department store , fancy 's . Bob stop and look at the revolve door . he enter the store . Kevin and Stuart run across the busy STREET . int : department store - night 16 Bob enter . he look around : Bob look up at the crowd . Big scary world . department store announcer ( loudspeaker ) we fabulous new range of turtleneck sweater be now available in the man 's fashion department . woman 's bell - bottom and tie-dy shirt mark down . ( more ) 17 minion bl draft 15 . department store announcer check out we wide selection of go - go boot and mini-skirt . Kevin and Stuart run through the revolve door as well . they see Bob on a escalator . kevin Bob ! c’est le bob! komay ! they run after he , shove people out of they way , but he be go by time they get there . they decide to split up and look for he . Kevin and Stuart walk through the department store , call for Bob . department store announcer ( loudspeaker ) the store be now close -- hey ... what be you do ?! kevin ( on the loudspeaker ) scusa , scusa . Bob ! ou le tu ? bob? department store announcer ( loudspeaker ) give I that ! Bob , who be wander near the change room , hear this . bob oh! Kevin ? int : department store - changing room - night 17 Bob enter a changing room ... ..- with ton of mirror . Bob see what look like 100 minion ! he look at all of they in awe . bob Le buddy ? che la maka ! hey ! c’est la Bob ! he run for they . wham ! Hit the glass , hard . bob ( cont 'd ) hey ! Le buddy ? no ? 18 minion bl draft 16 . he put he hand up , realize that the minion be just he reflection . he sigh , depressed . but then , Kevin come in , hold Bob 's stuff bear tim . kevin Bob ? que paso ? bob La triba ... kevin here . Le Tim . bob ah , I Tim ! thank you . suddenly the light go dark ! kevin ooh la no . Bob happily run offscreen , laugh . he jump onto a department store display bed and summon Kevin and Stuart . time lapse : we see Kevin and Stuart move other furniture around the bed , include a tv . int : department store - furniture department - night 18 Kevin , Stuart and Bob be sit in bed . they be surround by lot of furniture , and several mannequin dress like minion . they have place a large television at the foot of the bed . Stuart flip through a couple of channel , include one play '' the Saint '' and '' bewitch '' . Kevin , flipping through a tv guide , be uninterested . finally , they land on '' the date game . '' kevin oh. da-ting - game . okay . La tropa . a beautiful bachelorette , jennifer , sit next to the game show host . game show host and welcome back to the dating game ! well , Jennifer -- minion bl draft 17 . Jennifer giggle . game show host ( cont 'd ) have you decide which of this three gentleman you will go on a date with ? be it Bob ? reveal : human bob , bachelor number 1 . short , stubby . look like a human version of minion bob . bob yeah ! go Bob ! game show host kevin ? reveal : human kevin , bachelor number 2 . a uptight , lanky man , a dead ringer for minion kevin . kevin c'est la I ! Kevin ! game show host or will it be Stuart ? reveal : human stuart . smallish . llaid -back . Hair over one eye . stuart whoa ! yoooo , Stuart ! bachelorette gosh , this be so hard . they all sound so cute . ummm ... I think I be gonna go with --- the tv cut to static . stuart woooooo0 ! Stuart try to fix the antennae . he 's on top of the television hold a umbrella and a hand mixer , try to get a better signal . as Stuart move around , the reception go in and out ... but then ... on tv : a graphic of a burglar mask . minion bl draft 18 . vnc singers ( sing -song ) v---n---c . hmmmm , what 's this ? on tv : we pull out , a retro graphic show a criminal 's arm brandish a knife ... -.. create the logo vnc : villain network channel . Kevin can not believe he eye ! vnc broadcaster you be watch the top-secret villain Network Channel . if you tell anyone , we will find you . a man brandish a bat stand next to the vnc broadcaster . minion perk up . kevin no les mova ! vnc broadcaster sponsor by villain -con ... footage : villain -con vnc broadcaster ( cont ’d ) ..- for eighty - nine year straight , the biggest gather of criminal anywhere ! that 's right , villain - con ! the minion lean in . really listen . kevin c’est la ! c’est la finte la big boss ! on tv : shot of what the broadcaster be talk about . vnc broadcaster attend guest lecture from esteem villain ! make contact in the underworld community ! and , for the first time anywhere ... scarlet overkill ! on tv : we see scarlet in silhouette , steal from other criminal . she look to the camera as she defeat a group of mobster . minion bl draft 19 . vnc broadcaster ( v.o. ) evil . scarlet overkill ( on tv ) so evil . vnc broadcaster ( v.o. ) criminal genius . scarlet overkill ( on tv ) hey , a girl 's gotta make a live . scarlet walk along , knocking out villain as she go . scarlet overkill ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) make way ... Excuse I ... vnc broadcaster move aside , man ! there 's a new bad man in town , and that man ... be a woman ! scarlet stand on top of a pile of defeat villain and laugh . vnc broadcaster ( cont ’d ) crime be not pretty ... scarlet overkill ( on tv ) --. it 's red hot . Kevin be completely in awe of scarlet . vnc broadcaster get to villain - con this weekend ! only at 545 Orange Grove Avenue in Orlando , Florida ! so much fun , it 's a crime ! ( devious giggle ) kevin villain - con ! Orlando ! bob woo-hoo ! stuart ah , ha ha ! Stuart hop off the tv . 19 minion bl draft 20 . ext : shopping CENTER - morning 19 the minion climb down the fire escape and onto the sidewalk . Kevin ask a pass man for direction . kevin bello ! Orlando ? he keep walk , with no response . kevin ( cont 'd ) ugh. blumock . Stuart notice a yellow fire hydrant ... and begin hit on it . stuart oh ! hello , papaguena ! tu le bella comme le papaya . a baby in a stroller go past Bob and Kevin . the baby completely understand he . he babbles back . they return it . it 's a serious conversation that we do not understand a word of , except for '' Orlando . '' the baby give direction and point off into the distance . bob ah ! okay , thank you , baby ! baby in stroller bye bye ! the baby resume teethe on a toy truck , happy to have give the information . Kevin point in the same direction . kevin callo to orlando ! they drag a protest Stuart away from the fire hydrant and proceed down the street . stuart papaguena ! they continue to walk , with Stuart sulk behind . 20 21 minion bl draft 21 . int : brooklyn bridge - day 20 the minion walk over the brooklyn bridge , away from New York city . ext : road -— day 21 the minion sit at the side of the road , exhaust . they look discourage . across the street , a hippie hitchhike . Kevin observe he . kevin hey , Stuart , comma le . Stuart and Bob look on as a hippie bus pick up the hitchhiker . hippie oh yeah , far out ! Love be the way , brother . Kevin , now understanding how to hitchhike , raise he thumb , but Stuart push he out of the way . stuart no , no , Kevin . I I do it . speta . Stuart approach the side of the road with he thumb raise . a semi-truck pass right by , knock Stuart off he foot . Kevin and Bob laugh at he . kevin ( imitate Stuart ) no , no , no . I do it . I do it . speta . che le blumock . he try again , frustrated . stuart stopa ! stopa ! stopa ! stopa ! a elderly woman slowly drive by hum along to '' ride of the valkyry , '' ignore the minion . the hippie 's hitchhike paper sign blow into Stuart 's face . he hand it to Kevin . stuart ( cont 'd ) here . tu le do it . makaro ! minion bl draft 22 . he then proceed to sit on a rock , which he throw in frustration . the rock slide out from beneath he . he scream , annoyed . Kevin shrug . kevin Stuart le bisetto . he write the word '' Orlando '' on the sheet of paper . another car be come . Kevin walk to the center of the road and hold the '' orlando '' paper above he head . the car approach , no indication of stop , but Kevin stand he ground . Bob scream as the car , a family station wagon with suitcase pile on the top , stop right in front of Kevin , inch away . scary silhouettes come through the dust . the station wagon door open , revealing a intimidating - look husband and wife in the front seat . the woman pet a cat , which she hold in she lap . walter , the father , a conservatively - dress suburban type , glare at the minion . madge , walter 's wife , be June cleaver - meet - kill - you-with - a - cleaver . she slice a apple with a scary knife . and then a smile break out on madge 's face . madge oh , walter , look ! this adorable little freak be head to Orlando too ! walter yeah , I see that ! hey , walter jr.! walter jr. be a massive adolescent hulk . he roll down the window excitedly . walter JR . what 's happenin 's ? walter Tina ! tina be the teenage daughter . tina hi! 22 minion bl draft 23 . walter binky ! walter help binky wave to the minion . walter ( cont 'd ) whaddya say we give this fella a ride ? nelson family yaaay ! New friend ! walter all aboard the Nelson Express ! walter jr. ( point to Stuart ) you -- one eye ! you be sittin’ next to I ! stuart uh , that 's oka --- kevin Stuart aqui ! Kevin grab Stuart and push he into the car . they all pile in . int : nelson family station wagon 22 Kevin and Stuart be cramme in the backseat with the kid . walter Jr. 's gigantic stature be really make they cramped . Bob be in the front with walter and madge . madge glad we come along before some weirdo pick you up ! madge giggle . she hold up a apple slice . madge ( cont 'd ) who want apple slice ? bob oooooh ! oooococoh ! bapple ! Bob take one . minion bl draft 24 . madge oh , you too . grow ...uhhh ... boy - like ... creature need they strength . Stuart see walter Jr. stare at the apple slice , lick he lip . he hold it up , as if to say '' you want it ? '' walter JR . heck yeah ! walter Jr. gulp it . he slap Stuart on the back . walter JR . ( cont ’d ) thanks man ! walter pull the car over . walter alrighty , who need to stretch they leg ? walter JR . yeah ! ooh ! ooh ! ( squeal ) tina yes , I , I , I ! walter take out a gun , pull down a ski mask . madge , walter Jr. , and Tina take out gun and put on ski mask . madge you guy wait here , we will be right back . walter okay nelson , let 's do this ! the nelson exit the car . the cat , still sit on the front seat , and also wear a ski mask , meow . kevin uhh. ..potakino ? Stuart shrug . reveal that the car be sit in front of a bank . minion bl draft 25 . and we immediately hear much yelling and scream come from inside the bank . bank alarm . the nelson run out of the bank , clutching bag of money ... walter go , go , go ! they get in the car . take off the mask . walter ( cont 'd ) okey -dokey , on the road again ! they take off , speed down the road . cop car pull up behind they , siren blaring ! tina dad , we get company ! it 's because I trip the alarm , I stink ! walter hey , we all make mistake , sugar plum . tina ugh ! walter you be still learn . walter lean out the window and begin to FIRE paint - ball at the police car 's windshield . cop huh ! what ? madge you father 's right , Tina -- walter reload ! he toss he gun to madge , who reload for he . madge he be not this good at be evil overnight . walter reload ! minion bl draft 26 . madge you time 's come ! walter hum joyfully as he fire , but then he weapon give out . walter argh ! it 's jamme ! a police car ram the back of the station wagon . walter ( cont 'd ) ow ! walter struggle to keep control of the car . when the windshield wiper on the police car wipe away the paint , the cop see that the nelson 's station wagon have turn 180 degree and be face they car . cop huh ? walter reverse down the street at a alarming speed . Kevin grab a tiny pistol . Stuart grab a huge missile blaster . they begin to fight over the weapon . walter hit a bump in the road , turn the car in the right direction ... Stuart accidentally fire a missile at a telephone pole ! it fall , start a chain reaction which knock down a row of pole and ultimately , a water tower , block the copus path and cause a pile -up ! walter okay , who do that ? Kevin push the weapon over to Stuart and blame he . kevin c'est Stuart ! stuart but , but -- walter that be great ! stuart heh , heh . thank you . Kevin and Stuart begin to fight over the weapon once again . 23 minion bl draft 27 . madge say , fella ... can we get personal for just a second ? why be you go to Orlando ? Kevin and Stuart look at each other , unsure of what to say . stuart uh...topalino arrabiata ? walter come on , you can tell we . you be go to villain con , be not ya ? the minion smile sheepishly . you get we ! stuart Si , villain con ! bob ( sing ) villain con ! madge wow , so many bad guy in the car , what fun ! walter I know it ! I know you be villain , do not I , honey ? what a small world ! hope we be not in rival gang ! binky take out a grenade and pull the pin . walter ( cont 'd ) binky ! joke ! heh , baby , huh ? walter hurl the grenade out the window and it explode in the background . int : minion cave - night 23 several cheerleader minion be root for a lifeless soccer game . one minion kick the ball toward the net . the goalie unenthusiastically react several moment after the ball have already score . minion ( half -heartedly ) yaaaaay . 24 minion bl draft 28 . dave the minion ( 0.s. ) hey ! Big boss ! Les finto les boss ! the minion head over to the cave entrance , where they begin to bow down to a unseen giant creature , reveal to be a yeti . Dave quiet the minion so they new leader can speak . dave the minion ( cont ’d ) ssssh ! Le boss le parla ! yeti blah ! the minion cheer ! int : nelson family station wagon - day 24 the Nelson family drive in Central Florida . walter Jr. sleep peacefully , hold a wide awake Stuart like teddy bear . drool drip out of he mouth . Stuart try to blow it away from he . Kevin , sit next to Tina , see she paging through a villain - con INTERNATIONAL guidebook . tina when we get to Orlando , I be gonna get all my favorite villain to sign my magazine ! dumo the sumo --- kevin ooh , c’est le boss ? tina oh Kevin , you do not wanna work for he , he eat he last henchmen . she turn the page . tina ( cont 'd ) frankie Fish -lip ! he life in the Ocean . kevin Le boss ? tina uhhh ...can you breathe underwater ? kevin ( think ) so-so . 25 minion bl draft 29 . tina oh oh oh ! look at her --- she unfold the magazine 's centerfold revealing scarlet overkill , a stun woman clad in all -re , hold a crossbow and stand atop a pile of other villain . tina ( cont 'd ) scarlet overkill , the coolest super villain , like , ever ! she start out as you average little girl , brace , pigtail ... but by the time she be thirteen she build a criminal empire . if I be a minion , that 's who I ’d want to work for . Kevin be intrigue . kevin ahh ... scarlet popapeil . walter here we be ! beautiful Orlando ! tina yeah , we be here ! ext : orlando , florida - day 25 Orlando ! but nothing be there yet . just loooot of swamp land . a sign say : orlando ( coming soon ! ) madge ( sing ) orlandoooo ! the nelson pull up to a run - down shack that say bait shop . 545 be paint on the side . walter roll down the window . there be a small mic , like he 's order fast food at a drive - through . there be even a menu board of different worm and fish . 26 27 28 minion bl draft 30 . walter ( to car ) hey gang , watch this . creepy voice ( v.o. ) welcome to billy Bob 's bait shop . how can I help you ? walter ( into intercom ) yeah , hi , uh ... '' '' we be here for uh , so much fun it 's a crime . '' a bell on the speaker box ding . suddenly , the shack split OPEN , and a car-size metal tube telescope out into air , and then slam toward the ground ... .-. completely cover the Nelson wagon . the tube retract back into the ground , take the Nelson wagon with it . the shack flip back together as if nothing happen . we pan down through the ground ... int : underground convention CENTER - entrance - day 26 the tube drop the Nelson wagon onto a platform . they ride the platform towards villain con ! int : nelson family station wagon - day 27 everyone be really excited ! the minion look to each other , ecstatic . stuart villain con ! La villain con ! int : underground villain convention CENTER - parking 28 the Nelson wagon park among the other villain 's car . they license plate read , '' luv2rob . '' Big armored villain get out of they big armored vehicle . the minion and nelson get out . 29 minion bl draft 31 . walter alright , here we go ! well , this be it . I wanna tell ya , and I really -- I mean this -- I really appreciate what you do back there with the cop . really --- tina dad ! it 's frankie fish -lip ! I can smell he from heeeeeeeere ! walter junior ! get my camera ! madge good luck in there , boy . I hope you find what you be look for . madge wipe a smudge from binky 's face . minion bye ! Kevin imitate madge and wipe a smudge off Bob 's face . Bob giggle . the minion turn towards the giant build . stuart yupaki mala villain con ! minion ha ha ! yeah ! villain con ! int : underground villain convention CENTER - day 29 the villain con in all its glory ! true insanity . all sort of villain , of every age and size . weapon everywhere they look : antique , modern , futuristic . a Banner read : '' welcome to villain con 1968 . '' the minion split up to cover more ground . Bob get in a line of hopeful who wait to meet with a henchman placement specialist . he be currently interview a lizard . henchman placement specialist any evil talent ? the lizard breathes FIRE on the guy , toast he . minion bl draft 32 . henchman placement specialist ( cont ’d ) not bad . Bob walk up to a female henchman placement specialist . female henchman placement specialist what about you ? any evil talent ? Bob nod , hold up he stuff bear , Tim , and make he dance . bob bello ! La la la ...eh ? female henchman placement specialist that 's not evil or a talent . Bob take a piece of paper and some scissors , create a evil face for Tim and make he roar . the henchman placement specialist be unimpress . bob no ? later bob , clutching a business card , be talk to a scientist , professor flux . flux have all sort of gizmo and gadget he table . professor flux I be sorry , but I be not look for any more servant . for I , Professor flux , have invent the world 's first time machine ! there be many , many identical Professor flux help move flux 's 's stuff . one of they walk up to the flux talk to Bob , and push he out of the way . another professor flux every time I visit the future , I bring my future self back to help I ! yet another Professor pop out of the time machine . future professor flux hello ! a few Professor flux be move a giant machine . professor flux eh , move that over there , Professor flux from two week from now ! 30 minion bl draft 33 . another professor flux ( to Bob ) as you can see , I do not need any help --- future Professor flux accidentally hit the original with the giant machine , break he neck and killing he . future professor flux oh , way to go , guy ! we kill the original . they all scream and all the other Professor flux disappear . another professor flux please !! Bob walk away , confuse . meanwhile , Kevin be walk through the crowd when he see a large , red statue of a woman illuminate by a spotlight loom over the crowd . he hear a voice come from the statue area . highlight reel announcer ( v.o. ) villain - con present we Key -note speaker ... Kevin walk over . he look up and see ... highlight reel announcer ( v.o. ) '' scarlet overkill : the World 's first female Super villain ! appear right now in Hall h ! Kevin can barely contain he excitement . he run up to Stuart and Bob ... kevin hey ! buddy ! ma puta la scarlet popapiel ! komay ! komay ! the minion follow , try to get to the convention hall . int : underground villain convention CENTER - hall - day 30 the giant hall be jam - pack with evil -doer . large spotlight flash . it 's like the beginning of the world 's biggest concert . minion bl draft 34 . announcer ( v.o. ) be you reeeeeeeeady ... the minion be get excite . announcer ( v.o. ) ..- for scarlet overkill ! the silhouette of a woman appear behind a large screen . scarlet overkill ( into mic ) ( sigh ) do not it feel so good to be bad ? the crowd go crazy ! we see the nelson cheering in the crowd . boom ! scarlet overkill herself rocket out from behind the screen use a extremely stylish art - deco jet-dress . she laugh . minion whooooaaa ... crowd scarlet ! scarlet ! scarlet ! she land on the stage , as the jet-dress retract . the minion be excited . she look calmly at the roaring crowd . scarlet overkill ( into mic ) ( super-friendly ) oh , wow . thank you . oh , thank you so much . okay , shhhhh . ( sigh ) when I start out , people say a woman could never rob a bank as well as aman . well , time change . a man dressed as scarlet cheer in the audience . man dressed as scarlet I love you , scarlet ! scarlet overkill look at all that face out there . we be all so different . but we have one thing in common --- frankie fish - lip , a sea creature get up . frankie fish -lip we be bear with flipper ? ( look around ) ( more ) minion bl draft frankie fish -lip ( cont 'd ) no ? just I ? ' kay . ( sit back down ) scarlet overkill ( clear throat ) we have big dream . and we will do anything to make they come true . have any of you ever dreamt of work for the great super villain of all time ? the crowd cheer ! scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) well , what if I be to tell you that I be look for new henchmen ? the crowd go nut ! the minion can barely contain they excitement ! scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) I truly believe somewhere out there be a villain with the potential to serve greatness ! and it could be any of you ! Kevin be hang on she every word . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) although let 's not kid ourselves , truly the only man for this job be Kevin and he minion ! ten time the evil in half the package ! I be just in awe ! let 's hear it for Kevin , he save he tribe ! the tribe appear onstage , chant Kevin 's name ! we see that Kevin be daydream all of this . Stuart try to snap he out of it . finally , he punch he . stuart hey ! scarlet overkill so ...how should we do this ? hmmm ...oh ! she hold out her hand . in it be a tiny red diamond . scarlet overkill ( into mic ) .+- you see this tiny little trinket ? ( more ) minion bl draft 36 . scarlet overkill ( into mic ) ( cont 'd ) just take it from my hand and you have get the job . no big deal , it 's almost too simple . quiet beat . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) oh come on , do not be afraid . just take the stone and get that job . come on ! the minion go to get up ... ... and more villain rush the stage . big goon that job be mine ! the big goon get onstage and begin to fight scarlet . scarlet overkill now go easy on I ... she grab he by he nostril . scarlet overkill ( cont ’d ) whoops ! scarlet pummel he . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) Love the costume . she finally toss he , send he fly back . the minion , frighten , run in the other direction as more and more villain flood the stage . the minion be push toward the stage among the chaos . rushing villain so cool !! the minion be knocked to the stage in the flow . Bob 's teddy bear , Tim , be knock out of he hand . we see Bob chasing he as he be kick around the stage . scarlet continue to pummel the villain effortlessly . she practically juggle the ruby as the villain leap for it . Kevin and Stuart be about to leave the stage , but they see Bob still chase around Tim . she continue to defeat the villain . minion bl draft 37 . scarlet overkill be no one good enough ?! she pummel several more villain . the broadsword villain charge scarlet . she stop he blade with she heel and proceed to kick it into the air . the sword fall to the stage , and she use it to smack mad dog mccracken , a scottish villain , off the stage . we see the ruby , Tim , and villain flying all over the place . all the villain converge on scarlet at the same time . you can not even see scarlet as the villain pile on . but one by one , they go flying back , flying up in the AIR , be chop , kick , kneed ... scarlet wipe her brow . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) ugh ! do not my speech inspire anyone to rise up and prove themselves worthy ? all this villain and yet I still have the ... bear . stuff bear . why be I hold a bear ? she then realize that she be hold Tim in she hand instead of the ruby . the audience be stunned . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) who have the ruby ? Bob , still on the stage , sit up . he cough up the ruby ! scarlet size they up , she can not believe it . a beat , before she accept they wholeheartedly . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) wow , who who ... be you , my knight in shine denim ? kevin I le Kevin , la c’est Stuart ... stuart yo ! kevin et la le Bob . bob minion ! 31 32 33 minion bl draft 38 . scarlet overkill ( to minion only ) that ...was incredible . ( to crowd ) behold ! the last creature you have expect to win the day have emerge victorious ! everyone , meet my new henchmen , the minion ! the remain crowd start cheering . the nelson , in the crowd , applaud . walter turn to a grim reaper villain next to he . walter hey hey , I know that guy ! I give ’em a ride here ! woooo ! in he excitement , walter shake the grim reaper so hard he collapse and fall apart . ext : underground villain convention CENTER - parking - day 31 scarlet put on a pair of cool sunglass and steer the scarlet jet up , up into the sky . scarlet overkill buckle up , boy ... the minion , sit behind she , each in they own row , do . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) ... next stop , England ! int : scarlet jet - day 32 the scarlet jet soar through the sky as Stuart sip a martini , Bob stick he head out the window like a dog , and Kevin make a phone call . the dial tone beeps ... int : minion cave - day 33 the minion be try they best to entertain the yetis . huge song and dance number to '' make ' em laugh . '' they dance around in a choreograph dance routine , ice skate , fall through the ice , etc . a phone ring . minion Dave answer it . Kevin 's on the other line . 34 35 36 minion bl draft 39 . dave the minion bello ? hey , Kevin ! eh? Le boss ? in England ? Nah ! ou le finto le boss ! speta . Dave hold the phone to the crowd so Kevin can hear they sing for the yeti. big finish ! a minion blow into a tuba . the reverb cause a huge icicle to fall on top of the yeti chief , killing he ! the other yetis look to the minion . dave the minion ( cont ’d ) uh , bello Kevin , tu le dissay England ? the yetis look furious . they growl . dave the minion ( cont ’d ) scarlet popapiel ? ah. ext : minion cave - day 34 the minion run for it ! yetis in hot pursuit . they stop , but the minion run on . int : scarlet jet - day 35 Kevin hear a dial tone . kevin bello ? bello ? que pasa ? bello ? ext : sky - day 36 the scarlet jet soar over london , england in its 1960 's glory . the high building we can see be castle scarlet , a awesome castle build on a hill . minion wow ! the jet park in a hangar at the base . 37 minion bl draft 40 . int : castle scarlet - hangar - day 37 the minion be take aback by the size of the hangar . minion whoa ... scarlet help Bob off the scarlet jet 's ladder . scarlet overkill here we go ! there . by the way , I really like you bear . she notice she husband , herb . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) herb ! my baby ! herb overkill , a cool hipster in a suit , sit casually ina chair that lower down into the room . scarlet walk over to he and hug he . herb overkill you know I be ! how have it go ? be you evil ? scarlet overkill so evil ! herb overkill oh , a little bird drop this off today ... he hand she a greeting card with a little bird on it . the bird 's heart pop out on a spring when scarlet open the card . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) I miss you . H. it 's I , I be the H. also there be no bird . also I . scarlet overkill herb , seriously , I wanna dig up that William Shakespeare so he can see what true write be . I love it . herb overkill oh that work out because I love minion bl draft 41 . scarlet overkill well I love mmm too ...mmm ... they be entrance by each other , about to kiss . Stuart giggle and make fun of they . Kevin and Bob laugh , too . scarlet overkill ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh , boy , could you come here please ? the minion snap to attention . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) ( to minion ) meet my husband herb . inventor , super genius , fox . herb , this be the new recruit , Kevin , Stuart and that cute little one be Bob . kevin bello ! paratikota . herb overkill right on , you guy be crazy little and way yellow and I dig that . he take Stuart 's hand and do a elaborate handshake that Stuart would have no way of do . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) sweet man . 38 int : scarlet 's lair - trophy room - day 38 a elevator open . the minion follow scarlet and herb into scarlet 's trophy room . the minion can not believe they eye , the place be pack with rare and valuable item that scarlet have steal the past : painting ! statues ! sleek rare car ! minion whoooo0000a , coolos ! scarlet overkill I know , right ? just a few thing I steal to help fill the void . Stuart b-line for a corner dedicated to rock memorabilia . record , instrument , costume . stuart whoa ! La mega-ukelele ! minion bl draft 42 . Stuart reach for jimi hendrix 's guitar . Bob be admire a original Andy Warhol ( Campbell 's Soup ) painting . herb overkill check out my can ? we steal that because finally someone express my love of soup in painting form . minion oooohhh ... scarlet 's demeanor change , she 's suddenly all business . scarlet overkill okay , listen up ! it be time to get down to business . she approach a painting of queen elizabeth . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) do you know who this be ? kevin La cucaracha ? scarlet overkill this be Queen Elizabeth . ruler of England . oh , I love England . the music , the fashion ... I be seriously think about overthrow it someday . Kevin shake Bob , excited . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) anyway , this pale drink of water oversee it all . I be she biggest fan , love she work ... and I really really really want she crown . the minion jump up and down happily . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) steal I the crown , and all you dream come true ! respect ! power ! stuart banana ! 39 40 minion bl draft 43 . scarlet overkill ( imitate Stuart ) banana ! dissolve to : ext . snowy wasteland - day 39 it 's cold snowy , and the minion be homeless . one minion trip over a rock -- except it 's not a rock , it 's another minion bury in the snow . he help he out . several minion fight over a map . Dave grab it and point into the distance . dave the minion se para ! avanti ! they realize that the mound they be stand on be actually a polar bear . the minion run away , with the bear chase after they . they make it to a lake , where they jump onto a sheet of ice . they begin to float away , but then realize that there be several other bear at the other end of the lake . int : scarlet 's lair - herb 's lab - later 40 the minion walk into herb 's lab , a very hip swinger 's pad . they be draw to a large contraption in the corner . herb be overhead , watch they . herb overkill noooo-hoooo , no ! do not get too close , boy . when it 's complete it will be my ultimate weapon , but right now it 's leak radiation like you would not believe . herb toss away he cup of coffee . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) so ... you be here for gear ! he use a extend - of arm to lower himself from the platform . bob whoa . minion bl draft 44 . herb overkill bob. Robert . Bobby . my boy . bob Si ? herb overkill you get my far -out stretch-suit . bob whoooa ! herb overkill Kevin . kev-bo. seventh Kevin . you be the proud owner of my lava lamp gun ! kevin ah ? herb fill a gun with orange lava . herb overkill this baby shoot actual lava . Kevin 's eye widen . this be cool . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) pretty cool , right ? and finally , stu. stu-art . stu-perman . beef stu . I get you the coolest invention , probably ever . Stuart rub he hand together with excitement . stuart ah , patel ... herb hand Stuart the hypno - hat , a orb-shape helmet . herb overkill ... hypno -hat . the helmet expands on Stuart 's head and begin to hypnotize Kevin and Bob . Bob begin to cluck like a chicken . he turn toward herb , who promptly turn off the helmet . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) you can use it to hypnotize anyone . anyone ! scarlet enter the room . minion bl draft 45 . scarlet overkill oh ! you look so great . I feel like a proud mama , with three dash , evil son . Bob be have trouble with he extend - of arm . bob uh , scarlet --- scarlet overkill no no , do not say anything . I will not understand . ( sigh ) it 's get late . you have have a big day , you must be exhaust ! int : castle scarlet - minion quarter - night Bob excitedly bounce up and down on the bed . bob boooo ! boooooo ! herb overkill wow ! this cat be pumped ! scarlet overkill well , maybe I will settle they down with a bedtime story . Stuart try to take a large axe down from the wall . fall over , barely miss Kevin with the axe . Kevin scratch himself , not notice the axe behind he . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) how do that sound , Bob ? bob. bob! bob ! he finally stop bounce . bob bedtime porry ? herb overkill that be a groovy idea ! I will go get some cookie and warm milk . this be gonna be soooo funnnnn ! 41 he she turn . the minion be already tuck in and ready . bob et la bedtime porry ? 42 minion bl draft 46 . she sit down at the end of the bed . scarlet overkill oh , yes . I have get a really , really good bedtime porry . she begin . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) once upon a time ... Bob lean in , excited , as we dissolve to : ext : big colorful world - bob 's head - day 42 pretty pink countryside . rainbow in the sky . we see the three pig come we way . scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) ... there be three little pig ! reveal : three pig , who look a awful lot like we three minion . the Pigs walk up to a scarlet wolf . a female wolf that be clearly scarlet , who loom over they , threateningly ! scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) one fateful day , the pig encounter a big , bad wolf ... scarlet Wolf suddenly be all smile , very friendly ! scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) .+- who have a wonderful surprise for they ! scarlet Wolf walk the piggy home . we see over Kevin - piggy 's head be a thought balloon of all he minion piggy tribe hang out in the snow . scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) the wolf offer the three piggy and all they friend a job work for she . they head into she castle . scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) everyone would be so happy ! scarlet Wolf show they crayon - draw battle plan . minion bl draft 47 . scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) all the three little piggy have to do be just steal one little crown that the beautiful wolf have want ever since she be a penniless little street cub . unlove and abandon . but that crown would mean she be a princess and everybody love a princess , so the wolf send the piggy to get that crown . the minion Pigs sneak on they tiptoe into the tower of london . scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) but the little pig be not up to the challenge ! they fail they mission ! they be kicked out by the Guards . back at castle scarlet . the Pigs come back empty-hand . scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) so the wolf huffed and puffed ... she pull a string . anvil fall on the pig , killing they . follow by a bathtub . and then a spaceship . and then a stockpile of bomb . it explode . scarlet overkill ( v.o. ) ... and she blew they off the face of the earth . Kevin and Stuart hold each other , horrify . Bob be happy . end of story . scarlet overkill the end . Kevin and Stuart be freaked out . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) good luck get that crown tomorrow , little piggy ! I know you will not disappoint I . herb stand in the doorway , eat a cookie and drink milk . they walk out of the room together . Kevin and Stuart do not know what to make of that story . they look at each other , terrify . what have they gotten themselves into ?!?! 43 minion bl draft 48 . Bob be already fast asleep . ext : tower of london - front entrance - day 43 chyron text : Tower of London - London a double -decker bus stop in front of the Tower of London . Kevin unroll what look to be parchment . it be the rip from the painting of the queen in scarlet 's throne room . kevin La crowna para scarlet ! as they approach the ticket counter , Kevin turn to they . kevin ( cont 'd ) lemme do ay . ( to vender ) tres please . ticket vendor you be not allow in without a adult . scram , hooligan ! Kevin lead Stuart and Bob away ... but then get a idea . time lapse : the minion , stack on top of each other and dress like a woman , stumble up to the ticket counter . Bob flirt with a frenchman on the way . Kevin look at the frenchman through he goggle , which be hide in the woman 's '' chest . '' the frenchman be startle , but yet , still intrigue by the woman . ticket vendor ( cont ’d ) how many ticket , please ? bob uhh ... three please -- but then Kevin correct he , make it sound as though the '' woman '' 's stomach be talk . kevin Uno , please . Uno . Kevin then set a gold bar from scarlet 's treasure room on the counter as payment . Bob giggle sheepishly . the ticket vendor do not bat a eye and hand he a ticket . ticket vendor enjoy yourself , love. 44 minion bl draft 49 . minion thank you ! the minion enter the Tower of London and proceed to explore , look at they map and keep a eye on the guard . they get to a room mark '' keep out '' and sneak in . int : tower of london - hallway - continuous 44 they take off they woman costume and strap on they overall and herb 's gear . kevin okay , comme I . the minion run over to the Crown jewel room , but a group of beefeater approach . beefeater 1 hey ! what be you do here ? kevin uuuh ... pasteka ? beefeater 2 this be a restrict area ! hand in the air ! Stuart push Kevin out of the way . stuart lemme do ay . he press the button on he hypno- helmet and walk toward the beefeater , sing the open bar to the song '' hair . '' beefeater 1 stop there ! he hypnotize the beefeater ... they fight it at first ... beefeater 1 ( cont 'd ) get back ...! ..- and they begin to sing and dance around to the song . they begin to throw off they clothes and remove they hat , which reveal long , flowing head of hair . Kevin finally pull Stuart and Bob away and they flee up the stair . the stairway be long and difficult to climb , but after a while , they finally reach the top . 45 46 minion bl draft 50 . int : tower of london - top floor - continuous 45 before they , a giant steel door . Kevin take out the lava lamp -gun . he aim it at the door , gently squeezy the trigger , and the lava lamp - gun fire , melting a hole through the door . int : tower of london - hall of treasure - continuous 46 at the end of the room , keep on a big platform under glass be the queen 's crown ! kevin topilano la crowna ! comme ! they head for the crown . from out of the shadow hobble the keeper of the crown . a old , feeble man in a rag beefeater uniform . keeper of the crown ( off - screen ) so ... you come for the Queen 's crown , do you ? well , you be gonna have to get through I ! the keeper of the Crown . reveal , he be actually point in the wrong direction . the minion laugh . the keeper realize where they be and smack Kevin with he cane . kevin ow ! hey ! keeper of the crown you think it 's funny to mock the elderly , do ya ? kevin uhhh ...si? wham ! he smack Kevin again and again with he cane , pummel he . keeper of the crown I have be up here for decade , just waitin’ for someone to try and steal the Queen 's treasure ! stuart okay ... I le do ay . 47 minion bl draft 51 . Stuart then attempt to hypnotize the keeper of the Crown . keeper of the crown what be you say ? never mind , do not care . he kick Stuart out of the way . the display case then begin to lower through the floor . Kevin point to it . kevin oh no ! Kevin grab the lava gun from the floor and point it at he . it light up ... keeper of the crown oh no you do not ! oh , flippin’ heck ... he press he rapier against the barrel of the gun , but the gun jam up , tossing he against the wall and splatter lava all over the room . a face mask from one of the room 's suit of armor land on he head . kevin spila la crowna polani ! the minion jump through the crown tunnel 's open . they land on the crown , take down the tunnel ... kevin ( cont 'd ) Bob , prakash ! Bob use herb 's suit to rip open the top of the display case like a can opener . but before he can grab the crown , the platform stop move ! ext : tower of london - queen 's entrance - continuous 47 a pair of curtain move aside , revealing Royal Guards . the display case move forward on a conveyor belt . a guard take the crown and walk outside with it , follow by other guard . the minion , hide in the platform , peer out . kevin ( sadly ) La crowna ... 48 minion bl draft 52 . the guard carry the crown over to a wait golden carriage . ext : street of london - day 48 the minion run after the carriage . kevin La crowna ! speeda ! comeriga ! the Queen politely wave from the carriage as throng of onlooker cheer and wave . the crown be on her head . the queen hello ! the minion run through the crowd , try to keep up . as Bob run , he stretch - suit legs spring out , telescoping and make he leg longer . bob hey ! looka I ! he grab Kevin with one hand . grab Stuart with the other . he begin to chase after the carriage on he long leg . the Queen continue to wave from she carriage . the queen hello ! bobby , the Royal Guard , and beefeater be stunne ! bobbie 1 stonin 's crow ! bobbie 2 stop he , lad ! go for the leg ! they chase after Bob , grab he long leg and trip he . Kevin and Stuart fling forward . Kevin land on one of the horse , which send they bolting down the street . the horse kick Kevin into the driver 's seat , knock the driver onto the street . the bobby continue to pin Bob to the ground by he leg . bob Kevin ! 49 50 51 minion bl draft 53 . he manage to pull away from they . he jump onto a rooftop , use he long leg to propel he . bobbie 2 ( into radio ) the Queen 's be kidnap , sarge ! int : police station - continuous 49 the sergeant speak back into he radio . sergeant blimey ! the sergeant press a button and alert the entire police force , who chase the runaway carriage through the street . ext : street - continuous 50 the carriage be out of control . Kevin take the rein . meanwhile , Bob use he long leg to run across London rooftop . he fall down to the street , scream and dodging car with he acrobatic , retractable leg . a car knock he into a ball and he begin to roll until he fall down a OPEN manhole . back to the queen . the carriage be still out of control . int : queen' carriage - continuous 51 the queen what 's go on ?? Stuart jump into the carriage . stuart hello ! he attempt to grab the crown off of the Queen 's head . stuart ( cont 'd ) gimme la crowna ! he tackle she and a struggle ensue . Stuart manage to grab the crown for a moment , but then the Queen grab it and begin to pummel Stuart . the queen gentlemen--do--not--steal --lady 's -- crown ! 52 53 54 minion bl draft 54 . int : manhole - continuous 52 in the manhole , a train approach . bob lift himself up and the train pass through he leg before it begin to drag he along as well . Bob scream . ext : street of london - continuous 53 Kevin see that they be head straight for the river thame ! Kevin try to stop the carriage , but accidentally release the horse instead . the carriage continue to speed toward the water . Bob pull himself to the surface from the sewer . he grab the carriage as it pass over the manhole and climb on top . in a attempt to stop the carriage , Bob grab it with one arm and one leg and shoot the long arm and leg across the street , grab a light post . he hold on tight ! he stop the carriage from fall into the river , but it quickly rubber - band back onto the street , still out of control . the strain make the long arm pop and smoke as Bob hold tight , force the carriage off its path and down sword and the stone square . tourist run out of the way ... ... revealing the carriage be head right for a tree near excalibur ! Kevin and Bob scream ! Queen and Stuart peer out the back window of the carriage , scream ! ext : street of london - continuous 54 wham ! the carriage crunch against a tree . Kevin and Stuart fall off . Stuart have the crown on he head ! he laugh triumphantly . but then the Queen grab it from behind . the queen you scoundrel ! ( to the police ) after they ! two bobbies jump and capture Kevin and Stuart . Bob continue to run toward the sword in the stone ... 55 56 minion bl draft 55 . bobbies tackle he ! stop the blighter ! grab he ! ..- and with no effort at all , pull the sword from the stone ! everyone gasp ! a light shine down from the heaven . dove circle overhead . a choir of boy ( and a bobbie ) begin to sing a hymn . everyone drop to one knee . Kevin and Stuart be confuse . bobbie cor , blimey ! int : british newsroom - day 55 a british news reporter be in the middle of a news report . he prepare tea as he read . we see footage of Bob hold the sword , Queen Elizabeth give he the crown . british news reporter ( to camera ) one of England 's most famous myth have become a reality -- ( take a sip of tea ) -- as a new king have be crown . Bob , who appear to be a bald jaundice child , have pull the fame sword right from its stone , which , legend dictate , make he the new king . int : castle scarlet - day 56 scarlet be watch the news broadcast at home . scarlet spit - take the martini she 's drink . scarlet overkill tiny . yellow . traitors ! she angrily kick over the tv monitor . she get in the scarlet jet . she angrily pull back the throttle . the jet rocket forward . montage : 57 58 59 60 61 62 minion bl draft 56 . ext : OPEN seas - day 57 the minion have tie a chain of inner tube to a barge to travel by sea . ext : port of sydney - day 58 the minion happily climb onto a dock with the Sydney Opera House in the background . minion England ! England ! England ! ext : australian outback - day 59 we see the minion travel in kangaroos 's pouch , become nauseate . minion ( nauceous ) England ... England ... ext : snowy wasteland - day 60 they reach a large gorge between '' Australia '' on one side and '' India '' on the other . one minion attempt to jump over it , but fall . his jacket catch on a branch . the minion behind he use they body to form a bridge and cross over successfully . the fall minion be then see wave for the other minion to help he . int : indian palace - day 61 the minion dance alongside several indian dancer . ext : '' moon '' — day 62 as astronaut plant the flag on the moon 's surface , the minion walk by . pull out to reveal they be on a soundstage . yes , the moon landing be fake , deal with it . director ( 0.s. ) cut !! 63 64 65 minion bl draft 57 . ext : sky - day 63 the minion cling to a airplane wing as they continue they journey . int : limo - day 64 Bob sit in he limo , dress in full royal garb and look out the window , laughing with Kevin and Stuart . the limo pull up to Buckingham Palace . the royal adviser open the door . royal adviser hello , King bob. welcome to Buckingham Palace . Bob see the Royal Guard , line up , intimidating in they official uniform . he shut the door to the limo . bob uhh ...no . royal adviser oh , what 's the matter , you majesty ? whatever 's bother you we can make it right , just name it ! Bob smile . bob oh . ext : trafalgar square - later 65 all the Guards be clad in minion costume . much better for Bob . as he walk the red carpet , he hug each one around the leg . bob awwww buddy ! buddy ! buddy ! a podium on the balcony before a massive crowd . before Bob step up , Kevin wipe another smudge off he face . Bob approach and address the crowd completely in gibberish . he begin with : bob ( cont 'd ) king bob ! the crowd cheer . 66 minion bl draft 58 . crowd King Bob ! yay ! King Bob ! Bob continue he long - wind , impassion speech . he make a few joke , which only Kevin and Stuart laugh at . when he conclude , the crowd stare at he blankly . he glance back to the Royal adviser , who shrug . bob king bob ! the crowd applaud again . Bob drop the mic . int : buckingham palace - throne room - day 66 montage : the minion run throughout the palace , laughing and goof around . the butler chase they , try to maintain order as they slide on bannister , etc . thin butler King Bob !! Kevin plays polo while riding a corgi . a group of other polo player follow behind , stampede through the room . Stuart find the steam room and smile . he take off he overall , revealing thong underwear beneath . Bob continually ring a bell and hide , confusing the butler . butler yes King Bob ? oh. King bob? King Bob ...? Stuart be now in the steam room , with two yellow FIRE hydrant at he side . he hit on they and kiss they . stuart ah , Claire ... Tiffany ... mis bella . rawr . Bob pose for a very regal portrait while Stuart lounge around , play he ukulele . Kevin bat the polo ball toward the door ... ... where scarlet overkill stomp in with a large ray gun ! scarlet overkill how dare you ! minion bl draft 59 . the ball hit she in the face , and then a corgi tackle she as well . she get up , fuming . she hold the corgi , who lick she face . the portrait painter quickly run out of the room . kevin scarlet ! scarlet overkill do not you '' scarlet '' I , you backstabbing little traitor ! use herb 's invention to steal my crown ? herb overkill I feel use . not gonna lie . scarlet overkill you steal my dream ! I be go to conquer England some day ! there be go to be a coronation , and I be go to be make queen . every moment be plan , I have wear a dress so sparkly it glow , and everyone who ever doubted I would be watch , and they would be crying . I be go to be the picture of elegance and class and you pinhead screw it up ! Kevin offer scarlet the crown and try to explain that they do it all for she . kevin La crowna , para tu . royal adviser no , no , no , King Bob ! you can not just abdicate the throne ! scarlet point she gun at the Royal adviser . herb overkill who invite the square ? royal adviser and you definitely cannot just give the job to this woman . there be law ! bob law ? maka the law . hard CUT to : minion bl draft 60 . 67 int : parliament - later 67 parliament be pack . everyone have gather to watch Bob , wear a parliament wig , pound the gavel and rant . bob La keena pota scarlet po papeil ! british newscaster 1 King Bob have officially change the law , clear the way for scarlet overkill to be crown queen of england ! she will be coronate at London 's historic westminster Abbey . if I be not so polite , I would say this spell certain doom for the country , if not the world . but I be so very polite , that I shall keep my mouth shut . ( a beat ) but seriously . we be all in big trouble . 68 ext : buckingham palace - front yard - day 68 scarlet be talk to reporter . scarlet overkill I do not have time to answer any question , I just want to thank the minion , for go above and beyond the call of duty . you be three tiny , golden pill - shape miracle worker , and you have steal not just England , but my heart . she hug they . the minion look touch . kevin shana tova , le buddy ? scarlet continue to smile for the camera . scarlet overkill pardon I ? Kevin take out he wallet , show she a huge fold - out collection of picture of he buddy . she look at it . kevin La triba ! 69 minion bl draft 61 . scarlet overkill wow , so many ! good for you . well , you will all get what you deserve ! the minion be excite ! this be it ! they follow she , and begin sing the monkee 's theme , make more minion-centric . she lead they through numerous room , still sing . they walk through the kitchen , bathroom , etc . int : buckingham palace - dungeon - day 69 she lead they down a stairwell . the minion walk down , sing ... they arrive at a door at the bottom of a stairwell , confuse . scarlet overkill go ahead , go ahead ! they enter the room . she slam the door . look in on they from the window . kevin blumock . they see where they be : a old fashioned dungeon . skeleton . cobweb . cell drip dirty water . and torture device . lot and lot of torture device . scarlet overkill I do not want you to take this the wrong way , but I hate you . I think I could get over what you do , but I feel so betrayed . I think , yes , I think we be gonna have to break up . and it 's not you ... oh wait , hold on . it be you . it 's 100 % you . minion no , no ! scarlet overkill so get comfortable , minion . get real , real comfortable . because this be where you be go to spend the rest of you worthless little life . 70 minion bl draft 62 . she leave . int : buckingham palace - dungeon - continuous 70 herb overkill ( 0.s. ) alright , let 's do this ! the minion know that voice . they turn around : reveal : it 's herb , wear a executioner mask . and he pin - stripe suit . kevin moca le herb ! herb overkill who 's this handsome herb fella ? no , my name be ... blerb , I 'ma , a dungeon master . prepare for torture , which I do ! hard CUT : the minion be on a stretching rack . they be frighten . herb stand before a wheel . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) alright , be we comfy ? doesn't matter , this be torture ! he spin the wheel before he , the minion stretch ... ..+.- and be surprisingly okay ! herb overkill ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) wow , harder than I think . next machine ! hard CUT : herb overkill ( cont ’d ) uh , welcome to hang - town , population : you ! Kevin be in a noose . herb pull a cord ... the floor give out below Kevin . however , due to he shape , he 's completely fine . Bob , excitedly , go next ! he 's fine ! minion bl draft 63 . finally , Stuart leap through and do some impressive cirque do soleil type move via the dangle noose . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) guy , cut it out ! this be really unprofessional ! the minion be play with the equipment , have a great time . herb try to stop they . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) there 's no laugh in the dungeon ! I wanna see tear , and I wanna hear scream or I be gonna get -- ( notice a old - fashioned torture device ) wait . oooh ! I have get a groovy idea ! he take a photograph of it . hard CUT : herb be in a stockade . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) look at this ! he pretend he 's dead as Kevin take a picture . we see a bunch of picture take by the minion during the torture . have the time of they life with herb . the minion and herb leaf through the picture , laugh , share good time . herb take a selfie as he hold a spear behind he head , make it look like it 's go through he skull . scarlet overkill ( over intercom ) hello ! will the future King herb overkill please come upstairs to prepare for the coronation ? herb overkill well , I hope you learn you lesson for today . minion Si si ! buena ! herb overkill and by the way : ( pull off mask ) it be , I , herb , the whole time ! 71 minion bl draft 64 . he leave . and then come back . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) I do not even know anyone name blerb ! he leave again . the minion run for the door , but it shut . int : buckingham palace - day 71 scarlet be get she hair do by the very chic fabrice . scarlet overkill I be hour away from become the Queen of England ! fabrice I know ! it 's a gas ! scarlet overkill I will finally get my crown ! fabrice yeah ... scarlet overkill it 's all I have ever want ! I be go to be so happy ! scarlet be look in a mirror , get ready for the coronation . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) but ... let I ask you something , fabrice . ( point to hair ) do that --- she hold up a crayon drawing that she do of herself as a young girl . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) ( hold up picture ) --- look like this to you ? fabrice mmmhmm . Mrs. overkill , the hair in that picture , it 's just two wavy line . scarlet overkill oh , so what , now you be a art critic ? minion bl draft 65 . fabrice oh , but -- scarlet overkill I draw that when I be five year old ! ( angry ) get out of my sight ! missile extend from her dress , she fire they at fabrice ... ..- knock he out of the castle . herb walk in , look out the hole in the wall cause by fabrice . herb overkill bye fabrice . ( to scarlet ) I like he . he be fun . so what do you think of the dress ? scarlet overkill oh , it 's so beautiful . so fashion forward . so valentino . herb overkill gave it a sweetheart neckline because you be my sweetheart . the high collar and cinched waist reflect a simpler , more violent time . the material be a blend of taffeta and high density body armor . fully armed and load . and that glow , that 's nuclear . scarlet overkill Nice ... just one more thing to do . gotta look good for the public , uggh . do you mind ? herb overkill my pleasure . herb pull tight on she corset . scarlet overkill Little tighter , sweetie. ( pull tighter ) come on , I can take it . ( pull tighter ) Little tighter . tighter. ( pull tighter ) must ...have ... tiny waist . 72 73 74 75 minion bl draft 66 . a butler walk in on the scene hold a tray of coffee . scarlet overkill ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) see star , see star ... lose feel in my leg , perfect ... tight , tight , tight ... the butler awkwardly back out of the room . int : dungeon - continuous 72 Kevin notice a sewer grate ! Kevin and Stuart pull off the grate . bob I helpa ! I helpa ! they toss it onto Bob , who can barely support it . kevin La sartod ! bob helpa I ! helpa I ! int : sewer of london - day 73 Kevin , Stuart and Bob make they way through the sewer , try to make it to scarlet . Bob pet a rat . they climb up a ladder , out of the sewer ... int : funeral home - day 74 the minion push through floorboard ... ..- and see they have make it into a funeral home ... where a funeral be go on . family member gather around a coffin . kevin uh se para ... una otra . Kevin and Stuart leave ... int : sewer of london - day 75 Kevin and Stuart walk on ... but where 's Bob ? he drop down the ladder , clutching a funeral wreath . 76 77 78 minion bl draft 67 . bob para la scarlet ! Kevin think for a moment . he pull out a pen and cross out '' for you loss '' and add '' scarlet . '' a bumblebee fly into the wreath . Bob do not notice . he beckon the rat to come along with they . the minion climb up another ladder . ext : abbey road - day 76 they pop up beneath a sewer cover . they be in the abbey road crosswalk , peek out beneath the lid . we see the leg of the beatle step on top of the minion as they walk across the street . ext : street of london - day 77 scarlet 's carriage and caravan head down the street . the man dressed as scarlet from villain con push through the crowd and shout to scarlet . man dressed as scarlet I love you , scarlet ! scarlet overkill ( to crowd ) Queen wave , queen wave ! Queen wave ! int : westminster abbey - day 78 villain rise as scarlet walk into the sprawling main room . thousands of candle . huge chandelier . scarlet proceed down the center aisle with herb . scarlet overkill I be so so excited , this be perfect ! everyone look so nice ... she grab Tina Nelson 's face and shake it . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) oh , you be just adorable . tina oh yes ! 79 minion bl draft 68 . scarlet overkill and that music , oh , who be that organist ? she be good , right ? she look like a edna ? ( to organist ) edna ! you be very good ! the elderly Lady organist give she the thumb up . they approach the archbishop , flanke by mobster on either side . herb overkill ( to archbishop ) thanks for do this , padre . Big fan . scarlet , in she exuberance , squeezy he face . scarlet overkill come here , let I squeeze you ! ooh ! you be so squishy ! ext : westminster abbey - sewer grate - evening 79 the minion lift up a manhole cover and see that they be right in front of westminster Abbey . Bob be still carry the rat . kevin go , go , go ! they run up to the door of the Abbey . they try to open it . it 's lock . Stuart ram he head against the wood . stuart ouch , ouch ... Kevin decide to try another way . Bob try to take the rat . kevin Le poochy , sayonara ! Kevin motion the rat can not come any further . the rat look at Bob . Bob look at the rat . bob ciao , le poochy . he then begin to sing '' auld lang syne '' as a goodbye song to the Rat ( aka '' poochy '' ) . 80 minion bl draft 69 . Kevin yank he off-screen . kevin ( sigh , annoyed ) Bob ...komay ! Stuart ! stuart ( daze ) Si , si ... ext : westminster abbey - continuous 80 the minion begin to scale the wall of the Abbey . Bob wave to a pigeon nest on a ledge . they make it to the roof . Kevin look inside ... kevin okay , la comme . archbishop ( 0.s. ) will you to you power cause law and justice ... the bee from the wreath fly around Stuart 's head . he swat at it . then it land on Bob 's forehead . Stuart smack Bob in the forehead , and Bob begin to cry . Stuart apologize . but then the bee land on Bob again . Stuart hit he again , cause a slap - fight . but then the bee begin to chase after both of they ! they run away and jump into the charge ... ... landing on a chandelier . they begin to run in circle away from the bee on the chandelier , cause it to unscrew from the ceiling . kevin no , no , no ... Kevin look and see scarlet and herb right beneath the chandelier . archbishop ( 0.s. ) do you scarlet overkill , solemnly promise ... Stuart and Bob switch direction as they run away from the bee , cause the chandelier to screw back into place . kevin se bona ! yeah ! minion bl draft 70 . but then they change direction again . kevin ( cont 'd ) nooo ! Kevin make he way over to the chandelier on a support wire . he slap the bee away . Bob and Stuart be exhaust . they lay on the chandelier , which stop spin . Kevin , still hold onto the support wire , reach for Stuart and Bob . they grab he hand , but Bob 's foot get stuck on the chandelier . it begin to teeter . below , the crown be about to be place on scarlet 's head . she giggle with excitement as the archbishop hold the crown . archbishop I proclaim thee , scarlet overkill , the Queen of England ! the archbishop be about to put the crown on scarlet 's head . she 's ecstatic ! we have never see a human be smile this big ! but then ... scarlet notice the chandelier fall toward she . but she also see Kevin and the minion dangle above . scarlet overkill kevin ! ! the chandelier finally unscrew completely , plummeting to the ground . Kevin manage to grab Stuart and Bob before it fall . the chandelier slam down on scarlet . hard . herb overkill ( cry ) scarlet ! scarlet , my queen ! ( to villain ) somebody help I ! the villain rush toward herb . the minion quietly slide down the curtain , get they to ground level . they run into the crowd . a few villain try to pull up the chandelier . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) ( cry ) come on , come on ... lift on two ! one --two !! one --two !! one --two !! 81 minion bl draft 71 . they be almost at the door ... when they hear a loud crash . scarlet 's dress activate . she shoot up and toss the chandelier into the air . she hover above the crowd . bruise . harried . chest heaving , enraged . herb overkill ( cont ’d ) scarlet ! you be okay ! she put up she hand , point with a shaking finger . scarlet overkill he . tried . to. kill I . kevin no ! scarlet overkill villain ! this be no longer a coronation . she dramatically and furiously point at the minion ! scarlet overkill ( cont ’d ) it be a execution ! get they ! the villain begin to chase after the minion through the hallway of the Abbey . the nelson stand by , watch in horror . walter whoa , nelly ! run , fella , run ! ext : street of london - night 81 the minion crash through stain glass window , run for it . a beat later ... the villain burst through the building in hot pursuit , take out the entire front of the build . the minion run for it ... the villain be gain on the minion . a grenade be hurl . then the villain who throw the grenade be hurl . he roll right past the minion . the minion hide in a telephone booth . but it 's occupy by a hockey mask villain , who chase they away . minion bl draft 72 . a cowboy villain try to lasso the minion , but end up trip some of the villain . then a huge drilling tank drill its way through the ground . a soviet villain step out of the vehicle with a axe . Stuart and Bob run away . soviet villain you be mine ! kevin Stuart ! Bob ! Kevin run in the opposite direction . Stuart and Bob be chase by a clown villain on a unicycle . he pull up next to they , juggling grenade . he drop the grenade on the ground . they explode . Stuart turn a corner but run into the stomach of the sumo villain . sumo villain huh ? hey ! I get one ! the broadsword villain reach for Kevin , but miss . Kevin run around a light pole . the broadsword villain raise he sword , hit the Soviet villain . he then swing at the light pole . he miss Kevin , and the light from the pole fall onto broadsword villain 's head . Bob continue to run , and climb over a wall . he hide behind the wall , think he 's safe . frankie fish -lip emerge from a puddle of water , look sad and helpless . Bob pat he head . but then Fish lip grab Bob , pull he underwater . Kevin continue to run , call for Stuart and Bob . but they be nowhere to be find . we pan down , beneath the ground ... to see the minion tribe arrive in the London Underground Station . they step off the train and march through the platform . train station announcer ( v.o. ) ( repeat ) mind the gap . minion mind the gap ! mind the gap ! mind the gap ! one minion scream in a child 's face . minion on platform mind the gap !!! 82 83 minion bl draft 73 . ext : street of london - night 82 Kevin keep run . he see a dirty pub with the blind pull , but the light on . this be the pig' spleen . he run in . int : the pig 's spleen - night 83 Kevin run in . breathe heavily , he duck down as the villain outside pass . he sigh , try to catch he breath . the crowd inside be raucously laughing and partying . the queen ( 0.s. ) hahaha ! oh , what about this one ? hahaha ! why do the Queen go to the dentist ? to get she tooth crowned ! much laughter . that voice sound familiar . Kevin look : it 's the Queen , stand at the bar ! kevin La queena ! bar patron tell we another one , lizzy ! kevin uh...bello ... the Queen turn and see Kevin . the queen oh . it 's you . everyone , this be one of the little fellow who steal the monarchy from I . and how 's that work out for you ? Kevin start tell the Queen about the trouble they be in . the queen ( cont ’d ) oh yes yes , I see what be go on on the telly . kevin telly ? 84 minion bl draft 74 . Kevin see the tv behind the bar be show footage outside of westminster abbey . british news reporter ( on tv ) what be mean to be the coronation of scarlet overkill have go terribly wrong , as - -- scarlet kick he out of the way . scarlet overkill ( on tv ) move ! !--- Kevin ! Kevin , I know you 're out there ! you think you have gotten away ? well , what do we have here ? she hold up a tied up Stuart and Bob ! bob ( on tv ) bello ! kevin bob! Stuart ? behind scarlet , the tribe of minion start filing out of the London Underground . scarlet overkill ( on tv ) oh my goodness ! which one shall I kill first ? Little bob? Stuart ? bob? Stuart ? hmm ? I will do it , Kevin , if you be not back here by dawn ! scarlet kick the camera over , as the screen cut to static . the queen oh my ! Kevin look at the tv , scared ... kevin no ! Les buddy ! he storm out of the pub , push patron out of the way . ext : castle scarlet - later 84 villain patrol the street around Castle scarlet . Kevin sneak down the alley way ... 85 86 87 88 minion bl draft 75 . ...- narrowly avoid they as he head onto the castle grounds . but unbeknownst to Kevin ... the sumo villain spot he . he turn to the other villain . sumo villain ha ha ha ... there he be ! int : castle scarlet - trophy room - night 85 a vent be kick open from the inside . Kevin crawl out . int : castle scarlet - herb 's laboratory - night 86 Kevin enter , step over a laser security beam , b-line for some weapon . ext : castle scarlet - night 87 the sumo lead the charge . sumo villain follow I ! int : castle scarlet - herb 's laboratory - night 88 Kevin load up the lava lamp gun . grab a phaser . some dynamite . some knife . a rocket backpack . he look in the mirror . pretty cool . kevin ( to reflection ) whooda man ? he look particularly buff . but then he reflection change angle , cause he to look short and fat . kevin ( cont 'd ) ( disappointed ) oh. but then he hear the villain at the door ! 89 90 91 minion bl draft 76 . ext : castle scarlet - night 89 the villain be use sumo as a batter ram to take down the door ! sumo villain harder ! it 's just my head ! crash ! they manage to break down the door ! int : castle scarlet - herb 's laboratory - night 90 the villain be come ! Kevin be panic ! he take off he gear and accidentally trip into herb 's ultimate weapon ! close the door ... .-- he butt bump into some button , the weapon light up . startle , he bump into a button label '' do not push this button . '' then into a switch mark '' do not flip this switch . '' then he accidentally pull a lever mark '' do not pull this lever . '' nothing happen . he breathes a sigh of relief . but that triggers a open mark '' do not blow into this hole . '' ultimate weapon ( v.o. ) ultimate weapon initiate . activation in 3...2...1 ... the villain be rushing towards herb 's lab ! they burst in ! they be run right for the power booth ! they raise there weapon , ready to smash kevin and the ultimate weapon --— whoooosh ! his shadow grow over the villain ... ... and keep growing . ext : castle scarlet - night 91 the wall crack . break apart . tower topple ! villain spill out of every crack , door , and window ! something be pushing they out ! something big ! 92 93 minion bl draft 77 . a giant glove hand shoot out the top window . another giant glove hand punch through the other side of the castle ! giant feet break out from the bottom , lift the castle off its foundation ! the castle crack like a eggshell , break off , revealing ... giant mega 30 story kevin ! kevin bello ! the villain run for it ! ext : castle scarlet - morning 92 Kevin look out over the city . he mean business . kevin les buddy . ext : giant pile of dynamite - day 93 Stuart and Bob be tie to every piece of tnt that could be find in England in under five minute . it 's a lot . scarlet know people . scarlet overkill this be it , boy . thing do not look good for you . she hold up Tim . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) oh. and I be keeping the bear . bob tim !!! scarlet overkill you be not gonna need he where you 're go . ( whisper , '' between you and I '' ) Heaven . 94 95 96 97 98 minion bl draft 78 . ext : street of london - continuous 94 Kevin walk down the STREET . fierce look of determination on he face . Kevin shoos away some bird , which fly right past he face . but then ... ...- thuck ! he stop in he track . reveal : he be stick between building . he be too big . he try to wedge himself out . he continue to the next building ... ext : giant pile of dynamite - morning 95 scarlet and herb light the fuse . scarlet overkill ( make Tim 's arm wave ) '' bye bye , say bye bye , Bob . bye bye ! " stuart ay yay yay yay ... ext : street of london - continuous 96 Kevin squeezy between building , past a office where several typist be work . they barely notice the giant minion walk past the window . a woman apply lipstick smear it across she face when she see giant Kevin . Kevin be try to make he way through heavy traffic . he 's still have trouble squeezing he way between building . ext : giant pile of dynamite - continuous 97 scarlet and herb run away from the dynamite , laughing . ext : giant pile of dynamite - day 98 Stuart and Bob watch helplessly as the fuse be about to reach the explosive ! scarlet and herb watch from a nearby alleyway , laughing ... Kevin grab they just in time ! 99 100 minion bl draft 79 . scarlet look up at he , in annoyed awe . scarlet overkill wait , what ? how do he ...? ( annoyed ) hold my bear . but the chain of dynamite be coming at stuart and bob fast ! scarlet 's dress enter attack mode . it begin grow , transform ... turbine pop out the back allow for flight . all sort of weapon pop out from all side ! the dynamite continue to go off ... but then a gush of water put out the wick ! be Kevin pee on it ? sure look that way ... .-- but no , he 's use water from a FIRE hydrant ! he screw the hydrant back in place . stuart & bob whoo-hooo ! ( look over Kevin 's shoulder ) kevin ! labato ! Kevin turn ... ... to see scarlet flying right at he ! lava cannon pop out on either side of she dress ! scarlet overkill so , that 's you plan ? make yourself a bigger target ? she unleash the lava at Kevin ! int : tea room - continuous 99 meanwhile , the minion tribe be inside a tea room . they see giant Kevin run past and they run out the door . ext : street of london - same 100 scarlet charge Kevin , knock Stuart and Bob out of he hand ! he catch they just in time . minion bl draft 80 . scarlet overkill hahahaha ! she charge he again , knock he to the ground ! Stuart and Bob spill out onto the pavement . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) and so help I , I never want to see another one of you goofy , bug -ey face ever again ! minion scarlet ! scarlet ! scarlet ! scarlet look down ... ... and see the minion tribe marching down the street towards she . very excite ! scarlet overkill what ?? oh you gotta be kid I ! she aim she gun at the minion tribe . the minion run for it ! scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) oh no you do not ! she fire a lava-gun , block the minion 's path ! scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) and just for the record my little devile egg , you can thank kevin for what I be about to do to you ! Kevin rise behind scarlet , back -hand she ... ..+.- send she through a building . and another . and another . one building collapse . a british man on he balcony read the newspaper do not even notice . the minion cheer ! Stuart and Bob hug they friend . minion wooo -hooo ! kevin ! Kevin greet the minion tribe and begin to kiss they . he accidentally pick up one of they with he mouth . he hold the spit-drench minion in he hand . spit -drenched minion ewww ! minion bl draft 81 . a seriously angry scarlet rocket overhead . her dress be open up to its final stage . scarlet overkill enough ! this end now !! scarlet 's dress expands , the nuclear core be reveal dead center of the dress ... -..as it aim at the minion . scarlet zip up into the AIR . she fire ! the missile sail through the AIR , let out a loud slow beep as it head right for the minion . but then ! Kevin leap over the tribe , get between they and the nuclear missile . see no other alternative ... ..- he swallows it ! the minion tribe be horrify . bob Kevin !!! we hear the beep come from he mouth . he 's unsure of what to do . scarlet overkill hahaha , you imbecile ! have fun explode ! scarlet swoops down and grab herb . herb overkill baby ! she fly up into the air .... herb overkill ( cont ’d ) whoa , what 's the rush ? scarlet overkill get to get out of here !-- Kevin 's hand reach into frame and grab they ! she try to pry herself loose . 101 minion bl draft 82 . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) let US go ! she try to pull away from Kevin ... ... but he doesn ’t let go ! scarlet and herb rocket high over london ... ... taking kevin with they ! he will not let go ! the beep from Kevin 's mouth be get quicker and quicker , it 's about to go off ! scarlet begin to activate she dress to protect she and herb . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) no no no no no ... ext : street of london - day 101 boooooooo0000m ! the minion watch the explosion in the sky . bob ( cry ) Kevin !!! tear be fill he goggle . poochy arrive on the scene . Stuart hand he to Bob . stuart Te , le poochy . Bob hug he and be happy for a moment . but then he immediately begin cry again . bob Kevin la tota ... Stuart begin to comfort Bob as he cry . the tribe begin hum tap for they fall friend . Stuart join in . then , in the distance , from behind the tribe , Kevin soar in use he overall as a parachute ! the minion do not notice . kevin aaaaaah ! he fly right over they . bob looka ! ! the minion see he , and cheer ! 102 minion bl draft 83 . the minion try to catch he , the wind blow he all about make they run back and forth . whack ! he land on the statue , hard . the minion cheer again ! kevin wooo . ouch . ext : london square - day 102 the Royal carriage roll up . the minion step out of the carriage . kevin Stuart ? stuart hm ? kevin Bob ? bob Si ? Kevin wipe a smudge from Bob 's face . he take a deep breath , proud . kevin komay . they walk forward . a huge crowd have gather . they cheer for we heroes as they walk a long path toward the palace . the Queen address the crowd . the minion stand next to she . the queen lady and gentleman , we be here today to celebrate the minion . the crowd cheer . one of the Queen 's corgis lick a minion 's tongue . minion in crowd blech ! blech ! the queen the country owe you a great debt of gratitude . ( more ) minion bl draft 84 . the queen ( cont 'd ) ( to Bob ) Bob , you be a wise and noble king for all of eight hour . so for you , I offer this tiny crown for you teddy bear , Tim . bob tri makasi , try makasi ! he jump up and hug the Queen . the queen oh , very good , Bob . the nelson be in the audience . walter weep tear of joy . walter oh , spectacular ! madge I be so proud of you boy ! the queen oh , Stuart . Stuart step forward . stuart ah , poirel ! the queen for you , I have this beautiful super duper incredible snowglobe . stuart poglobe ? the queen and look , look -- ( she shake the globe ) -- hour of excitement ! stuart ( clearly disappointed ) oh , yippee ... gracias ... the Queen burst out laughing . Kevin join in . the queen oh , Stuart , we be just messing with you . do not be mad at I , it be Kevin 's idea . Stuart turn to Kevin , who shrug , happily . 103 minion bl draft 85 . stuart Kevin ! the queen we have a much better surprise for you . Kevin hand he a new guitar . kevin un supa mega ukulele . stuart coolos ! Stuart do a amazing guitar solo and the crowd go wild . the '' Hair '' beefeater be quite enjoy it . Stuart end it , very much in the moment , by smashing the guitar . a beat . he begrudgingly take the snowglobe from the Queen , mutter as he walk away . the queen right . uh... and finally , Kevin ! kevin Si , mala keena ? the queen you be a hero of the high order . for you bravery and valor , I be knight you . from here on out , you be Sir Kevin . well do . Kevin smile . the crowd cheer ! ext : london square - continuous 103 Stuart and Bob join Kevin . a great moment ! narrator ( v.o. ) what a beautiful moment . the nation , nay the world be celebrate Kevin , Stuart , and Bob . the last few thousand year be rough , no question , but thing be finally go they way ! on kevin . minion bl draft 86 . narrator ( v.o. ) Kevin have never be more proud . ( slow realization ) but something be miss ... the Queen smile , go to scratch she head --- the queen ha ha , yes , good show , good show ! q--- --- only to find she crown be gone ! the queen ( cont ’d ) my crown be go ! it 's go !! the bobby and Royal Guard begin search the crowd ... bobbie 1 blimey ! ...- but Kevin see scarlet and herb running from the scene . kevin hey ! hey ! scarlet ! Kevin run after they . scarlet overkill they take everything from I ! my castle ! my reputation ! thing look bleak , baby , I be not gonna lie ! but now at least I have my crown ! suddenly , scarlet and herb be hit by a ray which freeze they in a block of ice . the ice slide across the ground until it be stop by a foot . we see that the foot belong to a young gru . he be hold a freeze - ray . gru take the crown . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) child , give I that back ! little gru no , I do not think so . scarlet overkill you have no idea who you be mess with ! I be the great super villain of all time . minion bl draft 87 . little gru oh be you ? ( laugh ) Kevin , be in awe of the whole thing . gru turn and see he ... -.- smile at Kevin . Kevin smile back . instant connection . the rest of the tribe walk over . kevin buddy ! komay ! looka ! gru hop on he bike . little kyle wait for he in the side seat . he put the crown on Kyle 's head . gru gun it . the bike convert into a jet ... Kevin can't take it anymore ! he point to gru! kevin ( cont 'd ) C ’est le boss ! c’est le boss ! komay ! he run after gru . the minion tribe follow . scarlet overkill ah ! get back here -- be you really go to allow that little penguin to make off with my crown ? ( slurp ) oh herb , I be do . Bob double back . he hand she the one the Queen give Tim . scarlet be sincerely touch . scarlet overkill ( cont 'd ) ( small gasp ) ... for I ? aw . bob Si , para tu . bye bye ! Bob run offscreen . Kevin run after the cycle . the minion , include Bob , follow . minion bl draft 88 . narrator ( v.o . ) and that be how the minion find they new boss . he be cun , he be evil , he be perfect . he be ... despicable . gru ride into the sunset . we close - in on gru 's face as he laugh . the end the credit roll , intersperse with animated vignettes of gru and the minion : -- the minion follow gru in a single - file line . they bump into he and he shoos they away , but they only imitate he shooing gesture . they begin to imitate all he other movement , until he begin running in place and they get trip up and fall over . -- gru peel a banana . the minion see this and begin to surround he , until he run away offscreen with the minion give chase . norbert fall while run and place he starfish strategically on he chest , as he do in the film . -- Bob run across the screen wear the far out stretch suit . gru follow , wear he own suit , except he have cluster of minion attach to the leg , make it difficult for he to walk . -- gru sneak up on a sleeping kyle . he gesture the minion to come over , carry a bathtub . they place the tub on the ground , and as gru be about to ambush Kyle , Stuart snap a photo . the flash awaken Kyle and he attack gru. Stuart snap photo of gru be attack . -- the minion approach a giant painting of gruss mom . they begin to vandalize it , draw googly eye and a afro on she image . gru appear onscreen and consider the vandalize painting for a moment , before draw a yellow mustache on it . the minion laugh until gru 's Mom appear , when they unabashedly blame gru . -- the minion gather around gru , embrace he in a large group hug . a pile of minion fill the screen . gru 's head pop out of the pile , smiling happily . -- post credit : the minion and other character from the movie sing a version of the Beatles 's '' Revolution . ''