" don't look now " by allan scott & CHRIS bryant second draft J for j sancti in bat i iet ua ied dali abba i es la! fee ane eet 3 . study . g roo g at the 3 sou pakter be wor be line with book , a clu iva rood with a lov eail and the latter of a de ated mind , Tho sun sir 2 als ) brightly through the norroy window , disturbing the gusty toma and jlluminating the darkest corner of the room , ! the cam@ra track in on JOHN who ia pear at a colour ' transparency of a stain glass window , his desk be coverad with piece of stain glass and he move ece lilie bit of a jigsaw puzzle , check they the tra ean he be wholly absorb in he work when quite suddonly and fox no apparent reason he stiffon and look up . iy he stand slowly , look ahout , as if troubled by some { hhalf - recaly memory of unpleasant thing . '' he walk to the door . passage of cote se many re dan JOHN walis down the stone - flagge passageway , he pace ' anerease . rie , she LAURA jiaxtsr be prepare a meal , wash vegetabl 's look up , smile , as jonn enter and cross the room make for the hack door , LAURA vhatt the matter , darling ? JOHN sdmaramleomey , = tate . no this : ‘ne screen doow slam behind he , 's the d 1 hehind } JOHN be run now and sun bord . the path leada downhill through a green foract of tree . ' fhe sunlight dapple the dry earth . JOHN 's footstep and he breathe be though only sound until a sudden rust of winu make . the tree stir and sigh , and over that sound come the cry of a boy , tha oye vise ' with the wad , siam oer ) roce ! nereis ! the sharp fear jin the child 's vote2 be clear , JOHN rus - even faster , gasp for hreath , atuchle aver a root , | righting himself and run on . journ jonerie tssobbing , he iz beyamd woed hie body weae , werk : pean a ie 4 ' he som , appoar cun up the path towards he . — = — T ssp tess ! , JOHN do not even hesitate by the boar but run on , strain against the limit of he body . ext . lame shore uy coeptage , day . join round a bend in the path and dash down the the yvobbly shore of the lake . we stumble onto the Little break srooden jetty , the certainty of tragody catch in he eye . jown 's p.o.¥ . the camera zgom slowizy to a figure in the water about thirty yard from the jetty , it be the body of a child , sho be motionless in the water , ace sow , yrigns red waterwii now deflate , make a red stain against the dark water of the lake , '' they move faintly with the ripple to give the impression cf the wing of a bird or of au angel , high angle , JOHN have plunge inte ti:e water and svin towards the tiny break figure . yut the distauee se enormous , the effort be utterly furile , Tho two figure be the only feature on the dark becke@round of water , ' he ae snsoetenctenl '' , 4 j i i ) . : | i child a tiny bundle of white skin and red plastic watervwing . tne father shroud in the white foam of water as he flail towards he deed daughter , slow do clve to ; tlele showonce , 4 $ title end dissclys to : ext , torssllo , vestc . dat , LAURA be at a outside tahle in a cheerful yeuet restaurant . she 4s with joun , she husband and friend . Tho scar of tragody be . still visilie in the tautness of ! she smile , wut at least the effort be genuine , the muffle vaguenoss that be a consaquenve of emotional shock t sland still cloud LAURA 's dem@anour , wut at least hes i have manage to penetrate tha veil . joh be good lotking and slishtly older than La his eye smile @ great deal and they ' JOHN ' do not look now , '' tut welra I bo exam watche LAURA look about to right and leave . . jon no . behind you , a couple of old woman , I think they be try to hypnotizo mo . LAURA drop she napkin and under the pretext of pick it up she look , her p.o.¥ , two tweedy sister sit at a far tablo . thoy look proposterously masculine in they neatly buttone shirt and tie set , severe tweed jacket and short haircut . ' the shortor of the two be stare directly at thom vith pale blue eye , the tall@ k ono luok away , say something and the short ono avert hay ayese 4 LAURA suppress a gigglo ' 'as she turn back to JOHN , LAURA theytre not old wonen at all . they be mala brother in drag . LAURA laugh and JOHN join she , he hand sneaking out to touch she axin , jcrn they be criminal do murope , thoy change clothes and sex at each stop to throw interpol off the track , ' today Venice and they ! is2 ee ladiss . , tomorrow Florence and thay tit : ' mon again . . LAURA be laugh openly now , JOHN affect concern . '' jom shouldutt yon at least pretend to choke ? then he play the stand - up comic . jounn I have hear about sox change , but put it this way .. , and then put it that way ... , and then put it this way again .... JOHN watch she happily , kindly . le wait for she laughtar to subside , '' oo join it 's good to hear you laugh again . LAURA close down . you see ? you realiy formset for a minute there , dnd now you want sipe pai to at er kal dain ete , xy. oot . jonn ( contd ) to feel puilty at have forget , LAURA : Change the subject John . JOHN wave helplassly , jolin let yourself go , Laura . LAURA force a change in the subject , but the mood have be break altogether . LAURA you know what I think they be ? retired schoolmistress from Australia , they inherite a haady qiuamee little sum fron sister lil * that van a netel in adelcide , ' they be do buyvone in three month include a day txip to old dad 's grave in bvadford , then back to mee Creek in gocd ald Australia kangaroo JOHN be impressed by he wifet feat . - JOHN all good . tut it still do not answer though question , LAURA leok up shaxyply at hin , jon be they vemen ? or do they have 23 % fewer cavity ? LAURA relox , RA v a we may be about to find out . i ! bt San es ay hin ¥, 0 , .v , . the two sistins have siood up and a point out the toilet to they , fhe sistln wend they way hatween the les , LAURA i wateh closely , if they automatically make for the ment room and then remamber ' they be in disguise 7 we will : know . there p.o.v , the sistsrs move suddenity towards they tadle , approach slowly with measure tread . they coma nearer ! to the camera never biink , never alter pace , they beth pause as they pass jomun and LAURA 'ts table . LAURA shift she chair to permit thom passage . one o% tie sister , the t hut the other starss down with huge , hypnotic blue aye thet @ll one , give a gracious little smile of th never ovlink , then they wove on . LAURA lean forward , suppreuse 1 grin . ) LAURA it can not be real . joun what can not ? LAURA , the hair , it must be wig . jorn X do not really notice , I be look av that eyo . do you ... Laura oh John you be leamiecm sa a rotten dotective , they both hod moustach and wie , and all you see wear the ayeSae . she sive a grunt of satisfaction , Te exe , tonceilo . vemres. day . contd , LAURA aha ! LAURA stand up . . JOHN what ave you do ? LAURA I be go to investigate further ny dear vatgon . she turn to he conspiretorially . : auld , befrty woh at : I mawtiete piu , that 's all . then she be go . jo ] in lean back , take out a cigarette and watch she follow the sister inte the ladre roo ho-speak to himself with a certain fervour . JOHN oh yes you must , int . doctor' sur ay . day . whiteness of the clinical room , through the window LAURA , dark and hunch , wait in the car , she stare ahead , transfix and empty , she face pale and drain , JOHN turn away prom the window to the doctor who be sit at he desk , he head bow over somo papers , wath he head still bow the doctor take off he glass , put they in he top pocket , rub he eye and loek up . his eyo ara pale tlue and rhownye doctor give she time , give she time . soon she will turn to you or you Son johnnis be it ? to look back at LAURA , she have not move , JOHN thos slow still hunch , witha . the ; 4 4 4 J a eat ett sale diate et a 1 late be meee aaltt , i i dgocter you't2i have other cudicren , sha 'li fing the strength from somswheme , human nature 's still the finest medicine of they all , 4nd timo the great healer . ext . tore stauramt pec sohn be suddenly awave of the walt hovese . son let 's you ard mo arrange a Little surprise , yave you sot the win list ? the waiter offer it . 1 int , the room be rather large ~ rather pretentious for its function , mirroxys above washbasin rum down ane wall , there be four of they , a oid crone sit on a chair guard she tip and ignore the small activity in the room , lama wash she hand , watehing the two Vo at the far basin , ' the talisr of the two be very carefully put lipstick on the short one 's lip , it be like a child veing tend by its mother , as though opsration end the tall sister see launa , stunbles manentariLy and murmur something to she sistur , the sister 's great blue 'ye swivel tovard LAURA ~ who look away quickly . LAURA hastily dry she hand on the little towel provide , she cheek she make ~ and be ahout to leave when she be axtle by the veice of the taller systsr , now stand ag tight wext to hex , | | ithope yeu will not think we wede . , .ee LAURA I be sorry , I do not mean to statq ses the sister be accent be heavily Scottish with the lugubrious heaviness of the East Coast . verry my sister be blind , you do not mind if she talk to you ? LAURA move fractionally backwards as the short sist heather , stretch a gnary hana out and touch LAURA be sloeve , LAURA no , I , ..of course net , hella . heather make no response , but she hand move slowly up laura8s arm . like a spider on the move . ' thgre be a uncanny stillness about she . LAURA have to force hersel ? not to react by retreate , when hiather speak , yquita suddenly , she voice be low end control . heather you 'xe sad , you be so sad and thare 's no need to ba . my sister be psychic . LAURA I be sorry ? wendy she seo8 chingseeer LAURA instiotively look at the stare , blue , blind eye . werdy when god. tool she sight src . 40 , wendy ( contd . } he give she a veal socond sight . hsathsr she want you to know , I nave seon she and sha want you to know ... she be happy . LAURA be suddenly trap , appal and a little yrightened , LAURA what ? heath . iosaw you little girl . sitting between you and you husband , she be laugh . yes ! she be wi youe .. with you , my daar anc laugh ! . heather suddenly secus to stare at a point om the wall about three foet from LAURA , there be nothing thers but crack om the tile wall , fut there be a SOUND which grow : the sound of a wind and ahove the sound of the wind , be the SOUND of a child laughingwses happy , content , inner-directed laughter , it rise and swell and echoe emptily avay again and in a moment it be go , LAURA have hear nothing . wendy have hear nothing . but heather be beam at the phantom emptiness . the crone have hear nothing . heather she 's wear @ little blue dress . with a paisley pattern , LAURA ( gasp ) christine ! heanicr oh gut shet lnugh , laugh . happy as can he , launa 's eye water like twin wing , quite suddenly and without any cry reaction . ir just stream , wendy draw she sister wack a pie . wendy be stiil Heather . let she sit , down a while . wendy fuss in she handbag and produce a handkerchief which she offer LAURA , heathen be she ... be christine .... dead ? LAURA neds and whisper " yes " . hy sigh . heatyer ' yes ... think so .. , but sho want you to imow , to know that she be happy . not to grieve any longer . heoke back ab tne pty grace af the wakl , rut there ia nothing thara , . put out a hand to comfort LAURA , hlatiiir LAURA dab at she eye , try to regain control , try to understand what 's happen , LAURA who be you ? ' iho be you ? cuut to : 10 . ext , toncyllo restaimad day . JOHN watch cs the waiter arrivo with a ice- bucket and a half - magnunm of asti spuwante . JOHN gesture though ice=bucket to be put directly in front of LAURA 's place , then he take the small vase of rose and put thom in the ice~bucket . tt 's a Zittle surprisa gift , | q 1 1 i BK ie bap . pon the vwaittir bow and retront , joun leok vaward tha lavatory door in faint irritation , it 's take a jioug time . the ice in tha ice~bucket glistan , . 11 . int . vonen be room . day . the crond be now intarested in the strange trio and + watch without embarressment , LAURA be stand with she back axainat the tile wail , she eye halt close and the pallor cf illness on she face . wendy be administex smell sait kindly , hcather 's hand mova gently aver laupa ' ts faco , heathor oh youtfre very like hor , not forehead , +e. the eye sssee wendy be that better ? she remove the smell salt , LAURA nod slowly , h@asler walk across to the cron and now produce a cain which she hold up . trathor be this too much ? wendy poer ubnny that 's all right . heather xocantt teil with this foreign money the two stster start to leave , LAURA ramain stand against though wall wondy well - goodby Mrs ... hrs ..-? LAURA baxter , lew raster . 12. _ the waiter came up and hover questianingly . hoove and pra 13 . ae teuxps she head ana loois at the '' 3 , she voieo 3¢0 almost disinterested , yet seek strangely rey confirmation , LAURA you veally see she ? heather stare beck in a long peuse befere replying , arory rs ) she be ae or wat tewe . the aab value of kev meaning the ablang delibevstet hei tren ext . torcsllo rst : ar , day . 7 the ice in the deecbucket have turn to water and the rose float laimply om though surfaco . @imo have pass and JOHN be now really agitate , tie haif rise from he chair , but sink back as hs seo the two washroom ; pay the bill at the desk , and walk out of the restaurant . restaurant to LAURA whe have just come out of the washroom door , she pause by the door , gather strength perhaps . dut she face ig a mask , thon she set out across the reon , she sit at the % ble without sea the gift in tha ice - bucket . JOHN they be weman after all , vight ? LAURA what ? JOHN you Australian schoolwmistress , they just leave . joun realise there be somothing quite ditfexeut abaut he wifo , . JOHN ( conta ) be you ail vight ? I buy you 4 a pregout . , some 4 . iy | | | [ pewewe woe eed 23 . 24 , 1é to stand up . lauia tohave to stand up ... johnece John ! the sound of wind howling aud a child 's yveico laugh , laugh . vudld to a crescendo as LAURA stagger and start to fall . JOHN lunge across the tuble to catch hor as si6 do so . the SOUND stop ubruptiy . LAURA be sprawle unconscious on the flioor of the restaurant , lo . day . a small cluster cf dncurious and curious & wateh as launa be carry on a stretcher inte the wait ambulance boat . the white anc red plastic of the ambulance boat 's cover be like a stain on the veauty of tha scene , joum ds let : to gut the boat tie the amulanee boat pull out , a strange highspitch vhine that be its siren bieat out across fli water as tha baat spacd towards venico , lol . exp . 3 cs boar. pay. LAURA 's face be ashen grey . jon sit on on sido of har , touch she face with he hand . on the other side of she sit the ambulance ondesly in a white coat , he have one hand on LAURA be pulse , though other holde he watch . his head be bant down in conecsntration , JOHN watchas , intently , finally the orderly slip . the watch back in he rocket and lower waura 's houd hack to she side , with he head stihl bow though of tmly take off he glass , put they in | top pecket , rub he eya and look up . be eve ara pale and rhouny . jon stort at the fractional moment of cioja vu . 4a orderly Il polso non e forte . JOHN look up , suddenly fearful . JOHN what ? the orderly touch he heart . orderly Il polso , but JOHN coe not understand , the orderly shake he head , | not worth the effort . the ever- present wall of non-communicaticn : ' ae { | t 16 , int . hotelpal wat with int . J bench run along the wall , joun sit with one or two other wait . the sudden silenco be a strong contrast to the roar of the boat engine . rapid footstep from the corride outside . 4 dozen head look up expectantly , Tho door open and 2 nurse look in . nurse signor baxter ? joun gat to he foot , stubbing out he sigaretta . int , hospital mard , pay . as the nurse hold the door open for he to go in , joun stare about the ward in surprise , aml tue bed la cai see aro oer , bs cheld . laughter aad chatter and uoise of they gume diss away as joun walk down the ceatre of the ward towards the only bed with sereon round it . by the time they reach it , though ward be in silence , tne ciild in the next have stare at . JOHN with inuge unblink eye . the nurse give a smile of enccuragenent and pull one of the screan to ono side so that JOHN can enter . LAURA be lie on she back , but be awake . shoe site when JOHN ceme ine LAURA there 's nothing but child out there . joln T know , he hospital vas the neare e lauiul i have be listen to then , | she he sne ies dace inn oe a evrae to a tare iin iinet ttn to a ae na af 16 , there is 0 bee parce , winpeionndmmmeduptereendmmaeiN tree , ‘sieivemtencrnemnned JOHN take laumat hand gantly , they be very glad to see each other . they do not speak . Hospital noise claitor dn the background , tien ere cs er a ey finally join speak softly . . jon how be you fesling , sim ? LAURA seem to be cansider she ansyver carefully , as if she have to estimate ner condition before reportis LAURA wonderful , just fine , I fecl just wonderful , jorx patently disbelieve she , joun fi talk with the doctor . he say yeu just . , .. , collapse , LAURA tonnere she take he hand , hold he attention , LAURA christine .... be still with we . c.u , JOHN hold himsoif in check . ha be prepare for she mind to he confuse , jon no , darling , christine be dead LAURA ( shake she head ) I know , I kmow that , I mean , that twe old sistor , tio reason they keep stariny at we be thoy could se¢ christino , dard she be luush . De JOHN be silent because he eoesntt know what to sey . LAURA the lind one - she 's the one who see ~ evan describe christ ' !s little blue dress , the paisley pattern . joun close he eye to shut it ali out . have veaalg out to he . ya 3 shock , [ do not woman saidesere fem for the first tim in all hhesa wee} dift . I do not need pill , or '' suddenly it 's sympathy , and itm not go crazy . she be radiant with sincerity and happiness . there be no deny the speed or efficacy of she recovery , JOHN I know you be not . I @id not say you be , . price , a 17 . B 0 ee hn , con lut . 4 a. lagta no , yut you be vesring the same face you wear fer crary garay cold aunt saily . jonn grin suddenly . jou and t'12 put it on asain for thoso seey ota sister if I soe they , ° sere see soit he ee ren , cle , be . there be n calm intensity to she word . lau the whole thing 's over , John . and J feel ruch better . taentt that something to be glad for ? joun look aft hor , flash shot ? LAURA hold thea dead child by the 2 she be grey and shattered , JOHN 's face melt in a smile of real rolio ?. jouin scmethe to be very glec for . they look at each other for a moment , ' then LAURA throw herself into he arm , she be radiant . ext . grand canal , day . that special pink light of evening be start ¢0 paint the tep of the building . tne water be darker with the set sun . the light strung across though resteurant be on , put not yet coupete with though set sun . tne usual chugyin , gliding , thwap , churfing of the differe:t loat ft the alr . eo et mf a vaporettu . jchm and LAURA sit in the open part of the vaporetto , JOHN be watch she carefully . LAURA ee reese sper ear ert et aon a ee I faint . people de it all the time . : jou fu. , LAURA I be fine . to prove it , she got up and double round the tiny deci , cc by lag be dike a windmill , he other passenger ; stare at hor as if she be insane , 7 , , : JOHN oh al ) right sit down , I vpelieve you . . ' she sit down heside he and kiss hint om the cheek , he can not resist smile . . jonn just be careful who you go to the gan ae with in future , LAURA I will . JOHN turn to see whore they ara . joen look , towanted you to soe thatasere j | i | attest a i 18 . 20 , Te Te das he point to a beautifully restore palazso , its colour glisten , the marble cohumne gleam , as 1 % they have '' pole be paint in bean put up yesterday , ' ie moo briliiant goid and hlue . tt stand in stark contrast to the building on ogither side , . * jonny there , you seo it can be donc , Mike leverett do that with a grant fron the ferd Foundation , thers be a pause , LAURA John ~ can we go into St. mark ? JOHN what for ? you have see it , LAURA I want to say a praver , you hoathen bastard , he it be obviously au 018 avrguinent . JOHN what 's the matter with here ? you aiway say God be everywiiere . LAURA this 1s not a consecrate motor boat . she sit back in triumph , ome acg | ee x 20a int . ST. mark C : oral . day . it be a quiet , cool and dark place , but the bright sunlight cutside throw patch of vivid colour from though stain glass window onto the mosaic which cover much of the wall . : JOHN stand baside a mosaic study it with intent professional interest . with the back of a pen he tar ak one at one of the coloured mosaic stone , in a in eshte jase inp inn ian a no a a ll et ns eee elm a ms amend iins@a7 . zor ood ext . back STREET , venice . day . ° JOHN and LAURA turn a corner to find the little street be roped eff , Three uniform police stand on duty outside a dingy house half way down the street . < a smail cluster of onlooker stand by the rope where another policemax be on duty . two police boat ride at the moor where a narrow canal abut the street at the far end . Forensic expert be dusting door and windew with fingerprint powder . jchn now what . they look at tha scene and approach the folicehan slowly . the policeman wave he hand indicate ' no entrv .! JOHN what 's the matter ? the policeman utter a few word in italian which mean nothing to JOHN or LAURA , but the policeman be not go to amplify for any foreigner . i jra logic at the cluster of onlooker . LAURA what do he say ? old man cle. state wo homicicio abnete :. *n guella casa la , LAURA ogesture a kile ? homicidi ? the old man nod and look back at the scene of the erime . two child be copying laurat extravagant miming of murder and they laugh together , _{ soun take she arm and they retreat back the way thoy come . JOHN homicidis we can get in New York . come on , { ] LAURA make a face and they walk on reund the corner . ios 4 k cort ev th. 20 sa eee mane coer rarr mee ween fee dac . or rds have pounce and jo sheepishly t LAURA be stand in th rcle his peneid and move on , middle of ge nave 's axing up at the cupola , her face be calu and radiant as she look at the beauty surround she . she be smile in sheer delight . jom rejoin she and they move on slowly . jorn I just get arrest in tha course of my duty . LAURA smile , LAURA I think you be restore San Gregoria , this be St , Marco , in case you have not notice , JOHN see one medieval mosaic and you have see tem all , they stop at a little aide chapel partition off from the main body of the church by ex ite gritiework in iron , there be nat many tourist in this side chapel , only one or two italian womon at prayer , one be lighting @ votive candie to the virgin . LAURA read though sign pin to the entrance of the side chapel : '' this chape be reserve for thos who want to pray . " tt ls in two other language besides . LAURA . avful , be not 4t . when they have to put up a reserve for prayer sign like that , ' what do they think the rest of a church be fort ? JOHN bar the entrance to she , joun Excuse I , madam , but de you have &@ reservation ? | 3 i con co inate nian cieiinldiceiaeiti eile col i iit chee . d no he tm a cn a ah ade i ee meat ase LAURA several , sho go post he , turn to speak as sie epi ' the chapel . LAURA give I some change , jor . ex think God vas mean to ba free , LAURA cheap , maybe ~ but fre he 's net , it 's for a candle , JOHN sigh , digging into he pocket and prodiuce a handful of small bill and change . LAURA tale the coin , LAURA ' I be go to light a candle for har , no = I be go to light seven , she start towards the votive candle , JOHN lean against the grijllevork , watch ber , LAURA be absorben in lighting she candle . she light one for every year of tha child 's life : seven iu ail , behind JOHN , as he watch , a party of touri be buing usherad round by a guide , he stop behind jow ! at the chapel , guide eee es gqrillework dasignue by alfredo pagnini and install at the height of the republic ain 1551 . note tha flower woven into the motif . ail ara emblem of famous fanily , who probably contributod to tha costerre ' 4 | 19 . 20 . the camdra be very wight cit youn , attan rete on LAURA in front of he . as the guio start tu move away i offscreen joun turn to look , we rocail in shock , } heathdr 's face be inehe from he , stare with sightiess ' eye through the grillework , she hand move over tha - ) tracery like a spider patrol ite wob , JOHN draw back , look about for wanny . he see she , look for she sister , about twonty - five ' yarde away cown the nave . ' } JOHN drop down into a hassock and bury he head in i prayer , . '' behind he can be hear y 's footstep , a mutbere 's conversation in roll seot accent and then silence , ) sohn keep he eye tight shue . a ostrich . a hand touch he . tt be LAURA , smile , t liypocx he stare up into she face , look back over he shoulder , the sist2 rs have go , joun look back up at LAURA and blink , ext , piazh '' tmarco , day . the passeggiata be in full swing . under though colonnade aud around the square people be strolling , meeting , grestiug and move . cahera Z00 ms in to JOHN and LAURA who como run out of ta be St. mark , jowun 's face be black as thunder . LA laugh helplessly , cur to ; xt , vaporttco layieng ST . JOHN brushes aside tite official and leap avoamd closely follow by LAURA as the vavoretto vull out i i + 3 1 } 4 2 ete aden JOHN look at he watch again . jg we wovlda'lt evon ka in Venice af it be not for this job ..... and I forget he ! LAURA darling - he need you nore than you need he , he will wait . JOHN so much you know . there be at least two people in the world who could do the restoration as well as moo. lie pace up and down . JOHN . thay be . none be as chean , mmm , fa pace some mora , jon and leverett and I be the only one who supervise the sub-contracting . he pace sonia mote , JOHN and leverett 's in hospital with a stroke , he be grin . jwaura raise he arm above he head , JOHN scowl , LAURA the winner , JOHN I be still late ~ a hour inte ~ and that 's rude . look = vou restore church , right ? tell iin you be praying , keeping the managenent happy with a little brown - nose be good susiness practice . JOHN grin at hor , joh he would never believe mar , as JOHN and LAURA step towards th , i ' i scuttling acr i ' i { one sell pgfnaut , wh so @hat she skce be ipfel with , LAURA nit the® money par : ticle eye , y a sraight ° hers ? LAURA , of a '' xe '' 4 a light ' tse girl 4 coun leox bary my havi 25 '' nough # * 4t a Boy . phan LAURA give ale une : the soin ae nedtatgdy the girl whoeep nero '' seta : ext . landing stage by 5 a gregcrto . day . as joen and LAURA leap off tne vaporetto and start up the step , towards the church , three little urchins come senttling around they , one selis cheap dark glass , bne sell pennant and one sell nothing at all , but he smile a lot , LAURA ( to JOHN ) bluff it out , apologize for bei a few minute eurly . a yorrman 1s lock the main door of tue church as they reach it . the wormman put the key inta he tunic and start away , turn to watch dumbly as LAURA and joun try the door the confine it be lock , , JOHN ' therets a side door , they start to move round the wall of the church , I have get a legitimate excuse for be late . ° 1 aoa henly wad vei LAURA no , John , with batch la he look at hor , puzzle . LAURA I dontt want he to know , jorn why the hell not ? LAURA I just do not . a voice call ovt and they look to the square at the side of the church , stride across be a tall , thin priost . we be Count alberto russc - or , indeed , Father alberto russo - and he as abeut forty , bleak dark eye and the patrician sneer of he class have not be dull by he vocation . LAURA hold out she hand and alsento bow over it perfunctorily as they meet in the middle of the squar . o™ . * i i ? i 4 i 4 ! : i ay as xerzaie LAURA alberto , I be so sorry . it be ail my fault . the other thing alberto aqid not get with he vocation be the virtue of patience . he be iragcible and make no attempt to conceal it . alberto well it ie all too late new , the church be close , JOHN I feel terrible , alberto , please accept my apology . '' e« alberto . you apology be not need , ye want only you opinion , alberto look at he watch . vell , tomarrow then . yeu wi}2 have to ¢come back tomorrow , I be afraid zt must depart now = a dinner =— hava you a boat ? alberto be walk towards the lend stage . JOHN and LAURA almost have to run to keep up with he , JOHN weti\} take the vaporetto back , by the way I have the samplo of mastic you send I analyse , tt 's really just ea primitive cement with some china clay add , I think this may be you problem , the acidity in it air be break down the structure which in turn lead to lass of adhosion , they stumblo onto the landing stage as alberto turn rourid quite abruptiy . alberto what time would be convenient to you tomorrow ? emt a ee nena oe se eee och se thee ele cha hae cee eam ete 4 JOHN and LAURA exchange a fast glance ag alsertc turn to sumzon he private launch , JOHN make a face : ' sonofabitch 's and . LAURA make a face : ' gscrew he , ' i JOHN well I have not realize the cupola be window on the East and West side , alberto giance up at the church 's dome to confirm this . what I would realiy like be to examine the mosaic when the first light be strike _ at at , nige angle . that way you can spot irregularity without use a lateral 1 theodolite . : alberto what time , then ? JOHN pause , JOHN six a.m , I guess not later than 6.15 . ae &lberto turas uw suade darker , : I be sorry , but if the vishop really want . . ' alberto shrug as if the matter be of no consequence . alberto very well . six a.m , ne shake hand briefly with LAURA , nod to JOHN and step onto he boat , js taura and JOHN stand on the landing stage and wave gvodbye , thair wave be give the briefest acknowledgement , LAURA ( force smile , still ) ; now there 's a man who do not go to the vatican charm school . JOHN wow ! LAURA : I think he be a friend , JOHN well at least I get the sonofabitch up at dawn tomorrow , i 3 the landing stage . LAURA ( smile ) that be a goodie . but do not they all get up at five and say mass or semething ? xxziohn alberto say mass when he feel like it . which be about every third thursday ix March , in a leap year . LAURA wonder why he become a priest , jon probabiy a old family tradition , nanded down from father to son . LAURA laugh and they step forward as the vaporette pulis in at " Bu 8 with live and fd mage or ometiciatg . cy to tekl coilarysyoulcs ! oith / be the ake , doo '' cl m they , LAURA roaffirm herself to JOHN with a warm kiss , wae : 24 , int . thprcon . day . fovagd wf yom tng watey fon bar beeve on '' LAURA be Tho shrugging cut of she dress and jomn be try to spongo some horror from he suit jacket , LAURA leave it , darling . t'11 do it in the morning . he throw it down , smile . jonn 1 all right . shower or bath ? i ' i 4 i 1 i i 255 + contd , . 's laur ! shover , JOHN | ' toss you for it , hie take a coin from he trouser pocket and spin . joun call . LAURA tail , . he look at the coin , it be head , joun tail it be . she come up to he and put she arm round he nsck . LAURA tnat be a lovely day . joh ' '' still be . . Painting the town , remember ? LAURA I fgust vant you to jnowe ( pause ) still get you paint brush ? " shio go away fron he and gee into the bathroom . ue watch she smile . in a instant , there be the sound of a shower curtain peing draw , the sound of she hum come to he , as he pick up a towet trom the bed and follow she , int . bathroom , day . avd LA lavoe ave my the bath tog esthew + JOHN seesiveraitoceesienenass 5 ake aeesia . | they volce do not bloni that well , but they be have a lovely timo on some old time melody . there be a knocis on the bedroom door , they stop sing . LAURA whe the heli ' 's that ? T another hneck , LAURA ylsow , tt 's the gorcamaed martinis . yerueiocormeitcs you go , fhe showor be turn off , silence . jot . he must have a key , for cheeet reim saikc . {he calla} come in ! i 3 4 mother knock , jom come in ! 4nd another . a , ' JOHN a0 holl . I get out of the bath , ' and head for the door , 26 , int . esdrocm . day . ' johor cuastas phe badvoam tomaed the doov where have at , weebe hawa ; but the deay egen oetere he get the vk and j protty waid enter with the martinis . ; . JOHN blanches¢ quab at a lead spvemc , to comerale he wi dwese . q the asd omm put they down om the tavle revceei teenie i a tip . epee yetesily she be svape gxx | JOHN + ume es one ee ie go to he trousers and hunt for change . he find some as laura' voice come from the bathroom . LAURA ( 0,8 . ) what 's go en ? ' JOHN : . it 's all right , it 's justec .. I hand though matd a couple of coin as LAURA emevge . sine ls ) ee to contd , ue @ mitvle yoip as she see sohn try tc keep kis ih F dignity and part with he change . : | be . . . Tho maid lob and leave , | rie johy pour the drink . | > LAURA ' she be pretty . she come and put hor arm round he neck , LAURA but not off duty . it 's be a long time . jchn ' have a drink . LAURA : why , ute down , youtre all wet . i ghe take another towel and spraad it on the bed , Ho 1 look at she for a woment , then stretch out on the bed . : sho take a towel ane start drying iim . she dry he eav , he throat , he chest . it be a vory |! sensuous procass , vu she drop she own towel , and lie beside he , iher finger | : run through he hair . he lleok at she . — she kiss he slowly . he slide over on top of she . LAURA welcome home . i Tho martini jug be empty . they lia side by sido , smoking quietiy . join ' we roally ought to give it up . '' stare at hin . LAURA : you be joke . wteetie warn eie a en be melee , atte 4 1 i oh , joln tomean smoking . lara oh. jowr roll ever to face she , jon what do you want to da , bunsry ? Way do not we just eat downstairs end have a early night . seezee . I think you want to paint the tawn . JOHN that be befora you rape mo , LAURA youssce she take the pillow and beat he hare , Ho roll out of bed , hit the floor , joun I 'a sorry , L 'a sorry , he pick up he shirt and start dress . she woll ovar and pick up a guide hook , she thunvs through it , close hew eye aad stay a rogen v thaw lol 1 '' J : ! 7 | q { she pick up another , LAURA atagsnubore ton oh , honey . let 's just gat on sone clothes and walic until we find somewhero . she stigh deeply . '' LAURA wetll get lose . 27 . ext , vortce strie . lght . , they stand under a street lamp , which shed inadequate light on the map over which they pore , LAURA do not shout at I . JOHN itm ust shouting . fut look , watro here , we have just come over that iridme , i $ 4 a i i ' i i it 5 } 5 i i i | 1 i ! ! LAURA it could have be avy of that bridess . Venice be full of they , in case you adult notice , joun but there 's only one graud Canal . and we cross it there . Ho gat outa peneil , . of JOHN look - we ge down this alley , over that bridge , fork down thas alley and will come out at the Church of San Zacaviahe 's LAURA maybe . sane ne vake hey ty the ama . xt . all lgd , it be dark , shadowy , rather unpleasant . LAURA be waik woll ohead of JOHN now and try to take the initiat : they footstep echo . LAURA muttess as she walk , head down . LAURA we be gedamuy well lose . T know lt , JOHN ( from farther tehind ) . vhat ? LAURA you ara lose . joun venico be the size of a postaa stamp . you can not gst iost - a somathine %' bibl ' eee crate eeetenaae case eee toe weadattet en beeunah not ext . ad they waik on , separate by ten yard , cach vaguely angry and anuse by they predicamont . there seem to ha mo one else in the vorld , ' the da se ss be licavy , the house high , cut cut any light from the sky . the canal beside they be dank , treaciy and smelly . ahead of they in the darkmess be a ' tt j on of canal , ' the yoss a little foet — - alleyway can go either way = one way bridge , the other way down a even xarrower darker alley . LAURA stop at the junction and wait for joun to catch up , ' he look cither way , poer fer a sirzet sign or even a decent light under which to stddy he map . LAURA why do not the knock on somebody 's door and ask ? joun ( ignoring ker ) I think I can see St. for down there . look , niet 's she squint into the darkness . LAURA it 's too small for St. mark . JOHN . come up as he step forward down the little alley bis foot come into seggy contact with a cardboard carton of garbage . it be wet and nasty . join oh ch. there 3 a squeak and a scuttle . Three of four rat scuttlo across t alley , they horrible eye glint , one swervo momontarily towards thom , then all four diva into the canal , < a suceossion of littlo plep ag they striko the water , LAURA soream , Ward . jon grasa hes , hela a little rattle ton . -b.ge vaura be move tate om Little ps xt , alleyvay th va joen it 's okay , just some rat , venico be full of they , he grin and hold she tightly againss he shcenlder , JOHN do not tall the mayor '' say so , be LAURA pull away from he , a little vecover , LAURA that 's all I need . rat , she shiver at the spectacle of four rat swit fing avay across the limpid water of the canal . LAURA lead on , Marco polo , they move on down the alleyway together , , cur tc : . prt _ righe joun swirl round at the sound of 2 door open behind they , a woman slop a bucket into the canal , join '' bxeuse nie ! JOHN dash forward , the woman see he , gasp , and slam the door shut before he can get close enough . LAURA shrug at the futile episode and start across the tiny bridge , LAURA like I guess she papdzesyym Harvard nan . LAURA cross to the far side of the canal and study the name plate on the bridge . join be look at the name plate on jiis end 6 for the bridge . LAURA . ocall it 's call tie ponte '' across ) vett . to look , en though join take out he street map and st 22a just beyond the bridea . y } 29 . { arrot suddenly from the first lleer ef ane of the dark house 1 behind jchn come a truly torrify ssream . 35 8 strangle , mute , moment ly ehraill serean of pure terror , it stop guite suddenly , 4 shutter slam ahove J dim light across though alley which run off thse hridg angle , it be completely obscrure the lalra 's view , nut { joun ean sea down its entire dim leretin . he f.o.v . out of a doomyay come a littlis ted breath : come to he im the rasp , terri dut thers be also the SOUND of wind - and a child moan . a eerie cry . . 's wathout glance to the leave or right the Little girl t dash across the alleyway and down a couple ef ster ts & landing stage , with incredible agi y she bound over two boat , loase the bow painter of wd and shove it across the canal to make a bpridze , ait hit the other side , the giuilb seruibles of the darknesa of venico . the SOUND of she footstep echo momentarily acress the can flash shot : the sound of JOHN 's footstep as he run cow to zocn the pathway to the lake . over this sound tie cau violently towards the dead body in tha water . ifis dauchtar ~ and the red plastic that strike a chord of recognition , for the child in Venice be wear red , it be only a fragmentary moment . JOHN bi . thing be cover in a moment . he fold the street map no as if in disbelief at he own eya , the whoalo purposefully and turn to cross the bridge where LAURA be wait , have come back up the ailey . LAURA watch hin intently as hoe joi LAURA be that seream ? JOHN whag ? i 4 1 ard 30 . 31 . 9 . ext. cs LAURA io hear a scraam , JOHN oh it be just ... just a old drunk , the incident be banish , LAURA gesture to the niasza beyond , LAURA I think I 'va find though real world again . looke they join hand and stride ava ; from the bridge towards the piazza , . down a right hand turn , the bright iisht of a square shine towards they beckoningly , they both with a single step head for it . exd . souare . nighl , they arrivo and he throw he amn wide 15 jc voila ! San Zacceria , LAURA by the scenic route . she give a elavorate sight , ue grin . the light , tne people be wash out the memory already . . joiln come on . ft think I be go to get bomb tonight . this lock . okay , they move to a restaurant . int . F ' aus '' night , it be gay , nearly full , candle , coloured light , hubbub , perhaps a guitar . they come in and gasp with the heat . LAURA vow , that 's better , '' they sit down , int , a waiter come up , bow , hustling .~- JOHN por two . and stich close . iowant to order a drink . the walts2 smile and guide they to a table , produce two huge menus as if by magic . JOHN two very lasso canupari seda , LAURA I can have garlic now , she grin . , . jon what 's that mean ? , LAURA - well , you be never mach more than a oncte~a - dey man , jcm ac highty oe : ae : jon pieasa . he look around , but no one have hear , LAURA leans across to hia , LAURA kiss I and I will keep lit secrot , JOHN laugh . JOHN . kiss I and I 'iz disprove you in public . LAURA that could be fun , joun no waye they both take stock of though restaurant . 42 . int . rostaurant for , joun , what 's this place callod anyvay ? LAURA look at the menu and siiart to laugh , she giggle and laugh , baroly able to contain herself . jonn picka ' up . the menu and ioal :s , , LAURA the sagredo ! jobnn toss he menu down with a ' well I will be damned ! shrug 5 . the waiter arrive with they drink . JOHN heid he caupas i up and look at she through the bubbles of soda , : Sony 4 here 's to use } he drink without wait for LAURA to join he . his eye '' i stray to the doorway of the restaurant . he p.0.¥ . the two sister have just enter , they fuss with remove they jacket and be show sedately hbotwee the t 's to a cerner snot some five tasle avay from JOHN and LAURA be . JOHN 's face tighten . LAURA she must be very beautiful , JOHN ~ what ? | LAURA whoever come in , ' y2 - tep -nmme i aoinmcemnmacae , a irionde I i suppose . ; , : jorn force himself to relax , jchn i no , no , a brunette . ' LAURA ' can T lock . '' scun ( a larin } not yote bat lo gaat mrp atsibagal as op not aibe nahe i { 4 : { i i tht . . LAURA be not really that aud the menu , LAURA this place be exnensive . joh you may remember , thoss be the grounds on which we reject at two hour ago , _ LAURA . I could eat a horse . she look up at he and siuile . LAURA sex always make I hungry . do you remember when we werdseess she see ' that jonn 'ts oye be still uron the corner table . lagra jonese he dook back at she apolaseticaully . LAURA cecide wi a gemo . , LAURA I be go to give she the jealous wife stare , wetel this . LAURA draw herself up and turn to sive a freeze jook across the restaurant . laumat faco change from # moment of freazen llauteur to amasenent , to delight and nerplexity . her p.0o.v , Tho sesten ing round tie restaurant , paura turn she back on they swittiy , vndecide huw to reacy , LAURA it 's they ! there wosy jer ymodse resinvedly . vatel now laurat hohe composure alter . on int . hegic . contd , | LAURA 4 on ifva get to go and nave a word with they , she turn round and wave towards they , j ' the sighted sistor , wendy , see she and wave back , then i turn to hsathudr and whisper sametihw . the great sishtinss i . biue eye coma up and } ro wave wacantly vovard she , i LAURA halfwstand in she seat . i LAURA : towontt be long , derling . : jou 4 i } j listen , Laura , they be go { to drag you into something . i that old people have 2 way of pull you into they neteesee waile wait , he redacy out and downs laurvat dyink in onm galp . cur to : } 4 ' } i i : i i | as , ve rdg . contd . c.u , a gnarled old hand clutching it be nsathir ol ooth young hance . mucins the hy uta at the rostaurant to . work she happiness through the gnarled bone of she old finger . wsather I remember she haiv , Light heir and silky soft , she toss it ag 6he laughed , '' LAURA nod faintly at tha remember gasturo , do she die suddenly , the question jolt LAURA out of har recollectian . verdy Heather , youtve no right the , LAURA no , that 's all right . wendy subsidea , she be drown . John hadseves we have let they play ijn the water .. , , tragic , utterly tragic for you ir , baxter . LAURA tit strange , you know . John . seem to get of , .... warning , bs dt war as yp k know something be som . re ras down to the lake , fut it be too latow . eas rbather 1s smile . heansher yos . of course , of course , ho have though qigt , that 's why the la be try to talk to hime rust ~ ! heatarr : recause - when I see yeur little ! : daughter - between you ~ it be ' you huskand she be laugh and talk to . LAURA and not mo ? beativir shake she head . : heater he have the gift . even af he do not know it . sven if he be ~ '' . ' resisting it . , heather sense LAURA 's disappointment - almost jealousy , of JOHN , ie@ can see the daughter the :r have jost , she cannot , hoathir ' oh child - itt a cuz as well as a vift , there be a pause while hyathert hand : ream the table for : she wine . i egmaanan ly fad yy ; it come and go you seo , j LAURA nod . 1 LAURA you do not ... you can tt eweree contact . psople can yeu ? hsasoor ( sharply ) now windy wo 'ro often as ade Shots really quite sanous xeon elgin . ' LAURA reach over and half hug wsn heatis they #il want a lot of mumbo - jumbo with ectoplasm and holding hand , second sight be a gift from the good Lord whe see all thing . I consider it a impertinence to cail he creature back from reat for we ontertainnent , LAURA it would not be for my entartainmont . wendy fuss , wrather think , wendy why not come back for coffoat after you have finish . just for @ Little wile , LAURA ch thank you , msather ioumake no promise , cndy . jon have line up five eampari glass in front of he vaitsr daliver two more . the wattir also remove he empty food plate and give a look at LAURA as she take in the import of the scen and sit down . JOHN itva heen drink you drink ag wali as mine . LAURA good , do it help ? | wince eaneamet tet ger 4b , restauran iet . do the word B they use tere ‘he seon not too leasoed , ' thay mean petulant ] child , the tadic ohn jchn put he drink on my . well , I 'we eat , I be ready LAURA but I hfive not , jolim here to eat . vhat with you e no time deave sow the scampi well what do you expect I to do ? sit hpre srin whike I wateh to Old pathetic crank pull you into neurotic half - macd world of j- jumbo , LAURA smile faintdy . lausa she @isarprove of munbo7funho too , theyfused the very word . relent a little . he sit back . LAURA sort scem to have giw lie signal the wolgt past soda . | ' j i 3 $ sarah dare rosvmmuraus , jor veli , what the nane of or do thoy lau they be just J heon havpy . joun ' whne 's will ? LAURA oh johnecee joun I like nothing better than a wife whol wae depression be bring to a state of by two starganer . aay man would be hay the vaiter put down the drink and LAURA sip at it t isirstily , LAURA I faint from shock , all right , but after that - be this afternoon orem madme ss ? Ho sey nething . lauka do IL act like a depressive ? he say nothing . LAURA I imow it be crac dard ven noctor jane say a nervous brey possible , jute that 's ail over . you see with you look at not dead . she 4 i ! q : j 4 i '' bee LAURA ( contd . } any more . my daughter be go , the child I love more than myself be dead , you see ? T fan say that and comprehend it ... and stili not be upset by ite sho pause , the have ght of hex evidence be overvaeline . LAURA johnn-darling ~ that old cronss as you call they have do nothing , but X be whole again , they deserve you thanks , if you care aucut I at all . there be a long silence JOHN push the menu across to here , : joun T could eat another plate of seampi if youtd like semething , LAURA watch he a moment , then crop she head to the menu in confusion , to cever hor tear , and in gratitud . join touch she hair briefly and smile . . ' cur 7 : tight . ext , puazza san zacarta , outside restaurant . it have '' start to rain , < a fine drigzio haa give a silver sheen to the square . but the light be bright and people hurry lieve end there . the rain give a mystic quality heighten the buiiding , mak ug they gomehew unreal , JOHN turn up he coat coller and gaze about , wait for LAURA to como out of tha restaurant . she join he , but as he start off in ’one direction ll : il tug at he sleave to go in another direction . jomn leok . baffle . liwuia ( exis threurh : the rain ) cot eat JOHN turn , wu at she . a sfabza SAM 4 acarta utss join what ? latra caffe . , walre invite the hove coffice . ' joun pull she into a do tay ous of the rain LAURA look awkward and enharrass a little girt whe have to own up to break ¢he ch : Laura the sister . they want to mect _ you . I say we would ge for coffee ... we do not have to star long . tor starc at she in amazoment , : jorn altornatively , we dantt have to go at all , LAURA I would like to , as she speak , she step out of the docrvay into the rain again . JOHN hesitates a mement . and in that moment a sudden bunch of street urciiin cor surround she , aid hold up a tatter wnbrella tie to a lhamboo pole , they be laug ! ave cajele she , hold out they hand for money and pinching she backside . JOHN wade in to intervene and tie joun move ! iley - get out of urciiin mun'tre lira unmbrotia , relent monomber no ge ' wet , ' paurat head be down and purnese toll Laura , you have of a let today & i 4 3 : i d i 1 j bx . LAURA tt 's not far , John . ye neod not stay long . he be walk beside she now , jchn it 's raininger . ladra they offer you a umbrella , on hearing th ? vord the urchins surge forward again , urchies umbrelle ? Si sigmorina ! hun'tre lira , please , join funfyy in he pocket and find a coin , he fling 4 deliberately as far away as possitle . some of the urcliy S @ash away to find it ; Hut the umbreila urchin remain with thea do : dly , LAURA ds peer at a piece of paper in she hand , then ghe look up at a street siga and . turn the cornar , LAURA John «= darling ~ please . I be go to sec they because they say they wight bry and reach ed uxt . tlazza san zag i joim now leap forvard and grab hex spin she round , j syen the uribrotla urcntin look fearful at the sudden fury : in nis faca . } jonny ; ' for civist 's sake ! half a dozen } word with they send you to : hospital . can youim t : two hour will dot i : now LAURA be angry too . sho breat away from hin and start : to run , the urchzn yun with she , the umbrelia vave uneasily , jchn stand watch until finally LAURA Los : up at a penzion hotel aud run inte the shelter cf its : doorway . ' she stand there look beck miseravly . jojin to walk slowly towards she . ps 33 . ay of pescton , ce phe urcmen hold out doorway , jo '' doorway . sg wornen ely usfexesy what ? , youtve the one who say let though child swiw by thems¢lvos arealt you ? yeulra tha ove who tolic the : youtd give you liste axciwiuye for hers . '' valle .. , it too late with eo7 LAURA ( conte , ) for that . fut at least she 's try to get in touch with you , mayhe to forgive . join 's fury suddenly turn cold , tom you be not head for coffee with thoso two , you be head for a nervous breakdown ! a ecuple of crazy woman try to maka a she crazy woman , well - they can lieve they victin . with a stifle sob , LAURA turas and run inte the pension , x JOHN march out of the doorway once move , into rain , ed : ey > '' eae 34 . . 1 ny 7 tit ~ ; joun storm off down the sircet , fhe urchin follow , i . serambling to offer tha sheiter of he pathetic umbrella , fhe rain engulf they 1 ooh . 35 '' it , ghd . LAURA be sobbing , try to control lherseli , bus still sobbing while huzaner comfort she with a motherly arn . wendy pour a tot of whisky from a old fashioned travel flask , she put it in front of LAURA 'ts nose and LAURA gradually control herself , wendy now you just drink that straight back . Scotland 's finest , alt whisky , no cheap aleohol aid , gust the pure grain of malt distiile into highdand whisky . > ' - LAURA my a ws int . 5 at oe LAURA nod . tut naathir cant t heath do yout LAURA ' yos , ' eeatusr yes , LAURA sip again , heat you nodd the first time , ier you ? hsatust - it 's easy to forge LAURA luok slowly reund at i there be tear stream from the sightisss blue sye . LAURA ee eh ds eed est sermmncnactinaeet die to wendy tut-tut in the background , wedy she 's a regular tap . she can i a turn the waterwork on ox off at the drep of a hat , solf - pity , that 's all it be . weather wipe she oye . isather 5 3 i j i i i ; hy emotion be stir by this child 's condition . self -pity have othing whatever to do with it , ry indy replenishes LAURA 's glass . heathur hold ont she own anpty glass on hearing the sound of pour . y¥ ( to LAURA ) this be the induewrent the she emotional cond she pour a tot , t : i i t q | 4 i t 4 t g | 7 i i ! i 36 . 56 . isu uotre meo. ni 2° : heather T dantt évan like the stuff , ' dut she drink it as if she do , CUT to : t in long shot all that can lhe seeu ' move over a diatant ' bridge be the brightly coloured umbrveila , ‘he rain stili enusiiroud the city . jo } ais walk slover now , he ango > ' subside . quite suddenly he stop in he track . the urchin have to dash back two pace to keep he cover jgun stare down into the boy' eye , the urc back , puscle . jor iomuist be absokutely out of my hene . urck signor ? jsoun leave she with that ... joun stare inte the darknesa frem whence he have come , then 4 he jook down at the boy again , ife reach in he pocket ane pulis out three note , Ho start to take one of f- and thon give all three to the boy in a sudden gesture of compassion . not wait to 2a thank JOHN dash back on he footstep , across the bridge , back towards the pension the urchin dook at tha vast amount of money in he hand , then he make a gesture wh ch be international ane mean simply ' you must be off you head ' . that ic the extent of F he gratitude , ricipd rgreat rpe for saar N ett oh arnt Net rt aa sie rate ing it 8 39 . 40 , kt ~~ phat . he what JOHN stare up at the shutter window . jien he step into the doorway and pushas tentatively at the front decor , it epen inwards with a groan . JOHN anter quickly , hallyay , sister ! pel . night . ° 4 there be a gmalj dosk with a light on , which serve for placa . reception , put there 4s not @ soul in be a dell whivh JOHN thump . nothing . he thump 3 . still saothing . ha gous behind the des ' : and opar the guest book , rusan he finger down the last . there be no room numter then . < anyway , he realise he doesntt know they nine , he close the pook again , and try the beli once move , nothing . with great hesitancy , he maite he way to the bottom of ths stair and start the climb . ext . mosse comuencr , the corridor be dimly light and the houso be in absolute silence . ' the throadbar carpet muffle jonn 's footfalis . he reach the farst doos and stop . ife be alent to then realise the time , glance at bis watch . ft no on the wrous de Little lata to go knock ne bend down , tey to look ja the keyiole , @ wirongh . , so he tey to tiséen , type you can i i 4a , jor . eghe . contd , a man 's voice from the inside giggle . '' irong room , le gcs wo listen . . suddenly the door next aleng the corridor burst open and a darge mail appear from the bathroom wear a drass gown , uchn streighten and fumble with he tie , move away , the han comss to the door at which he have just beea list tale aut a key and let himsolf in , fut he do y't cloce vith varrow he just stand thera , stare at J suspicious eye . joun smile and nod , ' then move off cowa the corridor , he stop and look when he get about ten yard further o. back , Tho man be still stare at hin . JOHN take a few pace more ard discover that there be nowhere for hin to go , dut back past tiie man , the m4 tuek nis ead beck into the reow and there be a muttere consultation in italian and a even bigger han appear in pyjamas . JOHN reach the top of the stair when a powerful voice call out behind hin , yvorc hey ! a aitet alte-la!t ladro JOHN pause and look back . join I ... L be leok for someone , . '' start : down the stair after hin . ney '' uy the two large 3 mean business , JOHN take the better part of valor and dash out tle door , 1 HOTEL . ext , ou joun duck into a alleyway , hen stand for a monant J en the step , then go back into tha pension . JOHN leek avout , oppyesite thea deor of the pension be all var , still opdire yea haad for Lt. only a few custonor leave , joun order a drink and sit wuere he can see the door of the ponsion . 43. ent , sister wor . room , the atmosphere be electric . vmaathiir be in a kind of trance , her knuckle be white , grip the chair , she breath come im short aoaan , hew whole body tremtle violentiy . LAURA sit ea the floor in a half -lmecle position . hor sye close for second 's at a tine as 1 for praying . wut when open she watch though old woman like a hawl : . wi she sister , mdy sit , alert and watchful in a straight chair near healer eee-john..eit be John ! LAURA seam to stop-hbreath , ' tulathsr olah , . ohh . eveSeae yes . es vosere ! it as lite a climax . with a deop convulsive shuider the moan stop and hialier gradually return to hex composure , there be a long , long silence , finally # ather get out of she chair and start to cross the room roward launa . heathss Laura ? LAURA I be here , heather crosc until she fumble hand toush laumuit outstretch finger , heation take LAURA 's aris in a strong grip , her pale stare oye ave rimine with the lagra whater . she say ? 6a , heather suddenly , convulsive LAURA to she basom , 's LAURA be overwhol by the suddon and frightening strength ef this strange woman , ' , LAURA kh , | ext . puss : sohn loak out through the mist '' sistins | hopsl . nig 45s of the bar window , he see LAURA emerge from the hotel , hs run out . LAURA stop as she see jo : come across the streat , joun stapa a few yard from she , Tien LAURA run to hiin , fall into he arm . relief , union , forgiveness , they ss . JOHN touch 25s , lau draw back , look } he wife with awed tender into he face , and smile , CUT tc : we , erp well ect 2 they both stand at the ond of the bed in the darkness . they be engage in a privato ritual , first jo } renove a article of LAURA 's clothing . ' then sho remove a article of he . the game be sensual and simple . the filter moonlight through the open window give they skin a slow of warmth . it be still raining : outside , they talk softly , without emphasis of any kind in they voice ; they sentence tail off as if constrict by saxual anticipaticn . joun I get very scared for you , LAURA ZIowas all right . jou I be overdrunk . LAURA overdrunk ? too nich . pause , mere need , a en et erat ede li ein 61 . py tut hot . mop ; LAURA narling , the blind one - neather - the on who 's psychice .. she go into a trance ? whilos be there , try to concewtrate , ° lagra John , try to listen to I , jon I be concentrate , LAURA she say you lite be in - danger . here in yenice . John 's life , John 's not baa vod orl jchn 'ts alcohol - scake brain . LAURA moyas avay slistitly before ho can reneve she final garment , LAURA wotve gat to get aus of Venice . darling , please ... please liston to she , tt 's a warning . jonn groan und throw himself on the »ed . ' dne moad be shattore , wut LAURA be insisteut , caress he , kissing hin , try to force he to unterstand the danger . : LAURA johu ! lt be christine again , try to warn we . vetve gat to jone suddenly sit upright , svesp she aside , godam vi sonmerrow LAURA close she eye in relief it be not my life that 's in danger . tt 's my sacity . , vetll ight . thar ho ns lf lsave all ry ui vacation . he fling himself under the bedcover anc bury he head beneath the pillow . LAURA remain on the end of the bed , stare into the aky . listen to the rain peltd down . slow dissolvs : the rain have stop , a tolephone ring . ind ring . and ally rousg joun from a deep uncenciousness . his : hand grope rine . it sound distant , vat its very insistence by though bedside and lift the bedecover off a chsinr , _ the phone be underseath and it be ringing thinly . lo LAURA vake with a start . LAURA John ? JOHN have the phone , joun mallot . , . hallo ? LAURA look at she watch .. rite LAURA - what be it , John ? ‘ho be iv . tour LAURA be wi no san eta i nts d 4 i 5 operator ( distort ) you call to Venice ... toe hello ? : operapcr ( distort ) just a moment pleasa jowun Operator , where ig this call ' i from please ? operator ( distert ) from iingland , just a monent please , . journ whare in @ngland , ..? yhe line go dead , joun pour a dvint of water and hand it autamatically the lara whoa sr vo hin , finally the phone veactivatea , headmaster ( on phono ) hollo .. , Mr. naxter ? jou yes . hea Anthony babbage , hoadmastar of porton schcol , jonn yoseooe sroris stuy _soulon sologl , sight . the agmaster , a urbane forty yoar oid man , hold up he hand fer quiet , thera be a sense cf urgency about the whole room , two senier policemen supervise oper : don . a large map be ecarcfully piupoinute . au Amy hagor be in confercnece on another phone while he e/c operate a walkiestaikie nadic , on sico , thro the wiucow , can be goon several wouy vehicle and a helicopter , bath in tra ht of tempor wry pleod i i i 1 eee not bee eit eat a i } 1 64 . ys admaster es study seuconu it , contd , hsaphy {aster look there 's no inwediate cause for alarm , Mr , baxter , but 1 feel you ought to be inform at this _ stage . JOHN 's reply from the other end of the line be muffle . the msadaastir go on , . ' hiadhaster 7 uhm , the thing ig that I be : afraid you son be one of three boy uhm miss from the school . they appear to have sze@nt the uight 's out ~ they get separate from a : school expedition - and there 's a ; full scale search go on at this ; very moment , now the have omly be miss a few hour up to now but fy uhm we feel you ought to know ..... a7 , int . vevic ? worst bidrtg , nicht , : LAURA grab the phone from JOHN , : ~ LAURA itm ceme back , tll be on the first plane in the morning . then she throw the recaoiver tack at jowun and launch herself up to get drossad , no , ind , 1 aster S torton sc . mig . cup of tea be be vved , j dnaster my. hellofilsxter ? sorry . what be : that ? ee oly the ip . master tes a toe can not hear a thing , well , look , there it coterie etna Nie bett sandra to bo : 49 . int . jsam astra sent , portor gcrogl , hsadhnasser ( contd ) sure everything 'li turn owt all right , but you can be certain that everything pessible be be do at this very moment . he listen as join ! say something . headmaster nos.eno , it quite ing.ide the - forecast be a spot of rain but the heliceptar can keep search in almost anything short ef fog , hotsl bedroom , ntgut . int . vuntce LAURA be haif~dressed , wildly pack a suitcase as jom complete the phone call , join eo aheet11 ] be with you toroertow morning , .ye , .- that 's vory kind ... thank you hr. babbage . zooglyo lie hang up . pump the receiver un and down until he got a responsa , joint get I tha airport , a pause , JOHN weill , whon do they come on cuty ? he slam the phoue down and stumble out of bed , cross to LAURA and try the hold she , calm she . LAURA darling he say he 's sure everything will be all right . jehnaie can not stay lose for Long . LAURA be out of control , : ' i LAURA he say ! xt may tura out all tight for hig ! clve last one ain child in the last @mee month . I be not go to toge . , .. the losp .. , she - burst into xacking sob of terror avd a és a tottle of JOHN cross to she bedside tala and & of wat pill . ne take out two and return wi LAURA have regain some control , she sheke hex head the proffer pill . jon come on , it will help . she shake hex head again , jom dontt ke lyre LAURA no John ! sho amash the glasa out ef he hand . the shattor of the glass seam to have ti} give LAURA back she poise . sha stare at the crystal of glass glint in the carpet 's thick pie . like a hypnotic object , LAURA touch the glass with she bare fcot , taunting it . then she look at JOHN quite caimly . LAURA I be sorry . jouun okay . here . ne give she the pill . tout I 'h1l get another welass , drop vt : Ho turn to the bathroom . 3 , hae voica deliberately into the be cantrelicd now and low . ote tatra i Tho airport 's close I tate it , i jour ( ote ) they open in a hour . j 4 LAURA 1 ! t'1l go see tha hotel manager . j he will help . John ( return ) Laura , it 's five a.m LAURA i 7. j qur only child may Le j : JOHN give she the water , which she without reference to the pill . i ' not = > ped , : 2 voor io i 4 i . bird 's nest aldwecsee ; LAURA ' that be the warming . you kaow i : that , do not you ? christine be i try to warn we about johnnie , : not you . that 's why we have to i deave Venice . shesesectoldcesett secee : the word be leave float on though air , joil ' be decide 2 ' by something in lausa 's tone , he put on a wrap aud start . for the door . LAURA crossas the lobhy carry all travel car as she reach the desk joiif turn to hey with a smile of faint encouragement . cing crowded convsnptignisrs prepare to leave , they luggage in t & s6ag pile , they voice shrill , shear travel clothes like nothing loss than party clothes , JOHN take LAURA 's hand , JOHN pive mintte , darling . Te 'ir bo all right . the rage and the emotional p far behind now , only the dull flatness of voica sp in when thera be nothing more thet can be do . LAURA youtll drive to Milan jcmn yes , after L 'v > silence . verhap repreach tin at a time like this . tom null grat the car ou ea malate ea ng tg tt nat eran ia pena eas alt i i ' q { d { q } % 5ie let . ic iy girl . dy . 2 contd , LAURA turn , look at he dntently . LAURA you could always stay hero , wait until £ let you kmnowesee what happen , jor no. I be leave . he touch he wallot . - joun i've paad the chack , 69 . LAURA nod . ' Tho reason for leave be not that prosaic , but thore 's nothing the be add . they wateh the milling conventionzers together . they look forlorn , isolate and grey . the camsra . they be lose in the swirl of people . hnl . hopsl ow grad catal . day . tracws away LAURA be look round as JOHN carry har cus , a spacial ssotorboat wait , with a laugh crowd of tourist . a mnglish clergyman come up , rub he hand . clergyuan 4h ! haha ! we last bird of passage , I presume , he shake handa with LAURA . clergyman all rather sad , cf coursa , the end of the holiday , he loek round , ' they do n*t look sad at ali . clergyilan det a happy hostecen , jorn etruggy up clergyilan tie just so sorry will havent ? room cov you wubt y oa we chaxter , e i ! 2 's i i j 4 : | i , | 3 ; } i i i ws will 7u , I contd . ha leaus forward conspiratori . ailye clyrgyhan how do remembser ~ if anyone ask - you be to say you be a full wenmbor of the universal yruth secicty , launul lt 's very kind of you .. , clsrgymar no anathor word , cesar lady . fe turn and raise he voice . , cliagymat all eboard , friend ! LAURA turn to JOHN , LAURA Goodbye , darling . phone not iowili . she kiss he aud wave as she board . he watch , feel rather lose as the boat pull avay . cur to : ext , puuch ? foo . 3 : the life of vanice flow inte action across the canal as the sun rise higher . it be go to %e« a stifling hot day . jcmn be on the phon and we can hear it ringing , ringing , range . finally it be swere . sone word be rio ! exchangod , joun be clearly not satisfied . we hear ' greg a few time , joun hang up and step ous of the beoth . ee walk rapidly to a vaporctto stage , ex . say gause jo ! pay off bert and chureh in the bac ! the step tovned the round . na get to the front dour , 54 . sempty church , oe erd . SAM greconto LA ding sma . day , canta , huddle , half asleep against the door sit Al } vorkhan , lean ov the doav acdy WA iy a bow JOHN come up , jos , alberte - I be terribly sorryor . aldinto stir ang look up . he look really rough , : aleertc im ? what ? ah ,..um. , , what 's the tina ? joun glance at he trateh , jown un , . , nalf past soven , alberto rub he face , al T have see here since a quarter to six . his face be the picturo of injure dignity . sie . san the church be enormous , fill with light and shadow , colour and contrast , a great dome tower over the central tlavg '' : the church have a fealing of build we must for a crumble venicet and there be a cement imixer , several neasuce device , ladder ete , in the centre , oddly out of place , a scaffold structure reacn on spindly leg into the do . ° as the front goor open and the footetep echo arcund the of sunlight spray across the dusty interier , - v2. join , alberto and the work : be hear over the hoow sound of the door open and enter , they word can just close behind there jotin «e2 - 50 laure fly back this morning early , ttll get the ear on the train ferry tonight . anno ( pvesceu pie 5 of course , of course . if there 's anything I can do , ain i akemi rene , jor I be sure everything ' 11 le okay ... they voice float on the amptiness of the groat church alberto 's ( eae , to what I zve ) but you will have time to give mo attey aad thts ket : yeowg he thay stop at the foot of the scaffold , underneath oo pfolirsianxsy reuorte # dome , in long sih0t they look insiig : joun icantly small , holl yes , that 's what I be horn for . they sterce upwards , join itd better have a look . from p ,o , V. high ik scaffclding . JOHN start climb tha ladder . it sway in and out with he weight , exe or less only he head and shouldex can be see , c.u. alherto stare up . ' he call out , all right ? joiwn 's voice come faint . join surce beens sete anne or the vorkmnan ang JOHN be stand en a plank platform 2 what seam to be about a thousand foot up . of course it be nothing liko this , but the proximity of the walla , the great window and the chasm beneath this give that imprassi the sun still slant across the wosaic , which elov they . tt light it brilliantly , cking out and hriiliant red . joun seem not to mind height in vhe least . he walk up and gown the platforn as if at central station , ne turn to the vorkilan . jorn ' we have to get down a bit . the vorkman appear net to understaud , lie point down to the mosaic . sohn . / . down , peco profundo . the vworkman 's face light in a siwile . . worghar ab ! Si ! he move along the platform to the middle poi : then he gesture . jomi't p.o.¥ , a cradle , like that use to paint tail building , be sling below , a ablong , btoxlike structure , suspend on rvope which . run ' over ; ulley and ura then securely tie to the scar fold . jo ; okay . you wind I down ? he mime again , the vorkhat nod , still show a lot of tooth , joun chimss gingerly imto the box , it have side up to about he waist . he turn and give the thurb up sign . the wornuan crate toa the mey systoam and isutis on a ro ; whe box start to deter , a Les tthye the oulley wiieel , i i i i the 2st . won soas°gl , day . contd . a shout frem below , albert va be ? the owrkman lean over and wave , wormuan Si , signor , the imot reach though pulley wneel , and be just net ge to get over it . it slip , than the rope come off , the hox , . . now only effectively hold by one rope . one end drop like a stone about six foot . with a wild motion , join throw hi:aself towards the gaad rope , just reach it . use cling on . ' hor be nothi , baneath he but bhe swinging , pirouetting box . joun 's p.o.v . Tho cathedral floor spin and voirieng be mad circle fur lelow b albentot face , terrify , the wore 27s face , terrify , JOHN , he eye shut , hold oa , the wcrkhan leap for the pulley and start to haul . very carefully indeed , . the box start to creak upwards , dut as it do so , all the edditional waight now on one side only , the seaffold to which it be attach starta to ugly . johk 's finger clutch the rope , a trickly of blood between the knuckle , the entire seaffold be sagging to tie leave , a bolt shear off with a tear metallic sow ) , the box lurch . ' the howling SOUND of wind ane varning , the sor wn lash tha pulley to a cross '' tiea and start to move to the luider , avay crom danger , join launch himself into gxash inte body of the seoaffold . there be a tarril erackiur SOUND , lar of : the wor ! scorn i i i i q i i 4 t } 4 { 3 i i j poorest al ated = I JOHN stoacdics hinsclt a though ladder edge . sealtt unaasily . white and shaking , shocked bayond respoensa toa he terrifyir alrerto inove loww impoteut to help yet cgesperit give help . JOHN hos reach the ladder g and move like a.cat to ease he weight off the cross bar and onto the jaddex , very gradually ‘he elither down to the first platform . fhan to the next platform . ' then the penultimate platform , at gach one though seaffold give a little , wetal bolt shoar off aud smash to the ground . ut finally , inere < aiuhy jom ! reach the growl , almerpo tug he shoulder drag he to the safety of though entrance portiad , the unearthly sound of the chiid and though wind fade as jci burio he face in he hand , yinally he lool :s up again , shake he head to froa himsel ? a erin at alberto , - jot from the moamory and aftecus my lige insuxsance company get the fright of its lita up thoro . alberto relax vigibly , smile and squsesze jcin 's shoulder in affirmation of he life . aldento : you noed e drink , joun unbolievahla . alberto usher he to the groat sain door of the chucch . jon xtts ywealily ridiculous - but last night wy wife vac - warn 7 F be in danger . aly at JOHN with 9 sudden respict , ox no four the door arn opone wid they valk bo the burst seid Lee 76 + 56 . uxx . ols ? G 2 day . once outside they skirt the wichinery and start to head towards the bridgo . rut JOHN pauss , . jchn sorry . itd just like to sit down a minute . altzrto be all solicitousness , JOHN site on the low wall i face though canal and allnto join he , po alberto ; iovwill have the bishop sue the 4 . contractor for every penny . he i will do no more restora no work | ; for we , yerumuperstrerpgebea-eocmorens '' JOHN grin o& Little , jon i it 's okay + '' okay e seo succ beside they , then another pop UD. pee > owas vo ae nar ave they dow q " bei awembere : attest lok ee peal ack eon eeleaeetaa he stop and they walk back , alterto that be folice frogmen , jie point to where a police launch ride at anchor , wick up ome of the smaller canal . he raise he voice and across to the police launch in italian . a auverto cin do dee ) i { what be you look for ? ) 1 a shoutad arswer come buck the then , este potent maar ante oe i : } - the proghsy eat . alrexto make a fnce . Ho fumble for a word . lesrteo wie ab jom . 4 body , a wowan miss froa one of the house . they thinic ait could bo the work ofecece aledrto the crany man . the ... maniac . jchn what maniac ? , albyrta there be a maniac in Venice , ! he have kill many peopl . fhe whole city i mass test week ana a orn to as a italian jonn be watehing the mud bubbl yell to the joen God - smeJl that nave vanish and boat . they have find vas praylng en '' ss terrify , ed ll meoey ' on of ast week ~ and vine this , ...itadman . must have | a prifest y ; ; first . es from the canal . abd . now one pop up ap herve ater the whote_cttyt — terrift albsi'to ( cont ) you do not read the papers ? JOHN answer with a touch of asperity . JOHN I have have quite enough bad news in my family recently . without papers . albok tu of course . forgive I . one forget . jon do one . sor be wa tebing.the_bonblas oete cant om yore 4 i the frcgi vanish . joy let 's go . dut they both stand absolutsly hypnotise , alde2stg . yes , come on , but they both stand thare , the water orupt vith a swirl of mud . ' then suddenly there 4s a body , filthy , lolling face up in the water , ths throat be a red and brown gash , then the proghen ere there with it , towing it towerd the launch . : joly Jesus Christ , the proghsn see elate by they appall find , ter a maid be busy clean and change the sheet . join come in . the maid look up and speak in halting English , haid I be sorry ... but 22t ees aLtereas midday . . son yas . I will not bo a wninute , ii suitcase stand open on the rack . lo go to the cupboard , open at , ti be ampvy , we scowl and loot about . tia clothes have be hon ; he stuff then then go to the bhathroca , ad en a chair . athout cexono : melee edie ane eat aaa to ces tar ee aan en we ah eon nna ree 58 . tnt . puturoon , day . 60 , gt. I collect he ragor kit and open the cupdeard hehtnud the mirrer , he grin ironically . tt be full of lauuta 'ts thing - powder , face cream , toothpaste , anil polish , he take he sponge bag and scoops they all in , he be about to go out , when he notice tne laundry bas ) cet . he open it , ' the sane gxin . he reach in and take eut a nightio and some underclothes , then he faeis something odd . ile taka it out . tt isa crumpled phetograph , ss he unserawbl . : it gently . if isa photograph of LAURA , crumpled and distort by somoone 'ts attenupt to dastroy ; flatten it cut , camemem int , HOTEL lo jomn wait waile , a elevator , the sorry of , hr , laxter . they shaka hand . La. exd . the fonter lead the bass axportly ento a wait vaporstite . jonn tip he , thon find a place in tha bos , the vaporetto swing away from the laud stage . eoritt carn oven joun sit in the how 5 le a few note , the papers blow under ero sing oo he hand and he dare not 2 ift he pen from the page for fear he will lose the papex , tha vaporstto be almost eapty in the afternoon heat . jown finally decide to give up the un 1 struggle «a : ea , pocket he pen carefully . then ho fold the panera and slip theis into he briefcase , vemeve the key to he car at the same time . he check this in he methodical manner and pocket they , finally he have complete all the little exerciso and snap he briefcase shut befere stand up . but he freeze in mid-movenent , among the busy canal traffic be a private hiro launch nead towards he and come from tha opposite direction , in the bow of the launch stand three people , LAURA , look distraught , she hair blow in the vreege , and tha two old sister on either side of she , thay seem to bo yo to she , ps eediy teme JOHN scranclea across the bench of the vapoxretto as the two boat pass . , aad thers be no doubt . earely ten yerd from himy ; LAURA and the two sistur , star ing emptily ahead , in a moment , JOHN be fight he way back through the tedy of though vaporetto to the storn . he throw himself against the stern vail violentiy . , Tho vaporettos meva fast and although he can still see lata and the sistur they be now some forty yard past , joun unp he hand , JOHN Laura ! Laura ! but the bont turn into a sida canal and be lose frow si na sit dewn , lose in thoush ; puszlemont , almost angsr wis caco . what in hell be she dotng tier . i sl. cos exe . vatorstto gu ce i tha .vaporetto turn into a quay , : in a second he have decide , ue leap up , fight it way { to tha luggage area and take he suitcase , heude for : the axit. 62 , ex '. L ng. { x i : . he thrust he ticket at the collector , who glaucos at it : and frown ycaltinog owt +h tohw . sollector , sano , 8 geen dese éweoun . & La pevaat nec. ont ( cuitrecte wadevthade ) of . eerie I push past the line wait to get on , lug ‘his suitcase and he heiefcase , ie set off at a half walk , half shamble back towards the hotel , 63 , int . hovsu . Day . - he errive sweat , he jacket sling over inis shotldevs . ; ne go to the desk , tt be a differant chirk , ' clerk i signor ? i . JOHN { : my wife , have she con in} to oven } : signor ? ft som : j : me , haxter , have you see Mrs , ' the B 's onglish be obviiously atrictly limited . i he turn to the reception book and scan down the nany , clerk dantereess7axtelese so , signodssee no buxtorarecee JOHN look , where 's gui I tiroemkte see ecutasre 2 anager ? t i 4 3 somal a radon a '' , I } | | vn oa , but he shrug there be a interain @ pausa . up and thunh through seme posteard on a rack , select a few , she wait , too . smiling sickly . sillene , . pinally she pound the tell , the matagsr appear , womait ah , = want to buyse marager Mr , daxter ! : " yoran how much be this the manager turn and give the mest polished of smile , mafager twenty five lira each , signora , , in one fluid motien he be back to join , join hy wife , tlas she come in , manager - me , faxter ? JOHN control himself , joun yes , wiager sho do not take the plane ? JOHN be constantly scawn the people ecea inte tie hotel , jchn no , ber «a fov minute ago , haag nutess sha leave with the tour , foun i 1 for 4 } } t e3. SD . day . contd . jor ( conta. } with the tour . have you tha wanaggm shake he head . mahagir she have not come in yet , signor , the woman look up . woman . how much be airmail to though States ? joen break away from the desl and stand in the middle of the lobby . constantly he glace a % he wateb , at the people at the stair , suddenly he break back to the ' deste jolly there 's no other way into this place be there ? the manager shake he head . managir teshaps she get lose on waf back , signor , Venice issesece join : she be om the Grand canel . se be this hotel , ha hesitates , oo look , my wife have be anything could have hapsdenod , jchn go back to he pace though lobby , ' the N not in that special way italian a the lanagsr watch bin for a moi vesorve for crazy foreigner . th 1 instructien to the clerk and go inte he little office , lca gw the door open so he can wateh jci the phone . magi Il eoropuerto , por piacore t over and stand , let the wave of tour arcund lim , onee ho think he seas lauia and dash call har narie , but it as a twice laeratss erd tidus sy , he walk to passersby , then he turn as he see the managsr beekond . hime he dash back to the dosti . managir saqnor yaxter - I have call the aivport . ' mme plane leave , but unfortunately , they do not haye passenger list for tour . jown finally decide , joen where 's the nearest police station ? manager ( scothing ) baxter pause the do Venice be famous foree - nn ' , ont the verge o% por crissake ! my wifo vas seeemaey @ nervous breakdowm , last night she learnt she son be lose . ela suppose to have go on the plane to help search for he ~ but this morning I seo she with two crazy old woman ! where 's the goddan poiico station 's ? the managsr point to a map under though glass of the dosk , manager tyo minuto , ¢igner . ‘ce the right . fonte verdi . he look up ioam very serry , signor . joa h pull a pad and penedl towards ihimsel ? and start to write , J iv chay . now , ep anybo.eeif she como a isn or yehing you be to reneh '' fox alherto — nusso.ece day . con he write the nanie , then have to search through he 's addrass book for the telephone number , : masag ir Count russe . yes , signor , we heave he number . 4 jomn stop , io00 ks up and then close he address book , : jouy j : l'il collect my lag . the hanagir bow , JOHN turn on he heol and stride ous of the hotel , the woman write she postcard look after he pityingly , then turn to the manager . vomal that poor want , what a terrible vacation he 's have ! the interior of the police station be a enovmout , undecorate hallway . a stairease sivcep up and avay to a balustrade above , the place echoe and resonate with the sound of civil servant fill up they time between dawn and dusk . the wall be green , perhaps to hide tha verdigris , high and shiny and utterly devoid of decoration , there ara two dask in the main ballvay , tnere ere severai deer to unknowable back room and corridor , there be order bustia : people come and go , policemen filing report , go off.duty , arrive on duty . JOHN approach the desk , a untyormed cffioztal look up . jon do you speak lpnglhisii ? the offioial point to the stair . oppictal ( in italian ) ( second floor ) pie to ims peper and jci turn to go up the i i 4 65.6 int . T. 2 com . tay , de sit a a beneh run along onc man and a vor the bench be a glass door with lettering . ido of the room , on + they look vary glish . at the and of JOHN wonder wheat to do . ile stand , loalz up . he smile . nax might as well sit down , probably be age . jonn smile and sit down , man the wife have she haudbeg pped , incredible , just pur at down ia a rospectable Shep , and piri ! go , the wohan lean over , woman it be though salesgirl . I know Wade WA anyway , it 's go . and yout plasil shot : LAURA on the motor launch betveou the two sister . joh ohesemy briefcase , tlad some '' yather important py tha door open and a young polis man and the woman . they get up and go in , jown sit siscrably for a moment or two , then light a stanct beckone tha cigarette , then he notice a cotfea machane in the cere he ght up to it , teeling in lis pocket fon change , he stucyy the instruction carefully , they be in italian and rather lon . he take to be fie twist 2 sugar and insert he coin . na nane , . still uo I bange the om wight today 6. pe | 66 , con ay then he notice a Little red button . e€ press lot , the machine swing into action . in the recess in the middle of though machine a jet of scalding coffee spurt straight down into nothing , splash out all over he , Ho feverishly grab a paper cup from a pile vt he notice rather late , and shove it under &. it be not a very good fit in the place and it go cver he hand ... ne yank it to safoty , a yell . he lick he hand which be a ugly red from the scalding liquid . ue take out he handserchief and wran . a it round , then take out the cup . ' the bottom be just 2 dirty . with e sigh he drop it into the 1 rub down the stain with he injursd } handkerchiof . the door open and the han and yoman be show out . the pause to watch jc aud neold up he owa haite - bandage hand , maw get you too , do it ? game silly cago machino , . the pclicsman give the man a icy stare an@ usher jcuw into the offic int , a voutc day . under a bright spotlight a sketch artist i finish touch to a sketch of the two sistor . it be a good likeness . JOHN be ushere in by a insplctcr and show the sheven . he nod he approval , a policeman about 6 " x 5 % , jon look over the should of the inspector , cross and offer a pile of reproduce photo ' Tho phote be enlarge from the erumple snapshet of LAURA , _ sal c2 peery io t leok fussy and faintly dave . l daictortinge strange a very sordous charee , a be ana ee all right then , but they su some place , that ? coffee , Tho detail you must nox usual manne 26 steam up nov , ' soi the usual mo how many tiy ' hese sist mit ! before , ths on gpls den not kidnap . 2 aus hell heve he mov what do you cail ythisg ? rot a cup of kidnap . novevor. nave a 1 ] be note , let we preceead in though Inner be not good enough . eg do I have to say at ? mut ! danyjerougs engenctor explain uy we should consider tnoy claing they can , ... can talk to the deal just know and , ..andeost they be ! | fhey be evil ! tngroctonk get dann er be igalt soueone bhan ? £ ° be quite aire that this have veen say to hin tnle a folic ! gsp , diy tae lnoplctor a9 , lsp ictor because you haventt teen alle to eive we the address of they hotel , signor , joun I tell you . a small cheap hotel ... it 's opposite a bar ... down , 1t can not be more than five minute walk from San Zaccariah , throve gown the pancile insfuctgr half of Venice be five ainute walk from San Zaceariah , signom . jou well goddamit , I will find they hotel ! tnsplctor signor , vanice be in the widdle of a fullscale man hunt , ina case you have not hear - we have a tmrderer en loose in we city , ' seem every single tourist bas nislaid he caviora , he wife or he passport . ' the usual 7o roblery a day continue unahate , wow , we will do everything have ean to you wife . you co - ore will be greatly appraciate . you | i 20.6 ant . a politic ? of euspector ( contd ) the hotel , . perhaps that will end the entire mystery . we will do what we cun to locate this woman , ly the usual channel and that take time , JOHN be exaspespate and storm to though door , sore goddamit E wiil , and £ '11 find the U.S. consul , , thspector buon giorno . joun go out , slamm though door . ' Tho I sctor waite Tor a moment , then reach for the telephone . einspoctcr ° gianni ? prontos ... cus clo '' day . JOHN come run down the step . he hesitates at the bottom , then walk quickly towards the vaporatto jetty . a thin , tall policeman in plain clothes emerge from the building too , ijle stand watch , identify jorn , and the vory quistly follow he to the jetty . etto , day . JOHN step on board the vaporetto and move to the front . the policthan wait discrestly to the last minute , thon flash bis identity card for the toll beoth and step onto the stern of the boat as it pull out into the canal , the policeman bury he head in of nevspaper . the headline ais lurid and concern the im : mdac hilkler . jom piee up and dowa though fore deck , much to the annoyancs a there , fut jo we ef the few tourtst also fore : 8 totally oblivious of tien , cur 4 69 . ex ? to . _plash sgot . the rain , the urchin , the wabrella no ot , JOHN stride past the restaurant wherd they dine the previous night , fie negitenty , power jn the windowse he . p.o.v. timoucd vr except for a prisst and of nun tucking into a delicious rp 7318 ; s$ . the restaurant be wapty mound af ice crean , joun look at the two street a he and close he eye a moment , walling ahead down the right hand strast . jor move on , gaking the right hand street , the thin policshan follow , ext , s2bp2t . pfaccartaie . ay . the shadew of the building on either side be dari , and '' wind edd deap , though street curiously sinister as a @2 gown it toss a few leave and garbage aveund joun 's foot , ae jount in the distance '' 4 child 's breathe can be heam slow and look rownd fearfully , Tre street behind he be enpty , tne street ahead be empty . uo run forward oa impulse , jociey christine ? the very fact of have call she name make he stunble to a halt . ne frowm in solf-disgust . , ue have reaciiod 4 narrow bridge over a dark , backwater canal , Tho patinway stretch away in several dirac as along tha canal lank , over the bridge , along the far sida , and of in two further directicn to he leave , JOHN loan against the wall im momentary vejiaf , for life continue normally nere . tourist wouder with they 1 cnnexwas and puldehook . & gondola move slow . y across the foul water of the canel . Laundry drieg in the ef sunlight that strixo through though narrow gap uttween house , jgun vest a moment he laok up toe the whoa , mua all iay mnos bo the prow os | i { q i { } belanen v1. baccarat contd . tee sane cuild he see tl and stand there be a child - + run over the beat the previeus night , the be silhousttod against sharp sunlight , a hovi ef sound syall and obbh away , jomn blink and lean forward , he move to cross though brid ; & child 's step appoar futile . althougu in a moment she ( | the child 1s run . lepholo Love meke the turn the cornar and vanish . johw be half way across the bridge , le stop , skake he hhead and staras down into the canal water , flash shot : at tha lekeside . , joun carry the fx break body of he daughter vack up the path . LAURA be : ilo , touch tha child 's hair . joinnt walk behind they 14 % a pallbearer , they face be ali grey , they movement antomatic , the water of the canal be kro : ul of siop a by a sucke veing toss froma balcony , JOHN 's revery be broker , tle foe back over though bridge and waik slowly along the canal tank , . paer up at sre search for the old sistoar ! hotel . the thin folic . ever he shoulder , an 37 sur _in v3 : JOHN turn up a street , walk away from the canal , tue street be short , lle turn down another street , xt . onli strinrl UT etg. day . this , too , be short dlar the the last , get gesperato , I walk up a third street . i} this street run directly onto the canal from where he jccih slow aud stop . thien burn iaci on he track . at ont the intersoction ante the vclic sovran rench it , the policli galt yidivk , lub ineve th. 75s 76 . jor give the bell on '' 23s wed streyt fn vener 2 oeixha. on in the girection he be go . joigg look at frow in feint recognition , then move on to the street round the corner , ext , asotutr spreet tn ov : 5 . dav. JOHN look in both direction on this streat . nut there be no feature he might recognize , he continua dow : it navertheloss , ard as he walk he slovily realise ho be stare at the bar where not drank the previcus nish , aud opposite the bar - be the sistar ' hotol . joun start to run , the policshan wateh froma the shadow ef a alleyway . join run into the hotel , the policeman move last nov , stride down the street , be check the hotel and go into the bar opposita wr '' not can watch , int . par ofposits sispers ' total , fay , turougl tie flndut . ihe telephone , zt . lonty of ststorg no one appear . tne place thump on the desk with he JOHN anybody here ? a @oor slam , somewhore in the tacli . ar age and a very lat vor a wheeze shuffle dewn the pas she har cover in flour , shuffy in behind the desir , do you speak snglisn ? ler eye naryow in concentration , and she slowly nod she hhoad , right . I be leok for two old ladicsere 1 dist : he speak very cleanly 2 stly , not forget of you voice wh spgake to old rule shout reas torcavaor . okt ; i ene ant seat eh nmin , t } i 94 . he cevor he he point the a fain look ah ! si! dosk ole out prom tehdnd +: she sh step , iio pollow hor in a agony of suspense at she speed , which t9 ebout one stsp avery five socond , ha vay uy , she peuse and turn to hin gvinue . she put she hand over she eye , wed , woman 4 " Si , cieca . Si . she finally make it to the top ° * & of '' a st for bb. 5 a cr front of the decor , she neds to i he grabp the handle and push . the door open . roo . day . his p.o.v . the room be empty . < adsolutely be stripped , he cupboard be open and bare , drawer ilo open and empty . ' the room bas be leave in '' hurry , johk throw open other draver . nothing . tue luggage rack stand naked , JOHN spin round , no vor 213 nodd aud grcune in the doorway , Joint thera aro they ? shey 's have sone ! where be thow ? the woman 's eye narrov again in concentration , woman si. gone. ver ! 's nice room , you talco ? jci loo -diy. contd , theres ts a movement in the doorway and stand besida i woman be the thin pclicus vho have cen folloving : womay turn to he as he touch hey shoulder . ue a i wallet open and show she a tadce . ler eye widen , ila ; speais very rapidly to she in tialian , and sho speak } * rapidly tack , thon the polecin . ow he hadge toa JOHN , j ' policihan ' } tnank you um . eaxter . = ani : now ; : : we take this most serisusly . i jot ' ' who be you ? - . { policshan > , } sai:bioni , tes ae sectiwe homerdi . i : ommercrtsroioen , iurder squad , JOHN hold onto the bed head , ' i 78 , exe . nsar aldurtc 's palaz4o . day . a& private '' the ° % ry jonn , ina pusin mmatienca , be fe motorbost at the small iand stare . I stand up , get change from he pocket , dmape it : dm the driver 's hand , take he casa and leap ashore , what he do not realise be that one have to the very can get off notortont anywhere , and especially in Venice , where all the step arg at best wet , and at worst slimy . he lose he balence and only stay on the step at the expense of the kneas of the trousers , and he suitcase , which be half iruiersed in the canal . the driver of the boat grin and pull hreaking into @en aria , jomn stare aftar he , furious , thon sce up the step to a impose old iron studd door , ke glance at the number and reacty out for the great iron i bell anc pull hard . i I then try to sub somo of the ort be - ho dee be sproad ite his suitcase oon dirty water , vinieh rv wrad stream down the stapes . pee ea shak a tn ths aden 8 19 . hang on the wall , thera be a air of resign og . push another he anger hurst forth in a ®iend . we yoll as lcud as he can , JOHN nyell } come ont , two extremely elegant vsnstian , a man and a woman , walir of 's 's round the corner and ston , looting wit '' oe oe they wait , stare at liim . jonn and just at the vlioedy heil ado you want ? thea man smile , step past joun and use 2 bell push which have completely oseapad joi the door ais open instautly . ths chupl saile and pass jorn. , han seusi , eignor . jon be cover with confusion . JOHN Tim torvibly sod , esead have no the door be about to closo , but he just get in , tnt . 3 Tots & 220 , ay . tt ds small , but extremely ohegant , with a mavclse staircase t '' 3 t elinbing up the a window opposite tha door . fade tapssiry ana damp which be all pervasive , bus seen the the cla : ax of a drink party from i.e room on tha right . the maid who epoen the door give iuim a cumic and point to a small cloakroom on th dur ps lis suatease , still drip where the sound of conversation cor . pg ue voorl $ 8 small , but elogaue , with : y clinbing up to m windew oppesite hang on the wa 4 i : i 3 1 ' ) 97 co. : mich be ali~pervasive , but the clamor of psoyles in the room , , the peeple be a curious bunch indecd . ay . ‘ey be gather to look st several paint propped on furniture round the room , and the painting be , to say the least , suggestive . , xd co % , amicst all this a be the oddly clorical figura of alhdrto , trolling 24 with my. dear jouf , where be you thing ? t'1il show absolutely , be ou you weor , ....t augegeeeeliave vhe police any news ? jom ! seem prefoundcly ldeve , at last thera be someone to confide in . the two yneat pinpily make the police start take mh sorionzly . alberto ' dnd you frill want to call yaglax no ? 1 gh vhatj ja tarsibla day sor you . lle gasture at the peprie in room . fim so forry about ~ this , a young aptist . ' shey implore to ee . I have none , zr tell tem , coe hnow a few peanle who buf art , lut thisssecer . he flick ane of th ully , could , sortys ose ale tue of cpurse , of corurmndi.e . 4 erent EI osi tt tty oeta ET ee aod - sine ndl beate'e of a a ? a. aha lacte hl ¢nlenel , john / finally get up next to alberto and make he prayence recognize , join alberto . 5 '' 6 alberto ( see he ) vow ure tare , ) 4h. =e , a room ? have the may show you JOHN wo , wh mot yet . look itm reaily embarass about this . . . alberto come , yi will find the may , he start across the room . joun talk by way of explenaiion , JOHN at least I get the police to take I ygariousiy bee et , the two old sister have vanish . that get they move . site sveening throvwyh the yvoam acinowle ay oo feren dittor - ent pocple as ha go , alberto ecco ! va be ? ah luigi ! ciao , carissima . que magnifico , salute marea ! tz , Tho warmth of he greeting to he friend be in market contrae : to ris attitude towards JOHN . boe feartty May be into the nallway of the palazzo and jonn see the telephone , JOHN do you think I could call engtand ? I 'am sotty .s '' '' alberto nod , without speak and pick up the ¢elephone , he dial a number , wait in silence , < a pause . then he ask , in italian , for the overseas operator . | oom dfoh towards the nail . burto as they pacd impersonatign of a rmaenifaee , salute oun through , cog & thay get '' 81 . ebt , all tne telepn fe day . serto lroase . al not be on aud dial slis , im etalian , tor pick 1t you . you have the nunbsry JOHN fuwble for the picee of paper ii he pocket , thon take the phone from alpirto , ij / voray i the number da hnyglanc 15.6 . < oneoe : Ho make a face to alpnrto : anpossibie televhone , ie : must wait . alberto see a couple leave '' the sane j . couple that arrive with joun only a mouent ago , he ; scamper across to they 3 JOHN turn he back on i | ; 4 predicament , lia walk nearer as he telis they , : jom turn round to find then he , stare in ! synupetiry and interest at sirt a : a ' anadeo and ward pox kelaiuin qt ; rele 48 . seay the it pave heen spctnaiatininnrane kem sony fav you rueieana ewe , ' i wt ane hate 4 a j sewn dete amadeo dy torelle bow {fly from the waist , joun do not quite have a proper response , and anyuny the eperator be talk on the phone . JOHN what ? uh ~ sousi.s..momontorsee ua hand the phone to alegrto for translation . alnirto pronte , the operater repeat she instruction . alberto acknewledge and hang up . they will call in a foy minute . madeg now hold out he hand to the formally introauee to jom , : . awadeo fioase accept we sincer sympathias . maria eolope ths police be effort . ton I think they be , ' j { ] amado I meet the shief of Police once . a very vague man . I really can not understand how he get where he be . 8o common . ; '' i jposs geo 's wd e find mara you wife and you son ! it be daxveadful ! at that precise moment the telephour shrill , jon dive to the recaiver , jonwn hello ? tae torsllis move away to givo he privacy 82 , ind . solis sirupyy . pav mrs . pag be en the phone . hrs , baddag ' oh Mr. bo '' iba so glad you cail . vwatve be try to didett know where reach you , : you we they be averse ia a chuorae i 1 63 . rife . hall . day . 85 . 86 , 87 . jown cover though phone ard speak to alb ey have tound thank God , T : mrs , dapagge !s volce come quite choarly . hrs . BA } eeothon they light a fire and a helicopter see thse smoke , study . bali a butioe the cahgra start pulling bach . mas . tadbagy to you ww , hall . day . . jot what ? 's down slowly , e@rcping wenind hi spudy . LAURA wake though phone and bubbles into it happily . LAURA darling ~ isntt it wonderful ? johnnie 's just fine end prend as punch because he picture 's in the papor . . there be a pausa , eaura ll right , John ? £ be you where be you ? LAURA you didutt go out and get smashed do you ? ind . udy dae . 70 : have noeaelo , tha cart : 1 q i of we oo ET . ( contd ) thate jle be suddenly drain , oxtaust , . fo id of voll - it 's smemum liard to ex ; lain . ] thoush I see you with that two sister , on the Grand Canal . LAURA oh John - you have get they on the brain , now listen , johnnie 's fine , itm fine , itll book back ~ on the nine o'clock plan , I '11 - bo with you for a late dinner . ( a pause ) John - be you sure you have all ris '' day . joist : yes , titm all right . he be clearly not . he be white as study . day . LAURA yarling - will will start again . va will drive down to Pisa and flornnce and romo avd welll stay at theseeees 2 haly . day . g06 jon you 'rs come hack here ? vye 'vo novhere to stay , Tho hotel didult have a rcomerne net still doaply nerplexad . 's jci you now ? how dn fy elewa , lob . LAURA ( 0,8. conta ) all right ? stay at the hotel ... jchi at albertot , I 'in stay with alberto , LAURA ( 0.8 . } rss «= — darsing , stay at aluerto 's and itll be in vy oleven , okay ? John ? ts that omy . JOHN nod dumbly at the phone , jchk tine , yes ckay , LAURA 's goodby be lest in a tidal wave o¥ static . joen replace the rececivor . alburto be nearby and considerata , alientoo she 's come baci . 's jchn nod . . lite rege eho kk haw jomw I say she . alderto try to shrug it all off , alberto . ' venico be full of actos a '' ole we wonen , .. the granc casnk be widow , wwinome , will bh L must ba get bee the sont my queer , tosavw ner ! Christ , alberte , I have be arsied to ier for ten year , T know iv ow there be a haavy pound on the front door , aldento excuse hiwsei ? and go to open it . mn rolapse into the chair by the tolephone tabla . i i i 1 1 é b22 , 104 , = alberto open the door and there be po bnifo police ? jo groan loudiy , the torellis appsar at he side and see tie police stand there , pert in vapid italian , argue vehemently '' marta torslli touch 's shoulder , marta now what 's the matter ? jghy stand up slowly . jor thoytve find then , oh gshbrist they 'va find thein , the tonsllt aro uttorly haffisd , atad so youtre not happy ? tut you said..ce tome no ~ wo= not mp hoy . my wife . two sister IL be look lore . re walk to the door as the torplles do a long slow menrction cur to : poll the light of two police leauncly ») in the water elongside tha hulk shadow of the buiid . ' tha water be spatter with reflectod light from the inpase building , ctor sit behind he dosh , jom sit opposite hin thoroughly . contrite , signor } lt would be foolish to a to say that you have meet put use lot of ¢roudlorscse hut in spite of 2 word , there be ua teler in he voice , 936 195 . j to conte , psctor [ conta , } ve have wortwee Ho reachcs for a word , dmportant thing to look for than a wife who be safe in England . joun : t I raaliy be deeply sorry , he stand up . I know the strain you be unlorise I can only apologise again . the inspector smile , inspector we wero merely do we job . if I be you , i would save you apology , he cross to the door , open it . for vhere tuey ave vost nsode , JOHN walk out . int . police stalzon , night , c.u , wendy , the sighted sister , be furious , wendy Mr , baxter - this have be a oxtremely unpleasant experience , four hour we have bo here , and franizly though humiliation of be drasge from we hotel like common cuzovase eae the camera have pullad tuck to reveal that the two sliston 1d JOHN be sit in a squalid interviow room , empty teacup testify to the longth of the sister ! jciin} be take he punishment as velh as he can , . ; jor toreally amseea ce op aie ct eat atheme int . police st . contd . eeeand on the llimsies¢ of pretoxt , my italiau may not be up to tha sophistry of pi. when seruffy policeman nutter ngelio but T be ouite clear accusation about kidnanpin at mo , joh I just think ... though polica assum3d.eo . when thoy find you would leave you hotel suddonly thatec . weucy we chance hotel , Mr. daxter , after a incident last night . soma snealy thy or pervert be catch peer into keyhole and pursucd . , ..¥e be net go to stay in 3 od hotel . jg be silent a moment . jct I be sorry . tt can not tell you how embarrassed and , . , , well , sorry i a , jirather speak for the flrst time . hvat '' baxter , Wendy isa gnly goteag on at you hecause she be / bear , hand - rear , spoon , gilt - adge nan the blind eye swivel towards the cow sister . ter now ston it , vendy ! have apologize , ue can do no more , yendy look grumpily at she sister befere spaakiang . vendy he can escort the loti : of we hone . | | } : oo aay aertel pnt tbl wie ate nomen tm mle aart angina cme sina haenriesls 25 . 96 . 97 . hee . veitc atreou , a jot land , tit 1i sheet of water tore the runway loom up . ine . vepig atrpont . night . the place be not crowded , itts too lato at nisht . Tre cam RA pick out alpsrto , wait at the arrival gate , scan the gray face of the tour 3 wha emerge blink in the bright artificial li LAURA be one of they , she seoy al mo and suide - still 4 % look for JOHN , yut when alysrto cone up to ter and take she bag , he oxplain what have happen . ner saile relax . all be well , sho js back , bxt._v. sl lo vsitec ? hbamier and * ndy sit in the almost enpry vaporetto as it pull away from the polace station , jghn sit between they . he be escort they home , but nane of they talk , rtor prev ves launch gee , the boat move away from the wirport of Venice by night , the lisht of the city glint across the water itself seem to hover like a cut - out shimnere mata 's the only odd sight be that of a priest drive a fast launch with a beautiful woman . werent oia germ etd . _ > they drive in silence for '' sone moment , { LAURA 5 itm so grateful to you for coliect not , ' alberto say nothing well oy a mon atl lh ky whe sree | albertd have es en | J I have to see someone off , i LAURA oh , alberto : you husband will be at the police i atation . } LAURA look up skarply . 3 LAURA : ' what ? 4 alberto S he behave stupidly . half co ao a . ne be searen sor you , vith { in Venice they treat every miss person 4 most seriously . i onan ! 4 i LAURA think suddeniy . j LAURA ' thoy will not do anything to he will they ? az 8 be shahe lag hong . vine : aye rr ee ens oey hin : tee i 1 98 , we gendnd on tourist , a nunber of they be hound to sistenst niv pesto rit the vaporetto pull away into though dark nigi ro and eanal beyond , leave joun , hsa landing sta . josh anile weaatgor to heatulr it 's the best thing that 's happen to hor all noliday . ' my sister have , . , , . literary aspiration , ny now , heathore . heather - she will ~ much against she better judgement 7 ~ gd the parish juag ' magazine with da be of she hour in a yenstian goal . wendy } pe anne a eh en i i i 3 anat eg stage healer she onc 's mitte a axticle to the reader 's digest , joun appoar interested . jou renlly ? heath or + '' the most unfoergettatle charactar for have ever meet " , it vas mo . thoy be ject ait , : JOHN oh , itm sorry , heat it vas very wadly write , she sniff , verdy ag a pos at the police station ? " samson agonistes in the dark venetian water .s...? heather samson agonistes be blind , so be i . werdy and there , I would have think , the parallol end . heatusr sniff again . they have reach they modest hetel . tne large double daor be close , whipy ff es in she bag for the night key , dy you will come in , Mr , vaxter 's just for a few monant . ie or EES his wife will ue the aheport . tebe soc gaat sah ett ee 996 laing space his with e bas not teen in a police station for four hour , she look at he triumphantly , jour just a few moment . '' balluay of poltc LAURA waite as al} the night desk , LAURA stare at the cold green with talk to the poltcihan on duty at nlis and echdaing enptiness of the placo , < a tiny shiver , ateraciiemeeioeoeeco , lt havp the lie hold up a piece ] of pay alm let 's ] go . LAURA put out a hapd , go the ling al shave alyterlo nod , but hand to he lip t ‘hen she log though address a I youl imuve ato . er hone . nate e you have be in hex tone , @ on my own ow , he ) lot to talk understand ? LAURA put a dolicate hallway . ali ipg tie pleco of hled floor . i : t ' i cm nanan nate ae mi I ? : 1d a . alberto re leave fifteen minute ago . to take the two old sister home . ' they ' #emove expemaaity . hotel | he glance at he watch . I really do not know if I have time to ... . LAURA do you have they eddress ? alberto yes , but I have to get back ... LAURA May I have it ? he handy she the bit of paper . she glance at it . sapegeeee it can manage . alberto look ever so slightly ashamed for the fipsat time . alberto I will er. . . have goneth cold leave out for you . LAURA shake she head . LAURA no . there be still placgys open and we have a lot to talk about . '' she smile . and I promise we will leave tomorrow , we be go on holiday . then she turn and rum down the step of the vast hallway . albirto stare out after she . i423. rs noted '' wendy be busily search through the suitcase and driver : . for something , JOHN stand uneasily vy the door . hsathser sit in a chair . they be here somewhere .s... : : . wee miniature we get on the aeroplan@ssserer jchn : well look it doas not matter , itve roally get to .... windy ah ! here will be ! beathir seem to be breathe slightly harder , she sit bolt upright in the chair , she chest h move vacantly from side to side , will she speak , cad ee : '' hbathed sre cc ? let his wife arrive at any moment he toid you . wendy bustles up with a handful of winjature whisky ' : . bottle which she prass upon jghi , lo ; wuindy : now then , that 's just a little i token from two old lady who have : no doubt ruin you holiday .ese . i jcm : thank you , that 's very kind ...a. re drep one , serasbies to pick itv up . wendy I will get youa tag . ' T have one somewhere here . i hbaths give a sudden groan , we tdy spin reund and see wouat be happen . i i q loi , 102 , 103 . chill wind wisp contd , foam be ari g prom huatiuur 's mouth , eer face be n contort in pain , onee moro there be the SOUND of a g througn the room , and ahovo the wind the scund of a cield vonc ! ery . JOHN do not want to se involved , ha back to the door , jon wight , lf carr manaressoe hooumvac secer . wendy pencticaily igmnere he tecause she have move rownd behind she sister and as hold she strangely around the forchead and e shoulder ~- as one - might prepare for a epileptic fit , jomn hover in the doorway . worry look up briefly and sritles , . wskdy she 'li Le fine agein soon , Goodbye Mr , baxter . and JOHN go out , the SOUND of the child esyiayg up and blenc into ...... pei . corridor sins bsisterst r2cgm . night . a sch jan of sheer agony emanate srom the sister ! room , join closas he eye and dash down the staircase as quickly as ha can rum ext . cutside bist ms ! vote jom come ort the vast front door and lock leave aud right before startin ; t walk away into the dark canal street beside the hotel , iny , ststin ! closs on heap sr sveat stand os she brow and tear course down she cheek . vay . sien xv faco be rack with pain ; bead of S of the wind her head be tvevbling violently . the sou the criss of 2 child ave dim now , hiatntr be in a state of dreadful agitrtion , 1lo4 , ts ater fetch he back ..e! fleaso ! please ! let he not yo ... nol glancee hgatin , peteh he , woman , fotch lain back . guichly ! vendy rise and start run from tha roan . we . the little square be empty as come agitatedly out of the fxeont door and look to leave and right . she run forward , she step echoing on the cobblestone , wendy ' ( enile ) Mr , baxter ..-.ir. bextert but there be no ranly . , uexeent the scund of feotsten approach : short sharp footstenr that seem to be run , windy be suddenly afraid , she slink back to the hotel doorway - and peer out once nore , as LAURA come run into the square , LAURA be happy ~ elate - axpectant , . and as she see wendy hover in the doorwar , see she , run tovard she , LAURA 's faco break into a smile of sheer happincss . but wexdy 's violent tug at she slceva and the tremulous face give LAURA a second 's hes come quickly . LAURA sense real fear , be uh e '' hq oo ~ john. , .is he 's woay gwak launatt arm aud propel she almost vioieitly into the hotel . quickiy ! 105 . 106 , exe . outesing & e eont . it be all she say as the grant door slam ext . venice back strsu ' Tho street and canal aro utteriy desert , the shadow then , gh . seem to move as JOHN walk briskly towards a casal bridga . , he be slightly lose we can be gather irem he constant roference to the pocket map ard check nanue of strest a the dimnoss of the night . thero be no sound but he how the very well lack 150 ) ag wendy and LAURA dash into the room wsather be footstep , acing . dash in she chair . LAURA vhere be he ? LAURA swvoice act instantaneously upon huathsr whe stor all movenent yuitva suddenly and stand u pright , she blind aye stare . mm mier ' vendy ? wendy it 's Mrs , kaxter , . , .© couldnt find himeserse she explain to latta , uendy he leave - just Left ~ lt west to bring he back , ix think it heatitr christine , I see chlivistin , warn hin , , . you must find hin . you mustec .! LAURA have draw tlaed on tha hand that mouth , she gasp with fright os she to from she face . hao she tell you ! sha tald yor ! yeave pog thea ee 107 . ics , 109 , flt ag , in the hatlw hatmer shout piopl nave begin to conplain , c#il out por silence , footstep to anvestigate the noise , LAURA turn aud flec ent . CO LAURA run blindly away . away from though echoing , resonate warning , LAURA jonnsser be the only with cr rarr sho utter , vo gp a u oe of run to find hin , srerer . a path run parallel to a canal on both side of the canal , two hundred yard avy be a footbridge and join walk tovard this . at , venice sir for hee ill , stand in the middle of the room , for something , sprest . miguit . JOHN siow to a halt as he hear the noise of a door slamm and the crash of broak glass in the distance . > of & ch I leok back , there be the sou : his p.o , V. across the c ad , sobbing . ol and run tovard hin on the parallel bank be tha ciitld whom he see the night before . the child be flee , < a hman 's voic shout in the distance . in a moment jo decide , fe dash forward to the canal edge where a boat lie inoor , ee push vhe bow off into the centre of the canal toa offer a bridga for the cy mun over to the safety of he protection , jo herot go hare ! i 1 t i i 1i2 , JOHN look wack at the pathetic , 3 ext the little omerd barely pouse ang ontke the proffer boat , fall with a exy , ts wait throw hersel 's tovard jo a han have now appsarce on the far the canal aud be catch up by run beyond the opposite bank to erase vy the bridge , as the child jwip onto the bank joi n beyond though alley . joun tu there . quickly ! wie dasnas forward and fling open the iron laad down a narrow passage , ' the breath come in rack pants of terrer acd JOHN slaw the gate behind . ha throw two thassive lolt into piaco and clip the padlock , then vun down the passago '' ehind the itld . exe . passage off sight . i AG ' the end of the passage there this lead to a tiny open courtyard 0 % ampenetrabl door of twa house forvid as JOHN round the corner of the passag a halt , tue child be huddle in a dark corner , like e trap animal , moan , jonit it 's all right , t'na hera .. ' tt 's all right . youve sate rom JOHN stride up to the neerest door and rap loudly on it . joun heiio ! jighie ! the bh. wno be pursue the c:it lock gate , ft as impenetradle . i i { t3e il , 115 . goncd , JOHN we will get help - do not worry . tie push at tha siait door , < jind it sag inwards , with a dreadful hollow groan , tne house be abandon and derelict . ' tne far wall aro break rubble , back onto auother canal . tha child scuttle past the astonished jcin and dash into the houso , and now there be the soinm of wind , a. the chilo' voic . cry , sobe , caliinge sltct ucusz . the corridor be dimly light by the canal ovorlight beyond , the wall drip green slime . the floorboard be utterly decayod . mat flea at though intruder ' step . jomun walk uneasily down tha hallway corridor into the reom where the child disappear . I call out softly , soothingly . JOHN itm a friend . I will not hurt you . come ong lidessiee hov . not door gently for as join pusnss ward and peer into the room , he see the child stand stockstiil , ler tach to he . JOHN reach out a hand fer contort , '' hoe child 's ery reach a crescendo , tne child turn and throw back she hood , she be no child but of hideously misshapen dwarf . a worn with a great deform head , dirty grey hair fall out and powerful shoulder . and she be not selbing , the sound be be cause by she naturel breathe through a twisted meuth and disfigure nose , quick CUT to : ahncad she can sue a small cluster of polio : 2 oporatioil , quich CUT wo : 1 4 4 } 116 . tht . 117 . tet . bgo ! of D2 : jouln 's face snow horror , thon fear , tue bdyarf slowly take hor anand from hold a great butcher knife which ' it . her face treal :s in a appall jom stunbles backwards , he head disbelief , he a oo she be she sleeve , qhint as se raise sxin of anticipation , 3k. slowly in the dwarf leap with a serean of vindietive triumph . thea vutchor knite heather emit can see ' joux 's death , 219 , int . room wick stad . at the furious pclic activity everywhere . hen at be a prayer . ' LAURA ~ , John ... darling ... be day . a identical slicft cf LAURA 21 the two sistur . hold for a moment , ge on then though .. that the vaporetto be a funeral jaunch . jagit throat . she cut to ; au vaporetto betweon it be the sane exact snot as jcm see , RA hovig out to reveal she cotfin with jonn 's bedy be on a trestle . tt be heape with the stot beautiful slover , LAURA hold ner gy ntly ,