donnie darko by Richard Kelly this be the shoot script that be use by the cast and crew during the shoot of the film . convert to pdf and contribute by roncecchini@comcast.net script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary fade in : we descend upon carpathian Ridge , a crescent - shape cliff that extrude from the dense Virginia evergreen above a deep rock canyon . the cliff mark the end of a dirt road that wind down from above . donnie darko ( sixteen ) be asleep at the edge of the cliff . with he bike collapse next to he , he be shiver , curl up on the foetal position . he slowly open he eye and look around , disorient by the morning light . he then stand up , look down into the expansive rock canyon . after a moment of hesitation , he take he bike back up the hill . ext . middlesex - morning ( 11 a.m . ) montage be choreograph to ' never tear we apart ' by inx . donnie pedal down into the suburban village of middlesex , Virginia ... pass by a large rock ' middlesex ' rock -pattern . donnie pedal past two neighbourhood woman who be speedwalk with handweight . they smile at he . a pontiac tran - be speed by . ext . neighbourhood STREET - day ( saturday 1 p.m. ) donnie turn the corner and head towards the garage . we pan over to the darko house ... move through the front yard where Eddie darko ( forty -four ) pull the cord and he gas-power leaf - blower roar to life . Elizabeth darko ( nineteen ) come out the front door . she approach she dad from behind . Eddie turn and aim the leaf - blower at she face ... blast she with air ext . darko driveway - next donnie park he bike and go inside . ext . darko backyard / patio - next we pull back from samantha darko ( ten ) as she be jump on a trampoline and pan over to Rose darko ( forty - two ) as she sit at a table read a paperback copy of Stephen King 's " it " . she glance over to the kitchen . int . kitchen - next donnie walk into the kitchen . he then go to the refrigerator . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary printed in magic marker on the refrigerator notepad be the phrase : where be donnie ? int . family room - evening ( 5 p.m. ) the open theme of " who 's the boss ? " begin as we see tony danza 's blue van and the title card . we reveal samantha , sit on the floor , sing softly to the theme song " brand New life " perform by Larry Weiss we pan over to donnie , sit in the la-z Boy . int . kitchen - evening ( 6 p.m. ) the darko family have conven for dinner . they eat silently for several moment . elizabeth I be voting for dukakis . eddie perhaps when you have child of you own that need brace , and you can not afford they because half of you husband 's paycheck go to the federal government , you will regret that decision . elizabeth ( amused bitterness ) I be not gonna squeeze one out until I be thirty . donnie will you still be work at yarn barn ? ' Cause that 's a great place to raise child . rose no , a year of party be enough . she will be go to Harvard this fall . elizabeth I have not be accept yet , mother rose ( smile ) if you think Michael dukakis will provide for this country prior to the point when you decide to squeeze one out , then I think you be misinform . samantha when can I squeeze one out ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary donnie ( to he sister ) not until like ... eighth grade . rose ( to donnie ) Excuse I ? elizabeth donnie ? you be a dick . donnie whoa , Elizabeth . a little hostile , there . maybe you should be the one in therapy . then Mom and dad can pay someone two hundred dollar a hour to listen to all of you thought ... so we will not have to . elizabeth maybe you would like to tell Mom and dad why you stop take you medication . a awkward silence . rose ( surprised ) you have stop take you medication ? samantha when can I squeeze one out , Mom ? donnie ( glaring at Elizabeth ) you be such a fuck -ass . rose when do you stop take you medication ? elizabeth ( laugh ) do you just call I a fuck - ass ? rose that 's enough . elizabeth ( to donnie ) you can suck a fuck . donnie oh , please tell I , Elizabeth , how exactly do one suck a fuck ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary rose ( disgust ) we will not have this kind of language at the dinner table . they be all silent for a moment . samantha what 's a fuck - ass ? despite he brave effort to hold back laughter , Eddie darko let out a slight guffaw . int . elizabeth' room - evening ( saturday night , 9 p.m. ) Elizabeth talk on the phone , get ready for she Saturday night . Rose knock and then enter . elizabeth ( into the phone ) no . I take a year off to be with you . ( beat ) of course I care . do not get angry . ( cover the phone ) what ? rose how do you know - elizabeth ( cut she off ) I do not realise it be such a big deal . rose it be a big deal . elizabeth I catch he flush pill down the toilet . he know you check the container . int . donnie' room - next donnie lie on he bed , read " collect short story " by Graham greene . his room be a organised wreck . Rose enter and begin to pick thing up of the floor donnie get out of my room . Rose bitterly turn to leave , but stop at the door rose I wish I know where you go at night . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary rose ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) do you toilet paper the Johnson 's house ? donnie ( still read ) I stop roll house in the sixth grade , mom. ( beat ) get out of my room . rose you know ... it would be nice to look at you some time ... and see my son . I do not recognise this person today . donnie then why do not you start take the goddamn pill ? donnie lean over and turn off he lamp . Rose turn and leave she son alone in the dark , close the door behind she . donnie ( cont 'd ) bitch . int . upstair hallway - next Rose stop in she track , hearing this . she then walk into she bedroom and close the door . int . master bedroom - next Rose go into bed with Eddie , who be read a hardback copy of Stephen King 's " the tommyknockers " . rose we son just call I a bitch . eddie ( beat ) you be not a bitch . int . upstair bathroom - next donnie remove he pill from the medicine cabinet . we see insert that read : L. thurman M.D. he look at the bottle for a moment , and then take three pill and swallow they ... stare at he reflection in the mirror . int . master bedroom - night ( 12 a.m . ) Eddie sit up in bed , unable to sleep . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary int . family room - next the tv pop on . Eddie drop into the la-z Boy . they be replaying a Bush / dukakis debate . Eddie laugh . int . foyer - next we pull back and pan over to a grandfather clock ... as the hand reach midnight . title card : october 2 1988 int . donnie' room - night ( early sunday morning , 1 a.m. ) voice ( whisper ) wake ... up ... donnie . donnie jerk upright in he bed , awaken from a bad dream . he look over at he alarm clock : 12:50 a.m . his expression be distant ... confuse . int . foyer - next donnie walk downstairs . int . family room - next donnie stare at Eddie , asleep in the la-z Boy . int . kitchen - next donnie walk into the kitchen , remove the magic marker from the refrigerator message board . int . foyer - next donnie walk to the front and exit the house . ext . darko house , front yard - next donnie walk down the front walk to the street . ext . neighbourhood STREET - next donnie walk down the street . ext . seventh hole - night ( 1:30 a.m. ) donnie arrive next to the pin and stare off into the distance . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary voice helluva night for a walk ... huh , donnie ? donnie stare off into the distance . voice ( cont 'd ) tonight be very special , donnie . donnie what ? voice I have be watch you . ( beat ) do you believe in God , donnie ? donnie do not answer . he hold he stomach , take deep breath . voice ( cont 'd ) God love he child , donnie . God love you . there ... stand on the seventh hole be a six - foot - tall figure dress in a grotesque bunny suit . donnie stare at the Bunny nervously as a wave of nausea overcome he . bunny my name be Frank . ( beat ) I want you to follow I . donnie why ? frank I be here to save you . ( beat ) the world be come to a end , donnie . donnie do not answer . frank ( cont 'd ) look up in the sky , donnie . he look up into the black night . frank ( cont 'd ) 28 day ... 6 hour ... 42 minute ... 12 second . that be when the world will end . donnie look back at Frank . his expression be a vacant expanse of confusion . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary int . foyer - night Elizabeth come through the front door , lean back against it , close she eye . int . family room - night Eddie darko sleep recline in the la-z Boy . the final note of the Channel 12 National anthem fade away to static . from above ... a thunderous crash . plaster rain from the ceiling ... book fly off the bookshelf as the entire wall - mount collapse to the floor . Eddie jerk awake . int . foyer - next Elizabeth fall back in horror as plaster rain down from around the chandelier ... debris fall in the dining - room doorway . ext . seventh hole - morning ( sunday morning , 10 a.m . ) donnie be curl up , asleep on the green . a golf ball land on the green and roll within inch of he head . a golf cart fill with four older man arrive . Dr. Fisher ( forty - five ) get out first . dr . fisher donnie darko ? ( beat ) Son ? what 's go on here ? Jim cunningham ( forty ) , the man riding shotgun , get out of the cart and walk over . jim cunningham who be it , Don ? dr . fisher Eddie darko 's kid . donnie get up and brushes himself off . on he arm he see something write in black magic marker number .... 28:06:42:12 . donnie stare at the number on he arm , confuse . dr . fisher ( cont 'd ) ( to Jim , kissing he ass ) sorry about this , Jim , just a ... a kid from the neighbourhood . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary DR. fisher ( cont 'd ) ( back to donnie ) so let 's stay off the green at night ok ? Jim cunningham stare at donnie with a friendly grin . donnie sorry , Dr. Fisher . it will not happen again . ext . neighbourhood STREET / darko house - morning ( 11 a.m . ) donnie walk down the street towards he house . a fire engine . two police car . a news van ... all park in front of he house . there be dozen of neighbour in the street surround a barricade . donnie move through the crowd where a Police Officer be stand . donnie hey , I live here ! police officer be you ... donnie darko ? donnie yeah ! the Officer let he through . near the cul - de-sac there be a large caterpillar crane lift something from inside the house . there be firemen roam around . two Police officer be speak with Eddie and Rose . donnie look over at the house . a crane lift a gigantic jet engine over from the house towards a large flatbe truck . firemen kick piece of wood and shingle from the roof . he turn and see he entire family stand there . Eddie be hold samantha . samantha it fall on you room . ext . cul - do - sac - later on two man in suit approach from a black sedan . a police officer direct they to Rose . one of the man remove a badge from he pocket and hold it up for Rose to see . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 10 . man Mrs. darko , my name be Bob garland and this be David coleman . we be with the faa . if you do not mind we would like to speak with you and you husband privately . Elizabeth look over at donnie with a grin . elizabeth ( whisper ) they do not know where it come from . donnie look over in awe as the mammoth engine be now strapped to the flatbe truck . a man in a silver firesuit spray the engine down with water . ext . cul -de - sac - moment later Eddie be signing some document in front of garland at a table that have be set up . another faa guy be there . faa man ( point to the document ) and then here as well . Eddie sign off , and garland take the document . garland we have arrange for you to stay ata hotel , get some sleep . we will take care of thing here . Eddie pick samantha up into he arm . he stand with Rose and Elizabeth ... turn towards donnie ... who seem lose in a trance . eddie come on , donnie ... we be go to a hotel . int . holiday inn , room 614 - sundown ( sunday night , 5:30 p.m. ) donnie lie in bed , watch television . Elizabeth be spread out on the other bed . samantha sit on the edge of Elizabeth 's bed , hold a stuff unicorn name Ariel samantha if it fall from a plane , then what happen to the plane ? elizabeth they do not know , samantha . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 11 . samantha be there any way that we can make money from this ? could not we get on television if we sue the airline ? int . holiday inn , room 615 - next Rose and Eddie lie awake in the dark . rose so let I get this straight . no airline will claim ownership of the engine . so we have to wait for the faa to decide who fix my roof . ( beat ) fuck that . we be take the money out of savings . eddie ( quote Rod serling ) you be enter a new dimension of sight and sound ... Rose begin to laugh . int . holiday inn , room 614 - next samantha why do I have to sleep with donnie ? he stink . donnie when you fall asleep tonight , I be gonna fart in you face . samantha ( walk to the door ) I be tell Mom . elizabeth samantha , do not go over there . int . holiday inn , room 615 - later that night eddie frankie feedler . rose what ? eddie frankie feedler . you remember he from high school ? rose ( long beat ) he be a year ahead of we ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 12 . eddie he die , remember ? on the way to the prom . ( beat ) he be doom . Rose lie there silently . eddie ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ . they could have say the same thing about donnie . we donnie . ( beat ) but he dodge it . he dodge he bullet , Rose . Rose roll over to embrace he . eddie ( cont 'd ) that 's my boy . moment later , the door to the adjoin room open . it be samantha . samantha Mom , donnie say he 's gonna fart in my face . title card : october 3 1988 ext . bus stop - morning ( monday morning , 7 a.m. ) Rose drop donnie and samantha off at the corner . rose Ms. Farmer will pick you up from recital . bye , now . she pull of in the Taurus . already wait at the bus stop be joanie James ( eleven ) also cherita chen ( fifteen ) samantha hi , cherita . cherita chut up . also there be donnie 's two best friend , Sean Smith ( sixteen ) and Ronald Fisher ( fifteen ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 13 . ronald ( raise he hand in victory ) darko cheat death ! man ... you be famous ! I call you , like , a jillion time last night ! donnie we go to a hotel . ronald my dad say he find you on the golf course . be you sleepwalk again ? donnie I do not wanna talk about it . sean now that you be famous , you gotta have a smoke . Sean hand donnie a marlboro Red and he take it , look over at samantha and joanie . donnie what happen if you tell Mom and dad about this , samantha ? samantha you will put Ariel in the garbage disposal . joanie so ... grody . Sean , Ronald and donnie light up . Ronald be the most amateur - look . sean hey , cherita ... want a cigarette ? cherita chut up . ronald ( mimick ) chut up ! sean go back to China , bitch ! donnie leave she alone , man . cherita look over at donnie ... she quiet devastation poorly hide . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 14 . ext . / int . middlesex ridge school - morning ( 8 a.m . ) the follow montage be three long steadicam shot in the main school hallway and courtyard . we follow donnie and he friend as they pour out of the back of the emergency exit of the school bus to ' head over heel ' by tear for fear . we pick up teacher Karen pomeroy ( twenty -seven ) and Dr. Kenneth monnitoff ( thirty ) and Kitty Farmer ( forty -two ) , with Jim cunningham , as they make they way through the hallway . swarm of girl surround donnie as he make he way to he locker . there be a huge smile on he face . we reveal gretchen Ross ( fifteen ) ... we see principal Cole ( thirty -eight ) and then samantha 's dance team ( sparkle motion ) practise they routine in the courtyard . we follow Ms. pomeroy into English class ... then time - lapse dissolve through the doorway ... int . english CLASS - day ( 8:30 a.m . ) Ms. pomeroy have be read from " the destructor " by Graham greene . ms . pomeroy " there would be headline in the papers . even the grow - up gang who run the betting at the all - in wrestle and the barrow - boy would hear with respect how Old misery 's house have be destroy . it be as though he plan have be with he all he life , ponder through the season , now in he fifteenth year crystallise with the pain of puberty . " donnie sit in the front . ms. pomeroy ( cont 'd ) what be Graham greene try to communicate in this passage ? why do the child break into Old misery 's house ? joanie James raise she hand . ms . pomeroy ( cont 'd ) joanie . joanie they want to rob he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 15 . ms . pomeroy joanie , if you have actually read the short story ... which , at a whopping thirteen page must have keep you up all night , you would know that the child find a great deal of money hide in a mattress . but they burn it . the class give a " awwww . " joanie blushes . ms . pomeroy ( cont 'd ) donnie darko , perhaps , give you recent brush with mass destruction , you can give we you opinion ? donnie well ... they say it right when they be rip the place to shred . when they flood the house . that like ... destruction be a form of creation . so the fact that they burn the money be ... ironic . they just want to see what happen when they tear the world apart . ( beat ) they want to change thing . gretchen Ross stand at the doorway to the classroom . ms . pomeroy May we help you ? gretchen I just register , and I think they put I in the wrong English class . Ms. pomeroy study she . ms . pomeroy you look like you belong here . gretchen umm , where do I sit ? Ms. pomeroy think for a moment . there be several empty chair . ms . pomeroy sit next to the boy you think be the cutest . Girls , get up . the whole class begin to freak out . the girl all get out of they seat ... eat this up . Ronald fix he hair . ms . pomeroy ( cont 'd ) quiet ! let she choose . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 16 . without hesitation , gretchen scan the class for every guy . as she gracefully take she seat next to donnie , they make eye contact . donnie grin ear to ear the class freak out laugh . int . taurus - sunset ( monday night , 6 p.m. ) Eddie drive donnie down Old gun Road , a windy back -road that go towards the country . eddie so how be school today ? donnie it be great . we have peanut- butter sandwich and apple and honey at snacktime . and then during show - and - tell , my stuff walrus be a big hit . eddie good lord. ( beat ) so the construction guy say it will take about a week to fix the roof . damn airline better not fuck we on the shingle match . donnie do they know yet ? eddie know what ? donnie where it come from ? eddie no ... apparently they can not tell we what happen yet . something about a match serial number that get burn . ( beat ) but I have to sign a form say I would not talk to anyone about it . donnie so we be not suppose to tell anybody what nobody know ? eddie you tell Dr. thurman whatever you want . suddenly , Eddie slam on the brake and the station wagon come to a sudden stop . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 17. eddie ( cont 'd ) oh , shit ! donnie grandma death . stand in the road directly in front of the car be roberta sparrow ( 101 year old , a.k.a. grandma death ) grandma death life in a modest brick house that sit back in a huge grassy field that overlook the entire town . her mailbox sit on the edge of Old gun Road . ext . old gun road - next donnie get out of the car and take grandma death 's hand , walk she back towards she mailbox . he open it for she . donnie no mail today . ( smile ) maybe tomorrow . grandma death smile back at he ... and begin to walk slowly back to she house . she then turn and take donnie 's hand into she frail grip . grandma death ( speak slowly ) every live creature ... on this earth ... ( beat ) ... die alone . donnie stand there silently for a moment , and then grandma death turn back towards she house . ext . dr . thurman' ranch - sunset we see a large colonial rancher in the distance . int . therapist's office - evening Dr. lilian thurman ( fifty -eight ) be a beautiful older woman . dr . thurman you mother say that you have be skip cycle of you medication . donnie I have be take it . I just like to make she feel guilty for all of this . you know , abuse she . psychologically . dr . thurman all of this ... certainly be not you mother 's fault , Donald . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 18. he be quiet for a moment . donnie so , I meet a new friend . dr . thurman would you like to talk about this friend ? donnie his name be Frank . dr . thurman Frank . donnie I think he save my life . dr . thurman how so ? donnie do not you watch the news ? dr . thurman I do not own a television . donnie a jet engine fall on my house .. land on my bed . while I be talk to Frank on the golf course . Dr. thurman look at he for a long beat , analysing whether or not he be tell she the truth . donnie ( cont 'd ) I be not kid . concerned , Dr. thurman lean in closer . dr . thurman Frank ... instruct you ... to get out of bed ... just before this happen . donnie he say to follow he . dr . thurman follow he where ? donnie into the future . ( beat ) then he say that the world be come to a end . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 19 . he rub he arm , where the number be still lightly draw . dr . thurman do you believe that the world be come to a end ? donnie ( long beat ) no. ( beat ) that 's stupid . int . middlesex ridge school - hallway in the empty school hallway ... a gigantic tidal wave form in the distance and come crash towards we between the locker . int . family room - night ( early tuesday morning , 2 a.m . ) donnie lie on the couch ... fast asleep . his eye slowly open . there , stand in the corner of the room in the shadow be Frank . frank wake up , donnie . int . middlesex ridge school - night in the dark school hallway , donnie round the corner with a flashlight , a can of spray paint , and a axe . Frank stand in the same hallway where the tidal wave crash . int . school basement - next donnie shine the flashlight through the basement . he approach some old piping . donnie put the axe back over he shoulder and then lower it fiercely . the smash of metal against metal echoe through the huge room . title card : october 4 1988 ext . bus stop - morning ( 7:45 a.m. ) the same group stand and wait for the bus . the guy smoke . cherita stand alone . samantha be read something to joanie . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 20. samantha ( read ) " and then the prince be lead into a world of strange and beautiful magic . " joanie wow . donnie grab the piece of paper from he sister donnie ( read out loud ) " the last unicorn ! " by samantha darko samantha donnie ! give it back ! he push she away . samantha ( cont 'd ) you be wrinkling it ! sean hey , it 's 7:45 . the bus shoulda be here , like , twenty minute ago . ronald maybe martha moo finally go nut and hijacked the bus . sean ( excited ) you know , there 's , like , this rule . we get to go home at 7:55 . ronald there 's no rule ! sean fuck yeah there be ! if the bus do not show up in thirty minute , you be suppose to go straight home . donnie yeah ... he 's right . because if we keep wait , some guy in a van might pull up and try to molest we . and then we parent could sue the school board . everyone start to get excited ... look down the road to see if the bus be come . Sean 's watch hit 7:55 . no bus . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 21. sean all right ! 7:55 . everybody go home . ronald let 's go to donnie 's house . his parent be both at work . the three guy begin walk . donnie come on , Sam , you can call joanie 's mom from home . the two girl follow they . cherita stand at the corner . donnie ( cont 'd ) hey , cherita ... you should go home . sean yeah , if you be still here and the bus come , we will get in trouble . cherita chut up . sean hey , porky pig . I hope you get molest ! suddenly , Emily bate ( ten ) and susie bate ( eight ) run up to the bus stop . emily hey ! we mom say that school be cancel today because it 's flood ! joanie no ... way . a horrible expression appear on donnie 's face . int . middlesex ridge school - morning a janitor name leroy ( fifty - five ) stand at the end of the hall with principal Cole . Water rush past they foot down the step . leroy I get twelve classroom full of water all come from a bust water main . principal cole what else ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 22 . leroy what else ? shit , principal Cole you be not gonna believe what else . ext . back courtyard - morning they stand before the bronze middlesex mongrel . spray-paint on the concrete before it be the phrase : they made I do it . there be papers strewn everywhere . embed in the head of the mongrel be a axe . principal cole Christ . be that a axe ? leroy yep . principal cole how do this happen ? leroy ( beat ) I guess they make he do it . leroy can not help himself . he have to laugh . principal cole you be fire . principal Cole walk off . ext . bus stop 2 - early morning ( 8:15 a.m. ) donnie , Sean , Ronald , samantha and joanie , Emily and susie walk from they bus stop . ronald School 's close ! everybody go home ! emily nu-huh . samantha yeah-huh . a cat burglar break he and trash everything . susie talk with Emily . joanie and samantha listen in . emily Mom say that the boy ' locker room look like a swim pool ... and that they find faece everywhere . susie what be faece ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 23. emily baby mouse . susie aww . joanie oh my God , that be so grody . ext . bus stop 3 - next Sean look down to another bus stop down the street . sean School 's cancel ! a bunch of young kid scream out ... jump up and down . ext . bus stop 4 - next donnie approach another corner alone . ricky danforth ( seventeen ) and Seth Devlin ( eighteen ) stand with gretchen . seth ( smoking a cigarette ) have anyone ever tell you that you be sexy ? ricky I like you boob . gretchen look at they with disgust . donnie walk into the group . donnie hey ... gretchen hey ... donnie School 's cancel . they look at one another , surprised . gretchen ( to donnie ) wanna walk I home ? donnie sure . they quickly begin to walk off . Seth and ricky look off at they , furious . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 24. gretchen do not look so freak . donnie I be not . but you should check you backpack ' cause that guy like to steal shit . gretchen fuck they . gretchen smile at donnie , and then turn back and give they the middle finger . ext . neighbourhood STREET - next ( 8:30 a.m. ) donnie and gretchen walk along the sidewalk together . donnie so ... you just move here ? gretchen yeah . my parent get divorced . my mom have a restrain order against my stepdad . ( beat ) he have ... emotional problem . donnie oh , I ... have that too . ( beat ) what kind of problem do you dad have ? gretchen ( long beat ) he stab my mom four time in the chest . donnie be shocked . donnie wow . do he go to jail ? gretchen he fle . they still can not find he . ( beat ) my mom and I have to change we name and stuff . I think gretchen sound kind of cool . donnie I be sorry . I be in jail once . ( beat ) I accidentally burn down this house . it be abandon . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 25. donnie ( cont 'd ) I get hold back in school again . can not drive until I be eighteen . ( babbling ) I think when I grow up I want to be a painter . or maybe a writer or maybe both . then I will write a book and draw the illustration like a comic book . you know , change thing . gretchen donnie darko be a cool name . sound like a superhero . donnie what make you think I be not ? gretchen smile . she look over at she house . gretchen I should go . for physics . monnitoff say I have to write a essay on the great invention ever to benefit mankind . donnie that 's easy . antiseptics . she give he a look . donnie ( cont 'd ) I mean , the whole sanitation thing . Joseph lister ... 1895 . before antiseptic there be no sanitation especially in medicine . gretchen you mean soap ? donnie do not knock soap . without it , disease would spread rapidly . if we run out ... you and I would never live to see the year 2000 . gretchen wonder where we will be then . donnie the best thing about soap be that it 's the only thing on earth that can never get dirty . no matter what crap you throw on it ... it always rub off . and there it be again ... perfect . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 26. gretchen until it wither away . she stare at he for a moment . donnie it 's a good thing the school be flood today . gretchen why be that ? donnie we never would have have this conversation . she smile . gretchen you be weird . donnie I be sorry . gretchen that be a compliment . donnie will you go with I ? gretchen where be we go ? donnie no ... I mean , will you go with I ? that 's like ... what they call it here . go together . gretchen ( beat ) sure . she get up and begin to walk up the hill . donnie where be you go ? gretchen I be go home . title card : october 6 1988 int . therapist's office - evening ( thursday , 6 p.m . ) Dr. thurman sit next to donnie . his eye be close . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 27. dr . thurman and when I clap my hand twice , you will wake up . do you understand ? donnie yes . dr . thurman so , tell I about you day , Donald . donnie I meet a girl . dr . thurman what be she name ? donnie gretchen . we be go together now . dr . thurman do you think a lot about girl ? donnie yes . dr . thurman how be thing go at school ? donnie I think about girl a lot . dr . thurman I ask you about school . donnie I think about .. Fucking a lot during school . dr . thurman what else do you think about during school ? donnie I think ... about ... " who 's the boss ? " dr . thurman who be the boss ? donnie I just turn the volume down and think about fuck alyssa milano . dr . thurman what about you family , donnie ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 28. donnie no , I do not think about fuck my family . that 's sick ! dr . thurman donnie ... I want to hear about you friend Frank . donnie be now undoing he belt . he be no longer pay attention . Dr. thurman quickly clap she hand . donnie jolt awake ... disorient . int . english CLASS - day ( friday , 8:30 a.m. ) donnie sit with he eye wide open , stare at something . police officer ( out of shot ) Aaron armitage ... cherita chen donnie 's face have go white . principal cole Donald darko . we reveal on the blackboard the phrase , " they make I do it " , write over and over again . we reveal two Police officer stand next to principal Cole in the corner of the classroom . donnie get up and walk over to the board and write the phrase . he then sit down again without hesitation . the Police Officer hesitates for a moment , linger over donnie 's penmanship . he then place a ' ? ' next to donnie 's name on the roster . Ms. pomeroy make eye-contact with he . int . health CLASS - afternoon ( friday , 1 p.m. ) we pull back from a television : a cloud formation blow across the screen revealing a logo that read : cunning vision production . a series of interview follow .. infomercial style . linda connie and what I realise be that my entire life I be a victim of my own fear . I be feeding fear with food ... and finally ... I look in the mirror . not just in the mirror . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 29 . linda connie ( cont 'd ) I look through the mirror . and in that image I see my ego reflection . donnie 's health class be assemble in uniform row in front of a television cart . Ms. Farmer pace in front of they . shanda riesman ( with she arm around she geeky son ) ... and for two year I think it be normal for a fifteen - year - old to wet the bed . laughter from the student . ms . farmer quiet ! shanda riesman ( choke up ) we try everything . but the solution be there ... all along . larry riesman ( burst out emotionally ) I be not afraid anymore ! a montage of " family " imagery follow . narrator all across America ... people have come together to join hand . people who believe that human life be too important ... too valuable to be control by fear . a middle - age man walk out onto a country patio . it be Jim cunningham ... the guy from the golf course . jim cunningham hello . my name be Jim cunningham . and welcome to " control fear " . the title controlling fear appear on the screen ... follow by part one : attitudinal belief . frank ( v.0 . ) pay close attention , you could miss something . donnie stare at the screen ... at Jim cunningham . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 30 . ext . old gun ruins - afternoon ( friday magic hour , 4:30 p.m. ) the ruin of a brick chimney sit in the middle of a field . donnie , Sean and Ronald have line up several empty beer bottle , can and stuff animal on the hearth . they take turn blast this target with a bb gun . blam ! a can fall over . Ronald hand the gun to donnie . Sean pull out a bottle of raspberry night train and take a sip . he hand the bottle to Ronald . ronald what be this shit ? sean raspberry . he take a big sip ... which result in a dry heave . ronald raspberry . that 's good shit . donnie aim the crosshair on smurfette 's head . he pull the trigger . smurfette fall over ronald ( cont 'd ) wick . sean no more fuckin ' for she . ronald smurfette do not fuck . sean bullshit . smurfette fuck all the other smurf . that 's why papa smurf make she , ‘cause the other smurf be get too horny . ronald not vanity . he 's a homo . blam ! a bottle shatter . sean then she fuck them all while vanity watch . and papa smurf film it . Ronald take another sip of night train ... follow by another dry heave . blam ! a bottle break . donnie first of all ... papa smurf do not create smurfette . gargamel do . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 31. donnie ( cont 'd ) she be send in as gargemel 's evil spy , with the intention of destroy the smurf village . but the overwhelming goodness of the smurf way of life transformed she into the smurfette we all know and love . and as for the whole gang - bang scenario ... it just could not happen . smurf be asexual . they probably do not even have reproductive organ down there under that little white pants . the only reason they exist be because of Magic spell and witchcraft ... which be all a bunch of bullshit if you ask I . ( beat ) that 's what 's so illogical about the smurf ... what 's the point of live if you do not have a dick ? donnie aim the gun ... pull the trigger . blam ! a bottle break . ronald dammit , donnie ! why do you always gotta get all smart on we ! donnie take the bottle of night train and take a small sip . they conversation be interrupt by the squealing of tyre ext . old gun road - next ( magic hour , 5 p.m. ) down the hill , a dodge minivan be stop on Old gun Road . grandma death be once again in the middle of the street . donnie grandma death . Ms. farmer lean she head out of the window . ms . farmer Excuse I ! grandma death do not hear she . she wander around in circle . furious , Ms. Farmer get out of the car and walk over to the old woman , walk she by the shoulder back to she driveway . ms . farmer ( cont 'd ) please stay out of the road , Ms. sparrow . if this happen again , I be go to call social service . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 32 . Ms. Farmer get back behind the wheel and they drive off . grandma death lurk around she mailbox . ronald how old be grandma death ? donnie a hundred and one , I think . every day she do the same thing . but there 's never any mail . grandma death approach the mailbox . sean here we go ... this could be it . she open it ... then close it . walk away . ronald awwww . that suck . she approach the box again ... sean wait a minute ... we may still have mail ... open it ... close it . walk away . ronald noooo ! they continue to watch she , sip liquor into the sunset , as grandma death repeat this act like a ancient wind - up doll . int . family room - evening ( friday , 7 p.m. ) donnie lie on the couch watch television ... where there be a news story about the flood school . several construction worker be pack up they thing . int . upstair bathroom - moment later ( 7:15 p.m . ) look nauseous , donnie open the medicine cabinet and retrieve he pill . he take four of they . donnie take a drink of water , close he eye . he put the pill back and close the cabinet . in the mirror 's reflection be Frank . donnie jump . frank you get away with it . do not worry . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 33. donnie reach he hand out towards Frank and it press against a invisible wall , as if he be press he hand against liquid glass . donnie how can you do that ? frank I can do anything I want ... and so can you ... donnie stare closely at Frank . he then remove he hand and move back away from he . ext . middlesex school auditorium - evening ( 7:15 p.m. ) a sign read : emergency pta meeting tonight . int . auditorium - evening ( 7:15 p.m . ) Parents and teacher convene in front of the auditorium entrance . Kitty Farmer hand out xerox image of something . Eddie and Rose chit-chat with other concerned parent . Ms. pomeroy approach Kitty Farmer ms. pomeroy what be you try to accomplish here ? ms. farmer ( indignant ) there be urine and faece flood in my office . int . auditorium - later on the crowd settles ... principal Cole take the stage . principal cole in co-operation with the county police , we have begin a active investigation into the cause of the flooding ... and we suspect include several of we own student . Kitty Farmer stand up in she seat near the front row . ms. farmer I want to know why this filth be be teach to we child . the crowd stir . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary principal cole Kitty , I would appreciate ... if you could wait ... ms . farmer Mr. Cole ... not only be I a teacher ... but I be also a parent of a middlesex child . therefore , I be the only person here who transcend the parent - teacher bridge . principal cole Kitty ... ms . farmer the bottom line ... Mr. Cole ... be that there be material be teach to we child that be cause for this destructive behaviour . she stand up . ms . farmer ( cont 'd ) I have in my hand Graham greene 's " the destructor " . this short story be part of my daughter 's English assignment . in this story , several child destroy a elderly man 's house from inside out . they destroy he house without motive , without moral consequence . they destroy private property ... and they get away with it . Ms. pomeroy shake she head bitterly . ms . farmer ( cont 'd ) and how do they do this ? they flood the house ... by break through the water main ! principal cole ( try to calm she ) this meeting of the pta be call to inform the parent of we ongoing investigation ... ms . farmer ( enraged ) I am the pta ! and I say that this filth be directly related to this vandalism . applause from the crowd . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 35 . ms. farmer ( cont 'd ) I think this garbage should be remove . several shout of approval come from the crowd . int . upstair bathroom - evening donnie continue to converse with Frank donnie why do you make I flood the school ? frank we just want to guide you in the right direction . donnie who be ... we ? frank you will know soon enough . donnie ( desperate ) where do you come from ? frank ( beat ) do you believe in time travel , donnie ? a moment of silence . samantha who be you talk to ? donnie turn to see samantha be stand in the doorway . Frank be go . int . auditorium - night a heat debate among the parent be under way . frustrate , Rose stand up . Karen pomeroy be furious . rose Excuse I ... but what be the real issue here ? the pta do not ban book from school . ms . farmer the pta be here to acknowledge that there be pornography in we school 's curriculum . ms . pomeroy ( stand up ) my GOD ... woman , be you drunk ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 36. ms . farmer Excuse I ? you need to go back to grad school . rose ( to Kitty ) do you even know who Graham greene be ? ms. farmer ( to Rose ) I think we have all see " Bonanza " Ms. pomeroy be disgust . Rose and Eddie burst out laugh , grab they coat , and leave . ext . wizard arcade - afternoon ( saturday , 1 p.m. ) donnie and gretchen play a sega race - car drive game . donnie drive a soupe - up red Ferrari through the Grand Canyon . gretchen so when you sleepwalk , can you remember afterward ? like , do you dream ? donnie no . I just wake up and I look around , try to figure out where I be ... how I get there . gretchen my dad say never wake a sleepwalker ... because they could drop dead . the tran - be crash head on into a tree . game over donnie it 's like this big force ... that 's in you brain . but sometimes it grow bigger ... and it spread down into you arm and leg ... and it just send you someplace . gretchen so when you sleepwalk , you go somewhere familiar ? donnie no . every time I wake up somewhere different . sometimes my bike be lay there next to I . like once when I wake up on the edge of this cliff up on carpathian Ridge . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 37. gretchen and you would never be there before ? they sit silently for a moment . gretchen ( cont 'd ) donnie ? donnie yeah ? gretchen do you ever feel as though there 's always someone watch you ? donnie why ? gretchen well ... maybe someone be , like ... give you this dream steroid . and sleepwalk ... be someone show you the way . title card : october 13 1988 int . english CLASS - morning ( thursday , 8 a.m. ) donnie stand in front of the class . Ms. pomeroy sit behind she desk . on the chalkboard be " poetry Day " . donnie " a storm be come , Frank say . a storm that will swallow the child ... and I will deliver they from the kingdom of pain . " ( beat ) " I will deliver the child to they doorstep . I will send the monster back to the underground . I will send they back to a place where no one can see they ... except for I . because I be donnie darko . " donnie return to he seat . Ms. pomeroy stare at he intensely . ms . pomeroy who be Frank ? donnie a six - foot-tall bunny rabbit . the class begin to laugh . donnie look over at gretchen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 38 . int . health CLASS - afternoon ( thursday , 1 p.m. ) Ms. Farmer stand next to the television where Jim cunningham narrate the lifeline tutorial . jim cunningham and so , let we begin lifeline Exercise no . 1. " please PRESS stop now " appear on the screen . Ms. Farmer stop the tape and move to the blackboard . on it , she have draw a horizontal line book - end by the word " Love " and " fear " . ms . farmer as you can see , the lifeline be control by two polar extreme : " fear " and " Love " . fear be in the negative energy spectrum . Love be in the positive energy spectrum . sean ( to donnie ) no duh . ms. farmer Excuse I ? ( defensive ) " no duh " be a product of fear she stare they down for a moment ... shaking she head . ms. farmer ( cont 'd ) ( hand out card ) now , on each card be a character dilemma which apply to the lifeline . please read each character dilemma aloud ... and place a X on the lifeline in the appropriate place . the student read they card . kitty farmer we will start in the front . cherita chen stand up and walk over to the blackboard . Ms. Farmer pull up large white card that have black - and - white animated cartoon on they . cherita juanita have a important math test today . she have know about the test for several week , but have not study . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 39 . cherita ( cont 'd ) in order to keep from fail she class , juanita decide that she will cheat on the math test . cherita place a X near the " fear " end of the lifeline . ms . farmer good. next . donnie watch as several more student interpret they respective human dilemma . finally ... it be he turn . donnie ling ling find a wallet on the ground fill with money . she take the wallet to the address on the driver 's license but keep the money inside the wallet . donnie look at the blackboard . donnie ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Ms. Farmer , I just do not get this . ms. farmer ( impatient ) just place a X in the appropriate place on the lifeline . donnie I just do not get this . everything can not be lumped into two category . that 's too simple . ms . farmer the lifeline be divide that way . donnie well , life be not that simple . so what if ling ling keep the cash and return the wallet ? that have nothing to do with either fear or love . ms. farmer ( impatient ) fear and love be the deep of human emotion . donnie well , yeah ... ok , but you be not listen to I . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 40. donnie ( cont 'd ) there be other thing that need to be take into account here . like the whole spectrum of human emotion . you be just lumping everything into this two category ... and , like , deny everything else . Ms. Farmer stare at donnie vehemently . she can not believe what she 's hearing . donnie ( cont 'd ) people be not that simple . ms . farmer ( not know how to argue with he ) if you do not complete the assignment , you will get a zero for the day . donnie think for a moment ... and then raise he hand . int . principal cole's office - afternoon ( 2 p.m. ) donnie and he parent sit in front of principal Cole . principal cole Donald ... let I preface this by say that you Iowa score be ... ( look down at the file ) ... intimidating . ( rub he temple ) so ... let 's go over this again . what exactly do you say to Ms. Farmer ? donnie do not answer . we reveal Ms. Farmer stand in the corner . ms . farmer ( furious ) he ask I to ... forcibly insert the lifeline exercise card into my anus . silence . Rose look down , furious . Eddie let out a snort laugh which he try to conceal with a cough . it do not work . int . teachers ' lounge / office - moment later ( 2:15 p.m. ) Eddie and donnie exit Cole 's office , move on while Rose approach Kitty , who look visibly shake . rose Kitty , I do not know what to say . they have suspend he for two day . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 41. rose ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) ever since this jet fiasco , I honestly do not know what have get into he . ms . farmer Rose , I will tell you this because we daughter have be on dance team together for two year and I respect you as woman . but after witness you son 's behaviour today , I have ... significant doubt ... ( stop herself ) we path through life must be righteous . I urge you to go home and look in the mirror and pray that you son do not succumb to the path of fear . Kitty Farmer turn and walk away . ext . darko backyard / patio - sunset ( magic hour , 5:30 p.m. ) samantha jump up and down on the trampoline . int . donnie' room - night ( 5:30 p.m. ) donnie walk into he room again for the first time since the accident , look around at the new furniture , paint and carpet . everything be perfect . Elizabeth appear in the doorway behind he with a cordless phone in she hand . elizabeth ( into the phone ) oh my God , remember that gym teacher Ms. Farmer ? ( beat ) yeah . well , I guess my brother call she a fat bitch today in class and get suspend . and my parent just buy he all of this new shit . ( beat ) yeah , I know . I wish a jet engine would have fall on my room . int . marino' italian bistro - night ( 6 p.m. ) Eddie and Rose sit across from one another at the bistro patio ... have a quiet dinner to themselves . rose he 's too old to be behave this way . Eddie consider this . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 42. eddie oh , I say we buy he a mope . int . donnie be rom - night ( 7 p.m. ) donnie lie in bed ... look up at the ceiling . he then roll over and look at the calendar on he wall . the day of the month of October be mark off with a X in each square . tack onto the calendar be a draw of Frank . donnie 28 day , 6 hour , 42 minute , 12 second . int . physics CLASS - day ( friday , 2:30 p.m. ) as everyone be leave class , donnie stay behind . donnie Dr. monnitoff ? dr . monnitoff donnie . donnie I know that this be gonna sound kinda weird ... but do you know anything about time travel ? Dr. monnitoff pause , turn and look at donnie . he seem to know something . int . physics CLASS - later on Dr. monnitoff have draw a diagram on the blackboard . in he hand he hold a copy of Stephen hawking 's " a brief History of time " . dr . monnitoff so ... accord to hawking ... wormhole might be able to provide a shot cut for jump between two distant region of space- time . donnie so ... in order to travel back in time , you would have to have a big spaceship or something that can travel faster than the speed of light -- dr . monnitoff theoretically . donnie -- and be able to find one of this wormhole . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 43. dr . monnitoff a wormhole with a einstein-rosen bridge , which be , theoretically ... a wormhole in space control by man . donnie so ... that 's it ? dr . monnitoff the basic principle of time travel be there . ( beat ) so you have the vessel and the portal . and the vessel can be anything . most likely a spacecraft . ext . school courtyard - next cherita chen listen to this conversation intently . int . physics CLASS - next donnie like a delorean . dr . monnitoff ( smile ) a metal craft of any kind . donnie stare at he intently . Dr. monnitoff walk over to he desk and pick up a book . dr . monnitoff ( cont 'd ) do not tell anybody that I give you this . ( beat ) the woman who write it ... use to teach here a long time ago . she be a nun for many year and then overnight she just become this entirely different person . she up and leave the Church , write this book and start teach science . donnie take the batter book ... we see the cover . int . school MAIN hallway - moment later donnie stand before a array of old photograph . we zoom in to a black - and - white photograph of a young Robert sparrow stand in a class photograph date 1944 . donnie look down at the book , and then at the photograph . donnie roberta sparrow ... grandma death . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 44 . int . kitchen - night ( friday , 6 p.m. ) donnie sit down for dinner with he family . donnie it 's call " the philosophy of time Travel " . elizabeth what do time travel have to do with philosophy ? donnie guess who write it ? no one seem to know . donnie ( cont 'd ) grandma death . rose that be a terrible nickname . eddie grandma death . donnie ( to Eddie ) you know , roberta sparrow . we almost hit she with the car the other day . rose I have hear she 's load . the family be take aback . eddie you be right . roberta sparrow be famous for she gem collection . kid use to try and steal stuff from she all the time . over the year ... as she get older , she become more and more of a recluse ... now she just like to stay up there all by herself . donnie I guess she just lose faith in the world . ext . darko backyard - sunset ( saturday , 5:30 p.m . ) slow motion . donnie and gretchen jump up and down on the trampoline , lose among fall autumn leave . int . therapist's office - day ( sunday , 12 p.m . ) donnie be back on Dr. thurman 's couch . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 45 . dr . thurman how many time have you see Frank ? donnie four time ... so far . dr . thurman can anyone else see he ? donnie I do not think so . it 's like a tv station . and they be tune into mine and no one else 's . dr . thurman who be they ? be Frank part of some larger group ? donnie I do not know . gretchen have a theory . that Frank be a sign . I tell she I think it be ridiculous . dr . thurman a sign from whom ? donnie ( change the subject ) I think that Frank want I to go to this woman . ( hold up the book ) she write a book about time travel . Frank ask I if I believe in time travel . that can not just be a random coincidence . ( beat ) my dad almost hit she with the car the other day , and she say the creepiest thing . she say that every live creature on this earth die alone . dr . thurman how do that make you feel ? donnie it remind I of my dog callie . dr . thurman be callie still around ? donnie no . she die when I be eight . we could not find she for day . she go and crawle underneath we back porch ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 46. dr . thurman do you feel alone right now ? he look at she for a moment . donnie I would like to believe that I be not ... but I have just never see any proof . so I just choose not to bother with it . it 's , like , I could spend my whole life think about it ... debate it in my head . weigh the pro and con . and in the end , I still would not have any proof . so ... I do not even debate it any more . because it 's absurd . ( beat ) I do not want to be alone . ( beat ) so , do that make I , like , a atheist ? dr . thurman no . that make you keep search . donnie take this in for a moment . int . family room - evening ( sunday , 7:15 p.m. ) Eddie and Dr. Fisher watch the redskin game . Ronald and donnie watch the game in the family room . eddie ahh ... we need theisman . dr . fisher we need a miracle . int . kitchen - next Rose and Anne Fisher ( forty - five ) share a bottle of wine at the kitchen table . anne and so , he tape make I realise that for forty - five year I have be a a prisoner of fear . Rose , you have to meet Jim cunningham . ( take a sip of wine ) I can not believe he 's not marry . samantha bounce through the kitchen and into the family room , wear a dorothy outfit from " the wizard of 0z " . int . family room - next donnie sit back in the la-z Boy , doze off ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 47. John madden 's CBS chalkboard unfold on the tv screen . madden trace he electronic line across the screen , trace the movement of the player ... as they image be freeze in time . donnie 's eye close ... and then re-open . donnie turn he head and see that the room be momentarily bath in artificial white light , as if God hit the slow - motion button during a flash of lightning . donnie turn he head and see that protrude from he father 's stomach ... be a thick spear make of silvery plastic gel . as Eddie get up from the couch to walk over to the refrigerator ...his spear precede he ... morph into a extrude arrow that reach the refrigerator several second before he . the spear trace the exact geography of he movement through time ... use he centre of gravity as its axis point . donnie turn and see samantha skip from the kitchen ... as she spear bounce several foot in front of she like a caterpillar . her spear ... smaller than she father 's ... be proportional to she mass . samantha ( she voice echoing through the silence ) follow the yellow brick road ... donnie look down at he stomach and see he own spear protrude outward . it then begin to extrude forward towards the foyer . he do not follow it . it then retreat back in and beckon he to follow . like a child transfix by a firefly ... donnie follow the path of he spear into the foyer . int . foyer / upstair hallway - nxt donnie and he spear round the corner and arrive in he parent ' bedroom . int . master bedroom - night his spear lead he to the closet . he open the closet door ... and the spear lead he down to a box hide beneath he father 's shoe rack . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 48. donnie remove the box from the closet and unlatch it . Inside be a gun . donnie remove the pistol from the box ... stare at it with the same childlike expression . suddenly ... donnie 's universe snap back to normal . the white light strobe ... the spear have vanish . donnie still hold the gun . his expression change to nervous shock . his eye linger over the gun for a moment , he then quickly put it back in the box ... and carefully place the box back under the shoe rack . title card : october 18 1988 ext . bus stop - morning ( tuesday , 7:30 a.m. ) the usual bus stop crew be there . donnie arrive last ... by himself . he look tired and preoccupy . a plane fly overhead ... they all look up at the sky . int . english CLASS - morning ( 8:30 a.m . ) we see the student place the Graham greene book on Ms. pomeroy 's desk . ms . pomeroy it give I no pleasure to deny you the right to read one of the great writer of the twentieth century . but ... ala , I have not yet be elect Queen of the Universe . and until that day , I will be force to obey the rule ... and so will you . so ... if anyone be find carry this book in school , they will be suspend . donnie slip he book into he backpack ms . pomeroy ( cont 'd ) but let 's not worry . someone have already pre-order several dozen copy at sarasota mall Waldenbook . now , in Mr. greene 's absence , we will be read another classic . Richard Adams ' " watership down " . she begin to hand out copy of the paperback novel . Beth Farmer smile when she see the cover beth awww . bunny . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 49 . ms . pomeroy ( whisper in he ear ) donnie , maybe you and Frank can read this one together . int . school bathroom - midday ( 11:30 a.m. ) donnie walk along the edge of the school . suddenly , a figure approach , grab he from behind , place a switchblade next to he throat . it be Seth Devlin . seth do you tell they that I flood the school ? donnie I do not say shit . seth that 's not what I hear . now they think I do it . donnie well , if you be innocent , then you have nothing to worry about . seth you know what ? I think that you do it . Seth take the knife and poke the tip softly into the flesh of donnie 's neck , draw a small amount of blood . he push donnie away . donnie touch he neck in shock . int . physics CLASS - day ( 2:30 p.m . ) donnie walk into the classroom and take he seat next to gretchen . he be sweat profusely . Dr. monnitoff be hand out papers . the bell ring people shuffle out . dr . monnitoff do not forget tomorrow we will be meeting with we partner for the Young inventor Fair . donnie rub he finger over he neck wound . gretchen what happen to you neck ? donnie I do not want to talk about it . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 50. donnie ( cont 'd ) ( change the subject ) so what happen to you neck ? ext . golf course forest - that afternoon ( 3 p.m. ) donnie and gretchen walk around the trail . gretchen be you ever afraid of the dark ? they pull over to a stop . donnie why ? she think for a moment . gretchen Babies cry because they be afraid of the dark . and because they have no memory ... for all they know ... every night could be the last forever like , perpetual darkness . donnie why not just buy you baby a night light ? gretchen that 's not good enough . you have get to go back in time and take all that hour of darkness and pain and replace they ... with whatever you want . donnie with , like , image ? gretchen like ... a Hawaiian sunset ... the Grand Canyon . thing that remind you how beautiful the world can be . donnie stop and take gretchen 's hand . donnie you know ... we have be go together for a week and a half ... gretchen and what ? donnie well ... gretchen you want to kiss I ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 51. donnie go in for a awkward kiss ... but gretchen turn and deny he . donnie turn away , embarrassed . donnie that 's alright ... I understand . gretchen ( embarrassed ) no ... donnie , wait . I have never ... donnie I always want it to be at a time when ... when it remind you how beautiful the world can be . gretchen yeah . and right now there 's some fat guy over there watch we . a man in a red jogging suit be stand there in the forest smoking a cigarette . he turn away ... disappear into the wood . ext . neighbourhood STREET - later that afternoon ( 4 p.m. ) donnie ride along the sidewalk ... and skid to a stop , see a wallet lie there . donnie open the wallet , look at the id . it read : jim cunningham 42 powderham drive middlesex , VA 23113 frank ( v.0 . ) ( echoing in donnie 's head ) now you know where he life . donnie look over and see that he be in front of cunningham 's tudor mansion . int . kitchen - evening ( 7:15 p.m. ) donnie sit at the kitchen island with Elizabeth , carve a pumpkin . elizabeth so I hear you have a girlfriend . donnie yeah . elizabeth what 's she name ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 52. donnie you be not gonna tell Mom , be you ? elizabeth ( defensive ) why would I tell Mom ? donnie because you tell Mom everything . elizabeth no I do not . ( long beat ) she worry about you . donnie well , do not worry ... I be take my medication . elizabeth it 's not that . I mean mouth off to you teacher . I will admit ... when dad tell I what you say to Ms. Farmer , I laugh my ass off . donnie I be just be honest . elizabeth yeah ... well , that 's not the way the world work . if you keep be too honest , the world will eventually find a way to destroy you . donnie her name be gretchen . elizabeth that 's a nice name . ( beat ) ok , let I see it . donnie turn the carve jack o' lantern around and we see that it look remarkably like Frank . int . therapist's office - night ( 8 p.m. ) Rose and Eddie sit in front of Dr. thurman . rose thank you for see we ... we ... just feel that it be time to discuss ... DR. thurman what I think be go on with you son . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 53. rose well , you know about he past . and when you say to look for sign of aggression ... he be recently suspend from school for insulting he gym teacher . eddie she deserve it . dr . thurman Rose ... let I just lay out what I believe be happen here . donnie 's aggressive behaviour seem to stem from he increase detachment from reality . his inability to cope with the force in the world that he perceive to be threaten . Rose smile nervously . dr . thurman ( cont 'd ) have you son ever tell you about Frank ? rose come again ? dr . thurman Frank ... the giant bunny rabbit ? rose Frank ? dr . thurman donnie be experience what be commonly call a daylight hallucination . rose you be tell I my son have a imaginary friend ? dr . thurman he have describe lengthy conversation ... physical encounter with what I believe to be a manifestation of he subconscious mind . Rose look over at Eddie with a expression of panic . rose I ... what can we do ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 54. dr . thurman I would like to put he through more hypnotherapy ... and increase he medication . Eddie look at Rose ... who nod in approval . rose if that 's what you think be necessary . dr . thurman but let I remind you that this treatment be ... experimental . int . kitchen - night donnie walk into the kitchen and remove a butcher 's knife from a drawer . int . upstair bathroom - night donnie stand in front of the bathroom mirror ... catatonic ... look at he reflection . Frank stand behind he . suddenly , donnie turn around with the butcher 's knife and lunge at Frank with all of he weight . the knife collide with Frank 's invisible force field as if it be liquid steel . donnie lunge repeatedly at Frank with psychotic rage ... but the knife bounce off . title card : october 20 1988 int . school auditorium - morning ( 10 a.m . ) the auditorium be pack with middlesex mongrel . Jim cunningham take the stage . jim cunningham ( shouting ) good morning , mongrel ! audience ( scattered voice ) good morning ... jim cunningham that 's all the gusta you can musta ? I say , " good morning ! " audience ( yell louder ) good morning ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 55 . jim cunningham now that 's better ... but I still sense some student out there ... who be afraid ... just to say good morning ! audience ( scream ) good morning ! jim cunningham be you afraid ? audience ( scream louder ) good morning ! jim cunningham now that 's what I like to hear ( suddenly serious ) because too many young man and woman today be paralyse by they fear . they give in to they feeling of self - doubt ... they surrender they body to the temptation of drug , alcohol and premarital sex . empty solution . this be toxic chemical ... and disease - spread behaviour . a large screen lower behind he . jim cunningham ( cont 'd ) I would like to tell you a story today about a young man whose life be destroy by the instrument of fear . a young man search for love ... in all the wrong place . ( shaking he head tragically ) his name be Frank . on the giant screen , a image slide appear of a young cartoon teenager whose eye be whacked out on drug . the title appear : he name be frank . upon hearing the name Frank , donnie fall into a paranoid trance . gretchen , who look extremely bored , lean over to donnie . gretchen let 's get out of here . donnie ignore she . his eye be lock on Jim cunningham , who begin he rouse re-enactment of the sad , unfortunate downfall of Frank . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 56. within minute , Jim cunningham have the crowd laugh ... enamoure of he with he cartoon slide show . note : during this sequence , the camera speed ramp to 4 bps int . school auditorium - next ( 10:30 a.m. ) donnie be in a trance . donnie we be move through time . gretchen what ? the huge screen rise upwards and Jim cunningham take question from the crowd from portable mike stand in the back of the auditorium . several student get up and go to the mike . dorky girl hi. um ... my stepsister ... like ... I sometimes worry that she eat too much . overweight girl ( mortify ; yell at she sister from the crowd ) shut up , Kim ! dorky girl I be just try to help you ! jim cunningham there 's no need to be embarrassed . many time we eat because we be afraid to face the reality of we ego reflection . we should not just look into the mirror . we should look through the mirror . dorky girl thanks . Kitty Farmer run out onto the stage and hand Jim cunningham a bottle of water and a towel . she give he the thumb - up sign , and run back offstage . lanky kid um ... how can I decide what I want to be when I grow up ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 57. jim cunningham I think you should look deep within yourself ... deep within you heart ... and find what it be in the world that make you feel love . just pure love . and then go to that . in you study ... in you athletics ... go towards love . lanky kid thank you . donnie get up from he seat and go to the mike . larry riesman what can I do to learn how to fight ? jim cunningham violence be a product of fear . that who love themselves enough should have no need to fight another person . learn to truly love yourself ... and the world will be yours . larry riesman okay . donnie step up to the mike stand . donnie ( furious ) how much be they pay you to be here ? jim cunningham Excuse I ? what 's you name , son ? donnie Gerald . jim cunningham well , Gerald , I think you be afraid . donnie well , Jim , I think you be full of shit ! there be rumbling from the faculty . some laughter from the student body . donnie ( cont 'd ) be you tell we this crap because you want we to buy you book ? because I will tell you something , that be some of the worst advice I have ever hear ! ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 58. donnie ( cont 'd ) ( to dorky girl ) if you want you sister to lose weight ... tell she to get off the couch , stop eat twinkies ... and maybe go out for field hockey . ( to lanky kid ) you be never gonna know what you want to be when you grow up . most of the time , nobody do . how about you , Jim ? ( to Larry ) and you ... sick of some jerk shove you head in a toilet ? then go lift some weight ... take a karate lesson . and when he try to do it again ... kick he in the ball . more rumbling from the faculty ... laughter from the student get louder . jim cunningham ( get angry ) I think you be afraid to ask I for advice . I think that you be a very troubled ... confuse young man . I think you be search for answer in all the wrong place . donnie ( long beat ) well , I think you be the fuck anti-christ . the crowd be stir . student break out into applause . principal Cole approach donnie and remove he from the auditorium . gretchen watch he go with a smile . ext . old gun road - afternoon ( 3:30 p.m. ) donnie and gretchen walk down the wood road . donnie ( mumble ) they suspend I for two day . gretchen ( stop ) be you okay ? donnie ( long beat ) I have be see stuff ... a lot of really mess - up stuff . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 59 . donnie ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) do you know who grandma death be ? gretchen who ? donnie the old crazy woman who life off Old gun Road . donnie take out the book by roberta sparrow . gretchen oh , yeah . ( take the book ) " the philosophy of time Travel " . what be this ? donnie she write it . ( beat ) there be chapter in this book that describe the stuff I have be see . it can not just be a coincidence . ( beat ) will you come see she with I ? ext . old gun road - next ( 3:45 p.m. ) donnie and gretchen stand at the end of grandma death 's driveway . gretchen lead donnie up to the front porch of the decrepit house . she then ring the doorbell . they wait for several moment ... nothing happen . gretchen then go and peer through a window . donnie I know she 's here . she never leave the house . gretchen maybe she 's asleep . they walk to the end of the driveway , and donnie stop at the mailbox . he open it ... empty . gretchen ( cont 'd ) ( point at the house ) donnie , look . in a upstairs window of the house , the silhouette of grandma death peer down at they ominously . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 60 . int . donnie' room - afternoon donnie sit at he desk , sealing a envelope . the address read : ms . roberta sparrow 22 old gun road middlesex , VA 23113 title card : october 23 1988 int . therapist's office - evening ( 6 p.m. ) Dr. thurman look at a diagram from sparrow 's boo . donnie be pace around she office . dr . thurman and they grow out of we stomach ? donnie it be just like she describe they in she book . like they be alive . the way that they look ... move ... smell . they be like worker ... assign to each one of we . ( long beat , then distant ) I follow my spear ... and I find something ... DR. thurman what do you find ? donnie be silent for a moment . donnie nothing . dr . thurman have you tell gretchen about the spear ? donnie yeah , but if I tell she about the other stuff about Frank ... dr . thurman be you embarrassed by this thing that you see ? donnie you know ... every week I come in here and I tell you stuff ... and it 's all embarrassing . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 61. donnie ( cont 'd ) I tell you stuff that I do not tell anyone else ... and you know what ? it 's you turn , Dr. thurman . I be not say anything else until you tell I something embarrassing about yourself . donnie make a " zipper lip " gesture . dr . thurman ( long , stubborn beat ) I once have a extend sexual fantasy involve Mr. Rogers . donnie just stare at she . donnie whoa. ( beat ) that 's ok , Dr. thurman , it 's nothing to be embarrassed about . I have sexual fantasy all the time too . dr . thurman I know . donnie I mean ... gretchen ... she will not even let I kiss she . she say because it 's we first kiss ... she 's , like , wait for this big ... moment or something . I just do not get it . I just want to get it over with so we can move on to the good stuff . dr . thurman the good stuff . donnie yeah ... you know ... ( whisper ) Fucking . dr . thurman ( cut he off ) have you ever make love , Donald ? donnie look at she ... and we know the answer . int . kitchen - night ( 7:15 p.m. ) the entire family be have dinner . donnie be lose ina trance . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 62. samantha donnie , be you come to my talent show tomorrow ? donnie ignore she . rose he can not , samantha . he 's be suspend from after-school activity . donnie ... be you still with we ? ( beat ) how be you therapy session tonight ? donnie Fine . you know , Dr. thurman be not so bad a lady . I can tell she anything . Rose appear surprised and then sad at this comment . she look at Eddie , who just look down at he plate of food . ext . physics CLASS - day ( 12 p.m. ) donnie and gretchen be at the front of the room , present they invention . Dr. monnitoff preside . donnie so , we call they ... img gretchen infant memory generator . donnie yeah . so the idea be that ... you buy this glass for you infant , and they wear they at night when they sleep . gretchen and inside this glass be this slide photograph . and each photograph be of something peaceful ... or beautiful . whatever picture the parent want to put inside . dr . monnitoff what effect do you think this would have on a infant ? donnie well ... the thing be , nobody remember they infancy . and anyone who say they do be lie . we think that this would help develop memory earlier in life . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 63. dr . monnitoff do you stop and think that maybe infant need darkness ? that darkness be part of they natural development . Seth Davis raise he hand . seth what if the parent , like ... put in photograph of Satan ... pentagram , dead people ... stuff like that ? gretchen be that what you would show you kid ? seth I mean , do not you dad , like , stab you mom ? Dr. monnitoff look over at Seth calmly . seth ( cont 'd ) get out . Seth begin to walk out . gretchen do not answer . there be only the 80 iq grin ... stare back at she face . the room be silent . ext . school front entrance - next ( 2:15 p.m. ) gretchen walk out the front door . donnie come chase after she . donnie gretchen ! gretchen ... wait up ! she turn and face he , tear in she eye . donnie ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . they embrace ... kissing for the first time . ext . byrd theatre - magic hour ( 5:30 p.m. ) the old - fashioned theater marquee read : halloween frightmare the evil dead / the last temptation of christ donnie and gretchen approach the box office . donnie two for " evil Dead " , please . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 64 . int . byrd theatre - next donnie and gretchen sit in the middle of the huge , empty theater . " the evil Dead " unfold . they eat popcorn and watch silently . donnie look over and see that gretchen be asleep . donnie turn back to the movie ... beginning to look ill . frank feeling sick ? donnie turn he head over and look across gretchen . Frank be sit next to she . frank ( cont 'd ) I want to show you something . donnie you have to do something for I first . frank you have a request ? donnie yeah . tell I why you be wear that stupid bunny suit . frank why be you wear that stupid man suit ? donnie take it off . I want to see you . after a moment , Frank slowly reach up and remove the rabbit headpiece . donnie 's eye widen . underneath the headpiece be the human face of a handsome young man . his leave eye do not exist , because it have implode into the socket . there be blood ooze from the wound . frank satisfied ? donnie just stare at he . donnie what happen to you eye ? frank I be so sorry . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 65. donnie why do they call you Frank ? frank it be the name of my father ... and he father before I . donnie how much longer be this gonna last ? frank you should already know that . ( beat ) watch the movie , donnie . I have something to show you . donnie look at the screen . on the screen , " the evil Dead " morph into a time portal . frank ( cont 'd ) there 's a storm come . ( beat ) have you ever see a portal , donnie ? suddenly ... the screen morph into a image of a large tudor house . frank ( cont 'd ) burn it to the ground . donnie pull out Jim cunningham 's wallet from he pocket . donnie contemplate he fate for several more moment , and then get up and walk out . ext . byrd theatre - night ( 6:30 p.m. ) donnie walk slowly past the theatre marquee . int . auditorium - night ( 7 p.m. ) on the stage , among blow autumn leave , cherita chen perform a strangely beautiful mime act to symphony no. 3 by henryk gorecki . when she act be finally over , the crowd be indifferent , with scattered applause and laughter . Ms. pomeroy stand up and applaud enthusiastically . clearly affect by the laughter , cherita walk offstage . in the front row , the entire darko family have assemble . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 66 . int . auditorium backstage - night ( 7:15 p.m . ) Kitty Farmer stand with the five- member dance team ina huddle . ms . farmer now girl ... I want you to concentrate . failure be not a option . and bethany ... if you feel the need to vomit up there . just swallow it . beth ok , Mom . Jim cunningham walk past they towards the stage . he stop and touch samantha on the shoulder ... smile . jim cunningham good luck out there . she smile nervously back at he . he exit onto the stage . int . auditorium stage - next ( 7:20 p.m. ) jim cunningham thank you ... cherita chen . that be Autumn angel . ( clear throat ) next ... it be my distinct pleasure to introduce to you ... Emily bate ... suzy Bailey ... samantha darko ... Beth Farmer ... and joanie James . they be ... sparkle motion ! the audience roar with applause as the light dim . the follow montage alternate between the auditorium stage and Jim cunningham 's house . the stage light slowly raise as the open beat of ' West end Girls ' by the Pet shop boy begin . under the soft stage light ... sparkle motion unfold . donnie approach Jim cunningham 's house . sparkle motion ... in perfect synchronicity . in the live room of the house ... donnie walk through , dousing gasoline all over the place with psychotic force . a trail of fire spread . a mystery woman emerge from the back wall of the auditorium . a couch and curtain become engulf in flame . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 67 . middlesex girl be jump up and down in the aisle . Eddie and Rose be smile ear to ear Elizabeth darko be crack up at the entire scene . kid be go bonker in the aisle . the mystery woman take off she glass . slow motion : fire engulf a deer taxidermy . Ms. pomeroy get into the groove . the parent be now on they foot . the crowd roar even louder slow motion : sparkle motion stand triumphant . slow motion : donnie stand before a wall of flame . ext . school auditorium - night ( 8 p.m . ) cherita sit alone in the courtyard at the base of the mongrel statue ... defeat and alone . int . byrd theatre - night ( 9 p.m. ) donnie walk into the theatre and sit next to gretchen , who be asleep . as the credit to the film roll , donnie wake she . gretchen ( disorient ) what ? how long be I asleep ? donnie the whole movie . let 's go . int . jim cunningham's house - night ( 9:45 p.m. ) firemen walk through the char room shine flashlight . a fireman shine he flashlight onto a mysterious door with smoke emerge from it . he kick the door in ... and shine the flashlight into the dark hole . ext . carpathian ridge - sunrise ( 5 a.m. ) donnie and gretchen lie awake on a pile of blanket ... stare out into the abyssal canyon . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 68. helicopter shot : we swoop down over carpathian Ridge ... past donnie and gretchen ... of evergreen forest . title card : october 22 1988 over the canyon and the endless expanse ext . darko house backyard / patio - morning ( 11 a.m. ) donnie and Eddie be in the backyard rake leave onto a giant sheet . donnie I know everyone think I be a nutcase . I have be get a lot of weird look from people lately . they rake in silence for a moment . ( angry ) eddie who 's be give you weird look ? donnie a lot of people . teacher . younger kid . it 's like they be afraid of I for some reason . ( beat ) but that 's ok ... because I know I deserve it . Eddie stop rake . eddie you be my only son ... I know , dad . donnie eddie I know I be not the best ... communicator . ( beat ) but whatever happen in you life ... whatever obstacle you come up against ... you just say ... and do whatever be in you heart . you be honest ... and tell the truth ... even if they look at you funny ... and they will . they will tell you that you be wrong . they will call you a fool . ( beat ) but what you have get to understand , son , be that almost all of that ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 69 . eddie ( cont 'd ) people be full of bullshit ... and they be scared of people like you . because you be smarter than all of they . donnie smile at he father int . donnie' room - afternoon ( 1 p.m. ) donnie sit on he bed and stare at the calendar on he wall . each day be mark with a xx . he take he pill from he nightstand ... and downs three . there be noise come from downstairs . int . family room - afternoon donnie come downstairs to see Elizabeth glue to the tv . elizabeth oh my God , that 's he . that 's the guy from last night . on the television : a newscaster stand in front of the char heap of what be once a large suburban house . firefighter mill about behind she . newscaster as firefighter continue they investigation , arson have not be rule out as a cause of the fire particularly because of the shocking discovery make earlier today among the burn ruin . in the basement of the house , authority have discover what have be describe as a kiddie- porn dungeon . policeman emerge from the basement with several large box of evidence . newscaster ( cont 'd ) cunningham , who have become a recent celebrity for he motivational book , audio tape and video , duck he head from camera when he be arrest at the sarasota Heights golf Club this morning . in a vicious statement cun vision executive Linda connie attack the middlesex Fire Department ... claim a vast conspiracy . donnie stare at the television ... speechless , horrify . on the tv , Jim cunningham hide he face from the camera . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 70. elizabeth oh my God . dad play golf with that guy . donnie say nothing , turn around ... and walk upstairs . int . physics CLASS - day ( 2 p.m. ) donnie and Dr. monnitoff be have another in - depth conversation . dr . monnitoff each vessel travel along a vector path through space-time ... along its centre of gravity . donnie ( to himself ) like a spear . dr . monnitoff beg pardon ? donnie like a spear that come out of you stomach ? dr . monnitoff uhh ... sure . and in order for the vessel to travel through time it must find the portal , in this case the wormhole , or some unforeseen portal that lie undiscovered . donnie could this wormhole appear in nature ? dr . monnitoff that ... be highly unlikely . you be talk about a act of God . donnie if God control time ... then all time be pre-decide . then every live thing travel along a set path . dr . monnitoff I be not follow you . donnie if you could see you path or channel grow out of you stomach , you could see into the future . and that 's a form of time travel , right ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 71. dr . monnitoff you be contradict yourself , donnie . if we could see we destine manifest themselves visually ... then we would be give the choice to betray we choose destiny . the very fact that this choice exist ... would mean that all pre-form destiny would end . donnie not if you choose to stay within God 's channel ... dr . monnitoff ( cut he off ) donnie , I be afraid I can not continue this conversation . I could lose my job . int . teacher's lounge - afternoon ( 2:30 p.m. ) Ms. pomeroy sit across from Dr. monnitoff . they both grade papers silently . Dr. monnitoff stare at she for a long moment . dr . monnitoff ( incredulous ) donnie ... darko . she stare at he for a while , haunt by something . int . principal cole's office - afternoon ( 3 p.m. ) Ms. pomeroy sit across from principal Cole . principal cole I be sorry , Karen , this be a specialise school . we do not think the method you have undertake here be appropriate . ms . pomeroy " appropriate " . ( try to contain she anger ) with all due respect , sir , what specifically about my method do you find inappropriate ? principal Cole stare at she for a moment . principal cole I do not have to get myself into a debate about this , Karen , I believe I have make myself clear . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 72. ms . pomeroy you call this ... clarity ? I do not think you have a clue what it 's really like to communicate with this kid . you do not think that they can smell you bullshit from a mile away ? every day that go by ... that we fail to ... inspire they ... be another moment that we all lose . and we be lose they to apathy , and this ... prescribe nonsense . they be slip away ... principal cole I be sorry that you have fail . now if you will excuse I , I have another appointment . you can finish out the week . int . school office / teacher's lounge - next ( 3:15 p.m. ) Ms. pomeroy step out from principal Cole 's office . she see Kitty Farmer and the sparkle motion girl milling about . the mystery woman be there as well . Ms. pomeroy glare at Kitty Farmer before leave . ext . middlesex ridge school - next ( 3:30 p.m. ) Ms. pomeroy step outside through a emergency exit . she stare out at the beautiful forest . her eye be fill with tear . ms . pomeroy fuuuuuuuckkkkkk ! ! 1 1 ! hear the scream from the distance , we see cherita chen turn she head in shock as she walk alone along the edge of the school building , eat she lunch . she and Ms. pomeroy share a moment of eye contact before she turn and head back into the school . int . MAIN school hallway - next ( 3:45 p.m. ) Ms. pomeroy walk slowly through the hallway , wiping tear from she face . principal cole ( over the intercom ) good afternoon . it be my great pleasure to announce that the middlesex Middle School dance team have be invite to perform on Ed McMahon 's Star search ' 88 in Los Angeles , California ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 73 . int . principal cole's offic - next ( 3:45 p.m . ) the sparkle motion girl squeal with excitement ... jump up and down . Kitty Farmer pump she fist in victory . suddenly ... Linda connie burst into the office , grab Kitty by the arm . the teacher hold up a newspaper ... where there be a headline that read : jim cunningham charge . Kitty 's facial expression go from elation to horror int . english CLASS - morning ( 8:30 p.m. ) the classroom be dark . the student watch " watership down " , the movie . donnie be asleep . gretchen stare at he . Ms. pomeroy stare at gretchen . suddenly , she turn on the light , turn off the tv . donnie wake up ... with dark circle under he eye . ms . pomeroy and when the other rabbit hear of fiver 's vision , do they believe he ? ( cough ) it could be the death of a entire way of life , the end of a era . donnie why should we care ? ms . pomeroy because the rabbit be we , donnie . donnie why should I mourn for a rabbit like it be a human ? ms . pomeroy be the death of one species less tragic than another ? donnie of course . a rabbit be not like we . it have no history book ... it have no knowledge of sorrow or regret . I like bunny and all . they be cute ... and they be horny . and if you be cute and horny ... then you be probably happy that you do not know who you be ... or why you be even alive . but the only thing I have know rabbit to do be have sex as many time as possible before they die . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 74 , he look over at gretchen , who look angry at this . donnie ( cont 'd ) there 's no point in cry for a dead rabbit ... who never fear death to begin with . the class be silent for a moment . gretchen you be wrong . ( beat ) you be wrong about this rabbit . this rabbit can talk . they be the product of the author imagination . and he care for they . so we care for they too . we care that they home have be destroy ... and that they life be in danger . otherwise ... we have miss the point . ms . pomeroy but be not we forget the miracle of storytelling ? the dea ex machina . the god machine . that be how the rabbit be save . gretchen look across the room at donnie with a disdainful expression . int . MAIN school hallway - later ( 9 a.m. ) donnie approach gretchen at she locker . donnie you want to skip fourth period and go to the Ridge ? gretchen ( angry ) what 's wrong with you ? donnie what do you mean ? she turn and walk off , leave donnie break and deject . int . donnie' room - night ( 6:30 p.m . ) donnie sit at he desk look at a intricate draw of a cloud formation . on it he have write : the portal . int . kitchen - night ( 7 p.m. ) Rose and Eddie be in the kitchen . he be get ready for a business trip . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 75 . samantha be jump up and down . Elizabeth be jump up and down , dance with she . donnie look into the kitchen from the foyer , catch he family in a serene , content moment of happiness . a moment that he choose not to interrupt . title card : october 25 1988 int . / ext . foyer / front porch - day ( 3 p.m. ) doorbell ring . Rose answer the door Kitty Farmer be there on the front porch . she be wear a T - shirt that read : GOD be awesome ! ms . farmer rose. rose Kitty ... ms. farmer Rose , we have a crisis . ( beat ) I be sure that you be aware of the horrible allegation against Jim cunningham . rose yes , I see the news . something about a kiddie-porn dungeon . ms . farmer ( hold up she hand ) please ! do not say that word . ( shaking she head ) well ... as you can see ... many of we be devastate by this news . this be obviously some kind of conspiracy mean to destroy a innocent man . and I have take it upon myself to spearhead the Jim cunningham defence campaign . but unfortunately my civic duty have create a conflict of interest ... which involve you . rose beg pardon ? ms . farmer Rose ... I have to appear at he arraignment tomorrow morning . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 76. ms . farmer ( cont 'd ) and as you know , the girl also leave for Los Angeles tomorrow morning . now , as they coach ... I be the obvious choice to chaperone they on the trip . rose but now you can not go . ms . farmer yes . and believe I , of all the other mother I would never dream of ask you , give the predicament with you son . but none of the other mother be able to go . rose oh , Kitty , I do not know . this be so last-minute ... Eddie be in New York ... ms . farmer Rose ... I do not know if you realise how great a opportunity this be for we daughter . this have be a dream of ours for a long time . ( beat ) sometimes I doubt you commitment to sparkle motion . int . donnie' room - night ( 7 p.m. ) Rose be stand in donnie 's room alone . she stare at a draw of Frank that he have tack onto he bulletin board . donnie appear in the doorway . Rose jump . donnie I feel like ... I be approach something horrible . donnie walk over and sit on he bed . Rose go and sit next to he . rose I have to take the girl to Los Angeles tomorrow . donnie do you get to meet Ed ? rose if I be lucky . ( beat ) so ... I will not be back until the first . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 77. rose ( cont 'd ) you dad will be back on Sunday , so I have put Elizabeth in charge until then . she have the car ... so she can drive you to you therapy tomorrow . donnie how do it feel to have a wacko for a son ? rose ( embrace he ) it feel wonderful . ext . darko house driveway - morning ( 10 a.m. ) Rose bring she luggage out to the airport van . mystery woman load Beth Farmer into the van . donnie sit on the back - porch step , watch everyone silently . Elizabeth give samantha a hug . elizabeth you be gonna win . I know it . samantha so do i. ( to donnie ) bye , donnie . donnie wave goodbye . rose here be the key to the Taurus . there 's plenty of grocery in the fridge . and I leave money on the kitchen table . and do not forget ... elizabeth do not worry , Mom . just go , you will miss you flight . Rose turn ... want to say goodbye to donnie , but not know how . she smile and wave goodbye . donnie wave back . Rose turn and go to the van ... hand the driver she last bag . donnie Mom ... donnie stand up and reluctantly approach from the porch . donnie ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing break ... in my brain . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 78 . Rose stand there for a moment , look at she only son . samantha come on , Mom ! rose ( to donnie , hold back tear ) I know . she get into the van , as donnie and Elizabeth watch they drive off . int . school MAIN hallway - afternoon ( 3 p.m. ) donnie walk up to gretchen , who stand at she locker with several other girl . the girl whisper to each other as he approach . donnie will you please talk to I ? gretchen not now , donnie . it be not a good time . donnie then when ? I have to talk to you . gretchen walk away , look back at he with apologetic eye . int . english CLASS - moment later ( 3:15 p.m. ) donnie walk alone through the hallway ... lose . he stumble upon Ms. pomeroy 's room . she sit behind she desk ... which have be pack up into a cardboard box . donnie ( knock on the door ) Ms. pomeroy ... what 's go on ? ms . pomeroy donnie ... it 's Friday . should not you be off with you friend , scare old people ? donnie where be you go ? ms . pomeroy I do not know . that 's a good question ... but suffice to say that I be no longer you English teacher they fire I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 79 . donnie that 's bullshit . you be a good teacher . ms . pomeroy thank you , donnie . and you be a good student . lazy ... but a good student . unlike most of the other , you question Mom and dad 's rule . donnie what do I tell the rest of the class when they ask about you ? ms . pomeroy ( long beat ) tell they that everything be go to be just fine . ( beat ) it be up to the child to save themselves this day . because the parent ... they do not have a clue . donnie look at the blackboard . on it she have write in perfect penmanship : " cellar door " . donnie what 's " cellar door " ? ms . pomeroy ( space out ) a famous linguist once say ... that of all the phrase in the English language , of all the endless combination of word in all of history ... that " cellar door " be the most beautiful . she be silent for a moment . donnie cellar door . ms . pomeroy sometimes it 's the only thing that keep we go . she take the box and cross the room towards donnie . ms . pomeroy ( cont 'd ) so ... will donnie find he cellar door ? donnie I think I already have . ( beat ) but now she will not even talk to I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 80. ms . pomeroy then go find she , donnie . do not let she get away . ( stop at the door ) she be right about the rabbit . go. int . MAIN hallway - next ( 3:15 . p.m. ) and with that ... Ms. pomeroy turn and walk down the hallway with she career in a cardboard box ... head towards the bright Friday afternoon sunlight . donnie walk back down the hallway ... lose in he own introspection . across the way ... at she locker ... as cherita chen . donnie approach she slowly like a cat . she turn from she locker ... and they make eye contact . she look at he warily , frighten . a book fall from she arm onto the floor . written in large letter on the brown book cover be he name . donnie darko . he come face to face with she , grab she earmuff with both hand , and touch he forehead to hers as if he be go to kiss she . donnie ( long beat ) I promise that one day thing will get better for you . cherita hold still for a moment , tremble , and then jerk back from he . her earmuff come off in he hand . she back away from he slowly . a single tear roll down she cheek . cherita chut ... up ! she then turn and run down the hall ... disappear from sight . ext . old gun road - afternoon ( 4 p.m. ) donnie walk by himself ... think ... wear cherita 's earmuff . title card : october 29 1988 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 81 . int . therapist's office - day ( 1:30 p.m. ) donnie be under hypnosis . dr . thurman and when I clap my hand together twice , you will wake up . do you understand ? donnie yes . dr . thurman so , you parent ... why do you disappoint they ? donnie I ... I be play with fire . dr . thurman be it Frank who want you to destroy the world , to set the world on fire ? donnie do not answer . donnie people get hurt . dr . thurman but it be a accident . the house be under construction . donnie people get hurt . I do not want to hurt anyone . dr . thurman but you be punish . donnie yes . I go to jail . dr . thurman do you wish that you be punish by you parent instead ? donnie they ... do not buy I what I want for Christmas that year . dr . thurman what do you want for Christmas that year ? donnie hungry hungry hippos . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 82. dr . thurman how do you feel ... be deny that hungry hungry hippos ? donnie regret . dr . thurman what else make you feel regret ? donnie that I do it again . dr . thurman ( alarmed ) you have do it again ? donnie yes . I flood my school ... and I burn down that pervert 's house . I think I only have a few day leave ... before they catch I . dr . thurman why do you do this thing , donnie ? do Frank tell you to commit this crime ? he do not respond . donnie I have to obey he ... because he save my life . he control I and I have to obey he or I will be leave all alone ... and I will never figure out what all of this mean ... dr . thurman if God exist ? donnie I think now that he might ... DR. thurman why ? donnie because I be so horny . dr . thurman God exist because you be horny . donnie I think so . I think that 's one of the clue . it 's a clue that tell we ... to keep go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 83. dr . thurman where be we go ? no answer . dr . thurman ( cont 'd ) where be we go , Donald ? donnie I have the power to build a time machine . dr . thurman how be that possible ? donnie grandma death will teach I how . soon. dr . thurman then how be time travel possible ? donnie it would have to be God 's portal . they will lead I to it . then I will go back in time ... and I will not feel regret anymore . dr . thurman when will this happen ? donnie soon . time be almost up . donnie get up on he foot , staggering around the room . he look frighten ... childlike . donnie ( cont 'd ) it have to happen soon , it have to happen soon . Dr. thurman get up and try to control donnie ... follow he around the room . dr . thurman what be go to happen ? donnie ( freaking out ) Frank be go to kill . dr . thurman who be he go to kill ? Dr. thurman grab he , try to get he under control in a awkward embrace . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 84. dr . thurman ( cont 'd ) who be he go to kill ? donnie stare across the office like a frighten child ... as the room become white with artificial light . Frank be there in the office ... stare back at he . donnie ( freaking out ) I can see he right now ! dr . thurman where be he , Donald ? donnie he 's right there ... he can read my mind and he will show I the way out of this . the sky be go to open up ... and then he will reveal himself to I . dr . thurman if the sky be to suddenly open up ... there would be no law ... there would be no rule . there would only be you and you memory ... the choice you have make and the people you have touch . the life that have be carve out from you subconscious be the only evidence by which you will be judge ... by which you must judge yourself . because when this world end , there will only be you and he ... and no one else . donnie it 's too late . I have already ruin my life . dr . thurman you will survive this ... Donald . I promise you that you will survive . you must let I help you . ( beat ) and when I clap my hand together you will wake up . she clap she hand together twice ... and donnie snap out of he trance . int . therapist's office - afternoon ( 2 p.m. ) donnie , calm down and put he jacket on , walk slowly to the doorway . Dr. thurman stand look out the window . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 85. dr . thurman Donald ? donnie turn back and face she . beat . dr . thurman ( cont 'd ) you medication . they be placebo . just pill make out of water . donnie thank you . dr . thurman Donald , a atheist be someone who deny altogether the existence of a God . you be a agnostic . a agnostic be someone who believe that there can be no proof of the existence of God ... but do not deny the possibility that God exist . donnie Goodbye , Dr. thurman . dr . thurman Goodbye , Donald . int . kitchen - day donnie walk into the kitchen , where Elizabeth be sit at the table . elizabeth ( in shock ) I get in . I be go to Harvard . donnie congratulation . donnie sit down across from she . donnie ( cont 'd ) Mom and dad will not be back until Sunday night . it 's Halloween Carnival . we should throw a party . we could totally get away with it . elizabeth ( long beat ) okay , but it have to be a small one . donnie everything be go to be just fine . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 86 . ext . darko house - night ( 9 p.m . ) neighbourhood kid be trick - or-treate . the man in the red jogging suit shine a flashlight towards the house . there be at least two dozen car park in front ... and somebody be already throw toilet paper in the tree . int . foyer - night ( 9:30 p.m. ) the doorbell ring . donnie answer the door ... only to find Sean and Ronald dress in black with monster mask . they be both carry backpack . donnie be dress in a black skeleton suit , and he face be paint white like a skull . sean we get egg , water balloon , and a dozen roll of toilet paper ronald I steal four beer from my dad . donnie there 's a keg here . sean only pussy drink keg beer . they go back into the house towards the kitchen . there be at least forty people , already quite waste , many carry they own twelve - pack of beer under they arm . almost everyone be wear a costume . donnie and he friend weave through the crowd toward the patio . ext . backyard / patio - next donnie and he friend watch the party unfold . the party grow larger int . therapist's office - night Dr. thurman pace around she office with the phone to she ear . int . master bedroom - night the phone be ringing . the answer machine pick up . int . foyer - later on ( 11 p.m. ) the doorbell ring ... and once again donnie be the one to answer it . to he surprise ... it be gretchen stand on he front porch . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 87. gretchen ( very upset ) hey . donnie hey . you ok ? gretchen ( walk inside ) my mom be go . donnie where be she ? gretchen ( close to tear ) I do not know . she do not leave a note . the house be all mess up . donnie but you be ok ? she nod yes . donnie ( cont 'd ) do you call the cop ? gretchen yeah , they tell I to get out of the house . donnie take gretchen into the hallway and give she a hug . gretchen ( cont 'd ) I be so scared ... I just keep think that something awful have happen . it 's my fuck stepdad . I know it . donnie ( embrace she ) it 's safe here . donnie take gretchen upstairs . we reveal Elizabeth watch they go . int . family room - next Elizabeth walk over to a friend . elizabeth ( yell over the music ) have you see Frank ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 88 . friend no . I think they say they be go on a beer run . int . master bedroom - next ( 11:15 p.m . ) donnie and gretchen sit on the bed . gretchen take a sip of beer . gretchen some people be just bear with tragedy in they blood . he kiss she . he then pull back . gretchen ( cont 'd ) what ? donnie there 's something you have to know , gretchen . ( beat ) everything be go to be just fine . they lie down together ... silently listen to the party below . the phone be ringing . the answer machine pick up . rose ( on the answer machine ) if you be there , please pick up . ( beat ) oh well ... there 's good news . the girl ... they get three and a half star ... and they get to come back for the quarter - final . int . lax terminal - night ( 9 p.m. PST ) Rose stand at a payphone while the sparkle motion girl wait at the terminal . samantha semi-finals , Mom ! rose sorry ... semi-finals . anyway ... we be take the red-eye back tonight and we should arrive around six a.m . I hope everything be alright . bye. int . foyer - night ( 12 a.m. ) we move towards the grandfather clock and see the minute hand reach midnight . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 89 . int . foyer - night ( 12:30 a.m . ) donnie and gretchen walk downstairs . they kiss , and she go towards the family room . donnie walk towards the kitchen , but then double over against the wall in pain . suddenly ... the room blow out with a strobe of white light ... as costume teenager and they vector spear intersect ina shimmer maze of chaos . donnie slowly follow he spear as it lead he through the crowd ... directly towards the refrigerator donnie stare blankly at what he see ... scrawle in magic marker on the memo board . it read : frank be here ... went to get Beer ! donnie stare at the board for several moment ... he then turn he head and see a teenager with a Ronald Reagan mask walk by . he then see another spear come towards he . gretchen round the corner , come in from the family room . donnie fall to he knee and put he face inside the end of gretchen 's spear . we see he p.o.v. - a abyssal tunnel of light . donnie come with I . gretchen where be we go ? he grab she and pull she out the back of the kitchen into the back yard . Ronald and Sean follow . ext . backyard / patio - next they move through the backyard . gretchen donnie , what 's go on ! she stop he . donnie time be run out . we have to go see grandma death . we have to talk to she . gretchen why ? be this about the book ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 90. donnie no. Frank . gretchen who 's Frank ? Ronald and Sean approach . sean donnie ? where be we go ? donnie look at gretchen ... this be it . donnie she know . I know she know . ext . neighbourhood STREET - night ( 1:15 a.m. ) the group of hour ride they bike down the street . ext . forest - night ( 1:45 a.m. ) they ride they bike through the forest . ext . grandma death' house - night ( 1:30 a.m. ) they stand in front of the dark house . it be pitch -black . no light anywhere . sean there 's nobody here ... just forget it . then ... there be a clanking noise from somewhere around the side of the house . everyone hear it . donnie look towards the lower front of the house where there be a cellar door . gretchen be that a cellar door ? donnie ( he eye widen ) yeah ... the cellar door be ajar ... and there be a dim light come out from inside . ronald do not open it , donnie . let 's just leave . int . grandma death' cellar - next donnie and gretchen open the door to the cellar ... and descend down into a murky pit with a stone floor . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 91. Inside ... the room be quite large ... fill with row after row of box , painting , antique furniture and chandelier . there be even a ancient piano in the back . gretchen slowly reach she hand out and place she finger on the deep piano key . suddenly a figure emerge from the shadow and slam donnie into the wall . he then grab gretchen by place a arm around she neck with a butcher 's knife . it be ricky danforth . Seth come out from another corner ... also brandish a butcher 's knife . both have pantyhose pull over they head . ricky get the fuck out ! now ! ricky drag gretchen out . Seth drag donnie out . ext . grandma death' house - next the four of they come burst out of the cellar Seth hold donnie 's arm down with he knee and place the butcher 's knife against he throat . ricky throw gretchen down hard onto the shoulder of Old gun Road . she let out a gasp of pain as she head hit the gravel . ricky motherfucker ! seth I have ... a bigger knife now . Sean and Ronald watch ... dumbfounded , back away . Seth just stare down at donnie with he dead eye ... push the knife down harder , cut off donnie 's air supply . sean hey ... there 's someone come ! look there 's a car come ! Seth slowly turn he head and see ... far down Old gun Road ... approach headlight . donnie ( barely audible whisper ) dea ex machina ... seth what do you say ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 92. donnie we saviour ... the headlight be get close . ricky they call the fuckin ' cop ! gretchen struggle to breathe on the shoulder of the road ... the wind knock out of she , semi-conscious . seth that 's no cop ... the headlight be get close . gretchen ( in a hoarse whisper ) donnie ... even closer ... donnie you better run . ricky forget it ... let 's go ! Seth do not move ... he just stare down at donnie . ricky ( cont 'd ) come on ! let 's go ! seth you be dead , donnie darko Seth get up and run off with ricky into the forest ... just as the approach car crest the top of Old gun Road at breakneck speed . suddenly , in the bright glow of the car 's headlight ... be the silhouette of grandma death ... stand in the middle of the road . in she right hand she be clutching a letter donnie 's letter . gretchen donnie ... the car swerve leave , barely miss grandma death . the pontiac try to brake hard ... but the wheel lock ... and it go skid onto the shoulder . gretchen raise she head from the gravel ... into bright headlight beam . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 93. the tran - be go barrel over she like a speed-bump ... and she limp body roll off into the grassy ditch . the tran - be skid off into the grass and collide head - on with the crumble stone chimney ... which explode into the crumpled hood of the car ... as it eventually come to a stop in a fury of smoke . donnie stagger to he foot ... regain he breath . he run over to gretchen and kneel down next to she donnie gretchen ... wake up . wake up . her neck be break . she have no pulse . the passenger door to the tran - be open , and a passenger in a clown costume get out . the driver 's side door open and the driver get out . he be wear a rabbit suit . a Halloween costume . he be hold the grotesque rabbit helmet in he hand . it be Frank . passenger Frank ... what would you do ... what would you do ! Frank approach donnie ... who raise he head from gretchen to see he for the first time ... face to face ... with a expression of shocked horror . passenger ( cont 'd ) she 's dead . you kill she , Frank Frank be in shock . frank she 's dead . donnie slowly nod he head . Sean and Ronald approach he slowly . grandma death loom behind they . frank ( cont 'd ) what the fuck . look at my fuck car ! passenger let 's get out of here . let 's get out of here , Frank ! frank what be you stupid fuck do in the middle of the road ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 94. donnie wait for you . donnie raise the gun from he father 's closet with he right hand , and to he own surprise , he pull the trigger Frank 's leave eye implode as the bullet pass through he head . his body fall limply to the ground . passenger Holy shit ... the passenger turn and run off into the wood . ronald what would you do , donnie ? what would you do ! donnie ( very calm ) go home . go home and tell you parent that everything be go to be just fine . after contemplation of the recent event ... Sean and Ronald turn and run off in the opposite direction . donnie be leave alone ... with the dead body . he turn and stare at grandma death ... who be calmly stand there ... with he letter in she hand . grandma death a storm be come . ( beat ) you must hurry . donnie be still in shock . ext . neighbourhood STREET - early morning ( 4:30 a.m. ) donnie carry gretchen home . int . family room - next donnie look down at Elizabeth asleep on the couch . he then lean down and give she a kiss on the forehead . ext . darko house driveway - next donnie walk out to the Taurus , then stop and look up at the sky . ext . darko house - driveway - next the time portal begin to form above the house . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 95 . donnie touch he stomach ... feel sick once again . donnie then step into the car , where gretchen sit in the passenger seat . he turn on the engine and peel out of the driveway . int . ford taurus - early morning donnie drive the Taurus up carpathian Ridge . ext . carpathian ridge - early morning ( 5:30 a.m. ) donnie sit on the roof of the Taurus look out . he smile , lighting a cigarette . donnie 28 day , 6 hour , 42 minute , 12 second . we be almost home . ext . sky - next we see the time portal in the distance , form . int . flight 2806 - dawn ( 6 a.m . ) samantha darko be fast asleep . her head rest on Rose 's shoulder . she look out of the window at the rise sun . ext . darko house - dawn the portal continue to form above the darko house . Police car pull up in front of the house . ext . carpathian ridge - dawn donnie continue to stare out at the canyon . ext . sky - next we see the time portal once again . int . ford taurus - next donnie step off the hood and get into the car . he take gretchen 's hand . int . flight 2806 - next on the plane , Rose look out of the window as the jet wing explode ( audio only ... we do not see it ) . she scream out as the cabin shake violently . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 96 . ext . darko house - dawn the time portal continue to form over the house . ext . sky - next the leave jet engine from Flight 2806 fall downward through the sky . beneath it , the portal form itself . ext . sky - next the fall jet engine approach the hexagonal plate of light which accelerate downward ... form a tunnel with wall make of swirl liquid marble . the jet engine pass into the hexagonal plate . int . / ext . various in a series of inter-velometer time - lapse shot ... the entire suburban landscape retreat backward in a fury of speed . shot 1 : a time - lapse of the mongrel statue . shot 2 : a time - lapse of the main school hallway . shot 3 : a time - lapse of the main school building . shot 4 : a time - lapse of neighbourhood street / darko house . int . foyer - night we steadicam up the stair . int . donnie' room - night we move towards donnie 's empty bed . title card : october 2 1988 int . various bedroom - night ( 1:30 a.m . ) Dr. thurman wake up . Jim cunningham wake up ... sobbing . Kitty Farmer wake up ... come to a horrible realisation . Karen pomeroy and Dr. monnitoff wake up together cherita chen wake up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 97 . ext . sky - night ( 1:30 a.m . ) the jet engine fall silently through the night down towards the darko house ... have travel back in time . int . donnie' room - next donnie wake up . he be laugh hysterically . the engine crash through he ceiling ... engulf the room . int . family room - next Eddie jump up from the la-z Boy ... startle awake by the impact . int . master bedroom - next Rose sit up in bed , hearing the crash . rose Eddie ? int . foyer - next Elizabeth lean against the wall , scream . int . donnie' room - next the mammoth jet engine have plummete all the way down through the house , create a cavernous hole that split donnie 's room in half . the smoke from the wreckage begin to clear above the engine be donnie ... impale through the stomach by a wooden beam that be once part of the floor beneath he bed . there be blood gush from he mouth , as he face be contort into a expression that could almost be a smile . ext . neighbourhood STREET - morning ( 11 a.m. ) the same disaster scene as before ... only more media , more neighbour , and a coroner . people stand around in shock ... disbelief . from the other end of the street , a girl come riding along on a bike ... slowly take in the entire scene . she pull up to the kerb where a kid name David ( eleven ) be stand around . it be gretchen Ross . gretchen hi ... what 's go on here ? david horrible accident . my neighbour ... he get kill . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 98. gretchen what happen ? david he get smoosh . by a jet engine . she stare at the house , where paramedics wheel a body out of the front door . gretchen what be he name ? david donnie . donnie darko they stare at the front yard for a while . we see Elizabeth . we see Eddie , carry samantha ... who be cry . david ( cont 'd ) I feel bad for he family . gretchen ( long beat ) yeah . david do you know he ? she stare at the family for several moment ... and then shake she head slowly as if try to locate a memory that be slip away . gretchen no . Rose , lean against a tree while smoking a cigarette , notice they . she seem to recognise gretchen ... from somewhere in the vast reservoir of she memory . she wave at she . she wave back . fade out . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary