donnie brasco by Paul attanasio base on the book , " donnie brasco , " by Joseph D. pistone with Richard woodley revised draft July 27 , 1992 1 ext . day . WASHINGTON , d.c . a aerial view of the nation 's capital , moving in on the stolid limestone box of FBI headquarters . super below : FBI headquarters . WASHINGTON , D.C. 1981 . CUT to : 2 int . day . FBI headquarters a spacious corner office . american flag , FBI seal , and a plush c arpet -- fed eral blue . clendon hogue , 40s , barrel chest , shrewd eye over half - moon glass , preside behind a vast desk . the impressive mien of earn authority . before he : jule bonovolonta , late 40s , Green beret veteran , supervisor , 140 pound of pugnacity and gristle . ex - street agent cramped by headquarters . PAT marshall , late 30 , a case agent , compulsively organize , with haunt choirboy 's eye . clarence lebow , early 40s . Assistant section chief . brook Brothers , heavy starch . lebow it 's go down tonight . jule say who ? a fuck wire . lebow a reliable wire . jule a fiction writer . hogue peruse surveillance photo of sonny Red and sonny Black . then read the informant's report . marshall be that the 209 , sir ? lebow there 's go to be a war between sonny Red and sonny Black - - it 's all over the street . jule clarence , you could not find the street with a asphalt detector . ( continued ) 2 . 2 continued : marshall sonny Black go , everyone with he go . jule that 's do not mean it 's tonight . lebow even if it 's not tonight -- and I ' m not say it 's not tonight -- it could still be tonight because it could be any night . jule fuck you , clarence . lebow heyl I be a mormon 1 hogue you have some objection to this guy kill each other ? . marshall it 's just that -- one of they 's one of we . hogue a informant ? jule a agent . undercover . hogue then why be you depend on a informant ? what do the agent say ? ( off awkward look ) when 's the last time you speak to he ? jule Three week . marshall Three week and two day . hogue he check in every three week ? marshall he check in when he check in , sir . jule we have to make up the rule as we go along -- ( continued ) 3. 2 continued : ( 2 ) hogue my predecessor start this ? jule his predecessor . lebow it 's be five year . marshall five year and three month . jule I be not gonna blow a chance to cripp le the entire fuck mafia just because some fuck empty suit in Blue carpet land -- lebow I be so sick of you superior New y or k a tt it ud e-- jule -- think there 's gonna be a shootout tonight after the fuck tarantella . lebow you be go to risk a man 's life just to make case . jule ( right back ) make that case be he life . hogue and how many case do we have ? marshall ( guess ) a hundred , two hundred ... hogue which one ? jul es the truth be we do not know . hogue let I get this straight . nobody know where he be . nobody 's speak to he . he 's be undercover five year . he might very well get kill tonight -- at a fuck wedding -- not because he 's one of we . but because he 's one of t;hem . - ( more ) ( continued ) 4 - 2 continued : ( 3 ) hogue ( cont would ) I have be on the job one fuck wee k. a d it ' 's my fuck ing decision ? how the hell do this happen ? awkward look and foot shuffle all around . marshall what time 's the wedding ? lebow eight o'clock tonight . the clock . on the wall read * 9:36 . " hogue who be this fuck guy ? dissolve to : 3 int . night . bar --washington ( 1975 ) C L os E on -- joe pistone , 30 , athlete 's build , body languid with a killer 's confidence . eye dead as a shark 's . he chafe at he rep-stripe tie and off - the-rack suit . wider lebow , Marshall , and two other suit around the table . Jules deliver a toast . super below : blackie 's. WASHINGTON , D.C. 1975 . jule ... and so , Joe , we wish you bon voyage with this farewell drink . we would give you a farewell dinner - but why spend all that money when you will just come crawl back to you old desk ? laughter around the table . the clink of glass ... lebow I would love to know how you sell they on this . donnie I tell they I want to get far away from you , clarence , they get it instantly . ( continued ) 5 . 3 continued : lebow we have have we best guy on this 's ince , wha t , va lachi ? twe nty year ? marshall W ho know ? we never try anything like this . lebow what do that tell you ? marshall the director think it would be too corrupt . jule then maybe I should do it . I be in a mood to be corrupt . lebow you know what this people be l ike . they be a will mar rried to each other 's cousin . jule ( shrug ) it 's six month . marshall I think it 's great . undercover 's a new area . get in on the ground floor . lebow it 's a wild goose chase . I be say this as a friend . joe what do I know ? I be just a dumb guinea . lebow do not talk that way , joe. ( beat ) because , you know , you be just a dumb guinea . laughter from the group . Joe do not know whether to join in or punch somebody . Jules hand he a large beribbone BOX . jule here you go , Joe . Joe open the box . a wide - brimm Al capone fedora . uproarious laughter from the group . ( continued ) 6 . 3 C o not I nu E D : ( 2 ) lebow if you already have one , you can return it . jule put it onl against he will , Joe put on the hat . more laughter from the group . CUT to : 4 ext . day . suburb Three exuberant tomboys play football on the front lawn of a modest split - level home : terry , 13 , rebel in a hurry ; kerry , 10 , the good girl ; and sherry , 8 , the baby . Terry hike the ball , drop back to throw ... a pass spiral up into the air ... where it 's intercepted by Joe , who appear out of nowhere . sherry daddy , daddy 1 Joe feint , try to dodge the girl ... then sidestep ... joe I ' m out of bound . stopl this -- look -- this be out of bound 1 they tackle he anyway . grab he leg till he topples in a laugh heap . maggie pistone , a pretty , strong - will blonde in she 30 , emerge at th e for ront do or . sm ile S at th e 's cen e . then fr own S a 's 's he be eal ize s-- CUT tor 5 int . later . laundry room Joe stand in he suit jacket and boxer short while maggie try to remove the grass stain on the pants knee . maggie I swear to God , Joe , I have to spray you with scotchgard every morning . Joe embrace she from behind . joe W hat be I 's uppose t of do ? terr y - tackle like she mother . ( continued ) 7. 5 continued : he grope at she . she move he hand off ... maggie illegal hold . hi 's hand go back to grop . she smack they . ... joe roughing the passer . ma ggie I suppose I should be grateful tha t it 's not blood stain , or pow der burn . like the old day . joe I get some good news today . we be go back to jerse y . maggie you be kid 1 you get transfer ? joe th e kid can see they grandparent . plus it ' 's gs - 13 . that 's two thousand more . maggie my godl when do this all ha ppen ? - J oe just today . maggie what be not you tell I ? joe nothing . ma ggie I k now enough about the Bureau t ha t no thing happen th be q ui ckly , Joe . especi ally if it i not olve 's a raise . jo E remember that guy I I t at qu antico , that su perv isor ? berada ? be ask for I . safe a d hijacking , i n ne with York . maggie but this i 's a desk job , right ? ( bea t) I think we agree about you go back on the street again . ( CO ntinue ) 8. ( 2 ) 5 continued : joe this be different . it ' 's u ndercover . maggie what do that mean , undercover ? joe undercover . you know , undercover . maggie will you come home at night ? joe it 's a good opportunit y . m aggie undercover in what ? joe a FBI wife do not ask , maggie . maggie will you be home on the we ekend ? J 9e it 's just six month . maggie y ou wait till this be all decide . you never ask I -- you k new what I be go to say . what do you want from m e , Joe ? joe I want you to say , ' it 's okay ' . ' it 's great ' . ma ggie you finally get to headqu arter ? and now you be go back on the street . joe do not you understand ? I b uy a brook Brothers suit but th ere 's al way a button that come off or a stain that will not come out --- it 's li ke the suit know I do not belong in it . I sit in a room with ith clarence and the rest of they and the only way I know something 's funny be when everyone else laugh . everything , all day , it ' 's just ( gesture ) this much off . ( continued ) 9 . 5 continued : ( 3 ) ma ggie you be as smart as they be . joe I could be a fuck Ph.D. from ha be vard and it would not matter -- I can not win . to do something th at 's never be do , that they sa y can not be do , that they can not do -- do not you see ? that 's th e only way I be ever gonna fit in with they . on my term . she look at he . smile s. she love he for who he be , as frustrating as that can be . she embrace , ki ss he . m aggie well , at least you warn I . re member ? ' maggie , if you marry I ... joe ( unison ) ... you be in for a big ad venture . ' they kiss again . and ki ss . Joe kick the door to the laundry room shut behind he . CUT to : montage . . -- present day . the clock a t FBI headquarters : 10:07 . hogue rip through the case file . a letter address to the director of the FBI : berada ( v.o. ) ' to director : surveillance and inf ormant contact to date have be negative ... ' -- jo e be ushere through the fluorescent - light warren that be the bullpen of the New York FBI office . shake hand with guy berada , 5as , a bronx bull with a unlit cigar . be rada ( v.o. ) '. .. regard be able to pe netrate the conveyance of steal property by La cos a nostra ... ' -- Joe line up at the dmv . flash1 --his photo for a driver 's license . now he 's donnie brasco . the name type out : ( CO ntinue ) 10 . ( 4 ) 5 continued : d-0 -n-a-l-d b-r-a-s-c-o berada ( v.o. ) ... uc a Joseph D . piston© utilize the name ' donnie brasco ' . . . -- a FBI computer print out a " yellow sheet " of he prior arrest of be b urgl ary -- " a.k .a. don th E J ewe ler " ... -- in the jewelry district , a hasidic jew tutor donnie , who look at a diamond through a loupe . . . donnie survey a small apartment with a realtor ... donnie open a bank account . . . back to present day -- hogue read down the budget for the operation ... apartment .... $ 491.60 Furniture ..... 90.30 utility ..... 35.00 rental car .... 220.00 spend money 800.00 berada ( v.o. ) '... this would be accomplish by uca frequenting location list below and attempt to engage in conversation and do business with say fence ...' flash back -- donnie sit in carmelo 's drink club soda and watch basketball . at the other end of the bar , twotough guy play backgammon ... dissolve to another night , another game , another barstool --closer to the tough guy ... on the backgammon board , as the piece move closer to the goal ... dissolve to another night , as donnie move closer to the game ... on the board again , as the piece move closer ... dissolve to another night , as donnie move closer ... and another ... on the board , as the piece move closer , and the hand move they ... belong to donnie . -- donnie enter he apartment , sparsely furnish with a bed , tv , weight bench and weight . . . get on the phone ... steve bursey , 30 , donnie 's wiry and wild - eye contact agent , on the " hello phone " at the FBI office in New yorfc . bursey ( to phone ) hello ? crosscutting donnie at a pay phone . ( continued ) 1 . 1 ( 5 ) 5 continued : donnie ( o.c . ) be this bursey ? bursey cradle the phone on he shoulder , type ... bursey ( v.o. ) to the file : contact with uca on July 7 , 1976 ... back to present day -- hogue review surveillance photo of donnie in carmelo 's ... in the rainbow room . bursey ( v.o. ) ... uca report no significant contact . . . flash back -- donnie in Separate tables , a restaurant on third Avenue ... bursey ( v.o. ) . . . n of significant contact ... -- donnie wander the aisle at a drug store , search for a greet card . select one . match CUT to maggie open the same card . Inside it read , " miss you , love , " - - and no signature . --a truck hijacking take place on a access road to Kennedy Airport . in a choreograph ballet , the driver give up the key to a crew of tough guy ... then donnie and vinnie the fence help unload carton of perfume from the truck ... bursey ( v.o. ) ... uca purchase two dozen carton yves St. Laurent ' eau my Sin ' perfume ... -- donnie play backgammon at carmello 's ... on the board , as the piece move closer ... vinnie introduce he to jilly greca , a tough - look wiseguy in he late 40s . bursey ( v.o. ) ... uca be introduce to giuliano gr eca , a. k.a . J ill y.. . -- donnie open a carton of watch . . . donnie this go for 80 apiece . my end 's 20 . bursey ( v.o. ) ... uca sell 50 pateau mitsu boshi boeki digital watch . . . ( continued ) 12 . 5 continued : ( 6 ) he hand they to ... jilly . who inspect they . take the carton . peel off bill to donnie . back to present -- hogue , with headphone on , stub out a cigarette ... flash back -- donnie sit in hippopotamus ... casa Bella ... a after hour joint ... the piece on the backgammon board as they move closer ... donnie collapse heavily on he bed , amidst the spare furnishings of he apartment ... bursey ( v.o. ) . . . uca report no significant contact . . . back to present ·-- hogue open a budget folder ... berada ( v.o. ) , New York office request a extension of six month due to ... flash back -- donnie and berada at a booth in the cockey clam , a manila file between they . berada I get you another six month . I tell they it take time . donnie same budget ? berada same budget . look , Joe , not that I do not see any movement , but -- do you see any movement ? I get my neck out on this . donnie whatever it take , I be gonna get this bastard . berada do I a favor . just get one bastard . donnie read from the file . donnie ( frustrated ) ' . . . n of significant contact ...' ' ( continued ) 13 . 5 continued : ( 7 ) berada one other thing . you know how it be with the ' B ' . they see some of the surveillance picture ... donnie what ? berada they want you to shave the mo ust ache . . donnie I ' m undercover 1 berada you be still in the FBI . that 's the rule . CUT to : 6 int . day . casa bella wi nte R -- of g of n t he win dow . D isc o p lay 's on th e j uke box . Dr ink ing demitasse in the late afternoon : benjamin " lefty " ruggiero , early 5as , gaunt and raspy-voice , switched - on with nerve , testy and restless . he light up a English oval . · sitting around he : dominic " sonny black * napolitano , middle 40s . fireplug muscle , dyed black hair . sle epy as a l ion after a big meat l . do not for uck with the lion . nicholas " nicky " santora , late 30 , teddy bear paunch . Plays the fool . JOHN - boobie " cerasani , early 40s , gun -metal hard . all business . nobody 's fool . super below : casa bella restaurant . little italy . 1976 . lefty you can not say to I a lincoln be better than a cadillac . nicky it 's the better automobile , no question . head and shoulder . lefty geddadaheah . geddadaheah before you make I mad . ( continued ) 1 . 4 6 continued : sonny lefty , how you gonna be mad at nicky ? lefty I be not mad at he . I be mad at he stupidity . at the bar a man sit , unfold a newspape be . the ba rtender lo ok up -- it ' 's donnie . donnie coffee . B a C k o N -- T a B L E lefty a i not no c ompar ison . cadi llac get more acceleration , more power , more -- better handle , better look , more legroom for yo you leg , m ore po wer -- boobie you say that . lefty Said what ? boobie more power . lefty be get I so fuck aggravate , boobie , I forget what I say . nicky I ' 11 tell you one thing -- the lincoln be longer . lefty long what ? boobie whaddaya talkin ' about ? long wheelbase ? nicky long . like longer . in inch . it 's a longer car . lefty you know something , nicky , you do not make no fuck sense sometimes . ( continued ) 15 . ( 2 ) 6 cont inued : nicky you get two car . one 's longer . all thing be equal , the longer car be the one gonna get there first . lefty ai not the question all thing be equal . one 's a cadillac and one 's a lincoln . nicky the one 's longer get there first . that 's scientific fact . ( to sonny ) what 's better , a lincoln or a cadillac ? lefty why be you ask he ? nicky I ' m ask he . lefty why do not you ask I ? nicky I ask you already . lefty that 's right . and I tell you there 's no comparison . sonny what the fuck be you argue about ? mercede get it all over both of they . nicky fugge aboudit . mercede ? that 's a jewish car . they do not get it enough from the Germans in the war -- now they gotta be rob by they . ju dy app roac hes -- th e W ait ress , e arl y 2 0s . new to th e j ob . Son ny take she hand , kiss it . sonny angel , how about some pastry for the table ? lefty watch donnie sip coffee at the bar . leans over to nicky . ( continued ) 16 , ( 3 ) 6 continued : lefty who 's that ? nicky don. Don the jeweler . jilly bring he around . lefty jilly four eye ? nicky not jilly four eye . you know , jilly . from queen jilly . lefty he 's a jewel guy ? he know jewel ? nicky what -- you get a thing to lay off ? lefty ai not the question , I get a thing . I ' m say , if I have a thing , he could lay it off ? nicky whaddayou get to lay off ? sonny with judy as he punctuate he order with kiss of she hand . sonny a little cannoli . ( kiss ) svingi. ( kiss ) Zeppole . ( kiss ) sfogliateli ' . ( kiss ) judy we be out of sfogliatelli . sonny oh . then you gotta give I that kiss back . she giggle , kiss sonny on the cheek . judy can I ask you guy something ? you guy be wiseguy , right ? sonny what make you think we be wiseguy ? ( continued ) 17 . ( 4 ) 6 continued : judy what other grow man would have nothing better to do than sit here all afternoon drink coffee and nobody say anything ? they all look at each other . nicky we could be cop . laughter all around . lefty steal another look at donnie as he sit placidly drink he coffee . CUT to : 7 ext . later . little italy lefty rummage in the trunk of he cadillac . take out several designer dress , on hanger . two carton of tuna fish . two large stereo speaker . rummages some more . find a jewel BOX . CUT to : 8 int . later . casa bella donnie sip he coffee at the bar / read the paper . the restaurant be otherwise deserted -- sonny and the other guy have leave . lefty approach he . lefty you Don the jeweler ? donnie look up to the bartender . the bartender nod . lefty reach in he pocket , produce a five - carat diamond ring lefty that 's a beauty , eh ? that 's some beautiful thing . donnie look it over . give it to lefty . donnie give it to you wife . lefty . how be I gonna give it to my wife ? I be not marry . donnie you get a girlfriend ? , ( continued ) 18 . 8 continued : lefty yeah . Louise . he return the diamond to lefty . donnie marry she . lefty be you for real ? I be ask if you want to middle a diamond here . all I want for my end 's eight thousand . donnie I ' m say give it to somebody do not know any better . it 's a fugazy . lefty how can you say it 's a fugazy ? you look at it two second . donnie go ahead , try and sell it , you wanna be a dunsky . lefty ( angry ) I ' m a dunsky ? let I tell you something , my friend -- do you know who you be talk to ? the bartender , scare - - he know what lefty 's capable of . quickly mix a spritzer . bartender here , Left , have a spritzer . lefty ( sputtering ) my family , my child - - my mother can hold she head up in any neighborhood in the city when she walk down the clock . in all the five borough I be know , fuggedaboudit - - I be know all over the world . you ask around -- ask anybody about lefty from Mulberry Street . donnie I be sorry . it be just a misunderstanding . okay ? donnie back off , exit . lefty take the diamond out , look at i- fume . the bartender slide the spritzer over . ( continued ) 19 . C on T in U ed : ( 2 ) 8 bartender on the arm . lefty fugazy . fugazy my fuck ass . CUT to : 9 ext . later . casa bella donnie exhales out he tension -- unwind from the dicey moment with lefty . pull he collar up against the cold , head up the block . take a last look back inside at lefty . CUT to : 10 int . later . jeweler a jeweler , loupe in he eye , examine the diamond . jeweler it 's a fake . lefty this 's a fake ? jeweler nothing be what it seem . lefty take the fugazy back . pocket it . lefty because that 's what I be think . I think it be a fake , ( beat ) it 's a good fake , though , be not it . jeweler it 's a very good fake . lefty tha t's with hat I be 's aying . I think it be a fake . that 's what I think . lefty take the fugazy back . pocket it . CUT to : 11 ext . day . new jersey --suburb donnie drive the big station wagon , maggie alongside he . the girl in back . ( continued ) 20 . 11 continued : sherry daddy , will you be home Easter ? maggie do not ask daddy that question . sherry mommy , will daddy be home Easter ? terry you still believe in the Easter bunny ? kerry you be such a snot , Terry . maggie ( to Terry ) he will try he best . terry ( to Kerry ) do not look at I . I think it 's great he 's never home . sherry denise in school ask I today what daddy 's job be . maggie what would you tell she ? sherry none of she beeswax . terry just tell she he 's a salesman on the be oad a lot . I mean , who care what he really do ? maggie ( stern ) you be proud of what you father do . do y ou underst and I ? you father be a outstanding individual . terry jes we . L ig ht en up . T ha t' 's n to the point . kerry shut up , Terry . CUT to : 21 . 12 ext . later . grandpparent ' house the station wagon pull up . the kid run out into the embrace of maggie 's parent . maggie clijmb out , turn . maggie you say it be go to be six month , joe. CUT to : 13 int . day . acerg , inc . a storefront for fence goods . wiseguy play card , smoke ci gar ett es . the PA y p hon E rie ngs . J ill y p ick it up . CUT to : 14 int . same time . FBI safehouse a phone line patch into a reel - to- reel tape recorder among row of tap e rec order s. vo ice - activ ated -- it cl ick on , unspo ols .. . jilly ( o.c. ) hello ? CUT to : 15 int . morning . casa bella lefty talk on a pay phone . watch a man , indistinct in the background , sip coffee at the bar . lefty he 's okay ? phone ( o.c. ) Don the jeweler ? stand - up guy . ai not a leech , good earner . keeps to himself . rack focus to donnie at the bar , sip coffee . lefty watch he . flash CUT to : 16 int . the present . FBI headquarters hogue listen of n headpho ne . lefty ( o.c. ) where 's he from ? phone ( o.c. ) · ' ' . cali for nia . h e's a j ewe l g uy . ( continued ) 22 . 16 continued : lefty ( o.c. ) where California ? l.a.? phone ( o.c . ) do you know how fuck big California be ? how the fuck should I know ? he 's a jewel guy . the clock read " 10:25 * . lefty ( o.c. ) jilly -- he 's a stand - up guy , jilly ? phone ( o.c. ) look , Left , I say I know he . I do not say I fuck he . hogue hit fast forward ... the tape squeal . . . match SOUND flash CUT to : 17 ext . the past . cadillac the screech of rubber and the cadillac logo as donnie pull away from the curb in a scream - yellow coupe de ville . lefty light a English oval . lefty Nice car . ( beat ) go to 46th and 1st , I gotta make a collection . donnie what happen with that fugazy ? lefty man oh man , I gotta school you , my friend . Di ' not jilly school you ? the smoke be thick now ... donnie power down he window . donnie School I in what ? lefty donnie / put you window up , donnie . I ' m gonna catch a draft . donnie power he window back up . ( continued ) 23 . 17 continued : lefty a non- wiseguy never ask a wiseguy a question . a non - wiseguy do not even talk to a wiseguy unless the wiseguy talk to he first . capeesh ? donnie yeah . I get it . lefty you do not raise you hand to a wiseguy . you do not mess with he wome . n--- wife or girlfriend or daughter . just keep you mout h shut -- do not put business on the street . donnie follow the rule . a cab cut they off . lefty lean over / honk the horn . lefty cocksuckerj motherfucker cut you off . ( resume ) you gotta have rule . otherwise , what be with e ? we be like anima ls . he lean over . viciously honk the horn again . resume with one eye on the cab ... lefty wiseguy have a bag , you pick up the bag . wiseguy run a tab , you pick u p the tab . wiseguy be always right -- even if he 's wrong he 's be ight . all the way u p the l ine . conne cted guy to wiseguy to skipper to boss . donnie like the Army . lefty what ? donnie I say it 's like the Army . chain of command . '' lefty ai not nothing like the Army . the Army , it 's some guy you do not know send you to whack out some other guy you do not know . the Army 's a jerkoff outfit . ( continued ) 24 . ( 2 ) 17 con tinued : donnie I mean the same principle . lefty ai not the question , donnie . you see , that 's why I gotta school you . because otherwise you get everything upside down . ( beat ) you get a girl ? donnie yeah . in California . lefty · good . let she enjoy herself in California . the cab cut off donnie again ... and lefty blows ... lefty donnie , catch up with that cocksucker . donnie which cocksucker ? lefty he cut you off again , ( point ) that fuck -- the cabl that one ! do no ie -- donnie speed up , chase the cab ... lefty open the glove compartment . Hit a button and the trunk pop OPEN . a red light the cab stop . lefty jump out of the cadillac ... in the trunk lefty pull out a jack , hustle up to the cab . the cabbie a pakistani , 30 , oblivious . then he -se lefty approach in he side - view mirror . lefty what 's fuck wrong with you ? hah ? the be 's no fu ckin g etiquette of the road with you ? the cabbie flip a " fuck you " signal with he middle finger ... roll up he window . lefty · . , fuck wh o? fuc k m e ? ( continued ) 25 . ( 3 ) 17 continued : donnie out of the cadillac , run toward lefty ... inside the cab , a nervous passenger gather she shopping bag ... smash 1 as the cabbie 's window cave in ... lefty with the jack . . . swing down hard on the windshield . from inside , a spider 's web of shattered glass . donnie approach worry on he face . the passenger flee down the block . the cabbie hang out the window , grab and punch at lefty . lefty yank he out of the car . donnie - , Left , c'mon . en ough . donnie grab lefty , try to pull he off . a driver heckles from a pass car . driver fuck youl donnie hey , fuck youl the cabbie hang onto lefty . lefty snap off the cab 's antenna , start to whip the cabbie with it . the cabbie bite lefty . lefty yelp , back off . on --t he acce lerato R as the cab bie slam he foot down . the light tur ns red . th e cab fishtail through crossing traffic ... the cabbie tremble with fear , look in he rear-view mirror as he speed away . watching he donnie and lefty , as driver in pass car shoot look of disapproval they way . lefty light a cigarette . lefty this fuck guy . they come to this country , they flaunt the be ule of t he road . T hey give the ' fuck you ' sign to a man in the . street . . . donnie what kind of bullshit be that ? ( continued ) 26 17 CO nti nue D : ( 4 ) lefty Fucking sand nigger . I will never fuck understand it . why be it always the guy who drive a car for a live be the worst fuck driver there be ? CUT to : 18 int . day . restaurant donnie sit at a bar with a drink . lefty listen to the owner , tough - look , 30 , as he wriggles . lefty I just want what 's owed . owner you know , you be not the only guy 's owed money . donnie you do not wanna pay it you should not have borrow it . owner who 's this cocksucker ? like lightning , donnie slap the owner hard -- forehand , backhand . grab he collar belt he hard a uppercut in the solar plexus . the owner sag to he knee . nausea in wave . do nnie find the owner 's wallet in he jacket pocke to take t he money from the wallet . peel off a five , stuff it in the owner 's mouth . donn Ie that 's for the drink . CUT to : 19 int . later . cadillac cash as lefty count it out . donnie drive through the lower East side waterfront . lefty ( scolding ) Don nie -- with hy would you pay for or th at drink ? wiseguy never pay for a drink . donnie okay . I do not know . ( continued ) 27 . 19 continued : lefty always on the arm . ( chuckle ) you scared that guy , though , manag gia -- that crack I up . I get 26 fuck hit under my belt and you be the one he 's scared of . lefty catch himself -- should not have say that about the hit . broods a beat . lefty hey , donnie , pull over . CUT to : 20 int . later . cadillac tool out on the front seat . lefty unscrew the dashboard . donnie lean in . lefty Hand I they plier . donnie the vise grip or the needle nose ? lefty fuggedaboudit . I will get it myself . he lean out . take the plier . go back to work dismantle the dashboard . donnie I do not know , Left . this be the best car I ever have . lefty you do not hear that ? that rattling ? donnie I never have any trouble with this car . lefty give I a hand with this . lefty and donni e pull off the dashb oard . lef ty look i nside . Fe el around . lefty ( satisfied ) it 's clean . ( continued ) 28 . 20 continued : donnie ( get it ) hey , you get something to say to I , Left , say it to my face . lefty I be not say nothing , donnie . donnie you think I get a fuck wire in my car ? lefty do I say that ? donnie what do you think -- you think I ' m a fuck rat stoolpigeon ? lefty you can not be too careful this day s. even the ear have ear . ( beat ) C be on . they need some body on the street down at toyland . CUT to : 21 ext . day . toyl and -- little italy a car pull up and two prosperous - look skipper get out -- dominick " big trin " trinchera , fat and fortyish , and philip " PHILLY lucky " giaccone , 40s , shrewd eye behind glass . they disappear into a unimpose social club . wiseguy stand guard in the cold outside . lefty arrive with donnie in tow . lefty nicky / this 's donnie . ( they nod ) how would minx 's Magic do in the fifth ? be , .·- · li wiseguy # 1 he lose . lefty how could he lose ? wiseguy # 1 what the fuck do he give a fuck ? he 's a horse . you be the one that 's out ten grand . lefty fucki now I gotta bet another dime Sunday just to get to where , . I be yesterday . ( continued ) 29 . 21 continued : red cowboy boot move up the block ... they belong to alphonse " sonny red " indelicato , 5as , barrel chest . with he , he son , ANTHONY bruno indelicato , 20 , pale and bald , coked out . lefty ( aside , to donnie ) Fucking sonny Red . sonny Red stop , confront lefty . sonny red ( nod to donnie ) who 's this ? lefty this 's donnie , a friend of mine . bruno just stand there and look dangerous , friend . lefty ( proud ) yeah , he do look dangerous , do not he ? bruno snort in disgust as he and he father move along . lefty sonny Red , everything 's a beef with he , he and bruno , that son of he . donnie he do not look so dangerous himself . lefty ah , he 's a stone degenerate , he 's coke - up half the time . like all this fuck kdd nowadays . a h uge L incol N pu lls u P. bo dygua rds j ump out of for th e car . and carmine " lilo " galante , 69 , fat and bald , huge cigar , emerge from the lincoln . awestruck , all watch as , surround by wiseguy , Galante disappear into the club . lefty watch / st ub out he cigare tte . turn 's to donni e. lefty the boss . CUT to : 30 . 22 ext . sunset . roof lefty tend to the pigeon coops on he roof , donnie alongside he . louise , early 30 , a good-look woman in stretch pants , bring lefty a spritzer . louise here you go , bennie . you sure you do not wanna spritzer , donnie ? donnie no thanks , Louise . louise you change you mind , I be downstairs . she head downstairs . donnie turn back to lefty . lefty . . - not for nothing , but ... how would you know that be a fugazy ? donnie jewel be my business . if I buy a fugazy , I lose . I hate to lose . . lefty that 's a good business , jewel ? good money in it ? donnie pretty good . lefty you keep you nose clean , be a good earner , listen to what I 's chool you -- there be not a crystal ball big enough for what we could do . donnie ( off pigeon ) do you know there use to be falcon in hew York ? lefty they get everything in this fuck city . donnie peregrine falcon . they live across the river . lefty in queen ? donnie in the palisade , ( continued ) 31 . 22 continued : lefty the palisade be Jersey , donnie . donnie I ' m say that 's why there 's so many pigeon now . the falcon use to hunt them and kill them off . lefty I love this fuck pigeon . I ' d die before I ' d let anybody touch this pigeon . _ do no Ie that falcon could read a newspaper from a mile up . lefty a bird could read the newspaper ? donnie I be say they eyesight . lefty hey , donnie - - you get a couple hundred , donnie ? I get some thing I gotta take care of . donnie reach in he wallet . donnie what do you want / two hundred ? lefty lean over , peer into he wallet . lefty whaddaya get there , three hundred ? gimme three hundred . donnie hand over the $ 300 -- empties he wallet . lefty take it , fold it ito a roll . put the hundred on the outside ... lefty do not be carry you money in a wallet no more . wiseguy get he money in a roll , like this . beaner on the outside . donnie you be the boss . lefty I be not the boss , donnie . the boss end up dead or in jail . why the fuck would I want to be the boss ? ( continued ) 32 22 continue D : ( 2 ) donnie it 's just a expression . lefty and shave off that moustache . that 's against the rule . donnie hey , Left , if it 's okay , I be gonna run . I will see you tomorrow . lefty do I gotta school you in everything ? tomorrow 's mother 's Day . wiseguy do not work on mother 's Day . CUT to : 23 int . night . the cockeyed clam donnie sit with berada as he read over some document . berada Benjamin ruggiero . a.k.a . ' lefty , ' ' lefty gun , ' ' lefty two gun . ' a couple of bullshit case , never do time . donnie this be way beyond what we talk about --- " fence and hijacker . T he be a make guy . do you kno with what that mean ? the be 's only maybe 3000 make guy in the whole fuck country . berada ( smile ) it mean you be in , kid . donnie can you believe it -- a make guy ? ( muse ) a very peculiar make guy . flash CUT to : 24 int . the present . FBI headquarters hogue read a memorandum . lebow on the phone . berada ( v.o. ) . . . in light of the above contact , we request a additional six month . . . ( continued ) 33 . 24 continued : hogue berada 's the guy who run this ? jule I take over when he retire . lebow cover the receiver with he hand . lebow the surveillance be in place at the church hall . CUT to : 25 ex T. day . C hur ch hal l-- ne W J ers ey a large reception hall adjoin a Catholic church . sound of a big band tuning up inside . up the block : a ma bell repair van park by a telephone pole . FBI # 1 , in the guise of a telephone linesman , climb the pole ... CUT to : 26 int . same time . surveillance van a FBI tech team monitor listen device . a array of surveillance photo and mug shot as they be spread over a small table . tech # 1 look with binoculars through one - way glass . tech # 1 ( to phone ) ... by tonight we will have a guy inside ... CUT to : 27 int . same time . FBI headquarters lebow cover the phone , turn to hogue . lebow they be gonna put in one of we guy as a busboy tonight . jule who ? lebow I do not know . ( continued ) 34 . 27 continued : jule I want to know . if we be gonna put a guy inside , I want it to be one of we best guy . lebow go back to the phone . hogue turn to Jules . hogue I want to talk to berada . flash CUT to : 28 int . the past . pistone home donnie shave he moustache in the bathroom . sound of the front door unlock and then close downstairs . maggie ( o.c. ) Joe ? donnie up here . on maggie as she head up the stair ... maggie I have no idea you be come home . I be suppose to go to the movie tonight with the grant . she enter the bathroom as he wipe the shave cream off he face . he look up , half he moustache shave off . her face fall . maggie oh , Joe , do not -- ( beat ) forget it . donnie what 's the matter ? maggie I like you moustache . it 's the only thing I like about this thing of yours . donnie well , what do you want I to do now ? maggie I want you to ask I . donnie you could have say something . ( continued ) 35 . 28 continued : ' maggie what would you suggest I do -- tell berada to get a message to you that I like you moustache ? donnie that 's not the point . maggie I have to ask you about every frigging thing . she jockey for room at the mirror to put on she makeup . donnie maggie , I will be two second . maggie they be suppose to pick I up five minute ago . donnie you be go to the movie with the grant ? maggie why do not you come ? donnie the last thing I want to do tonight be go to the movie with the grant . maggie I be not cancelling . agitate , he start to compulsively organize the medicine chest , the shelf . donnie where be everybody ? I do not say anything ? I be sure I say something . maggie Joseph -- I think I would remember . donnie well , they should be home anyway . what time be it ? maggie sherry 's sleep over at Mom 's , she 's teach she how to sew . Kerry 's at choir practice . donnie where 's Terry ? ( continued ) 36 . ( 2 ) 28 continued : maggie she 's with she boyfriend . ( off he rearranging ) leave my stuff alone . donnie what boyfriend ? maggie k enny . wha t be you worri ed about ? I be 14 when we start dating . donnie that 's what I ' m worried about . maggie he 's a nice kid . Nice family . he 's on the wrestle team . donnie I ' m sure he be . I ' m sure he 's practice he takedown right now . maggie maybe I '11 shave my head next time - -· see how you like it . a car horn honk outside . donnie 's rearranging grow more agitate ... donnie ( angry ) I expect you to have some sense of priority . I put a roof over y we he ad . I put clo the 's of n e very body ' 's bac k. I put g as i n the car . maggie grab he wrist ... he wrestle she off . maggie leave my stuff alone . donnie I give you whatever I can give . what I can not give you be a moustache . I do not have a choice . I have to shave the moustache . maggie I do not give a shit about the m oustache . but if yo u're gonna live you life however the fuck you want then let I live mine . ( continued ) 37 . ( 3 ) 28 continued : she storm out . he ball up a towel , hurl it against the wall . CUT to : 29 I not . night . pistone home --bedr oom maggie sleep . donnie , wide awake , stare at the ceiling . hear a efngine . a car door . 4:32 a.m. on t he cl oc k. he ge ts u p . lo ok t hr oug h the b li nos . see 's hi 's daughter Terry as she kiss she boyfriend good night . donnie' Pov Terry kiss and kiss ... and kiss ... Falls back onto the hood of the car and slide down it . donnie sense that he 's lose control of he family . CUT to : 30 int . day . FBI headquarters hogue look up at the clock . 12 noon a tape play on the tape recorder ... lefty ( o.c. ) hello ? donnie ( o.c. ) Left ? donn ie . I ' m ju st ch eckin g in . lefty ( o.c. ) where you be , donnie ? you gotta check in . donnie ( o.c. ) that 's what I say . I be check in . lzfty ( o.c. ) do you see the paper ? donnie ( o.c. ) I just wake up . L efty ( o.c. ) how come every morning you be read the paper except this morning ? ' , ( continued ) 38 . 30 continued : donnie ( o.c. ) I just wake up , left. lefty ( o.c. ) fuggedaboudit . you better fuck get down here . clickl and a dial tone ... CUT to : 31 int . day . cadillac the front page of the New York Post --a photograph of carmine Galante , he cigar still clench in he tooth , sprawle bloody , dead in a Brooklyn restaurant . under the headline : rubout lefty fold the paper in disgust , light a English oval - - even more jumpy than usual . donnie drive lefty 's cadillac across the Brooklyn Bridge . lefty the B oss get with hack . T he fuck boss -- you do not even know the fuck boss exist until he get whacked , and then you whole fuck life get turn around . donnie where be we go ? lefty Brooklyn . I get send for . ( mutter ) the boss get whacked . another thing I get leave out of . donnie what do that mean , you get send for ? lefty what do you think it mean ? I get send for by sonny Black . I be tell you , I be sick with this . donnie sonny Red ? lefty do I say sonny Red ? not sonny red. sonny Black . ( gesture ) and do not ride the brake , ( more ) ( continued ) 39 31 continued : lefty ( cont would ) do not drive my cadillac the way you drive you car . donnie how do you know what he want ? lefty that fuck sonny Black . I know he . he get upped to skipper , first thing he 's gonna do be go out and buy a big fuck mercede . donnie they should up you before they up sonny Black . lefty it 's he reward for whack the boss . do I have to explain every fuck thing to you ? donnie I think you and sonny Black be friend . lefty if you ever whacked a guy , donnie , you would not ask such stupid question . donnie I whacked a guy once . lefty when ? donnie in a argument . lefty · a argument do not count . ( derisive ) a argument -- you whack you wife in a argument . donnie I be just say . lefty ai not the question . do not say you know when you do not know . donnie it could be anything sonny send for you for . ( continued ) 40 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) lefty I get send for , donnie . with this thing , you go in alive and you come out d ead . and t he of not th at kill you be you best fuck friend . lefty light another cigarette . donnie power the window down a cra ck . L efty glar es at he . donn ie p ower the windo with bac k up . CUT . to : 32 E xt . day . tee m otion L ounge -- brookly N t - * donnie drive up wither Street . pull up to a three - story building in a work - class neighborhood . lefty take a last drag of he cigarette , climb out . lefty anything happen , make sure Louise get the cadillac . CUT to : 33 int . day . motion lounge nicky and boobie play gin . Neil diamond 's " Love on the rock " play of n the juke BOX . Left y enter . nicky ( sing ) ' Love on the rock , be not no surprise . ' looklt this hand . this be not a hand . this 's a deform fuck creature of the Black lagoon fuck claw . boobie left. nicky Left . ' Love on the rock , be not no surprise . ' ( to boobie ) ming '1 I know you be gonna grab that ! lefty , white with fear , sit down with he back to the wall . nicky ' Love on the rock , be not no surprise . ' boobie it be not no fuck surprise neither . ( continued ) 41 . 33 continued : nicky ( lay out card ) gin. boobie nicky , that be not gin . nicky geddadaheah , that 's gin . boobie you get two seven . boobie show he he card . nicky whaddaya mean I get two seven ? I know I have three seven . boobie from now on we play the honor system . you do not even show I you hand . CUT to : · 34 ext . day . motion lounge donnie sit in the car . drum he finger on the wheel . thinks ... then reach behind himself -- unsnap the holster strapped to he belt , hold he combat knife . climb out of the car . up a couple of step . and through the door ... CUT to : 35 int . motion lounge ... into the motion Lounge . nicky and boobie shoot wary look at he . who 's this ? lefty turn to they . lefty it 's okay . he 's a friend of mine . lefty glare at donnie--accuses he with he eye : who tell you to come in here ? donnie sit down -- something in the placid atmosphere that tell he : this be how it happen . nicky peer over as boobie write on the scorepad . nicky you give I credit for that ? boobie slide he the scorepad . ( continued ) 42 . 35 continued : boobie Fine . you keep score . nicky I do not know how . boobie how the hell can you play gin if you do not know how to keep score ? nicky I ' m a natural . the flush of a toilet as sonny emerge from the bathroom , read a slip of paper . crumple it , throw it in the trash . sonny ( complain ) two hundred in action and we come out with 35 . that " fuck boot - he run that book like a old lady . that 's gonna c hange . ( off donnie ) who 's this fuck guy ? boobie he 's with lefty . sonny ( to lefty ) C 'mon . let 's go take a ride , ( to donnie ) you too . donnie and lefty share a look of fear . CUT to : 36 ext . day . motion lounge they emerge . park in the back -- a brand - new mercede . lefty look at it . turn to donnie . lefty ( mutter ) what the fuck do I tell you ? sonny unlock the car . sonny hey , Left -- ride up front with I . CUT to : 43. 37 int . day . mercede sonny drive on the Long Island Expressway . lefty in the front seat , edg y . bo obie and nicky flan k Don nie i n ba ck . h e gla nce nervo usly at th they . size they up . sonny ai not this beautiful , the ride on this ? nicky h ey , sonny -- can ' t you driv e a y faster ? I get a date tonight out in Jersey . sonny which broad be this ? nicky this be the one from the calendar . remember that calendar I show ed you ? m iss pennzo il Air filter of 1976 . sonny and boobie mime hold two big breast . sonny and boobie ( unison ) che mennel nicky that 's the one . lefty , nervous , pull down the sun visor . look at boobie in the mirror . sonny hey , Left , what ' cha do ? lefty just check my part . sonny ( chuckle ) ah , Le ft -- what a m I gonna do without you ? ( to donnie ) what would you do without this guy , hah , kid ? you would have to find yourself a new goombah . lefty get very nervous ... nicky that be something about the boss , be not it ? sonny we all gotta go sometime . ( continued ) 44 . 37 continued : lefty , terrified , look at boobie again . boobie nod . donnie watch this ... thinks : what to do ? CUT to : 38 ext . day . kennedy airport they walk from the park mercede toward a freight hangar . the scene be otherwise deserted . lefty nervous , light a cigarette . plane periodically roar overhead . nicky ( sing ) ' Love on the rock , be not no surprise . ' lefty sonny , what be this ? we glomm something ? sonny open the door . sonny after you . lefty walk into the darkness ... a terrifying silence ... then -- rrrrrrroar1 CUT to : 39 int . hangar the light come up . a pale and shake lefty look straight into the eye of a lion cub as it growls . a bluff freight handler hold the lion on a leash . lefty Christ . I think I shit my pants . freig ht handler it be suppose to go to some a i mar l de al er . fu ck h im . I ' l l tell he it get lose . sonny look , Left , he like you . the cub nuzzle and sniff at lefty . lefty ( to lion ) get the fuck outta here . ( continued ) 45 . 39 continued : sonny that 's for you , Left . for you birthday . batter late than never . lefty that 's why you send for I ? sonny yeah , why ? whaddayou think , you be gonna get whacked ? ( laugh ) lefty think he 's : gonna get whackedl nicky ( laugh ) what a pisserl sonny what , over that 175 grand you owe down in Little Italy ? do not worry , chooch . ( hard ) now you owe it to I . CUT to : 40 ext . night . the motion lounge donnie , lefty and the lion pile into the cadillac . sonny , nicky and boobie wave as they drive off . CUT to : 41 int . night . cadillac they drive back to Manhattan , the lion growling in the back seat . lefty turn around . lefty ( to lion ) Jesus Christ -- shaddup already ! donnie he 's hungry , Left , CUT to : 42 int . night . white castle " Home of the Square hamburger . " lefty and donnie approach the counter . ( continued ) 46 . 42 continued : lefty forty hamburger . CUT to : 43 ext . night . white castle donnie and a melancholy lefty sit on the hood of the cadillac , throw hamburger to the lion . lefty thirty year , there ever be a piece of work t of be do -- call lef ty -- I not have be c om pla in ed . B ut do I get upped ? they pass I by . sonny Black get upped . I do not get fuck upped . donnie at least you get Louise . lefty sonny Black have four broad do not add up t of lo uise . you get a girl ? donnie yeah . I tell you , in California . lefty that 's a good thing . one broad 's enough . she 's a good woman , Louise . my son Tommy , she 's more of a mother to he than my ex - wife , that bitch , ( beat ) my own fuck son 's a junkie , you believe it ? donnie you should give he a smack in the mouth once in a while . lefty believe I , I get bruise on my h a ds . my d au gh the be , J a e t -- 28 year old , she be not marry . my daughter francine , she 's out in California . she be not marry . I be tell you , donnie , I gotta worry 24 h ours a day . a woman like Louise , I can not do right by she - -l be not get three buck in my pocket . I get can cer of th e be ick . my ex - wife , sh e still eive in the building . I see she on the stair , I gotta have three spritzer just to calm down . ( continued ) 47 . 43 continued : donnie what do you mean , cancer of the prick ? lefty Cancer of the prick . oh , yeah , you do not know that ? fuggedaboudit . I ' m in the medical book with that . donnie I never hear of that . lefty I be not a mutt -- 30 year busting m y hump , for or what ? S onny Black they up to skip per . do I get upped ? I ' m like Claude Rain -- I ' m the invisible fuck man. donnie you know , Left , not for nothing , but six hour ago you think you 's gonna get whacked . lefty ai not the question , donnie . do I say I be gonna get whacked ? donnie no. lefty do not say you know when you do not know , donnie . you d of n ' t know . donnie I do not know ' cause you do not Tel l I . how co I yo u didn 't tell I about that money you owe ? lefty fuggg edabq udit . you know what · the vig be on that ? that fuck blackstein be gonna have the arm on I every fuck week . donnie maybe I could help you out . lefty I will tell you something -- I go in front of all the skipper , sonny Red and Philly lucky and all of they . I go on the record with you . you know what that mean ? ( continued ) 48 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) . : donnie I do not know . lefty you do not ? donnie I do ? lefty you get no fuck idea , my friend . I ' m you man now -- Jesus Christ can not touch you because I represent you . donnie you and I , Left . lefty I get Louise and I get you . they toss hamburger to the lion , the White Castle beside they , light bright against the bleak urban landscape . CUT to : 44 int . day . pistone home a party for Kerry 's confirmation . a priest hobnob with donnie 's extend family . uncle bob arrive , look for Kerry . uncle bob where 's Kerry ? ( find she ) Kerry , that 's the prettiest confirmation dress I have ever see . Terry sulk in a corner . maggie enter with a tray of cookie . uncle bob be Joe here ? maggie he 's on the phone . the cheery hubbub subside as the noise of donnie 's holler crescendoe in the next room ... donnie ( o.c. ) I do not give a fuck , Left !... what the fuck do you want I to do ?... I do not give a fuck what that mothe rfuck er sa ys - -y ou believe he or I ? ( continued ) 49 . 44 continued : awkward look all around . mrs . pistone , 60 , donnie 's mother , sidle up to maggie . mrs . pistone who 's bother Joseph ? CUT to : 45 int . night . pistone bedroom donnie sleep . maggie lie awake . maggie I want a divorce . donnie there have not be a divorce in my family back to julius caesar . divorce someone else . maggie I ' m serious . donnie maggie , I ' m tired . go to sleep . maggie will you see a therapist ? donnie it 's just another six month . maggie I can not sleep for six month , joe. CUT to : 46 int . day . office shelly berger , late 40s , flannel shirt , earth shoe -- psychotherapist -- sit with donnie and maggie . maggie ... he come home at all hour of the night , without announce when or why , or where he 's be for three week . or three month . then he expect everything to be just the way he want it . be vacuum the entire house . do you know another man who vacu um ? it 's abno rmal . of course , he expect the girl to drop they life when he show u. . . p ( continued ) 50 , 46 continued : donnie I ' m they father , maggie . I ring that doorbell I expect they home . maggie they think it 's a jehovah 's witness . ( to berger ) you would think he would tell I where he go or with ha t h e ' 's d of in g-- donnie that 's for you own protection . maggie hal ( to berger ) I know he 's ch ea t in g of n m e -- donnie I do not have to listen to that bullshit . maggie no , why do not you just leave ? that 's what you be good at . berger please just listen without say a nyt hin g--t hat 's t he tas k for or today . oth erwise you just rep lay the old pathology . ( beat ) maggie , you be talk about Joe 's disappearance . maggie I nev er go of ut any mor e . what couple want to go out with a - t hird whee l ? even wh en he 's ho I it 's not like we have any friend any more . berger so you resent he for express you autonomy need ? maggie yes , I resent he . berger for express you autonomy need . maggie ( unsure ) yes. berger and you , Joe -- what do you think you be run from ? ( continued ) 51 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) donnie I be not runnin ' from nothin' . maggie ( mimic ) ' I be not runnin ' from nuttin' . the man I marry be a college man . ( to berger ) sorry . berger ( resume , to donnie ) be the distancer force maggie into the role of the pursuer . that give you a feel of power . simultaneously you resent maggie for express the very intimacy need that in you own li fe yo u 'v e-- donnie . I ' m a undercover agent for the FBI ! maggie I do not marry the FBI , Joe . he write on a pad . donnie try to peek at what he 's write . berger okay . I want yo u to spli t the week in half . Monday , Wednesday and Friday be Joe 's intimacy day . tuesday , Thursday 's , and Saturday be maggie ' 's . on you day , you make one intimacy request . you partner agree in advance to meet it . whatever it be . donnie what 's that --- a intimacy request ? berger a n i nti mac y be eque st . Li ke ' ru b my back , ' or ' help I work out this problem with the kid . ' odd day , even day , Sunday 's off . ( beat ) and mastur bate . I be ecommend i t , for both of you . it 's a good way to blow off stress . CUT to : 47 int . evening . cadillac donnie drive . maggie sulk , look out the window . ( continued ) 52 47 continued : donnie can I ask you something ? maggie no . donnie how much be this cost ? maggie do not say anything . donnie okay , maggie -- I want you to answer my question . this be my intimacy request . maggie a hundred dollar . donnie that be a hundred dollar ? maggie that 's what I say , Joe . donnie a hundred dollar . and how many of this do you think we will need ? . . maggie I do not know . donnie one hundred dollar . maggie be this still you intimacy request ? because otherwise I would rather not discuss it anymore . donnie I gotta work a ten hour day risk my life to make a hundred dollar ! maggie who be you risk you life for ? not I , joe. donnie ( mincing ) ' will you rub my back ' ? va'a'fonaooll maggie you be a animal . ( continued ) 53. ( 2 ) 47 continued : D o N NI E you know wha t my intimacy request be of be he ? it ' 's very in timate . he can take that bill he 's gonna send I and shove it up he ass . maggie start to punch he . maggie you be a animal1 animal1 donnie try to fend she off while he drive . the car swing wildly . approach the opposite way : a tractor trailer donnie swerve . the car tumble off the road onto a soft shoulder . maggie continue to hit at donnie . he wrestle with she . maggie I hope ( punch ) that guy you be hang out with ( punch ) be lay you ( punch ) because I ' m ( punch ) not anymore ! he look at she . she look at he . and they kiss passionately grapple in the front seat ... he grab she . pull she toward he . realize that she be encumber by something . she deftly unhook the bel to ki ss he neck . .. maggie ( under she breath ) do it . but he 's not buy . donnie maggie -- who tell you to wear a seat belt ? maggie what ? donnie it 's a simple question . you never wear a seat belt before / maggie . maggie wait a minute - - be this -- you think I be have a affair ? ( continued ) 54 . ( 3 ) 47 continued : D o N N Ie I do not 's ay that . it 's interesting that you would say that , though . maggie you be right -- I ' m secretly see a man who want I to ' buckle up for safe ty ' . we h ave t hree child ren , Joe - -r emember t hem ? one of we have to play it safe . she slam out of the car ... out on the shoulder with car whipping by ... donnie chase after she . donnie I just ask a simple question . you be the one that bring it up with the affair . maggie bull hit . it 's so fr iggi no ironic that you would think I ' m up to 's omet hing . my n ights be homework and basketball game . what be you night ? donnie you know what I be do . maggie I do not know a goddam thing . donnie I be do the job . that 's the job . maggie I live like a widow , Joe . that 's the only way I can deal with this , with the photograph and memory and we child , and I go on with my life . like you be already dead . donnie it 's for you own protection . maggie it 's not protect I -- it 's kill I . CUT to : 55 . 48 int . night . pistone home maggie sleep . donnie lie awake . donnie when do you all of a sudden from nowhere start say , ' do it ' , maggie ? maggie what ? go to sleep . donnie ' do it . ' you never say that -- ' do it ' . you never talk that way before . CUT to : 49 int . morning . pistone home Kerry wake up to a odd groan and whining noise ... downstair . donnie compulsively vacuum the live room . CUT to : 50 int . later . pistone bedroom bursey install a special black phone . the girl watch with donnie . bursey this be a New York number -- it patch through to here . maggie flutter through wear she sweatsuit . maggie I ' m sorry to run out , honey . I have e a aero bics class . tak e care of yourself . she give he a peck on the cheek , exit . donnie turn to the girl donnie tha t's a spe cial phone . you d of not call on i t . yo u don 't answer it . nobody touch that phone under any circumstance . understood ? terry · jawohl , herr commandantl Terry give donnie a nazi salute . goosestep out of the bedroom . ( continued ) 56 . 50 continued : donnie hey . heyl donnie chase she a couple of step . she hurtle down the stair . slam out the door . donnie turn back . bursey shrug , continue to install the phone . Kerry and sherry indict he with they eye . exit the bedroom . CUT to : 51 int . morning . cadillac donnie drive through a drive rain . look in the rear - view mirror . get suspicious . turn . a car turn with he ... following ' he . donnie tense he turn again . again , the car follows . donnie look again in the rear-view mirror . something familiar about that car ... turn again . a scowl of recognition play across donnie 's face . and he go cold ... approach a intersection : a yellow light donnie slow , then speed through the intersection as the yellow light go red ... check he mirror -- the other car be stuck at the light . inside the other car it 's maggie . she smack the steering wheel in anger . maggie fuck you . fuck fuck fuck you . flash CUT to : 52 ext . the present . FBI headquarters a helicopter whip across the familiar face of Washington , D.C. land on the roof of FBI headquarters . FBI men , include Marshall , rush to I et it . eme rgi no for m th e c hop per -- it's berada . indomitable black eye burn in a face grey with illness . CUT to : 53 int . day . FBI headquarters berada , surround by suit . hogue pace with document . ( continued ) 57 53 continued : hogue . . . $ 9 , 0 0 0 for miscellaneous -- miscellaneous what ?... a $ 22,000 car ... $ 40000 for x-rate videotape ? flash CUT to : 54 int . the past . the cockeyed clam donnie meet with a young berada . berada . . . I get a agent down in florid a , Fred C alvin -- I go t my finger in the dike and he 's get he thumb up he ass . a million buck in it and calvin 's get nothing . donnie meanwhile three year I have be .undercover and I can not get a fuck two thousand dollar raise . berada joe -- donnie ( correct he ) do no ie . C al l m e Don no e -- I d on 't wanna get confuse . berada we have be through this . to get a raise you gotta go up to supervisor grade . donnie I supervise my prick . not even t hree year s-- thry ee a d a h alf year . berada gs - 14 be supervisor . that 's the rule . donnie fuggedaboudit . berada now what the hell 's this about porno tape ? ( continued ) 58 54 continued : donnie I need 40 grand , I gotta middle some porno tape . berada forty grand for porno tape ? donnie you will get it back . it 's nothing . half of they be for fag . berada oh , that make I feel much better . you do not watch it , you be gonna be back in the bucket listen to the bulgarian all day . flash CUT to : 55 int . the present . FBI headquarters berada address hogue from he wheelchair . berada he have to do some not - so- nice thing , sir . he 's not undercover in the Camp Fire Girls . ho G U E ( be ead ing ) ' uca request four handgun , preferably .38 caliber , to assist in a bank robbery ' ? CUT to : 56 int . the past . the cockeyed clam donnie you take out the fire pin . the gun do not work . what the fuck be you worried about ? berada no . donnie why not ? berada how be ' I gonna explain that to Washington ? ( continued ) J · . 59 . 56 continued : donnie hey , guy , you have to explain this to Washington , that 's you fuck job . for I to do my job I need the fuck gun . berada there 's no procedure for this . donnie I do not give a fuck about the fuck procedure . you think ( gesture ) they have fuck procedure ? hah ? I want the fuck gun and I want the fuck money . understood ? berada stare at donnie , frighten . on he face we see he doubt about what 's happen to donnie . flash CUT to : 57 int . the present . FBI berada you guy say no to the gun . I do not see why it 's come up now . lebow there 's a 209 that say sonny Black might get hit tonight . and Joe would get hit as one of he crew . berada what do Joe say ? marshall we do not know where Joe be . berada what do you mean - - you lose he ? hogue do not you think at any point that this be get a little out there ? berada everything in this operation be a judgement call , sir . and we relied on he judgement . he be the one in the field . ( continued ) 60 . 57 continued : hogue ( with document ) this request have you name on they . why the h ell do yo u go ahead with this ? CUT to : 58 int . the past . the cockeyed clam donnie Santo trafficante -- how long 's he be the boss of for Florida ? you could put he head on you wall . ( berada think ) if I go down to Florida and vouch for this jerkoff , whatever he n ame be -- berada Fred calvin . donnie every door in Florida will open for this guy calvin like it . be on ball fuck bearing . but I with a t t he gu ns . T h e mo n ey . a no no more fuck bullshit . berada do not talk to I like you be talk to they , Joe . donnie donnie . berada joe. donnie do not waste my time . with all this bullshit about pr ocedure , you ' 11 do whatever it take to get t hese guy . same as m e. berada mull it over a beat . berada you really think we could get trafficante ? donnie get up . turn . donnie if I vouch for this guy and he fuck up -- I will put a bullet in he fuck head . ( continued ) 61 . 58 continued : ' · donnie exit . berada worries that this be get out of hand . CUT to : 59 int . the present . FBI headquarters berada stare at hogue , stone - face . berada there be never any moment when I think Joe or the operation be out of control , sir . CUT to : 60 ext . the past . motion lounge a lion in winter . Le fty in hi 's overcoat , the lio n on its l eash . a cold drizzle fall . the lion stop , sniff at a automobile . lift a leg : pees on the tire lefty , embarras sed , look .around . N eighbors watch from window -- some amused , some disapprove . the lion move to the next car . sni ffs . pee on t he it be . a no th en to the next : sonny'' mercede the lion sniff . lefty tug on the leash . the lion resist , sniff some more . lefty tug harder . the lion lift its leg ... lefty yank of n the lea sh -- the lio n roar . L efty drag S the lion into the motion Lounge . CUT to : 61 int . day . motion lounge donnie take a football bet on the pay phone . donnie .. . we get the colt give two - and - a - half . yea h , ( writ ing ) nickel on the colt . inside sonny preside over a board meeting of the sonny Black Corporation . nic ky , B oobie and othe be wis eguy -- incl udin g boo ts a d leg S -- po be over crumpled scrap of paper . sonny make note in a little spiral notebook . donnie ; join they . ( continued ) ·. 62 . 61 CO nti nue D : boobie we ha d tha t loa d of jean 's - - remember ? two hundred grand on that . . . the lion shake its mane , sprays water over everyone . nicky va 'n'aool ' . all over everything 1 L efty -- how be I gonna read this ? lefty that will teach you to improve you penmanship . lefty lay a parking meter out on a card table . pick up a sled&lt ; hammer . boot there 's that guy that 's make the quaalude for we . donnie - what be we sell that for ? I know a guy I think I could off they to . nicky sixty cent apiece . I think it 's 60 . be it 60 ? boot we be do a dime a week . wham ! a echoing clangor as lefty whacks at the parking meter with the sledge hammer . sonny if you be hold out on I , boot , I be gonna chop you up . boot I be not ho lding out . it 's ten g rarr no a with ee k . th a t' 's i t . - sonny it should be 25 . ( to boobie ) you ever off that load of sunglass ? boobie nod , give thumb up . nicky bullshit , boobie . ( continued ) 63 ( 2 ) 61 continued : boobie I do so , nicky . nicky who you gonna lay off 18 case of sunglass to ? boobie I laid it off ... to the same guy I heist it from . ( to sonny ) twenty - five grand . sonny write in he notebook . wham1 another deafen smash at the parking meter . sonny will you stop it with that ? lefty how else be I gonna open it ? open sesame ? sonny what be you gonna get out of that , Left ? fifty buck ? lefty ai not the question . sonny you know , you guy -- you do not fuck think . I be the skipper now -- I gotta answer . sonny Red 's get 75 million alone }ust with that truck company out in Jersey and I get fifty buck of fuck dime . lefty a score 's a score . sonny you be like a bunch of fuck nigger on welfare . donnie W hat about Florida ? I know a g uy down there , he have some vend machine he 's try to move . lefty let he move they to New York . ( continued ) 6 4 . 61 C o not in U ed : ( 3 ) donnie plus he have a club down there . he 's look for partner that can give he peace of mind . spnny you know this guy ? whaml a nother ba no at the parking I ter . Left y glower at donnie . a look that say : shut up . donnie I know he ten year ago , in Baltimore . he be okay then . sonny where in Florida ? the Beach ? donnie Tampa . lefty for you information they get they own outfit down there and they own boss . legs Santo trafficante . lefty thank you . nicky all the economy 's move down there , Florida , ' cause of the oil crisis . I hear it on the news . boobie the economy gotta be good for there to be good moneymake for crook . legs who can get a fuck thing go in this fuck city ? it 's 5000 wiseguy all chase the same nickel . nicky hey , sonny , maybe we could do something with disneyworld down t here . wis eguy mount ain . wiseguy of the Caribbean . everybody fuck minnie mouse up t he a ss . C a yo u ima gine ? ( more ) ( continued ) 61 C o N T I N ue D : ( 4 ) nicky ( cont would ) ( gesture ) you grab she by that big fuc kin g e ar -- uproarious laughter from the group . then suddenly -- sonny explode in a rage , he stand up , throws he chair , knock over the card table . sonny you think this be a fuck joke ? hah ? one day I ' m gonna die , and I ' m gonna be in this same fuck room , with this same fuck guy , talk about this same fuck scam that never amount to anything , and that 's how I will know I get send to fuck Hell . sonny storm out . the guy sit , look at each other . some daze . some calculate . boobie pick up the topple table . boobie we better start earning or somebody 's gonna get clipped . then sonny return . pale and shake . sonny I can not even imagine it . what kind of people -- in broad fuck dayli ght -- what kind of a worl d-- nicky what happen ? sonny they steal the mercede . CUT to : 62 ext . day . motion lounge the guy file out . stare at the empty space where the mercede use to be . CUT to : 63 ext . night . laguardia airport from the runway , as a jetliner take off ... CUT to : 6 6 . 64 int . night . airplane nicky and boobie play gin in the second row of the first CLASS section . they girlfriend sit beside they . sonny snooze behind they on the shoulder of Judy , the waitress we meet at the outset . lefty and donnie sit along the opposite wall , in the smoking section , lefty ( sotto ) donnie ? donnie what ? lefty why would you inject that , donnie , with Florida ? donnie I do not inject anything , Left . lefty you injected that . do not tell I no . I know you , donnie , you do not say nothing unless there 's a reason for it . donnie I do not know , Left . I be just bullshit around . lefty listen to I , D onnie . I 's wear on -- I do not know which to swear on , my dead father , my mother , who I love , my child -- I swear to you , something 's go on that you do not know about . donnie I know . · lefty ( flaring ) that 's the problem be , you do not ko . ' . : ' " . - ' no donnie you do not explain it to I . lefty you think you can trust sonny Black ? sonny Black be one big fat fuck snake in the , uh , uh ... donnie snake in the grass , ( continued ) 64 continued : lefty you can not say that , donnie . sonny Black be the skipper . you do not open you mouth about ' he . donnie I be agree with you . lefty ai not the question . now you be be espon sibl e for this . and because I represent you I ' m responsible -- for the whole fuck magilla fuck gorilla I ' m responsible . . donnie what be you so upset for ? this could be great . lefty I die wit ' cha , you understand ? you walk on a chalk fuck line , Don nie . I get two gren ade at home -- I ' d blow up Mulberry Street , you do something wrong . donnie I ' m not gonna do nothing wrong . CUT to : 65 int . day . king court crack leatherette and gaffer 's tape . topless dancers move greyly through they pace , ignore by the scattered customer . donnie watch through the glass of a phone booth . super below : king court . tampa . , florida . 1979 . donnie ( to phone ) I be in Florida . maggie ( o.c. ) what be you do in Florida ? donnie what do you thi no I be doi no ? I be work . donnie be Pov as a dancer bend over , waggle she bare butt ... ( continued ) do . 65 continued : . maggie ( o . C . ) it ' 's tw el have d eg be es h er e. inside fred calvin , a.k.a. " calvino " , late 30 , beefy and bluff , tour lefty through the club . show he the locker behind the bar ... calvino you run it as a ' bottle club , ' member only -- keep you own liquor in the locker , pay for setup . that way there 's no liquor license . lefty what kind of name be that , ' calvino ' ? calvino napolitan '. ( resume ) banquet room , six tennis court , swim pool in the back ... lefty you gonna put any money in this ? calvino first class all the way , Left - - that be my original plan . then the minute I open the joint I discover I have partner -- this goombah . ' gimme two hundred . ' ' gimme three hundred . ' I say , ' hey -- I get a wife for thatl ' lefty shoot he a wither look . lefty wait here . inside the phone booth donnie watch lefty approach . maggie it 's Terry 's sweet sixteen on Friday . do you forget ? donnie no , I do not forget . maggie ( o.c . ) be you go to be here ? ( continued ) 69 . ( 2 ) 65 continued : donnie I ' m gonna try . look , maggie , I gotta go . maggie ( o.c . ) because it 's less disappoint if you would just say so . donnie I will be there , okay ? I gotta go . ' bye. donnie move to hang up . remember . put the phone back to he mouth . . . donnie I love you . ... into a dial tone . lefty light a English oval as donnie emerge . donnie so whaddaya think ? lefty I hate neapolitan . you vouch for this guy , donnie ? donnie lik e any body else . I k new h im ten year ago , he be okay then . lefty what kind of man begrudge he wife ? donnie look , I be just make the introduction . you make the decision . lefty look 's aro und . smil es . lefty you imagine - - we have we own joint down here ? donnie it 's up to you , Left . lefty I just gotta sit down with the man down here . donnie you know he ? trafficante ? ( continued ) continued : ' ( 3 ) 65 lefty fuggedaboudit . all over the world I ' m know . ( get a idea ) like a yacht . we gotta take he out on a yacht , have a drink , relax , then he know this be man of man he 's deal with . donnie I know a broad down here , she brother have a boat . Big fuck yacht . lefty get that boat , donnie . stay away from the broad . calvino join they . calvino hey -- who 's the best look guy in Florida ? he slap a hundre dollar bill to he forehead . calvino mel he laugh , put he arm around a unamuse lefty . CUT to : 66 ext . day . the tahitian sonny brood by the motel pool . Judy and the other girlfriend sit a cro ss the wa y. q uie T i n t he heat . B oob ie rub 's su noar n of il on hi mse lf . nic ky rea ds he pap er . Le fty and do nni e a rri have i n t hei be street clothes . sonny ( morose ) Broad daylight . I still can not get over it . you have to ask yourself -- what kind of people ? they take a mercede - - a man 's private property , they take it right off the street . boobie sonny , fuggedaboudit . it 's over . sonny I do not know what the world 's come to . I honestly do not . ( continued ) 66 continued : . nicky ever since they get rid of the death penalty , the whole fuck society 's go down the tube . like I ' m watch the news last n ig h t -- sonny hey , lefty , why do not you bring Louise ? lefty do not equate Louise with they broad , sonny . I bring Louise when you bring you wife . sonny ( shout ) hey , Judy -- come over here and give everybody a blow job . Judy give he the finger . sonny smile , turn to the other . sonny be not she spunky ? nicky I be watch the news last night . I be lie there in bed and I see thes e guy from Iran , and this guy be whipping themselves . lefty who ? nicky Iranians . you imagine ? they whip themselves , with whip . sonny lot of broad into that . lefty geddaddaheah , nicky -- whipping themselves . I never hear of that . nicky donnie , be I right ? donnie what ? lefty how come you be ask he ? how come you do not ask I ? ( continued ) 66 continued : ( 2 ) NI C ky you just say you never hear of it . lefty that 's right . I never hear of such a fuck thing . donnie it 's like part of they religion , Left . I t's can lle d se lf - flage llation . T hey think it will . bring they closer to God . boobie I ' d like to bring they closer to god. sonny you see how smart he 's get , donnie , read that paper ? nicky that 's what they oughtta do . send over a bunch of wiseguy . put a gun in you pocket , straighten they right out . lefty nicky , why would I wanna go to Iran ? nicky I ' m say you gotta be strong with this people . lefty do not tell I where I go and do not go . nicky we do not have this problem with Nixon . and there be law and order in the street . donnie watch as the group offer a unanimous amen with they eye . sonny ( to lefty ) everything check out with the club ? lefty yeah . ( to nicky ) ' I be not get three dollar in my pocket , nicky , I be gonna go to Iran ? ( continued ) 73. ( 3 ) 66 continued : nicky fuggedaboudit . sonny the man down here say okay ? lefty I ' m take care of it . I gotta reach out -- in a month I will come back and sit down with the man . sonny he know who you be ? zzzzh ! the whir of a autowinder and a black - and - white freeze frame , lefty fuggedaboudit , sonny , all over the world I ' m know . nicky you be not know in Iran . and another freeze frame . boobie get up , dive in the pool zzzzh ! and another freeze frame . zzzzh ! CUT to : 67 int . night . safe house a nerve center set up in a hotel suite . FBI agent with headphone listen to wiretaps , bustle in and out . donnie , exhaust , sit with bursey and Jules . donnie I need a boat . lefty love boa ts . B e want ts 's ometh ing special to show off for trafficanta . bursey anything else ? donnie yeah . what happen to my expense check ? it 's gotta be three month already . bursey get call to the phone , barbara jone , 30 , a prosecutor , approach . jule Joe , this 's Barbara Jones . she 's a assistant US Attorney . ( continued ) 74 67 continued : donnie donnie . call I donnie. ( to Jules ) I gotta get reimburse , Jules . it 's fuck ridiculous . jone we be miss bit and piece on a lot of this case . on the lo a ns ha rk in g-- donnie donnie brasco have the worst fuck credit rating in the history of the mafia . jone like I be say , with the loanshark -- we have to get somebody on tape with what the rate of interest be . bursey cover the phone . bursey do Sally paintglass report to nicky ? donnie not nicky . nicky cigar . bursey ( to phone ) not nicky . nicky cigar . donnie kiss Jones , how many do I have solid ? jone indictment ? I do not know . F i ft y . Si x ty . bursey ( call out ) who 's nicky glass ? donnie nicky glass . Little nicky . jone Joe -- donnie donnie . call I donnie . I do not wanna get confuse . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . ( 2 ) 67 conti nued : donnie ( cont would ) ( to Jules ) what about the club ? when 's it gonna be ready ? jule it will be ready when you come back down . donnie you gonna spend any money to fix it up or be it gonna stay a dump ? bursey move to the coffee machine . Jules sit with donnie , hand he the nagra tape recorder . he stick it inside he cowboy boot . bursey you want some coffee , Joe ? donnie ( correct he ) donnie . jone the loanshark predicate be very specific . it 's really important that you focus on this thing . donnie what about the boat ? I need that fuck boat . you know , I ask berada to do something and he just say , ' done ' . jule maybe that 's why he 's in the hospital . jone the stat say twice the lawful rate . can you get that on tape ? donnie just get I that fuck boat , okay ? bursey rejoin they , stir he coffee . bupsey they get that boat down here on t hat other inve stiga tion -- wha tcham acall it . B ig for uckin g yacht . donnie perfect . ( continued ) 76 . ( 3 ) 67 C on T in ue D : bursey ( laugh ) the agent dress up as arab sheik try to bribe congressman . you think that will ever amount to anything ? CUT to : 68 ext . night . marina lefty talk to a captain , 5as , topsider and cutoff . lefty five grand for that bucket for one day ? captain just listen to I -- lefty I listen to my prick . how can you say five grand ? captain you do not want it , do not rent it . lefty look up . doubletake . lefty' Pov as he look down the dock , where boobie meet with two colombian by a cigarette boat . he hand they a paper bag full of cash to the colomb ian . the y hand he a briefca SE . lefty bac ks int of the shadow . watch , troubled , as boobie climb into he car , drive away . lefty ( sotto ) what the fuck be he up to ? CUT to : 69 ext . morning . tampa airport the guy head toward the terminal , follow by calvino , burden by they luggage . he lumber like a pack -animal . sonny Left , you wanna take care of the bag ? we will be in the lounge . sonny head inside with nicky and boobie . lefty look around . lefty where 's that fuck redcap ? ( continued ) 77 . 69 continued : lefty wander off , look up the block . calvino stand on the curb with donnie . look up and down . doubletake . calvino ( aside ) oh , Jesus - - that 's hollman , Joe . " Joe . " rage flicker almost imperceptibly in donnie 's eye . calvino' Pov hollman , 5as , a sharply - dress lawyer , climb out of a mercede . move to the trunk , open it . calvino he will make we for sure . he be the usd a with ith -- donnie ( hard ) shut up and calm down . I will take c a be of for it . - lefty rejoin they . lefty now listen to I , Fred - - you listen to I ? calvino' Pov hollman help he wife out of the car . shut the door ... the redcap show up . start tickete the bag . lefty just get that club fix up . anybody say anything , you just tell they to have they people get in touch with you people in New yorjc . hollman drop he bag -- in line behind we guy . his wife fish ir she pocketbook for the ticket . . . lefty Mulberry Street . ask for lefty . calvino okay , left. redcap ( to lefty ) Excuse I , sir - - you ticket ? ( continued ) 78 . 69 continued : ( 2 ) lefty ( ignore redcap ) when we come back down , we will sit down with who 's who and straighten everything out . hollman ( to lefty ) Excuse me^-he need you ticket . and then he ... recognize donnie . hollman Joe ? donnie ignore he . donnie ( to calvino ) help this fuck guy put the bag up on the cart . you get the ticket , Left ? hollman ( persist ) Joe pistone ? lefty 's suspicion rise . hollman move to take donnie by the elbow . and donnie whirl on he . donnie ( angry ) hey , buddy -- what the fuck be you sell ? hollman I be sorry -- I think I recognize you . donnie ( to lefty ) get a load of this g uy . the oldest fuck scam in the book . pretend you recognize someone and meanwhile he partner here take you with allet , ( t of wife ) he fuck you , honey , or do he just thieve with you ? hollman that 's my wife . mrs . hollman c'mon , honey . donnie hah ? with he fuck pencil prick ? ( continued ) 79 . 69 continued : ( 3 ) hollman ( ironic ) my mistake . she draw he away . they move toward the terminal . donnie ( after they ) ' Cause if he be not fuck you , honey , coine up to first class . we get two toilet up there . calvino give the bag to a redcap . look in he wallet . donnie Fucking guy pissing up my leg . lefty . relax . you be gonna bust a blood vessel . donnie you can not even go to the fuck airport any more without some fuck Hare krishna or somebody put he hand in you pocket . calvino ( to lefty ) you get change for a twenty ? lefty take the twenty , give the redcap two dollar . keep the twenty . lefty send the ticket for I and donnie . we will come back down in a month . calvino sound good to I . ( about the twenty ^ 5ey Left ' -- but lefty 's already on he way inside . donnie linger a beat . calvino I want change from a twenty . he take the twenty -- donnie ( sotto ) you ever call I Joe again I will cut you throat . CUT to : 80 . 70 int . night . pistone home --minnesota the door unlock , and donnie tiptoe into the house . the middle of the night . go into the kitchen for a snack . open the refrigerator . a birthday cake half - eat , with the elide legend , " happy sweet sixteen , terry . " he miss the party . donnie shit. CUT to : 71 int . night . terry's room Terry lie awake . a shaft of light hit she face as donnie open the door . donnie Terry ? you awak e? terry yeah . donnie go to she . sit on the bed . donnie I ' m sorry I miss you party . terry . it 's okay . uncle Bob fly in . donnie I ' m not the kind of guy that break he promise . terry that 's what Mom say . donnie I be sure that 's only part of what Mom say . terry that 's between you two . donnie W ha t' d 's he sa y -- sh e with a ts a divorce ? that 's just she way of blow off steam . terry she be worried something happen to you . ( continued ) 81 . 71 continued : donnie nothing 's gonna happen to I , Terry . nothing 's gonna happen to we -- I will not le t it . okay ? terry look , I understand . it 's you job . donnie I ' m do the right thing . I know i t's a sac rifice . it 's the same thing I always tell you kid -- do you best , work hard , never quit . that 's how I live my life . I just have no way of know it would go this far . terry it be just a birthday party , D ad . you d of not have to go through this big apology . donnie you be get grow - up now . I want you to understand . terry half the kid in school do not have father . donnie you have a father , Terry . terry that 's not what I mean . donnie maybe I be not there for the good time , but I be there if you need I . terry I know that , dad . donnie it 's just another six month . " another six month . " that phrase . like a knife in she heart . terry whenever . it 's no big deal . donnie come here . give I a hug . Terry sit up , hug she for ather . St ruggles ag ainst the tear . a d lose . ( continued ) 82. 71 continued : ( 2 ) terry ( so bb in g) I ha the yo u . I ' m so rry . I h at e you so much . he take this like a blow . hug she tighter . CUT to : 72 int . m orning . pistone ho I donnie convene a family meeting over breakfast . Terry , Kerry and maggie sit , sullen , around the kitchen table . sherry run down the stair , sit down . sherry sorry I ' m late . donnie okay . I call this family meeting because there 's something we have to t alk a bout . I ko ow what I be do involve a lot of sacrifice from everyone , but this be something patriotic for the country that you can all be proud of . ( beat ) I call the meeting because we be gonna have to move . terry I ' m not move . donnie this be not a democracy , Terry . this be a dictatorsh ip . and that 's my decision . it 's get too dangerous . maggie well , I do not want to move eithe be , Joe . Mo have where ? donnie there 's too many people here who know we . maggie that people be know as ' friend , ' Joe . you tell I when we start this that we would be move back close to the family . that be the deal . ( continued ) 83. 72 continued : donnie we be move to Minnesota and change we name to ' Anderson ' . that 's the deal . it 's do . sherry ' Anderson ' ? yeeccch .. terry fuck that . I ' m stay here . I will live with Kenny . donnie that language be unacceptable , y oung lady . you sit down . Terry get up , walk out . maggie get up , too . maggie well , Mr. ' Anderson ' , you have top yourself . where would you get that name -- ' Father know best ' ? donnie where be you go ? do not you want to discuss this ? maggie apparently there 's nothing to discuss . I be go to get the mail . kerry what about we friend ? donnie you will make new friend . sherry we be not in the FBI , dad . donnie Minnesota 's great . Lakes and everything . we can get a nice piece of land there . maybe we can even get a horse . maggie come back inside , read the mail . flip a letter to donnie . · ~ maggie you know the US government ? the one you be do this patriotic work for , that we can all be proud of ? donnie what 's this ? ( continued ) 84 72 continued : ( 2 ) maggie the IRS . we get audite . CUT to : 73 ext . day . tampa harbor a magnificent hand - build 75 - foot motor yacht dock at the marina . lefty beam , arm fold in satisfaction , beside donnie . sonny , nicky , boobie and the girl arrive , carry cooler . they marvel at the boat . nicky Left , that 's some fuck boat . sonny cozz '. that 's beautiful . Judy give lefty a kiss . he blushes . lefty sonny --lookit what the name be . that 's like my name . sonny look at the stern . emblazon across it : " the left hand " sonny that 's some fuck irony , be not .it ? lefty that 's hand - build in Taiwan , that boat . boobie what be that , half a million ? lefty fuggedaboudit . there 's one thing I know , it 's boat . this '8 gotta be a million dollar , this boat . ( gesture toward boat ) G of ah e ad . G et co m of rt a bl e . I ' m gonna wait for the man . sonny and the other head toward the boat . lefty turn to donnie . lefty can y ou im agine this ? I ' m go to sit down with the boss . Rem ember that day when we be freezing we nut off , watch all of they go to sit down with the boss ? &lt ; ( continued ) 85 . 73 continued : donnie sonny Red and all they big puffer . lefty in New York I never sit down with t he boss in my life . this be a great idea I have , Florida . donnie hey , Left . donnie nod toward the parking lot . lefty look , see a lincoln town car pull up . lefty that 's he . that 's trafficante . lefty jog up the dock as steve disalvo , 40s , trafficante 's enforcer , emerge from the lincoln . disalvo you lefty ? lefty Nice to meet you , Mr. trafficante . disalvo this 's Mr. trafficante . lefty turn as santo trafficante , 70 , a feeble old man with a pork pie hat , be help from the car by he entourage of florida wiseguy . he and lefty shake hand . lefty that 's the boat I arrange for you , Mr. T raffi cante . we get a full bar , every kind of music , telephone , everythin g . you wa not anything -- anything you want -- you just ask lefty . trafficante peer down the dock through thick prescription sunglass . trafficante which one 's sonny Black ? flash CUT to : 74 int . night . FBI hogue look at large color surveillance photo of " the Left Hand " as it tool around Tampa harbor . as the party progress , sonny Black and trafficante split off and move to the bow . then donnie join sonny and trafficante . sonny introduce they ... ( continued ) 86 . 74 continued : over this tape dialogue from the group in the stern , with seagull , surf , and the sound of a party ... C lose on -- hogu E as he face turn grim ... h ol D on -- su rve IL LA nce p hot o as donnie shake hand with trafficante . hogue a FBI man shaking hand with the boss of for Florida ? do it e ver occur to anyone that that be simply not possible ? jule score one for we side . hogue what make you so sure he 's on . we side ? · flash CUT to : 75 ext . the past . boat sonny and donnie stand in the bow , look out over the water . sonny you can live you life like a man d own here . I bet if you take m y blood pressure right now it would be down of not hundre d per cent . sonny Red 's get Jersey and we get Florida , and Florida 's better ' than Jersey , right ? donnie he can stick Jersey up he ass . sonny this be a great idea I have , Florida . donnie once lefty arrange it with trafficante -- sonny fuggedaboudit . what lefty do not understand be guy like trafficante , they day be do . ( more ) ( continued ) 87 . 75 continued : sonny ( cont would ) a 70 year old brain can not compare with guy like we , because where he 's get like 20 more year experience . in he day , we get 50 more year in we day . and we be l iving in we day . C apeesh ? donnie simple arithmetic . sonny lik e wit h jea ns , who h ad th e idea with nean and now look how much money they be make ? donnie some young guy . sonny lefty 's a dynamite - guy , no q uesti on . but y ou ko ow , t he thing with he be . . . he 's try to help you but he hurt you . he get that two or three wine in he ... donnie you just gotta take it with a grain of salt . sonny the book open up in December , I be gonna propose you . you know &lt ; what that mean ? donnie fuggedaboudit . be a make guy ? that would be unbelievable . sonny what I be say be this . you do not have to report to lefty no more . from now on you can report to I . close on --donnie as he calculate the advantage and danger of he new offer ... in the stern lefty brood , nurse a spritzer . watch donnie with eye full of anger and resentment . boobie sidle up to he . ( continued ) 88. ( 2 ) 75 continued : B oo bi E can I ask you something ? do you get this boat or do donnie get this boat ? lefty some broad down here he use to know , it belong to she brother . boobie he know a lot of broad , donnie . lefty if donnie have a dollar for every broad of all he broad , he could buy the fuck boat himself . boobie if donnie 's get so many broad , how come we never see none of they ? lefty he use they broad like kleenex . he will not spend a dollar to take a lady out . boobie drink , take a beat . boobie you ever notic e donnie ' 11 buy gun from you , if you be off gun , but you never see he be the one off gun ? lefty think a beat . CUT to : 76 int . night . tahitian donnie take off he cowboy boot . take the nagra out of he boot rewind the tape . Plays it . donnie ( o.c. ) I just get some thing I gotta take care of , back in the city . sonny ( o.c. ) when you come back , you represent I in Florida . he snap it off . hide it back in he cowboy boot . CUT to : 89 . 77 int . day . laguardia airport donnie and lefty wait with the crowd at the baggage carousel . lefty I be tell you , it 's good to be back in New York . that fuck Florida baked everybody 's brain . when sonny get out of the fuck sun he 's gonna realize what a miserable fuck idea you have . donnie how long 's he gonna stay down there ? lefty do I know ? ( resume ) I never see so many old people in my life . who the fuck want to go to Florida ? sometimes you be one stupid cocksucker , donnie . donnie flare at the word " cocksucker . " : there Pov as lefty 's suitcase move toward they . donnie do not budge . lefty donnie -- that 's my bag , donnie . Don nie -- donnie nobody call I cocksucker . understood ? lefty you get that fuck bag . donnie I be not get it . lefty pick it up . donnie no . lefty pick up the fuck bag . donnie no fuck way , Left . lefty do not think you get the wood over m y ey es , D onnie . I with atch you ' siding up to sonny Black . ( continued ) 90 , 77 con tinued : donnie that 's get nothing to do with it . lefty now you be on you fuck high horse . donnie I get no fuck loyalty to sonny Black . that be not the issue . lefty ( off bag ) donnie - - that 's the other one ! donnie nobody call I cocksucker . lefty for you information I will call you whatever the fuck I want . I call you cocksucker . I call you motherfucker . I call you , uh , uh ... other passengers start to clear they a wide berth ... donnie you be the fuck cocksucker . h uh ? yo u for uck ing coc ksu cke r-- h ow do it feel ?. lefty fuck . my fuck knife 's in the bag . lefty 's chase after the suitcase ... donnie go ahead , Left . Fucking whack m e . S t a b m e. R ig h t i n th e fuck baggage claim . lefty you pick up that bag , donnie . donnie whack I ! because you know what ? you make I so fuck mad I be gonna whack you and then I be gonna get whacked for whack you anyway ! lefty you can not call I cocksucker , donnie . ( continued ) 91 . ( 2 ) 77 continued : donnie I be not pick up the bag . lefty you pick it up . donnie I be not . lefty you pick up that bag , donnie . CUT to : 78 int . later . laguardia donnie and lefty stand alone by the carousel , arm fold , as they suitcase go around . dissolve to : 79 int . night . pistone home --minnesota Terry and Kerry and they new boyfriend make out on they parent ' bed . limb writhe in adolescent lust . then a ring ... the lefty phone by the bedside . they stop , watch it ring . then Terry 's hand move toward the forbidden phone . this close ... kerry terry1 CUT to : 80 int . night . lefty' apartment lefty slam the phone down . sit with a huff in he chair . Louise bring he a spritzer . louise here you go , bennie . lefty do donnie call today ? louise no . I do not know when 's the last time I hear from he . be he out of town ? lefty shut up , Louise . ( continued ) 9 2 . 80 continued : on Louise , hurt -- lefty do not talk to she that way . she exit . lefty , frustrated , turn on the tv . CUT to : 81 int . night . japanese restaurant a japanese maitre D ' greet sonny , donnie , nicky and boobie at the door . maitre D ' . good evening . please step this way . the maitre d' usher they inside . donnie linger behind , nervous ... nicky my wife say it 's very in , japanese . she hear it on John gambling . very big now . the maitre d' stop they . maitre d' please to remove you shoe . donnie' cowboy boot with the nagra in it . the maitre d' wait for donnie 's shoe , gesture ... donnie think fast ... donnie get a load of this guy . ( to maitre d ' ) how about you take off you fuck pants ? nicky that 's part of the thing of it , donnie . you take off you shoe and sit on the floor . donnie I be not take my shoe off for this guy . maitre d' I be afraid be necessary . s9 nny c'mon , donnie . just take off you fuck shoe and let 's eat . boobie what 's the big deal ? ( continued ) : 9 . 3 81 continued : donnie hey , boobie , who win the fuck war ? : sonny donnie -- I ' m hungry and I be not in the mood . donnie I be not do it . sonny take off you fuck shoe or I ' m gonna chop off you fuck leg . maitre d' be house rule . donnie I grow up a orphan because my dad take a fuck bullet in Okinawa , and I will lose my boot up he fuck asshole before I will ' take order from fuck Mr. moto here . maitre d' be house rule . sonny I wanna fuck eat , donnie . maitre d' rule of house . the moment of truth . donnie blows grab the maitre d' and ram he through the door of the men' room . CUT to : 82 int . men' room donnie and the maitre d' go at it . . the little guy 's game , quick and tough . then the other swa rm inside . and the massacre b egin . fist and kick crunch dow n on the maitre d' . donnie in with the m--excited by the fray , the adrenaline rush . he kick the maitre d' hard .... the mait be d' scream ... CUT to : 94 . 83 int . the present . FBI hogue listen to the tape . . . donnie 's hard breathe ... the maitre d ' 's scream ... the thud of donnie 's kick ... flash CUT to : 84 int . the past . men' room nicky take a roll of quarter . hold it in he fist , punch hard across the maitre d' brow . blood torrent from the gash ... blind by the blood , the maitre d' swing wildly ... boobie slip on the blood and fall into the puddle . . . see the stain on he slack ... in a rage now ... boobie grab a garbage can , swing it at the maitre d ' , who sink in a heap , unconscious . the guy continue to kick at he ... clos E on -- do nnie as he back away , appalled by the explosion of violence -- and he part in it . flash CUT to : 85 int . same time . FBI photo of the maitre d ' , bloody and bruise , take at the hospital afterwards . hogue i nspect th they . over this the tape play ... boobie ( o.c. ) how many time I gotta tell you , N ic ky ? T h e he a d bleed like a motherfucker . N icky ( o.c . ) try club soda . sometimes that work , club soda . boobie ( o.c. ) goddam brioni suit . hogue this be what the FBI do ? you be tell I this be the fuck FBI ? berada you think Joe go over to the other side ? ( continued ) 95 . 85 continued : hogue I think that 's a question worth ask , do not you ? berada ask he the fuck yourself . hogue from everything we know what he do be simply not possible . then you look at the gun and the porno tape and ( with photo ) this . that be not the behavior of a FBI agent . I listen to that tape and that be not the speech of a FBI agent . jule I ' m tired of defend what we do . you be so sure he go over the other side ? maybe we should fuck arrest he . lebow we should pull he out , be what we should do . jule we do not even know where the fuck he be , clarence . remember ? berada Joe 's a seducer . he seduce they . hogue well , maybe he fuck seduce you . the clock on the wall read " 9:30 . " the phone ring . Jules grab it . listen a beat . turn to the other . jule the guy inside spot sonny Black at the wedding . donnze 's with he . CUT to : 86 int . same time . church hall FBI # 2 , in the guise of a busboy , pour water . keeps a eye on we guy at a remote table , amidst several hundred guest . i· . ' ( continued ) 96 . 86 continued : at the table we guy , dour and nervous , sit with they wife . donnie with a blonde bimbo . sonny what kind of a fuck table be this ? we be in fuck siberia with this table . red cowboy boot approach beneath tuxedo pants . sonny Red , accompany by he son bruno and Big trin , clap sonny Black on the back . sonny red I hear you be down in Florida . sonny yeah , you know -- take the sun . I do not want to come back . sonny red you get friend in Florida ? sonny they be very friendly down there , the people . sonny Red pinch sonny 's cheek . sonny red Nice color you get . redl bruno and Big trin laugh uproariously . they move on as we guy look dagger they way . sonny I gotta go to the John . sonny get up . all the guy get up with he . follow sonny to the John . sonny red watch they from he table . then look up . sonny red' Pov of the FBI " busboy " as he clear the salad dish ... sonny Red whisper something to bruno . CUT to : 87 int . same time . FBI headquarters hogue turn to lebow . ( continued ) 97 . 87 continued : hogue ( cover phone ) you be sure the informant say tonight ? lebow the hit 's go down tonight . jule in about two fuck minute they be gonna start get suspicious about that . surveillance van . hogue ( to phone ) anything from the guy inside ? ' jule we have a guy inside , sir -- Joe 's the gu y inside . and clear ly he do not think there 's a problem . lebow he can not stay undercover forever . if it 's not now , it 's next week . or next month . hogue ( to phone ) if they leave / stay with they . jule be you out of you fuck mind ? a fuck New Jersey telephone repair van in the rear-view mirror all the fuck way to Brooklyn ? why do not you }ust put a bullet in he head ? CUT to : 88 int . same time . bathroom boobie and donnie enter first , hand ready by the gun in they cummer bund . ch eck all th e stall . nicky pos ts himself by the d oor and sonny enter wi th lefty . sonny go into the stall . cl ose the door behind he . nicky I hear the zip go in with sonny Red . boobie the only one in with we be we . ( continued ) 98 . 88 continued : vile noise emanate from the stall . the guy stand around , awkward , nervous , watch . lefty Christ , sonny -- what would you eat for lunch ? sonny Judy . the guy laugh . then flinch as the door open . . . hand at they gun ... PHILLY lucky hold he hand up , palm up . PHILLY lucky where 's sonny ? the toilet flush . sonny eme rges . look 's to phil ly lucky . PHILLY lucky sonny want I to tell you - - he want to schedule a sitdown . hash everything out . CUT to : 89 int . later . FBI headquarters hogue look at the clock : " 11:10 " . look at Jules . get back on the phone . hogue ( to phone ) what 's go on ? tech # 1 ( o.c . ) they be come out . CUT to : 90 ext . same time . church hall sonny hand he car key to he wife . sonny you go hom e with ir ene . we be go out bounce . ( to boobie ) c'mon . we will take you car . ( continued ) 99 . 90 continued : his wife give sonny a perfunctory kiss on the cheek . she and boobie 's wife climb into sonny 's new mercede . CUT to : 91 int . same time . FBI headquarters hogue cover the phone . turn to the other . hogue they be put the wife in a separate car . jule just get that van out of there . lebow we just find he . now you want to unfind he ? marshall seem like a false alarm , thank god. lebow tonight maybe it 's a false alarm . so tomorrow night he get kill . o be he kill 's somebody -- do you ever think of that ? jule you make it sound like Joe 's the only one in danger from this g uy -- eight million people in the city of New York be in danger from this guy . if they walk away from this because we do not have the case they will be stronger than they ever be . marshall you have to make a decision , sir . hogue I can not make a decision this wayl it 's fuck insanity ! jule you have to get that van out of there . just give I the phone . hogue it 's my watch . it 's my call . ( continued ) 100 , 91 continued : jule ( right back ) then make the fuck call . either you trust he or you do not . that 's with hat it 's a lway be with this . either you trust Joe or you do not . hogue think a long beat . get back on the phone . hogue ( to phone ) okay . wrap it up and get out of there . CUT to : 92 ext . night . church hall sonny , boobie , lefty , nicky and donnie walk toward the car . lefty and nicky split off toward lefty 's cadillac . sonny donnie -- ride with we . nicky and lefty climb into lefty 's cadillac . sonny , boobie and donnxe approache boobie 's cadillac . donnie reach for the back door . sonny ( to donnie ) why do not you sit in front ? a sudden chord of terror play up donnie 's spine . donnie look to lefty for help ... for some indication . . . but he eye be dead . they all climb in boobie 's cadillac . the surveillance van ull away from the curb , drive off ... boobie pull out of the lot in g be cadillac , drive off in the opposite direction . CUT to : 93 int . sake time . FBI headquarters hogue broods as the FBI man roll down they sleeves&gt ; pull on they jacket , snap close they briefcase ... jule I tell you that wire be a fuck fiction writer . lebow he 's never be wrong before , ( continued ) 101 93 continued : hogue what exactly do the informant say ? lebow he say the hit 's go down tonight at the. wedding . hogue do he say a hit on sonny Black ? lebow a hit . there 's a war bet ween sonny Red and S onny Black -- they be both at the wedding -- I in ter pola ted th at -- hogue who be this informant ? where - do he information come from ? lebow he 's close to guy who be close to the guy in sonny Black 's , crew . he 's very reliable . hogue goddamit1 hogue frantically dial the phone . lebow what ? hogue sonny Black 's not the target . sonny Black 's the shooter ! lebow I just assume --- marshall oh my god. CUT to : 94 int . later . boobie' cadillac boobie drive , donnie beside he . the menace quiet of the open road . past prospect park ... sonny hey , boob , remember how we use to run around here , when we be kid ? we use to have run race . . . ( continued ) 102 . 94 continued : boobie I whipped you ass many a time . sp nny fuggedaboudit . boobie when I race wit 'cha , it look like you be stand still . sonny oh , yeah ? pull over . boobie fuggedabouit . I whipped you ass . you day be do . sonny pull over . we be gonna see whose day be do . c'mon , donnie . you do the on the mark . boobie pull over . they pile out of the car . CUT to : 95 ext . night . prospect park boobie and sonny crouch at a imaginary start line . sonny okay . we be run to the fountain . boobie okay . sonny you remember the fountain ? boobie I remember the fountain . sonny donnie - - you do the 'on you mark ' . donnie on yo you mar rk s. ge t 's et . go! they jump off the line ... running through the blackness ... sonny take a early lead , but boobie 's leaner ... start to pull away ... look over at sonny , grins ... donnie peer into the darkness ... see they disappear into the tree . ( continued ) 103 . 95 continued : sonny and boobie run huffing and puffing . . . they disappear into the darkness .. . and donnie realize that he 's alone in the dark turn , around and around ... a rat with no place to hide ... the race continue boobie look over at sonny , pull away ... donnie in terror adrenaline rush through he . as 'he turn , and turn , and wait ... for the bullet that will kill he ... boobie run S onny yard 's behind h im . then sonny stop S. reaches into he with aistb and . and pull out a pistol boobie run free in the night . . . reaches the fountain , hold up he a rm in vic tory . lea ns over , h and on k nees , whee zing . turn 's , smile . and he smile fracture . donnie flee jog a couple of step to find some cover ... then hear a distant gunshot as it echoe through the park . donnie crouch by reflex . from the shadow , a man stagger toward donnie -- it 's boobie , bleed profusely from a head wound . . . sonny chase he . .. the champagne pop ! of more gunshot ... sonny aim fire ... his .45 jam ... sonny Fucking son of a bitch ! donnie , get 'iml boobie stagger , bleed from three wound now . . . running toward he car ... donnie run toward he . .. the crunch of wet grass ... donnie tackle he boobie fall heavily ... blood belch out of he mouth ... boobie help I . . . ( continued ) 104 . 95 CO N TI N ue D : ( 2 ) sonny catch up . grab he .45 by the barrel and savagely smashes boobie in the head . a thick sound -- like a melon fall off a shelf . again and again ... blood everywhere ... donnie back off , look up , as lefty arrive in he cadillac . nicky beside he . sonny toss boobie 's key to donnie . sonny pull he car around , I think he have a bag in the trunk . CUT to : 96 int . later . lefty' apartment lefty pour donnie a scotch . sit down with a spritzer . lefty he be hold out on he . Fucking coke deal boobie be run down in Florida . donnie sonny find out about it ? lefty do I still gotta school you after with hatever fu cking yea rs ? that 's the worst thing you could do to a m a li ke so nny Black . you could pull he cock before you could take a dollar out of he pocket . donnie how would he find out ? lefty who ? -. ' donnie sonny . lefty why the fuck be you ask so many fuck question , donnie ? donnie I do not know , Left . boobie be a friend , of all of we . ' lefty boobie be not no friend to you / donnie / believe I . - ( continued ) 105 . 96 continued : donnie what be you talk about ? lefty ai not nobody gonna give you a pass no more , donnie . you walk on a chalk fuck line from now on . C lose o n--donni E as he realize that lefty sell out boobie to save he . donnie you tell sonny that boobie be hold out ? lefty ai not the question . donnie because of I ? what be boobie say ? lefty ai not the question , donnie . lefty finish he spritzer . get up to make another . lefty I do not know what make you think I would give you up . I have too many fuck disappointment in my l ife . neve be in the for uck en d of the earth will I give you up . CUT to : 97 int . night . donnie' apartment donnie hold the nagra in he hand . the sound of the murder as it play . . . . boobie ( o.c. ) ( on tape ) help I . . . then the crunch as donnie tackle he . donnie rip the tape out of the nagra , throw it in the sink . burn it . CUT to : 98 int . day . the motion lounge donnie watch " the today show " on the tv over the bar . the guy plan gin . ( continued ) 106 . 98 continued : JOHN palmer ( o.c. ) . . . I n other news a FBI sting have result in the arrest of over 100 state and Federal official ... on the screen surveillance image of FBI " sheik " dress in flow caftan ... then the image cut to video of the same " sheik " party with congressmen on a dock yacht ... palmer ( o.c . ) . . . known as abscam , it be the large such operation in the Bureau 's history ... donnie peer more closely at the tv . cl os E on -- T he S te rn with the name " the Left Hand " emblazon on it . sonny donnie , pull up a chair . donnie take a last look at the tv . join sonny , nicky and lefty at the card table as nicky shuffles the card . nicky ( to donnie ) you know how to keep score ? a moment of recognition that boobie' gone CUT to : 99 ext . day . pistone home donnie mow the grass . row after precise row . rake the clipping into identical , evenly space pile . fill up trash bag , pile they neatly on the curb . in the driveway a sta tion wagon park n ext to mag gie 's corv ette . Don nie notice 's that the station wagon be filthy . run a finger through the dirt on the hood . donnie clean the pile of trash in the well of the car -- McDonald 's wrapper , tampax wrapper , a copy of Mademoiselle , a lipstick , a basketball .. dump it . pull out the ashtray . something that make he suspicious ... ( continued ) 107 . 99 continued : donnie rub the ash between he finger . recognition . . . he dig into the space between the se at . fin ds a quart er . a pape be clip . a no then : a seed CUT to : 100 int . day . pistone home Terry stumble down the stair in she bathrobe , half -asleep . she hear donnie crash inside , and something tell she it 's about she . about face into the bathroom ... in the live room donnie hear the bathroom door upstairs click , lock . turn as maggie enter from the kitchen . donnie where 's Terry ? she still asleep ? maggie I think so . what 's the matter ? donnie as lee P. perf ect . a sle ep at 1 2 noon . it all fit the profile . maggie what profile ? Joe , you be scare I . donnie the twelve warning sign . we daughter Terry be a drug user . inside the bathroom Terry listen by the door . terry shit. back --in the live room as donnie count off the " warning sign " of drug addiction . donnie oversleep . short attention span . hostility to authority . B in g e e at i n g -- maggie that would apply to every teenager in America . ( continued ) 108 , 100 continued : donnie do not tell I my business . do you know what this be ? he hold out the marijuana seed . maggie peer at it . donnie this be a marijuana seed . maggie where do you find that ? donnie maggie , I be a FBI agent . that 's who I be . I be out there risk my life , 18 , 20 hour a day , weekend , Christmas -- maggie you do not have to tell I , Joe . donnie well , what do you think I ' m do it for ? I be spend my life to put away the guy that make money off this shit , and I be damned to hell if I ' m gonna have it in my house . maggie you know , Jules call I this wee k. do you know they be look for you ? donnie do not change the subject . maggie I be not change the subject . you be the subject , Joe . you be become like they . donnie I be not the fuck pothead . maggie you do not see it . donnie turn , head up the stair , maggie follow . donnie geddadaheah . go weigh yourself or something . sleep beauty and I be go out to the woodsh . ( continued ) 109 . ( 2 ) 100 continued : m a gg I E in my next life I ' m gonna marry a jewish doctor . donnie in the fuck car that I make the payment on , in the fuck driveway of the house that I pay the fuck mortgage on -- a goddam m be i ju a a 's e ed -- maggie ( defiant ) how do you know it be not mine ? donnie stop a beat . rage drum up inside he , rage that crescendoe as he smack her backhand sh e l ook up at hi m . not hur to but de vast eat die Don nie mov es to comfort she , to apologize ... maggie smack he back \· . then storm out of the house . donnie broods , look up to the landing as sherry and Kerry come out from they room . from outside , sound of maggie as she slam into she corvette and zoom out of the driveway , engine roaring and tire squealing ... smash CUT to : 101 int . day . hospital donnie bang through swinging door , past orderlies in white coat , he face tight with anxiety , he skin green in the cold fluorescent light . at the desk he bull past two wait guest , accost the nurse . donnie I be look for my wife . Mrs. a der son . ma ggi e a noe rson . S he be i n a accid ent ? I be h er husband . the nurse give he a form on a clipboard . nurse here you go . you be Mr. Anderson ? donnie where be she ? ( continued ) 110 , 101 continued : nurse only the immediate family be allow in icu . do you have a driver 's license ? he give she he driver 's license . donnie be she okay ? nurse Excuse I . this say , ' Donald brasco ' . donnie Christ . let I just see she . she will tell you who I be . nurse we can not do that . donnie if I could see she we could clear this whole thing up . nurse I ' m sorry , sir . we need proof of id . donnie I need id to see my fuck wife ? I ' m she husband 1 who the fuck else would I be ? a doctor , cold - blooded , 30 , arrive . doctor Mr. Anderson ? CUT to : x-ray room 102 int . night . the doctor show donnie the x-ray . doctor collapse lung . Broken wrist , collarbone . ^ multiple laceration from the glass . the most serious injury be from she contact lense -- they smashed into she corneas . they be tear up pretty badly . she may lose a eye . donnie can not I see she ? ( continued ) 11 1 . 102 continued : doctor we will see if she stabilize in a couple of hour . CUT to : 103 ext . later . waiting room donnie sit , anxious . the girl sit alongside he . kerry we have a family meeting , dad . you have to quit . donnie look , Mom 's gonna be okay . terry this be not a democracy . this be a dictatorship . kerry a dictatorship of we . donnie I know how you be feel . but i t ' 's j u 's t -- sherry just another six month . donnie maybe just a few more week . kerry forget it , dad . it 's the job or we . terry end of discussion . Kerry stare hi m down . Te rry look away . Don nie put h be arm be ound she . she shru gs i t off . CUT to : 104 int . night . intensive care maggie lie in bed , eye bandaged , she face a web of gashes . wrist in a cast . a thick tube run from a lung machine into she mouth . donnie take she hand . she hold he hard . ( continued ) 112 . 104 continued : donnie the doctor say you be gonna be okay . we j ust have to get you into rehabilitation as soon as we can . you will be as goo d as new before you know it . the lung machine whir and wheeze ... donnie maggie , listen to I , maggie , because this be what it be . the minute I come out from under all this guy I ' m with , they will all be kill -- because of I . because they trust I . ( beat ) I gotta go back . maggie pull she hand back . turn away from he . he can tell she 's . . not buy . donnie I have a chance here to become a make guy -- a FBI agent a make guy in th e mafia . I t's gonna happen the en d of the year . and then I will come out . then it will all be of ver . you ' will ha have I for the rest of you life . maggie wave he away . turn away from he . a nurse enter and donnie , with sadness but no regret , exit . CUT to : ( 105 int . night . laguardia airport donnie dial at a pay phone , cradle the receiver while it ring . donhie Louis e ? it 's do nnie . CUT to : 106 int . night . lefty' apartment Louise on the phone in the kitchen . louise W h a t be i t -- tu e 's d a y ? I h av e n ' t see he since Sunday . I think he be with you . CUT to : 113 . 107 int . same time . airport donnie pump a quarter into the pay phone . bursey pick up at the other end . bursey ( 0.c. ) hello , bursey . donnie look , I think that sitdown 's tonight . I can not find lefty . bursey ( o.c . ) why do not you go ? donnie only make guy can go to a 's itdown . bursey ( o.c . ) so what do you want I to do ? donnie I do not know . listen to I -- I ' m worried . CUT to : 108 ext . night . big trin' house Big trin drive Philly lucky , sonny Red and Anthony bruno in he big lincoln . s9 nny red all my fuck life I hadda be S onny Red . sonn y Red and sonny bla ck . I g to up pe die th en he g to upped . fin ally the n ight have come . tomo rrow morni no I can j u st be ' S on n y' . N to re die th e one and only . ' sonny ' . bruno where you get the gun ? big trin relax . they be in the basement . bruno the basement of you house ? big trin hey , sonny , my jacket 's lose its crease . will you tell you kid to stop breathe on I ? bruno I wanna get there in time to set ' up . ( continued ) 114 . 108 continued : Big trin pull into he driveway . sonny red the sitdown 's in two hour . I wait my whole life , bruno , you can wait two hour . they climb out of the car . Philly lucky stay put . big trin what the hell 's wrong with you ? PHILLY lucky I be not go in you fuck basement . you get spider all over that basement . big trin he 's scared of spider . what a piece of work . PHILLY lucky leave I the key . I wanna play the radio . Big trin flip he the key . two wooden door alongside the house , lead down into the basement . with a groan , Big trin b end , pul ls they op en . flip a light S witch . on. off. nothing . _ big trin S h it . Bu lb m we t be of ut . W at ch you step . sonny Red and Anthony bruno follow he down ... inside the car Philly lucky start the oar . turn on the radio . Frank Sinatra sing " Nice work if you can get it . " and pull away . down the stair go Big trin , sonny Red and Anthony bruno , down into the dark , damp concrete and sawdust in they nostril . big trin where 's that fuck flashlight ? bang ! and the flash of a shotgun fire . bang ! bang ! as shotgun explode . by the light of the flash we see sonny , lefty and nicky bangl and another flash . bangl bang ! bang ! ( continued ) 115 . 108 continued : ( 2 . ) then a pause . nicky reach up , screw in the light bulb . light on . revealing the blast corpse of sonny Red and Big trin ... bruno jump out from behind a cabinet , run out the door . sonny wheel , fire . the stair splinter as the blast land just under bruno 's escape foot . lefty move to chase he . s9 nny fuggedaboudit , Left . we will give the contract to donnie . nicky take out a hefty bag and a long - blade butcher knife ... set to carve up the body . . . CUT to : 109 int . night . donnie' apartment carry he mail , donnie enter a dark room . moonlight filter through the blind . he close the door . flip the light switch . nothing instantly , he fall into a fight crouch , knife at the ready . his hand tremble with adrenaline . he move with he back to the wall , strain to see into the black room . to the kitchen he p ivo ts in a c omba t 's tan ce -- nob ody . th en piv ot aga in . hi 's for ree hand for umble in the kitch en drawer . find a flashlight . the bea m sweep across the room . donnie move on cat foot to the bathroom . the shower curtain draw shut . donnie tear they back , thrust the knife ... into air . D onnie thin ks a beat . snap th e flashli ght back of n . riffles through h be m ail . rip 's op en the electric bill read by the light of the flashlight disconnect notice : non - payment of bill donnie , a dimly - see dervish of rage ... he hurl the flashlight ... throw a chair and it splinter . . . grab the bar from he weight bench and start to swing ... smase1 and a electric sizzle as the television implode . donnie drop the bar and throw a bookcase to the ground . punch at the wall ... again and again and again ... then sag to the ground ... weeping ... or laughing ... ( continued ) 1 16 . 109 continued * donnie the electric bill ... I can not get over it ... the fuck ' B ' do not pay the fuck electric bill I CUT to : 110 int . day . hospital maggie convalesce -- she wound have begin to heal and she 's no longer intubated , although she eye be still bandage . Jules enter , sit down beside she . take she hand . jule it 's Jules , maggie . maggie I could hear you cheap shoe all the way down the hall . jule how're you feel ? maggie S can be die Al one . jule do you see Joe ? maggie you mean do Joe see I ? jule the ' B ' want he to come out . maggie he will never come out . jule y ou do not believe the shit that c ome up . I have to argue with t hem that he have not go over to t he other side . maggie Joe ? he would not have the imagination . I wish he would become a gangster - - at least we could pay we frigging bill . jule S maybe you could talk to he . maggie do you know what this be about , J ule ? Thi 's be about a promotion . ( continued ) 117 . 110 continued : jule I talk to he about that . maggie not from you -- from they . he want to be a make guy . close on -- jule as he hear this ... he know that this have go too far . maggie for year I try to figure out what m ade Joe t ick . and t hen I finally figure it out -- there 's nothing it cking . he ' 's get he rule and he 's gonna live by he rule . the job be the job . start what you finish . when he 's in the FBI he want to be the best and when he 's in the mafia h e want t of be the " b est -- like it 's all some frigging basketball game . ( disdainfully ) men. jule maggie ... maybe this be none of my business , but -- maggie do not worry -- I ' m not gonna leave he . I do not h ave he with hen I have he . now that it 's almo st over I ' m goddamn if I will let someone else have he . CUT to : 111 int . night . lefty' apartment Christmas decoration , and a tree . lefty watch a nature program on tv . a leopard move stealthily ... narrator ( o.c. ) ... cloak by the high grasses of the African savanna , the stalking leopard move stealthily ... Louise enter with donnie . louise bennie , donnie '8 here . ( continued ) 118 . Ill continued : narrator ( 0.c . ) ... separate from the herd / the gazelle sense danger ... lefty rapt in he easy chair ... lefty bennie love animal . on the screen the leopard charge ... teeth tear at the gazelle ... and soon the leopard and she family feed on a bloody carcass . narrator ( o.c. ) ... Hunter and hunt , predator and prey -- the endless cycle of nature , repeat once again ... lefty mino *1 you see that ? louise I will be inside if you need I . lefty we be go out , Louise . Louise exit inside . satisfied , lefty snap off the show with he remote control . turn to donnie . lefty T hey find bruno . he 's shacki no up with a broad down City Island . on a boat . h e ope ns u p a d rawer . tak es ou t a gun . load it with ith b ulle ts ... lzfty you know what this mean , do not you ? you be gonna get straighten out . you become a make guy / donnie , you can lie , you can cheat , you can steal , you can whack out whoever you want and it 's all completely legitimate . be a make guy 's the great thing in the world . lefty reach into the drawer . hand another gun to donnie . close on --donnie as he look at the gun in he hand . CUT to : 119 . 112 ext . night . marina --city island donnie and lefty sit and wait in donnie 's cadillac . lefty smoke . donnie maybe he be not gonna show . lefty he will show . donnie I ' m just say -- maybe we should forget about it , pop he tomorrow night . lefty we can not pop he tomorrow night , for you information . tomorrow night we get the wake for Big trin . donnie I forget . lefty fuggedaboudit -- it 's better this way anyway . wait when nobody 's around . donnie' Pov of the desert marina ... donnie that 's some boat this broad have . lefty fuggedaboudit . there 's one thing I know , it 's boat . donnie what be that -- a hundred grand ? lefty donn ie -- wh ere*d you ge t that boat dow n i n fl orid a? donnib " I tell you . that be this girl I use to see down there , it 's she brother 's . lefty what 's she name ? donnie Florence . lefty Florence what ? ( continued ) 120 . 112 continued : donnie' Pov in the distance , a tran am pull up near the boat they be watch , bruno emerge . lock he car . climb onto the boat ... donnie c'mon , that 's he . lefty Florence what , donnie ? donnie hey , Left -- what do you care , Florence what ? Florence Italy . lefty Don nie -- why do you want to lie to I , D onnie ? do I ever li e to you once all this year about the time of day ? donnie I ' m not lie . lefty how many fuck time do I have you over for dinner at my fuck h ous e ? y ou for uck ing rat b ast ard -- donnie hey , Left -- that 's the problem ? be we gonna whack this guy or what ? lefty I go on the fuck record with you , D onnie . yo u could wa lk on the street and punch any man in the mouth because I stand up for you . ' . , , . . donnie ... what be tne fuck problem ? lefty reach in he pocket . a piece of paper , fold , tear from " Newsweek * . the headline : abscam : FBI ' sheik * sting corrupt lawmaker beneath the headline , a photo of the " sheik * party ona yacht -- " the left hand * . donnie look up from the article . see a gun in lefty 's hand . ( continued ) 121. ( 2 ) 112 continued : lefty that 's a fuck Federal boat , donnie . that 's we boat . d9 nnie hold on a minute , Left . the boat with trafficante ? that be not the same boat . lefty do not tell I that be not the same boat , donn ie1 that ' 's a fuckin g Federal boatl that 's a Taiwan - make boat , there 's only , five like that in the world . donnie I really do not think that 's the same boat , Left . lefty lookit that . you see that ? ' the lefthand . ' that 's like my name . donnie maybe she brother 's a fuck a ge not . h of with will u lo I ko of with ? I think he be in real estate . lefty ai not the quest ion , donni e . you still be not answer I why we be fuck on a fuck Federal fuck boat ! donnie you be right , Left . I be a fuck rat . lefty you be a rat ? donnie I meet you girl . I talk to Tommy for you I do not know how many fuck time . I do not know how many time I have dinner with you and Louise . I live with you , Left -- partner . five fuck year , I ever have a hundred buck in my pocket , I give you half . and the whole time I be a fuck rat . you be right . lefty donnie -- do I say you be a rat , donnie ? ( continued ) 122. 112 continued : ( 3 ) donnie you would have to be the biggest fuck mutt in the history of the mafia . lefty you fuck lax , donnie . do not get on you high horse . donnie' Pov as bruno emerge from the boat . light a cigarette . look around , donnie shit . he 's up again . lefty how the fuck be I suppose to explain this to sonny ? donnie you ask I it 's the funniest fuck thing in the world . that fuck agent could scam Senators and congressman and meanwhile we have a party on they boat and they do not get a fuck thing on we . sonny '11 laugh he ass off . lefty where be the joke , donnie ? donnie we outsmart the agent . we get a higher Z .q. than the fuckin g congressman . lefty you get so many black mark on you now , donnie , a fuck Einstein could not count they . donnie what black mark ? lefty that time with the luggage and / uh , uh ... the other time . donnie be we gonna whack this fuck guy or not ? lefty I be not no fuck mutt , donnie . donnie check the action on he gun ... ( continued ) 123. 112 continued : ( 4 ) D on N Ie how the fuck do I know it be a fuck Federal boat ? lefty I die wit 'cha . I ' m you best friend , donnie . donnie open the door , climb out / gun in hand . donnie that 's right , Left -- you be my best friend . " you best friend be the one who kill you . " donnie freeze . lefty look at he . lefty ' S gun point at donnie 's back ... as he finger move toward the trigger . then su dde nly -- light explode from police cherrytop . . . swarm of FBI men in blue windbreaker with big wh ite lette rs -- " FBI " -- descend of n the car , gun draw n . they G rab . donnie and lefty . Jules hustle donnie away . lefty ( call ) donnie , do not say nothing . do not say nothing to they . jule congratulation . it 's over , Joe . donnie what do you mean , it 's over ? jule you be come out . donnie what the fuck --? nobody - -. I be not come out . jule it 's over , Joe . donnie it 's not over . I be too close ! donnie start to run . FBI men be on top of he , wrestle he dovr , . donnie struggle , exchange a look with lefty as he 's drag away . ( continued ) 124 , ( 5 ) 112 continued : lefty donnie , do not say nothing ! CUT to : 113 int . day . motion lounge photo of donnie at the FBI Academy at quantico , then with berada , lebow and other FBI men , as Marshall and Jules show they to sonny / nicky and boobie . marshall you know this guy as donnie bras co . he 's a FBI age not . we just want to tell you . CUT . to : 114 ext . day . motion lounge sonny , nicky , lefty , leg and Philly lucky watch as the FBI man drive off . they stand on the street corner -- death and disbelief write in they face . sonny you believe that fuck guy ? there 's no fuck way donnae could be a agent . nicky the cullione on he , bluff we like that . legs you think they get he ? on a rooftop a tech team aim a parabolic microphone and a telephoto lens . the whir of a autowindex and a freeze frame as they stand outside . sonny no way he could be a agent . legs nowadays they can doctor a picture any fuck way they want . PHILLY lucky it still do not explain that boat . nicky fuggedaboudit , Philly . ( continued ) 125 . 114 continued : L ef t y li 's the n s. S a ys no th i no . h e k no with 's th e t be ut h. ZZ Z h1 a n d another freeze frame . sonny that boat be a set-up . then we think donnie 's a rat and we get scared and fuggedaboudit . nicky maybe they brainwash he . like in that movie , with Sinatra ? Z Z zh ! a no t he be 's ho t . Z ZZ hl PHILLY lucky they say he 's a agent , I say he 's a fuck agent . sonny you be talk through you ass . nicky you do not know he . sonny you do not know donnie , Philly . cl ose on --l eft y as he listen . say nothing . CUT to : 115 int . night . lefty' apartment lefty sit , broods , watch tv . the phone ring . lefty hello ? ( listen ) yeah , okay , N ic ky . o k ay . he han gs up . th ink a bea t . as he l ook into he open grave ... T ake off he gold watch , stick it in a drawer . then the cross he wear a roun d he neck . the keys to he C adill ac . C lose the draw er as Louise enter . louise who be that ? lefty N icky . I be go out . he give Louise a kiss . lefty do not wait up for I . ( C ontinued ) 126 . 115 continued : lefty e i n of D c a l 's , e t l h i m i for i t with 's a n of g a b e a y of e n , I be d a g l t i 's a with CUT to : 116 int . day . FBI headquarters i n of De sit at he desk , prepare he testimony . , Marshall drop some surveillance photo off . marshall they just take this yesterday . donnie pick they up . donnie' Pov photo of lefty 's rooftop . as the pigeon coops be dismantle . jule in he office . donnie duck in . Jules look up , see donnie struggle a beat with he emotion . then the mask descend again . donnie you can stop look for lefty . CUT to : 117 int . another day . federal courthouse --manhattan under heavy guard , donnie walk up a b ack stairca se . up a marble hallway . Doors open and he enter the courtroom . a hush fall as the mafia defendant , line up in the dock -- all for ac es we have see earlier , include sonny , nicky , leg , and Philly L ucky -- turn and look at he . prosecutor the government call special agent Joseph D. pistone . close on --donnie as he take in the proof of he accomplishment . with the knowledge of what it have cost he . freeze frame . a final crawl run over this * the evidence collect by " donnie brasco " lead to over 200 indictment . ( continued ) 127 . 117 continued : after testify . special agent Joseph D. pistone leave the FBI . he life with he wife under a assume name in a undisclose location . there be a $ 500,000 open contract on he head . the FBI deny he a pension . the IRS assess he $ 7,000 in back tax and penalty . fade to black : credit roll