doom patrol episode 101 '' Pilot '' written by Jeremy carver directed by Glen Winter executive producer Jeremy carver greg berlanti geoff johns Sarah schechter Chris dingess producer tamara becher Neil T. reynold Marcus dalzine dermott downs t50.10101 limite studio draft 7/6/2018 ©2018 Warner bros . entertainment Inc . this script be the property of olive Avenue production , LLC . no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce or use by any mean , or disclose to , quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of olive Avenue production , LLC . tv Calling - for educational purpose only episode 101 '' Pilot '' cast list cliff steele jane rita farr april bowlby larry trainor nile caulder narrator /mr.morden /mr.nobody bump weather clara steele giselle JOHN bower kate steele sheryl trainor von fuch AIR control bartender cop # 1 director first assistant director little kid man-on -the -street news reporter tv tom valet waitress tv Calling - for educational purpose only episode 101 '' Pilot '' location report int . int . von fuch ' laboratory ~ day ( 1948 ) p.2 int . tacky mansion - livingroom - day ( 1988 ) p.5 int . tacky mansion - den - day ( 1988 ) p.5 int . tacky mansion ~ kid be room - day ( 1988 ) p.5 int . guesthouse - day ( 1988 ) p.5 int . cliff car / ext . racetrack - day ( 1988 ) b.7 int , strele trailer - day - flashback ( 1983 ) b.9 int . sterle trailer - day ~ flashback ( 1986 ) p.9 int . doom manor - chief' lab - night ( 1989 ) p.10 int . doom manor - chief' lab - night ( 1992 ) p.10 int . doom manor - chief' lab - night ( 1995 ) p.11 int . doom manor - chief' office - day ( 1995 ) p.15 int . doom manor - day ( 1995 ) p.16 int . x- 15 / C - 22 - flying ~ day - flashback ( 1961 ) p.18 int . AIR shed - day - flashback ( 1961 ) p.19 int . trainor house ~ day - flashback ( 1961 ) p.19 int . doom manor - solarium - night ( 1995 ) p.20 int . doom manor - chief' office - day ( 1995 ) p.22 int . doom manor - solarium - day ( 1995 ) p.22 int . africa ~ film set # 1 -rita's tent-flashback ( 1955 ) p.24 int . doom manor - hallway - day ~ intercut ( 1995 ) p,28 int . doom manor - chief' lab - day ( 1995 ) p.28 int . HOTEL room - night - flashback ( 1988 ) p.29 int . cliff / kate car - night - flashback ( 1988 ) p.30 int . doom manor ~ cliff room - day ( 1995 ) p.32 int . doom manor - cliff room - present day ( 2018 ) p.33 int . larry bus - hour later ( 2018 ) p.36 int . doom manor - various - the next day ( 2018 ) p.39 int . doom bus - day - drive ( 2018 ) p.41 int . town - diner ~ day ( 2018 ) p.42 int . town - bar - day ( 2018 ) p.45 int . chief' car / town - night ( 2018 ) p.53 int . doom manor - hallway - same time p.54 int . doom manor - chief' lab - night ( 2018 ) p.55 int . doom manor - chief' map room ~ night ( 2018 ) p.55 int . doom bus - moving - night ( 2018 ) p.59 tv Calling - for educational purpose only episode 101 '' Pilot '' ext . ext . paraguayan town - day ( 1948 ) p.l ext . panama CITY , FL - tacky mansion - day ( 1988 ) p.4 ext . guesthouse - day ( 1988 ) p.5 ext . racetrack - day ( 1988 ) p.6 ext . doom manor - day ( 1995 ) p.17 ext . airfield - edward airforce base - flashback ( 1961 ) p.17 ext . trainor house - continuous - flashback ( 1961 ) p.20 ext . africa - film set # 1 - day - flashback ( 1955 ) p.23 ext . africa - film set # 2 - flashback ( 1955 ) p.24 ext . kate family house ~ night - flashback ( 1988 ) p.30 ext . doom manor ~ the next morning ( 2018 ) p.36 ext . road - day ( 2018 ) p.41 ext , town STREET - day ( 2018 ) p.41 ext . town - sidewalk - day ( 2018 ) p.42 ext . doom bus - day ( 2018 ) p.43 ext . town park ~ day ( 2018 ) p.44 ext . chief' car / town - night ( 2018 ) p.53 ext . road - night ( 2018 ) p.58 ext . town - night ( 2018 ) p.59 tv Calling - for educational purpose only doom _ patrol '' Pilot '' ext , paraguayan town - day ( 1948 a young boy hold the rein to a albino donkey cover he head from the beat rain , watch a ancient bus wheeze to a stop across the muddy road . Super : San bernadino , paraguay , 1948 . narrator ( v.0 . ) this be the story of four superhero . ( a tired sigh ) four more tv superhero . just what the world need . ( a beat ) be honest - have you hang yourself yet ? a man in a suit and wide - brimm hat step from the bus , a satchel sling over he shoulder . this be mr. morden - 40s , pale - clearly from away . even the heavy rain can not dampen he mile - wide smile of expectation . narrator ( v.o. ) we story begin with a man , not a good man , not one of we heroes , who simply want to become a better bad man . the Boy turn up the road with the donkey ( which wear a distinctive bridle ) , whistle for Mr. morden to follow . ext . paraguayan town - various — day ( 1948 ) the Boy lead Mr. morden through the town center , morden greet each face with a smile , get stony stare in return . narrator ( v.0 . ) and he story begin , as most bad mens ' storey do -- with a visit to a Nazi . ( correct himself ) cobbler . they eventually arrive at a forebode home . a impose valet hold a umbrella over a older german man . this be von fuch - 608/70s , german , a ex - Nazi . von fuch Mr. morden . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 2. continued : mr . morden yes , yes ! you must be sturmbanhfuhrer von fuch . valet ( be : von fuch ) martinez . mr . morden sorry ? valet senor martinez . mr . morden who ? valet the village cobbler . mr . morden oh ? ( mow he get it ) ohhh . Mr. morden delight in they little secret . von fuch and the valet just stare . int . von fuch 's laboratory ~ day ( 1948 von fuch lead Mr. morden in . there be a multiple baroque contraption befit a mad scientist of the era . Mr. morden grin , step forth -- the valet stop he . Mr. morden get it -- they want to see payment . he open he satchel , display content we never see . but - as von fuch 's eyeball widen - we know it 's more than enough . narrator ( v.0 . ) von fuch be renowned for he theoretical experimentation , offer certain enhancement for a price - a price Mr. morden be more than willing to pay . Mr. morden move to gawk at what look like a stand isolation chamber , hook up to various pump and lever . von fuch my finest invention . design accord to the fuhrer 's most demand specification . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 3 . continued : mr . morden ( quietly awed ) herr Hitler himself use this ? von fuch because I have be hide in this sixth world hellhole if he have ? ( then , a smile ) the fuhrer die before its completion . meaning you could be , should be ... ( eyeing the satchel ) + ethe very first . int . von fuch 's laboratory — moment later ( 1948 Mr. morden , wear a specialize suit , step into the chamber . von fuch shut he in , step to a control panel where the satchel hang . von fuch don a headset , push a few button , pull a few lever , compression tube wheeze as — - inside the chamber ~ Mr. morden be in a strange and wonderful space . sound drop away , time slow , as von fuch 's voice sound tinny and echo-y over small speaker in the chamber . von fuch can you hear I , Mr. morden ? mr . morden yes ! but he voice sound funny . like he suck heliun . mr . morden ( cont ‘d ) oh. which sound different , too . he giggle . which in itself sound funny . which lead he to hysterics , von fuch be you ready , Mr. morden ! mr. morden ready ! von fuch repeat after I , please . the. mr . morden the. as they speak , von fuch push various lever and the chamber begin to glow a blind white . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 4 . continued : the voice grow trippier and slower as Mr. morden be drive from hysterics to amaze euphoria . von fuch mind , mr . morden mind . von fuch be . mr . morden be . von fuch the. mr . morden the. von fuch limit . von fuch ( cont ‘d ) again . as Mr. morden repeat the phrase , he lip seem to detach from he face , float in the whiteness , speak to he : mr . morden the mind be the limit . the mind be the limit . the mind be the - oh. ( hot damn ... ) funky . as the lip smile and everything go to white and funky , 60 - style , theme music kick in and we go to title : doom patrol ext , panama CITY , FL — tacky mansion — day ( 1988 godawful tacky piece of property . New money life here . Super : Panama City , Florida , 1988 narrator ( v.0 . ) and now , to the 1980 . somewhere in this abomination of glass and blow be a pale white ass pump up and down . up and down . the ass of a hero . tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 int . tacky mansion —- livingroom — day ( 1988 5 . kate steele - 30 , attractive - do aerobics . we favor she butt . int , tacky mansion — den — day ( 1988 a uniform housekeeper vacuum . we favor she butt . int . tacky mansion - kid 's room — day ( 1988 a toddler girl cry in she crib . this be clara steele . favor she butt . kate hear she cry . kate giselle ! the housekeeper vacuum . kate ( cont 'd ) giselle} ! ext . guesthouse — day ( 1988 cutesy front porch . Little sign . '' giselle '' int . guesthouse — day ( 1988 we giselle - 20 , attractive - pound away with cliff steele - 30 , ruggedly handsome , kate 's husband . we favor he butt : it 's pale , it 's white , it pump up and down . narrator ( v.0 . ) there it be . mmm , smell like hero to I . cliff who 's the fox ? giselle you be . ext . guesthouse — day ( 1988 ) kate approach the guesthouse . grow suspicious . kate giselle ? tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 6 . int . guesthouse — day ( 1988 ) giselle and cliff keep pound . cliff who 's the fox ? giselle ( climaxing ) oh - my - god ... ext . guesthouse - day ( 1988 ) kate walk to the door , raise a arm to knock when -- the door open . giselle , perfectly put together in she nanny uniform , exit . kate stare dagger . it 's mutual . kate the baby 's cry . giselle really ? look fine to I . kate react -- huh ? she whip around to see -- cliff , dress , with they now~calm daughter in he arm . cliff she 's fine , honey . you can not be so scared of she . giselle sashays past she to pluck the child from cliff 's arm . and now they both face she , as if they be the loving couple . but kate stare only at cliff , who do he very best to withstand she wither glare . narrator ( v.o. ) behold , the bottom rung of Marriage : contempt . ext . racetrack — day ( 1988 cliff , in full racing attire , walk through the pit area where he be adore by fan and crew . he be join by he crew chief , bump weather - 30 , Southern - on the way to he car . bump wear a shit-eate grin . cliff what ? bump how in the hell have you get kate to agree to she ? tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 7 . continued : bump 's talk about giselle , who tend to Clara . cliff you be a dirty old man , bump . ( then ) it 's call trust . think you woulda learn that by wife number three . they come to he race car , where kate - play the smoking hot race car driver 's wife - await . cliff lean in for a perfunctory kiss , more for the crowd than anything , as kate whisper into he ear : kate crash and die , babe . cliff Love you too , honey . cliff wave to the ador crowd , slip into he car and — — int . cliff car / ext . racetrack ~ day ( 1988 ) we be racing ! cliff whip expertly around the track . maneuver through a tight pack of other driver . bump ( v.o. ) ( through the comm ) get to center , big fella . cliff Little snug get there . bump ( v.0 . ) how ' bout you cry about it back in the box ? cliff smile . jerk the car center . narrowly miss a guy as he pass he . cliff whoo ! you see that ! god-damn ! bump ( v.0 . ) ( not talk to he ) whoaaa . hey , there ... cliff what ? bump ( v.0 . ) uh , nothing , cliff . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 8. continued : cliff be we racing here ? bump Hell , yes . ( then , another aside ) my god , sugar , do not do that -- cliff bump ? cliff tear into the straightaway , pass he pit crew and he turn to check out what the hell be go on as -- time slow . cliff ‘s Pov - kate have drape herself around bump , she hand down he pants , stare directly at cliff . on cliff . time still slowed . cliff ( cont ‘d ) what the fuck ! as time speed up , cliff whip he attention back to the track but he 's furious -- cliff ( cont 'd ) you be fuck my wife ! bump ( v.o. ) cliff , I swear to god no - ~ kate ( cut in , loving it ) -- oh , yes he be , guess what I never have to say when I be bang big ol 's bump ? cliff do not . kate be it in , yet ? cliff scream . distract , he front end tap the back of the car in front of he , set off a chain reaction -- cliff whoa . whoa ! -- that result in another car riding up on the side wall and flipping spectacularly end over end , back out onto the track -— tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " pilot " Limited Studio draft 71/6/18 9 . continued : ( 2 ) --directly for cliff steelen windshield , as we -- CUT to black ! over black - a answering machine beep . we hear cliff tire voice and the same message , a few time . except we hear it in different pitch , as if someone be play with get it just right . cliff ( v.0 . ) ( on tape ) I do not know what happen to we . I be go to be better . a glimpse - of a shatter , blood - specked windshield . hazy sunlight filter through . like colored-glass . cliff ( v.0 . ) ( on tape ) I do not know what happen to we . I be go to be better . there 's a incongruous sound run beneath this image : the SOUND of a blowtorch . int . steele trailer — day — flashback ( 1983 cliff and kate , young , poorer , happier , in they single - wide . 80s rock blare , kate dance around with a beer , cliff mix Mac n cheese , slice hot dog and barbecue sauce on the stove . it 's all a little frantic : cliff trainwreck ready ! kate wooooo ! beneath all of it , that sound : the blowtorch . int . steele trailer - day - flashback ( 1986 ) cliff and kate on the sofa , newborn clara sleep on he stomach , kate 's head on he shoulder . they be exhaust . cliff do you think she have any idea who we be ? tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 10 . continued : kate baby Clara , you daddy 's gonna be a big-time race car driver . cliff naw , I mean the important thing . ( then , to kate ) do you think she know how much I dove you ? weary chuckle . which , after a beat , begin to SOUND like a blowtorch ... as image of a man in a welding helmet begin to jarringly CUT into the memory and we be in -- int . doom manor — chief' lab - night ( 1989 a unknown Pov ( cliff 's ) : a laboratory / machine shop . vintage machinery . Hand -tool . music blare , SPARKS fly as a man wear a flame - decall welding helmet hold a blowtorch and make a weld ... somewhere around what would be cliff 's chin ? [ a note here : the Pov be not crystal clear . it be grainy , staticky , a imperfect video screen . ] the man stop abruptly . flip up he mask , we see he face for the first time . a bit wild - eye , sweat - streak , dirty , he 's be at this for awhile . he stare in slight horror at he mistake . this be dr . nile caulder aka the chief . nile fudge . CUT to black . int . doom manor - chief' lab - night ( 1989 ) cliff 's Pov : nile , in a wheelchair , eat a bowl of chocolate ice cream , watch a how - to video on weld . cuT to black . int . doom manor — chief 's lab — night ( 1992 cliff 's Pov : what appear to be a man wrap fully in bandage sit slump in chair in the corner of cliff 's field of vision . be he drunk ? Dead ? a moment later , something else creep into cliff 's Pov , a black , electrical mass that kinda sorta appear to be in the rough shape of a human ... and it 's definitely check cliff out ... CUT to black . tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 11 . int . doom manor - chief 's lab — night ( 1995 cliff 's Pov : a BOWL of popcorn rest on ... he stomach ? he can not tell . the man who wear the welding mask - nile - sit on one side of he while a woman - elegant , a bit haunt - sit on the other . this be rita farr . they face away from he , watch a 1950s black and white melodrama on the tv which appear to star ... rita farr ? nile and rita be like a old marry couple , act out this movie they have watch a million time . rita / tv rita I be not sure you ever love I , Tom . nile / tv tom of course I love you . but I be just never any damn good at show it . rita / tv rita you know what my father use to say about smooth talker like you ? everything before the '' but '' be baloney . Dramatic music swell from the tv as tv Tom give tv rita one last look and leave . nile pat rita 's hand , know watch herself be always bittersweet . CUT to black . nile ( pre - lap ) cliff . cliff steele . int . doom manor — chief 's lab — night ( 1995 cliff 's Pov : nile study cliff with gentle concern . nile my name be Dr. nile caulder . would you please nod you head if you understand I . nothing happen . cliff 's head do not move nile ( ind ) I want you to remember what it feel like to nod you head , picture it in you mind ... tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 12 . continued : quick pop . laugh a beat . daughter . 1988 . cliff cock he head , make a silly face at hig nile ( cont ‘d ) »+- now I want you to nod you head . our Pov nod up and down . which represent a massive accomplishment for nile . nile ( cont ‘d ) good man . ( a bit overcome ) very good . ( gather himself ) I be certain you have lot of question and I promise you I be work on restore you voice capability as soon as humanly possible . you be in a terrible accident , cliff . much of you body be render beyond repair . but we be get there . you , we be close . ( a kind smile ) Rest . I promise int , doom manor — chief' lab — night ( 1995 cliff ‘s Pov : nile hold cue card with simple word for read . cliff 's voice be still weak here , imperfect as they practice , cliff zeroe in on a wall clif£ to and slow . calendar behind nile . it say nile the buh-buh-bird . cliff Bird , nile fla - fla - fly . cliff fu - ck . nile flew . cliff fuck. ( then ) nineteen-ninety -five . '' 1995 '' . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft continued : 7/6/18 13. nile realize cliff 's talk about the calendar . nile yes . cliff nineteen-ninety-fucking -five . nile ( back to the card ) up-uh . cliff my - wife . where 's - my - wife ? nile cliff - this be might be difficult to process . the world think you die in 1988 . I be sorry . cliff I be - not - dead . nile ( false cheer ) and get stronger every day ! cliff you - mother - fucker . what - do - you - do - to - I ? nile how about - we take a break . nile reach past cliff to turn off a switch . cliff no -- cut to black . int . doom manor — chief' lab ~ night ( 1995 cliff ‘s Pov : rita sit by the side of the bed . hand . coolly appraise he . rita the Chief 's a good man . Big heart . a little odd , maybe a little vague , but it come from a good place . I ? i’1l always tell you the truth . ( then ) ( more ) a cocktail in tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 14 . continued : rita ( cont 'd ) the Chief tell you the world assume you be dead . ( cliff nod ) do he tell you that 's because the only part of you he be able to give be you brain ? cliff ( a quiet beat ) no . rita which mean we need to talk about expectation . what you really , really want . cliff I want to go home . rita and then we need to take that expectation , we need to give they a gentle pat ... and flush they into the ocean . rita take a mirror . turn it on cliff . for the first time , he see he whole self . his new self . he be no longer human . he be a robot . cliff what be that ? ( grow emotional ) stop ... please ... ( then , scream ) what be that — -! rita switch he off . sit there a moment . nile ( 0.8 . ) I tell you he be not ready . nile sit in the doorway , disappointed . he wheel away . rita everyone deserve the truth . int . doom manor — day ( 1995 we be tracking through doom manor in a unknown Pov . a vast place that could have once be a period estate or a high end sanitorium . it feel grand and fade and re-purpose all at once . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 15 . continued : nile ( pre - lap ) you do not look like the person you use to be , there 's no get around that . int . doom manor _- chief 's office - day ( 1995 nile and cliff . nile but you be still very much you . cliff . upright but immobile . strapped to a hand -truck . cliff sure. ( then ) what be this place ? nile my home . a safe place for you , other like you . to heal . cliff where 's my wife ? nile {a beat ) what do you remember , cliff ? cliff I remember ask where 's my wife . nile I be sorry . I do not have any answer that you can not answer for yourself . cliff what do that mean ? nile do not say . cliff search for answer . quick pop : he and kate . Fighting . the bad time . quick pop : that race car hurtle for he windshield . resume cliff . work it out . cliff ( cont ‘d ) just tell I if she 's move on . it 's be seven year , she think I be dead , she 's move on . ( more ) tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 16 . continued : cliff ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I would have . quick pop . more fight . they daughter , Clara , cry . cliff ( cont ’d ) I can not -- I can not hold a memory . everything 's fracture . everything 's bad . nile you be experience something call dissociative memory . after a severe trauma , you brain only let you remember what it want you to remember . it 's a cope mechanism . cliff which make no sense . why would I only remember the bad ? nile ( a gentle smile ) it will all come back . the bad and the good . we will get you on you foot . you will start feel like yourself soon enough . cliff ( after a beat ) why do not you let I die ? nile if you have want to die , you would have die . the door open . the mysterious bandaged man be there . this be larry trainor - 30 , erudite , slyly humorous . nile ( cont 'd ) cliff steele , Larry trainor . I think he might help with you recovery . int . doom manor — day ( 1995 cliff 's Pov : float through doom manor , this be the unknown Pov we see before . on cliff . strapped to the hand truck . Larry push he . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 17 . continued : wide : they move through some of the vast space of this place -- the solarium , the library , etc . narrator ( v.o. ) and Larry give cliff the grand tour , wheeling he like a coupla pony keg through this home we will come to know as , doom manor . ext , doom manor — day ( 1995 ) Larry push cliff outside , to a veranda , the tree and flower groan under summer foliage , the air be full . larry I think you might like some air . cliff take it in . his first time outside in year . cliff I can not feel the air . larry ( after a beat ) suck to be you . cliff turn , take in Larry , really , for the first time . this man , wrap in bandage head to toe , like a mummy . cliff what be it like get bury in a pyramid with you cat ? larry a sense of humor help here . so you will work on that . cliff what 's you story ? larry ( after a beat ) I fly airplane . ext . airfield -— edward airforce base - flashback ( 1961 close on : aviator boot crossing a tarmac . super : Edwards airforce base , California , 1961 narrator ( v.o. ) '' flew airplane '' . please . Larry trainor be a american god . ( more ) . : tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 18 , continued : narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) aix Force naviator . test pilot . shortlist for the mercury Space program ... widen : Larry trainor stride across the airfield in full , sub - orbital - appropriate , test pilot gear . head for ... narrator ( v.o. ) «..an Atomic Age sex machine . ..- the X - 15 , a experimental rocket plane attach to the underbelly of a NASA B - 52 mothership . his Ground Crew Chief , JOHN bower , fall in next to he as they do a sight inspect the X - 15 . larry how 's my X - 15 ? JOHN fifty -seven thousand pound - force of thrust , Mach 6 , like riding a rocket ship between you thigh . she 's a beast . int , X - 15 / C - 22 - flying - day - flashback ( 1961 ) Larry sit in the rumbling cockpit of the X - 15 , still attach to the mothership . aloft . AIR control ( v.0 . ) five second , zero -zero-eight . larry Roger , two , one , launch . the X - 15 be drop launch , its rocket engine ignites , Larry shoot into the heaven . AIR control ( v.o. ) Roger , we get a good light here , Larry . check you alpha and you head . moment later . with larry . his plane hurtle upwards at Mach 6 . approach 130,000 foot above the Earth ... AIR control ( v.o. ) Count at twelve now ... get twelve - six ... and thirteen ... larry very sensitive . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 19 . continued : AIR control ( v.o. ) Mach still good . the sky behind he darken as he approach sub-orbital atmosphere and see , laid out in front of he : the curvature of the Earth . larry sweet mother of God . his reverie be break by a loom , shimmer mass ( think aurora borealis ) ... his plane fly right through it ... but now the shimmery light be inside he cockpit ... larry ( cont ' ’d ) hold on . matter strike . ( off the dial ) everything seem to be fine . the X - 15 suddenly start to spin . Larry remain calm . larry ( cont ’d ) go squirrelly . I be in a spin . int . atr shed - day - flashback ( 1961 John and the other member of the ground crew listen to the ground - to - air crosstalk . oh , shit ... AIR control ( v.o. ) let 's watch you theta , Larry . larry I be in a spin . int . trainor house — day — flashback ( 1961 a woman , sheryl trainor serve breakfast to two kid . a family picture include Larry . husband , dad . with larry in the X - 15 Larry black out ! as the rocket plane spin to Earth . AIR control ( v.0o . ) let 's pull it up ... put some g on it , Larry ... on the airfield JOHN slam out of the shed , race for the motor pool . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 20 . continued : AIR control ( v.o. ) do you read , Larry ? with larry in the X ~15 Larry , still unconscious . the plane hurtle down . when , inexplicably - Larry 's chest begin to glow from within . as something - that black , electrical Mass we recognize from earlier ~- spring from he torso , like another life force exite he . just as -- the x-15 slam into the desert floor . ext . tratnor house - continuous - flashback ( 1961 sheryl step outside the screen door to the front yard , where neighbor in the street be look off , to the airfield , where a plume of smoke rise in the air . the burning wreckage through the flame we see Larry 's body . Dead . as now , that black electrical mass , almost humanoid in shape - call it the negative spirit - float down to the flame — - ~- and re-enter Larry 's body as we -- rise up , through the smoke , to see army vehicle racing at they from across the field . with JOHN in the lead jeep as they arrive at the wreckage . but there 's no way . no way Larry could have survive ... until -- Larry shuffles out from the burn wreckage , fully aflame , char , grotesque . but alive . narrator ( v.o. ) kill I , but I sort of like Larry trainor 's origin tale . all stare . stun . int . doom manor — solarium ~ night ( 1995 cliff stand in front rehab stair . Three step up , three down . handrail . Larry watch . cliff lift a foot - clank ! it bang against the bottom step . across the room , rita knit . another cocktail beside she . flinch at every grate clank ! tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 21 . continued : rita '' it be so important what you be do , cliff . ( please stop ) but you know , there 's always tomorrow ! cliff ( to Larry ) what 's drinky 's deal ? larry rita ? she be a actress . she prefer the light here in the afternoon . ( to rita ) look terrific today , rita ! rita hold up she drink in droll thanks . she know . clank ! cliff just can not do it . cliff fuck I . larry where be you go , cliff ? sometimes it help to picture a place you would like to go . cliff how ' bout up the freakin’ step ? larry ( a quiet challenge ) why go up the step at all ? cliff i_ca not walk . I can not fly , I can not feel . I can not eat , I can not smell , I can not shit , I can not fuck and I have like to be able to do one fuck thing for myself when I kiss you and the other munster here the sweet fuck goodbye . rita and Larry react . oh. clara ( 0.s. ) daddy ? cliff whip he head toward the stair ... he daughter clara sit on the lowest step . she wave . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 22 . continued : ( 2 ) and now she 's go . cliff react -- what the --? nile ( pre - lap ) see you daughter , that 's good ! int , doom manor — chief' office - day ( 1995 cliff and nile . nile test bend cliff 's leg and ankle with a remote control . nile that mean the memory be come back . maybe she 's just the inspiration you need . whirr . whirr . up , back . up , back ... cliff have anyone ever leave this place ? nile some have . some come and go . other , like Larry and rita , prefer to stay . rita have she knitting , Larry , he horticulture . to be perfectly honest with you , that who leave find it 's often more difficult for the world out there to accept who they have become than they do . ( then , be : the test ) in better news , I can see no mechanical reason you should not be able to walk . ( then ) keep go , cliff . you be almost there . on cliff . the thrum of race car engine consume he as -- int . doom manor — solarium - day ( 1995 cliff watch nascar on tv . planted on the sofa like a bookend . quick pop : cliff in he race car , in the thick of it . resume cliff . rita enter , carry she drink and a roast chicken . afternoon snack . rita be not you suppose to be not - walk ? tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 23 , continued : cliff yeah . rita and ? cliff I be remember . a beat . rita sit down . stare at the tv . rita you use to do this ? cliff yeah . rita around and around ... that 's it ? cliff yeah . ( after a beat ) you be in the movie ? rita picture . ext , africa - film set # 1 - day ~ flashback ( 1955 ) Super : Africa , 1955 . move through a 1950s movie set - a bush camp ( think '' King Solomon 's mine '' ) - shoot on location in Africa . narrator ( v.o . ) Lovely , rita . Queen of 5as cinema . some critic call she the poor man 's deborah kerr , some critic call she the rich man 's yvette vicker . ( another tired sigh ) Critic . what do they know ? they be gonna hate this show . and landing on we star , rita , in early - 5as explorer garb with pith helmet . the camera be roll , she write a letter at a campaign table . rita ( as she write ) dearest mother . today be a fine hunt in the bush . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 24 . continued : rita 's attention be slowly divert to the focus puller , who be miss one arm . she can not unsee it . rita ( cont 'd ) fom take down a kudu , whose horn will look magnificent in the -- ( break character ) sorry . ( compose herself ) -- whose horn will look -- she freeze , unable to take she eye off of that arm . ext , film set # 1 — day — flashback ( 1955 rita , puffed up now , walk through the production with the first assistant director . first ad rita , please . he 's the best focus puller in Africa . rita he 's a eyesore , Charles , a real liability . first ad what if we cover up the arm . a different set of clothes . rita get_rid of he . first ad ( weakly ) but - the crew . they adore he . rita so put he name on the marquee . rita enter she tent . the first ad sigh . turn to face many of the crew , who hear it all . int . film set # 1 - rita ‘s tent - flashback ( 1955 rita brushes she hair in front of she mirror . there 's a commotion outside . yelling . shout of disapproval . rita do she best to ignore they . ext . film set # 2 - flashback ( 1955 the first ad lead rita through the crew to she mark by a roaring river . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 25 . continued : this be the big caravan scene -- rita and she caravan of explorer will cross the river . as she pass through the crew , she be meet with unmistakable coldness . first ad now , rita , you will step out onto this rock here , the crocodile will turn up there , you 's 1ll scream bloody murder and Joe will blast ‘er to betsy , think you can handle it ? rita glance at the camera crew , stare bullet at she . there 's a strapping new focus puller . shiny and whole . rita of course . it 's fine , it 's totally fine . ext . film set # 2 - flashback ( 1955 } moment later ; the scene roll . the caravan cross . rita tentatively step out on the rock , a crewman ready the fake crocodile just out of frame ... director now just one more rock , rita , there you go , like it 's a lovely day and -- ...- but as rita step on the last rock , it sink ! rita go under water ! underwater with rita she sink into a deeper sinkhole , flail to get she bearing . claw at rock on either side of she ... the film crew watch the bubbling water . nobody move a muscle . first ad why be you stand there ? help she ! help she ! as crew member reluctantly spring into action -- underwater with rita she pull at the rock ... one loosen from the pile , a murky - colored dye , like octopus ink , shoot into she face , she eye widen in fear ag the dye consume she , cloud the entire sinkhole , obscure she from view ... tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued } " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 26 . continued : the film crew have pole and such in the water , try to give she anything to grab onto , as rita burst above water , gasp for air , the crew pull she out of the water , she stand there , shake and drench . her back be to we . rita I be fine , I be totally fine . towel . for a beat , nobody move . the crew stare at she , agog . rita ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong with you ? never go for a swim ? towel . the wardrobe gal approach with a towel . freak . rita what_are you stare at ! the wardrobe gal meekly produce a compact mirror . show rita she face ... we just see a small piece , the side of she eye seem to ... droop ? rita take the girl 's arm , direct the mirror for a better look . as we arm around t0 see -- rita . half she face , collapse , like some monstrous candle - drip . it 's horrible . the wardrobe gal begin to sob . the new focus puller begin to retch ... rita , mortify , look for escape ... only to realize she foot have swollen to grotesque proportion . still , she walk off , a ungainly shuffle , tear run down she cheek . away from they all . narrator ( v.o. ) and away she run . monstrous rita . int . doom manor - solarium — day ( 1995 rita sit there for a moment , in reverie . narrator ( v.o. ) eventually find she way to the only place she would ever feel safe and unjudge . sitting next to a brain ... we widen to include cliff , as she lift the entire roast chicken sit in front of she , take a huge bite . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 27 . continued : narrator ( v.0 . ) consume the first of what would be three rotisserie chicken . they watch tv . int . doom manor — solarium — day ( 1995 rita sit with a drink , she knitting project nearly complete . Larry wheel cliff in , set he upright by the foot of the stair . cliff take the handrail . stands there . rita put down she knitting . # nough be enough . rita one step . so I do not gut myself . cliff throw she a look . but -- a little girl 's laugh swing he attention back to the step . but -- where be ghe ...? larry what be it , cliff ? cliff ( after a beat ) I use to hold my daughter 's hand when she be learn to walk , she have always want to go to the step , always want to go up . and then she have just stand there , and I would get so frustrated , you know ? just walk up the step . it 's the most normal goddamn thing in the world . larry so walk up the goddamn step . cliff look down at the step , but now : they be the step from home , and he see he daughter clara between he leg , arm outstretch , await he help . stun , he pull he hand from the guardrail , gingerly take hers , she finger on he robot finger . cliff raise he leave foot as she raise hers . success . and now the right ... as she raise hers ... yes ... cliff can not believe this be happen . he give in to it -- cliff ( to Clara ) there ya go , baby girl . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 28 . continued : and now they land on step # 2 . clara one more , daddy ... they step up together to the final step . they do it . clara ( cont 'd ) you do it , daddy ! cliff do that thing dad do -- pretend like he 's a cheer crowd - the crowd roar ! - as Clara giggle . we widen , Larry and rita share a satisfied look as cliff do he little celebration . int . doom manor — hallway ~ day — intercut ( 1995 close on - cliff 's foot . he ’s_ walk . and now , he face . head hold high . int . doom manor ~ chief' lab — day ( 1995 nile work . hear a familiar whirr , look up as cliff enter . nile smile , deeply happy for he . cliff my family think I die in a car crash seven year ago . my daughter 's grow up without a father . my wife 's probably move on . but they deserve to know . and then they can decide what to do with it . ( then ) thank you for everything you have do . but this be not I . nile I be thrilled beyond belief for you that you be walk , that you finally feel like you . all I have want be to give you a gentle place to land , a second chance . cliff and I appreciate that . nile gesture to a tape recorder . nile I think you be ready to listen to this . ( more ) tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 29 . continued : nile ( cont 'd ) it 's the phone message I use to be - create you voice . I think it will help you understand how you brain have be alter you memory to help you cope . ( then ) unless . maybe you be not ready . a beat . cliff push play . that beep sound . cliff ( v.0 . ) {on the tape ) I do not know what happen to we . I be go to be better . close on the tape recorder - cliff push stop . then rewind . his robot finger hover over the play button . do I really want to hear this ? and then he push play again . as he do - — ext . racetrack — day = flashback ( 1988 that race car fly end over end toward cliff 's windshield -- but : cliff jerk the wheel at the last moment , narrowly avoid be hit ! emerge from the pile - up untouched ! moment later . cliff roar past the finish line in first ! he slow the car to a stop . pop he helmet visor open , sit there for a moment , shake . he 's yank out of the car by he ador pit crew . a magnum of champagne be thrust into he hand as he spin to come face to face with a also-shaken kate . for a brief moment we wonder if he near- death experience will bring they together ... but then he raise the magnum ... and proceed to wallop the live shit out of bump weather , as the crowd fall into a stunne silence . cliff rear up , he face speckle with bump 's blood , pop the cork and spray the shocked crowd while let out a totally incongruous victory whoop . cliff yeahhhhh ! int , HOTEL room — night — flashback ( 1988 cliff fuck giselle again . j[ t 's stylize , alcohol - fuel , but , as we move closer to he , we see it for what it really be : rote , meaningless . the racing trophy sit on a chair . tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 30 . int . HOTEL room ~ later that night ~ flashback ( 1988 ) cliff sit on the edge of the bed , giselle naked and sleep next to he . he 's full of regret , tired , hold the phone to he ear . a recording machine beeps . cliff ( into phone ) I do not know what happen to we . I be go to be better , ( then ) I know it 's late -- kate ( v.o . ) -- hello ? cliff hey . hi. ( then ) I do not know if you even care how sorry I be . kate ( v.0 . ) ( after a beat ) go on . ext , kate 's family house — night — flashback ( 1988 ) it 's early morning , pre-dawn . cliff wait at the front door of kate 's family home . chasten . the door open , kate carry a sleep Clara past he to the car . int . cliff / kate 's car ~ night — flashback ( 1988 it 's a quiet ride , just a few long haul trucker on the road . kate stare out at the rise sun . cliff look at Clara in the backseat , kate next to he . this be worth fight for . cliff who want pancake ? kate ( scream ) cliff -- 1 cliff turn -- a semi loom in front of they ! cliff slam the break but it 's too late as -- cliff car careen under the backside of the semi - trailer ( which have no under- ride bar ) as -- the trailer rip through the inside of the car with horrifyingly destructive impact as we intercut ~ tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 31 . continued : --cliff / robotman . present day . still in nile ' lab . we be on the back of he head . pushing closer ... --that shatter glass windshield . realize the hazy sunlight filter through be actually the flashlight beam of first responder . --cliff / robotman . pushing in on he face ... cliff no . --inside the wrecked car - cliff 's Pov : kate . bloodie , dead . -- cliff / robotman : cliff ( cont 'd ) kate ... --inside the wrecked car . cliff 's Pov - turn to look for Clara , gee she bloody arm ... --cliff / robotman : cliff ( cont ’d ) oh , god , no . Clara . what happen to Clara ! nile I be afraid you be the only survivor . cliff nol and now we're spiraling around cliff as he 's overtaken by emotion ... which quickly rise to anger as he punch the first thing he see , a massive metal plate -- wham ! and the plate buckle where he fist hit it -- and we be unexpectedly get a glimpse of cliff 's raw robotic power -- as he lash out at the metal plate - wham ! wham ! wham ! - rendering it to a cauliflower heap as we - go to rita . knitt . hear cliff 's scream . go to larry . tending to he orchid inside a convert school bus . hear cliff 's scream . back on cliff / robotman . lose . stand there amongst the break shard , as all sound drop out . stare down -- there 's Clara again , hold he robot finger as they walk up the step , except now she let go , keep walk up the step , into the light , the bright light . and she 's go . tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 32 . int . doom manor — solarium ~ night ( 1995 ) cliff slump on the floor , bang he head against the rehab step every few second . he stop when nile arrive . cliff I can not feel pain . wo matter how hard I hit , where I hit , what I hit , I can not feel pain . ( then ) that 's mighty shitty of you , Doc . and they sit there . int . doom manor - hallway - day ( 1995 cliff walk down the hallway . int , doom manor - cliff 's room — day ( 1995 ) cliff enter , close the door . stands at the window . utterly defeat . the spark go out . and the year pass . a chyron in the corner of the screen tick off each year : 1996 , 1997 , 1998 ... narrator ( v.0 . ) and the year pass . and it 's all so depress I just ... can not. ...1999 , 2000 , 2001 ... Larry enter with a cardboard box , place it in a corner . +++2002 , 2003 , 2004 ... cliff open the box . pull out a slot car . look off . ..+2005 , 2006 , 2007 ... cliff look again at the slot car . +++2008 , 2009 , 2010 ... cliff build crazily . plywood table , etc. ++e2011 , 2012 , 2013 ... we be riding with a slot car on a track ... but as the car move along , the scenery grow more elaborate -- we be watch the creation of a fantastical slot car wonderland happen over the year -- until , finally , we hit 2018 . tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 int . doom manor - cliff ‘s room ~ present day ( 2018 33 . cliff work he controller , proudly watch the car run round the track . rita knit . Larry carefully plant real miniature shrub on the town 's Main Street . rita that 's a new building . next to the police station . what 's it say ? cliff Library . rita you handwrite be a abomination . cliff meekly hold up he hand . cliff robot finger . they fall into silence . the car go ' round . out in the hall , a commotion . a woman 's voice , irate . share a know look with Larry . here we go ... rita oh , goody . she 's back . larry rita . rita come and go as she please . like she own the place . cliff who ? but rita zip it . cliff go to the door . open it . narrator ( v.o. ) who , indeed , there 's lot of '' who '' with this one . down the hall - nile reason with a loud woman . Dark , rita tangle lock , dark clothes -- like she spend the last week crowd - surfing a youth hostel . this be jane , aka crazy jane . narrator ( v.o. ) meet Jane . some people call she crazy Jane . ( more ) tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 34 . continued : narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) one woman , 64 personas , each with its own special power . put it this way -- Jane make sybil look like a piker . at the moment , Jane be hammerhead , a tough - talk brute . nile -- of course you be welcome here , but if you be go to stay , you have to rest -- jane / hammerhead -- my god , Chief , you be such a narc — narrator ( v.0 . ) for example , meet hammerhead . this one 's kind of a asshole . nile no ... no. ( then ) I have like to speak to Jane . jane / hammerhead okay . except Jane 's not here you sissy little bitch -- on cliff / rita / larry . watch . cliff she 's in a mood . larry which one of she be in a mood ? and now Jane / hammerhead notice cliff . stare . jane / hammerhead the fuck be that ? nile hammerhead , this be cliff . jane / hammerhead be he a toy ? nile hammerhead ... jane / hammerhead ( to cliff ) be you a toy ? tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 35 . continued : ( 2 ) cliff yeah , hear you the first time . ( a beat ) be you a rave douche ? nile sigh . wrong answer . Jane / hammerhead smile , march right up cliff . behind he , rita dutifully wave at she , as in , let 's get this over with : rita hello , hammerhead ! good to see you ! but Jane / hammerhead keep she focus on cliff . jane / hammerhead fuck off and die , rita. ( to cliff ) this you pad , big guy ? you '' man - cave " ? where the magic happen ? come on , show I what you get . ooh , what kind of man-stuff you get in here ? cliff ( a beat , fuck I ) Cars . jane / hammerhead yeah . Little toy car for a little toy man . I bet it get wild in here in the wee , wee hour , huh ? when you think no one 's watch ... cliff anyone ever tell you to shut you fuck hole ? jane / hammerhead or what ? clang ! Jane / hammerhead slam she multi~ringed hand right where cliff 's loin would be ... if he have any . she hold she hand there , make she point . you be no man at all . jane / hammerhead ( cont ’d ) Little toybot do what ? slam ! the door close between they . shut by rita , who give cliff a look -- see what I mean ? but cliff stand there a moment longer ~~ quietly intrigue . tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 36 . ext . doom manor — the next morning ( 2018 ) Jane paint at a easel out on the lawn . Jane , she dominant personality , be less abrasive than hammerhead , more thoughtful and vulnerable , but still very much a free spirit . we hear the whirr of cliff 's part before we see he . he stop at a respectful distance . cliff hi. jane Jane . cliff cliff . jane the robot man . hammerhead tell I . cliff she tell you she grab my junk ? jane hammerhead do not kiss and tell . if cliff could smile , he would smile . jane ( cont ’d ) how long have we be neighbor ? cliff next week would have be my daughter 's birthday so ... thirty year ? Christ . int . barry 's bus - hour later ( 2018 later . Larry work he orchid in the bus . glance out into the yard where cliff have not move : watch Jane paint . narrator ( v.o. ) and so it be , after a brief misunderstanding in which junk be grab ... int . doom manor - solarium ~ hour later ( 2018 rita knit , watch cliff and Jane in what be now a light rain . still , cliff have not move . rita share a look with nile , whose be watch as well . huh . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 37 . continued : narrator ( v.0 . ) ..- robotman meet Jane . and all be right and all be good , ( then ) for now . ext . doom manor — hour later ( 2018 ) almost dark . still , a light rain . Jane , cold and wet , shiver at the easel . cliff , right where we leave he . cliff it 's get dark . ( then ) Jane . jane / the hangman 's daughter no . I be the hangman 's daughter . cliff okay . Jane / the hangman 's daughter : a painter of extra-human ability , soulful , frail . jane / the hangman 's daughter do you remember what it feel like ? cliff what . jane / the hangman 's daughter to be normal . like they . cliff ( after a beat ) sometimes I try to remember . sometimes I still hope I will be . jane / the hangman 's daughter I do not even know what to hope for . cliff do not know what to say . they both stare at she painting as its color run . jane / the hangman 's daughter ( cont ’d ) my painting 's ruin . everything 's go wrong . after a beat . cliff take a few tentative step toward she . gently , touch she arm . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 38 , continued : cliff come in out of the rain . a final shot , this two stand there . int . doom manor ~ solarium — night ( 2018 Larry , cliff , Jane and rita watch one of she old movie . resembling group therapy . Jane fidget , not happy about what an about to happen but not want to show it either . narrator ( v.0 . ) and life in Dumb manor proceed accordingly . nile enter , prepare for a trip . his bag and gear all bear the hallmark of a seasoned globetrotter . narrator ( v.0 . ) so much so , the Chief feel comfortable enough to resume he occasional travel . nile I will not be go long ... the gang join in , never take they eye from the tv . nile ( cont 'd ) everyone -- but there be mysterious -- but there be mysterious thing in this world that thing in this world that bear keep a eye on -- bear keep a eye on ( he give they a look ) ( as he pause ) -- so go I must . ~- so go I must . nile ( cont ’d ) so , we understand each other . jane bring a condom . nile and you , behave . i’11 be back in a few day . nile leave . cliff , Larry , rita and Jane watch the movie . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 39 . continued : narrator ( v.0 . ) indifferent as they seem , it do occur to each every one - never have all four be in the house without dear Father . why , they could do anything . int , doom manor - various ~ the next day ( 2018 rita knit . narrator ( v.0 . ) anything at all . cliff play with he car . narrator ( v.0 . ) groan . larry carry a newly pot orchid to he bus ... except the bus be not there . narrator ( v.o. ) ( pique ) wait . honk ! honk ! narrator ( v.0 . ) oh ? ext . doom manor — day ( 2018 ) Jane lean against Larry 's bus , which she 's spray - paint matte black . cliff , Larry and rita step outside . larry be that my bus ? actually , no . not anymore . it 's the doom bus now . rita what on earth be you do ? jane what be we do ? we be go to town . a beat . stun silence . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 40 . continued : rita after the Chief explicitly ask we not to . this be you most reckless scheme yet , Jane . jane crazy Jane . a long beat . cliff I be in . rita shock . jane Larry ? larry no . Larry turn , head back for the house . jane rita ? rita do not be ridiculous . but rita 's tear . truly tear . jane oh , come on . there 's a whole world out there wait to be see . that have not see you in 60 year . rita I see what you be do . play my ego . I will not be play . jane okay . happy knitting . rita straighten , accept the challenge . rita Larry . Larry stop . larry do not . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 41 . continued : ( 2 ) rita Larry . on Larry . he sigh . what to do here ? ext . road — day ( 2018 the doom Bus crest over a hill . int . the doom bus - moving ( 2018 ) all four - cliff 's at the wheel - sit quietly content , window open , take in the scenery . rita slip she hand out the window , dip it into the wind , like take a road trip be the most natural thing in the world . for this few moment , they be each finally free . ext . town STREET - day ( 2018 a small town . covington , oh . as the doom Bus round into the street . int . doom bus - day - drive ( 2018 cliff park . the mood be decidedly more tense . rita study herself in a pocket mirror . Jane stare . rita do not say a word . jane you look nice . rita consider how to handle the compliment . rita of course I do . she snap she mirror close , stand . Marches to the front of the bus , wait for cliff to open the door . rita ( cont 'd ) do not wait up . and she 's go . a moment later , she 's back . rita ( cont 'd ) which one of you have any money ? tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 42. ext . town — sidewalk - day ( 2018 ) rita stride down the block . thrill to be out . she stop . see something across the street . int . town - diner —- day ( 2018 ) rita enter . slow , just a touch of hesitation here ... it 's be a long , long time . she find a seat at the counter , a waitress drop a menu in front of she . waitress with you in a sec , hon . and that 's that . nobody give she a second glance . this be go well ... then , she catch a fry cook check out she cleavage . she smile to herself . even better . ext . town — STREET ~ day ( 2018 Jane and cliff walk down the street . it 's impossible for other folk not to notice cliff . he feel each and every one of they astonished stare . jane you okay ? cliff ( pretty terrify ) all good . jane almost there . she guide he into ... a toy store . they walk amongst toy robot , game , etc . cliff I do not get it . jane you say it be you daughter 's birthday . and cliff realize , this field trip , it be for he . a little kid approach cliff . little kid be you a good guy or a bad guy ? cliff look to Jane . remember what she call he day ago . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 43 , continued : cliff I be robotman . ext . / int . doom bus — day ( 2018 Larry have not move . terrify to leave the bus .... int . town — diner — day ( 2018 the waitress bring rita she food . cheeseburger and fries . pie. a malt . rita could not be more delighted . rita there be nothing , nothing like a malt . be I right ? waitress this be crazy - you even talk like she , you know that ? rita who ? waitress rita farr . actress from the 5as . my dad make I watch all she movie . rita oh. ( then ) '' make '' you ? waitress she might have be the first actress I be ever like , you know what ? I have hang with she . she be cool . sexy . but a broad too . I mean , '' Three gun to Santa Fe ? '' rita '' El paso . '' Three gun to El paso . waitress okay . so you do know she . I dunno . mostly I love she because I get to spend time with my dad . it be a tough time in we life . rita farr get we through . rita , touch , pat the seat next to she . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 44 , continued : rita sit. tell I . waitress about my dad ? rita no . ext . town park — day ( 2018 ) Jane and cliff sit on a bandstand , they leg dangle over the edge . cliff hold a stuffed giraffe on he lap . cliff one day a year , I have one job . buy the present . it be my favorite day . the accident be a few day before she birthday , I be so angry by then , at my wife , myself , I could not see past my own stuff ... and I forget . jane you forget to buy you daughter 's birthday present ? cliff I be busy . ( then ) Fucking the nanny . jane ( after a beat ) you idiot . cliff yeah . Jane pull a joint from she pocket . prepare it . jane and now I '' totally stress out . cliff look on , envious , as she light up . cliff God . I would so fuck that joint up . jane except it 's mine , so fuck off . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 45 . continued : she take a hit . reconsider . turn , blow smoke into cliff 's face . jane ( cont 'd ) anything ? cliff utter a depressed sigh . nope . int . the doom bus ~ day ( 2018 the bus door open . Larry step out . stops. Christ . int . town — bar _— day ( 2018 ) Larry enter . the bartender 's back be turn and Larry 's instinct be to ease by without cause a scene . but something make he stop . let 's face this head - on . larry pardon I . ( then ) would you mind if I order a drink ? the bartender take in this strange- look thing . bartender what 'il it be ? Larry be quietly thrilled . savor the word : larry I want a beer . the bartender nod , get to it . after a beat , Larry decide he should take a seat . he do . int . town - diner ~ day ( 2018 rita and the waitress . waitress then there be that African picture . rita forbidden congo . waitress forbidden dookie . rita oh , come on . I hear she fall ill . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 46 . continued : waitress they replace she mid-picture ! she be a drunk . rita no . waitress and then the whole porn thing . rita the —- what ? rita farr ? waitress trust I . my dad have duffel bag full of the stuff . rita you father say rita farr be do porn ? the waitress be oblivious to rita 's distress . waitress full . on . rita turn away , stricken . as now the side of she eye start to_ droop , lose shape ... and she quickly slap a hand over it to cover it up ... oh no ... ext , town park - day ( 2018 cliff and Jane . Jane smoke she joint , stare down a young girl gape at they as she pedal by on she bike . cliff how piss do you think the Chief would be know we be out here be gawk at . jane I honestly do not care . cliff ( after a beat ) nope. jane what. cliff not buy it . I think you care a lot about what he think . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 continued : careful , cliff . you be poke something here ... jane you do not know I . cliff you need he like the rest of we do . hey , I hate to say it , but I need he . to get my life back , whatever that look like . jane ( after a beat ... ) if you want you life back , why do not you just call she ? cliff who ? jane you daughter . cliff my daughter 's dead . jane accord to ...? cliff ( after a beat ) my daughter 's dead . jane because , of course , you confirm that , right ? multiple source ? it 's all on the internet , man . you shitty drive . wife , kate , decapitate . daughter , Clara , sole survivor . that 's hit home more . the detail .... cliff shut up , Jane . she pull out a cellphone , start punch in letter . bingo . jane Three Clara steeles live in the United States . Three phone number . Al . tv Calling - for educational purpose only {continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 48 . continued : ( 2 ) cliff my _ daughter 's dead . jane let 's find out . cliff no. jane what be we do here , cliff ? why have you get on that bus ? cliff let _it go . jane sure . in a minute . she punch in a number . cliff grab the phone , crush it . cliff no. jane asshole ! behind they , two police officer get out of they cruiser ... int , town — bar — day ( 2018 Larry feel the eye of the entire bar upon he . narrator ( v.0o . ) Larry know they be stare at he and , yes , it bother he , but not for reason one might think ... ext , airfield — edward airforce base -— flashback ( 1961 from a different angle than before : Larry stride across the airfield toward that X - 15 . John fall in next to he as they move around the rocket plane to inspect it . notice the distinctive rag John carry in a pocket . narrator ( v.o. ) ... the truth be , Larry trainor have feel like a monster long before he ever be one ... as the camera find Larry and John , tuck out of view behind the plane , in passionate embrace . tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/i8 49 . int . x- 15 / C - 22 - flying - day - flashback ( 1961 Larry sit in the rumbling cockpit of the xx - 15 , still attach to the mothership . aloft . notice now , Larry hold John 's distinctive rag as he grip the control . in the AIR shed John and the other member of the ground crew listen to the ground - to- air crosstalk . as Larry wheedle he half of the color rag in he hand ... larry ( v.o. ) go squirrelly . I be in a spin . oh , shit . John leap to he foot and rush for the door . on the airfield JOHN slam out of the shed , race for the motor pool . in john' jeep as he ride shotgun . see the wreckage as absolute terror wash over he face . with JOHN in the lead jeep as they arrive at the wreckage . the pain on he face . there 's no way . no way Larry could have survive ... until -- Larry shuffles out from the burn wreckage , fully aflame , char , grotesque . but alive . and as stare , stunne , John be the only one to leap from he vehicle , rush to Larry to smother he with a jacket , desperately try to keep he lover alive . JOHN help I ! he 's alive ! int . town - bar ~ day ( 2018 Larry trace a glove finger through the condensation on the beer mug . narrator ( v.0 . ) and the sadder truth be , he would finally become what he have once feel like only inside . as we push in to see he chest , ever so slightly , begin to glow . as he begin to panic . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 50 . continued : larry ( to himself ) no ... int . town - diner - day ( 2018 rita quietly freak in she seat - cover she face while the waitress tally up the bill . waitress you sure you do not want desert ? rita just the check , please . as we TRAVEL down to rita 's leg . which slowly start to balloon as it do in Africa .... ext . town park ~ day ( 2018 Jane scoops up the piece of she phone . cliff reel . jane you know you be buy I a new phone . cop # 1 hey . cliff and Jane realize : it 's the cop . cop # 1 ( cont 'd ) be there a problem , ma'am ? but what the cop and cliff do not realize : it 's not Jane . jane / hammerhead no , officer . only problem I see be you . ( then ) pig . cliff drop he head . here we go . int . town — bar — day ( 2018 Larry curl up on he stool , pull he jacket tight , as the glow get brighter and brighter . as patron begin to stare . larry ( to himself ) no , not now , please ... tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 51 . continued : as Larry decide he have no choice but to sprint past the startle crowd for the exit ... int . town — diner — day ( 2018 rita pay , stand , as patron stare at she face , she now - massive foot . she attempt to walk out with as much dignity as she can muster ... but the giant foot force she to walk with a pronounce shuffle , exacerbate she humiliation ... with jane and cliff Jane / hammerhead size up the two cop flanking they . while cliff attempt to put out this brushfire : cliff officer , my friend be maybe a little depressed ~ maybe a little high - she take it all back . ( over he shoulder ) take it back , hammerhead . the cop react to something behind cliff . he turn Jane / hammerhead be now a gigantic figure with a SUN for a head . this be SUN daddy . ready to fight . cliff ( cont ’d ) fuck I . with rita who 's just about make it to the door , tear stream down she cheek as -- she start to collapse . as in , molecularly . into -- be it a blob ? as patron scream , with jane and cliff the scream draw they attention . cliff stare at the diner as Jane -- Jane again -- step next to he . what the heli ? with larry he race out of the bar . see folk look in the direction of the diner as -- the diner wall collapse . a gigantic blob ooze out ! larry freeze . see jane and cliff move to help . he , on the other hand , turn and race the other direction . Larry 's xyun away . as - —- jane and cliff near the blob . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 52 . continued : cliff ( cont ’d ) what the hell be it ? jane rita . cliff freeze . say the fuck what ? but Jane have no patience . jane ( cont 'd ) help she . the blob overtake car , anything in its path -- it threaten to take down another building ... cliff get there in the nick of time , hold it in place as people inside can safely flee ! Jane stalk alongside the blob . jane ( cont 'd ) rita ! can you hear I ? rita ! that 's not gonna work . Jane turn into hammerhead . jane ( cont 'd ) rita , you fuck bitch ! get a fuck grip on yourself ! rita , from somewhere inside that blob : rita ( v.0 . ) I be try ! but : the blob be head right for a school bus . full of kide . peril ! as we're with -- larry who round a corner , head for the doom Bus to make he getaway when he chest start to burn bright -- larry no . no no no ! I be run away -- -- as the negative spirit leap out of he and Larry collapse to the ground ! the negative Spirit whip back toward the chaos .... tee blob crushes everything in its path . near that school bus ... cliff and jane move between the blob and the bus . the last defense . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 53 . continued : ( 2 ) cliff what do we do ? Jane turn into SUN daddy . gonna do what we gotta do . cliff ( cont ’d ) no , we be not do that ! cliff realize : need a better plan . he drop , dig both robot hand into the asphalt ... and start to push ... on the blob . take out electrical pole , which spark and threaten to burn until -- the negative spirit rush through they , the power extinguish ! on cliff . pushes that asphalt into a giant mound ... as the blob reach cliff 's barricade ... start to climb it ... closer and closer to the peak ... as cliff hunch freeze against the other side , arm , prop that asphalt up , the school bus just foot behind he ... as now the blob reach the very top ... and stop . quivering . cliff do not move . as then -- one piece of the blob slip over the side , dangle like pull taffy down to cliff 's face . now we see in it : rita 's distorted , grotesque face . rita ( quiet , desperate ) I want to go home . cliff ( a beat ) we can do that . int . doom manor - solarium — night ( 2018 rita stare off . Jane , Larry , each in he or she own space . Larry place a calming hand on rita 's . she dutifully smile . cliff sit stock still . coil . int . / ext . chief 's car / town - night ( 2018 it 's later . nile drive slowly through the aftermath . he pass a news reporter do a stand - up next to the mound of asphalt create by cliff , roll down he window to catch -- tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 54 . continued : news reporter +.- apparently it be some sort of giant blob run amok , until what some witness describe as a '' robot man '' create this barrier make of -- make of Main Street , Bill -- -- as nile react ~~ what the hell ? -- and keep drive through . Processing . now he drive past what appear to be a albino donkey stand between two building ... catch just a flash of it , enough to -- screech . he brake , back up to look into the mouth of that alley . nothing 's there . but whatever he may have see ... it 's spook he . int . doom manor - night ( 2018 the gang 's still here . the front door slam . jane daddy 's home . cliff shoot up . int , doom manor - hallway - same time nile wheel down the hallway . stop at the doorway of the room where we foursome sit . cliff stand wait . cliff we need to talk . nile we do . ( to they all ) I warn you not to leave . I begge you . you have no idea what you have do . nile wheel away , back into a ancient elevator , he eye on they , he disappointment plain . jane ( defiant ) it be not that bad ! Larry click on the tv . the local news play image of today' chaos . we see the reporter we see before . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 55 . continued : news reporter '' bad " do not begin to describe what befell covington today , rob. horrible . destructive . chaotic . just a few word use by local to describe what they see : the footage cut to a man-on-the-street interview . man-on-the-street look , I nil be honest , I use to get jealous , how all the '' heroes '' ignore the fly-over town like we , but come on , you ‘’re gonna send something extra human to a place like this ? send the justice League , man . not the short bus . the team absorb that . they be loser . int . doom manor - chief' lab ~ night ( 2018 nile enter . cross to a locked door . he pull off a necklace tuck under he shirt . attach to the necklace be a key , which he use to open the door . there 's another thing attach to it as well -- a SMALL , blackened knot of ... something . he step into -- int . doom manor - chief' map room -~ night ( 2018 ) this be nile 's map room , he nerve center . where a man , if he so want , could covertly monitor weird shit from around the world . not a modern space . the machinery and cabinet be vintage , think ' darkest hour 's . this be he secret space . with lot of place to hold he secret -- old journal , wooden file cabinet , a reel - to- reel tape recorder , a 8 mm projector , ham radio , etc . nile hustle to a cabinet , pull from a dusty box a leather satchel . which we might recognize from we prologue ~~ this be Mr. morden 's satchel . he pull out 8x10 black and white surveillance photo --~ there 's the paraguayan boy , there 's von fuch ... and there 's that albino donkey . the very same one he just see in town . why do nile have picture of 1948 paraguay ? and why be he so spook by what he see ? int . doom manor — solarium - night ( 2018 nile sit in front of they , grave . cliff pace . nile I be afraid there 's no choice . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 56 , continued : cliff there 's always a choice . nile not today . not after what you do . cliff we take a drive . nile do he utmost best not to explode . nile you - whether you realize it or not - you action - you action have consequence and that consequence be come . of that there be no doubt . rita you really think we be in danger , Chief . that we need to pick up and run . this be what you really , really think . nile as far away as possible . as soon as we can . cliff what happen to the town . nile the town be not my concern . cliff so the town get screw . nile ( now he explode ) you have do quite enough to the town , thank you ! jane this be bullshit . nile do not you start with I , too . when you and I both know this field trip be for little more than you own amusement . Jane retreat - stung by the truth of that . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued } " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 57 . continued : ( 2 ) cliff so now she 's the bad guy . okay . let 's talk about you , Chief . ( then ) you tell I my daughter be dead . nile be take aback . nile I be try to protect you . cliff by lie . nile I be try to protect you now . ( then ) do you honestly think she would have accept you ? cliff do I get a chance to try ? she lose she mother , she father , I do not know if she would have accept I . you rob I of that chance . what be I to she now ? I '' nothing . I be a monster . a beat . nile soften . nile I assure you , there be many monster in this world , and none of they - not a one - be you . ( then ) there be thing out there I have try to warn you about . many of they , if I be be totally honest , might be consider my enemy . ( as this sink in ) who , if they find I , would not hesitate - in any way ~ to destroy I and that I love . and , yes , the town if -- well , just because . ( then ) I have try so hard to shield you . and I know what I be ask of you . to leave the safest place you have ever know . to step out into a world that would rather ignore you . shun you . belittle you . ( more ) tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 58 . continued : ( 3 ) nile ( cont 'd ) but - if you stay here - if we die now - this magical experiment , this - you - my life accomplishment all , it just -- his hand flutter in orbit for a lose moment -- it all die . cliff or. we stay . and we fight . nile we could . ( then ) and we would be doom . cliff what be we now ? both man 's word hang over the room . larry ( after a beat ) I be go to go with the Chief . Larry exit . rita agreed . ( to cliff ) you be good today , cliff . and I thank you . she exit as well . all eye on Jane . jane fuck it . she exit . cliff 's not sure what that mean . nile be . a few moment later she return , duffel in hand . jane ( cont 'd ) ( to the Chief ) shotgun . Jane walk out , no ceremony . cliff stand there . gut-punch . ext . road — night ( 2018 Big , empty shot . cliff walk along the side of the road . alone . toward town . behind he , the doom Bus pull out , turn the opposite way . tv Calling - for educational purpose only " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 59 . int . doom bus ~ moving ~ night ( 2018 quiet . rita can not help but watch cliff 's recede figure . turn back , worried for he . nile give she a small smile , this be the right thing . cliff recede in the sideview mirror . Jane never look . ext . town ~— night ( 2018 the town be quiet . nothing seem amiss . two trash hauler throw debris into they truck . cliff approach . cliff hey. ( then ) see anything weird ? the trash hauler stare . int . doom bus - moving - night ( 2018 ) Jane sing along to the tune on the radio , then fall silent . each of they have fall off into they own thought . perhaps ... second thought . ext , town STREET — night ( 2018 cliff walk . int . doom bus - night ( 2018 dane drive . her hand bang anxiously against the wheel . jane anyone else think cliff be right about save that town ? nile it 's over , Jane . let it go . jane okay , except I vote we turn around . nile no. jane rita ? tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued } " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 60 . continued : rita I can not promise I will not , you know , '' blob out '' , but - yes . jane Larry ? Larry do not answer , head in he hand . rita Larry 's a yes . jane whoo ! Jane fishtail the bus into a turn . ext . town — night ( 2018 cliff walk . as the doom bus pull up alongside he . on the doom bus Jane , Larry and rita exit the bus . rita hesitates . share a moment with nile . nile this be wrong . rita give he a small smile . rita might be . probably be . we 'il be back . and she go . with cliff quietly move as they approach . he give they a small nod , start off again , toward town . they walk with he . rita 's leg swell - a sign of she anxiety - but Larry touch she arm , give she a nod . she smile , gamely shuffles on . narrator ( v.0 . ) and there they go , we four lovable loser , band together to become the superhero fight force no one saw come except everybody . ( then ) but. fear not . hope bloom . ( more ) tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 61 . continued : narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there 's a way out of this dreck , follow I . as we team march on ... and the ground begins to rumble ... on the doom bus ~— intercut nile react . oh , no . nile paraguay . narrator ( v.0 . ) yes , nile ! paraguay . nile turn to see a man that look sort of like ... Mr. morden ? he 's half - man , half - nothing , of this world and not . also , he 's get a new name . he 's mr. nobody now . and he 's apparently be we narrator for this entire story . narrator /mr . nobody always , paraguay . nile morden . narrator /mr . nobody sure . but no . I have not be Mr. morden since , well , ( mock scream ) '' ahh ! help I ! wnoooo ! '' we have no idea what he mean . but nile do . with the doom patrol as the ground rumble around they -- rita it 's fine . it 's totally fine . -- clip clop clip clop ... that albino donkey round a corner , stop , look at they askance . they stare back . the donkey fart white smoke . which drift up into the air , form into letter and word , like some twisted sky-write . the word float high above they : the ... mind ... be ... the ... limit ... they stare . awed , unsure . tv Calling - for educational purpose only ( continued ) " Pilot " continued : Limited Studio draft 7/6/18 62 . ( 2 ) narrator /mr . nobody ( v.0o . ) I have be admire you friend , nile , that freak of yours , for quite some time . nile do not you dare hurt they . narrator /mr . nobody ( v.0 . ) hurt they ? no . that would not be much fun , would it ? would be quite the same old story , actually . I think we will try something different this time , a massive rupture open in the STREET . upend car , tilt building , narrator /mr . nobody ( v.0 . ) you be right about they in one respect , however . the rupture open further - like something be open a zipper in the middle of town - head right for our team -- narrator /mr . nobody they be quite doom . -- grow bigger , more ferocious , more forebode , as we foursome stand in its path , unsure what they be look at , unsure what to do , as we -- CUT to black . tv Calling - for educational purpose only