" double indemnity " screenplay by billy wilder and Raymond Chandler base on the novel " double Indemnity in Three of a kind " by James M. cain character walter neff phyllis dietrichson barton keye lola dietrichson mr . dietrichson nino zachetti mr . norton mr . jackson SAM gorlopis sequence " a " fade in : A-1 los angele - a downtown intersection it be night , about two o'clock , very light traffic . at the leave and in the immediate foreground a semaphore traffic signal stand at go . approach it at about thirty mile per hour be a dodge 1938 coupe . it be drive erratically and weaving a little , but not out of control . when the car be about forty foot away , the signal change to stop . car make no attempt to stop but come on through . a-2 a light newspaper truck be crossing the intersection at right angle . it swerve and skid to avoid the dodge , which go on as though nothing have happen . the truck stop with a panicky screech of tire . there be a large sign on the truck : " read the los angele time " . the truck driver 's infuriate face stare after the coupe . a-3 the coupe continue along the street , still weaving , then slow down and pull over towards the curb in front of a tall office building . a-4 the coupe stop . the headlight be turn off . for a second nothing happen , then the car door open slowly . a man ease himself out onto the sidewalk and stand a moment lean on the open door to support himself . he 's a tall man , about thirty - five year old . from the way he move there seem to be something wrong with he leave shoulder . he straighten up and painfully lower he leave hand into he jacket pocket . he lean into the car . he bring out a light - weight overcoat and drape it across he shoulder . he shut the car door and walk toward the building . a-5 entrance of the build above the close , double - plate glass door be lettere : " pacific build " . to the leave of entrance there be a drugstore , close , dark except for a faint light in the back . the man come stiffly up to the door . ( camera have move up with he ) . he try the door . they be lock . he knock on the glass . Inside , over he shoulder , the lobby of the building be visible : a side entrance to the drugstore on the leave , in the rear a barber shop and cigar and magazine stand close up for the night , and to the right two elevator . one elevator be open and its dome light fall across the dark lobby . the man knock again . the night watchman stick he head out of the elevator and look toward entrance . he come out with a newspaper in one hand and a half - eat sandwich in the other . he finish the sandwich on the way to the door , look out and recognize the man outside , unlock the door and pull it open . night watchman hello there , Mr. neff . neff walk in past he without answer . a-6 int . lobby neff be walk towards elevator . night watchman look after he , relock door , follow to elevator . neff enter elevator . a-7 elevator neff stand lean against wall . he be pale and haggard with pain , but deadpan as night watchman join he . night watchman work pretty late be not you , Mr. neff ? neff ( tight -lipped ) late enough . night watchman you look kind of all in at that . neff I be fine . let 's ride . night watchman pull lever , door close and elevator rise . night watchman how 's the insurance business , Mr. neff ? neff okay . night watchman they would not ever sell I any . they say I have get something loose in my heart . I say it 's rheumatism . neff ( scarcely listen ) uh-huh . night watchman look around at he , turn away again and the elevator stop . night watchman ( surly ) twelve . the door open . across a small dark reception room a pair of frost glass door be lettere : pacific all -risk insurance company - founded 1906 - MAIN office . there be a little light beyond the glass door . neff straighten up and walk heavily out of the elevator , across reception room to door . he push they open . the night watchman stare after he morosely , work lever , elevator door start to close . a-8 twelfth floor insurance office ( note for set -designer : we insurance company occupy the entire eleventh and twelfth floor of the building . on the twelfth floor be the executive office and claim and sale department . this all open off a balcony which run all the way around . from the balcony you see the eleventh floor below : one enormous room fill with desk , typewriter , filing cabinet , business machine , etc . ) neff come through the double entrance door from the reception room . the twelfth floor be dark . some light shine up from the eleventh floor . neff take a few step then hold on to the balcony railing and look down . a-9 the eleventh floor from above - neff.s point of view two color woman be clean the office . one be dry -mopp the floor , the other be move chair back into position , etc . a color man be empty waste basket into a big square box . he shuffles a little dance step as he move , and hum a little tune . a- 10 neff move away from the railing with a faint smile on he face , and walk past two or three office ( camera with he ) towards a glass door with number twenty - seven on it and three name : henry B. anderson , walter neff , louis L. schwartz . neff open the door . a- 11 int . neff.s office - dark Three desk , filing cabinet , one typewriter on stand , one dictaphone on fix stand against wall with rack of record underneath , telephone on all three desk . Water cooler with invert bottle and paper cup holder beside it . two window face toward front of building . venetian blind . no curtain . waste basket full , ash trays not emptied . the office have not be clean . neff enter , switch on desk lamp . he look across at dicta phone , go heavily to it and lift off the fabric cover . he lean down hard on the dictaphone stand as if feel faint . he turn away from dictaphone , take a few uncertain step and fall heavily into a swivel chair . his head go far back , he eye close , cold sweat show on he face . for a moment he stay like this , exhaust , then he eye open slowly and look down at he leave shoulder . his good hand flip the overcoat back , he unbutton he jacket , loosen he tie and shirt . this be quite a effort . he rest for a second , breathe hard . with the help of he good hand he edge he leave elbow up on the arm -rest of the chair , support it there and then pull he jacket wide . a heavy patch of dark blood show on he shirt . he push he chair along the floor towards the water cooler , use he foot and he right hand against the desk , take out a handkerchief , press with he hand against the spring faucet of the cooler , soak the handkerchief in water and tuck it , drip wet , against the wound inside he shirt . next , he get a handful of water and splashes it on he face . the water run down he chin and drip . he breathes heavily , with close eye . he finger a pack of cigarettes in he shirt pocket , pull it out , look at it . there be blood on it . he wheel himself back to the desk and dump the loose cigarettes out of the packet . some be blood-stain , a few be clean . he take one , put it between he lip , grope around for a match , light cigarette . he take a deep drag and let smoke out through he nose . he pull himself toward dictaphone again , still in the swivel chair , reach it , lift the horn off the bracket and the dictaphone make a low buzzing sound . he press the button switch on the horn . the sound stop , the record revolve on the cylinder . he begin to speak : neff Office memorandum , walter neff to Barton key , claim manager . Los Angeles , July 16th , 1938 . dear key : I suppose you will call this a confession when you hear it . I do not like the word confession . I just want to set you right about one thing you could not see , because it be smack up against you nose . you think you be such a hot potato as a claim manager , such a wolf on a phoney claim . well , maybe you be , key , but let 's take a look at this dietrichson claim , Accident and double Indemnity . you be pretty good in there for a while , all right . you say it be not a accident . check . you say it be not suicide . check . you say it be murder . check and double check . you think you have it cold , all wrap up in tissue paper , with pink ribbon around it . it be perfect , except that it be not , because you make a mistake , just one tiny little mistake . when it come to pick the killer , you pick the wrong guy , if you know what I mean . want to know who kill dietrichson ? hold tight to that cheap cigar of yours , key . I kill dietrichson . I , walter neff , insurance agent , 35 year old , unmarried , no visible scar -- ( he glance down at he wounded shoulder ) until a little while ago , that be . yes , I kill he . I kill he for money -- and a woman -- and I do not get the money and I do not get the woman . pretty , be not it ? he interrupt the dictation , lay down the horn on the desk . he take he light cigarette from the ash tray , puff it two or three time , and kill it . he pick up the horn again . neff ( his voice be now quiet and contain ) it begin last May . about the end of May , it be . I have to run out to Glendale to deliver a policy on some dairy truck . on the way back I remember this auto renewal on Los feliz . so I decide to run over there . it be one of that Calif . Spanish house everyone be nut about 10 or 15 year ago . this one must have cost somebody about 30,000 buck -- that be , if he ever finish pay for it . as he go on speak , slow dissolve to : a-12 dietrichson home - los feliz district Palm tree line the street , middle - class house , mostly in Spanish style . some kid throw a baseball back and forth across a couple of front lawn . a ice cream wagon dawdle along the block . neff 's coupe meet and pass the ice cream wagon and stop before one of the Spanish house . neff get out . he carry a briefcase , he hat be a little on the back of he head . his movement be easy and full of ginger . he inspect the house , check the number , go up on the front porch and ring the bell . neff.s voice it be mid-afternoon , and it 's funny , I can still remember the smell of honeysuckle all along that block . I feel like a million . there be no way in all this world I could have know that murder sometimes can smell like honeysuckle ... a-13 ext . dietrichson home - entrance door neff ring the bell again and wait . the door open . a may , about forty - five , rather slatternly , open the door . neff Mr. dietrichson in ? maid who want to see he ? neff the name be neff. walter neff . maid if you be sell something -- neff look , it 's Mr. dietrichson I would like to talk to , and it 's not magazine subscription . he push past she into the house . a-14 hallway - dietrichson home Spanish craperoo in style , as be the house throughout . a wrought-iron staircase curve down from the second floor . a fringe mexican shawl hang down over the landing . a large tapestry hang on the wall . downstair , the dining room to one side , live room on the other side visible through a wide archway . all of this , architecture , furniture , decoration , etc. , be genuine early Leo carrillo period . neff have edge he way in past may who still hold the door open . maid listen , Mr. dietrichson 's not in . neff how soon do you expect he ? maid he will be home when he get here , if that 's any help to you . at this point a voice come from the top of the stair . voice what be it , nettie ? who be it ? neff look up . a-15 upper landing of staircase - ( from below ) Phyllis dietrichson stand look down . she be in she early thirty . she hold a large bath - towel around she very appetizing torso , down to about two inch above she knee . she wear no stocking , no nothing . on she foot a pair of high - heele bedroom slipper with pom-pom . on she leave ankle a gold anklet . maid be voice it 's for Mr. dietrichson . phyllis ( look down at neff ) I be Mrs. dietrichson . what be it ? a- 16 shoot down from upper landing neff look up , take he hat off . neff how do you do , Mrs. dietrichson . I be walter neff , Pacific all -risk . a-17 phyllis phyllis Pacific all - what ? a-18 neff neff Pacific all - Risk insurance company . it 's about some renewals on the automobile , Mrs. dietrichson . I have be try to contact you husband for the past two week . he 's never at he office . a-19 phyllis phyllis be there anything I can do ? a- 20 neff neff the insurance run out on the fifteenth . I would hate to think of you get a smashed fender or something while you be not fully cover . a-21 phyllis she glance over she towel costume . phyllis ( with a little smile ) perhaps I know what you mean , Mr. neff . I have just be take a sun bath . a- 22 neff neff no pigeon around , I hope ... about that policy , Mrs. dietrichson -- I hate to take up you time -- a-23 phyllis phyllis that 's all right . if you can wait till I put something on , I will be right down . nettie , show Mr. neff into the live room . she turn away as gracefully as one can with a towel for a wrapper . ] a-24 entrance hall neff watch Phyllis out of sight . he speak to the may while still look up . neff where would the live room be ? maid in there , but they keep the liquor lock up . neff that 's okay . I always carry my own key . he go through the archway . maid go off the other way . a-25 live room neff come into the room and throw he briefcase on the plush davenport and toss he hat on top of it . he look around the room , then move over to a baby grand piano with a sleazy Spanish shawl dangle down one side and two cabinet photograph stand in a staggered position on top . neff glance they over : Mr. dietrichson , age about fifty - one , a big , blocky man with glass and a rotarian look about he ; lola dietrichson , age nineteen , wear a filmy party dress and a yearn look in she pretty eye . neff walk away from the piano and take a few step back and forth across the rug . his eye fall on a wrinkle corner . he carefully straighten it out with he foot . his back be to the archway as he hear high heel click on the staircase . he turn and look through the arch . neff.s voice the live room be still stuffy from last night 's cigar . the window be close and the sunshine come in through the venetian blind show up the dust in the air . the furniture be kind of corny and old - fashioned , but it have a comfortable look , as if people really sit in it . on the piano , in couple of fancy frame , be Mr. dietrichson and lola , he daughter by he first wife they have a bowl of that little red goldfish on the table behind the davenport , but , to tell you the truth , key , I be not a whole lot interested in goldfish right then , nor in auto renewals , nor in Mr. dietrichson and he daughter lola . I be think about that dame upstairs , and the way she have look at I , and I want to see she again , close , without that silly staircase between we . a- 26 staircase ( from neff.s point of view ) Phyllis dietrichson be come downstairs . first we see she foot , with pom- pom slipper and the gold anklet on she leave ankle . camera pull back slowly as she descend , until we see all of she . she be wear a pale blue summer dress . phyllis ' voice I be not long , be I ? neff.s voice not at all , Mrs. dietrichson . camera pull back with her into the live room . phyllis I hope I have get my face on straight . neff it 's perfect for my money . phyllis ( cross to the mirror over the fireplace ) wo not you sit down , Mr. -- neff be the name , be not it ? neff with two f's , like in Philadelphia . if you know the story . phyllis what story ? neff the Philadelphia story . what be we talk about ? phyllis ( she work with she lipstick ) about the insurance . my husband never tell I anything . neff it 's on you two car , the La salle and the plymouth . he cross to the davenport to get the policy from he briefcase . she turn away from the mirror and sit in a big chair with she leg draw up sideways , the anklet now clearly visible . neff we have be handle this insurance for three year for Mr. dietrichson ... ( his eye have catch the anklet ) that 's a honey of a anklet you be wear , Mrs. dietrichson . Phyllis smile faintly and cover the anklet with she dress . neff we would hate to see the policy lapse . of course , we give he thirty day . that 's all we be allow to give . phyllis I guess he 's be too busy down at Long Beach in the oil field . neff could I catch he home some evening for a few minute ? phyllis I suppose so . but he 's never home much before eight . neff that would be fine with I . phyllis you be not connect with the automobile Club , be you ? neff no , the all - Risk , Mrs. dietrichson . why ? phyllis somebody from the automobile Club have be try to get he . do they have a better rate ? neff if you husband 's a member . phyllis no , he be not . Phyllis rise and walk up and down , pay less and less attention . neff well , he would have to join the club and pay a membership fee to start with . the automobile Club be fine . I never knock the other fellow 's merchandise , Mrs. dietrichson , but I can do just as well for you . I have a very attractive policy here . it would not take I two minute to put it in front of you husband . he consult the policy he be hold . neff for instance , we be write a new kind of fifty percent retention feature in the collision coverage . Phyllis stop in she walk . phyllis you be a smart insurance man , be not you , Mr. neff ? neff I have have eleven year of it . phyllis do pretty well ? neff it 's a live . phyllis you handle just automobile insurance , or all kind ? she sit down again , in the same position as before . neff all kind . Fire , earthquake , theft , public liability , group insurance , industrial stuff and so on right down the line . phyllis Accident insurance ? neff Accident insurance ? sure , Mrs. dietrichson . his eye fall on the anklet again . neff I wish you would tell I what 's engrave on that anklet . phyllis just my name . neff as for instance ? phyllis Phyllis . neff Phyllis . I think I like that . phyllis but you be not sure ? neff I would have to drive it around the block a couple of time . phyllis ( stand up again ) Mr. neff , why do not you drop by tomorrow evening about eight - thirty . he will be in then . neff who ? phyllis my husband . you be anxious to talk to he be not you ? neff sure , only I be get over it a little . if you know what I mean . phyllis there 's a speed limit in this state , Mr. neff . forty - five mile a hour . neff how fast be I go , officer ? phyllis I would say about ninety . neff suppose you get down off you motorcycle and give I a ticket . phyllis suppose I let you off with a warning this time . neff suppose it do not take . phyllis suppose I have to whack you over the knuckle . neff suppose I bust out cry and put my head on you shoulder . phyllis suppose you try put it on my husband 's shoulder . neff that tear it . neff take he hat and briefcase . neff eight -thirty tomorrow evening then , Mrs. dietrichson . phyllis that 's what I suggest . they both move toward the archway . a-27 hallway - phyllis and neff go toward the entrance door neff will you be here , too ? phyllis I guess so . I usually be . neff same chair , same perfume , same anklet ? phyllis ( open the door ) I wonder if I know what you mean . neff I wonder if you wonder . he walk out . a - 28 ext . dietrichson home - ( day ) shoot past neff 's park car towards the entrance door , which be just close . neff come towards the car , swinging he briefcase . he open the car door and look back with a confident smile . neff.s voice ( over scene ) she like I . I could feel that . the way you feel when the card be ... a- 29 entrance door , dietrichson home in the upper panel the peep window open and Phyllis look out after neff . neff.s voice fall right for you , with a nice little pile of blue and yellow chip in the middle of the table . only what I do not know then be that I be not play she . she be play I -- with a deck of mark card -- and the stake be not any blue and yellow chip . they be dynamite . I go back to the office that afternoon to see if I have any mail . it be the same afternoon you have that Sam Gorlopis on the carpet , that truck driver from inglewood , remember , key ? a-30 neff he sit in he car , press the starter button , look back towards the little window in the entrance door . a-31 entrance door the peep window be quickly close from inside . a-32 STREET neff make a u-turn and drive back down the block . dissolve to : a-33 long shot - insurance office - twelfth floor - ( day ) - camera high activity on the eleventh floor below . typewriter work , add machine , filing clerk , secretary , and so forth . neff , wear he hat and carry he briefcase , enter from the vestibule . he walk towards he office . he pass a few salesmen , etc . there be a exchange of greeting . just as he reach he office a secretary come out . she stop . secretary oh , Mr. neff , Mr. key want to see you . he 's be yell for you all afternoon . neff be he sore , or just froth at the mouth a little ? here , park this for I , sweetheart . he hand she he hat and briefcase and continue right on , camera with he , to a door lettere : barton keye - claim manager key ' voice be hear inside , plenty loud . neff grin as he open the door and go in . a-34 keye : office - ( day ) a minor executive office , not too tidy : large desk across one corner , good carpet , several chair , filing cabinet against one wall , a dictaphone on the corner of the desk . key be sit behind the desk with he coat off but he hat on . a cigar be clamp in he mouth , ash fall like snow down he vest , a gold chair and elk 's tooth across it . on the other side of the desk sit Sam Gorlopis . he be a big , dumb bruiser , six foot three inch tall -- a dirty work shirt and corduroy pants , rough , untidy hair , broad face , small piggish eye . he hold a sweat - soak hat on he knee with a hairy hand . he be chew gum rapidly . as neff open the door , key be give it to Gorlopis . keye Wise up , Gorlopis . you be not kid anybody with that line of bull . you be in a jam and you know it . gorlopis sez you . all I want be my money . keye sez you . all you be gonna get be the cop . he see neff stand inside the door . keye come in , walter . this be Sam Gorlopis from inglewood . neff sure , I know Mr. Gorlopis . wrote a policy on he truck . how be you , Mr. Gorlopis ? gorlopis I be not so good . my truck burn down . he look cautiously sideways at key . keye yeah , he just plant he big foot on the starter and the whole thing blaze up in he face . gorlopis yes , sir . keye and do not even singe he eyebrow . gorlopis no sir . look , mister . I get twenty - six hundred buck tie up in that truck . I be insure with this company and I want my money . keye you get a wife , Gorlopis ? gorlopis sure I get a wife . keye you get kid ? gorlopis two kid . keye what you get for dinner tonight ? gorlopis we get meat loaf . keye how do you make you meat loaf , Gorlopis ? gorlopis veal and pork and bread and garlic . Greek style . keye how much garlic ? gorlopis lotsa garlic , Mr. key . keye okay , Gorlopis . now listen here . let 's say you just come up here to tell I how to make meat loaf . that 's all , understand ? because if you come up here to claim on that truck , I would have to turn you over to the law , Gorlopis , and they would put you in jail . no wife . no kid -- gorlopis what for ? keye ( yelling ) and no meat loaf , Gorlopis ! gorlopis I do not do nothin' . keye no? look , Gorlopis . every month hundred of claim come to this desk . some of they be phony , and I know which one . how do I know , Gorlopis ? ( he speak as if to a child ) because my little man tell I . gorlopis what little man ? keye the little man in here . he pound the pit of he stomach . keye every time one of that phony come along he tie knot in my stomach . and yours be one of they , Gorlopis . that 's how I know you claim be crooked . so what do I do ? I send a tow car out to you garage this afternoon and they jack up that burn - out truck of yours . and what do they find , Gorlopis ? they find what be leave of a pile of shaving . gorlopis what shaving ? keye the one you soak with kerosene and drop a match on . Gorlopis cringe under the impact . gorlopis look , Mr. key , I be just a poor guy . maybe I make a mistake . keye that 's one way of put it . gorlopis I be not feelin ' so good , Mr. key . keye sign this and you will feel fine . he put a blank form in front of he and point . keye right there . it 's a waiver on you claim . Gorlopis hesitates , then sign laboriously . keye now you be a honest man again . gorlopis but I be not get no more truck . keye Goodbye , Gorlopis . gorlopis ( still bewilder ) Goodbye , Mr. key . he stand up and go slowly to the door and turn there . gorlopis twenty -six hundred buck . that 's a lot of dough where I live . keye what 's the matter , Gorlopis ? do not you know how to open the door ? just put you hand on the knob , turn it to the right , pull it toward you -- gorlopis ( do just as key say ) like this , Mr. key ? keye that 's the boy . now the same thing from the outside . gorlopis ( stupefy ) thank you , Mr. key . he go out , close the door after he . key take he cigar stub from he mouth and turn it slowly in the flame of a light match . he turn to neff . keye what kind of a outfit be this anyway ? be we a insurance company , or a bunch of dimwitted amateur , write a policy on a mugg like that ? neff wait a minute , key . I do not rate this beef . I clipped a note to that Gorlopis application to have he thoroughly investigate before we accept the risk . keye I know you do , walter . I be not beef at you . it 's the company . the way they do thing . the way they do not do thing . the way they will write anything just to get it down on the sale sheet . and I be the guy that have to sit here up to my neck in phony claim so they will not throw more money out of the window than they take in at the door . neff ( grinning ) okay , turn the record over and let 's hear the other side . keye I get darn sick of pick up after a gang of fast - talk salesmen dumb enough to sell life insurance to a guy that sleep in the same bed with four rattlesnake . I have have twenty - six year of that , walter , and I -- neff and you love every minute of it , key . you love it , only you worry about it too much , you and you little man . you be so darn conscientious you be drive yourself crazy . you would not even say today be Tuesday without you look at the calendar , and then you would check if it be this year 's or last year 's calendar , and then you would find out what company print the calendar , then find out if they calendar check with the World Almanac 's calendar . keye that 's enough from you , walter . get out of here before I throw my desk at you . neff I love you , too . he walk out , still grin . a-35 ext . office - twelfth floor neff come out of key ' office and walk back along the balcony . activity of secretary go in and out of door , etc . neff enter he own office . neff.s voice ( over scene ) I really do , too , you old crab , always yell you fat head off , always sore at everyone . but behind the cigar ash on you vest I kind of know you have a heart as big as a house ... back in my office there be a phone message from Mrs. dietrichson about the renewals . she do not want I to come tomorrow evening . she want I to come Thursday afternoon at three - thirty instead . I have a lot of stuff line up for that Thursday afternoon , include a trip down to Santa monica to see a couple of live prospect about some group insurance . but I keep think about Phyllis dietrichson and the way that anklet of hers cut into she leg . a-36 int . neff.s office Anderson , a salesman , sit at one of the desk , fill out a report . neff enter , go to he own desk . he look down at some mail . on top there be a typewritten note . he read it , sit down and leaf through he desk calendar . a-37 insert - closeup - calendar page show date : thursday 23 May and five or six appointment pencile in tightly on the page . dissolve to : a-38 dietrichson home - entrance hall - ( day ) the camera pan with Phyllis dietrichson 's foot and ankle as she come down the stair , she high heel click on the tile . the anklet glisten on she leg as she move . the camera pan on . Phyllis have reach the entrance hall , and as she walk toward the front door she whole body become visible . she wear a gay print dress with a wide sash over she hip . she open the door . outside be neff , wear a sport coat , flannel slack . he take he hat off . phyllis hello , Mr. neff . he stand there with a little smile . phyllis be not you come in ? neff I be consider it . he come in . phyllis I hope you do not mind my change the appointment . last night be not so convenient . neff that 's okay . I be work on my stamp collection . she lead he toward live room . a-39 dietrichson live room Phyllis and neff come through archway . she head toward a low tea table which stand in front of the davenport , with tall glass , ice cube , lemon , a pot of tea , etc . phyllis I be just fix some iced tea . would you like a glass ? neff unless you have a bottle of beer that 's not work . phyllis there might be some . I never know what 's in the ice box . ( call ) nettie !... she pour herself a glass of tea . phyllis about that renewals , Mr. neff . I talk to my husband about it . neff you do ? phyllis yes . he will renew with you he tell I . in fact , I think he would be here this afternoon . neff but he 's not ? phyllis no . neff that 's terrible . phyllis ( call again , impatiently ) nettie !... nettie !... oh , I forget , it 's the may 's day off . neff do not bother , Mrs. dietrichson . I would like some iced tea very much . phyllis lemon ? sugar ? neff fix it you way . she fix he a glass of tea while he be look around . he slowly sit down . neff see it 's the may 's day off maybe there 's something I can do for you . she hand he the tea . neff like run the vacuum cleaner . phyllis Fresh . neff I use to pedal vacuum cleaner . not much money but you learn a lot about life . phyllis I do not think you would learn it from a correspondence course . neff where do you pick up this tea drink ? you be not English , be you ? phyllis no. Californian . bear right here in Los Angeles . neff they say native Californians all come from Iowa . phyllis I want to ask you something , Mr. neff . neff make it walter . phyllis walter . neff right . phyllis tell I , walter , on this insurance -- how much commission do you make ? neff twenty percent . why ? phyllis I think maybe I could throw a little more business you way . neff I can always use it . phyllis I be think about my husband . I worry a lot about he , down in that oil field . it 's very dangerous . neff not for a executive , be it ? phyllis he do not just sit behind a desk . he 's right down there with the drilling crew . it 's get I worried sick . neff you mean a crown block might fall on he some rainy night ? phyllis please do not talk like that . neff but that 's the idea . phyllis the other day a case line snap and catch the foreman . he 's in the hospital with a break back . neff bad . phyllis it 's get I jittery just think about it . suppose something like that happen to my husband ? neff it could . phyllis do not you think he ought to have accident insurance ? neff uh huh . phyllis what kind of insurance could he have ? neff enough to cover doctor ' and hospital bill . say a hundred and twenty - five a week cash benefit . and he would rate around fifty thousand capital sum . phyllis Capital sum ? what 's that ? neff that 's if he get kill . maybe I should not have say that . phyllis I suppose you have to think of everything in you business . neff Mr. dietrichson would understand . I be sure I could sell he on the idea of some accident protection . why do not I talk to he about it . phyllis you could try . but he 's pretty tough go . neff they be all tough at first . phyllis he 's get a lot on he mind . he do not want to listen to anything except maybe a baseball game on the radio . sometimes we sit all evening without say a word to each other . neff sound pretty dull . Phyllis shrug . phyllis so I just sit and knit . neff be that what you marry he for ? phyllis maybe I like the way he thumb hold up the wool . neff anytime he thumb get tired -- phyllis I want to ask you something , Mr. neff . could I get a accident policy for he -- without bother he at all ? neff how 's that again . phyllis that would make it easier for you , too . you would not even have to talk to he . I have a little allowance of my own . I could pay for it and he need not know anything about it . neff wait a minute . why should not he know ? phyllis because I know he do not want accident insurance . he 's superstitious about it . neff a lot of people be . funny , be not it ? phyllis if there be a way to get it like that , all the worry would be over . you see what I mean , walter ? neff sure . I have get good eyesight . you want he to have the policy without he know it . and that mean without the insurance company know that he do not know . that 's the set - up , be not it ? phyllis be there anything wrong with it ? neff I think it 's lovely . and then , some dark wet night , if that crown block fall on he -- phyllis what crown block ? neff only sometimes they have to have a little help . they can not quite make it on they own . phyllis I do not know what you be talk about . neff of course , it do not have to be a crown block . it can be a car back over he , or he can fall out of a upstairs window . any little thing like that , as long as it 's a morgue job . phyllis be you crazy ? neff not that crazy . Goodbye , Mrs. dietrichson . he pick up he hat . phyllis what 's the matter ? neff look , baby , you can not get away with it . phyllis get away with what ? neff you want to knock he off , do not you , baby . phyllis that 's a horrible thing to say ! neff who would you think I be , anyway ? a guy that walk into a good- look dame 's front parlor and say " good afternoon , I sell accident insurance on husband . you get one that 's be around too long ? somebody you would like to turn into a little hard cash ? just give I a smile and I will help you collect . " Boy , what a dope I must look to you ! phyllis I think you be rotten . neff I think you be swell . so long as I be not you husband . phyllis get out of here . neff you bet I will . you bet I will get out of here , baby . but quick . he go out . she look after he . a-40 ext . dietrichson home - ( day ) neff bang the front door shut , walk quickly to he car and drive away . dissolve to : neff.s voice ( over scene ) so I let she have it , straight between the eye . she do not fool I for a minute , not this time . I know I have hold of a redhot poker and the time to drop it be before it burn my hand off . I stop at a drive - in for a bottle of beer , the one I have want all along , only I want it worse now , to get rid of the sour taste of she iced tea , and everything that go with it . I do not want to go back to the office , so I drop by a bowl alley at third and western and roll a few line to get my mind think about something else for a while . a-41 drive -in restaurant - ( day ) shoot past neff sit behind the wheel of he car the car hop hang a tray on the door and serve he a bottle of beer . dissolve to : a-42 int . bowling alley neff bowl . he roll the ball with a effort at concentration , but he mind be not really on the game . dissolve to : a-43 ext . apartment house - ( dusk ) it be late afternoon . the apartment house be call the los olivo apartment . it be a six - story building in the normandie- wilshire district , with a basement garage . the camera pan up the front of the building to the top floor window , as a little rain start to fall . dissolve to : neff.s voice ( continue ) I do not feel like eat dinner when I leave , and I do not feel like a show , so I drive home , put the car away and go up to my apartment . a-44 int . neff.s apartment - live room - ( dusk ) it be a double apartment of conventional design , with kitchen , dinette , and bathroom , squarecut overstuff borax furniture . Gas log be light in the imitation fireplace . neff stand by the window with he coat off and he tie loose . raindrop strike against the glass . he turn away impatiently , pace up and down past a caddy bag with golf club in it , pull one out at random , make a couple of short swing , throw the club on the couch , pace again . neff.s voice ( continue ) it have begin to rain outside and I watch it get dark and do not even turn on the light . that do not help I either . I be all twisted up inside , and I be still hold on to that red-hot poker . and right then it come over I that I have not walk out on anything at all , that the hook be too strong , that this be not the end between she and I . it be only the beginning . the doorbell ring . neff.s voice ( continue ) so at eight o'clock the bell would ring and I would know who it be without even have to think , as if it be the most natural thing in the world . neff go to the door and open it . phyllis hello . neff just look at she . phyllis you forget you hat this afternoon . she have nothing in she hand but she bag . neff do I ? he look down at she hand . phyllis do not you want I to bring it in ? neff sure . put it on the chair . she come in . he close the door . neff how do you know where I live ? phyllis it 's in the phone book . neff switch on the stand lamp . phyllis it 's raining . neff so it be . peel off you coat and sit down . she start to take off she coat . neff you husband out ? phyllis Long Beach . they be spudd in a new well . he phone he would be late . about nine -thirty . he take she coat and lay it across the back of a chair . phyllis it 's about time you say you be glad to see I . neff I know you would not leave it like that . phyllis like what ? neff like it be this afternoon . phyllis I must have say something that give you a terribly wrong impression . you must surely see that . you must never think anything like that about I , walter . neff okay . phyllis it 's not okay . not if you do not believe I . neff what do you want I to do ? phyllis I want you to be nice to I . like the first time you come to the house . neff it can not be like the first time . something have happen . phyllis I know it have . it 's happen to we . neff that 's what I mean . Phyllis have move over to the window . she stare out through the wet window - pane . neff what 's the matter now ? phyllis I feel as if he be watch I . not that he care about I . not any more . but he keep I on a leash . so tight I can not breathe . I be scared . neff what of ? he 's in Long Beach , be not he ? phyllis I ought not to have come . neff maybe you ought not . phyllis you want I to go ? neff if you want to . phyllis right now ? neff sure . right now . by this time , he have hold of she wrist . he draw she to he slowly and kiss she . her arm tighten around he . after a moment he pull he head back , still hold she close . neff how be you go to do it ? phyllis do what ? neff kill he . phyllis walter , for the last time -- she try to jerk away but he hold she and kiss she again . neff I be crazy about you , baby . phyllis I be crazy about you , walter . neff that perfume on you hair . what 's the name of it ? phyllis something french . I buy it down at ensenada . neff we ought to have some of that pink wine to go with it . the kind that bubbles . but all I have be bourbon . phyllis bourbon be fine , walter . he let she go and move toward the dinette . a-45 the dinette and kitchen it contain a small table and some chair . a low glass - and - china cabinet be build between the dinette and kitchen , leave a space like a doorway . the kitchen be the usual apartment house kitchen , with stove , ice - box , sink , etc . it be quite small . neff go to the ice - box and Phyllis drift in after he . neff soda ? phyllis plain water , please . neff get a couple of glass , will you . he point at the china closet . he have take a tray of ice cube from the refrigerator and be hold it under the hot - water faucet . neff you know , about six month ago a guy slip on the soap in he bathtub and knock himself cold and drown . only he have accident insurance . so they have a autopsy and she do not get away with it . Phyllis have the glass now . she hand they to he . he dump some ice cube into the glass . phyllis who do not ? neff his wife . he reach for the whiskey bottle on top of the china closet . neff and there be another case where a guy be find shot and he wife say he be clean a gun and he stomach get in the way . all she collect be a three - to - ten stretch in tehachapi . phyllis perhaps it be worth it to she . neff hand she a glass . neff see if you can carry this as far as the live room . they move back toward the live room . a-46 live room Phyllis and neff go toward the davenport . she be sip she drink and look around . phyllis it 's nice here , walter . who take care of it for you ? neff a color woman come in twice a week . phyllis you get you own breakfast ? neff once in a while I squeeze a grapefruit . the rest I get at the corner drugstore . they sit on the davenport , fairly close together . phyllis it sound wonderful . just stranger beside you . you do not know they . you do not hate they . you do not have to sit across the table and smile at he and that daughter of he every morning of you life . neff what daughter ? oh , that little girl on the piano . phyllis yes. lola . she life with we . he think a lot more of she than he do of I . neff ever think of a divorce ? phyllis he would not give I a divorce . neff I suppose because it would cost he money . phyllis he have not get any money . not since he go into the oil business . neff but he have when you marry he ? phyllis yes , he have . and I want a home . why not ? but that be not the only reason . I be he wife 's nurse . she be sick for a long time . when she die , he be all break up . I pity he so . neff and now you hate he . phyllis yes , walter . he 's so mean to I . every - time I buy a dress or a pair of shoe he yell he head off . he will not let I go anywhere . he keep I shut up . he 's always be mean to I . even he life insurance all go to that daughter of he . that lola . neff nothing for you at all , huh ? phyllis no . and nothing be just what I be worth to he . neff so you lie awake in the dark and listen to he snore and get idea . phyllis walter , I do not want to kill he . I never do . not even when he get drunk and slap my face . neff only sometimes you wish he be dead . phyllis perhaps I do . neff and you wish it be a accident , and you have that policy . for fifty thousand dollar . be that it ? phyllis perhaps that too . she take a long drink . phyllis the other night we drive home from a party . he be drunk again . when we get into the garage he just sit there with he head on the steering wheel and the motor still run . and I think what it would be like if I do not switch it off , just close the garage door and leave he there . neff I will tell you what it would be like , if you have that accident policy , and try to pull a monoxide job . we have a guy in we office name key . for he a set - up like that would be just like a slice of rare roast beef . in three minute he would know it be not a accident . in ten minute you would be sit under the hot light . in half a hour you would be signing you name to a confession . phyllis but walter , I do not do it . I be not go to do it . neff not if there 's a insurance company in the picture , baby . so long as you be honest they will pay you with a smile , but you just try to pull something like that and you will find out . they know more trick than a carload of monkey . and if there 's a death mix up in it , you have not get a prayer . they will hang you as sure as ten dime will buy a dollar , baby . she begin to cry . he put he arm around she and kiss she . neff just stop think about it , will you . he hold she tight . they head touch , side by side , the camera slowly start to recede as we dissolve to : a-47 int . neff.s office - ( night ) neff sit in the swivel chair , talk into the dictaphone . he have hook the wastebasket under he foot to sit more comfortably . as he talk , a little cough shake he now and then . neff so we just sit there , and she keep on cry softly , like the rain on the window , and we do not say anything . maybe she have stop think about it , but I have not . I could not . because it all tie up with something I have be think about for year , since long before I ever run into Phyllis dietrichson . because , in this business you can not sleep for try to figure out the trick they could pull on you . you be like the guy behind the roulette wheel , watch the customer to make sure they do not crook the house . and then one night , you get to think how you could crook the house yourself . and do it smart . because you have get that wheel right under you hand . and you know every notch in it by heart . and you figure all you need be a plant out in front , a shill to put down the bet . and suddenly the doorbell ring and the whole set - up be right there in the room with you ... look , key , I be not try to whitewash myself . I fight it , only maybe I do not fight it hard enough . the stake be fifty thousand dollar , but they be the life of a man , too , a man who would never do I any dirt . except he be marry to a woman he do not care anything about , and I do ... dissolve to : a-48 int . neff.s apartment live room camera move slowly towards the davenport again . neff sit in one corner with he foot on the low table . he be smoking he cigarette and stare at the ceiling . Phyllis have be sit fairly close to he . she get up slowly and cross to she rain coat , lie over a chair . phyllis I have get to go now , walter . neff do not answer . he keep on stare at the ceiling . she start to put the rain coat on . phyllis will you call I , walter ? neff still do not answer . phyllis walter ! he look at she slowly , almost absently . phyllis I hate he . I loathe go back to he . you believe I , do not you , walter ? neff sure I believe you . phyllis I can not stand it anymore . what if they do hang I ? neff you be not go to hang , baby . phyllis it 's better than go on this way . neff -- you be not go to hang , baby . not ever . because you be go to do it the smart way . because I be go to help you . phyllis you ! neff me. phyllis do you know what you be say ? neff sure I know what I be say . he get up and grip she arm . neff we be go to do it together . we be go to do it right . and I be the guy that know how . there be fierce determination in he voice . his finger dig into she arm . phyllis walter , you be hurt I . neff there be not go to be any slip up . nothing sloppy . nothing weak . it 's get to be perfect . he kiss she . neff you go now . he lead she towards the door . neff call I tomorrow . but not from you house . from a booth . and watch you step . every single minute . it 's get to be perfect , understand . straight down the line . they have now reach the door . neff open it . Phyllis stand in the doorway , she lip white . phyllis straight down the line . she go quietly . he watch she down the corridor . slowly he close the door and go back into the room . he move across the window and open it wide . he stand there , look down into the dark street . from below come the sound of a car start and drive off . the rain drift in against he face . he just stand there motionless . his mind be go a hundred mile a minute . fade out : end of sequence " a " sequence " B " fade in : b-1 int . neff.s office - ( night ) neff sit slump in he chair before the dictaphone . on the desk next to he stand a use record . the cylinder on the dictaphone be not turn . he be smoking a cigarette . he kill it then lift the needle and slide off the record which be on the machine and stand it on end on the desk beside the other use record . he reach down painfully to take another record from the rack beneath the dictaphone , look at it against the light to make sure it have not be use , then slide it into place on the machine and reset the needle . he lift the horn and resume he dictation . neff the first thing we have to do be fix he up with that accident policy . I know he would not buy , but all I want be he signature on a application . so I have to make he sign without he know what he be signing . and I want a witness other than Phyllis to hear I give he a sale talk . I be try to think with you brain , key . I want all the answer ready for all the question you be go to spring as soon as dietrichson be dead . neff take a last drag on he cigarette and kill it by run it under the ledge of the dictaphone stand . he drop the stub on the floor and resume . neff a couple of night later I go to the house . everything look fine , except I do not like the witness Phyllis have bring in . it be dietrichson 's daughter lola , and it make I feel a little queer in the belly to have she right there in the room , play chinese checker , as if nothing be go to happen . dissolve : b-2 a board of chinese checker camera withdraws and gradually reveal the dietrichson live room - night the checker - board be on the davenport between Phyllis and lola . Mr. dietrichson sit in a big easy chair . his coat and tie be over the back of the chair , and the evening paper be lie tumble on the floor beside he . he be smoking a cigar with the band on it . he have a drink in front of he and several more inside he . in another chair sit neff , he briefcase on the floor , lean against he chair . he hold he rate book partly open , with a finger in it for a marker . he be go full swing . neff I suppose you realize , Mr. dietrichson , that , not be a employee , you be not cover by the State compensation insurance Act . the only way you can protect yourself be by have a personal policy of you own . dietrichson I know all about that . the next thing you will tell I I need earthquake insurance and lightning insurance and hail insurance . Phyllis look up from the checker - board and cut in on the dialogue . lola listen without much interest . phyllis ( to dietrichson ) if we buy all the insurance they can think up , we would stay break pay for it , would not we , honey ? dietrichson what keep we break be you go out and buy five hat at a crack . who need a hat in California ? neff I always say insurance be a lot like a hot water bottle . it look kind of useless and silly hang on the hook , but when you get that stomach ache in the middle of the night , it come in mighty handy . dietrichson now you want to sell I a hot water bottle . neff dollar for dollar , accident insurance be the cheapest coverage you can buy , Mr. dietrichson . dietrichson maybe some other time , Mr. neff . I have a tough day . neff just as you say , Mr. dietrichson . dietrichson suppose we just settle that automobile insurance tonight . neff sure . all we need on that be for you to sign a application for renewal . Phyllis throw a quick glance at neff . as she look back she see that lola be stare down at she wrist watch . lola Phyllis , do you mind if we do not finish this game ? it bore I stiff . phyllis get some thing better to do ? lola yes , I have . she get up . lola ( to dietrichson ) Father , be it all right if I run along now ? dietrichson run along where ? who with ? lola just Anne . we be go roller skate . dietrichson Anne who ? lola Anne matthews . phyllis it 's not that nino Zachetti again ? dietrichson it better not be that Zachetti guy . if I ever catch you with that --- lola it 's Anne matthews , I tell you . I also tell you we be go roller skate . I be meeting she at the corner of vermont and Franklin -- the north - west corner , in case you be interested . and I be late already . I hope that be all clear . good night , Father . good night , Phyllis . she start to go . neff good night , miss dietrichson . lola oh , I be sorry . good night , Mr. -- neff neff . lola good night , Mr. neff . phyllis now you be not go to take my car again . lola no thanks . I would rather be dead . she go out through the archway . dietrichson a great little fighter for she weight . dietrichson suck down a big swallow of he drink . neff have take two blank form from he briefcase . he put the briefcase on Mr. dietrichson 's lap and lay the form on top . Phyllis be watch closely . neff this be where you sign , Mr. dietrichson . dietrichson sign what ? neff the application for you auto renewals . so you will be protect until the new policy be issue . dietrichson when will that be ? neff in about a week . dietrichson just so I be cover when I drive up North . neff take out he fountain pen . neff San Francisco , Mr. dietrichson ? dietrichson palo Alto . phyllis he be a Stanford man , Mr. neff . and he still go to he class reunion every year . dietrichson what 's wrong with that ? can not I have a little fun even once a year ? neff great football school , Stanford . do you play football , Mr. dietrichson ? dietrichson Left guard . almost make the varsity , too . neff have unscrewe he fountain pen . he hand it to Mr. dietrichson . dietrichson put on he glass . neff on that bottom line , Mr. dietrichson . dietrichson sign . neff 's and Phyllis ' eye meet for a split second . neff both copy , please . he withdraw the top copy barely enough to expose the signature line on the suppose duplicate . dietrichson sign twice , huh ? neff one be the agent 's copy . I need it for my file . dietrichson ( in a mutter ) files. duplicate . triplicate . dietrichson grunt and sign again . again neff and Phyllis exchange a quick glance . neff no hurry about the check , Mr. dietrichson . I can pick it up at you office some morning . casually neff lift the briefcase and sign application off dietrichson 's lap . dietrichson how much you take I for ? neff one forty - seven fifty , Mr. dietrichson . dietrichson stand up . he be about neff 's height but a little heavier . phyllis I guess that 's enough insurance for one evening , Mr. neff . dietrichson plenty . dietrichson have pour some more whisky into he glass . he try the siphon but it be empty . he gather up he coat and tie and pick up he glass . dietrichson good night , Mr. neff . neff be zipping up he briefcase . neff good night , Mr. dietrichson . good night , Mrs. dietrichson . dietrichson bring I some soda when you come up , Phyllis . dietrichson trundle off towards the archway . phyllis ( to neff ) I think you leave you hat in the hall . Phyllis lead the way and neff go after she , he briefcase under he arm . b-3 hallway dietrichson residence - ( night ) Phyllis enter through the live room archway with neff behind she . she lead he towards the door . on the way he pick up he hat . in the background dietrichson begin to ascend the stair , carry he coat and glass . Phyllis and neff move close to the door . they speak in very low voice . phyllis all right , walter ? neff Fine . phyllis he sign it , do not he ? neff sure he sign it . you see he . Phyllis open the door a crack . both look at the stair , where dietrichson be go up . Phyllis take she hand off the doorknob and hold on to neff 's arm . neff ( look up ) watch it , will you . Phyllis slowly drop she hand from he arm . both look up as dietrichson go across the balcony and out of sight . neff listen . that trip to palo Alto when do he go ? phyllis end of the month . neff he drive , huh ? phyllis he always drive . neff not this time . you be go to make he take the train . phyllis why ? neff because it 's all work out for a train . for a second they stand listen and look up as if they have hear a sound . phyllis it 's all right . go on , walter . neff look , baby . there 's a clause in every accident policy , a little something call double indemnity . the insurance company put it in as a sort of come - on for the customer . it mean they pay double on certain accident . the kind that almost never happen . like for instance if a guy get kill on a train , they would pay a hundred thousand instead of fifty . phyllis I see . ( her eye widen with excitement ) neff we be hit it for the limit , baby . that 's why it 's get to be a train . phyllis it 's go to be a train , walter . just the way you say . straight down the line . they look at each other . the look be like a long kiss . neff go out . slowly Phyllis close the door and lean she head against it as she look up the empty stairway . b-4 ext . dietrichson residence - ( night ) neff , briefcase under he arm , come down the step to the street , where he dodge coupe be park at the curb . he open the door and stop , look in . sitting there in the dark corner of the car , away from the steering wheel , be lola . she wear a coat but no hat . lola hello , Mr. neff . it 's I . lola give he a sly smile . neff be a little annoyed . neff something the matter ? lola I have be wait for you . neff for I ? what for ? lola I think you could let I ride with you , if you be go my way . neff do not like the idea very much . neff which way would that be ? lola down the hill . down vermont . neff ( remember ) oh , sure . vermont and Franklin . North - west corner , be not it ? be glad to , miss dietrichson . neff get into the car . b-5 int . coupe - ( night ) - ( transparency ) neff put the briefcase on the ledge behind the driver 's seat . he close the door and start the car . they drift down the hill . neff roller skate , eh ? you like roller skate ? lola I can take it or leave it . neff look at she curiously . lola meet he glance . neff only tonight you be leave it ? this be a embarrassing moment for lola . lola yes , I be . you see , Mr. neff , I be have a very tough time at home . my father do not understand I and Phyllis hate I . neff that do sound tough , all right . lola that 's why I have to lie sometimes . neff you mean it 's not vermont and Franklin . lola it 's vermont and Franklin all right . only it 's not Anne matthews . it 's nino Zachetti . you will not tell on I , will you ? neff I would have to think it over . lola nino 's not what my father say at all . he just have bad luck . he be do pre-med at u.s.c. and work night as a usher in a theater downtown . he get behind in he credit and flunk out . then he lose he job for talk back . he 's so hot - head . neff that come expensive , do not it ? lola I guess my father think nobody 's good enough for he daughter except maybe the guy that own Standard oil . would you like a stick of gum ? neff never use it , thanks . lola put a stick of gum in she mouth . lola I can not give nino up . I wish father could see it my way . neff it will straighten out all right , miss dietrichson . lola I suppose it will sometime . ( look out ) this be the corner right here , Mr. neff . neff bring the car to a stop by the curb . lola there he be . by the bus stop . neff look out . b-6 corner vermont and franklin - ( night ) Zachetti stand wait , hand in trouser pocket . he be about twenty - five , italian look , open shirt , not well dress . b-7 int . coupe - ( night ) - lola and neff lola he need a hair - cut , do not he . look at he . no job , no car , no money , no prospect , no nothing . ( pause ) I love he . she lean over and honk on the horn . lola ( Calling ) nino ! b-8 zachetti he turn around and look towards the car . lola' voice over here , nino . Zachetti walk towards the car . b-9 the coupe neff and lola . she have open the door . Zachetti come up . lola this be Mr. neff , nino . neff hello , nino . zachetti ( belligerent from the first word ) the name be Zachetti . lola nino . please . Mr. neff give I a ride from the house . I tell he all about we . zachetti why do he have to get tell about we ? lola we do not have to worry about Mr. neff , nino . zachetti I be not do any worry . just do not you broadcast so much . lola what 's the matter with you , nino ? he 's a friend . zachetti I do not have any friend . and if I do , I like to pick they myself . neff look , sonny , she need the ride and I bring she along . be that anything to get tough about ? zachetti all right , lola , make up you mind . be you come or be not you ? lola of course I be come . do not mind he , Mr. neff . lola step out of the car . lola thanks a lot . you have be very sweet . lola catch up with Zachetti and they walk away together . b-10 int . coupe neff look after they . slowly he put the car in gear and drive on . his face be tight . behind he head , light catch the metal of the zipper on the briefcase . over the shot come the commentary : neff.s voice she be a nice kid and maybe he be a little better than he sound . I kind of hope so for she sake , but right then it give I a nasty feel to be think about they at all , with that briefcase right behind my head and she father 's application in it . besides , I have other problem to work out . there be plan to make , and Phyllis have to be in on they ... dissolve to : b-11 ext . super market - ( day ) there be a fair amount of activity but the place be not crowded . neff come along the sidewalk into the shot . he pass in front of the fruit and vegetable display and go between the stall into the market . neff.s voice ( continue ) ... but we could not be see together any more and I have tell she never to call I from she house and never to call I at my office . so we have pick out a big market on Los feliz . she be to be there buy stuff every day about eleven o'clock , and I could run into she there . kind of accidentally on purpose . b-12 int . market neff stop by the cashier 's desk and busy a pack of cigarettes . as he be open the pack he look back casually beyond the turnstile into the rear part of the market . b-13 rows of high shelve in market the shelf be load with can goods and other merchandise . customer move around select article and put they in they basket . Phyllis be see among they , stand by the soap section . her basket be partly fill . she wear a simple house dress , no hat , and have a large envelope pocketbook under she arm . b-14 int . market neff have spot Phyllis . without haste he pass through the turnstile towards the back . b-15 the shelve Phyllis be put a can of clean powder into she basket . neff enter the shot and move along the shelf towards she , very slowly , pretend to inspect the goods . a customer pass and go on out of scene . Phyllis and neff be now very close . during the ensue low - speak dialogue , they continue to face the shelf , not look at each other phyllis walter . neff not so loud . phyllis I want to talk to you , walter . ever since yesterday . neff let I talk first . it 's all set . the accident policy come through . I have get it in my pocket . I get he check too . I see he down in the oil field . he think he be pay for the auto insurance . the check 's just make out to the company . it could be for anything . but you have to send a check for the auto insurance , see . it 's all right that way , because one of the car be yours . phyllis but listen , walter --- neff Quick , open you bag . she hesitates , then open it . neff look around quickly , slip the policy out of he pocket and drop it into she bag . she snap the bag shut . neff can you get into he safe deposit box ? phyllis yes . we both have key . neff Fine . but do not put the policy in there yet . I will tell you when . and listen , you never touch it or even see it , understand ? phyllis I be not a fool . neff okay . when be he take the train ? phyllis walter , that 's just it . he be not go . neff what ? phyllis that 's what I have be try to tell you . the trip be off . neff what 's happen ? he break off as a short , squatty woman , push a child in a walker , come into sight and approach . she stop beside neff , who be pretend to read a label on a can . Phyllis put a few cake of soap into she basket . woman ( to neff ) mister , could you reach I that can of coffee ? ( she point ) that one up there . neff ( reaching up ) this one ? she nod . neff reach a can down from the high shelf and hand it to she . woman I do not see why they always have to put what I want on the top shelf . she move away with she coffee and she child . out of the corner of he eye neff watch she go . he move closer to Phyllis again . neff go ahead . I be listen . phyllis he have a fall down at the well . he break he leg . it 's in a cast . neff that knock it on the head all right . phyllis what do we do , walter ? neff nothing . just wait . phyllis wait for what ? neff until he can take a train . I tell you it 's get to be a train . phyllis we can not wait . I can not go on like this . neff we be not go to grab a hammer and do it quick , just to get it over with . phyllis there be other way . neff only we be not go to do it other way . phyllis but we can not leave it like this . what do you think would happen if he find out about this accident policy ? neff plenty . but not as bad as sit in that death-house . phyllis do not ever talk like that , walter . neff just do not let 's start lose we head . phyllis it 's not we head . it 's we nerve we be lose . neff we be go to do it right . that 's all I say . phyllis walter maybe it 's my nerve . it 's the wait that get I . neff it 's get I just as bad , baby . but we have get to wait . phyllis maybe we have , walter . only it 's so tough without you . it 's like a wall between we . neff look at he watch . neff good- bye baby . I be think of you every minute . he go off . she stare after he . dissolve to : b- 16 neff.s office - ( day ) he be wear a light grey suit and have he hat on . he be stand behind he desk open some mail , take a few papers out of he briefcase , check something in he rate book , make a quick telephone call . but nothing of this be hear . neff.s voice after that a full week go by and I do not see she once . I try to keep my mind off she and off the whole idea . I keep tell myself that maybe that fate they say watch over you have get together and break he leg to give I a way out . then it be the fifteenth of June . you may remember that date , key . I do too , only for a very different reason . you come into my office around three in the afternoon ... key enter with some papers in he hand . neff hello , key . keye I just come from norton 's office . the semi-annual sale record be out . you be high man , walter . that 's twice in a row . congratulation . neff thanks . how would you like a cheap drink ? keye how would you like a fifty dollar cut in salary ? neff how would I -- do I laugh now , or wait until it get funny ? keye I be serious , walter . I have be talk to norton . there 's too much stuff pile up on my desk . too much pressure on my nerve . I spend half the night walk up and down in my bed . I have get to have a assistant . I think that you -- neff I ? why pick on I ? keye because I have get a crazy idea you might be good at the job . neff that 's crazy all right . I be a salesman . keye yeah . a peddler , a glad-hander , a back -slapper . you be too good to be a salesman . neff nobody 's too good to be a salesman . keye phooey . all you guy do be ring door - bell and dish out a smooth line of monkey talk . what 's bother you be that fifty buck cut , be not it ? neff that would bother anybody . keye look , walter . the job I be talk about take brain and integrity . it take more gut than there be in fifty salesman . it 's the hot job in the business . neff it 's still a desk job . I do not want a desk job . keye a desk job . be that all you can see in it ? just a hard chair to park you pants on from nine to five . just a pile of papers to shuffle around , and five sharp pencil and a scratch pad to make figure on , with maybe a little doodling on the side . that 's not the way I see it , walter . to I a claim man be a surgeon , and that desk be a operate table , and that pencil be scalpel and bone chisel . and that papers be not just form and statistic and claim for compensation . they be alive , they be pack with drama , with twisted hope and crooked dream . a claim man , walter , be a doctor and a blood-hound and a cop and a judge and a jury and a father confessor , all in one . the telephone ring on neff 's desk . automatically key grab the phone and answer . keye who ? okay , hold the line . he put the phone down on the desk and continue to neff : keye and you want to tell I you be not interested . you do not want to work with you brain . all you want to work with be you finger on a door - bell . for a few buck more a week . there 's a dame on you phone . neff pick the phone up and answer . neff walter neff speak . b-17 int . phone booth - market Phyllis be on the phone . phyllis I have to call you , walter . it 's terribly urgent . be you with somebody ? b-18 neff.s office neff on the phone . his eye catch key ' , who be walk up and down . neff of course I be . can not I call you back ... margie ? b-19 phyllis - on phone phyllis walter , I have only get a minute . it can not wait . listen . he 's go tonight . on the train . be you listen , walter ? walter ! b- 20 neff - on phone his eye be on key . he speak into the phone as calmly as possible . neff I be listen . only make it short ... margie . b-21 phyllis - on phone phyllis he 's on crutch . the doctor say he can go if he 's careful . the change will do he good . it 's wonderful , walter . just the way you want it . only with the crutch it 's ever so much better , be not it ? b-22 neff.s office neff on phone . neff one hundred percent better . hold the line a minute . he cover the receiver with he hand and turn to key , who be now stand at the window . neff suppose I join you in you office , key -- he make a gesture as if expect key to leave . key stay right where he be . keye I will wait . only tell margie not to take all day . neff look at key ' back with a strain expression , then lift the phone again . neff go ahead . b-23 phyllis , on phone phyllis it 's the ten-fifteen from Glendale . I be drive he . be it still that same dark street ? b- 24 neff , on phone he be still watch key cautiously . neff yeah -- sure . b-24a closeup - phyllis - on phone phyllis the signal be three honk on the horn . be there anything else ? b-24b closeup neff , on phone neff what color do you pick out ? b-25 phyllis , on phone phyllis Color ? ( she catch on ) oh , sure . the blue suit , walter . navy blue . and the cast on he leave leg . b- 26 neff , on phone neff navy blue . I like that fine . b-27 phyllis , on phone phyllis this be it , walter . I be shaking like a leaf . but it 's straight down the line now for both of we . I love you , walter . Goodbye . b- 28 neff.s office neff on the phone . neff so long , margie . he hang up . his mouth be grim , but he force a smile as key turn . neff I be sorry , key . keye what 's the matter ? the dame chase you again ? or still ? or be it none of my business ? neff ( with a sour smile ) if I tell you it be a customer -- keye margie ! I bet she drink from the bottle . why do not you settle down and get marry , walter ? neff why do not you , for instance ? keye I almost do , once . a long time ago . neff get up from he desk . neff look , key , I have get a prospect to call on . key drive right ahead . keye we even have the church all pick out , the dame and I . she have a white satin dress with flounce on it . and I be on my way to the jewelry store to buy the ring . then suddenly that little man in here start work on I . he punch he stomach with he fist . neff so you go back and start investigate she . that it ? key nod slowly , a little sad and a little ashamed . keye and the stuff that come out . she would be dyeing she hair ever since she be sixteen . and there be a manic - depressive in she family , on she mother 's side . and she already have one husband , a professional pool player in Baltimore . and as for she brother -- neff I get the general idea . she be a tramp from a long line of tramp . he pick up some papers impatiently . keye all right , I be go . what be I to say to norton ? how about that job I want you for ? neff I do not think I want it . thanks , key , just the same . keye Fair enough . just get this : I pick you for the job , not because I think you be so darn smart , but because I think maybe you be a shade less dumb than the rest of the outfit . I guess I be all wet . you be not smarter , walter . you be just a little taller . he go out . neff be alone . he watch the door close , then turn and go slowly to the water cooler . he fill a paper cup and stand hold it . his thought be somewhere else . after a moment he absently throw the cupful of water into the receptacle under the cooler . he go back to the desk . he take he rate book out of he brief case and put it on the desk . he button the top button of he shirt , and pull he tie right . he leave the office , with he briefcase under he arm . neff.s voice that be it , key , and there be no use kid myself any more . that fate I be talk about have only be stalling I off . now they have throw the switch . the gear have meshed . the machinery have start to move and nothing could stop it . the time for think have all run out . from here on it be a question of follow the time table , move by move , just as we have it rehearse . I want my time all account for for the rest of the afternoon and up to the last possible moment in the evening . so I arrange to call on a prospect in pasadena about a public liability bond . when I leave the office I put my rate book on the desk as if I have forget it . that be part of the alibi . dissolve to : b- 29 ext . neff.s apt . house day neff 's coupe come down the street and swing into the garage and go down the ramp into the basement . neff.s voice I get home about seven and drive right into the garage . this be another item to establish my alibi . b-30 int . garage there be about eight car park . a color attendant in coverall and rubber boot be wash a car with a hose and sponge . neff 's car come into the shot and stop near the attendant . neff get out with he briefcase under he arm . attendant hiya there , Mr. neff . neff how about a wash job on my heap , Charlie ? attendant how soon you want it , Mr. neff ? I get two car ahead of you . neff anytime you get to it , Charlie . I be stay in tonight . attendant okay , Mr. neff . be all shine up for you in the morning . neff be crossing to the elevator . he speak back over he shoulder : neff that leave front tire look a little soft . check it , will you ? attendant you bet . check them all round . always do . neff enter the elevator . dissolve to : b-31 neff.s apt . - ( day ) neff enter . he walk straight to the phone , dial , and start speak into the mouthpiece , but only the commentary be hear . dissolve : neff.s voice up in my apartment I call Lou schwartz , one of the salesmen that share my office . he live in westwood . that make it a toll call and there would be a record of it . I tell he I have forget my rate book and need some dope on the public liability bond I be figure . I ask he to call I back . this be another item in my alibi , so that later on I could prove that I have be home . b-32 int . neff.s live room neff come into the live room from the bedroom , put on the jacket of he blue suit . the phone ring . he pick up the receiver and start talk , unheard , as before . he make note on a pad . dissolve to : neff.s voice I change into a navy blue suit like dietrichson be go to wear . Lou schwartz call I back and give I a lot of figure ... b-33 neff he be fold a hand towel and stuff it into he jacket pocket . he then take a large roll of adhesive tape and put that into he pants pocket . dissolve to : neff.s voice ( cont would ) I stuff a hand towel and a big roll of adhesive tape into my pocket , so I could fake something that look like a cast on a break leg ... next I fix the telephone and the doorbell , so that the card would fall down if the bell ring . that way I would know there have be a phone call or visitor while I be away . I leave the apartment house by the fire stair and side door . nobody see I . it be already get dark . I take the vermont Avenue bus to Los feliz and walk from there up to the dietrichson house . there be that smell of honeysuckle again , only stronger , now that it be evening . b- 34 &amp ; b-35 insert of OPEN telephone bell BOX ( on baseboard ) &amp ; doorbell ( above entrance door ) neff 's hand place a small card against the bell clapper in each of this . dissolve to : b-36 FIRE stair , apt . house ( night ) camera pan with neff go down the stair in he blue suit , with a hat pull down over he eye . dissolve to : b-37 ext . dietrichson home - ( night ) - long shot - no traffic some window be light . neff come into the shot and approach cautiously . he look around and then slide open the garage door . b-38 int . garage neff close the garage door . very faint light come in at a side window . he open the rear door of the sedan , get in and close the door after he . the dark interior of the car have swallow he up . neff.s voice then I be in the garage . his car be back in , just the way I tell Phyllis to have it . it be so still I could hear the tick of the clock on the dashboard . I keep think of the place we have pick out to do it , that dark street on the way to the station , and the three honk on the horn that be to be the signal ... about ten minute later they come down . dissolve to : b-39 ext . dietrichson house the front door have open and dietrichson be half - way down the step . he be walk with crutch , wear the dark blue suit and a hat . the cast be on he leave leg . there be no shoe on he leave foot . only the white plaster show . Phyllis come after he , carry he suitcase and he overcoat . she wear a camel 's - hair coat and no hat . she catch up with he . phyllis you all right , honey ? I will have the car out in a second . dietrichson just grunt . she pass he to the garage , camera with her , and slide the door open . b-40 int . garage the camera be very low inside the sedan , shoot slightly upwards from neff 's hide place . the garage door have just be open . Phyllis come to the car , open the rear door . she look down , almost into the camera . a tight , cool smile flash across she face . then , very calmly , she put the suitcase and overcoat in back on the seat ( out of shot ) . she close the door again . b-41 ext . garage dietrichson stand watch Phyllis as she get into the car and drive out to pick he up . she stop beside he and open the right -hand door . dietrichson climb in with difficulty . she help he , watch he closely . phyllis take it easy , honey . we have get lot of time . dietrichson just let I do it my own way . grab that crutch . she take one of the crutch from he . dietrichson they ought to make this thing so they fold up . for a moment , as he lean he hand on the back of the seat , there be danger that he may see neff . he do not . he slide awkwardly into the seat and pull the second crutch in after he . he close the door . the car move off . dissolve to : b-42 int . car Phyllis drive and dietrichson beside she , face toward the camera . dietrichson have a partly smoke cigar between he tooth . they be in the middle of a conversation . dietrichson aw , stop squawkin ' can not you , Phyllis ? no man take he wife along to a class reunion . that 's what class reunion be for . phyllis Mrs. tucker go along with she husband last year , do not she . dietrichson yeah , and what happen to she ? she sit in the hotel lobby for four day straight . never even see the guy until we pour he back on the train . b-43 closeup on neff.s face low down in the corner behind dietrichson his face be partly cover by the edge of a travel rug which he have pull up over he . he look up at dietrichson and Phyllis in the front seat . phyllis ' voice all right , honey . just so long as you have a good time . dietrichson voice I will not do much dance , I can tell you that . b-44 head &amp ; shoulder of dietrichson &amp ; phyllis - as see by neff phyllis remember what the doctor say . if you get careless you might end up with a short leg . dietrichson so what ? I could break the other one and match they up again . phyllis it make you feel pretty good to get away from I , do not it ? b-45 phyllis &amp ; dietrichson - facing camera dietrichson it 's only for four day . I will be back Monday at the latest . phyllis do not forget we be have the hobey for dinner on Monday . dietrichson the hobey ? we have they last . they owe we a dinner , do not they ? phyllis maybe they do but I have already ask they for Monday . dietrichson well , I do not want to feed the hobey . b-46 closeup - phyllis ' face only there be a look of tension in she eye now . she glance around quickly . the car have reach the dark street neff and she pick out . dietrichson voice and I do not want to eat at they house either . the food you get there , and that rope he hand out for cigar . call it off , can not you ? Phyllis do not answer . she do not even breathe . her hand go down on the horn button . she honk three time . dietrichson voice what be you do that for ? what the -- this be as far as he voice will ever get . it break off and die down in a muffle groan . there be struggle noise and a dull sound of something break . Phyllis drive on and never turn she head . she stare straight in front of she . her tooth be clench . dissolve to : b-47 parking space adjoining glendale station - night the station be visible about sixty yard away . there be no parking attendant . ten or twelve car be park diagonally , not crowded . the train be not in yet , but there be activity around the station . passenger and they friend , redcap and baggage man , news vendor , etc . the dietrichson sedan drive into the shot past camera and park in the foreground at the outer end of the line , several space from the next car , face away from the camera . both front door be open . Phyllis get out and from the other side crutch emerge , and a man ( see entirely from behind , and apparently dietrichson ) climb out awkwardly . while he be steadying himself on the ground with the crutch , Phyllis have take out dietrichson 's suitcase and overcoat . she walk around the car and roll up the right front window . she close and lock the car door . she try the right rear door and take a last look into the dim interior of the car . then she and the man walk slowly away from the car to the end of the station platform and along it toward the station building , Phyllis walk several step ahead of the man . b-48 phyllis &amp ; the man - walking camera following they , a little to one side , so that Phyllis be clearly see but the man 's face be not . man ( in a subdued voice ) you handle the redcap and the conductor . phyllis do not worry . man keep they away from I as much as you can . I do not want to be help . phyllis I say do not worry , walter . b-49 phyllis &amp ; the man , walking down platform , camera now preceding they only at this point be it quite clear that the man be neff . neff you start just as soon as the train leave . at the dairy sign you turn off the highway onto the dirt road . from there it 's exactly eight - tenth of a mile to the dump beside the track . remember ? phyllis I remember everything . neff you will be there a little ahead of the train . no speed . you do not want any cop stop you -- with he in the back . phyllis walter , we have be through all that so many time . neff when you turn off the highway , cut all you light . I be go to be back on the observation platform . I will drop off as close to the spot as I can . wait for the train to pass , then blink you light twice . Phyllis nod . they go on . over they be hear the noise of the train come into the station and its light be see . b-50 glendale station platform the train be just come to a stop . the passenger move forward to the track . Phyllis , carry the suitcase and overcoat , and neff , still a little behind she , come toward the camera . a redcap see they and run up . he take the suitcase out of Phyllis ' hand . redcap San Francisco train , lady ? Phyllis take a envelope contain dietrichson 's ticket from the pocket of the overcoat . she read from the envelope . phyllis car nine , section eleven . just my husband go . redcap car nine , section eleven . yessum , this way please . Phyllis hand the overcoat to the redcap , who lead she and neff towards car number nine . neff still hang back and keep he head down , the way a man use crutch might naturally do . b-51 ext . car # 9 : B - 52 : b-53 the pullman conductor and porter stand at the step . the conductor be check the ticket of passenger get on . the redcap lead Phyllis and neff into the shot . the conductor and porter see neff on he crutch and move to help he . phyllis it 's all right , thanks . my husband do not like to be help . the redcap go up the step into the car . neff laboriously swing himself up onto the box and from there up on the step , keep he head down . meantime , Phyllis be hold the attention of the conductor and porter by show they the ticket . conductor car nine , section eleven . the gentleman only . thank you . Phyllis nod and take the ticket back . neff have reach the top of the step . she go up after he and give he the ticket . they be now close together . phyllis Goodbye , honey . take awful good care of yourself with that leg . neff sure , I will . just you take it easy go home . phyllis I will miss you , honey . she kiss he . there be shout of " all aboard " . the redcap come from inside the car . redcap section eleven , suh . Phyllis take a quarter from she bag and give it to the redcap . porter ( shout ) all aboard ! redcap descend . Phyllis kiss neff again quickly . phyllis good luck , honey . she run down the step . the porter pick up the box . he and the conductor get on board the train . Phyllis stand there wave goodbye as the train start move , and the porter begin to close the car door . Phyllis turn and walk out of the shot in the direction of the park car . b-54 int . platform car number nine - moving train - ( night ) - dim light neff and the porter . the conductor be go on into the car . neff be half turn away from the porter . neff can you make up my berth right away ? porter yes , sir . neff I be go back to the observation car for a smoke . porter this way , sir . Three car back . he hold the vestibule door open . neff hobble through . dissolve to : b-55 int . pullman car - dim most of the berth be make up . as neff hobble along , another porter and some passenger make way for the crippled man solicitously . dissolve to : b-56 platform between two car - very dim the train conductor meet neff and open the door for he . neff hobble on through . dissolve to : b-57 int . parlor car - moving train four or five passenger be read or write . as neff come through on he crutch they pull in they foot to make room for he . one old lady , see that he be head for the observation platform , open the door for he . he thanks she with a nod and hobble through . b-58 observation platform Dark except for a little light come from inside the parlor car . the train be go at about fifteen mile a hour between Glendale and burbank . neff have come out and hobble to the railing . he stand look back along the rail . suddenly a man' voice speak from behind he . man' voice can I pull a chair out for you ? neff look around . he see a man sit in the corner smoking a hand - roll cigarette . he be about fifty - five year old , with white hair , and a broad-brimmed stetson hat . he look like a small town lawyer or maybe a mining man . neff do not like the man 's presence there very much . he turn to he just enough to answer . neff no thanks , I would rather stand . man you go far ? neff palo Alto . man my name 's Jackson . I be go all the way to medford . medford , Oregon . have a break arm myself once . neff uh-huh . jackson that darn cast sure itches something fierce , do not it ? I think I would go crazy with mine . neff stand silent . his mind be feverishly think of how to get rid of Jackson . jackson palo Alto 's a nice little town . you a Stanford man ? neff use to be . he start patting he pocket as if look for something . jackson I bet you leave something behind . I always do . neff my cigar case . must have leave it in my overcoat back in the section . Jackson take out a small bag of tobacco and a packet of cigarette papers . jackson Care to roll yourself a cigarette , Mr. --? neff dietrichson . thanks . I really prefer cigar . ( look around ) maybe the porter -- jackson I could get you cigar for you . be glad to , Mr. dietrichson . neff that 's darn nice of you . it 's car nine , section eleven . if you be sure it 's not too much trouble . jackson car nine , section eleven . a pleasure . he rise and exit into the parlor car . neff turn slowly and watch Jackson go back through the car . then he move to one side of the platform and look ahead along the track to orientate himself . he give one last glance back into the parlor car to make sure no one be watch he . he slip the crutch from under he arm and stand on both foot . he drop the crutch off the train onto the track , then quickly swing he body over the rail . b-59 ext . moving observation car - camera following neff be hang onto the railing . he look down , then let go and drop to the right - of - way . the camera stop . the train recede slowly into the night . neff have fall on the track . he pick himself up , rub one knee and look back along the line of the track and off to one side . b-60 dark landscape - railroad track Close beyond the edge of the right - of - way , the silhouette of a dump show up . beside it loom the dark bulk of the dietrichson sedan . the headlight blink twice and go out . b-61 neff he start run towards the car . he run a little awkwardly because of the improvise cast on he leave foot . b-62 car in the dark the front door open and Phyllis step out . she close the door and look in the direction of the track . the uneven step of neff run towards she be hear . she open the back door of the car and lean in . she pull the rug off the corpse ( which be not visible ) and stand look into the car , unable to take she eye off what she see , while at the same time she hand mechanically begin to fold the rug . the run step grow louder and neff come into the shot breathe hard . he reach she . neff okay . this have to go fast . take he hat and pick up the crutch . neff point back towards the track . he reach into the car and begin to drag out the body by the armpit . Phyllis coolly reach past he and take the hat off the dead man 's head . she turn to go . neff hang on to that rug . I will need it . Phyllis move out of the shot carry the hat and rug . b-63 neff he get a stronger hold on the dead dietrichson and drag he free of the car and towards the track . the corpse be not see . b-64 phyllis she have reach the point where one of the crutch lie . she pick it up and go for the other crutch a short distance away . she carry both crutch , the hat and the rug towards neff . b-65 neff he have reach the railroad track . the corpse be lie beside the track , face down . Phyllis come up to neff . he take the crutch and the hat from she . he throw the crutch beside the corpse . he take the hat from Phyllis and toss it carelessly along the track . neff let 's go . stay behind I . he take the rug from she and they move back towards the car , Phyllis first , then neff walk almost backwards , sweeping the ground over which the body be drag with the rug as they go . b-66 the car they reach it together . neff get in . you drive . she get in . neff sweep the ground after he as he go around the car to get in beside she . he throw the rug into the back of the car . b-67 int . car Phyllis be behind the wheel . neff beside she be just close the door . he prop he wrap foot against the dashboard and begin to tear off the adhesive tape while at the same time Phyllis press the starter button . the starter grind , but the motor do not catch . she try again . it still do not catch . neff look at she . she try a third time . the starter barely turn over . the battery be very low . Phyllis lean back . they stare at each other desperately . after a moment neff bend forward slowly and turn the ignition key to the off position . he hold he leave thumb poise over the starter button . there be a breathless moment . then he press the starter button with swift decision . the starter grind with nerve-wrack sluggishness . neff twist the ignition key to on and instantly pull the hand - throttle wide open . with a last feeble kick of the starter , the motor catch and race . he ease the throttle down and slide back into he place . they look at each other again . the tenseness of the moment still show in they face . neff let 's go , baby . Phyllis release the hand brake and put the car in reverse . neff be again busy unwrap the tape from he leg . the car move . b-68 dark landscape - with dump the car , with the headlight out , back up , swing around and move off along the dirt road the way it come . dissolve to : b-69 int . sedan - drive along highway in traffic Phyllis and neff face towards camera . neff be bent over , peel the towel and plaster off he foot , which be out of shot . Phyllis be calm , almost relaxed . neff straighten up . they be talk to each other . they lip be see move but what they say be not hear . they stop talk . Phyllis stare straight ahead . neff be pull adhesive tape off the wrap towel that be on he foot . he fold the adhesive into a tight ball , roll the towel up , put both into he pocket . dissolve to : neff.s voice on the way back we go over once more what she be to do at the inquest , if they have one , and about the insurance , when that come up . I be afraid she might go to piece a little , now that we have do it , but she be perfect . no nerve . not a tear , not even a blink of the eye ... b-70 dark STREET near neff.s apt . house the sedan drive into the shot and stop without pull over to the curb . neff.s voice ( cont would ) she drop I a block from my apartment house . the car door open . neff start to get out . phyllis walter . neff turn back to she . phyllis what 's the matter , walter . be not you go to kiss I ? neff sure , I be go to kiss you . Phyllis bend towards he and put she arm around he . phyllis it 's straight down the line , be not it ? Phyllis kiss he . in the kiss he be passive . phyllis I love you , walter . neff I love you , baby . dissolve to : b-71 FIRE stair - ( night ) neff go up . neff.s voice it be two minute past eleven as I go up the fire stair again . nobody see I this time either . dissolve to : b-72 b-73 insert telephone bell box and the door bell . the card be still in position . neff 's hand take they out . neff.s voice ( cont would ) in the apartment I check the bell . the card have not move . no call . no visitor . dissolve to : b-74 live room - neff.s apt . night - electric light on neff come from the bedroom , wear the light grey suit he wear before the murder , only with out a tie . he button he jacket , look around the room , and open the corridor door . neff.s voice I change the blue suit . there be one last thing to do . I want the garage man to see I again . dissolve to : b-75 basement garage - ( night ) Fifteen or twenty car be park now . Charlie , the attendant have wash neff 's car and be now polish the glass and metal work . neff come from the elevator . Charlie see he . he straighten up . charlie you go to need it after all , Mr. neff ? I be about through . neff it 's okay , Charlie . just walk down to the drug store for something to eat . be work upstairs all evening . my stomach 's get sore at I . he walk up the ramp towards the garage entrance . b-76 STREET outside apt . house - ( night ) - shoot toward garage entrance neff come out at the top of the ramp and start to walk down the street , not too fast . camera precede he . he walk about ten or fifteen yard . at first he step sound hard and distinct on the sidewalk and echo in the desert street . but slowly , as he go on , they fade into utter silence . he walk a few foot without sound , then become aware of the silence . he stop rigidly and look back . camera stop with he . he stand like that for a moment , then turn toward the camera again . there be a look of horror on he face now . he walk on , camera ahead of he again . still he step make no sound . neff.s voice that be all there be to it . nothing have slip , nothing have be overlook , there be nothing to give we away . and yet , key , as I be walk down the street to the drug store , suddenly it come over I that everything would go wrong . it sound crazy , key , but it 's true , so help I : I could not hear my own footstep . it be the walk of a dead man . fade out : end of sequence " B " sequence " C " fade in : c-1 neff.s office - night neff sit before the dictaphone . there be four cylinder on end on the desk next to he . he get up from the swivel chair with great effort and stand a moment unsteadily . the wound in he shoulder be pain he . he be very weak as he slowly cross to the water cooler . he take the blood stain handkerchief from inside he shirt and soak it with fresh water . the office door open behind he . he turn , hide the handkerchief behind he back . in the doorway stand the color man who have be clean up downstairs . he be carry he big trash box by a rope handle . colored man do not know anybody be here , Mr. neff . we be not clean you office yet . neff let it go tonight . I be busy . colored man whatever you say , Mr. neff . he close the door slowly , stare at neff with a uneasy expression . neff put the soak handkerchief back on he wounded shoulder , then walk heavily over to he swivel chair and lower himself into it . he take the dictaphone horn and speak into it again . neff that be the longest night I ever live through , key , and the next day be worse , when the story break in the papers , and they be talk about it at the office , and the day after that when you start digging into it . I keep my hand in my pocket because I think they be shaking , and I put on dark glass so people could not see my eye , and then I take they off again so people would not get to wonder why I wear they . I be try to hold myself together , but I could feel my nerve pull I to piece .... dissolve to : c-2 insurance office - twelfth floor - day neff come through the reception room door with he hat on and he briefcase under he arm . he walk towards he office , but half way there he run into key . key be wear he vest and hat , no coat . he be carry a file of papers and smoking a cigar . keye come on , walter . the big boss want to see we . neff okay . he turn and walk beside key , camera ahead of they neff that dietrichson case ? keye must be . neff anything wrong ? keye the guy 's dead , we have he insure and it 's go to cost we money . that 's always wrong . he stop by a majolica jar full of sand and take a pencil from he vest . he stand over the jar extinguish he cigar carefully so as not to damage it . neff what have you get so far ? keye autopsy report . no heart failure , no apoplexy , no predispose medical cause of any kind . he die of a break neck . neff when be the inquest ? keye they have it this morning . his wife and daughter make the identification . the train people and some passenger tell how he go through to the observation car .. it be all over in forty - five minute . verdict , accidental death . key put the half - smoke cigar into he vest pocket with the pencil . they move on . neff what do the police figure ? keye that he get tangle up in he crutch and fall off the train . they be satisfied . it 's not they dough . they stop at a door lettere in emboss chromium letter : edward S. norton , jr. president . key open the door . they go in . c-3 int . reception room - mr. norton's office a secretary sit behind a desk . as key and neff enter , the door to norton 's private office be open . from inside , Mr. norton be let out three legal look gentleman . norton be about forty - five , very well groom , rather pompous in manner . norton ( to the man who be leave ) I believe the legal position be now clear , gentleman . please stand by . I may need you later . he see key and neff . norton come in , Mr. key . you too , Mr. neff . neff have put down he hat and briefcase . he and key pass the legal look man and follow norton into he office . C -4 int . norton's office naturally it be the best office in the building ; modern but not modernistic , spacious , very well furnish ; flower , smoking stand , easy chair , etc . norton have go behind he desk . key have come in , and neff after he close the door quietly . norton look disapprovingly at key ' shirt sleeve . norton you find this a uncomfortably warm day Mr. key ? key take he hat off but hold it in he hand . keye sorry , Mr. norton . I do not know this be formal . norton smile frostily . norton sit down , gentleman . ( to key ) any new development ? key and neff sit down , norton remain stand . keye I just talk to this Jackson long distance . up in medford , Oregon . norton who 's Jackson ? keye the last guy that see dietrichson alive . they be out on the observation platform together talk . dietrichson want a cigar and Jackson go to get dietrichson 's cigar case for he . when he come back to the observation platform , no dietrichson . Jackson do not think anything be wrong until a wire catch up with the train at Santa Barbara . they have find dietrichson 's body on the track near burbank . norton very interesting , about the cigar case . he walk up and down behind he desk think hard . norton anything else ? keye not much . dietrichson 's secretary say she do not know anything about the policy . there be a daughter , but all she remember be neff talk to she father about accident insurance at they house one night . neff I could not sell he at first . Mrs. dietrichson oppose it . he tell I he would think it over . later on I go down to the oil field and close he . he sign the application and give I he check . norton ( dripping with sarcasm ) a fine piece of salesmanship that be , Mr. neff . keye there 's no sense in push neff around . he 's get the best sale record in the office . be you salesmen suppose to know that the customer be go to fall off a train ? norton fall off a train ? be we sure dietrichson fall off the train ? there be a charge pause . keye I do not get it . norton you do not , Mr. key ? then what do you think of this case ? this policy might cost we a great deal of money . as you know , it contain a double indemnity clause . just what be you opinion ? keye no opinion at all . norton not even a hunch ? one of that interesting little hunch of yours ? keye nope . not even a hunch . norton I be surprised , Mr. key . I have form a very definite opinion . I think I know -- in fact I know I know what happen to dietrichson . keye you know you know what ? norton I know it be not a accident . he look from key to neff and back to key . norton what do you say to that ? keye I ? you have get the ball . let 's see you run with it . norton there 's a widespread feel that just because a man have a large office -- the dictograph on he desk buzze . he reach over and depress a key and put the earpiece to he ear . norton ( into dictograph ) yes ?... have she come in , please . he replace the earpiece . he turn back to key and neff . norton -- that just because a man have a large office he must be a idiot . I be have a visitor , if you do not mind . key and neff start to get up . norton no , no . I want you to stay and watch I handle this . the secretary have open the door . secretary Mrs. dietrichson . neff stand stare at the door . he relax with a obvious effort of will . Phyllis come in . she wear a gray tailore suit , small black hat with a veil , black glove , and carry a black bag . the secretary close the door behind she . Mr. norton go to meet she . norton thank you very much for come , Mrs. dietrichson . I assure you I appreciate it . he turn a little towards key . norton this be Mr. key . keye how do you do . phyllis how do you do . norton and Mr. neff . phyllis I have meet Mr. neff . how do you do . norton have place a chair . Phyllis sit . norton go behind he desk . norton Mrs. dietrichson , I assure you of we sympathy in you bereavement . I hesitate before ask you to come here so soon after you loss . Phyllis nod silently . norton but now that you be here I hope you will not mind if I plunge straight into business . you know why we ask you to come , do not you ? phyllis no . all I know be that you secretary make it sound very urgent . key sit quietly in he chair with he leg cross . he have hang he hat on he foot and thrust he thumb in the armhole of he vest . he look a little bored . neff , behind he , stand lean against the false mantel , completely dead -pan . norton you husband have a accident policy with this company . evidently you do not know that , Mrs. dietrichson . phyllis no . I remember some talk at the house -- she look towards neff . phyllis -- but he do not seem to want it . neff he take it out a few day later , Mrs. dietrichson . phyllis I see . norton you will probably find the policy among he personal effect . phyllis his safe deposit box have not be open yet . it seem a tax examiner have to be present . norton please , Mrs. dietrichson , I do not want you to think you be be subject to any question . but there be a few thing we should like to know . phyllis what sort of thing ? norton we have the report of the coroner 's inquest . accidental death . we be not entirely satisfied . in fact we be not satisfied at all . Phyllis look at he coolly . key look vaguely interested . neff be stare straight at Phyllis . norton frankly , Mrs. dietrichson , we suspect suicide . Phyllis do not bat a eyelash . norton I be sorry . would you like a glass of water ? phyllis please . norton Mr. neff . he indicate a thermos on a stand near neff . neff pour a glass of water and carry it over to Phyllis . she have lift she veil a little . she take the glass from he hand . phyllis thank you . they eye meet for a fraction of a second . norton have you husband be moody or depressed lately , Mrs. dietrichson ? do he seem to have financial worry , for instance ? phyllis he be perfectly all right and I do not know of any financial worry . norton there must have be something , Mrs. dietrichson . let we examine this so - call accident . first , you husband take out this policy in absolute secrecy . why ? because he do not want he family to suspect what he intend to do . phyllis do what ? norton commit suicide . next , he go on this trip entirely alone . he have to be alone . he hobble all the way out to the observation platform , very unlikely with he leg in a cast , unless he have a very strong reason . once there , he find he be not alone . there be a man there . what be he name , key ? norton flip he finger impatiently at key who do not even bother to look up . keye his name be Jackson . probably still be . norton Jackson . so you husband get rid of this Jackson with some flimsy excuse about cigar . and then he be alone . and then he do it . he jump . suicide . in which case the company be not liable . ( pause ) you know that , of course . we could go to court -- phyllis I do not know anything . in fact I do not know why I come here . she make as if to rise indignantly . norton just a moment , please . I say we could go to court . I do not say we want to . not only be it against we practice , but it would involve a great deal of expense , a lot of lawyer , a lot of time , perhaps year . Phyllis rise coldly . norton so what I want to suggest be a compromise on both side . a settlement for a certain sum , a part of the policy value -- phyllis do not bother , Mr. norton . when I come in here I have no idea you owed I any money . you tell I you do . then you tell I you do not . now you tell I you want to pay I a part of it , whatever it be . you want to bargain with I , at a time like this . I do not like you insinuation about my husband , Mr. norton , and I do not like you method . in fact I do not like you , Mr. norton . Goodbye , gentleman . she turn and walk out . the door close after she . there be a pregnant pause . key straighten up in he chair . keye Nice go , Mr. norton . you sure carry that ball . norton pour himself a glass of water and stand hold it . keye only you fumble on the goal line . then you heave a illegal forward pass and get throw for a forty - yard loss . now you can not pick yourself up because you have not get a leg to stand on . norton I have not eh ? let she claim . let she sue . we can prove it be suicide . key stand up . keye can we ? Mr. norton , the first thing that hit I be that suicide angle . only I drop it in the wastepaper basket just three second later . you ought to take a look at the statistic on suicide sometime . you might learn a little something about the insurance business . norton I be raise in the insurance business , Mr. key . keye yeah . in the front office . come on , you never read a actuarial table in you life . I have get ten volume on suicide alone . suicide by race , by color , by occupation , by sex , by season of the year , by time of day . suicide , how commit : by poison , by fire - arm , by drown , by leap . suicide by poison , subdivide by type of poison , such as corrosive , irritant , systemic , gaseous , narcotic , alkaloid , protein , and so forth . suicide by leap , subdivide by leap from high place , under wheel of train , under wheel of truck , under the foot of horse , from steamboat . but Mr. norton , of all the case on record there 's not one single case of suicide by leap from the rear end of a move train . and do you know how fast that train be go at the point where the body be find ? Fifteen mile a hour . now how could anybody jump off a slow move train like that with any kind of expectation that he would kill himself ? no soap , Mr. norton . we be sink , and we be go to pay through the nose , and you know it . May I have this ? key ' throat be dry after the long speech . he grab the glass of water out of norton 's hand and drain it in one big gulp . norton be watch he almost stupefy . neff stand with the shadow of a smile on he face . key put the glass down noisily on norton 's desk . keye come on , walter . norton do not move or speak . key put he hat on and cross towards the door , neff after he . with the doorknob in he hand key turn back to norton with a glance down at he own shirt sleeve . keye next time I will rent a tuxedo . they go out . dissolve to : c-5 neff - at dictaphone - ( night ) there be a tired grin on he face as he talk into the horn . neff I could have hugge you right then and there , key , you and you statistic . you be the only one we be really scared of , and instead you be almost play on we team ... dissolve to : c-6 neff.s apartment - evening - almost dark in the room the corridor door open let light in . neff enter with he hat on and he briefcase under he arm . he switch the light on , close the door , put the light on , close the door , put the key in he pocket . at this moment the telephone ring . he pick up the phone . neff.s voice that evening when I get home my nerve have ease off . I could feel the ground under my foot again , and it look like easy go from there on it . neff hello ... hello , baby .... sure , everything be fine ... you be wonderful in norton 's office . c-7 int . telephone booth in a drug store Phyllis be on the phone . she be not dress as in norton 's office . phyllis I feel so funny . I want to look at you all the time . c-8 neff on telephone in he apartment neff how do you think I feel ? where be you , baby ? c-9 phyllis on phone phyllis at the drug store . just a block away . can I come up ? C - 10 neff.s apartment - ( night ) - neff on phone neff okay . but be careful . do not let anybody see you . he hang up , take off he hat and drop hat and briefcase on the davenport . he look around the room and cross to lower the venetian blind and draw the curtain . he gather up the morning paper which be lie untidily on the floor and put it in the waste - paper basket . the door bell ring . neff stop in sudden alarm . it can not be Phyllis . the time be too short . for a second he stand there motionless , then cross to the door and open it . in the open door stand key . neff hello , key . key walk past he into the room . his hand be clasped behind he back . there be a strange , absent - minded look in he eye . neff close the door without take he eye off key . neff what 's on you mind ? key stop in the middle of the room and turn . keye that break leg . the guy break he leg . neff what be you talk about ? keye talk about dietrichson . he have accident insurance , do not he ? then he break he leg , do not he ? neff so what ? keye and he do not put in a claim . why do not he put in a claim ? why ? neff what the dicken be you drive at ? keye walter . there 's something wrong . I eat dinner two hour ago . it stick half way . he prod he stomach with he thumb . keye the little man be act up again . because there 's something wrong with that dietrichson case . neff because he do not put in a claim ? maybe he just do not have time . keye oh maybe he just do not know he be insure . he have stop in front of neff . they look at each other for a tense moment . neff hardly breathes . key shake he head suddenly . keye no . that could not be it . you deliver the policy to he personally , do not you , walter ? and you get he check . neff ( stiff -lipped , but he voice be as well under control as he can manage ) sure , I do . key prod he stomach again . keye get any bicarbonate of soda ? neff no I have not . key resume he pace . keye listen , walter . I have be live with this little man for twenty - six year . he 's never fail I yet . there 's get to be something wrong . neff maybe norton be right . maybe it be suicide , key . keye no . not suicide . ( pause ) but not accident either . neff what else ? there be another longer pause , agonizing for neff . finally key continue : keye look . a man take out a accident policy that be worth a hundred thousand dollar if he be kill on a train . then , two week later , he be kill on a train . and not in a train accident , mind you , but fall off some silly observation car . do you know what the mathematical probability of that be , walter ? one out of I do not know how many billion . and add to that the break leg . it just can not be the way it look , walter . something have be work on we . neff such as what ? key do not answer . he go on pace up and down . finally neff can not stand the silence any longer . neff murder ? keye ( prods stomach again ) do not you have any peppermint or anything ? neff I be sorry . ( pause ) who do you suspect ? keye maybe I like to make thing easy for myself . but I always tend to suspect the beneficiary . neff the wife ? keye yeah . that wide - eye dame that do not know anything about anything . neff you be crazy , key . she be not even on the train . keye I know she be not , walter . I do not claim to know how it be work , or who work it , but I know that it be work . he cross to the corridor door . keye I have get to get to a drug store . it feel like a hunk of concrete inside I . he put he hand on the knob to open the door . C -11 corridor - apartment house - night - light on the hallway be empty except for Phyllis who have be stand close to the door of neff 's apartment , listen . the door have just start to open . Phyllis move away quickly and flatten herself against the wall behind the open door . key be come out . keye good night , walter . neff , behind he , look anxiously down the hallway for Phyllis . suddenly he eye catch a glimpse of she through the crack of the partly open door . he push the door wide so as to hide she from key . neff good night , key . keye see you at the office in the morning . he have reach the elevator . he push the call button and turn . keye but I would like to move in on she right now , tonight , if it be not for norton and he stripe-pant idea about company policy . I would have the cop after she so quick she head would spin . they would put she through the wringer , and , brother , what they would squeeze out . neff only you have not get a single thing to go on , key . the elevator have come up and stop . keye not too much . twenty - six year experience , all the percentage there be , and this lump of concrete in my stomach . he pull back the elevator door and turn to neff with one last glance of annoyance . keye ( almost angrily ) no bicarbonate of soda . key get into the elevator . the door close . the elevator go down . neff stand numb , look at the spot where key be last visible . without move he eye he pull the door around towards he with he leave hand . Phyllis slowly come out . neff motion quickly to she to go into the apartment . she cross in front of he and enter . he step in backwards after she . C - 12 int . neff.s apartment Phyllis have come a few step into the room . neff , back in after she , close the door from inside and turn slowly . they look at each other for a long moment in complete silence . phyllis how much do he know ? neff it 's not what he know . it 's that stinking hunch of he . phyllis but he can not prove anything , can he ? neff not if we be careful . not if we do not see each other for a while . phyllis for how long a while ? she move toward he but he do not respond . neff until all this die down . you do not know key the way I do . once he get he tooth into something he will not let go . he will investigate you . he will have you shadow . he will watch you every minute from now on . be you afraid , baby ? phyllis yes , I be afraid . but not of key . I be afraid of we . we be not the same any more . we do it so we could be together , but instead of that it 's pull we apart . be not it , walter ? neff what be you talk about ? phyllis and you do not really care whether we see each other or not . neff shut up , baby . he pull she close and kiss she . fade out : end of sequence " C " sequence " D " fade in : d-1 insurance office - twelfth floor - anteroom - ( day ) two telephone operator and a receptionist be at work . several visitor be wait in chair . lola dietrichson be one of they . she 's wear a simple black suit and hat , indicate mourn . her finger nervously pick at a handkerchief and she eye be watch the elevator door anxiously . ( now and then the telephone operator in the background be hear say , " pacific all - risk . good afternoon . " ) the elevator come up and the door open . several people come out , among they neff , carry he briefcase . lola see he and stand up , and as he be about to pass through the anteroom without recognize she she stop he . lola hello , Mr. neff . neff look at she a little startle . neff hello . his voice hang in the air . lola lola dietrichson . do not you remember I ? neff ( on he guard ) yes . of course . lola could I talk to you , just for a few minute ? somewhere where we can be alone ? neff sure . come on into my office . he push the swing door open and hold it for she . as she pass in front of he he eye narrow in uneasy speculation . d-2 twelfth floor - balcony neff come up level with lola and lead she towards he office , camera with they . neff be it something to do with -- what happen ? lola yes , Mr. neff . it 's about my father 's death . neff I be terribly sorry , miss dietrichson . he open the door of he office and hold it for she . she enter . d-3 int . neff.s office - ( day ) Lou schwartz , one of the other salesmen , be work at he desk . lola enter , neff after she . neff ( to schwartz ) Lou , do you mind if I use the office alone for a few minute ? schwartz it 's all yours , walter . he get up and go out . lola have walk over to the window and be look out so schwartz will not stare at she . neff place a chair beside he desk . neff wo not you sit down ? at the sound of the close door she turn and speak with a catch in she voice . lola Mr. neff , I can not help it , but I have such a strange feel that there be something queer about my father 's death . neff queer ? queer in what way ? lola I do not know why I should be bother you with my trouble , except that you know my father and know about the insurance he take out . and you be so nice to I that evening in you car . neff sure . we get along fine , do not we . he sit down . his face be grim and watchful . lola look at I , Mr. neff . I be not crazy . I be not hysterical . I be not even cry . but I have the awful feel that something be wrong , and I have the same feel once before -- when my mother die . neff when you mother die ? lola we be up at Lake arrowhead . that be six year ago . we have a cabin there . it be winter and very cold and my mother be very sick with pneumonia . she have a nurse with she . there be just the three of we in the cabin . one night I get up and go into my mother 's room . she be delirious with fever . all the bed cover be on the floor and the window be wide open . the nurse be not in the room . I run and cover my mother up as quickly as I could . just then I hear a door open behind I . the nurse stand there . she do not say a word , but there be a look in she eye I will never forget . two day later my mother be dead . ( pause ) do you know who that nurse be ? neff stare at she tensely . he know only too well who the nurse be . neff no. who ? lola Phyllis . I try to tell my father , but I be just a kid then and he would not listen to I . six month later she marry he and I kind of talk myself out of the idea that she could have do anything like that . but now it 's all back again , now that something have happen to my father , too . neff you be not make sense , miss dietrichson . you father fall off a train . lola yes , and two day before he fall off that train what be Phyllis do ? she be in she room in front of a mirror , with a black hat on , and she be pin a black veil to it , as if she could not wait to see how she would look in mourn . neff look . you have have a pretty bad shock . be not you just imagine all this ? lola I catch she eye in the mirror , and they have that look in they they have before my mother die . that same look . neff you do not like you step - mother , do you ? be not it just because she be you step-mother ? lola I loathe she . because she do it . she do it for the money . only you be not go to pay she , be you , Mr. neff ? she 's not go to get away with it this time . I be go to speak up . I be go to tell everything I know . neff you would better be careful , say thing like that . lola I be not afraid . you will see . she turn again to the window so he will not see that she be cry . neff get up and go to she . lola I be sorry . I do not mean to act like this . neff all this that you have be tell I -- who else have you tell ? lola no one . neff how about you step -mother ? lola of course not . I be not live in the house any more . I move out . neff and you do not tell that boy-friend of yours ? Zachetti. lola I be not see he any more . we have a fight . neff where be you live then ? lola I get myself a little apartment in Hollywood . neff four wall , and you just sit and look at they , huh ? she turn from the window with a pathetic little nod . lola ( through she tear ) yes , Mr. neff . dissolve to : d-4 LA golondrina ( night ) in the foreground , neff and lola be have dinner . in the background the usual activity of olvera Street -- sidewalk peddler , guitar player , etc . neff.s voice so I take she to dinner that evening at a mexican joint down on olvera Street where nobody would see we . I want to cheer she up .. dissolve to : d-5 int . neff.s coupe ( day ) neff and lola drive along the beach near Santa monica . neff be wear a light summer suit , very much in contrast to lola 's mourn . apparently she be tell he a story and now and then she laugh , but there be no sound . camera move past her to a : close shot of neff behind the steering wheel . he be only half listen to lola . his mind be full of other thought . neff.s voice next day be Sunday and we go for a ride down to the beach . she have loosen up a bit and she be even laugh ... I have to make sure she would not tell that stuff about Phyllis to anybody else . it be dynamite , whether it be true or not . and I have no chance to talk to Phyllis . you be watch she like a hawk , key . I could not even phone she for fear you have the wire tapped . d-6 insurance office - 12 th floor - day neff , with he hat on and no briefcase , be walk toward key ' office . as he come up close to the door , he stop with a startle expression on he face . on a chair beside the door sit a familiar figure . he be Jackson , the man from the observation platform of the train . he be wear he stetson hat and smoking a cigar . he be study something in the file folder . neff recognize he immediately but Jackson do not look up . neff control he expression and go on to open the door to key ' office . neff.s voice Monday morning there be a note on my desk that you want to see I , key . for a minute I wonder if it could be about lola . it be worse . outside you door be the last guy in the world I want to see . d-7 int . keye ' office neff be just close the door from the inside . key , he coat off , be lie on he office couch , chew on a cigar , as usual . keye come in . come in , walter . I want to ask you something . after all the year we have know each other , do you mind if I make a rather blunt statement ? neff about what ? keye about I . walter , I be a very great man . this dietrichson business . it 's murder , and murder do not come any neater . as fancy a piece of homicide as anybody ever run into . smart and tricky and almost perfect , but -- key bounce off the couch like a rubber ball . keye but , I think papa have it all figure out , figure out and wrap up in tissue paper with pink ribbon on it . neff I be listen . key level a finger at he . keye you know what ? that guy dietrichson be never on the train . neff he be not ? keye no , he be not , walter . look , you can not be sure of kill a man by throw he off a train that 's go fifteen mile a hour . the only way you can be sure be to kill he first and then throw he body on the track . that would mean either kill he on the train , or -- and this be where it really get fancy -- you kill he somewhere else and put he on the track . two possibility , and I personally buy the second . neff you be way ahead of I , key . keye look , it be like this . they kill the guy -- the wife and somebody else -- and then the somebody else take the crutch and go on the train as dietrichson , and then the somebody else jump off , and then they put the body on the track where the train have pass . a impersonation , see . and a cinch to work . because it be night , very few people be about , they have the crutch to stare at , and they never really look at the man at all . neff it 's fancy all right , key . maybe it 's a little too fancy . keye be it ? I tell you it fit together like a watch . and now let 's see what we have in the way of proof . the only guy that really get a good look at this suppose dietrichson be sit right outside my office . I take the trouble to bring he down here from Oregon . let 's see what he have to say . key go to the door and open it . keye come in , Mr. Jackson . Jackson enter with the file folder . jackson yes sir , Mr. key . this be fine cigar you smoke . he indicate the cigar he himself be smoking . keye two for a quarter . jackson that 's what I say . keye never mind the cigar , Jackson . do you study that photograph ? what do you say ? jackson yes , indeed , I study they thoroughly . very thoroughly keye well ? do you make up you mind ? jackson Mr. key , I be a medford man . medford , Oregon . up in medford we take we time make up we mind -- keye well you be not in medford now . I be in a hurry . let 's have it . Jackson indicate the file folder he be hold . jackson be this photograph of the late Mr. dietrichson ? keye yes . jackson then my answer be no . keye what do you mean no ? jackson I mean this be not the man that be on the train . keye will you swear to that ? jackson I be a medford man . medford , Oregon . and if I say it , I mean it , and if I mean it , of course I will swear it . keye thank you . key turn to neff . keye there you be , walter . there 's you proof . key remember he forget to introduce Jackson . keye oh , Mr. Jackson , this be Mr. neff , one of we salesmen . jackson please to meet you , Mr. neff . please indeed . neff how do you do . jackson very fine , thank you . never be better . keye Mr. Jackson , how would you describe the man you see on that observation platform ? jackson well , I be pretty sure he be a young man , about ten or fifteen year young than the man in this photograph . keye dietrichson be about fifty , be not he , walter ? neff fifty-one , accord to the policy . jackson the man I see be nothing like fifty - one year old . of course , it be pretty dark on that platform and , come to think of it , he try to keep he back towards I . but I be positive just the same . keye that 's fine , Jackson . now you understand this matter be strictly confidential . we may need you again down here in Los Angeles , if the case come to court . jackson any time you need I , I be at you entire disposal , gentleman . expense pay , of course . key pick up the telephone on he desk and speak into it . keye get I lubin , in the cashier 's office . meanwhile , Jackson cross over to neff and , during the ensue dialogue between he and neff , we hear key ' low voice on the phone in background . we do not hear what he say . jackson ( to neff ) ever be in medford , Mr. neff ? neff never . jackson wait a minute . do you go trout fishing ? maybe I see you up klamath Falls way . neff nope . never fish . jackson neff . neff . I have get it ! it 's the name . there 's a family of neff in corvallis . neff no relation . jackson let I see . this man 's a automobile dealer in corvallis . very reputable man , too , I be tell . key rejoin they at this point . keye all right , Mr. Jackson . suppose you go down to the cashier 's office -- room twenty - seven on the eleventh floor . they will take care of you expense account and you ticket for the train tonight . jackson tonight ? tomorrow morning would suit I better . there 's a very good osteopath down here I want to see before I leave . key have open the door for Jackson . keye okay , Mr. Jackson . just do not put she on the expense account . Jackson do not get it . jackson Goodbye , gentleman . a pleasure . he go out . keye there it be , walter . it 's beginning to come apart at the seam already . a murder 's never perfect . it always come apart sooner or later . and when two people be involved it 's usually sooner . we know the dietrichson dame be in it , and somebody else . pretty soon we be go to know who that somebody else be . he will show . he 's get to show . sometime , somewhere , they have get to meet . they emotion be all kick up . whether it 's love or hate do not matter . they can not keep away from each other . they think it 's twice as safe because there be two of they . but it 's not twice as safe . it 's ten time twice as dangerous . they have commit a murder and that 's not like take a trolley ride together where each one can get off at a different stop . they be stick with each other . they have get to ride all the way to the end of the line . and it 's a one - way trip , and the last stop be the cemetery . he put a cigar in he mouth and start tapping he pocket for match . keye ( continue ) she put in she claim and I be go to throw it right back at she . ( pat he pocket again ) have you get one of that ? neff strike a match for he . key take the match out of he hand and light he cigar . keye let she sue we if she dare . I will be ready for she -- and that somebody else . they will be digging they own grave . dissolve to : d-8 telephone booth in jerry's market - day neff be in the booth dial a number , and as she wait he look around to make sure he be not watch . neff ( into phone ) Mrs. dietrichson ?... this be Jerry 's market . we just get in a shipment of that English soap you be ask about . will you be come by this morning ?... thank you , Mrs. dietrichson . neff hang up . dissolve to : d-9 ext . jerry's market - day the lasalle stop in front of the market . Phyllis step out and go into the market , look around . d-10 shelve in the rear of market neff be move slowly along the shelf , outwardly calm but with he nerve on edge . from beyond he Phyllis approach . she stop beside he , face the same way , with a couple of foot separate they . phyllis hello , walter . neff ( in a harsh whisper ) come closer . Phyllis move close to he . phyllis what 's the matter ? neff everything 's the matter . key be rejecting you claim . he 's sit back with he mouth water , wait for you to sue . he want you to sue . but you be not go to . phyllis what 's he get to stop I ? neff he 's get the goods . he 's figure out how it be work . he know it be somebody else on the train . he 's dig up a witness he think will prove it . phyllis prove it how ? listen , if he reject that claim , I have to sue . neff yeah ? and then you be in court and a lot of other thing be go to come up . like , for instance , about you and the first Mrs. dietrichson . Phyllis look at he sharply , sideways . phyllis what about I and the first Mrs. dietrichson ? neff the way she die . and about that black hat you be try on -- before you need a black hat . a customer come along the aisle toward they . they move apart . the customer pass . Phyllis draw close again . phyllis walter , lola 's be tell you some of she cockey storey . she 's be see you . neff I have be see she , if you want to know . so she will not yell she head off about what she know . phyllis yes , she 's be put on a act for you , cry all over you shoulder , that lie little -- neff keep she out of it . all I be tell you be we be not go to sue . phyllis because you do not want the money any more , even if you could get it ? because she 's make you feel like a heel all of sudden . neff it be not the money any more . it 's we neck now . we be pull out , understand . phyllis because of what key can do ? you be not fool I , walter . it 's because of lola . what you do to she father . you can not take it that she might find out some day . neff I say , leave she out of it . phyllis walter , it 's I I be talk about . I do not want to be leave out of it . neff stop say that . it 's just that it have not work out the way we want . we can not have the money . we can not go through with it , that 's all . phyllis we have go through with it , walter . the tough part be all behind we . we just have to hold on now and not go soft inside , and stick together , close , the way we start out . Phyllis take he arm , forget where she be . he pull away . neff watch it , will you . someone 's come . one of the market help , push a small hand - truck load with package goods , come along the aisle . he stop and begin to restock a shelf very close to neff and Phyllis . they go off slowly in opposite direction . camera pan with neff as he walk toward another shelf , one that stand away from the wall . Phyllis appear on the opposite side of the shelf and stop , face toward he . they now continue they low-voice dialogue through the pile - up merchandise . phyllis I love you , walter . and I hate he . but I be not go to do anything about it , not until I meet you . it be you have the plan . I only want he dead . neff yeah , and I be the one that fix he so he be dead . be that what you be tell I ? Phyllis take off she dark glass for the first time and look at he with cold , hard eye . phyllis yes . and nobody 's pull out . we go into it together , and we be come out at the end together . it 's straight down the line for both of we , remember . Phyllis put the glass on again and go . over neff 's face , as he look after she , come the commentary . neff.s voice yeah . I remember all right . just as I remember what you have tell I , key , about that trolley car ride and how there be no way to get off -- until the end of the line . dissolve to : d- 11 int . neff.s office - ( night ) neff be dictating into the dictaphone . neff yeah , I remember it all right . just as I remember what you have tell I , key , about that trolley car ride , and how there be no way to get off until the end of the line , where the cemetery be . and I get to think what cemetery be for . they be to put dead people in , I guess that be the first time I ever think about Phyllis that way . Dead , I mean , and how thing would be if she be dead . because the way it be now she have I by the throat . she could hang I higher than a kite any day she feel like it . and there be nothing I could do , except hold my breath and watch that day come closer and closer , and maybe pray a little , if I still know how to pray ... I see lola three or four time that week . I guess it sound crazy , key , after what I have do , but it be only with she that I could relax and let go a little . then one night we drive up into the hill above Hollywood bowl ... dissolve to : d-12 hollywood hill ( night ) ( transparency ) neff and lola be climb over a low hill in the foreground . the sky be starlit and music from the bowl come over the scene from below ( Cesar franck D minor symphony ) . as he help she climb up , camera pan with they and show the expanse of the bowl below , a pack audience , and the orchestra on the light shell . they sit down on the grass . neff sit near she , not too close . it be very dark and they be silhouett against the shell light . neff put a cigarette in he mouth and strike a match . the flame light up lola 's face . neff glance at she . she be cry . he light he cigarette and blow out the match . a pause follow . neff why be you cry ? lola do not answer . neff you will not tell I ? lola ( in a choke voice ) of course I will , walter . I would not tell anybody else but you . it 's about nino . neff Zachetti ? what about he ? lola they kill my father together . he and Phyllis . he help she do it . I know he do . neff what make you say that ? lola I have be follow he . he 's at she house , night after night . it be Phyllis and he all the time . maybe he be go with I just for a blind . and the night of the murder -- neff you promise not to talk that way any more . lola -- he be suppose to pick I up after a lecture at u.c.l.a. -- but he never show up . he say he be sick . sick ! he could not show up , because the train be leave with my father on it . she begin to cry again . lola maybe I be just crazy . maybe it 's all just in my mind . neff sure , it 's all in you mind . lola I only wish it be , walter , because I still love he . over neff 's face , as he listen to the music , come the commentary . dissolve to : d-13 lobby of pacific bldg . ( day ) neff.s voice Zachetti . that 's funny . Phyllis and Zachetti . what be he do up at she house ? I could not figure that one out I try to make sense out of it and get nowhere . but the real brain-twister come the next day . you spring it on I , key , after office hour , when you catch I down in the lobby of the building . about 5:00 p.m. or a little later . a stream of office employee be come out of a elevator ; a second elevator reach the lobby and some more office employee come out , among they neff , wear he hat and carry he briefcase . camera precede he as he walk toward the entrance door . he be stop by key ' voice , off to one side . keye ' voice oh , walter , just a minute . neff stop and look towards the cigar counter , as he move towards he . key be stand there buy cigar . he be stuff they into he pocket . neff hello , key . keye hang onto you hat , walter . neff what for ? keye nothing much . the dietrichson case just bust wide open . neff how do you mean ? keye the guy show . that 's how . neff the somebody else ? keye yeah . the guy that do it with she . neff no kid ? keye she 's file suit against we , and it 's okay by I . when we get into that courtroom I will tear they apart , both of they . come on -- I will buy you a martini . neff no thanks , key . keye with two olive . neff I have get to get a shave and a shoeshine . I have get a date . keye margie . I still bet she drink from the bottle . he bite off the end of the cigar and put the cigar into he mouth . he start tapping he pocket for a match , as usual . neff strike a match for he . neff they give you match when they sell you cigar , key . all you have to do be ask for they . keye I do not like they . they always explode in my pocket . so long , walter . key go toward the street and out of scene . neff move back into the lobby , camera following he . as he reach the elevator , he look back over he shoulder , to make sure key be go , then step into the empty elevator . neff.s voice you sure have I worried , key . I do not know if you be play cat - and - mouse with I , whether you know all along I be the somebody else . that 's what I have to find out , and I think I know where to look ... neff ( to elevator operator ) twelve . dissolve to : d-14 entrance - office . 12 th floor reception room ( day ) neff come out of the elevator . the receptionist be just tidy up she desk . she have she hat on and be prepare to leave . neff pass on through the swinging door to the twelfth floor balcony . neff.s voice upstair , the last of the people be just leave . d-15 12 th floor balcony neff enter from the reception room . a couple of belate employee be leave for the day . neff go toward key ' office , look around to make sure he be unobserve , enter . neff.s voice I make sure nobody see I go into you office . d- 16 keye ' office ( day ) neff have just come in . he go over to key ' desk and search the papers on it . he try the desk drawer and find they lock . his eye fall on the dictaphone on the stand beside the desk . a record be on it , the needle be about two - third of the way towards the end . he lift the needle and set it back to the beginning of the record , set the switch to playback position . he lift the arm off the bracket and start the machine . key ' voice be hear come from the horn : keye ' voice ( from dictaphone ) memo to Mr. norton . confidential . dietrichson file . with regard to you proposal to put walter neff under surveillance , I disagree absolutely . I have investigate he movement on the night of the crime , and he be definitely place in he apartment from 7:15 p.m. on . in addition to this , I have know neff intimately for eleven year , and I personally vouch for he , without reservation ... neff stop the machine . he sit down slowly , still hold the horn . he be deeply move . after a moment , he press the switch again . keye ' voice ( from dictaphone ) ... furthermore , no connection whatsoever have be establish between walter neff and Mrs. Phyllis dietrichson , whereas I be now able to report that such a connection have be establish between she and another man . this man have be observe to visit the dietrichson home on the night of July 9th , 10th , 11th , 12th and 13th . we have succeed in identify he as one nino Zachetti , former medical student , age twenty - eight , reside at lilac Court Apartments 1228  n. La brea Avenue . we have check Zachetti 's movement on the night of the crime and have find that they can not be account for . I be prepare a more detailed report for you consideration and it be my belief that we already have sufficient evidence against Zachetti and Mrs. dietrichson to justify police action . I strongly urge that this whole matter be turn over to the office of the District Attorney . respectfully , Barton key . neff sit , stare blankly at the wall . the cylinder go on revolve , but no more voice come -- only the whir of the needle on the empty record . at last he remember to replace the horn . he hang it back on its hook . the machine stop . neff get up from the chair , walk slowly to the door and go out . d-17 12 th floor , balcony neff have just come out of key ' office . he walk slowly back towards the reception room entrance , then stand there look out through the glass door . all the employee have now leave . neff be entirely alone . he move as if to go out , then stop rigidly as he face light up with excitement of a sudden idea . he turn quickly and walk on to he own office and enter . d- 18 neff.s office ( day ) neff walk across to he desk , lift the telephone and dial a number . ( during the ensue telephone conversation , only what he say be hear . the pause indicate speech at the other end of the line ) . neff Phyllis ? walter . I have get to see you ... tonight ... yes , it have to be tonight ... how 's eleven o'clock ? do not worry about key . he 's satisfied ... leave the door on the latch and put the light out . no , nobody 's watch the house ... I tell you key be satisfied . it 's just for the neighbor ... that 's what I say . yeah . eleven o'clock . Goodbye , baby . neff hang up and stand beside the desk with a grim expression on he face , take a handkerchief out and wipe perspiration from he forehead and the palm of he hand . the gesture have a symbolic quality , as if he be try to wipe away the murder . over he face come the commentary . dissolve to : neff.s voice I guess I do not have to tell you what I be go to do at eleven o'clock , key . for the first time I see a way to get clear of the whole mess I be in , and of Phyllis , too , all at the same time . yeah , that 's what I think . but what I do not know be that she be all set for I . that she have outsmart I again , just like she always have ... d-19 hall stairway of dietrichson home ( night ) the light be turn on . Phyllis be come down the stair . she wear white loung pajamas , and she be carry something small and heavy conceal in a scarf in she right hand . she reach the front door , open it slightly , fix the catch so that the door can be open from outside . she switch off the porch light and the hall light . she move towards the live room , where there be still light on . neff.s voice she be all set and wait for I . it could have be something in my voice when I call she up that tip she off . and it could have be that she have the idea already . and a idea be not the only thing she have wait for I . d- 20 live room on the long table behind the davenport , one of the lamp be light . the only other light in the room be a stand lamp beside the desk . a window toward the back be open , and through it come the sound of music , probably a neighbor radio . Phyllis enter and cross to the table . she put out the lamp , then move over to the desk and put out the lamp there . the room be fill with bright moonlight come in at the window . Phyllis cross to the chair by the fireplace ( the one she sit in the first time neff come to the house ) . she lift the loose cushion and put what be in the scarf behind it . as she withdraw the scarf , there be a brief glint of something metallic before she cover the hide object with the cushion again . she turn to the low table in front of the davenport and take a cigarette from the box . she take a match and be about to strike it when , just then , she hear a car come up the hill . she listen , motionless . the car stop . a car door be slam . calmly , Phyllis strike the match and light she cigarette . she drop the match casually into a tray , go back to the chair , sit down and wait , quietly smoking . there be footstep outside the house . over the chair in which Phyllis be sit , the hallway be visible through the arch . the front door open . neff come in , he be silhouett against the moonlight as he stand there . he close the door again . phyllis ( in foreground ) in here , walter . neff come through the arch and walk slowly towards she . neff hello , baby . anybody else in the house ? phyllis nobody . why ? neff what 's that music ? phyllis a radio up the street . neff sit down on the arm of the davenport , close to she . neff just like the first time I be here . we be talk about automobile insurance . only you be think about murder . and I be think about that anklet . phyllis and what be you think about now ? neff I be all through think . this be goodbye . phyllis Goodbye ? where be you go ? neff it 's you that 's go , baby . not I . I be get off the trolley car right at this corner . phyllis suppose you stop be fancy . let 's have it , whatever it be . neff I have a friend who 's get a funny theory . he say when two people commit a murder they be kind of on a trolley car , and one can not get off without the other . they be stick with each other . they have to go on riding clear to the end of the line . and the last stop be the cemetery . phyllis maybe he 's get something there . neff you bet he have , two people be go to ride to the end of the line , all right . only I be not go to be one of they . I have get another guy to finish my ride for I . phyllis so you have get it all arrange , walter . neff you arrange it for I . I do not have to do a thing . phyllis just who be you talk about ? neff a acquaintance of yours . a Mr. Zachetti . come on , baby , I just get into this because I know a little something about insurance , do not I ? I be just a sucker . I would have be brush - off as soon as you get you hand on the money . phyllis what be you talk about ? neff save it . I be tell this . it 's be you and that Zachetti guy all along , have not it ? phyllis that 's not true . neff it do not make any difference whether it 's true or not . the point be key believe Zachetti be the guy he 's be look for . he will have he in that gas chamber before he know what happen to he . phyllis and what 's happen to I all this time ? neff do not be silly . what do you expect to happen to you ? you help he do the murder , do not you ? that 's what key think . and what 's good enough for key be good enough for I . phyllis maybe it 's not good enough for I . walter . maybe I do not go for the idea . maybe I would rather talk . neff sometimes people be where they can not talk . under six foot of dirt , for instance . and if it be you , they would just charge it up to Zachetti , would not they . one more item on he account . sure they would . that 's just what they be go to do . especially since he 's come here , tonight ... oh , in about fifteen minute from now , baby . with the cop right behind he . it 's all take care of . phyllis and that would make everything lovely for you , would not it ? neff right . and it 's get to be do before that suit of yours come to trial , and lola get a chance to sound off , and they trip you up on the stand , and you start to fold up and drag I down with you . phyllis listen , walter . maybe I have Zachetti here so they will not get a chance to trip I up . so we can get that money and be together . neff that 's cute . say it again . phyllis he come here the first time just to ask where lola be . I make he come back . I be work on he . he 's crazy sort of guy , quick -tempere . I keep hammer into he that she be with another man , so he would get into one of he jealous rage , and then I would tell he where she be . and you know what he would have do to she , do not you , walter . neff yeah , and for once I believe you . because it 's just rotten enough . phyllis we be both rotten , walter . neff only you be just a little more rotten . you be rotten clear through . you get I to take care of you husband , and then you get Zachetti to take care of lola , and maybe take care of I too , and then somebody else would have come along to take care of Zachetti for you . that 's the way you operate be not it , baby . phyllis suppose it be , walter . be what you have cook up for tonight any better ? neff get up from the davenport . he listen to the music for a moment . neff I do not like this music anymore . it 's too close . do you mind if I shut the window ? Phyllis just stare at he . he go quietly over to the window and shut it and draw the curtain . Phyllis speak to he back : phyllis ( her voice low and urgent ) walter ! neff turn , something change in he face . there be the report of a gun . he stand motionless for a moment , then very slowly start towards she . camera be shoot over he shoulder at Phyllis as she stand with the gun in she hand . neff stop after he have take a few step . neff what 's the matter ? why do not you shoot again ? maybe if I come a little closer ? neff take a few more step towards she and stop again . neff how 's that . do you think you can do it now ? Phyllis be silent . she do not shoot . her expression be torture . neff go on until he be close to she . quietly he take the gun out of she unresist hand . neff why do not you shoot , baby ? Phyllis put she arm around he in complete surrender . neff do not tell I it 's because you have be in love with I all this time . phyllis no . I never love you , walter . not you , or anybody else . I be rotten to the heart . I use you , just as you say . that 's all you ever mean to I -- until a minute ago . I do not think anything like that could ever happen to I . neff I be sorry , baby . I be not buy . phyllis I be not ask you to buy . just hold I close . neff draw she close to he . she reach up to he face and kiss he on the lip . as she come out of the kiss there be realization in she eye that this be the final moment . neff Goodbye , baby . out of the shot the gun explode once , twice . Phyllis quiver in he arm . her eye fill with tear . her head fall limp against he shoulder . slowly he lift she and carry she to the davenport . he lay she down on it carefully , almost tenderly . the moonlight come in at the french door shine on the anklet . he look at it for the last time and slowly turn away . as he do so , he put he hand inside he coat and it come out with blood on it . only then be it apparent that Phyllis ' shot actually do hit he . he look at the blood on he finger with a daze expression and quickly go out of the room , the way he come . d- 21 ext . dietrichson home - ( night ) neff come out of the house . he close the front door with he right hand . his leave arm hang limp . he take a few step down the walk , then suddenly hear somebody approach . he move behind the palm tree near the walk . a man come up the step towards the front door -- Zachetti . just as he reach the door , neff call to he . neff hey you . come here a minute . I say come here , Zachetti . Zachetti turn and approach he slowly . neff the name be neff . zachetti yeah ? and I still do not like it . what do you want ? neff look , kid , I want to give you a present . he take some loose change out of he pocket and hold out a coin . neff here 's a nice new nickel . zachetti what 's the gag ? neff suppose you go back down the hill to a drug store and make a phone call . neff start to drop the nickel into Zachetti 's handkerchief pocket . Zachetti knock he hand away . zachetti keep you nickel and buy yourself a ice cream cone . neff the number be granite 0386 . ask for miss dietrichson . the first name be lola . zachetti lola ? she be not worth a nickel . and if I ever talk to she , it 's not go to be over any telephone . neff tough , be not you ? take the nickel . take it and call she . she want you to . zachetti yeah ? she do not want any part of I . neff I know who tell you that , and it 's not true . she 's in love with you . always have be . do not ask I why . I could not even guess . Zachetti just stare at he . neff move again to put the nickel into Zachetti 's pocket . this time Zachetti allow he to do it . neff now beat it . granite 0386 , I tell you . he motion toward the street below . neff that way . Zachetti go slowly past he . neff grab he and push he almost violently down the walk . Zachetti go out of shot . the sound of he step die away as neff look after he . then , far off in the distance , the siren of a police car be hear . neff move off through the shrubbery toward the side of the house where he park he car . dissolve to : D - 22 neff.s office - ( night ) the desk lamp be still light . outside the window , the dawn be slowly break . neff be still clutching the horn of the dictaphone . there be eight or nine use cylinder on the desk beside he . a widen stain of blood show on the leave shoulder of he gray jacket . he be very weak by now , and he voice hold a note of utter exhaustion . neff it 's almost four-thirty now , key . it 's cold . I wonder if she 's still lie there alone in that house , or whether they have find she by now . I wonder a lot of thing , but they do not matter any more , except I want to ask you to do I a favor . I want you to be the one to tell lola , kind of gently , before it break wide open ... yes , and I would like you to look after she and that guy Zachetti , so he do not get push around too much . because ... suddenly he stop he dictation with a instinctive feel that he be not alone in the room . as he turn in he chair the camera pull back slowly . the office door be wide open . key be stand a few step inside it . behind he , on the balcony outside , stand the night watchman and the color janitor , peer curiously into the room over key ' shoulder . slowly , and without take he eye off neff 's face , key reach back and push the door shut . neff hang up the dictaphone horn . he look at key with a faint , tired grin and speak very slowly . neff hello , key . key move towards he a few step and stand without answer . neff up pretty early , be not you ? I always wonder what time you get down to work . key , stare at he , still do not answer . neff or do you little man pull you out of bed ? keye the janitor do . seem you leak a little blood on the way in here . neff would not be surprised . neff make a motion indicate the use cylinder stand on the desk . neff I want to straighten out that dietrichson story for you . keye so I gather . neff how long have you be stand there ? keye Long enough . neff kind of a crazy story with a crazy twist to it . one you do not quite figure out . keye you can not figure they all , walter . neff that 's right . you can not , can you ? and now I suppose I get the big speech , the one with all the two - dollar word in it . let 's have it , key . keye you be all wash up , walter . neff thanks , key . that be short anyway . they stare at each other for a long moment , then , with intense effort neff get up on he foot and stand there sway a little . his face be cover with sweat . his shoulder be bleed . he be on the verge of collapse . keye walter , I be go to call a doctor . neff ( bitterly ) what for ? so they can patch I up ? so they can nurse I along till I be back on my foot ? so I can walk under my own power into that gas chamber up in San quentin ? be that it , key ? keye something like that , walter . neff well , I have get a different idea . look here . suppose you go back to bed and do not find this cylinder till tomorrow morning , when the office open . from then on you can play it any way you like . would you do that much for I , key ? keye give I one good reason . neff I need four hour to get where I be go . keye you be not go anywhere , walter . neff you bet I be . I be go across the border . keye you have not get a chance . neff good enough to try for . keye you will never make the border . neff that 's what you think . watch I . neff start to move towards the door , staggering a little , hold himself upright with great effort . keye ( in a voice of stony calm ) you will never even make the elevator . neff have reach the door . he twist the knob and drag the door open . he turn in it to look back at key ' implacable face . neff so long , key . neff go out , leave the door wide open . the camera follows he staggering walk along the balcony toward the elevator lobby . the sound of he breathe be so harsh and loud that for a moment it dominate the scene . finally he reach the swing door lead into the lobby and start to push they open . at this moment he collapse . he clutches the edge of the door and as it swing around with he he fall to the floor . he try to struggle up but cannot rise . in background come the sound of a telephone be dial . keye ' voice hello ... send a ambulance to the Pacific Building on olive Street ... yeah ... it 's a police job . there be the sound of the phone be replace in its cradle . then there be footstep grow louder along the balcony and key walk slowly into the shot . he kneel down beside neff . keye how you do , walter ? neff manage a faint smile . neff I be fine . only somebody move the elevator a couple of mile away . keye they be on the way . neff ( slowly and with great difficulty ) you know why you do not figure this one , key ? let I tell you . the guy you be look for be too close . he be right across the desk from you . keye closer than that , walter . the eye of the two man meet in a moment of silence . neff I love you too . neff fumble for the handkerchief in key ' pocket , pull it out and clumsily wipe he face with it . the handkerchief drop from he hand . he get a loose cigarette out of he pocket and put it between he lip . then with great difficulty he get out a match , try to strike it , but be too weak . key take the match out of he hand , strike it for he and light he cigarette . fade out : the end the follow page be for a alternate end that director billy wilder actually shot but later decide against . keye they be on the way . neff ( slowly and with great difficulty ) you know why you do not figure this one , key ? let I tell you . the guy you be look for be too close . he be right across the desk from you . keye closer than that , walter . the eye of the two man meet in a moment of silence . neff I love you too . neff fumble for the handkerchief in key ' pocket , pull it out and clumsily wipe he face with it . then , clutching the handkerchief against he shoulder , he speak to key for the last time . neff at the end of that ... trolley line ... just as I get off ... you be there ... to say goodbye ... will you , key ? fade out : end of sequence " D " sequence " E " fade in : e-1 witness room in death chamber - san quentin ( day ) show the witness room and approximately one- half of the gas chamber . boom shot towards guard stand back to camera at entrance door . except for this guard the room be empty . Guard open the door . two other guard enter , follow by a group of witness and newspaper man , each of whom remove he hat as he enter the room . they form a group around the outside of the gas chamber , some look in through the glass window , some stand in the background on low platform against the wall . the camera slowly begins to move in and down , and center on key , as he enter the room and stand behind the door . his face be see through the bar of the door , which be then close , and camera move to a closeup . his eye follow the action of the close door , then slowly look towards the gas chamber . e-2 the gas chamber , empty on its window show reflection of the spectator , include the face of key . the door to the gas chamber open in the background , and beyond that another door open . neff come in between two guard . he be wear a white open- neck shirt , blue denim pants , and walk barefoot on a cocoanut matting . he move into the gas chamber , look through the window in the direction of key and nod quickly , recognize he . the guard turn he around and seat he in one of the two metal chair , with he back to the witness . they strap he arm , leg and body to the chair . the guard go out . e-3 the door to the gas chamber it be open . the three guard come out of the gas chamber into the ante-chamber , where stand the warden , executioner , two doctor , the minister and the acid man , and possibly several guard . the executioner and one guard close the door . the guard spin the big wheel which tighten it . the wheel at first turn very quickly , then , as it tighten , the guard use considerable force to seal the chamber tight . the guard step out of the shot . the gas chamber be now seal . e-4 the witness and keye they be intently watch neff in the gas chamber . e-5 the ante -chamber the warden look slowly around the room , see that everyone be in he proper place and that the stethoscope , which one doctor hold , be connect with the outlet in the wall of the gas chamber . also that the man in charge of the acid be ready . the warden make a motion to the acid man . the acid man release the mix acid into a pipe connect with a countersunk receptacle under neff 's chair . ( this action be only suggest ) . the warden look at the clock , then turn to the executioner and nod . e-6 the executioner - mo . shot - camera shoot down from high angle toward executioner he push a metal lever . ( this immerse the pellet of cyanide in the acid under the chair . ) e-7 int . gas chamber - mo . shot camera be shoot above neff 's head ( just out of shot ) , towards spectator stand outside the gas chamber , key in the center . Gas float up into scene between camera and spectator . key , unable to watch , look away . e-8 the first doctor - close shot as he listen on stethoscope connect with the gas chamber . he glance at the clock above he head . e-9 the second doctor - close shot he stand to right of the gas chamber door , take note on a pad . he glance towards first Doctor ( out of scene ) and look through venetian blind into the gas chamber . the acid man stand near he . e-10 the first doctor camera shoot from high angle toward he as he listen on stethoscope . the doctor glance at the clock again . he take he stethoscope from he ear . he nod to the warden , this indicate that the man be dead . camera pan with warden as he turn to open the door connect the ante-chamber with the witness room . e-11 the witness room - long shot from high on boom down on witness grouped around gas chamber the door connect with the ante-chamber open . a guard come through . guard that 's all , gentleman , vacate the chamber , please . the guard withdraw and close the door by which he enter . the witness slowly start to file out . a guard have open the outer door . the witness put they hat on as they pass through . a few go close to the window of the gas chamber to look in at the dead man before they leave . all the witness have now leave , except key , who stand , shocked and tragic , beyond the door . the guard go to he and touch he arm , indicate to he that he must leave . key glance for the last time towards the gas chamber and slowly move to go out . e-12 corridor outside the death chamber camera shoot in through the OPEN door at keye , who be just turn to leave . key come slowly out into the dark , narrow corridor . his hat be on he head now , he overcoat be pull around he loosely . he walk like a old man . he take eight or ten step , then mechanically reach a cigar out of he vest pocket and put it in he mouth . his hand , in the now familiar gesture , begin to pat he pocket for match . suddenly he stop , with a look of horror on he face . he stand rigid , press a hand against he heart . he take the cigar out of he mouth and go slowly on towards the door , camera panning with he . when he have almost reach the door , the guard station there throw it wide , and a blaze of sunlight come in from the prison yard outside . key slowly walk out into the sunshine . stiffly , he head bent , a forlorn and lonely man . fade out : the end