the boondock Saints script by Troy duffy " the boondock saint " a original motion picture screenplay by troy duffy shoot script : White August 28 , 1997 page Blue July 9 , 1998 page pink July 13 , 1998 page yellow July 27 , 1998 page Green August 12 , 1998 ( 5_5a ,6,7,26,40,42,52_2A,55,68,72,73,74,76,77,89,93,102,103 , 104,104a,111,114,117,118 ) registered wgaw troy duffy int . gothic church 10:00 a.m. ST . patrick day downtown boston as we open we see the inside of a enormous church . a young look priest in he mid-thirty be finish the delivery of the lordus prayer . in the back of the church , in the last pew , there be two who kneel on the cold , stone floor . they do not stand to sing , nor do they offer sign of peace when tell , but they pray . they grip and rub they rosary . they mutter they word in Latin . connor and murphy macmanus ( mid-twenty ) be shroud in thick waist length navy p-coat , wear leather boot and the hungry clothes of the poor . the boy head be shave and they have facial hair . monsignor ( dismiss young priest ) thank you Father macklepenny , for come all the way across town to be we guest speaker today . I hope you find we little parish to you like . macklepenny take he seat on the alter along side the regular priest of the church . the macmanus brother suddenly stand , as all other remain seat . each church goer between they and the aisle shift he / she position to allow the boy passage , as if on command . the two turn and begin to stride for the alter , eye down , determine . annabelle macmanus ( v.o . ) ( thick irish accent ) they have never be like anyone else . from the moment they be bear , of the same womb , on the same day , they just have they own way , my boy do . and I always know that one day they would do something of true greatness . I just never expect they would bring about such a ... such a reckoning . the macmanus brother be fraternal twin . as annabelle macmanus speak , macklepenny be take aback as he scan the congregation amaze to find that he be the only one who think this out of the ordinary . the monsignor begin he sermon . macklepenny rise to stop the boy from this disgraceful disturbance . the elder clergyman find macklepenny 's arm , keep he seat while shaking he head . macklepenny 's confusion give way to awe as he watch the brother step onto the altar , brush by the six seat priest , and approach the enormous crucifix . they both fall to they knee and kiss the foot of Christ . they rise and as abruptly as they come , they turn and head back down the aisle for the front door . they stop at the rear of the church , turn to listen to the sermon . monsignor ( loud , authoritative ) ... and I be remind of this holy day of the sad story of Kitty geneviese . this poor soul cry out time and time again for help but no person answer she call . though many see , not one so much as call . her assailant wipe the bloody knife off on she lifeless little body . they watch as he simply walk away . nobody want to get involved . nobody want to take a stand ... we must fear evil man and deal with they accordingly but what we must truly guard against , what we must fear most ( beat ) be the indifference of good man . the macmanuse turn and walk out the door . ext . church step sunny morning the boy put on they dark glass and pause at the top of the step to light up they cigarettes . they both roll they cigarette butt along they tongue and screw they into they lip . in this unique way they light up , seemingly oblivious to they synchronicity and mimic . connor ( irish accent ) I do believe the monsignor finally get a point . murphy ( irish accent ) aye . they leave . int . noland meat packing plant 4:00 p.m. same day Murphy , wear a white blood soak smock and apron stand around the corner of the entrance to the load dock . he grip a gigantic , bloody slab of meat and smirk . connor flip he cigarette out the load dock and pass he brother 's hide place . he notice the worker have stop , and be look at he . connor what ? Murphy slap connor square in the face with the bloody slab . connor 's face be cake with blood as he stand stunne . he then leap on Murphy , send he into a pile of nearby hamburger . he grab a large cow tongue from a nearby heap and begin slapping Murphy in the face with it as they both laugh and the worker cheer . they boss , mcgerkin approach with a very large woman . her head be clean-shaven . the two be still laugh , out of breath , they turn . mcgerkin boy this be Rose , baum , gurtle ... gurtle . roz rozengurtle baumgartner . mcgerkin you will be training she today , and do a good job . both boy aye . connor ( wipe hand and extend it ) please to meet ya rozie . she point to a tattoo on she neck that read untouched by man . roz I prefer to be call rozengurtle by man . connor ( take aback ) okay then ... let 's get ya start . connor exit with roz . murphy Christ , that 's the large woman I have ever see . mcgerkin it 's self - impose affirmative action . if we hire big , fat , angry lesbian , then the leftist group represent big , fat angry lesbian , will not think we be violate they rights . murphy well , how politically correct you be . that 's good stuff . mcgerkin hey , that people can shut ya down . they will sue you into the ground claim they be put under mental duress , inner pain . and sufferin' . murphy well , as long as we be hirin ' fat lesbian , give you mar a call . Murphy laugh as he jog away . mcgerkin fuck you Murphy . int . noland meat packing plant CUT station same day rozengurtle and connor stand in front of a bunch of co- worker who be cut meat as it go by on assembly . connor okay , just cut off as much fat as you can as it go by and the rule of thumb here be ... roz rule of thumb ? connor ( questioningly ) yeah ? roz do you know where that term come from ? in the early 1900 's it be legal for man to beat they wife as long as they use a stick no wider than they thumb . connor hold up he thumb and stare at it . connor can not do much damage with that . perhaps , it shoulda be the rule of wrist . ha ! ( he elbow she ) rule of wrist . she return a icy stare . he hand she the knife . the co - worker all seem wary of roz . Murphy stand on one side of roz , connor on the other , surround by a tight group of worker . everyone be within ear shot of one another , cut meat as it go by . know glance be share by everyone . it be a uncomfortable mood . connor hey Murphy ? murphy aye . connor ( slight smirk ) how many feminist do it take to screw in a light bulb ? murphy how many ? connor two . one to screw it in and one to suck my cock . everyone burst out laugh . rozengurtle jab a knife in a piece of meat and turn to connor . she push he and start walk toward he . he start back up , laugh . roz ( angry ) I know you two prick would give I problem . give I shit cause I be a woman . I be not gonna take you male dominance bullshit ! connor ( try to calm she , but still chuckle ) oh , come on now rozengurtle . I be just tryin ' to get a rise outta ya . murphy yeah . just tryin ' to break the ice be all . roz ( to Murphy ) fuck you ... ( to connor ) ... and fuck you ! murphy oh , come on its St. Patty 's Day . it 's all in good fun . employee gather around all the excitement . roz ( v.o . ) baumgartner sound irish to you , fuck face ? connor now look rozengurtle , we be sorry . just relax . she reach back and punch connor full force in the face . he take the hit very well . he stop back up . connor why do not you save all you aggression for protest and march and what not . she suddenly drive she boot into he crotch , send he to the floor reeling with pain . two female co-worker leap to he aid . roz you fuckin ' slave . kowtow to the need of man ! get up ! get the fuck up ! leave he there . rozengurtle begin to turn , raise she fist to Murphy . Murphy wind up and punch she square in the face . she land on she back . the on-looker be stunne as he walk over and stand above she . murphy guess you will have to change that tattoo now , will not ya rozie !? int . hallway macmanus ' tenement apt build day the brother get to the top of the stair . connor be hunch over and move slowly . Murphy giggle . connor fuck you . connor flick he cigarette butt out the large open load door at the end of the hall . the red brick building stretch down the alley both way . the glow butt fall to a filthy rest place , directly next to a dent green dumpster with half the paint job scrape off . int . connor and murphy' apartment early evening this be a decrepit , illegal loft . the boy enter , hang they rosary by the door and begin take off they clothes . connor sit naked on the couch and gently place a bag of ice on he crotch . Murphy stand naked in the open quantity shower . Murphy turn on the water and stick he hand in the stream . int . connor and murphy' apt early evening connor , still seat , crack open a guinness and sip it lovingly . the phone ring . connor hello . mom ( v.o . ) connor , be that you ? something be obviously wrong in she voice . connor ( interested ) mother , be that you ? mom ( v.o . ) be that worthless brother of you there ? I want you both to hear this . connor ma , what 's wrong ? Murphy shut off the water . murphy no fuckin ' hot water man . that ... connor shut it . it 's ma. Murphy see the concern in connor 's eye and take a step closer . mom ( v.o . ) it 's all you fault . both you little bastard . I be a fool to believe you would bring I any peace . the day you Da leave we when you be almost too young to remember , he say the two of you would do I right and make I proud , but he be wrong and I get nothin ' to live for . connor mother , what be you sayin ' ? you be talkin ' crazy here . Murphy be draw closer with concern . murphy what 's the matter with she ? int . annabelle macmanus ' house ireland night a wrinkly female hand grab a large revolver rest next to a half empty bottle of hennessey . mom I finally find you Da 's army revolver , connor . int . connor and murphy' apt early evening connor what the hell be you doin ' with Da 's gun !? murphy ( widen eye ) what the ...? mom ( v.o . ) I get it to my head now . I get it to my head now . connor what ?! what be you doin ' ? mom ( v.o . ) I want to tell ya one last thing before I pull the trigger . connor ( scream ) pull the trigger ?! have ya lose it woman ?! now just calm down here . murphy ( eye widen ) oh my god ! mom ( v.o . ) I ... connor no mar ! no ! mom ( v.o . ) blame ... connor & murphy oh Jesus , no ! no! oh God ! no ma! mom ( v.o . ) you ...! connor and Murphy be both scream in panic . ext . annabelle macmanus ' back stoop night Mom stand on the back stoop hold the door ajar with she hip . she hold the phone receiver up in she leave hand and the gun directly next to it , in she right . she squeeze off a loud shot toward the heaven . int . connor and murphy' apt early evening as soon as the deafen sound pierce through the receiver , connor instinctively jump up to a stand position . the bag of ice burst as it hit the floor and spread across it . he throw the receiver and cover he ear with both hand . the phone then fall to the ground , skip through the cube as the boy dive for it scream . the two naked , hysterical boy fumble for the phone , flail on they stomach in the field of ice . they finally catch it and both put they ear to the receiver in panic . as they scream ma intermittently , the pause get longer and longer . int . annabelle macmanus ' apartment night Mom 's get she hand cover she mouth , face red from hold back laughter , as she walk back into the house . she can take it no longer and she burst out with hearty guffaw . int . connor and murphy' apartment early evening the boy be relieved , but angry . connor ( grab he ball , roll over ) aaaww , shit !... evil woman ! murphy Lord have mercy . that be a good one mar . mom ( v.o . ) oh , Jesus ! no mar ! Christ mar ! no ! Murphy hold the receiver in the air . Mom 's still laugh . murphy ( to connor ) oh , she 's quite proud of herself . mom okay , seriously , both you listen to I now . they both put a ear to the phone . connor all right , we be both here . Mom pause and cackle endlessly once again . mom ( finally ) it 's only 11:00 here boy so I get lot 's more drinkin ' to do with you worthless relative down at the anvil . murphy just call to torture we do ya ? connor how 's uncle sibeal ? mom well , you know how it be with he . always complainin ' he 's never turnin ' a profit on St. Patty 's . Whole damn family go down there with no money , cause we know he can not bear to charge we . they all laugh . mom but he 's be havin ' himself a nip or two as well ... be up the waitress ' skirt all night , poor girl . murphy well you tell he to take it easy with that . he 's gotta learn to respect woman the way connor do . connor oh , Jesus . murphy I give he he first lesson in sensitivity toward the fairer sex just today . connor do not even do it , ya bastard . murphy ( laugh ) he get beat up by a girl . connor if that be a girl I want to see some papers . she have to be just preoperative for Christ sake . mom ( dogmatically ) Lord 's name . both ( genuflect , impassionate ) mother Mary , full of grace . mom what do you do , connor ? connor well , we try to make friend and she give I a shot to the nut . mom ( aghast ) what ... the dirty bitch ! I hope ya trounce she a good one ! connor well , I do not but ... murphy ( shaking he fist ) do not worry , I respected the hell out of she for ya , ma. Mom laugh . mom well listen , I know how my boy take to scrappin ' when they take to drinkin' . both ( semi-condescending ) yes mother . mom ( light -heart anger ) I mean it now . I carry the two of you little bastard around in my belly at the same time you ungrateful pissant . ya ruin my girlish figure in one fall swoop , and then ya suck I dry . ( grab she breast ) my tit be saggin ' down to my ankle . I trip over they for Christ sake , now ya listen to I , no fighten ! the boy laugh . mom promise I boy . murphy we promise . connor yeah , we promise . mom well , there 's my boy . ( pull back curtain , look out window ) shit. I gotta go . look like I cause a ruckus with that shot . half the damn neighborhood be comin' . murphy all right , love ya mar . listen , before ya go just give we the goods , eh ? connor yeah . it 's be twenty - seven year . mom still bickerin ' over that , huh ? connor come on , mar . out with it . who come out first ? mom all right , I suppose you have the right to know . the boy stand shoulder to shoulder , naked . they peer into the distance , ear to the phone , await this most important information . mom be ya ready ? both aye . slight pause as mom slam a shot of hennessey . mom ( yell ) the one with the biggest cock ! Mom slam down the phone and let out a throaty laugh . the boy sign angrily . connor walk over and hang up the phone . connor crazy woman . when he turn , he notice Murphy be fixate on he brother crotch . a triumphant smile spread across he face . connor do not start . I have have ice on mine . ext . a alley morning paul smecker , f.b.i. agent , be lead by the Boston Chief of Police through a jungle of ravenous reporter , police line and uniform officer . he be impeccably dress in a deep red suit . he be smile , confident as he walk . he be a very good -look , slender man . he look intently , for a moment , at four uniform officer . they approach two dead body , lay next to a dent green dumpster with half the paint job scrape off . one man , ivan checkov , lay on he stomach , closer to the dumpster than the other . the ass of he pants have be burnt out and a large cotton bandage be in its place . the other , vladdy , have a blood soak bandage around he head and be on he stomach as well . there be hundred of piece of porcelain of various size everywhere . Three plain - clothed homicide detective , duffy , dolly and greenly hover close to the body . dolly and duffy listen to greenly , a obvious rookie , give he over - confident theory of what take place . the chief be about to interrupt they , but smecker hold he back with a smile . the two wait and watch in a position , where the unsuspecting detective have they back to they . greenly ( thick Boston accent ) ... so this guy be just kickin ' the shit out of each other . this guy ( point to vladdy ) pick up a old kitchen sink that some one throw out and crush this guy ( checkov ) with it . all right , so it make a big bang and alert they friend , who 's standin ' look out around the corner . so he come over and get into it with this guy , ( vladdy ) he 's angry at he , right ? they get into a altercation in which the look out guy crush this guy by jumpin on he . and look at the damage here . ( vladdy ) I mean this guy 's fuckin ' hamburger man . his spine be crush . he 's all twisted and shit . that guy have to be one big mother fucker . huge , 3-400 pound , fuckin huge . smecker listen . the Chief be embarrassed . greely or , okay . check this out . say this two do not even know the huge guy . they be just staggerin ' home from a bar this morning , still all fuck up from St. Patty 's last night . so they figure they will take a short cut down the alley and this big mother fucker , he 's just waitin' . and what could be more perfect for strong arm robbery ? two drunk guy all bandage up . they be already injure for Christ sake . he take a blunt object and whacks the guy with the bandage on he head , right ? Cause he 's smart . he know the guy with the bandage on he ass , he be not go nowhere . matter of fact , this guy 's probably help he friend with the rectal problem along . they be limping around like a couple of decrepit old broad . so once this guy 's out of the picture ( denote vladdy ) this poor asshole , he try to run . but look how far he get fore the huge bastard catch up with he . only a few yard . and what do he do ? he get creative . he pick up a sink and crush the poor mother - fucker . then , he be not do yet . he come over here , jump on this guy 's back and crush he to death . ( vladdy ) he steal they shit and beat it ! thanks for comin ' out ! ( beat ) and look at this print ... greenly point out a large foot print on vladdy 's back . some detective nod in agreement . smecker chuckle as he shake he head . greenly that 's one big fuckin ' shoe !... and think about it . of all the way to kill a guy , crushin ' he to death . that 's very particular . you do not get many of that . I dunno . I feel something big here . I would not be surprised if we see more of this turn up . smecker ( step into the open ) brilliant . so now we get a huge guy theory and serial crusher theory . top fuck notch . ( to greenly ) what 's you name ? greenly detective greenly . who the fuck be you ? smecker saunter up to greely and pull he i.d. out of the breast pocket of he sport coat and let it hang . the large , light blue letter , f.b.i. can be easily see . smecker that 's who the fuck I be . all the detective seem disgruntled and look to the Chief for a explanation . chief listen , I gotta go by the number on this one . i.d. just come back on this guy . they have get connection to the Russian mob . that make it a federal matter and agent smecker , here , be head up the investigation with we full cooperation . smecker ( transfix on greely ) why do not you get I a cup of coffee . greeny what the fuck ? smecker café latte . greenly who the ... smecker twist of lemon ! greenly ( to Chief ) Chief , what the fuck be this ? smecker sweet-n-low ! greenly look helplessly to the Chief , who simply nod . he storm off the scene , upset . smecker turn he back on everyone and put earphone in . he reach down and hit play . the choir song " agnus dei " overtake . he begin to investigate . he kneel at the body for a moment then stare at the opposite brick wall . he pick up a piece of porcelain and scrape it with he thumb . he quickly cock he head toward the sky and begin to chuckle as he say Jesus Christ , under he breath . he brushes some paraffin on each of the dead men' hand . duffy and dolly watch defiantly . they start to smile at one another as they collectively realize he homosexuality . he be slightly effeminate buy not overly fey . smecker ( loudly ) Mitchell , langley ! two uniform officer approach . mitchell yes sir . smecker find the manager of this building . see if he have have any complaint of water come down in any apartment , start just this morning . if he 's not there , knock on every door start from the third floor up . langley , you take this building , same thing . Mitchell and langley exit . smecker chaffey , Newman . two more uniform approach . chaffey yes sir . smecker ( to chaffey ) look in the trash around they hand . see if you can find I two bullet casing . 45 's , if my eye serve I right . do not disturb they . Mark they as they lay . Newman , root through this shit . ( point to the mountain of garbage ) if this be a sink find I some metal part . gimme a faucet or a drain cover or something . the two begin they task . chaffey find a case near checkov 's hand , hide under the edge of the pile . chaffey get it . it 's a 45 . the homicide detective be surprised as chaffey look for the second shell . smecker light up a smoke . smecker Chief , could you get ballistic down here and tell they they have to dig a 45 slug out of a brick wall . he point to a bullet hole in the oppose and tatter wall . smecker ... and locate another that 's be fire through a dumpster . he point to another bullet hole at the dumpster 's base . chief I get the best ballistic guy in the world . he 's mobile . get all he stuff right in the van . can have he down here in 10 minute . dolly how do you know that ? smecker paraffin come up positive . and bullet hole be usually a big clue . chaffey I can not find the second one , sir . smecker look under the body . chaffey ( obey ) get it . smecker turn to detective with a smirk . smecker you guy 's ready for this ? they both nod . smecker this be no gangland assassination . though creative , it be way too sloppy . something go wrong here . this have personal write all over it . now , this man be crush and the first natural reaction the body have to such trauma be to tense up . so now the two shot fire here be reflex round . this guy be not shoot at anything , but they be just about to . Mitchell return . mitchell agent smecker , ( point to macmanus building ) this be all illegal loft housing so there 's no manager on the premise but I find a lady on the fourth floor say she 's have water drip down on she whole place . start just this morning . smecker fourth floor huh ? then we be head to the fifth . let 's go up and see just how right I be . int . macmanus ' apt . build first floor morning the detective pile into the elevator , smecker last . greenly have rejoin they . smecker sip he latte . duffy so what be you thinkin ' here ? smecker really want to know ? all the detective chant the affirmative . the door close . int . macmanus ' apt . build elevator fifth floor morning as the door open , all the detective chorus they disbelief . greenly no way . you know how big a guy 's gotta be to do that ? fuckin ' huge . smecker turn to greenly in disbelief . smecker ( beat ) oooo . I might be want a bagel with my coffee . smecker exit the elevator leave the three silent detective with that think . greenly ( to dolly ) I be not get he no fuckin ' bagel . the detective exit the elevator . int . macmanus ' doorway inside apt looking out to hall morning smecker appear first , glance in momentarily . the detective pile in behind he . they survey the situation in total awe . smecker ( to greenly ) we will start the ass kissing with you . ext . macmanus ' apt . build front step morning smecker saunter out , detective on he heel . mitchell ( approach smecker ) agent smecker . I know this neighborhood pretty good . there 's a bar call mcginty 's down the block . it 's a good bet they be there last night . smecker ( turn to detective ) good work , Mitchell . I will check that out myself . duffy start walk down the street . a reporter be hot on he heel . reporter hey , duffy . what the fuck happen here ? you owe I . this be the one I want . duffy let 's go get a cup of coffee . you be not gonna fuckin ' believe this one . smecker be stand on the front step in front of uniform officer and homicide detective . smecker I want a.p.b. 's put out . I want more uniform on the street . one thing 's for sure , wherever this guy be they be hurt . int . emergency room day a potent song take we ear as the macmanus brother sit in the e.r . they have already receive care . they face be beat and there be bandage and dry blood in various spot . connor 's injury exceed Murphy 's . they be both clad in only they leather boot , boxer short and wear out old bathrobe . Young kid wait for medical attention , as they knife wound bleed . two nun in the corner console a third , whose robe be rip and face be beat . a woman toward the end of the hall be so badly beat she be unrecognizable . as the song build to a more harrowing chorus , a man enter . his clothes suggest he 's a pimp . he be not injure . he look around as he stand , perturb , at the end of the hall . he reach over and grab the beat up woman by the hair and begin to drag she out . she be kick and scream from the floor , grab at he wrist as he haul she away . ( slo - mo ) the boy , instantly furious , stand and begin to go toward the action , but connor 's leg give out on he and he fall to the floor . connor , still try to go after the pimp , crawl towards he . Murphy help he brother to he chair and hold he tight . murphy okay . just calm down . take it easy . he will have he day . he will have he ( turn ) fuckin ' day ! Music fade . int emergency room day few minute later a old irishman enter the e.r. doc ( 70 year ) have a serious facial twitch and be prone to blink uncontrollably . he have a mild stutter . he also have tourette 's syndrome and be apt to yell he two choose swear word every now and then , first fuck ! and after a slight pause , ass ! he rush up as they stand to greet he . Murphy hold connor up . murphy thanks for comin ' , Doc . doc ( irish accent , squeaky voice ) j- Jesus . what the fuck happen ? be ya b-boys all right ? connor we be alive . doc a f.b.i. agent come by the bar . he leave I he c-c , he leave I he c-c , he leave I this . he hand they a card with smecker 's name on it . they survey it with interest . doc ( extremely loud ) fuck !.......... ass ! everyone in the e.r. look at Doc in shock . connor and Murphy do not even avert they eye from the card . doc what be you go to do ? connor we be go to turn ourselves in . it be self defense . doc y-y - yeah that 's what he say . murphy how the fuck 's he know that ? we have not speak to anyone yet . doc do not know . he do not say . the boy look puzzle . Murphy help connor down to he seat . murphy listen Doc , we need a favor . doc a-anyth . Murphy hand Doc a partially fill garbage bag . connor hold this shit for we , Doc . we will be comin back for it when we get out . doc right . Doc exit , say one more " fuck , ... ass " , on the way out . int . boston police station precinct office day the station be abuzz with the story . connor and Murphy 's name be on all tongue . a legend start . every available officer be in the room along with the homicide detective . smecker walk right down the middle . smecker first of all , I would like to thank whichever one of you do nut munch , barrel - ass dip-shit leak this to the press . that 's just what we need now , some sensational story in the papers make this guy out to be super heroes , triumphing over evil . and let I squash the rumor now . this two be not heroes . ( roll he eye ) they be two ordinary man who be put in a extraordinary situation and they just happen to come out on top . yes , nothing from we far reach computer system have turn up jack shit on this two . all we know be what we find out from they neighbor . and the general consensus be that they be ... angel . ( pause ) but angel do not kill and we get two body in the morgue that look like they have be ... smecker look to greenly . dripping with sarcasm . smecker ... serial crush by a huge fuckin ' guy . some of the cop and homicide detective laugh and chide greenly . chaffey be this I consider armed and dangerous ? smecker well , not armed . if they have gun , they would have use they . but dangerous ? oh yeah . mitchell what make you think they be dangerous ? they be just protect each other . ext . boston police station step day the two be limping up the precinct stair . connor be drape over Murphy who help he brother along , they be still attire as in the e.r. int . boston police station precinct office day smecker look , look ! I be not say one way or the other . just be careful and go by the protocol on this one . chaffey any tip on where this guy may be ? smecker ( to Officer Mitchell ) any word back from the e.r.s ? mitchell no help at all . swamp from St. Patty 's . pack with drunk , bloody irish . smecker just hit the brick nice and hard . grunt police work be go to bring this one in . greenly ( talk loudly ) this guy be mile away by now . the brother quietly enter in the back of the room . all the officer be seat with they back to they . smecker and the brother make eye contact . he know who they be . they do not interrupt greenly . greenly but if you want to beat you head against a wall , then here 's what you look for . this guy be scared like two little bunny rabbit . anything in a uniform or flash blue light will spook they . so the only thing we can do be put a potato on a string and drag it through South Boston . there be light chuckle from the police at this crack . murphy ( loud ) you would probably have better luck with a beer . everyone turn and look . int . interrogation room boston police station later the boy sit in two chair at a plain table with a recording device on it . they be very serious and alert . Mitchell enter with coffee for they . he shake they hand and say he really respects what they do . surprise , they thank he . chaffey enter with donut and a repeat performance of respect . slowly officer start to gather around the interrogation room door . int . interrogation room boston police station day later there be at least 20 officer and detective pack in the tiny room . the macmanus ' visit with the excited cop . all be in high spirit . the room be loud as smecker walk in . smecker what the fuck be this !? this be not a fuckin ' tea party . get out ! only thing I want in here be they . they all file out . smecker and the boy look each other over . smecker this conversation be go to be record . just answer to the best of you knowledge . smecker reach for the record button . Murphy put out he hand to stop he . murphy ( politely ) Excuse I , sir . Murphy turn to he brother and speak in Latin , in hushed tone . it be subtitle in English . murphy " what do we tell he about the gun and money ? " connor " we just get up and leave . bum musta roll they before the police get there . " murphy ( to smecker ) okay . we be ready . smecker in intrigue with this tiny display . he hit the record button . smecker you guy be not under oath , here . I be assume you know this two guy from before , huh ? connor we ... meet they last night . smecker they have some pretty interesting bandage . know anything about that ? they look at each other . flashback . int mcginty's pub night ST . patrick day mcginty 's 's be pack to the wall with drunken irish . a lot of face be recognizable from noland 's meat . connor be in front of the bar . he and Doc be stare at each other as if wait for one man to give in . connor have he arm across the chest of Murphy and some friend , hold they in place . they be interested in the competition . presently ... connor ( presently , imitate Doc 's voice ) would someone please come over here and ... doc fuck ! connor I up the ... doc ass ! everyone fall down laugh . Doc be angry and start throw ice at they . david della rocco make he way through the crowd . rocco be thirty - two year old . he have shoulder - length , dark hair and a full beard and mustache that wrap around he big smile . he charge up to the bar and yell to doc. rocco hey ! fuck ! ass ! get I a beer ! this send everyone even further into laughter . Doc throw two huge fist full of ice at he . he back away laugh . the boy get up off the floor and have a huge group hug with rocco as they all scream each other name . they all laugh and commence drink . int . mcginty's pub night the bar be trash . it 's mostly empty now except for the brother , rocco , Doc and four friend . everyone be very drunk , include doc. rocco ( try to connect with connor ) ... it 's not that I be homophobic . I be just afraid of faggot . connor pause then burst out laugh . Doc call everyone to gather round . doc I get some bad news . look like I be gonna have to close d-down the bar . the Russians have be buy up building all over town , include this one ... fuck !... ass ! and they be not let I renew my lease . I get ' till the end of the week to come up with 26,000 dollar , or they take the place . I leave they a note tell they not to show they face t- tonight . they be pressure I to close and take the last few day to get all my shit outta here but it 's my right to stay open to the last . Long pause as everyone absorb . they be upset . rocco let I talk to my boss , may I can ... he be cut off by everyone who obviously oppose mafia involvement . doc l-l-listen I do not want anyone to know until the last possible moment . so you guy keep you trap shut . ya know what they say ; people in glass house sink ship . everyone have quizzical look on they face . rocco y'know Doc , I gotta get you a , a , like a proverb book or something . this mix and match shit 's gotta go . doc what ? everyone chuckle . connor ( imitate Doc ) a p-penny save be worth two in the bush . murphy ( imitate Doc ) do not c-cross the road if ya can not get out of the kitchen . everyone laugh heartily . just then , three large Russians in suit enter . the obvious leader , checkov , stand in front with vladdy behind one of checkov 's shoulder , with another guy behind the other shoulder . they mean business . the laughter fade . checkov ( thick Russian accent ) I be Ivan checkov . you will be close now . murphy ( after a long pause ) this be mccoy ... we find spock and we get enough for a away team . everyone laugh . Ivan be angry . checkov oh , how extraordinary . a bunch of irishman ... and they be be drunken idiot . you be kill the stereotype . I be in no mood for discussion . ( point to Doc ) you ! you stay . the rest of you go now . doc why do not you make like a tree and get the fuck outta here ! the local roll they eye at Doc 's blunder . connor calm down , Doc . I be sure they be reasonable fellow . he and Murphy each grab a guinness and a shot of hennessey and they approach the Russians with the peace offer . connor listen fella , y'know he 's get ' till this week 's end . ya do not have to be hard ass , do ya ? murphy yeah , it 's St. Patty 's day . everyone 's irish tonight . now , why do not ya pull up a stool and have a drink with we ? checkov you insult I . I would never drink that sewage . especially with you people . you be fool . checkov slap the beer to the floor . checkov this be no game ! if you will not go , we will make you go ! the boy look at each other , remember what Mom say . they still hold the shot . connor if ya want a fight , you can see you be outnumber . we be try to be civil here , so I suggest you take we offer . checkov I make the offer , ass-hole . rocco push off the bar . he 's have enough . rocco ( stand between the two brother ) hey , there boris . what would you say if I tell you that you pinko , commie mother suck so much dick ... wham ! Ivan punch he in the face . he be quickly down and out . connor and Murphy 's face turn to stone as they speak the next few line in flawless fluent Russian with English subtitles . connor " now , that be not too polite , be it ? " murphy " I be afraid we can not let that one go , Ivan . " checkov be completely take aback . all the irish be fairly impressed as well . connor I do not think ma would mind . they clink the glass together , throw back the hennessey , ball up the thick glass in they fist , drop to one knee and both deliver a devastating blow to each of checkov 's quad . Murphy on the leave , connor on the right . he 's down for the count , writhe on the floor . the boy 's each take a Russian guy and start fight as the other start kick and spitting on checkov . this be a bar brawl , lot of punch do not connect . connor dismantle he man quickly . Murphy be still fight as all the irish try to jump in and help Murphy but connor go into psycho mode , push they all back . connor let the boy go . he know what the fuck he 's do ! they all back off and start to cheer he on . Murphy and vladdy be rip each other apart . vladdy back he against a wall and pull back , exhaust , for one good punch . Murphy reach up behind he head with both hand and pull two bottle of wine from a wall rack . he swing they toward each other with vladdy 's head as the mid-point . the bottle haphazardly connect , one on each side of he head . he crumple to the ground in a explosion of glass and wine . there be shock and silence . connor nicely do , boy ! int . mcginty's pub night a few minute later they have Ivan checkov tie down to the bar on he stomach . connor stand with a unlit cigarette dangle from he lip next to Ivan . he pour hennessey all over checkov 's buttock . they all cheer . Ivan 's face be batter as rocco wake and approach . he punch checkov in the face in complete rage . two friend subdue he as all chuckle . connor now , like my fine brother say , on St. Patty 's everyone 's irish . and this piece of shit be about to be initiate . as they cheer , connor light up he smoke and toss the match on Ivan 's butt . the hennessey be instantly ablaze and checkov be scream and wiggling in horror . some just stand there stunne , but most of the remain onlooker leap to Ivan 's aid . they furiously pat he out and turn on connor . friend # 1 be ya tryin ' to kill he , ya fuck ? int . connor and murphy' apt early next morning connor and Murphy , fairly beat up , sit up on they bed . they wear tatter bathrobe and boxer short . they put they foot down into they leather boot . the boy examine the extent of one another 's injury and reflect on they hangover . they both laugh and grab they head in pain . boom ! the door break open and in hobble checkov and vladdy , gun draw . checkov be all beat up and the ass of he pants be burnt out . a bulky bandage cover he buttock . vladdy have a large bandage around he head . the boy stand in surprise . Ivan smashes connor in the forehead with he gun , send blood gush down he face as he fall to the floor . Murphy helplessly yell he brother 's name as he be bring to he knee by vladdy . Ivan position connor on he knee before the toilet , which be open to the room . checkov put he foot on connor 's head and proceed , as he struggle , to hand cuff he to the old toilet . so now connor be bleed and hugging the commode with he hand cuffed behind the bowl base . checkov ( almost whisper ) I be go to kill you . but I be not ... I be go to kill you brother . I be go to take he down to the dumpster and I be go to shoot he in the head . then I be go to throw he dead body in the garbage . ( look at this watch ) trash guy be come in 10 minute , gotta go . checkov walk towards the door and say " let 's go " to vladdy . murphy it be just a bar fight . you guy be fuckin ' pussy ! vladdy pull he to he foot and lead he away follow checkov . connor , blood run from he face , listen to absolute silence for just a moment . suddenly he face read the gravity of the situation . in a split second he turn into a animal . he 's yell , pull , tug and growl . his body be a whirlwind of motion . the skin on he wrist bleed profusely . ext . alley morning vladdy and checkov lead Murphy out back into the alley . Murphy be on he knee next to the dumpster . checkov have he gun to the boy 's head . he act like he 's go to pull the trigger , but he stop . vladdy be stand twenty foot away with he back to they keep a look out , gun in hand . int . connor and murphy' apt . morning connor become so venomous , that he pull the entire toilet right out of the floor . int . to ext . macmanus ' tenement loading door morning ( slo - mo ) connor step out onto the sill of the huge , open load door . he be five storey up . his muscle ripple with the weight of the toilet . his face be barbaric . ext . alley morning from he kneel position , Murphy can see he brother perch 50 foot overhead . he do not let he face betray he . checkov I hope you conscience be clear , irishman . ext . macmanus ' tenement loading door morning ( slo - mo ) connor bend he knee and heave the toilet upward and swing one arm directly beneath it . he be no longer tethere around the basin . he hold it at a cocked angle . the heavy porcelain tank cover slip off the toilet . he toss the toilet in a leave and outwardly trajectory , then he jump off the sill to the right . he be sailing through the air about twenty foot behind , and to the right of the toilet , cuffed hand above he head , robe up like a cape behind he . Murphy scream ext . alley morning ( slo - mo ) checkov begin to laugh heartily . the tank top land pristinely on a garbage bag just behind Murphy . Ivan 's look turn to one of terror . bam ! he be crush by the toilet . boom ! his gun go off , punch a hole in the dumpster near the bottom . vladdy hear the bang and crouch as he turn to see a wave of tiny porcelain bit . connor land squarely on vladdy 's back . his gun discharge fire a hole in the brick of the oppose wall . he be savagely crush against the ground . connor bounce off and hit the wall , landing in the garbage completely unconscious . Murphy take he hand from he head . there be dead silence . he run to he brother , pull he from the trash and check he vital sign . he seem okay . vladdy , still alive , slowly crawl for he gun , inadvertently cover he own bullet case . Murphy go over , pick up the tank cover and club the man to death with two hard and fast blow , then throw it up and behind he . it land in the dumpster with a resonate boom . Murphy quickly take everything from the scene ; gun , money , wallet , watch and a pager . he shove it in a garbage bag and throw connor over he shoulder and run out of the alley . back to present . int . boston police station interrogation room afternoon smecker stare astound at connor and Murphy . the boy examine smecker for a reaction . he slowly build to a chuckle . the brother join in . smecker ( gather himself ) so , how be it that you guy be fluent in Russian ? connor we pay attention in school . smecker know any other language ? murphy aye . we mother insisted on it . french . Murphy speak flawless french with subtitles . murphy ( subtitle ) how do you think he figure all this out without talk to we ? connor italian . connor speak flawless italian with subtitles . connor ( subtitle ) I have no idea . maybe someone see and talk . murphy german . ( subtitle ) not in we neighborhood , man . a hundred percent irish . no one talk to cop . period . connor Spanish . ( subtitle ) then I guess he 's just real ... real good . smecker what be you guy do work at a fuck meat pack plant ? the brother laugh . chaffey enter . chaffey ah , agent smecker , we have a problem . smecker what ? chaffey the press be everywhere outside . they be go nut for this guy . what do you want to do ? smecker you be not be charge . it 's up to you . do you want to talk to they ? connor absolutely not . murphy no picture , either . smecker well , we could try the bag over the head thing . walk you right out the front . connor we mother can see through bag . murphy aye , she can . ( beat ) any way we can stay here ? chaffey sure , we have a empty hold cell , they can ... can they stay ? smecker well , we will have to check with you mother , but it 's ok with I if you friend sleep over . they all chuckle . chaffey be embarrassed . smecker stand . smecker time to feed the dog . smecker leave . connor he 's a nice guy . Murphy speak with the characteristic gay man 's linger " S " . murphy yes ... he be . they laugh . ext . boston police station front step early evening the police chief be stand on the front step of the police station make a statement to the ravenous press : camera and pushy reporter . agent smecker stand slightly behind he . rocco stand amidst the sea of reporter as the chief begin . chief this be we official statement . the macmanus brother be not be charge with a crime . it be a clean - cut case of self defense . we have thank they for they cooperation and we thank you , the media , for you tireless pursuit of the truth . the press be ablaze with question . smecker turn and walk down the precinct step , pass rocco , who carry a bunch of fold clothes , and head for the police station . smecker glance in rocco 's direction , barely notice the man who have already pass he . int . macmanus ' cell early evening rocco approach the wide open cell as chaffey and Mitchell play card with the brother . happy to see each other the boy and rocco embrace . he hand they they clothes . int . macmanus ' cell night the boy be in a tight cell with a bed on each side . they be in they own clothes now . the brother be fast asleep . suddenly , they lurch forward , throw they chest out , lip tight , still asleep . int . police station bathroom night . a officer turn on the faucet of a sink and begin to wash he hand . we go down to the pipe beneath the porcelain basin . a old leak seep water through a crack in the floor . int . macmanus ' cell night a water leak start on the ceiling . it drip faster and faster . the water begin to follow a water damage crack along the ceiling . it slowly spread in two direction . the brother struggle for air in they sleep . then slowly , and at the same time , they each reach up one arm apiece and simultaneously curl they hand as if grab something . they strain face be bring from darkness to light as they sit up quickly , face to the ceiling . they eye open wide and they each draw they first breath as drop of the creep water land on they forehead . they look at each other across the room in shock as the drip of water still fall between they . connor destroy all that which be evil ... murphy ... so that which be good may flourish int . manmanus ' cell next morning Murphy and connor sleep . Murphy awake to a beep , beep , beep . he remove checkov 's pager from the pocket of he bathrobe . int . precinct office morning connor and Murphy enter as greenly , dolly , duffy , chaffey and Mitchell be have coffee and donut . they greet each other warmly . connor grab a pen and walk to the hallway . connor be right back ... duffy we would be honore , sir , if you would join we peasant , in a donut . duffy hand Murphy a jelly donut and a cup of coffee as dolly spread a copy of the Boston Globe in front of Murphy . the headline read " the Saints of South Boston . " all the detective chuckle as Murphy be momentarily absorb . he take the paper . murphy Saints ? ( beat ) I will not accept this pizzle until my foot have be properly anoint . they laugh . int . precinct office morning connor cradle the receiver of a pay phone between he cheek and shoulder . he pocket the pager . as the phone ring , he ready he pen . the other end of the line pick up and a thick Russian accent instantly begin speak . connor respond by speak a few word in Russian before he realize it 's a record message . he begin write . he hang up the phone and smile as he light up a cigarette . int . poppa joe yakavetta's office day . a.k.a. the joke . rocco , still sport a shiner , enter a office . there be papers everywhere and it be a cluttere mess of telephone , filing cabinet , lamp and chair . rocco clutches a brown paper bag as if it be make of gold . poppa joe yakavetta , rocco 's boss , be on the phone . he be in he late forty . he 's always comfortably dress ; sleeve roll up , collar unbuttone . vincenzo lipazzi swagger across the office to rocco . he be in he late thirty . he go out of he way to look like elvis ; open shirt , gold chain and medallion . he be overweight and have a bouffant hairdo , accompany by elvis shade . vincenzo flip a half dollar in he hand constantly . rocco and vincenzo hate each other . yakavetta talk on the phone . vincenzo ( hushed ) well , it 's the funny man . give it here , package boy . rocco ( a bit defiant ) joey bevo say it be important . Said I have to give it to he myself . vincenzo ( snatching the package ) gimme the fuckin ' thing . now sit the fuck down ! rocco obey like a angry child . vincenzo put it in front of yakavetta . he sit on a filing cabinet and flip he coin . vincenzo giggle and whisper as he poke fun at rocco . the two of they resemble kid behind the teacher 's back . vincenzo ( hushed ) I be rocco . I be the funny man . heee hee. I be so fuckin ' funny . hee hee . rocco fuck you vincenzo . vincenzo ( hushed ) tell I a joke funny man . hee hee . rocco I catch you show down at the velvet room at the holiday Inn , love it when you bust into Viva Las Vegas . vincenzo 's face drop he get up and start walk toward rocco . roc point at he from a seat position . he 's scared . rocco hey , hey , hey ... suddenly yakavetta jump to a stand position . he yell . yakavetta fuck you ! I could snap my finger and have you dead in four hour , rotting in a truck off of boyleston ! you insignificant little fuck ! I always get my fuckin ' money ! he slam the phone down . rocco and vincenzo be shocked but try to look compose . yakavetta fuckin ' 90' be killin ' I . I should not a do that . you be not suppose to tell a guy you be gonna kill he anymore . I gotta tip-toe through the tulip with this asshole . I prance . I be a prancer . it 's what I do ... suck all the fun right out of this job . as he speak he unwrap the wax paper in the bag . rocco look over he shoulder . it 's a sandwich . he 's embarrassed . vincenzo smirk at he . rocco poppa Joe , you want I to go now ? yakavetta yeah . thanks , rocco . see ya . rocco start for the door . vincenzo begin whisper in yakavetta 's ear . yakavetta hey , rocco , wait . come back here . rocco yeah boss ? vincenzo continue whisper for a few more second , long enough for rocco to see . vincenzo 's lip be tight . his tooth grind . yakavetta I always see you talk to the boy and make they laugh . they always come around tell I what a crack up you be . what be it they call you ? rocco ( totally intimidate ) the ... the funny man . yakavetta the funny man . well , I get a new job for you , just for now . roc , I be have a real shitty day . I be depressed . tell I a funny story or a joke . rocco ( terrify ) uh. okay ... um ... you hear the one about the , no fuck that one ... uh ... oh ! oh ! well ... shit . okay , there 's a white guy . he 's walkin ' along the beach and he find a , a pot , y'know and ah , he rub it and this genie pop out . but this genie , he 's a no ... he 's a black guy . yakavetta he 's a nigger . rocco yeah . and uh , he 's piss off . he say , " why you cracker always gotta find my mother fuckin ' pot ? and he tell he he 's gonna grant all he three wish but he 's gonna give all the black guy ... vincenzo and yakavetta niggers ! rocco sorry ! sorry ! all the nigger on the planet get double what he wish for . " I will take a million dollar , " he say . genie give it to he and say every nigger on earth just get two million . " I do not care gimme a yacht . " poof there it be . ( intimidate , lose steam ) e-every bl ... every nigger just get two yacht . genie go ... ( give up ) I be sorry poppa Joe . I can not . this joke suck . yakavetta take a long pause . yakavetta continue the joke . rocco ( deflate ) he say , " what 's you third wish ? " and the guy say , " I - I want you to beat I half to death . " there 's a long tense pause . suddenly , yakavetta throw he head back and roar with laughter . vincenzo join in . rocco let out a semi-audible sign of relief and gradually start laugh himself . yakavetta ( still in guffaw ) very good stuff , rocco . very good stuff . tell I another one . rocco return to terror . yakavetta erupt again point at rocco . int common boston home anteroom twilight connor and Murphy give a huge irishman gun , money and gold watch . he hand they two big black duffle bag and motion for they to help themselves as he count the money . they enter a well equip arsenal . they be giddy as they go on they first shopping spree . they toss in mask and glove . they toss in four identical black finish 9 mm handgun with silencer . connor know what we need , man ?... some rope . murphy for what ? connor Charlie bronson 's always get rope . murphy what ? connor yeah , this guy always get a lot of rope strapped around they in the movie and they always end up use it . murphy oh , you have lose it , have not ya ? connor I be serious . murphy I too . that 's stupid . name one thing we be gonna need it for . connor I do not know they just always need it . murphy what be all this " they " shit ? this be not a movie . connor pull a large hunt knife from Murphy 's bag . connor be that right , rambo ? murphy all right , get the stupid fuckin ' rope . int . smecker' bedroom night Paul smecker lie in bed with he young lover , reuben ( mid - twenty ) . he have a innocent , feminine look and a gq air about he . the two have just have sex and reuben be far more excited about it than smecker . reuben pants and gesture that it be a wonderful experience . smecker watch tv . reuben reach over and affectionately place a hand on smecker 's chest . Paul toss it off with indifference . reuben have a pouty look . the phone ring . smecker uh ,huh . ( pause ) room number . reuben throw a arm over smecker 's abdomen and place he head on Paul 's bare chest as if to now force affection . smecker we get a time of death ? he be visibly miff with reuben 's sudden display . he try to pull the arm away but reuben hold tight . smecker ( sigh ) what 's the body count ? smecker be annoyed . he slap reuben semi-gently once on he expose cheek . reuben close he eye and hold even tighter . smecker uh , huh . he bite he lower lip in anger and smack reuben again on the same cheek , hard . reuben jump to a sit position hold he cheek . he be shocked and hurt . smecker I will be down there in a bit . keep the press out . he hang up . immediately to reuben , semi-angry . smecker what be you do ? reuben ( beat ) I be just try to cuddle . smecker cuddle ?... ( yell ) what a fag ! int . plaza HOTEL hallway night 12:30 a.m. smecker saunter down the hall , he usual confident smile . he be impeccably dress in a brightly color suit . greenly stand directly outside a open door at the hall 's end . a steady flow of detective and forensics filter in and out . smecker halt before greenly and look straight into he eye . smecker ( intrigue ) he 's strike again , have not he , greenly ? greenly why do you always disrespect I like that ? smecker respect be earn , greenly , never give . guy like you should have to follow I around squabbling for the scrap from my table . int . plaza HOTEL suite live room night smecker and greenly walk into a large sink live room with high ceiling . there be a huge white shape pit couch in the center with seven dead body drape across it . all the body have be turn so they be either seat or on they back and bright new penny have be place in they eye . there be one corpse directly in the middle of the live room , make eight . this victim ( the fat man ) be overweight and be lie in debris make up of sheet rock and break wood which spread thinly for a five foot radius around he . the victim ' body position be in a circle with the fat man as the hub . smecker be instantly engulf . the regular homicide detective be on hand with they i.d.s hang out of they breast pocket . they see smecker and back off . duffy wear a especially loud tie . smecker light up a smoke . he circle around and see another body behind the couch , which make nine . the victim be on he back , with penny stick in he eye . smecker how many body , greenly ? greenly ( still dejected ) eight . smecker 's eye widen as he turn to greenly . greenly ( catch himself ) no ! shit ! I do not see that one . nine ! nine ! smecker take a beat . he address the detective . smecker while greenly 's get coffee , anybody else want anything ? greenly ( as he walk to the door ) shit ! shit ! smecker survey the scene . smecker so duffy , get any theory to go with that ... tie . duffy ( look down ) this guy be pro . I think they be come for one target , the fag man , he be the ... smecker the what man ? duffy ( surprised ) the fat man . smecker well , Freud be right . so you think they come for the fag man , huh ? and what do you base this upon ? duffy he be the only one do right . two in the back of the head . smecker and the penny ? duffy New hitman want to leave he mark smecker that 's a possibility . y'know you Boston cop be perk up . that 's two sound theory in one day , neither of which deal with abnormally size man . ( pause ) another possibility be that they be place there with religious intent . duffy yeah . some culture still put penny in the eye of the dead , or silver . smecker the Greeks . the italian . duffy the sicilian . dolly what 's the symbology there ? smecker toss the idiot glance to dolly . smecker symbology ? well , now that duffy have relinquished he King bone head crown I see we have a heir to the throne . I be sure the word you be look for be symbolism . what 's the symbolism there ? let I explain it to you . in Greek and Roman mythology when you die you would have to pay the toll to charon , the boatman who ferried you across to the gate of judgment . this make sure the dead come to atone for what they do during they life , detective ... smecker look at he i.d. smecker dollapoppaskalious . the detective be impressed . dolly ( dollapoppaskalious ) Holy shit . you be the first one that 's ever get that . smecker ( aside ) yeah , well ... I be a expert in name - ology . the detective chuckle . int . plaza HOTEL suite live room night smecker be chain smoking . his clothes appear unkempt . his eye show emotion at every new find clue . the detective watch closely . he be hunch over the body of the fat man probing he wound with he glove finger . greenly have be - enter . he defiantly hold a cup of coffee but be too intimidate to interrupt smecker . he set it down and fold he arm . smecker I have see burn like this before . they use silencer . look at this entry and exit wound . they be identical . he stand up and give a lesson to the now eager detective . he point he two index finger to the back of he own skull . smecker the two bullet go in here , through the top of the skull , criss - cross and exite through the eyeball . this one clue tell we three distinct fact . number one ... duffy . duffy they shot he at a downward angle . ( make connection ) they put he on he knee . smecker excellent ! number two . greenly . greenly uh. ( think hard ) shit , I , uh ... smecker it tell we that he be the last to die . all this man ( fan across the corpse with he hand ) be carry . they come in , drop all in second and then take they time with fag man . do not they , duffy ?! ( psychotic laugh ) they sure as fuck do ! a wide - eye duffy join with smecker , by nodd he head . smecker be seduce all of they . smecker and number three , dolly . dolly uh ... two shooter ! smecker fan-fuckin-tastic ! greenly and duffy want to know how . smecker now stay with I , boy . what do they do to make two such identical wound ? do one guy put he on he knee , pop a cap in , sit he back up and shoot he again the same way ? no . two man of similar height drop this guy down , each put some iron to he head and boom ! that 's all she fuckin ' write ! duffy what about one guy with two gun ? smecker possible , but unlikely . the angle be too extreme . a guy hold two gun to the back of you head be gonna shoot straight ahead . he would not cock out he elbow , make no sense . besides , you tell I one guy come in here and kill eight man with eight extremely well aim shot in just a few second ? no way . have to be at least two . int . plaza HOTEL suite live room night later smecker be now a complete mess . his hair be totally frazzle . he be suck on cigarettes long and hard . his clothes be completely dishevel . smecker Television , ... television be the explanation for this . smecker point toward the ceiling revealing a huge gape hole in it just above the live room . smecker you see this be bad television . ( again point out the hole in the ceiling ) the little assault guy creep in through the vent and come in through the ceiling . that James bond shit never happen in real life . professional do not do that . so we have get this up here , which have novice write all over it . and all this down here that 's simply a perfect textbook assassination . so here 's we two possibility . we either have rank amateur that get lucky or consummate professional that fuck up . the detective nod in agreement . they be now completely take in by smecker 's spell . smecker join I in a drink , gentleman . they go over and grab seat at the bar . smecker mix himself a gin and tonic on the other side . he be calming down now and go back into cool mode . he start to tuck he clothes back in and fix he hair . he lean over the bar and sip he drink . the three detective lean in . smecker with the exception of my coffee boy , you Boston detective be start to show sign of intelligence . so , I be go to make you privy to some information that you would not normally be . this man be all Russian mob . not like that two peon in the alley the other day . this guy be all syndicate boss and underboss . I have a dossier on every man in this room . since the Iron curtain have go down , the Russian syndicate have start to come here . and in the spirit of glasnost the Soviets have open they border to the mafia . but the italian , they be not convinced that the grounds in mother Russia be fertile enough for organize crime yet . so they be not ready to commit . the Russians be come here anyway . they be unwelcome . what we have here , gentleman , be possibly the beginning of the first international mob war ... unless I have totally miss something . all they face read the gravity of the situation . smecker now , what be this go to look like to that who do not know what I just tell you ? duffy it 's gonna look like the bad guy be kill each other . smecker and be there a american , shit be there a man seat among we that have not think about it many time , let 's just put they all on a island , give they gun and let they kill each other . this be we wet dream come true . you can expect federal and local law enforcement to go only deep enough to satisfy the law , then bury it from here on out . dolly so , what do we do now ? smecker that depend . you either do you job or get ethical . int . rocco' apartment night rocco come out of the bathroom . he storm out to he small , round , live room table at which the boy be seat . he be wear a white , polyester shirt with gold trim that be a uniform of some kind for perhaps a chain of restaurant . it be unbuttone all the way down and he white t-shirt be hang out . he be wear a name tag that read " jaffar " . he be upset . he slam down a chair across from the brother who be sit there clean gun and silencer . all the accouterment of death be sprawle before they . they be smoking as they carefully disassemble they firearm . rocco this better be good . ( viciously tie he hair back ) talk ! the boy look at each other . flashback ext . sidewalk downtown boston night the boy be walk across copley Square . connor look at the note he write at the police station . they stand on the sidewalk and light smoke . they be in they regular garb ; thick naval p-coat , jeans and leather boot . they each carry a mid-size , black , duffle bag . they be serious and business - like . they scan the Plaza Hotel from across the street . the elite exit and enter the hotel . connor glance at he pocket watch . it 's 8:45 . int . plaza HOTEL elevator night they enter . they look ahead , stone - face , as the elevator climb . murphy nervous ? connor a bit . murphy I , too . the elevator stop at the lobby level . nine , well - dress man enter . they face be not show . the boy move to the back wall . one guy say something quickly to another in Russian . the other give a one word Russian response . they boy look at each other . as the elevator climb , they eye focus . the door open . as the man exit the elevator , each face be see individually , all be victim from smecker 's crime scene . the elevator go up half a floor . they hit the stop button and rummage in they bag . they suit up ; black glove and black mask . they strap on four 'mm . pistol with silencer , in shoulder holster , one under each arm . connor take a large coil of black rope and drape it around himself . he look at Murphy and at the rope in he bag . Murphy be too excited to argue . murphy you and you fuck rope . he put it on . they drop to they knee , make the sign of the cross . then , up through the ceiling they go . int . plaza HOTEL elevator shaft night they stand on top of the elevator before a long air shaft . connor ( smile ) see . I tell you there would be a shaft . murphy ( smile ) just like on tv . they jump into the air shaft . int . plaza HOTEL AIR shaft night they start crawl with connor in front and Murphy behind . int . plaza HOTEL suite night the plump boss be stand in the middle of the sink live room . his eight Russian comrade be around he seat on the U - shape pit couch . they speak Russian , but no subtitles be see . the fat man yell . he 's mad about something . int . plaza HOTEL AIR shaft night connor be take lot of random turn , leave and right . he be start to look a bit confuse . int . plaza HOTEL suite night the fat man be really yell at they now . he be scream and point at each man . they seem to be take it seriously . int . plaza HOTEL AIR shaft night they brow be drench with sweat . Murphy crawl up next to connor . there be only enough room for the two to lie on they side face each other . murphy where the fuck be you go ? connor we will find it . just calm down . murphy no , fuck you . this rope be bullshit . I be sweatin ' my ass off draggin ' this stupid thing around . must weigh 30 pound . Murphy take off the rope . connor we be do some serious shit here . now , get a hold of yourself , asshole . murphy asshole !? I be not the rope-totin ' Charlie bronson wanna - be that 's get ' we lose ! connor sh , sh ! fuck you ! connor grab Murphy 's shirt . murphy no , fuck you ! the boy get into a close quarter battle . a occasional insult be throw as foot kick and fist fly . they begin to get tangle in they own rope . the seam of the duct break and a tangle mess of rope and macmanuse pour out . int . plaza HOTEL suite night they crash through the ceiling right above the fat man' head . the rope get catch and slam the boy to a halt , hang they upside down , back to back about six foot above the floor . they be turn in circle . the boss be ball up in the fetal position on the floor . the shocked Russians say only a word or two in panic before the macmanus brother react , reach for they gun . the Russians start to reach for they gun . it 's too late . the boy draw and fire as they spin . take four shot apiece . there be eight dead Russians . chest explode as they fall back on the couch in a loose circle . one victim be blast over the couch . they notice the fat man directly beneath they . Murphy grab he rambo knife , reach up and cut the rope . they land in a heap , scramble over to the doom man and place he on he knee . they each put a gun to the back of he head and recite this prayer in perfect unison . both and shepherd we shall be . for thee , my Lord , for thee . power hath descend forth from thy hand that we foot may swiftly carry out thy command . so we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with soul shall it ever be . E nomini patri , et fili e spiritu sancti . with the silence pop from they gun we cut the sound and go to black and white . ( slo - mo ) choral music start with Latin script be read in the background . they take they rosary out . they slowly walk around , mumble prayer as they care for the dead . they gently turn over the body that be on they stomach . they brush the hair back from the victim face . they place penny in the eye of al the corpse . when they finish they ritual , they pull off they mask and look at each other . they start to grin and look around . they work each other into a healthy chuckle . connor ( look up ) that be some good fuckin ' rope . they both laugh . murphy that be way easier than I think . connor aye . murphy on tv ya always get that asshole that jump behind the couch . connor yeah , and ya gotta shoot at he for ten minute . murphy oh , we be good man . connor yes , we be . they be already stride for a suitcase full of money . Murphy pick up a wad of bill . murphy I love we new job . just then , there 's a knock at the door . they snap into action . they stand at each side of the double door , look through the peephole . they see rocco on the other side dress as a hotel employee . he wear a polyester shirt with gold trim and a name tag that read jaffar . he have a good cart in front of he . they look at each other and grin . Murphy nod . as they open the door , Murphy grab the food cart and pull it in . connor seize the mortify rocco and pull he in , slamm the door shut behind he . they run , drag he and then throw he in the midst of the body . they put they gun right in he face . rocco oh , God ! do not kill I ! we be on the same side ! the boss musta send you in as back up , huh ? oh , shit , please ! I be rocco . I be the funny man . ( almost cry ) they call I the funny fuckin ' man ! connor ( attempt to hide accent ) where 's you gun ? rocco chest pocket . ( they take it ) shit ! connor this be a six -shooter . murphy ( hide accent ) nine body . connor oh , you be good . what be you gonna do ? laugh the last three to death , funny man ? rocco poppa Joe say there be only two . in and out . ( try to make friend ) Boy , you guy sure do a good job . you be good , huh ? cool mask . where would you get they ? connor let 's do he right here . murphy right now . rocco ( scream like a baby ) do not kill I . oh shit , please no . I be rocco . I be the funny man !... the funny man ... the funny . the boy put they face close to he and demask . they start laugh but rocco just lay there , wide - eye , in shock . they boy saunter to the bar . rocco take a long beat . rocco what do you do ?! fuckin ' ... what the fuckin ' fuck ! who the fuck , fuck this fuckin ' ? fuck . how do you two fuckin' , fuck ?......... fuck !!! connor certainly illustrate the diversity of the word . the brother laugh . rocco what the fuck be you do here ? what , huh !? what ? what ? what ? answer ! I want fuckin ' answer ! connor ( slap he face ) get a hold of yourself , man . rocco be silent and surprised . Murphy , also surprised , look at rocco . all be quiet . murphy yeah , get a hold of yourself . Murphy jokingly slap rocco a second time . rocco instantly jump on Murphy , cursing and punch . the brother burst into laughter as they subdue rocco . as he calm down , they release he . connor listen , we gotta get outta here now . we will take separate exit and meet at rocco 's . Murphy put the two suitcase in he duffle bag and the two brush by rocco who be still unsatisfy with he explanation . rocco fuck ! back to present int . rocco' apartment night rocco have remove he hotel jacket . rocco anybody you think be evil ? connor yes . rocco do not you think that 's a little psycho ? a little weird ? connor weird , huh ?... know what I think be weird ? decent man with loving family go home every day after work . they turn on the news and see rapist , murderer , and child molester all get out of prison . murphy mafiosos get catch with 20 kilo and walkin ' on bail the same day . connor Little girl catchin ' stray bullet in they head , playin ' hopscotch in they front yard . and everyone think the same thing ... someone should just go kill that motherfucker . murphy kill they all . admit it , even you have think about it . rocco ponder this as the boy continue to clean they weapon . rocco you guy should be in every major city . the boy chuckle . rocco steadily work himself into a humorous frenzy . rocco this be some heavy shit . this be like Lone Ranger -heavy man . fuck it ! there 's so much shit that piss I off . you guy should recruit ' cause I be sick and fuckin ' tired of walkin ' down the street waitin ' for one of this asshole to get I , y'know ? murphy ( chuckle ) hallelujah , jaffar . rocco so you be not just talkin ' mob guy . you be talkin ' anyone , right ? even like pimp and drug dealer and all that shit ? the boy look at each other and nod . rocco well fuck , you guy could do this every day . murphy we be like 7 - eleven . we be not always do business , but we be always open . connor nicely put . int . rocco' apartment night one hour later the three be party hard . there 's a pizza surround by guinness can as they whoop it up , sit at the round table . rocco wear one of the mask . they be all drunk . the house cat be loung on the table comfortably . rocco you fuckin ' guy . you ruin I . I be fuckin ' do . permanent package boy . murphy who say that ? you could take credit on it . rocco what be you serious ? murphy yeah , fuck it . if you think about it , it 's all you can do really . you can not tell he it be we . go in braggin ' and shit . connor climb the corporate ladder , boy . Don rocco . rocco fuck it ! I be do it . I deserve it . I have be work for that fat bastard since I be in high school and look at this place . the boy nod in agreement . rocco ( work into a frenzy ) they be fuckin ' I man ! hey , they can suck my pathetic little dick . and I will dip my nut in marinara just so the fat fuck can get a taste of home while they be at it . that 's it , it 's do , I be do it . rocco slam he fist down on the table next to Murphy 's gun . the gun go off with a bang ! and blow the loung cat right off the table . a softball -size hole be blast in the wall as a large splatter of blood spray the area surround the hole . everyone be in shock for a second . murphy I can not fuckin ' believe that just happen ! int . rocco' apartment next morning 11:30 a.m. the three be pass out all over the apartment . rocco awaken . he stumble past the wall with the large , round , pink stain on it . there be a crooked picture hang in the middle of it . rocco stagger to the kitchen and throw water in he face over a sinkful of dirty dish . connor awaken , grab he jacket and follow rocco out . ext . rocco' front step continuous connor ( hang over ) donna 's gonna be angry about she cat . rocco shit . she 's on every drug know to man . she would have sell that thing for a dime bag . screw she . ( beat ) but I do kinda feel like a ass-hole . connor ( chuckle ) you sound real remorseful . connor light up two smoke and hand one to rocco . rocco she be not be around in week anyhow . connor ( beat ) listen . something 's be bother I about last night . rocco what ? connor well ... what if you boss know how many guy be suppose to be there ... in that room ? rocco what be you say ? connor think about it man . nine man , six bullet . rocco you think they sell I out ? no way . connor he probably know you would end up nail the fat guy , maybe one or two more , but he have to know you be not walk out of there . figure it out . shooter 's dead on the scene . no in - depth investigation . it would slide right off he back . ' Cause as much as I love ya , you be not exactly Don corleone . what would he be lose ? a thirty - five year old delivery boy ? rocco no , no . that 's just not the way thing be do . besides , how 's he know I do not just get in there see there 's too many and just serve they they fuckin ' food and beat it ? connor he know you , man . he know all you want be to move up . that 's all . a smooth hitter woulda go in there , see it be a wash and slip out . but a guy like you ? knowin ' this be you only chance ? waitin ' eighteen year ? rocco no. no man . that 's ... that 's ... you do not know what you be talk about . that 's bullshit . I know this guy . I mean , thanks for you concern , but that just be not the thing of it . connor do I a favor and roll it around for a bit on you way in . rocco no , look . no roll . nothing need to be roll . Murphy stumble enter scene with rocco and connor . murphy ( to rocco ) where be you goin ' ? ( to connor ) do you tell he ? connor yes . murphy ( to rocco ) then what the fuck ? rocco hey . you do not know that shit for sure . murphy oh , Jesus . you be such a fuckin ' retard ! rocco fuck you ! murphy use you brain for once . be it so unbelievable they do not care about you ? you be fuckin ' dead , you go in there today . Dead ! rocco oh yeah . you two fuckin' mick know what 's go on , huh ? ( flip they off ) fuck you ! connor ( try to calm he ) hey , this be not a thing you should gamble on , roc. a girl ride by on a bicycle , they pause as she ride between they . murphy fuck it ! what kind of flower ya want at you funeral ? ya dumb wop. this be the last time I will see you . bye- bye ya stupid son of a bitch . rocco ( walk away ) I will be back at 9:00 . connor hey . you get in there and start get a bad vibe , get the fuck out quick . int . rocco' apartment late afternoon connor pick up the place as Murphy watch t.v . the phone ring . murphy hello ? rocco ( v.o. ) hey Murph . murphy roc. you okay ? rocco ( v.o. ) yeah . anybody call for I ? murphy no . you sure you be okay ? rocco ( v.o. ) I be fuckin ' fine . ( beat ) catch you on the flip side . rocco hang up . just then donna and she friend rayvie enter the apartment . they be consummate junky slut who be very doped up and giddy . donna ( try hard ) here kitty , kitty ...... kitty . int . sin bin SMALL room night smecker ascend the three , small step up to the round room . a nude dancer sit there on the couch in a robe . she be cry as she be be consol by detective duffy . this small room be where man watch girl through a large glass window . in this room a dancer perform on a floor a few foot above the three private booth where each man watch from he own booth . she appear as if on stage . all three window be shattered and there be blood on the wall of all three booth . we see assort body part in each booth , but no face . dolly ( approach smecker ) she be in here when it go down . smecker can she i.d. they ? dolly they be wear mask . smecker of course they be . how many ? dolly Three . smecker look at dolly surprised . dolly only two do the shoot . ( beat ) so what be you think , Russian retaliation ? smecker Nah , too quick half they infrastructure get take out at the copley plaza . besides , if you be a hitter , you be either work for the Russians or the italian . there 's no riding the fence . we little theory from last night just get blow to shit . something ... new be go on here . smecker sit next to the girl . he have compassion . she cries . smecker probably should not work another shift for awhile . dancer fuck this job . I be get out of the porno business and I do not care who I gotta blow to do it . int . sin bin SMALL room night the body have be remove and chalk outline replace they . the bullet hole in the wall have be mark either a or B. the detective watch smecker . he be a mess . his clothes be dishevel and he hair be frazzle . smecker after talk to the dancer we know that they mark be the guy in the middle booth . after she watch they whack he , she pass out . ( pause ) why the two extra victim ? greenly Witness ? smecker no way they could have see it . smecker hit a orange button on the wall and a black steel door with a money slot come slamm down in front of the first booth . he do the same thing to the last booth , leave the middle one open . both door possess peep hole . smecker ( sarcastic ) allow I to enlighten you gentleman to the protocol of the porno industry , as I be sure you have never be in one of this place before . a man go into the booth , put the money in the slot . the dancer get it on the other side . she hit the button , door go up , now there be only glass between you and it 's ( make a masturbatory gesture with hand ) little fireman time . duffy no way they could have see it ? smecker that door be down ... which mean this . they look down in through the peep hole , see this guy and open the door from the inside . pop , pop , pop , right through the glass . why ? dolly maybe the three of they have something in common . smecker no . this guy be big time . ( point to middle booth ) this two be street - walk scum . greenly ( kid ) then that 's what they have in common . they be all bad guy ... now they be all dead bad guy . smecker seem side - track and ponderous at greenly 's observation . he hit the orange button and raise the door . smecker we get another thing to think about here . we get we a genuine Kennedy assassination style bullet theory . two gun be use here , gun a and B. the guy in the middle be do with both . but this guy ... ( denote right booth ) ...he be kill with bullet from gun a only . and this guy ... ( denote leave booth ) ...gun B only . but ballistic dig two slug out of the wall from over here where the victim be do with A. smecker point to two bullet hole in the wall of the booth on the leave . each be mark " B " . he walk over to the right booth where in the exact location be two identical hole mark " a " . smecker and it 's the same story over here . why the crossover ? ( beat ) theory . dolly that 's just fuck weird . I have no idea . duffy Jesus . I just can not think anymore . that scene over at the coffee shop today tapped I out . smecker what ? duffy a guy go nut over off of commonwealth today . shot three guy to death in a coffee shop in broad daylight . fled the scene . do not have much on he . smecker ( angry ) why be I not inform of this ? greenly they be not related . the guy use a 38 . no penny . totally amateur . smecker who be the victim ? greenly a couple of peon for the mob and ... smecker ( livid ) oh that 's just beautiful ! all the scumbag in the quiet city of Boston start drop dead and you think it 's unrelated ?! greenly , the day I want the Boston Police do my think for I , I will have a fuck tag on my toe ! now , get I a squad car and get I over there . I want the crime scene photo and any witness statement . now ! smecker storm from the room . the detective begin to follow . smecker come barrel back in , shove they out of the way . he look at the bullet hole in the wall mark " a and B " again . something have click . smecker ( wide - eye ) oh ... it look like we get we a cowboy . int . lakeview lunch night smecker survey photo and papers , as he smoke profusely . he stand next to a table in the back where chair be knock over . body chalk and blood stain be everywhere . the detective seem like they do not want to be there , again . smecker the shooter know this guy , huh ? dolly how do you figure ? smecker Friends , gentlemen . they be friend . smecker flash they a photo of a dead body . the victim be shot in the head and face down in he plate of food . his hand be on the table in front of he . smecker this guy be pack . not one hand near a gun . it 's simple human behavior . someone you do not know approach you , you put you hand on it . this guy 's get he hand on the table . he 's eat he food , for Christ sake . they be friend . smecker look over the bar . smecker this two fuck scene be related . too many coincidence . same day ? five hour apart ? Dead mobster on both scene . now , why do he kill the bartender ? duffy crime of passion . he just go nut . he would have shot everyone in here . he just run out of bullet . smecker duffy . this look like a fuck post office to you ? this guy come in here with intent . maybe he do not know exactly what he be gonna do but he have a pretty good idea . the bartender be not a fuck accident . duffy well , we do not get any help on that . a lot of people see it . nobody 's talk . smecker Fucking figure . look , be you guy see the pattern here ? we get big question at both of this crime scene , with no answer . why do they kill the guy in the other two booth ? why do he do the bartender ? it would seem unnecessary , even stupid . ( angry ) God , I hate cold crime scene ! I be fuck leave now . and do I a favor , tell I when the next guy die , cause this guy be not do yet . he storm to the entry way . int . lakeview lunch entry way night smecker walk across the street , still angry , and go to a payphone . there 's a extreme close - up on he hand as he put in a quarter . as the quarter jingle in ... flashback ext . STREET in front of lakeview lunch day ... there be a close - up on a hand pull back from the coin slot . the hand move up to pull a cigarette from its possessor 's mouth . it be rocco . he dial the phone . murphy ( v.o . ) hello ? rocco hey , Murph . murphy ( v.o. ) roc. you okay ? rocco yeah . anybody call for I ? murphy ( v.o. ) no . you sure you be okay ? rocco I be fuckin ' fine . ( beat ) catch you on the flip side . he go across the street and enter salamone 's . int . rocco' apartment day donna and rayvie be lay on the couch . connor be spit - shine he boot by the window . Murphy light he cigarette on the gas stove and pour some salt in a pot of water with a handful of penny boil to a shine in it . rocco burst through the door , hysterical . tear be stream down he face . rocco pack you shit ! we gotta get outta here ! we gotta get out ! connor ( hopping into he boot ) what happen ? rocco I kill they ! oh , Jesus ! I kill they all !! donna rocco ? murphy hey , hey . just calm down . tell we what happen ! rocco no ! fuck you ! you start get excited ! we gotta fuck go ! donna rocco ! connor ( pack up gear ) who do you kill ? murphy ( pack up gear ) Holy shit . who ? how many ? rocco ( rummage through he drawer ) hurry the fuck up ! murphy this be some crazy shit , man ! rocco that cocksucker sell I out ! connor do I fuckin ' tell ya , rocco ? they pull on you first ? donna rocco ! rocco what do I fuckin ' do ?... in the middle of the lakeview . connor lakeview the deli ? oh , shit ! murphy ha ! ha ! roc , you get a jumbo set of coconut ball man ! donna / rayvie rocco ! rocco ( turn in rage ) what ? donna ( softly ) where 's my cat ? rocco ( slight pause ) I kill you fuckin ' cat , you druggie bitch ! donna ( shocked , hurt ) you ... oh god , why ? rocco I feel it would bring closure to we relationship ! donna ( cry ) you kill my ... my ... she stop , unsure of the cat 's name . rocco ( scream ) you what ?! you fuckin ' what ?! donna my , my ... rocco ( put he gun to he own head ) you what , bitch ? I will shoot myself in the head , you can tell I that cat name ! go ahead ... you what ? you precious little ... ( wait for she response ) donna ( flustered , cry ) pee ... per ... man. rocco peeperman ? wrong ? what color be it ?!!! donna it be ... it be ... rocco male or female , bitch ?!! rayvie do not you yell at she you fuckin ' prick ! rocco shut you fat ass , rayvie ! I can not buy a pack of smoke without run into nine guy you fuck . donna do not you yell at she ! rocco rummages through she purse and find she car key . rocco all right , let 's get the fuck outta here ! they exit . rayvie and donna be hugging each other , cry . rayvie be my ... I mean it 's not really ...? donna no. no . it 's not fat . int . car early evening rocco be in the back . connor be drive . rocco that rat fuck ! all of they be all laugh at I man ! murphy you sure you kill they ? int . flashback salamone's day rocco be stand at the back table while he cohort remain seat . they be oly , and vinnie . rocco ( v.o. ) fuckin-a-right I do . I have a goddam turkey shoot over there . vinnie I will bet it be a test . vincenzo come in here shoot he mouth off . he be makin ' sure we know . but we do what we be suppose to , eh ? we keep we mouth shut . you do you part . they know we be goodfella now . we will get take care of . rocco what ? do everyone know ? next thing you will tell I sal be in on it . rocco look at sal the bartender who reach for the phone . oly fuck. vincenzo tell sal first . that fat fuck know before we do . they all start laugh together . oly at least we get we funny man back . they all laugh as rocco pull he gun and shoot oly in the head . he land face down in he plate of food . he shoot vinnie in the chest then turn on sal . he yell " funny , funny , funny " as he pump the remain round into he . int . back to present donna' car connor anybody see ya ? rocco fuck , man ! I may as well have post flyer . right out in public , man . murphy liberate be not it ? rocco ( smile at last ) y'know it be , a bit . the boy laugh . rocco stop the car ! connor pull over directly in front of a pink neon sign that say the Sin Bin . rocco vincenzo , that fat motherfucker , yakavetta 's right hand . he 's the one who set I up . then he go around shoot he mouth off , tell everyone I be as good as dead . he go in there every Wednesday night around 10:00 , he jerk off in the same booth to the same titty dancer . never miss . murphy so ? rocco so let 's kill the motherfucker . I mean , what be you guy ... like that 's you new thing right ? connor ( look at Murphy ) yeah , well ... rocco oh , what the fuck ? how do you guy decide who you be ... I mean , who make the cut ? be there a raffle or something ? murphy well , truth be know , that first one just kinda fall into we lap . rocco well , what 'ya do ? connor I guess we really do not have a system of decide who . rocco ( excited , yell ) meee ! I ! I be the guy ! I know everyone , they habit , where they hang out , who they talk to . I know where they fuckin ' live . we could kill everyone ! murphy ( to connor ) so what do you think ? connor I be strangely comfortable with it . ext . alley behind sin bin night rocco , connor and Murphy be look very serious as they smoke outside the rear door , in the alley . a drug dealer in a hood Boston bruin jacket emerge from the oppose alley . he stop a 13 year - old kid . the kid be scared as the drug dealer slap he . the kid give he money and the drug dealer stuff a small baggie in the boy 's shirt . he let he go and withdraw into the alley . as the boy and rocco watch this from the oppose alley , they begin to head for they , but vincenzo 's car pull up across the street . rocco stop the boy and denote vincenzo . the boy head in the front door . rocco move back into the alley . int . sin bin night vincenzo enter and shuffles past the bar where the brother stand . he walk through a bead curtain at the back of the busy porno house . the boy follow he . int . sin bin hallway night they go to the back , open the exit door and let rocco in . the three wind down long dark hallway with rocco lead the way until they reach a green door . the boy stand , side by side , directly in front of it . rocco be just behind they . the three pull identical 9mm. 's and the boy pull on they mask . rocco put on a mask that he make from a dock worker 's cotton hat . he look ridiculous . murphy okay roc , this be ... he turn and be instantly take with laughter at rocco 's appearance . connor turn , and have the same reaction . rocco what ? you guy get mask . they be now point and laugh . murphy ( through laughter ) you look like mush mouth from fat Albert . rocco ( take off mask ) Fine ! fuck it ! when we be do she can i.d. I . I do not care . just tryin ' to be professional , but no ... connor ( still laugh ) no. no . it look good . c'mon , put it back on . it 's good . he begrudgingly put it back on . they reassume they position . connor ( imitate mush mouth ) okay roc . you sure you be o-b-kay -b ? int . sin bin SMALL room night they burst into the room , climb up a few step and be in a small round room with a couch in it . a topless dancer sit , smoking and drink coffee , on the couch in front of three big black steel door with money slot in they . rocco seize she , put a hand over she mouth and a gun to she head . rocco which one be he in ? she point to the middle door . rocco ( take he hand off she mouth ) what 's he routine ? dancer h ... h... he jerk off in there . th ... then he put money through the slot and I raise the door . murphy how ? she point to a orange button . each door have a button to the leave of it . rocco then what ? dancer he watch I do my thing and f- finish himself off . int . sin bin CENTER booth night we see the fuzzy reflection of a cheap porno movie be reflect in vincenzo 's elvis style sunglass . he be shaking as he masturbate . vincenzo ( grunt , mutter ) do not you talk to I like that , you dirty little ... give it to daddy ... give it to da King ... garbage mouth , garbage mouth . int . sin bin SMALL room night rocco be look through the peep hole down on vincenzo . he still hold the terrify , cry dancer . rocco oh man . he be some sicko . they back up and focus on the money slot . a hundred dollar bill come through . connor give it to the dancer . connor you have earn this . the boy begin to recite they prayer . rocco be smile and excited , he still hang on to the now hyperventilate dancer . they press the button . the door go straight up . vincenzo have one moment of shock before the macmanuse decimate he through the glass with silence bullet . the glass silently spider and begin to fall in spot . his chest explode , sputtering medallion and bit of gold chain inside the booth . the dancer faint and rocco lay she down gently . the boy step down in the boot and begin they ritual . rocco watch intently , intrigue . they finish and turn around to see rocco be immerse in grab one of the unconscious dancer 's breast . they pull up they mask . connor what the fuck be you do ? rocco I - I will tip she . murphy we have team up with a sex offender . connor so , when be you get a plastic fuck doll ? rocco all right . I be sorry . I be pathetic . he get up and start toss money on she as the boy giggle . just then two more bill come through the slot of the other two door , which have remain close . Murphy look through leave peep hole , connor the right . smile spread across they face and they look at each other . they switch and each look through the other guy 's peep hole . rocco what ? what be it ? connor this place be like a scumbag yard sale . murphy we gotta come down here once a week and clean house . rocco look in one . he say " oh , wow " as he cross and check out the other one . rocco you sure about this guy ? the boy look at each other affirmatively . rocco oh man . you gotta let I do this guy . I be such a moron . I gotta make up for the tit thing . connor no way . I have be waitin ' for this asshole . rocco aw , c'mon . I gotta clear my family name here . I have bring shame to the house of della rocco . murphy give the guy a shot . connor ( think it over ) rocco , this be the real deal . we must kill without hesitation , without guilt or remorse . evil man , dead man . rocco get serious and nod he head . connor replace the clip in he gun and hand it to rocco . Murphy do the same . he stand with one in each hand , aim one gun at each door . the boy both place a finger on the appropriate orange button , as rocco slowly cock he head back . with wide eye he thrust he head forward . the door fly up . rocco fire both gun yell " yeah , take it , take it ! " both the drug dealer from outside and the pimp from the emergency room be destroy . rocco then cross he arm and fire two more shot from each gun . on the oppose wall of each booth two identical bullet hole appear . rocco wyatt-fuckin' - earp , man ! int . sin bin just outside the private booth minute later rocco shut the door . rocco you guy gotta teach I that prayer , man . that 's some good shit . connor forget it . it 's a family prayer . my father , he father before he that sort of shit . rocco c'mon ! int . ritzy restaurant bathroom night a old man appear to look at himself in the mirror of a empty but very upper class bathroom . his eye be very glaze over . he put a large leather case on the counter near the sink . a red and white blind stick hang off he right forearm . yakavetta enter , cross behind he and stand next to he . augustus ( 72 year ) sniff the air . a look of angry realization overtake he face . augustus fuck you . yakavetta hey , augustus , I need you help , I get a serious problem here . I be not screwing around . augustus I bounce you on my knee at family reunion , for Christ sake . you dad and I run the whole east coast syndicate you snot - nose little prick . and when you take the wheel , who be beside you ? augustus begin to remove item from he suitcase . first a plate . he set it down next to the sink . then assort cologn , cigarettes and chew gum . he begin arrange they in neat row , always feel with he guide hand . yakavetta hey , I just ... augustus do not start with you shit . do not you talk to I . oh , hey uncle gussy , thanks for year of service . here 's a gold watch and a job sniff other guy ' shit eight hour a day . what be I , a retire bus driver ? yakavetta I need Il duce . augustus the Duke ? ( beat ) what do you do ? yakavetta this kid , this package boy could bring down the whole east coast . if he decide to turn state he could dismantle we ... totally . but it look like for now , he 's content with just kill we one by one . and even worse the kid be good at it . I mean I have a prodigy on my hand the whole time and do not even know it . yakavetta put a envelope of money in the plate . augustus listen kid , I think you better understand who you be deal with here . yakavetta yeah . I be only twelve or thirteen when you guy use to talk about he , like he be a ghost or something . augustus you dad and I use he three time over twenty year , only when everything go totally fuck . believe I kid , you do not want this guy unless you be 100 % sure you need he . he be ... a fuckin ' monster . int . prison processing room day this be a gigantic three tiere room with guard on all tier . they all cock they shotgun . a prisoner be shackle barefoot to a small metal cart on wheel . his hand be cuffed before he with a chain link he hand and foot . a guard be pull the cart through the prison to the parole board room by a long chain . the con have they mirror out to get a better look . his face be in shadow as he bow he head . a metal cage be lower around he from the ceiling . the parole board look he over . a stenographer sit poise mr. cobb ( English accent ) do you feel you have be rehabilitated ? no response be give by the prisoner . the stenographer look at mr. cobb who give she the nod . she begin type though no word be speak . int . ritzy restaurant bathroom day augustus I have have this guy in front of I , and I could not tell you what he look like , sound like . he be the Picasso of assassin , kid . he plant hair sample , blood . put skin under fingernails . he be a fuck genius . only one problem . he 's be rotting in prison for twenty - five or thirty year . do not even know if he 's still alive . or if he 's even up to it . augustus hand he a piece of paper he scribble on . yakavetta there 's way around that . augustus go find one . int . parole processing room day a large piece of paper be place on the table and stamp with the word parole grant across it . int . HOTEL room boston day the prisoner , Il duce enter . he be clad in a long dark trench coat with the collar pull up , dark round glass and a dark hat . he put a suitcase on the bed . he walk over to the window . he slowly put he hand outside and watch the sun bounce off it . tear begin to flow from beneath he glass as he break down . he begin to take off he clothes as he weep , casting they aside . ext . HOTEL room FIRE escape back alley dusk the Duke be fully naked , except for a hotel blanket which be wrap around he waist , sit on the fire escape . he smile and be still misty - eye as he behold the sun set . scatter around he be all the furnishings of freedom ; snicker bar , all kind of empty candy wrapper , Coke can , and many assort magazine . int . coffee house night 2:00 a.m. rocco and the brother sit in a old Boston coffee house . rocco let 's talk some business here . I know a sick fuck ... make the one we be do look like altar boy . worst night of my life when I meet this guy . flashback ext . suburban beaver cleaver -type house dusk rocco wait in a late model chevelle in front of a white house . a man exit the house and walk across the sprawling front lawn . rocco lean over and say how ya doin ' , man ? the man do not respond and sit in the passenger seat . during the follow scene we flashcut between bit of rocco 's experience that night to the coffee house and catch bit of dialogue as he explain . rocco the guy never say a fuckin ' word to I . we be drive for 25 minute . never a sigh , no throat clear , nothing . and he face , blank man . just nothing there . ext . decrepit house night continued flashcut : they pull up to a house in a scummy , Boston Logan Airport neighborhood . rocco get out and sit on the hood smoking as the man make he way up the walk . int . decrepit house continued two tough look wiseguy walk across a hallway cock shotgun . they disappear into a room . flashcut : he quietly enter the house and pull a large bright - blue plastic tarp from he coat and spread it across the floor in the hallway . we hear the sound of sega video game be play . he pull out two pistol with silencer and walk . he disappear into the live room . two white flash and the sound of silencer . a hookerish look mom enter frame in the b.g. in the kitchen . she be talk on the phone . she disappear from view . the man reappear and walk to the kitchen . a white flash and the sound of silencer . he walk right down the hall and halt right in front of we and listen . he go into the room the wiseguy have enter . we hear a second of male voice in protest . two flash of light and the sound of silencer . a dog be hear bark . the man reappear in the hall and walk to its end , through the kitchen . he open a pair of slide door and step out of we view . a flash of white light and the sound of a silencer . ext . decrepit house night continued rocco be out front listen as the bark abruptly cease . int . decrepit house night continued flashcut : the man drag a dead dog across the kitchen floor , leave a streak of blood . flashcut : he drag the body of two kid , two man and the woman down the hall toward we leave the hall carpet streak with blood . rocco I do not see what he be do while he be in there . flashcut : the man pull out a large hunt knife and disappear into each room . the sound of hack be hear . he reappear hold different piece of bloody debris . a telephone , a piece of carpet , piece of drywall . he take a mop and clean off the blood on the linoleum of the kitchen floor . he walk toward we and stab the mop in right before camera . it stay stand . flashcut : we see from he p.o.v. a pile of break body , bloody debris and a dead dog with a mop stick out the top . ext . decrepit house night continued flashcut : the man step outside and motion rocco in . flashback ext . back factory lot night rocco 's face be now expressionless as the two load the last body in the furnace and toss the dog in , unload from rocco 's trunk . they shut the furnace door and there be just the low hum of a furnace and the light wind blow . the man I have a poker game at the house every Saturday with a couple of guy you know . why do not you come down ? wife make a hell of a bar-g-que . rocco ( pause ) yeah ... yeah , I would like that . tell I something . what do they do ? the man I do not know . back to present int . coffee house night rocco be look down in silence . rocco worst day of my life , man . murphy ( pause ) well , I be sell . connor do not worry , roc . we will do this guy right and you will feel a lot better . int . rocco' mom' kitchen next day 1:00 p.m. the three burst in , all yell at each other . they be all bleed profusely from gun shot wound . connor turn on the gas stove and slam a new clothing iron down on the burner . he have wrap the cord around the handle so it will not burn . they have all rip they clothes haphazardly and have make tourniquet to nurse they wound . connor who the fuck be he , rocco ? I know you fuckin ' know ! rocco fuck you ! I tell you I never see he before ! murphy well he sure as fuck know you ! rocco fuck you both ! ya ask I , he be aim at you ! the scene fade into total silence as they viciously argue . they then take turn hold each other down as they cauterize they wound with the hot iron . two guy will hold a third down and force a wad up pillow case in he mouth , as they burn he ext . boston suburban beaver -cleaver type house same day 5:00 p.m. smecker sit on the ball of he fee on a sprawling front lawn . he look out to the street and see a forensics technician kneel before a new , gray Ford Taurus riddled with bullet hole . the man mark a sea of different - size bullet casing that stretch for thirty - five foot down the sidewalk . he circle two blood stain on the side walk with orange chalk . smecker turn and look at the front of the house . it be pepper with bullet hole , all seemingly concentrate on the front stoop area . Men try to lift blood sample off the white paint around the door . he stand and dolly , duffy and greenly be ready with pen and notebook behind he . smecker okay . here 's what happen . flashback int . parked family van same day noon connor , Murphy and rocco sit in a park van , down the street from the beaver cleaver house . the three be sit next to each other in the longer back seat . they have a counter in front of they with all they gun and accessory on it . the click of bullet into clip , and smack of clip into gun be hear . smecker sit in the captain 's chair directly across from they , calmly smoking a cigarette . they finish they preparation . rocco hold up he gun . smecker they wait in a park car down the street for the kid to leave . Murphy spy a young boy peddle he bike out of the driveway . he go to the front of the van . murphy there he go . ( turn back to they , pull he gun ) okay , gentleman . be we ready to bring this man into the light ? be we ready to truly do the work of the Lord ? connor ( cock he pistol ) a-fuckin' - man ! rocco this be so fuckin ' cool ! ext . suburban beaver cleaver type house day connor , Murphy , and rocco make a frenzied exit from the van and walk across the front lawn , each carry a black duffle bag and clutching a mask . the garage be open a crack . they pull it up all the way . the sun shine in on smecker who stand there smoking . int . suburban " beaver cleaver " type house garage day they enter and close the door behind they smecker they go in through the garage . the kid say he leave it open when he take he bike out . they dive into they bag and suit up with leather glove , mask , navy p-coat and they gun . int . suburban " beaver cleaver " type house day the three open the door and enter the house and walk deliberately down the hallway . smecker ( v.o. ) now , they know the wife be the gate keeper . she know the code . ext . suburban " beaver cleaver " type house backyard day they walk with the terrify woman around the pool to a steel door pool house entrance . there be a number pad next to the door . rocco position she in front of it . rocco do not fuck with I lady . I will kill you . she slowly punch in the number . smecker be stand there smoking . smecker the wife say she do not know what happen after she hit the code . she just remember go down . but , judge by the burn mark on she back , I think what they do ... rocco pull a stun gun and zap she with it . she go down . smecker ... be use a stun gun on she . connor reach for the knob but rocco stop he . they wait , gun draw and focus on the door knob . smecker now the guy know a friend be come to the game . and they know that this door can only be open from the inside . so they wait ... and when that door open , man ... the knob turn and they kick it in . int . poolhouse - day they burst in and line up shoulder to shoulder , gun aim . smecker stand beside rocco with he thumb and forefinger extend to mimic gun . five mafiosos sit around a poker table in front of time . two man be play pool to they leave . rocco quickly scan the room . rocco all of they . they begin fire . Men be die , they chest explode . smecker move he hand like fire gun and yell over the noise . smecker nobody be ready for it . devastation , panic ! this be like shoot fish in a fuckin ' barrel ! smecker point to the pool table as the two player dive under it . smecker now this guy dove under the table . the trajectory on the bullet show they come from straight across . so this mean one of we shooter ... drop to he knee ... smecker drop to he knee in perfect synchronicity with rocco . they be side by side and lean back . rocco fire and the man under the table skip around as they be riddled with bullet . smecker 's mimick hand follow he perfectly with each shot . the boy and rocco demask . rocco go around to all the body and look earnestly at each one , as connor and Murphy pick up bullet casing . rocco shit !... shit ! he be not here . murphy what the fuck do you mean ? rocco I mean he be not here . connor look again for fuck sake ! rocco I know what the fuck he look like ! smecker something go wrong . right here . int . poolhouse bathroom day the man they come for get off the toilet and pull up he pants . he be expressionless . he pull a towel rack from the wall . int . poolhouse day the door behind rocco begin to open outward . as the door swing open , rocco try to angle a gun around to shoot the man who be open it . but as soon as the man see he hand , bam ! he come down on it with the towel rack . rocco pull back in pain drop he other gun but the gun fire , as the man 's blow connect . the shot pierce he stomach and send he against the wall . he hold he abdomen in pain . there be a moment of recognition between the man and rocco . rocco be terrify as the man dive on he and they begin fight . Murphy jump to help , but connor pull he back . they both stand in front of the pool table about thirty foot from rocco . connor let the boy go ! he be now be choke , as he glare at they in disbelief . murphy c'mon roc ! smecker now , one of this guy be a real sicko . he know this man . he want he to suffer , to feel every second of a painful death . as rocco be wrestle and punch on the floor . he look up . rocco help I you asshole ! ( they continue to cheer ) he 's gonna fuckin ' kill I ! ( he fight harder ) smecker this guy be one bad motherfucker . rocco I do not wanna die !!!!! Murphy be aching to help but connor be more steady . a man who have be shot start to regain consciousness . connor turn he back to shoot he ( slo - mo ) . Murphy see he opportunity , pull the cue ball from the table , and roll it silently across the carpet toward rocco . connor fire with he leave hand and as the case eject from the gun he catch it in mid air and make the sign of the cross . rocco be on he back , the man be straddle he . they both have each other throat and be try to strangle one another . when the ball be within arm reach , rocco slam he hand down on it and knock he assailant in the skull . he straddle he and begin to mercilessly beat he face in with the cue ball , yell " you sick fuck ! " he finally stop , get up , run toward the boy , and throw a exhaust punch at connor who just lay roc down on the pool table and say , " nicely do , boy " . Murphy tend to roc. connor check out the man and seem surprised . Murphy take the bloody cue ball from rocco 's hand and polish it off on he jacket , make sure connor cannot see . he replace it perfectly on the table . smecker now stand in front of the table with the cue shine in the background . smecker I have never see wound like this before , but whatever he use on this guy , it be a blunt object and they take it with they . smecker exit to the leave as greenly enter from the right , follow smecker out . he walk by the table furiously scribbling in he notebook . connor , Murphy and rocco exit the room , penny in the eye of all the corpse in the background . rocco hold two duffle bag full of poker money . greenly stop , pick up the cue ball and look at the dead man . he shake he head and say , " Nah " . ext . suburban " beaver cleaver " type house front lawn day smecker stand in the middle of the front lawn . his hair be a mess . he 's chain -smoke . his clothes be dishevel . his eye be psychotic . he point to the park Taurus as six man in dark suit appear in a fuzzy , out - of - focus shot . they line up shoulder to shoulder on the sidewalk . smecker they exite out the front door . and they have no fuck idea what they be in for . ext . suburban " beaver cleaver " type house front lawn day rocco , connor and Murphy walk toward the front door . ext . suburbank " beaver cleaver " type house sidewalk day ( slo - mo ) two black leather boot slowly walk up the sidewalk and stop in front of the new , gray Ford Taurus then turn toward the house . Il duce remove a white balloon fill with a few ounce of fluid from the pocket of he black trench coat . he throw it on the walk , the blood splatter . he pick up the remnant of the balloon and put they back in he pocket and stand there wait , look at the house . ext . suburban " beaver cleaver " type house front stoop day the boy come out , rocco in the middle and slightly ahead of they . they look out to the walk , stunne . smecker now they be stare at six guy with gun draw . it be a fuck ambush . we three heroes stand , they jaw drop as they point of view reveal the Il duce , stand alone , he hand fold in front of he . suddenly , he throw open he trench coat to reveal a special leather vest beneath . six gun , all different , be holster on the front of it : three on each side extend from just below he collar bone to he abdomen . connor and Murphy do not hesitate . they each draw one of they now unsilence gun from they shoulder holster and aim , one arm over each of rocco 's shoulder . the Duke draw he top two weapon and aim . smecker and this be a fuck bomb drop in beaver cleaverville ! for a few second this place be armageddon ! there be a fire fight ! they all start shoot at once . the noise be deafen . the Taurus be be pierce and the front of the house be splintering as it be riddled with bullet . smecker be still in the middle , hand raise to the heaven , turn circle . rocco 's pinky finger get shot off , send blood splattering against the house . he dive in the bush reeling . he pull a gun and start fire . Murphy catch a bullet in the arm and dive for the bush as well . Il duce with lighten speed , drop the gun and pull the next two down as he walk to he right about ten foot . he commence fire and the casing hit the sidewalk , all different caliber and size be drop down the walk . it 's he and connor and nobody be back down . they both grind they tooth as they fire rapidly at each other . at the same moment , the Duke get hit in the arm and connor take a bullet in the leg . the fire cease for a moment . connor remain steady and Il duce look down at he arm and he own blood splatter on the sidewalk . IL duce no !... no! no !... he drop the gun and pull the last two as he move to the right . he fire with wrath as he scream the word no over and over . rocco and Murphy return fire from the bush yell and swear , as connor do the same from he position on the stoop . the Duke turn and run , leave a sea of casing , and gun that extend for 35 foot down the walk . there be also two blood stain . in a frenzy the boy and rocco get up and withdraw some spray bottle from they bag . the begin spraying all they own blood stain on the stoop and the front of the white house . they then pick up they thing and run off . ext . suburban " beaver cleaver " type house front lawn day smecker come back to reality and light a cigarette in front of dolly , duffy , and greenly . greenly what if it be just one guy with six gun ? smecker why do not you let I do the think , huh , genius ? he turn to the forensics guy at the front of the house and begin to walk over to he . smecker what be take so long with that blood sample ? forensics woman # 1 I can not get a good sample . there be variable here I be not see . smecker put he finger through a big blood stain on the door and smell it . smecker ( in shock , and rage ) they use ammonia ... none of this shit be any good ... fuck ... you know what this mean ?! even if we get suspect in this case , we get nothing ... nothing ! he start kick the bush and try to tear they with he hand as he rage . the police and forensics all back off . smecker ( scream ) who the fuck be they ?! I have never see any - fuck - thing like this in my whole fuck life . who the fuck be they ?!! he back against the building and slide down to a sit position in the bush as if he have give up . he raise he head and there he see rocco 's pinky finger lie undiscovered in the bush . he pull a small plastic bag from he pocket and scoops it up . he shove it back into he pocket and race off . duffy what ? that 's it ?! int . rocco' mom' kitchen night rocco , connor , and Murphy be sit around the table . they be numb with pain and silently sip beer . suddenly , smecker come on the news make a announcement that he be head up the investigation to find the three of they . rocco shut it off . connor shit . rocco what ? ( point to tv ) what , that guy ? murphy that 's the guy that get we off the hook with the " checkov " thing . connor and he be one smart man . rocco they get nothing . connor this guy be very sharp . if he have not figure we out yet , he will . murphy you bet you ass he will . rocco well , I would say that make he a lia - fuckin-bility . the boy look at each other . connor he be not to be touch . murphy he 's a good man . rocco okay ... whatever . ( look at the bloody mess ) my Mom 's gonna kill I . int . smecker' bedroom night smecker be sit at a computer terminal . he have just hook into the f.b.i. 's computer network with he authorization code . he be disgust as he put on surgical glove and finger print the severe finger onto a scanner . he wait for a moment . rocco 's face and rap sheet come up on he screen . he be in disbelief . smecker no . this be all wrong . David della rocco ? flashback ext . police station front step rocco on the step of the police station when rocco bring the boy they clothes . back to present int . smecker' bedroom night he pick up the phone . maria ( v.o. ) Boston Police Department . smecker yeah . Maria , this be smecker . could you find I the visitor 's list for the day the macmanus brother be in and read I all the name ? she read a few name then hit David della rocco . smecker okay , thank you . he hang we , put in a smoke , and knock he head back in deep think . int . gay bar night smecker be drink like a fiend . he be disturb and rowdy . he 's a bad drunk . he downs a shot and motion for another one . the bartender come over . bartender you have have quite a bit , Paul . be you sure you ... smecker pour the drink , faggot - ass ! he obey . a good look gay man come up and whisper in smecker 's ear and point to the back room . smecker okay ... but I do not cuddle . they proceed to the back . smecker be stumbling . ext . STREET in front of church early morning rocco pull vincenzo 's car to the curb and the macmanus ' exit . rocco hey ! we gotta talk about this early morning church shit . murphy we have to go now . ( giggle ) we be on the lamb . ext . STREET in front of the gay bar early morning smecker stagger out of the bar . he be a absolute wreck . rocco exit a package store just down the street . he be open a new pack of cigarettes . he be surprised when he see smecker at the other end of the block . he follow the stumbling agent , fumble for he gun . ext . STREET in front of church early morning Paul see a church and reflect for a moment before crossing the street and go in , rocco a safe distance behind . int . church early morning connor and Murphy be at prayer in the back of the church . it be mostly empty because of the early hour . connor look up and see smecker and rocco way up in the front . his eye be ablaze . he be up and walk and do not bother Murphy , who remain penitent . there be two confessional booth with a priest booth in the middle . smecker go in the booth on the far leave . rocco try the door , it 's lock . a middle - age priest slip a key in the priest booth and open the door . rocco shove he in and go in behind he . connor have quickened he pace . he try both door . they be lock . he go into the confessional on the right . int . church priest booth early morning rocco put he gun to the priest 's head . rocco you gonna do what I say , get it ? priest yes . rocco I be sorry you be gonna hafta see this . do not look at I ! priest I be sorry , I be sorry . I do not see . rocco shut up ! shut the fuck up ! int . church connor' confessional early morning connor be furiously work he finger through the lattice work to open the slider to the priest 's booth from he side . int . church priest booth early morning rocco take the priest and put he face in front of the slider to smecker 's booth , gun to the back of he head . priest do not do this my son . rocco open it ! priest have you no fear of God ? rocco that 's who I be do this for , now open the fuckin' thing . connor get the slider open . rocco 's long hair hang just inch from connor 's face . connor put he thumb and forefinger through , desperately reach for a lock of rocco 's hair . rocco jostle the priest and put the gun hard to he head . rocco Father , I will do you right here . priest ( slowly obey , whisper ) God have mercy on my soul . rocco start to move the priest aside and put he gun to smecker 's now open slider . just then connor snag a piece of rocco 's hair and pull he back hard and fast by it , until he head slam into the lattice work . rocco grab the priest back into position . connor grab a nice wad of rocco 's hair with he leave hand , so that the side of rocco 's face be now press to the lattice . connor then put a gun to rocco 's head . connor ( hard whisper ) you little fuck . let he go . I will drop you right here . rocco okay , just calm down . he could hurt we , brother . he could ruin the whole thing . connor let he go or I will deliver you , right now . ( pull hammer back ) rocco you will not do it connor , you will not . you love I man . int . church confessional booths early morning smecker wake up from a drunken stupor . he look through the slider window at the barely discernible face of the now cry priest . smecker ( slur , loud ) hello ? you there ? priest y- yes my son . rocco ( whisper ) do you thing Father . do not fuck this up . priest ( whisper to rocco ) what do you want I to say ? rocco just be natural , goddamit . priest how long since you last confession , my son ? smecker oh , Christ , uh , I have never confess . the priest can hear connor and rocco whisper , but smecker cannot . smecker accord to the dogma of the Catholic church , I should probably burst into flame right here in this booth . but I have come here for advice , not salvation . connor and rocco stop and listen now . priest why have you come to a church for council if you be not religious ? smecker ( ponderous ) why have I come to a church ? I never have before . I guess I just ... feel I should . priest what be it my son ? smecker it 's ethic . I put evil man behind bar , but the law have mile of red tape and loophole for this ... cocksucker to slip through . I have find out there be this two young man who fix the situation with a iron fist . as if they have God 's permission . but what they do be wrong and I should arrest they ... technically . priest God 's permission ? God do not ... rocco shake the priest . smecker but in this day and age I believe what they do be ... necessary . I feel it be ... correct . priest you believe ? smecker yes . priest you feel ? smecker yes . priest you feel ? a soul be what give you feeling . happiness , guilt , right or wrong . it be a conduit through which the Lord speak to we . you feel that you answer would be here in the house of God today . you feel this man be necessary . the Lord have speak to you twice this day . rocco and connor show they individual look of surprise . smecker ( sarcastically ) have he now ? priest you have enter the house of the Lord of you own free will speak of belief and feeling . be it so much to believe that God have bring you here ? smecker I guess not . priest it be easy to be sarcastic about religion . it be harder to take small hint from God , you feeling and listen to they ... to take a stand . the look of surprise on rocco and connor 's face show that the priest be do a hell of a job . smecker you be right . priest that who do not act be in a constant state of ethical indecision . smecker I want to stand for what I believe in , father . priest then you must find out what you belief be . smecker I believe this young man be right . priest you know they personally ? smecker yes . priest do you think they would harm a innocent man , for any reason ? smecker no . they would never do that . the priest start to show sign of anger as he start turn to rocco . smecker well , the two irish guy would not . but the italian guy , he might . he 's kind of a idiot . fear return to the priest face . rocco press the gun hard to the priest head and jostle he . rocco ( whisper to priest ) goddam right , I be . smecker I be beginning to see . I have be do my job ... well for fifteen year and it 's just not enough . all the thing I wish I could do , this guy be do . million of dollar in tax payer ' money waste on shit like wire tap and surveillance . theses boy go in and take care of it for the price of a bullet . ( look up ) ww - what do you think I should do ? because I be a law man . rocco jostle the priest again . priest the law of God be higher than the law of man . smecker ( the cloud have lift ) yes ! yes ! I be think that , too . no . I be feel it . all I need be to hear you say it ! amen ! I will help they . priest ( whisper ) forgive I father . smecker thank you , Father , thank you . ( he attempt the sign of the cross but screw it up ) whatever . Goodbye , amen . smecker exit and they all let go after a brief pause . rocco turn and start fix up the priest 's ruffle suit . rocco I would not have , uh , kill you , Father . ( sign cross ) dominus ominus . remember , you be bound . you can not talk about this ... to anyone . priest just go ! int . church early morning rocco exit the booth and shut the door behind he . connor be stand outside , hand on he hip . rocco smile at he as connor fume . rocco ( giggle ) the Lord work in mysterious way . connor slap he in the back of the head and kick he in the ass . rocco 's still giggle as they exit . int . phone booth uptown later smecker that 's all you can give I ? int . phone booth downtown continuous we shoot alternate coverage between the two location . connor well , the light catch the side of he face for a second . and it look like he have a gray beard , maybe ... late fifty , early sixty . smecker so you be tell I it be one guy with six gun ? a- and he be a senior fuck citizen ? connor I think it 's better if we find this man before he find we again . smecker I will see what I can do . how do I get in touch with you ? connor we be go to hit poppa Joe tonight , right in the comfort of he own home . then we move on to New York . it 's get a bit hot for we here . smecker be careful . connor I will call you tonight , afterwards . ( hang up ) int . ritzy restaurant bathroom night smecker stand beside augustus , just the way yakavetta do . augustus I do not know who he be . nobody do . smecker toss a envelope of cash in he plate , just as yakavetta do . smecker what do he bring he in for ? augustus need a outsider . the package boy know everyone . he would spot we hitter a mile away . smecker just for he ? augustus well he 's the one shoot up all he guy , right ? he 's scared of the kid . say he 's real good , get every available gun in the city up there . smecker up where ? augustus up he house . I do not know what 's go on but I know it 's gotta have something to do with this kid . smecker oh fuck ! ( run out ) int . yakavetta's house basement hall night there be several body in the hall , some with penny in they eye , some without . down the dark basement hall there be more gore . the boy and rocco can be hear scream from a room in the basement . yakavetta 's voice be hear yell and in command . int . yakavetta's house basement room night connor , Murphy , and rocco be all hand cuffed to chair in the seat position . they clothes be rip and they have be beat severely . blood cover they . rocco have be uncuffed and two man hold he open hand up as yakavetta put a pistol at the base of he remain pinky finger . several other hold he down as he and the boy scream in tough protest . yakavetta ( yell ) you gonna tell I what 's go on here ?! huh ! you little fuck ! gimme some answer ! they all yell for he to fuck off . although rocco be terrify , he be hold out . yakavetta fire and rocco 's finger be go . the blood splatter on connor 's face . rocco scream in pain say fuck you through he sob . after be - cuffing rocco , yakavetta and he goons exit . int . yakavetta's house basement hall night yakavetta be in the hall with four man . geno ( 35 year ) very big . chappy ( 22 year ) wear sunglass even in the dark , try to look cool . hojo ( 28 year ) be slick and good-look . another mafioso cohort be with they as well . yakavetta what do you guy think ? geno they be tough . no way they be gonna talk . hojo I know rocco . he be not smart enough for this shit . this other guy be the brain . he 's just a player . yakavetta there 's only one way to get they to talk . int . yakavetta's house basement room night he walk back into the room . he saunter up to rocco very nonchalantly and shoot he in the chest . his chair be blow back to the floor . the boy be scream and cry as yakavetta walk out . rocco ( struggle to talk ) you guy ? connor ( cry ) we be here brother . rocco you gotta keep go . murphy ( sobbing ) we will keep go , roc. rocco you will make it outta here . you can not ever stop , not ever . as rocco die , they fall into prayer . int . yakavetta's house front foyer night yakavetta light up a cigar and talk to he man . chappy once you set he in motion , you can not call he off . he think it 's still on . yakavetta stop as if terrify with a think . yakavetta oh Jesus Christ ! hojo what ? I ... yakavetta hey , I do not have my name spray paint on the front of this house . there be no big picture of I anywhere . if this guy think the job be still a go then I get green money say the mother fucker 's out in the bush already . I be fuck go ! I be leave you guy to deal with this . the four guy be leave alone . they all look far from confident except for Geno . geno one fuck guy , so what . hojo why do not you take the front . ( point ) you guy cover that other exit and if you see he , do not flag he down , just kill the mother fucker . I be go back down to work on this prick . int . yakavetta's house basement room night Murphy have scootch he chair in front of connor 's . he have he back to connor . he stretch he neck over and bite at the collar of he p- coat . he gather as much of the material in he mouth as he can . he start to yell , " do it ! " but it be muffle . connor , still sobbing , begin to kick he brother 's leave hand repeatedly . he turn it into a bloody piece of break meat as Murphy scream through the shirt . finally , it be break enough and Murphy pull it through the cuff . he stand and break the chair into piece and grab the sharpest piece . hojo enter and Murphy shove the sharp stick up through the bottom of he chin into he head . he drag he around the room yell mumbo jumbo into he face as connor jump up and down in he chair in rage , want a piece of the action . Murphy throw the man down and connor proceed to viciously kick he dead body . the two have turn into barbarian . Murphy remove the man 's two gun , shiny nickel - plate 45s . int . yakavetta's front foyer night there be a knock at the door . Geno jump with fright and then look out the peep hole . he see a well - form pair of woman 's breast in a cheap dress . he open the door . a stun blonde stand before he . she look like a hooker . she wear a short , hot pink dress and a white scarf around she neck , as well as six inch platform heel . smecker as woman joey bevo send I over . as entertainment . the woman speak and it be apparent that this be actually smecker in drag . geno listen baby . tonight be not the night for this shit . ( beat ) bevo 's so great . always send we hot girl . smecker you look like you could use a quickie . smecker kiss he full on the lip and rub up against he . Geno be convinced . he bring she inside . geno hey , chappy ! chappy ( chappy , emerge way down the hall ) what the fuck ? geno I be not be laid in a week . take five minute . chappy if I die cause you be get a piece of ass , I will come back and beat you to death with a big rubber dick . geno do not worry about it . int . yakavetta's house night he take smecker into a small bathroom adjoin the foyer . they be instantly in the throw of passion . they grope each other and smecker cleverly avoid any contact with he crotch . smecker lie down on the floor and start to wiggle and seductively touch himself . Geno stand over he , straddle smecker 's hip as he undoe he pants . suddenly , smecker grab both of Geno 's ankle and have he lock in position . he repeatedly kick Geno in the ball from he lie position on the floor . the guy fall on he back unconscious . smecker use a silencer , shoot he in the head . int . yakavetta's house hall night he start to whisper , " it 's on now . it 's on now . too far . " as he walk down the hall , stride in he high heel , wig back in place . he thoughtlessly blow chappy away as he pass he position and run down a long hallway . he turn a corner and point he gun at the mafioso cohort but pause . he be already sit with he throat cut . smecker look puzzle as Il duce withdraw from the shadow behind he . the Duke pistol whip smecker . he 's out . int . yakavetta's house basement room night connor and Murphy be on they knee in front of rocco , whom they have sit back up in the chair . they be gently place penny in he eye and sobbing as they begin to recite the prayer . as they speak , Il duce watch . he then begin to whisper the prayer right along with they . they word match up perfectly . he lean against the wall , holster he gun , and withdraw a cigarette . he roll it along he tongue and twist it into he lip . the boy be still recite as he strike a match . they react instantly . still kneel they each point a nickel - plate 45 toward the Duke . they turn in time to see the light from the match illuminate he face . Il duce pause then he stride into the room and proceed to recite the last half of the prayer . he stop between the kneel boy and finish off the prayer . the boy be stunne as they realize this be they father . he make the sign of the cross over rocco . then he look down to the upturn face of he son . he place a hand on each of they cheek . int . cheap boston HOTEL room night 3 month later both sleep boy throw they arm out , mimick a crucify Christ . they father turn , see this , turn back . the boy wake with a start . connor look to he father , who be already stare at he . connor how far be we go with this , Da ? father the question be not , " how far ? " the question be , " do you possess the constitution , the depth of faith to go as far as be need ? " int . courthouse back foyer area morning smecker open the door from the inside and let the macmanus father and son in . he walk one way they walk the other through the grand courthouse hall . int . courtroom morning the media , with they camera and notebook , be at the back of the courtroom . yakavetta be testify on the stand . he be cocky . the judge warn yakavetta that he will have no more of this behavior in he courtroom . media man 1 ( whisper to # 2 ) look at he charisma . he 's the next John gotti. media man 2 he will walk . even with all this evidence . media man 1 look . ( point to the leave and right section of courtroom seating ) all yakavetta 's people be on the right . all the family of the man he have kill be on the leave . everyone want some justice . media man 2 look at he . he do not have a care in the world . he 's gonna walk . int . foyer to courtroom day the macmanusus stand in the foyer . there be a pair of door that go to the outside hallway and a pair that go to the inside courtroom . there be a armed guard directly inside the courtroom , in front of the door . the door open a crack and connor wave the guard into the foyer and start talk to he . then dad zap he with a stun gun . the guard be on the floor , incapacitate and drool as the boy handcuff he . connor pull out a length of chain and drape it through the door handle that lead from the hall into the foyer . he lock they in with a padlock . father how long do this put a man down for ? murphy ten minute . the father zap the incapacitate man a second time as he lay . father twenty be a bit better . they suit up , connor and Murphy in they usual mask and glove , dad be already in he usual dark hat and glass . the boy start for the courtroom door but dad gently hold they back . he take a moment , then slowly remove he hat and glass . his son look at one another and then remove they mask . the three look into each other eye for a moment . int . courtroom day judge due to the lack of hard evidence ...... the three burst in , gun draw , and be walk down the aisle . father all media to the back ! Drop the camera ! Drop them ! terrify , they all obey . connor and Murphy pull yakavetta from the witness booth by he hair and place he on he knee just before the judge 's bench . they face he toward the occupant of the courtroom . the father walk up and motion for the judge , who be now bang he gavel and shouting in protest , to come off the stand . as soon as he be within arm reach , dad take he by the collar and drag he down the aisle all the way to where the media stand in horror . he turn and walk back down the aisle . father ( loudly ) you people have be choose to reveal we existence to the world . you will witness what happen here today and you will tell of it afterwards . all eye to the front . yakavetta ( look to he comrade ) fuckin ' do something ! the father keep they cover . he pass the front , he look and see a virginal - looking woman with she head down cry into she hand . she be on the leave side . he gently tilt she chin forward , she eye fixate on a fade blue butterfly on the back of he hand . father ( whisper ) ( whisper ) you must watch dear . it will all be over soon . ( she obey ) the father take out a flask . he pour the booze on the judge bench and set it ablaze . Fire alarm start to sound . connor and Murphy jump up on the lawyer ' table . Murphy on the prosecution side , connor on the defense . the father have he saw - off to the back of yakavetta 's head . connor ( yell over the alarm ) now , you will receive we . murphy ( yell over the alarm ) we do not ask for you poor or you hungry . connor we do not want you tired and sick . murphy it be you corrupt we claim . connor it be you evil , who will be seek by we . murphy with every breath we shall hunt they down . connor each day we will spill they blood till it rain down from the sky . murphy do not kill , do not rape , do not steal . this be principle which every man of every faith can embrace . connor this be not polite suggestion . they be code of behavior and that that ignore they will pay the dearest cost . ( point to yakavetta ) murphy there be vary degree of evil . we urge you lesser form of filth ( point to yakavetta 's people ) not to push the bound and cross over into true corruption ... into we domain . connor for if you do , there will come the day when you look behind you and see we three . and on that day you will reap it . murphy and we will send you to whatever God you wish . connor and Murphy jump off the table . they approach yakavetta and stand on either side of they father . all three man hold gun to he head and recite the prayer . as they speak , the right side of the courtroom scream in protest . the leave watch in wide - eye terror , although some man encourage they to do it . the macmanus ' read the prayer . they do not falter as the flame rage behind they . yakavetta , accept he fate , close he eye . peacefully , he do the sign of the cross . the all fire at once . the room explode in confusion . the three exit the back . int . long cement hallway sublevel of courthouse the macmanuse be all shackle and in blue jumpsuit of the Boston lock - up facility with bag over they head . duffy be in full uniform with a shotgun behind they . smecker be lead the prisoner down the hall . he flash he f.b.i . identification to every cop he encounter . int . courthouse inside grande foyer step day the media be in a frenzy . Little bit of the story be know . the people from the leave and right side of the courtroom be yell and push each other as camera and microphone try to pick up the news . finally all the focus come to the virginal woman who have be sit in the front row . all light , camera and microphone be on she . reporter 2 ( v.o. ) yes ! be you in the courtroom miss ? do you see ? woman ( frail ) ( frail ) yes . I be there . reporter ( v.o. ) how do you feel about what they do ? ( slo - mo ) she see at the grande hall 's end smecker lead the three out , bag still over they head . she see dad 's butterfly tattoo . she know . woman I guess we all know what be right and wrong . we all know . nobody need to be convinced of what he be ... I be go home now to have my first real full night 's sleep . the people who have be on yakavetta 's side of the courtroom threaten she and force they way through the crowd toward she , thus cause the two side to fight . everyone , even reporter be in it . the camera tilt up end on the statue of the blind Lady of justice . fade out : the end