downsizing by Alexander Payne & Jim Taylor this material be the property of paramount picture and be intended and restricted solely for paramount picture personnel . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . the sale , display , copying or reproduction of this material for any reason in any form , including but not limite to digital or new media , be also prohibited . int . cave - night the rustic yet comfortable dwelling of a 16 - person clan . all be dress in fur and leather , they hair long and braid . small fire burn for warmth and cooking . woman clean up after a meal . Men smoke pipe and converse in a language at once foreign and familiar , a blend of Nordic tongue and English . Children chase one another and play with simple wooden toy . a young boy intrude on the adult to tug on the arm of tergehl , a elder of the clan . boy come , grandfather , tell we a story . a weary tergehl gently decline . boy ( cont 'd ) please . please tell we a story . tergehl soon find himself surround by a riot of begging face . the adult look on with amusement , quietly share the child 's eagerness . man yes , tergehl , it have be many lochnar since we have hear one . ( to all ) shall we hear a story ? all chime in vigorously -- '' yes ! yes ! a story ! " tergehl all right . I will tell a story . but then you must all promise to go to bed . the adult chuckle , the child shriek in delight , and all vow to be good . later --- the clan have gather around tergehl , the child at he foot , eye glimmer . grasp a gnarled staff , tergehl scratch he chin as if the story he know so well be difficult to recall . tergehl ( cont ’d ) Long , long ago , the world be very different . Giants walk the land . there be so many giant that you could not count they all even if you count for you entire life . ( more ) tergehl ( cont 'd ) this giant have enormous brain . they could speak to one another across great distance . they teach themselves to fly and travel wherever they wish , even to the moon and the star . yet despite this great power , the giant be not happy . they speak in different tongue , worshipped different god , and fight bitterly against one another . no matter how much they eat , the giant always want more . they kill all the animal , chop down all the forest , fished all the seas . and they fire warm the entire world , make it unbearably hot . as tergehl continue , we be transport to -- ext . edvardsen institute - day a small , tranquil '' campus '' of building . edvardsen institute Bergen , Norway tergehl ( v.o . ) but in one of they land , there live a clever wizard name asborg6én . int . laboratory - day dr . jorgen asbj®rnsen -- fifty , bald , closely trim beard -- work in he private lab , weary and alone . tergehl ( v.o. ) sadden by he greedy fellow giant , asborg6 én wish to change they harmful way and end they needless suffer . for year he labor with he powder and potion until one day ... Dr. asbj@rnsen sedate a rat , then give it a injection before place it inside a stainless steel device the size of a microwave . he make note , flip a switch , and watch a timer count down to zero . ding ! Long accustom to failure , Dr. asbjo@rnsen open the door of the device with little expectation . today , however , he eye widen in amazement . int . hallway - day Dr. asbj@rnsen sprint down a corridor and into a stairwell . int . administrative office - day bypass the secretary , Dr. asbjornsen burst into the inner office of institute director dr . andreas jacobsen . dr . jacobsen ( norwegian ) yes , jorgen ? dr . asbj®@rnsen we have get it . it work . Dr. Jacobsen rise from he desk . the man embrace . ext . asbj@rnsen house - day electric car and bicycle be park outside . ext . asbj@rnsen backyard - day thirty -five conscientious scandinavian -- natural fiber , beard , birkenstock -- eat , drink and mingle on a crisp , sunny afternoon . int . asbj@rnsen kitchen - day Dr. asbjornsen look out the window at he happy guest . unlike they , he seem troubled and uncertain . handsome wife anne-helene approach to place a comforting hand on he chest . dr . asbj®@rnsen what if it 's a mistake ? a terrible mistake ? anne-helene do not be afraid , jorgen . you know it 's the right thing . we all do . you be bear to make this happen . 10 11 Dr. asbj@rnsen nod slightly . summon confidence , he take anne-helene 's hand and lead she outside . ext . asbj@rnsen backyard - day 10 stand on the deck , Dr. asbjornsen clink a knife to a glass and speak now in English . dr . asbj®@rnsen thank you , everyone . thank you for come today , but more importantly I want to thank you for you dedication and hard work this past many month . smile and applause . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) now then . you have probably guess that I have something very exciting to announce -- very exciting , indeed . ( then --) it be time . a moment of hushed jubilation . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) no doubt the generation to come -- perhaps all of humanity -- will thank you for you bravery and commitment . but today each of you must ask whether you be truly ready to enter this new world , for there will be no turn back . so I ask you -- be you ready ? the group yes ! yes ! we be ready ! pan around the eager face of all gather . int . cave - night 11 matching pan of the troglodyte . tergehl so asborgén cast a spell over he brave young warrior , and together they set out to live as none of they have ever live before . this be the first of we kind . the child look up at the elder , who nod knowingly . 12 13 al4 14 ext . istanbul - day 12 a wide shot of the city . tergehl ( v.o. ) season pass . the warrior thrive . and asborgén resolve to spread word of he great discovery to all of the giant in all of the land . ext . conference CENTER - day 13 this structure host exhibit hall , auditoria and meeting room . a electronic sign display the name of the current conference -- global solution : technology for tomorrow . man' voice ( pre - lap ) for nearly a century the edvardsen Institute have be one of the few truly visionary research organization , work entirely without government or commercial sponsorship ... int . conference CENTER - day al4 participant check - in at a registration table , sip coffee and mingle with they colleague . outside a auditorium -- a sign announce one of many morning presentation : human scale and sustainability jacobsen & asbjg@rnsen , edvardsen institute int . auditorium - day 14 the voice belong to conference president dr . paolo pereira , who address a crowded hall . dr . pereira ..- and today I be sure you will agree they have far exceed even they many impressive achievement of the past . it give I great pleasure to welcome the director of the institute and my old friend Dr. andrea Jacobsen , along with he colleague , Dr. jorgen asbjornsen . Dr. Jacobsen emerge carry a wooden box which he set atop the podium . dr . jacobsen thank you , Dr. pereira . seventy - five year ago , Mrs. nellie edvardsen , overcome with guilt by the fortune she late husband 's family have amass produce mustard gas during World War I , found we institute so that the wonder of science could instead be use to help mankind . we mission be to combat poverty , disease , natural disaster and other calamity that arise over time . in the 1950s , the institute identify over - population as mankind 's single great long - term threat , the source of all the catastrophes we be see today -- extreme climate and weather event , and the devastating impact on food and water security . among the many solution we conceive so many year ago , one which seem then so ambitious , so outside we grasp , have at last borne fruit . today we be proud to unveil what we fervently believe to be the only practical , humane and inclusive remedy to humanity 's gravest problem . Dr. jorgen asbjornsen will now present he finding . be you ready , doctor ? dr . asbj@®rnsen ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , distant ) I be ready . Jacobsen open the front of the box to reveal -- dr . asbj®rnsen , now just five inches tall . as this miniature human walk out onto the podium , gasp of astonishment ripple throughout the room . many stand to get a better look . dr . jacobsen everyone , please take you seat . please ! as the audience quiet , Dr. asbjgrnsen take he place behind a tiny podium , don read glass , and remove a speech from he jacket pocket . dr . asbj®@rnsen Dr. pereira , esteem colleague . five year ago , building on the research of we predecessor at the institute , my team and I discover a process by which all organic material can be reduce at the cellular level by a ratio of approximately 2,744 to one . such a process convert a man of 1.8 meter to just 12.9 centimeter . a wide array of flora and fauna be subject to this process and , with the exception of some fish and shellfish , absolutely no side effect be detect . please light . the room dim . a group portrait of the gather at the asbjernsen home appear on a screen above the stage -- the first image in a powerpoint presentation . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) once the safety of the procedure be confirm , thirty - six brave volunteer join my wife anne-helene and I as the very first human to undergo cellular reduction . a naked subject pose before reduction , arm extend like Da vinci 's vitruvian man . next he show off he new tiny body beside a metric a ruler hold by enormous finger . dr . asbj®@rnsen ( cont 'd ) the exact science behind reduction itself fall outside of we discussion today , but the process be short and painless , with only the mild discomfort of removal and replacement of dental and other prosthetics . now we see a recovery room where , wrap in blanket , volunteer recline on miniature Le corbusier lounge . one tiny man drink from a enormous eye-dropper . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) subject be place under light sedation , and after a brief rest , perhaps some cracker and applesdft , fully recover within a hour or two . now a normal - size short -haired dog on a leash . the next slide show the same dog stand next to the ruler while a giant hand restrain he with a tiny leash . 15 16 dr . asbj®@rnsen of course , some of we community could not bear to leave behind they four- legge companion . now shot inside a workshop . volunteer construct small house and building . other sew tiny clothes . dr . asbj®@rnsen as the subject of we own study , we aim be not only to confirm the long - term viability of the process but also to investigate the social and psychological implication . thus we set about to live together in the world 's very first self - sustain community of the small . the next image show the building of a small village . Group member secure dollhouse - size dwelling onto foundation . then we see the hoist of a transparent dome over the new community . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) once complete , we little village , just seven meter by eleven meter , be place inside a gas-permeable enclosure design to protect we from the hazard of weather , animal and insect . int . conference CENTER - day 15 learn of the exciting news , other conference - goer clamor to gain access to the auditorium . 16 int . auditorium - day as Dr. asbjgrnsen conclude he talk , a final slide show the downsize group play volleyball . dr . asbj®@rnsen ..- and finally , my colleague and I be happy to report new fount of energy and vitality . future study may support we suspicion that decrease mass and volume correlate directly to a increase in longevity . as the light come up , a beam Dr. Jacobsen stride from the wing , hold aloft a half - full garbage bag . 17 18 19 dr . jacobsen I hold in my hand all of the uncompostable waste produce by 36 people over four year ! ( hold for applause ) in this afternoon 's session , we will outline we proposal for a two - to three -hundre year transition for the world to transform from big to small . we believe that with a timely embrace of miniaturization , we seemingly unconquerable problem of over - population , climate change , and insufficient food and water can become a thing of the past , and human life may safely thrive for millennia to come . ( motion off-stage ) now we would like you to meet some very special people . as the piéce de résistance , a cart be wheeled out carry the entire SMALL community smile and wave . among they , a mother nurse a infant , while at she side stand she four - year - old son ronni . dr . asbj®@rnsen and look -- there 's little ronni , the first small baby ever bear , and he new little sister ulrikke . all stand , applaud , and stamp they foot in unison -- a astounding reception . a montage as the news travel throughout the globe -- ext . SRI lankan village - day 17 a small crowd watch the communal television . ext . burkina faso village - day 18 brightly -attire , barefoot local watch the report . ext . bering strait - day 19 aleut pause in fish-dry to catch the news . 20 a21 21 22 23 10 ext . riyadh , saudi arabia - day 20 Saudis glimpse tvs through the window of a appliance store . ext . LA casa restaurant - omaha - dusk a21 establish . int . LA casa restaurant - dusk 21 a cozy eatery popular with older folk and hipster alike . people crowd near the tv above the bar , among they paul safranek . his polo shirt bear a con - agra insignia . paul ( to a random guy ) wow . that 's wild , be not it ? just wild . ( to a waitress ) say , Holly ? you can put in that take - out order now . tergehl ( v.o . ) in one of this land , the land of omaa , there live a common laborer . int . cave - night 22 tergehl address the rapt child seat at he foot . tergehl now , which of you know he name ? the child wrack they tiny brain . a adult prompt one child , whisper into she ear . child safrapiil ! tergehl that 's right . it be safrapiil the good . ext . duplex rear alley - dusk 23 Paul pull into he parking spot and emerge from he car with the take - out food . he climb the back porch step of this modest duplex and open one of two back door . 11 tergehl ( v.o. ) safrapiil be not like the other giant . he be possess of a kind and generous nature . we tale tonight be the saga of safrapiil -- he search for love , and the quest to fulfill he destiny . 24 int . duplex kitchen - dusk 24 over the sound of a tv from the live room come the voice of Paul 's mother kay . kay ( 0.s. ) be that you ? paul yeah . kay ( 0.s. ) oh , goody . Paul begin put spaghetti onto a plate . paul you hungry ? kay ( 0.s. ) I have a healthy Choice about a hour ago . paul you know I be bring you food . I call and ask you specifically -- kay ( 0.s . ) -- I know -- paul -- and then you go and eat ? kay ( 0.s. ) just a sesame Chicken . I be still hungry . do not make I holler . 25 int . duplex live room - continuous 25 tethere to a oxygen tank , Kay safranek sit in a recliner . Paul clear off a tv tray before set down she food . 12 paul do you see the news today ? kay you mean about the little swedish man ? paul norwegian . kay helen call to tell I to turn on the tv . what will not they think of next ? paul unbelievable , be not it ? biggest thing since landing on the moon . bigger . kay well , I do not get it . why would anybody want to do that to himself ? paul I do not know , I think plenty of people will want to do it . you know , the world 's in pretty tough shape . kay bullshit . Kay focus on eat and watch tv . paul ( smell ) do you have a cigarette ? kay no. paul you know , with that oxygen tank , you be go to burn the place down . at least you 'il save I the cost of cremation . kay that 's a awful thing to say . you shut up . 26 27 28 29 13 int . stairway - night 26 Kay wheeze upstairs . Paul follow , tote she oxygen . kay they can shrink people down and fly to Mars , but they can not cure my fibromyalgia ? int . kay 's bedroom - night 27 Kay lie bent over the bed . Paul prepare a syringe and administer a shot . kay and all this fuss about the environment . as though the world 's go to end tomorrow . I be in pain . I can not breathe . do not that matter ? paul lot of people be in pain , Mom . in all sort of way . ext . duplex front porch - night 28 Paul exit one side of the duplex and enter the other . int . paul 's live room - night 29 Paul watch tv in a recliner of he own . the phone ring , and the machine pick up . it 's Paul 's on-again-off -again girlfriend audrey . audrey ( on machine ) Paul , it 's audrey . I know we be not suppose to be talk , but I think you should know I have to put bodie down today . his seizure come back a couple month ago , and I could have have he operate on , but they cut back my hour at work , and he be get really old , and ... ( weepy ) ...- I just feel so bad . be you there , Paul ? I really need to talk . I know you be there . please , Paul . please . I miss you so much . pleeeease . 14 paul fuck . Paul pick up the phone but do not speak . audrey ( on phone ) Paul ? paul I be here . tergehl ( v.o. ) and so it be that safrapiil woo the maiden oodreh and take she as he wife . fade out . 30 ext . LA casa restaurant - night 30 this be the same establishment where we first meet Paul . it 's now -- nine year later talking head # 1 ( pre - lap ) look , I be worried about global warming as much as the next fellow , but let 's not throw the baby out with the bath water . 31 int . LA casa restaurant - night 31 the tv over the bar show a Fox News -style debate . talking head # 1 this whole downsizing thing be another example of runaway - train technology lead we down a blind alley . with all the holier- than - thou talk about save the planet , we can not ignore the devastating economic impact that will lead to more poverty , which 's 1l lead to more downsizing , and then more poverty , and the whole world economy go right down the toilet . billion of dollar in consumer spend be already start to vanish -- construction and housing , the automobile industry , the airline industry , defense . ( more ) 32 15 talking head # 1 ( cont 'd ) and then all the political abuse -- Israelis shrink Palestinians , African dictator shrink rival ethnic group -- as the oppose speaker interrupt , we realize he 's SMALL . talking head # 2 look , ron. ron . in any major transformation of society , be there serious grow pain ? you bet . but we have to focus on the long term . the fact be that at current mass and volume , human life on Earth just be not sustainable , and deal with that head - on make good economic sense , no matter how you cut it . we find a balder , paunchier Paul seat in a booth , enjoy happy hour with buddy kevin and tim . kevin the one guy 's get a point . this family on my block just move away to get small , and they house be just sit there . make everybody 's value take a dive be what they be do . just when I be try to refinance . tim I do not know . marlene think I should do it just to lose the weight . Paul laugh politely , then get a waitress 's attention . paul say , Dee , be that take - out order about ready ? dee come right up . ext . duplex driveway - night 32 Paul again emerge from he car with take - out food and climb the back porch step . the place have be spruce up a bit since we last see it . Graduate student rich chavez poke he head out from what use to be Paul 's side of the duplex . 33 34 rich hi , Mr. safranek . how 's it go ? paul good , good . what 's up ? rich hate to say it , but that toilet 's still run all the time . paul okay , I 'il call the plumber again . oh , and Rich , try to get you rent in on time , okay ? I hate be the bad guy . rich you get it . Paul continue into what use to be he mother 's side int . duplex kitchen - continuous -- and we notice it have be redecorate . paul hey , honey , I bring food ! audrey ( 0.s. ) I be not hungry . int . duplex live room - night Paul enter to find audrey lie on the sofa . paul what 's wrong ? audrey I have a split headache . it be a super busy day at the store , and carla be be a total bitch on wheel . I feel like I be go to throw up . paul here , let I do the neck thing . audrey yeah , do you little neck thing . 16 33 34 35 36 37 he stand at the end of the sofa , slip he hand audrey 's head , roll it from side to side . paul just relax , honey . let I take all the weight . int . con - agra factory floor - day food box emerge from a package machine . Paul factory worker sandy , who follow he away . tergehl ( v.o. ) safrapiil be a compassionate giant and work hard in service to other . int . factory office - day Paul manipulate Sandy 's hand and forearm . paul okay , Sandy , now make a fist for I . I be go to pull you arm down , and you try to stop I , okay ? still hurt ? sandy more like tingling . paul you have be icing and do the exercise , right ? sandy ( lie ) yeah . paul I notice you be not wear you brace . sandy could I get another one ? I think I leave it in my ex 's car . int . shoe store - day 17 underneath 35 approach 36 37 audrey come out of the back carry a armful of shoeboxe and head toward a fussy customer surround by many reject option . 38 39 18 tergehl ( v.o. ) oodreh be a hard worker , too , help the local cobbler provide shoe for the village . audrey okay , I be not able to find a 6 - 1 / 2 in the plum , so I bring out black and brown . customer but I want plum . do you have it ina seven ? manager carla approach . carla say , audrey , can you stay late tonight ? Jill 's kid be sick again . audrey ( tight smile ) how late ? ext . mcmansion for sale - day 38 the safranek 's car be park outside . tergehl but life be difficult for safrapiil and oodreh . like many dedicated to service , they be take for grant and poorly reward . int . mcmansion for sale - day 39 a realtor lead Paul and audrey on a tour . tergehl ( v.o . ) and they great sadness be that they dwelling be too small and unfit for offspring . in the kitchen -- audrey admire the high - end appliance , the skylight , the view to the backyard . Paul hang back , painfully aware the home be out of reach . audrey turn to he , hope in she eye . 40 4l 42 43 19 paul oh , do not get I wrong , it 's awesome . I just think we should take another look at that place in benson . audrey ( pull he ) let 's go see upstairs . int . paul and audrey 's bedroom - night 40 audrey sleep peacefully while Paul lie awake . he slip out of bed and tiptoe away . he pause at the door , turn to look back at audrey -- all she do to complete he , all she do to diminish he . int . duplex basement - night 41 in boxer and T-shirt , Paul sit at a desk go through a pile of papers with a add machine . tergehl ( v.o. ) safrapiil live he early life in humble obscurity , joyously devote to other yet plague by menial task of daily life . until one day ... ext . jesuit high school parking lot - evening 42 along with other couple emerge from car , Paul and audrey walk toward the high school , all dress up . a banner read , '' welcome , alumni . '' int . jesuit high school cafeteria - night 43 holding cocktail , Paul and audrey chat with a couple . paul anesthesiology , huh ? anesthesiologist my wife say I put people to sleep even without the drug . Paul and audrey offer courtesy chuckle . anesthesiologist ( cont ’d ) I be surprised you be still awake . 20 anesthesiologist’s wife he use that joke like twice a week . anesthesiologist so what 's you field , Paul ? paul occupational therapy . anesthesiologist’s wife oh , like career counseling ? paul no , it 's just like physical therapy , just focus on workplace injury and rehab -- repetitive stress , lower - back , stuff like that . a lot of shoulder problem . I be in - house at a con -agra plant over in Council bluff . audrey mostly he do paperwork . paul yeah , I get a little carpal - tunnel of my own sometimes . anesthesiologist tell I about it . Medicine 's all about cover you ass this day . say , be not you pre-med down in lincoln ? paul good memory . I get two year in , but my mom get real sick and I have to move back to omaha . plus , organic chemistry . anesthesiologist yeah , that get a lot of people . paul I want to be a surgeon , actually . I have small hand , which they say be a real plus . hey , we might have wound up work together . you could have be my anesthesiologist ! anesthesiologist hey , how about that ? 44 21 paul yeah . Wild . later -- dinner have not yet begin . there 's still a fair 44 amount of mingling , but many be find they chair . seat at he table , Paul take a moment to look around , and he eye fall upon feel banner with inspirational say -- '' the door to happiness open outward '' and '' the best way to find yourself be to lose yourself in service to other . '' near the entrance a flurry of excitement suggest someone special have arrive . it 's just a guy in he mid-20 , but judge from reaction -- gasp , point -- it 's the acrylic BOX he carry that 's cause the commotion . the guy pass Paul and audrey 's table and , like everyone else , they gawk at what 's inside the box -- a tiny couple smile and wave at old friend . paul ( cont 'd ) that 's Dave ! Dave Johnson . and Carol . I hear he be come but I have no idea ... man , I never would have peg he for someone who would go get small . do you see that ? at a table the guy carry the box -- Dave Johnson 's young brother andy -- set it down and remove the top and front . Paul and audrey join the onlooker , many of whom be take photo with they phone . Dave and Carol walk out onto the table and speak through little hand - hold megaphone . dave hey , everybody ! hope we be not intrude ! warm greeting all around . Dave place two tiny glass where he brother can retrieve they . dave ( cont 'd ) Andy , could you get Carol a ... honey , what be you have ? carol gin and tonic . 45 46 22 dave a gin and tonic , and for I ... you know what ? that sound good . I / '11 have a gin and tonic , too . Andy slide the impossibly small tumbler onto he palm and head toward the bar . dave ( cont 'd ) with lime ! andy how be I suppose to do that ? dave just figure it out , okay ? as many migrate toward the new arrival , a jesuit turn on a mic at the podium . jesuit do not mean to break up the party , but the silent auction close in fifteen minute , and there be still some very attractive item with no taker . ext . friend 's house - night 45 a nice , middle - class home . int . friend 's house - night 46 at this informal after-party for a extend group of old friend , the camera make its way through the live room , where little Carol Johnson hold court , stand on a coffee table . Friends lean in to hear better . carol we be not go to come at first , but then we start get all the e- mail , plus my sister be have a lump remove . she 's fine , thank God , but I still need to see she . some friend so what 's travel like ? how have you get up here from New Mexico ? carol oh , we fly . Airlines be get more and more small - friendly . ( more ) 47 23 carol ( cont 'd ) they make it really easy , and all the seat be first class ... we continue on to -- the kitchen 47 -- where Paul be amid a heart - to-heart with Dave , seat atop a box of ak - Mak cracker . dave so after a couple year in Florida , I move out to Vegas and -- paul I remember . I think that 's about the last time we talk . dave yeah . Vegas be not such a good choice for I , as it turn out . get into some real bad habit . pretty much hit rock bottom . paul sorry to hear that . dave any other woman would have run for the hill , but Carol , man , she 's a saint . she stick with I . but I really have to come clean about everything . and I mean everything . you know , almost . paul and the decision to ... ( make a shrink motion ) dave well , that 's the thing . we both need a change . you know , start all over . paul it must feel good know you be make a real difference , too . dave you mean all that crap about save the planet ? downsize be about save yourself . take the pressure right off , especially money pressure . ( more ) 24 dave ( cont 'd ) I be just not , you know , drive and ambitious like the rest of my family . it 's not who I be . now Carol and I , we live like king -- a hell of a lot better than my brother and my sister , I will tell you that . I send they picture all the time , but they never respond . paul well , I be still live in the same house I grow up in . audrey 's die for we to move , but we be pretty strapped . plus , my mom 's end - of - life care really take a toll . I mean , shit , I just finish pay off my student loan . dave well , listen , if you ever start think about it seriously , here 's my two cent . there be lot of small community cropping up out there , but do not mess around . leisureland 's where you want to be . they be a little pricier , but they be the first , and they be still way ahead of the curve . paul they have sure get a big marketing budget . dave lot to brag about . best house , best appliance , best doctor , they book all the big concert tour , get all the great restaurant . the kid love cheesecake Factory and leisureland 's get three of they . and I be not just say all this for the referral credit . ( off Paul 's laugh ) hey , sorry , could you back up a little ? I think there 's too much garlic in that salsa . paul oh , right . dave or floss or something . I do not know . 25 suddenly a child 's scream . alarm , Paul head into the live room , where he find the host comforting they four - year - old daughter , who have wander downstairs and be scared out of she wit by the sight of little Carol . host mom it 's okay , Katie . it 's okay . she 's a friend . she 's just smaller than we be , that 's all . carol hi , Katie ! hi ! I will not bite . 48 int . duplex - night 48 Paul and audrey come in the door , exhaust but still buzzing about they unusual evening . audrey well , that be sure interesting . paul I ’l1l say . audrey I like little Carol . she 's get a lot on the ball . she 's read all the book she always want to , and she 's learn italian . and she say she 's never be fitter . paul they sure seem happy . Dave say he 's get pretty good on the drum . audrey next year they be pull the kid out of school to spend six month at a sister city in Tuscany . cook class , yoga , wine - taste , the whole nine yard . paul ( check he phone ) uh-oh. honey ? Paul play a message on speakerphone . voicemail hi , guy . milo here from goodman mortgage . ( more ) 26 voicemail ( cont 'd ) hate to say it , but you application at first National bounce back . the underwriter do not like the adjustment in the appraisal . like I say , the market for a hundred - year - old duplex with structural issue be pretty soft , and there be red flag from a underwriter 's perspective . I can try somewhere else , but frankly I think you be go to need more cash up front if we want to get approve on the type of property you be look at . Paul and audrey share a weighty , defeat look . 49 ext . state line - day 49 the safranek 's car zoom by a sign -- welcome to new mexico , land of enchantment . a50 int . paul 's car - day a50 as they drive -- paul I bet we will be able to tell right away if it 's for we or not . audrey yeah , so let 's not waste time . maybe could get to Santa Fe earlier and get a massage . paul sound good to I . like we say , we be just check it out . no harm , no foul . 50 ext . paul 's car - new mexico highway - day 50 Paul and audrey 's car continue through the desert and pass a huge billboard . next exit ! tony Dale 's leisureland estate get ready for more ! 51 52 53 54 27 ext . leisureland visitors CENTER - day 51 across a immense parking lot sit a commanding building that abut a 20 - foot-high wall stretch in both direction , a wall that encircle and safeguard the city of leisureland within . Long pole extend skyward from the wall support the city 's protective overhead netting . int . leisureland visitors CENTER - day 52 the safranek walk in , already start to feel small in this vast space . a huge banner show a ecstatic couple -- '' it 's like win the lottery every day ! '' a large circular information desk be staff by employees in monogramm golf shirt and khakis . among the exhibit audrey and Paul stroll through a maze of kiosk -- vacation getaways , fine dine , recreation , innovation in education , TRAVEL SERVICES , job opportunity , staying in touch , selling you current home , what about my pet ? , when you need a doctor . int . leisureland theater - day 53 Paul and audrey sit watch a promotional movie . ext . beach - day - movie within the movie 54 in a tide pool a horseshoe crab scuttle along , silent and primordial , pass a pair of rubber boot . then we see the charismatic man inside that boot . tony dale hi , I be tony Dale . that horseshoe crab have remain unchange for 250 million year . same size , same shell , same ugly mug . but we human be different . we be constantly evolve and adapt to new challenge . and today we find ourselves at the dawn of a exciting new chapter in human history . ( more ) 55 56 57 28 tony dale ( cont 'd ) each and every one of you can be among the lucky one to take this great leap forward , enjoy the prosperity you deserve , and , most importantly , help protect we precious planet . join I , will not you , as we take a look at the creation of the world 's first luxury community design entirely to make anyone 's biggest dream come true -- leisureland estate . int . SMALL plane - day 55 in the copilot 's seat , tony turn around and speak as though we be in the back . tony dale the first order of business be to find the perfect location -- not too cold in the winter , not too hot in the summer . no earthquake , no tornado , no hurricane . and no pesky mosquito . yep , everything have to be just right . the pilot point out something below , and tony raise binocular to take a look . insert - a map of the UNITED states 56 zoom in on New Mexico . tony dale ( v.o. ) we search lead we to the ideal spot -- where we be right now -- ten square mile of high desert on New Mexico 's vasquez Plateau . ext . vasquez plateau - day 57 twine on surveyor 's stake wind through cacti and scrub . in work clothes and sun hat , tony pace out a distance , then stop and point broadly at the ground , give confident direction to offscreen crew . 58 59 60 29 int . conference room - day 58 academics give a presentation with chart and graph . tony sit up front nodd thoughtfully . tony dale ( v.o. ) next I gather a team of top urban planner , architect and engineer from around the world to answer a simple question , '' how can we design the most efficient and innovative city the world have ever know ? '' int . leisureland design bullpen - day 59 architect and engineer work at computer and draft table . other build maquettes . another angle -- wield a pointer and surround by he team , tony review a enormous tabletop model of leisureland . tony dale ( v.o. ) each dwelling would be a dream house , a genuine estate within anyone 's reach . mass transit would be free and efficient . the street would be neat and orderly , offer easy access to shop , school , park , medical service , and of course all the recreation and entertainment you can imagine . now renderings of different neighborhood -- Alpine Village , New Orleans quartier , fairway manor , the marina . tony dale ( v.o. ) each neighborhood would accent we resident 's interest , diverse lifestyle and hobby . int . tony dale 's office - day 60 tony address we from behind he desk . tony dale but no matter how much care we put into design leisureland , it 's really the people who make we community so special . so now I have like to introduce you to some actual resident who be eager to tell you more . 61 30 as the movie end , the screen begin to rise and tony turn he gaze vaguely downward ... tony dale ( cont ’d ) okay , folk , take it away ! .»- return we to -- int . leisureland theater - day 61 stage light illuminate , theme music begin , and a platform thrust past the rise screen . on the platform sit a downsize mansion with swim pool and tennis court . tanned sale professional jeff lonowski step out of the front door wear a headset mic , trail by a tiny cameraman who transmit Jeff 's image onto a large screen . jeff thanks , Mr. Dale . welcome , everybody . I be Jeff lonowski , senior product specialist and happy homeowner here at leisureland estate . be you have a good time ? ( off initial response ) come on , guy . you be a heck of a lot bigger than I be . make some noise ! be you have a good time ? Paul and audrey join the enthusiastic response . '' yes ! '' jeff ( cont 'd ) that 's more like it . so what do you think of my place ? pretty nifty , huh ? it 's the house of my dream . heck , I have say it 's the house of anybody 's dream . why , a average guy like I might have to work twenty , thirty , even forty year to be able to afford a spread like this . and just wait until you see what 's inside . the house split open to reveal the massive family room , enormous bedroom , airy kitchen . in the master suite upstairs , and with a camera guy all she own , Jeff 's '' wife '' LAURA sit in a bubble bath . LAURA ( headset mic ) Jeff , you have get to stop invite guest over without tell I ! 31 jeff sorry , Laura . I be only -- LAURA I mean , I finally get in the tub to relax after such a busy day . jeff busy do what , sweetheart ? LAURA oh , no end of thing . first I take a tennis lesson and have a massage . then after a gourmet lunch with the girl , we just could not help ourselves and pop into that new loget 's store downtown . jeff uh-oh , loget 's . what 's that go to cost I ? LAURA now , Jeff , you hush . I be really good . just a diamond bracelet . the cameraman zoom in for a close - up of the sparkling jewelry , elicite admire '' ooh '' from audience member . jeff just a diamond bracelet ? that do not sound like you . LAURA ( pull she hair back ) and match diamond earring . and the match diamond necklace . ( as Jeff cross he arm ) oh , Jeff , they look so good on I . wait till you -- jeff how much , Laura ? LAURA now , Jeff -- jeff I say how much ? LAURA ( sheepish ) sixty - two dollar . 62 63 64 32 jeff sixty -two dollar ? be you crazy ? why , that 's practically we food budget for two whole month ! int . viewing corridor - day 62 the exit door of the theater snap open . along with the rest of the audience , Paul and audrey step onto a wide walkway . floor-to-ceiling window offer a first glimpse at the actual city of leisureland . the initial impression be both impressive and banal . it 's partially like a miniature theme park and partially like any other mid-size city . but a couple of unusual feature stand out . one be a giant ferris wheel . another be the central tower , which function both as a '' tent pole '' for the overhead netting and as the transfer station for a innovative and fanciful mass transit system -- gondolas travel on cable above the city . moment later -- Paul and audrey peruse model home range 63 from one - story ranch through three - story mcmansion -- '' the Regency , '' '' the barrington , '' '' the aristocrat , '' '' the Mediterranean , '' '' the sportsman . '' at the top end , like a sumptuous bel - Air estate , be '' the versaille , '' boast a sticker price of $ 129,999 . int . sale area - day 64 a tracking shot through a ocean of sale desk end on Paul and audrey , where a chipper salesperson walk they through a print - out of they finances . salesperson so put it all together , if you liquidate you current home , vehicle and other asset , and purchase a Regency - level estate -- that 's a 12,000 - square - foot -equivalent home on a 1.5 - acre-equivalent lot -- at the base price of $ 63,000 . plus $ 4,500 for the Health and fitness package . that 's the gym , pool , sauna / steam , hot tub , and tennis court . then the medical procedure for two adult . that 's $ 15,000 . 33 paul do insurance cover any of that ? salesperson no , but at Regency level you be already qualifying for a substantial discount . and do not forget the federal tax credit . so , figure in you current debt , you retirement account and you savings , you be look at approximately $ 152,000 in equity , which be a very comfortable number . audrey comfortable ? that do not sound like nearly enough . salesperson you have to look at this column , audrey . equivalent value . you be solidly inside the Blue chip zone . in leisureland you $ 152,000 translate into around $ 12.5 million - - to live on , for life . audrey hold on . if this be such a great thing , how come you have not do it ? salesperson I would in a heartbeat , but my husband have a hip replacement , so he 's ineligible . but look around you . if you come back in a month , you will not see most of my co-worker still here . people take job just for the discount . do you see Jeff 's little show upstairs -- the house that open up ? he use to sit right over there . of course , he do not have to work anymore , but he 's a real ham -- just love the attention . anyway , how 's all this sounding ? would the Regency be you first choice ? or should we be look at something a little more deluxe ? audrey look at Paul . paul honey , pick anything you like . I just want you to be happy . she beam . 65 66 67 68 34 ext . duplex front yard - day 65 Paul and audrey oversee a rummage sale of they belonging . downsize ! everything must go! some old guy how much for the hot dog cooker ? paul four dollar . some old guy I will give you a dollar . audrey sold . int . con - agra plant - day 66 Paul finish work with a factory worker with a bad arm . paul keep up that exercise . do not get lazy . I laminate everything for you , so no excuse . factory worker thank you , Paul . thank you so much . my wife and I , maybe someday we will get small too and we will visit you . paul that have be great , but in the meantime ... Paul squeeze and unsqueeze he hand , reinforce a exercise . int . con - agra break room - day 67 CO - worker throw Paul a small goodbye party . atop the cake be a joke design in frosting about get small . ext . con - agra parking lot - day 68 a emotional Paul walk to he car carry a box of belonging . it 's the last time he ’1ll ever see the place he 's spend so many year . 69 70 71 35 ext . restaurant - night 69 a perennially '' hip '' restaurant for the middle - age . int . restaurant - night 70 a farewell party occupy the back . Friends and family gather around four or five reserve table . we catch snippet of conversation with different friend -- first up be gina . audrey I mean , sure , I be on the fence about it for most of the year . it 's pretty scary when you think about it at first . but then when my college roommate Patty loomis call to say she and she husband be do it , and all the reason why , I turn to Paul and say okay , you win . let 's go for it . gina ( hugging she ) I be just go to miss you so much . audrey oh , gina , I be go to miss you too . but , you know , it 's not like we be die . we be just relocate and change thing up a bit . we will be back at least once a year . and you and Tim can come down and stay with we anytime . we have like five guest room . open invitation . stay as long as you like . gina laugh through tear at this joke . later -- barry talk with Paul and audrey . 71 barry and you guy do not consider treasure Island out in Palm Desert ? paul yeah , we check it out , but ... ( look at audrey ) I mean , I like it all right , but audrey think they be a little stingy with the amenity , especially for what they charge in monthly maintenance . audrey and too hot . and really provincial -- everything be golf , golf , golf . and almost no diversity . Super white bread . paul yeah , no diversity . 72 later -- audrey 's father larry lustig walk in . he with a big hug . audrey hi , dad . larry lustig you mother could not bring herself to come , but she send she love . we be still expect you tomorrow afternoon at the house . Paul arrive , and the man exchange a respectful paul glad you make it , Larry . audrey what can I get you , dad ? paul let I . you guy visit . larry lustig oh , just a beer . any beer . paul ( exite ) comin 's right up . audrey I wish Mom be not take it so hard . larry lustig well , you know you mother . to tell you the truth , I be pretty skeptical myself at first . you remember Jerry Gross . well , I call he up the other day . he and bev retire down there , do the whole shrink thing you kid be do . he say they be get along just fine , never better . say he feel young every day , say one dollar busy a thousand dollar worth of stuff . ( more ) 36 audrey greet 72 handshake . 37 larry lustig ( cont 'd ) of course they need that with all the medication bev take . but yeah , they play nine hole every morning . even take a two - week cruise up to Alaska next month . first class stateroom , gourmet food , whole nine yard . say the whole thing 's cost around $ 150 . no , I see the appeal . and apparently there 's zero crime . that 's what I keep tell you mother . 73 later -- the party have wound down , and Paul and audrey enjoy 73 a final nightcap with close friend , include Tim , a friend of Paul 's we have meet before . a drunk guy wander over . drunk guy hey , you guy be get small , right ? paul that 's right . my wife and I . drunk guy my friend over there have a question . no offense , but do you think if you be that small , you should still have all the same rights as the rest of we ? same right to vote ? paul why would not we ? drunk guy well , let 's see . you be not buy as many product , you be not pay as much income tax , not really participate in we economy . in fact , you be cost we money . and job . tim hey , hey . that 's enough . we be all just have a good time here . drunk guy I be just ask a simple academic question . if anything , a quarter - vote . at most . tim ( drag he away ) come on , buddy . let 's take a hike . 74 75 38 drunk guy I be go . or maybe a eighth ! ext . restaurant parking lot - night 74 stand by they car in the nearly desert lot , audrey and Paul give they friend a final farewell hug . int . paul and audrey 's bedroom - night 75 all that remain be a mattress on the floor . audrey sleep as Paul read by the dreary light of a sconce . without warning , she begin to cry . paul oh , honey . her shoulder convulse . Paul pull off he read glass . paul ( cont 'd ) honey , honey , I know . I know this be a big step . it 's the biggest thing we will do in we life . I know , I know . audrey you do not know anything ! you do this ! why do you have to choose such a stupid career ? why do you have to be so ... unambitious ? helping people ? what about help yourself ? what about help I ? you be so goddamn stubborn ! you do this ! paul hey , hey , hey , that 's completely unfair . you be the one who 's never satisfied with anything . you be the one who say I spend too much time at work . you be the one who want to live in a palace . you be the one who say we can not have kid until we be better off . you be the one who hate she job and hate the cold weather and -- audrey I know ! do not you think I know ? shut up ! shut up ! 76 77 78 79 39 int . duplex live room - day 76 the room be bare . audrey remove she necklace and place it inside they leisureland keepsake BOX , a shoebox - size container for that few small irreplaceable treasure -- family photograph , jewelry , baby spoon , etc . audrey get Paul 's attention and point at she ring finger . together they remove they wedding ring and place they on a velvet - cover stem inside the box . int . airplane - day 77 audrey lean she head against Paul 's shoulder while he watch the cloud . audrey I keep think I forget something . he kiss the top of she head . ext . albuquerque airport terminal - day 78 carry only they keepsake box , the safranek walk toward the leisureland shuttle bus at the center island , where they join other new arrival with keepsake box of they own . int . leisureland shuttle bus - moving - day 79 seat on one side , Paul steal glance at the acrylic container lock in place across the aisle . Inside the container be downsize traveler in row of first - class airline seat . just opposite the safranek be a mother and she adult son in sandal and Hawaiian shirt . mother move to town , be ya 's ? paul how 's that ? mother ( strain to be hear ) I see you be move to leisureland . ( off Paul 's nod ) you look like a nice young couple . paul thanks . 80 81 40 mother where you from ? paul omaha . mother spokane . nervous ? paul a little . you know . mother do not be . it 's the best thing you 'il ever do . and the medical part be no big deal . completely painless . except if you have a lot of dental be - dos like my dougie here . he have to keep go back because he have wait too long to get a root canal while he be still big . I say , dougie , that be you tooth . you only get one set . anyway , you do not want to hear about that . we just get back from Turks and caico . have you ever be to Turks and caico ? paul and audrey no . mother it 's so pretty . back in spokane , we never go anywhere . but now it 's so easy and so cheap . you get in this contraption down at the travel center , and you do not have to budge until you arrive at the hotel . and the best part be you do not have to take you shoe off in security . I do not like take my shoe off once I have they on . ext . leisureland parking lot - day 80 the shuttle head toward the transition CENTER , a building not far from the Visitors 's Center . int . counseling room - day 81 audrey and Paul sit across a desk from a pleasant and efficient '' final step '' administrator . 41 she sort audrey and Paul 's papers , occasionally check she computer screen to verify information . administrator okay . and you medical record be up to date . very good . and you have have no food or water for at least twelve hour , right ? paul right . audrey we be starve . administrator oh , audrey , you forget to indicate if you want the clothes you be wear send to someone you know or donate to charity . audrey Charity . administrator great . just one last thing we need to take care of . the administrator adjust a camera mount to the top of she computer monitor . administrator ( cont ’d ) Paul , could you scoot over a little ? that 's it . perfect . with you permission I be go to record you answer to the follow question . May I begin recording ? paul sure . audrey of course . administrator please state you full legal name . audrey audrey lustig safranek paul Paul norris safranek . 42 administrator do you , Paul norris safranek , and you , audrey lustig safranek , understand that , of you own free will , you will undergo the permanent and irreversible medical procedure commonly know as '' downsizing ? '' and that follow this procedure you body will be approximately .0364 % of they current mass and volume ? it 's get very real now . paul yes . audrey yes . administrator and do you give full consent to gateway Medical service , a wholly own subsidiary of td enterprise , to administer the medical procedure commonly know as '' downsizing ? '' they check in with each other again and join hand . paul yes . audrey yes . administrator do you understand that there exist a approximately one in 225,000 chance that the procedure could result in injury , permanent disability or death ? paul and audrey yes. 82 int . waiting room - day 82 surrounded by other nervous client , Paul and audrey sit hold hand . a nurse approach . nurse Paul safranek ? 83 85 43 paul yes ? nurse come with I , please . audrey we be together . nurse someone will escort you to the woman 's facility shortly . you will be separate for approximately five hour , and follow the procedure you will be reunite in the recovery room . paul okay . well , honey , I guess this be it . I x11 see you tonight . on the other side . audrey be so emotional she can barely speak . Paul take she in he arm . paul ( cont 'd ) I love you . audrey I love you , too . Paul give she one last squeeze . the nurse lead he away . int . treatment room - day 83 along with other man , Paul be shave -- leg , back and shoulder , scalp and eyebrow . later -- Paul be now completely hairless in a hospital gown and lie on a gurney . a iv be insert into he arm . close on Paul as the anaesthetic take effect . int . colonic theater - day 85 Paul be wheeled into a large , bright room with row of colon - cleanse station . a technician roll Paul onto one side , lubricate a taper nozzle , and lift the back of he gown . 86 87 88 89 90 44 int . dental theater - day 86 a still - sedate Paul be at a station in this large room with row of dentist 's chair . his mouth be hold open with a dental brace . a drill approach . filling drop inside a metal pan . int . downsizing chamber - day 87 Paul be wheeled inside a large stainless steel room , where he be one of some 20 sedate men . nurse pull the ivs from the man 's arm and remove they gowns , leave they naked . a supervisor make a final inspection -- look in a mouth here , adjust a head there -- before leave the chamber and secure the door . int . downsizing chamber control room - day 88 a spin red light . a alarm bell . a flip switch . supervisor all clear ! a low hum begin , interrupt at interval by a loud thunk , like a mri . nurse and orderly wait for the process to complete . one offer another a piece of he kit - kat bar . a gauge register progress by display smaller and smaller silhouettes of a man . the supervisor keep a eye on thing through a small window in the chamber door . bing ! everyone begin move again . int . downsizing chamber - day 89 the door open . in the center of each gurney lie a tiny naked man . Three nurse enter push cart , each bear eight tiny gurney on top . the nurse gingerly '' spatula '' each downsize man onto the small gurney . as they work , we find Paul just as he be scoop up -- a bald , naked peanut . int . downsizing chamber staging area - day 90 the nurse guide the cart to docking station set into a wall . 91 92 93 94 45 int . another staging area - day 91 orderlies , most of they West indian , stand chat and check they watch . at the sound of a all - clear buzzer , they roll up a large garage - style door and -- int . docking station - day 92 -- walk out onto the cart , revealing that they too be the same small size as the new arrival . the orderly begin unlock the gurney to roll they away . tiny orderly # 1 man , we get some real fatty this time . a nurse from the other side poke she enormous head in . big nurse how 's everybody do today ? tiny orderlies Fine . good . how be you today , Joyce ? big nurse I ? I be great . just get ready for the weekend . we be drive up to Denver for my cousin 's wedding . tiny orderly # 2 oh ... that sound nice ! int . leisureland dental area - day 93 dentist and assistant attend to the newly -downsize . one dentist compare Paul 's open mouth against x-ray and chart on a computer screen . int . recovery room - day 94 close on Paul regain consciousness . he lift he head to examine he hand and arm . he give he sore jaw a massage , then peek under the sheet , relieved to find he '' equipment '' as it should be . a cheery nurse open the door . cheery nurse I see you have decide to join we . 46 paul be this ... be it over ? cheery nurse welcome to leisureland . hungry ? she lug in a normal - size two - pack of saltine , now comically large . paul oh , my God . cheery nurse be not that cute ? people just love that . ( set it aside ) I will bring you a little snack in a moment . paul thanks . um , I think my wife be suppose to be here with I . cheery nurse what 's she name ? paul audrey safranek . cheery nurse ( consulting a chart ) safranek , just like yours . let I see . we do have a audrey safranek schedule for today , but I do not show she transfer over yet . paul be something wrong ? cheery nurse no , no . she 's probably just hold up in dental . 1I '' 11 go check . 95 later -- 95 Paul sit up nervously jiggling one leg . the nurse come back inside and offer he a telephone . cheery nurse Mr. safranek , you have get a call . 96 47 paul oh. ( answer ) hello ? audrey ( on phone ) Paul . paul audrey , thank God . where be you , honey ? audrey ( on phone ) do not be mad at I . please do not be mad . it 's hard enough as it be . paul what 's hard ? what be you talk about ? audrey ( on phone ) oh , Paul , they shave my head , then they start shave off my eyebrow , and I just think , what be I do ? I can not leave my family , all my friend . I can not do it . I be sorry , Paul . I just can not . I be not like you . paul where be you ? silence . then Paul overhear what sound like a board announcement . paul ( cont 'd ) be you at the airport ? int . albuquerque airport - night - intercut 96 audrey be at a pay phone , she bald head hide under a hat , one eyebrow desperately draw in with mascara . audrey ( beginning to sob ) do not hate I . do not hate I . paul okay , okay . take it easy . just get in a taxi and come back so we can talk about this . okay ? we 'il go back to omaha and think this through together . ( more ) 97 click . 48 paul ( cont 'd ) ( a ominous silence ) wait . you be not leave I here . audrey can not you understand how I feel ? I feel terrible , Paul . I let you down , and I feel awful about it . but I realize I be just try to make you happy . I should have be think more about myself . paul think about yourself ? that 's all you ever do ! you know , you have not even ask I how I be ! audrey do not yell . do not yell at I , or I 'il hang up . paul ( lower ) do you have any idea what I have just be through ? audrey , if you do not come back here right now -- audrey and see you all small ? I be upset enough already . paul ( lose it ) you be upset ? you be upset ? I be the one who 's four fuck inch tall ! int . transition CENTER lobby - day 97 a combination of a hospital lobby and the arrival area of a international airport . family member wait with balloon and flower , squealing when reunite with hairless love one . a gloomy , bald Paul walk toward the exit accompany by sunny orientation volunteer matt . matt I be sorry to hear Mrs. safranek could not make it today . paul ( correct he pronunciation ) safranek . 49 matt safranek . well , it 's not a half - bad get idea to scout thing out and everything ready for she . 98 ext . transition CENTER - day 98 Paul and Matt first look at the you on . walk out into the sunlight , and Paul take he he new city of residence . matt net block a lot of UV ray , but still might want to put you hat they head toward a cluster of '' ride - share '' vehicle that resemble a cross between a golf cart and a smart car . any matt ( cont 'd ) time you need to get somewhere , just hop in one this bad boy . and if they be in short supply , it 's fun to share . I have meet some super people that way . just super . 99 int . ride - share car - day 99 Paul look blankly out the window , absorb in he own private agony . matt over to you right there , that big white oval building be one of we seven Sports center and the one that house the large indoor ski facility in the world -- you know , relatively speak . and over there be Lake Chester , name for Mr. Dale 's dog . 100 ext . paul 's block - day 100 the car roll down a street and stop in front of a house eerily like the one Paul and audrey tour back in omaha . matt look familiar ? paul that 's the one . 101 102 50 matt the barrington . good call . my sister 's get one . love it . love it . basically like the Regency but a lot more bell and whistle . I like the color you pick out , too . snazzy . ( hand over a fob ) well , sir , here 's the key to you kingdom . welcome to the good life . they stock the kitchen with some standard item , but one thing I should warn you about be the dairy -- it take a while for you stomach to adjust to milk and cheese , so go easy . something about the bacteria . and careful with the hot water . it 's all on one central system , and they keep it cranke up pretty high . I be surprised they have not have a lawsuit yet . paul thanks , Matt . you be a nice guy . Paul get out and trudge toward he new house . matt you need anything , you call I . anything at all . and Paul ? paul yes . matt thanks for help the planet . Paul give a little wave and close the front door as if sealing himself inside a tomb . int . paul 's leisureland house - day 101 walk across the foyer and into the '' great room , '' Paul spot a bouquet , a oversize bottle of champagne , and a card . Paul and audrey , welcome Home ! -- tony Dale he walk to the window and survey he palatial back yard . ext . tennis court - day 102 Paul wander across . 103 104 105 106 107 107a 51 int . upstair hallway - day 103 like Charles Foster kane , Paul plod past huge mirror , he diminish image reflect into infinity . int . master bedroom - day 104 Paul inspect this expansive room decorate with a decidedly feminine touch . int . paul 's leisureland house - day 105 at a repeat doorbell ring , Paul open the front door to find a mover with a clipboard . mover safranek ? Paul nod . the mover turn toward he truck -- Paul and audrey 's keepsake box mount to a cab . mover ( cont ’d ) okay ! another mover walk toward the house carry what look like two hula hoop -- he and audrey 's wedding ring . int . master bathroom - day 106 Paul robotically remove he clothes , step into the shower , and turn on the water . paul Owwww ! int . media room - day 107 Paul sit in a recliner , watch tv and guzzle champagne . on tv - a news report 107a a anchor speak to camera , while behind he / she a graphic depict a open box with a vietnamese flag on the side and question mark rise out of it . 52 news anchor for year both the Department of homeland Security and the INS have be warning about the ease with which downsize person -- from illegal immigrant to potential terrorist -- could penetrate U.S. border . last week 's discovery in Eugene , Oregon provide tragic new evidence to support that claim . Brian fakler bring we up to date . 107b ext . costco - day 107b brian fakler this costco be just one of thousand of big - box store around the country that import almost a million ton of goods weekly , most of it from Asia . last week worker here in Eugene open a suspicious tv box and discover seventeen downsize stowaways from Vietnam , fourteen of they already dead , two more die hour later at a local hospital . 107c insert - recycled PRESS conference footage 107c police display the BOX in question . one stain bottom corner be perforate with tiny hole punch out for air . brian fakler ( v.o. ) on Friday , the lone survivor , a 45 - year - old woman name ngoc Lan tran , be transfer to a hospital at leisureland estate in New Mexico , widely consider the country 's top medical center for the small . doctor be force to amputate a portion of a infect leg , and today she condition be describe as fair but stable . 107d insert - '' b-roll '' footage 107d ngoc Lan tran be transfer from a helicopter to a medical team outside leisureland . 107e 108 53 brian fakler ( v.o. ) yesterday , U.S. official be able to question the woman for the first time . accord to a statement from the Department of homeland Security , Ms. tran claim to have be jaile for she environmental and political activism and , along with dozen of other dissident , be miniaturized against she will in a vietnamese prison facility . if true , this would bolster accusation by human rights group that repressive government around the world be forcibly downsizing score of prisoner and political undesirable . dolly in on Paul . pan to reveal the wedding ring lean 107e against a wall . int . cave - night 108 tergehl continue he tale . tergehl yes , oodreh 's mind be so bedevile that she abandon poor safrapiil . some of the woman in the clan dry they eye . tergehl ( cont ’d ) can you imagine wishing to remain among the giant ? with all of they fight and all of they hunger ? trample the ground with they huge foot ? to the child 's squeal of delight , tergehl mock how a giant may have walk with unwieldy limb . tergehl ( cont ’d ) yet , incredible as it seem , more and more of the giant begin to fear and despise they smaller brethren . they already hate one another . why would they not hate we even more ? 109 110 111 112 54 ext . government build - day 109 a group of protestor hold sign say thing like , '' downsize shrink a beating heart '' and '' Horton be wrong . '' protester the Bible do not say nothing about little people , and the constitution do not either . ext . the vatican - day 110 the pope speak from he balcony . pope as for the gift of science , as much as it help combat famine and disease , it have no place interfere in God 's design -- not in reproduction , not in genetic engineering , and not in alter the very dimension of we divine be . int . luxury mall - day 111 two wealthy older women opine . woman # 1 it 's like a mouse . how little they be and run around on they little foot . you do not know which way they be go to go . they might run up you leg . woman # 2 and they be dirty . they be too close to the ground . ext . moscow STREET - day 112 woman ( in Russian ) I just do not feel safe in my home . I think one of that small people be go to sneak in and watch I on the toilet . you can not trust they . they be too small . 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 55 ext . STREET - day older guy all that people use to put in a honest day 's work , and now they be run off to get little and sip they pifia coladas . I go into a target the other day , and be not nobody to help I . it be like a ghost town in there . tergehl ( v.o . ) in a way , the giant be right . there be much to fear from such a rapid exodus . ext . army base - stock footage tergehl ( v.o. ) Soldiers would abandon they post . ext . wheat field - stock footage tergehl ( v.o. ) crop would be leave to rot . int . factory - stock footage tergehl ( v.o. ) Workshops would be abandon and overrun by wolf . ext . coal furnace - stock footage tergehl ( v.o. ) who would tend they fire ? ext . women at a river - stock footage tergehl ( v.o. ) who would wash they robe ? int . leisureland conference room - day close on Paul two year later . his hair and eyebrow have grow back . 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 56 tergehl ( v.o . ) but what of safrapiil ? Far remove from the trouble of the world , he be lead a monastic life of poverty and chastity , purging himself of the past and unaware of the adventure that lay ahead . wide -- Paul stand atop a table , pen in hand . lawyer ( 0.s. ) do we need to review any of the term of the settlement ? paul no , it 's all pretty clear . lawyer ( 0.s. ) I really wish you have take she first offer . paul I know . lawyer ( 0.s. ) all right . please step back a little . do not want you to get hurt . the lawyer lay down a thick stack of normal - size document bristle with '' sign here '' flag . Paul step up onto they . lawyer ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) sorry , would you mind remove you shoe ? Paul dutifully slip off he shoe , walk to the signature line , kneel , and begin to sign . lawyer ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) as large as you can , please . wider -- the normal - size lawyer watch Paul laboriously produce a deform , oversize signature . lawyer ( cont ’d ) Nice weather down here . turned real cold back in omaha . paul uh-huh . lawyer wind chill . 120 121 122 123 124 125 57 int . paul 's condominium - day 120 a coffee-for- one brewer fill a travel mug . Paul hurry in from the bedroom of he humble , post - divorce dwelling , grab he coffee , and hurry out the door . ext . the marina - day 121 Paul exit this apartment complex overlook a lake . int . toll -free call CENTER - day 122 Paul weave he way glumly through a massive array of cubicle . a CO - worker get he attention . co- worker hey , Paul , thanks . you be right . raising my monitor really do the trick . my neck feel better and no more tingling in my arm . I never would have make the connection . paul glad to help . at he cubicle , Paul take a seat , don he headset , and answer he first call of the day . paul ( cont 'd ) hello and thank you for call land 's end . my name be Paul . no , mar ’am , I have never be to India . I be in New Mexico . how can I help you ? sure , let I check . int . gondola - day 123 Paul cradle a gift -wrapped box in he lap and gaze absently at the city far below . ext . dave and carol johnson 's house - day 124 Paul plod toward a versaille , leisureland 's most extravagant home . ext . dave and carol johnson 's backyard - day 125 Paul emerge through french door and head toward a birthday party for seven - year - old madison and twenty - five friend . 126 58 kid take pony ride and a magician perform . from a distance we watch Paul approach Dave and Carol , hearing only -- carol ciao , bello ! they exchange pleasantry , and Paul be instruct to place he present atop a obscene mountain of other gift . later -- Paul observe the lavish going - on . Dave wander 126 by . dave hey , pal . why the long face ? ( off Paul 's shrug ) look around you , buddy . life be good . paul I make a mistake , Dave . biggest mistake of my life . should have stay where I be . dave hey , hey , hey . I know divorce put a pretty big dent in anybody 's self - esteem , and what audrey do to you be beyond the pale . I hate she . I barely know she , and you may not hate she , but I hate she . you just have to get back in the saddle , that 's all . paul maybe some day . dave if you want my advice , single mom be the way to go . they have get the whole kid thing out of they system , and they just want to party . a few of ‘em here today . paul that 's okay , I be -- dave and if you be not ready for emotional connection , there be plenty of good time to be have down here , no string attach . just put it on you credit card . 127 59 paul thanks , but I be good . really . in fact , I have start see someone . dave oh , yeah ? paul single mom , actually . dave Ho , ho . now we be talk . well , if that do not work out , or even if it do , there 's this one chick , stacy ? ouch . like a Victoria 's secret model , only sluttier . the trick she know -- man , oh , man . hey , first time 's on I . Paul 's gaze drift to madison , giggle atop a pony . int . paul 's S live room - dusk 127 the doorbell ring . wiping he hand , Paul hurry from the kitchen and greet pleasant but stiff kristen swanson , who hold a pie . she spot paul hi , Kristen . kristen hi . I bring dessert . Apple - blueberry . paul you do not have to do that . a huge yellow rose in a vase . kristen wow , be that a real flower ? where have you get that ? paul full - size flower Mart . just open . it 's like you have never see a flower before . kristen it 's beautiful . 128 60 paul I be tempt to get a lily , but , you know , it have smell up the whole apartment . plus the pollen . int . paul 's dine room - night Paul and Kristen enjoy dinner . kristen Paul , this be so good . paul thanks . the recipe call for chervil , but you can not get chervil here yet . I use dill . kristen well , whatever it be , it 's super - yummy . paul it 's the little thing . I mean , except for no bird and insect you have almost think we be in the normal world . then something happen , and you realize we be not . not that substitute dill for chervil 's a big thing , but you know . they smile and shake they head . life sure be strange . kristen like last month when my parent come down to visit jonah and I -- paul uh-huh . kristen -- and it 's like this whole production with the carry box , and jonah get freak out by grandma and grandpa be so huge and scary . one night they take we for dinner at Fleming 's , you know , real nice , and of course jonah and I be sit on the table in that special seat , and the big people would not stop stare at we . ( more ) 128 61 kristen ( cont 'd ) plus , the restaurant brag about how small people be welcome , but then they charge a huge minimum . paul they should be charge big people extra . they be the one drag the world down . kristen I know . Big people look at we like we be the freak . they be the freak . I mean , sure , I bring jonah here mostly for the school , but I also know I be at least try to do something good . oh , do you hear about all that gas be release in Antarctica ? from the ice ? paul have not really be follow the news much lately . kristen yeah , apparently it 's a big deal . a lot of scientist be say we be already way beyond -- Kristen be interrupt by a blast of euro - DISCO thumping through the ceiling , follow by raucous laughter . Paul offer a apologetic grimace . paul my upstairs neighbor . for month I do not hear a peep -- I guess he be not even here -- then suddenly it 's party , party , party . the other night I have to call Security . he wipe he mouth and head toward he balcony . kristen who be he ? paul some serbian guy . businessman or something . 129 a130 130 62 ext . paul 's balcony - night 129 Paul reach the railing and yell up toward the balcony above . paul dusan ! ( pronounce '' dushan '' ) hey , dusan ! ext . dusan 's balcony - paul 's Pov - continuous a130 euro-handsome dusan mirkovic lean over the railing . dusan yes ? paul you mind turn down the music ? try to have a quiet evening down here . dusan give Paul a little wave of '' no problem . '' dusan 's french girlfriend mariette peek over the railing , too . paul ( cont 'd ) thanks . int . paul 's dine room - moment later 130 the volume of the music be lower than before , but not much . Paul and kirsten continue with they meal . for the moment , neither can think of anything to say , so they simply eat and exchange smile . the doorbell . Paul get up to open it . dusan hello , my friend . paul dusan . dusan May I come in ? once inside , dusan give Paul 's apartment a quick once - over . dusan ( cont ’d ) I be sorry I be disturbing you nice little dinner , but listen , Pete -- 63 paul Paul . and Kristen . dusan hello , Kristen . like I be say , I be have one more , you know , little party at my place tonight . justa few friend . not big like last time . very small . ( notice ) no ! be that a rise ? a real rise ? from where you get a real rise ? paul New store . full - size flower mart. dusan here in leisureland ? why do I not have such a brilliant idea ? how much they be charge for this ? mariette ( 0.s. ) dusan ! dusan step out onto Paul 's balcony and look up . dusan quoi , mar cherie ? mariette ( 0.s . ) ( french ) dusan , what be you do down there ? the caterer just arrive with the food and be ask where to put everything . I tell they in the kitchen . now they be ask to be pay . dusan oui , mar cherie . j’arrive . ( back inside ) anyway , Paul , listen , if tonight noise disturb you , just come upstairs and talk to I . do not make big show like last time yell like crazy man . we be neighbor . and neighbor be friend . what 's better , come to the party . paul thanks , but like I say , we be just try to have a nice , quiet dinner . so try to keep it down , okay ? 131 dusan yes , darling . of course . 64 dusan put a finger to he lip and make a point of tip - toe to the door , close it without a sound . paul kind of a jerk , right ? kristen what 's he even do here ? be not there like a ton of small city in Europe ? int . paul 's hallway - night they date at a end , Paul walk Kristen down the hal boom bass note penetrate through the ceiling . paul yeah , small party . ( imitate ) just a few friend . arrive at the elevator -- kristen well , thanks for a really nice time . plus , cooking and all . sorry I have to leave so early , but , you know , the sitter . the elevator open , and drunken spaniard spill out . paul one floor up . they disappear back into the elevator . paul ( cont 'd ) so ... Sunday . I be hope we could bring jonah . I would like to meet he . kristen yeah . maybe . Paul lean in for a kiss . Kristen allow it , but she not in it . paul be something wrong ? 131 lway . heart 's 132 133 134 65 kristen no . I mean , you be a wonderful guy , Paul , and I have really enjoy hang out with you ... paul ( face darken ) uh-huh . kristen ...- but if I be honest about how I be feel , I just , well , I think it 's still a little early for I to -- paul Fine . I get it . Fine . Paul smack the '' down '' button and walk away . kristen no , Paul , listen , I only mean , if we be bring jonah into it -- paul have a good night . int . paul 's condominium - night 132 Paul slam the door behind he and survey the remnant of dinner . he pick up the leftover pie and throw it away , plate and all . Music and laughter crescendo upstairs . Paul look at the ceiling . int . dusan 's hallway - night 133 now lug the huge rise , Paul exit the elevator and head toward the party . int . dusan's apartment - night 134 Paul step inside to find dozen of people -- various language , fashionable eyewear , distinctive shoe . dusan 's chic apartment could not be more different from Paul 's with its double-high ceiling , wide doorway , fireplace , hip furnishings . feeling instantly out of place , Paul be about to leave . 66 dusan Paul ! you come . and you bring the rise . paul peace offer . dusan look , everybody . this be Paul , my neighbor . look at what he bring I - - a real rise . a real fuck rise ! ( to Paul ) do you think any of this other ungrateful son of bitch think to bring something to dusan ? only you . I like you . what about you blonde american friend ? Paul shake he head . dusan nod in approval . dusan ( cont ’d ) why bring sand to the beach ? ( escort Paul ) look , I know I say it be go to be a small party , but it 's not my fault . I make two or three phone call to close friend , and look what happen . everyone come . nothing else to do in this fuck city after 10 o'clock . this I do not understand . it 's not as if so many people have work in the morning . be the worst trait of small people -- they be lazy . not all , but most . like this lazy guy . konrad ! konrad be a older german in nautical attire -- turtleneck , double - breast blazer -- help himself to a splendid buffet of both normal - size and small gourmet food . konrad what 's that you say about I ? what lie be you tell ? dusan just that in the small world no one want to work . konrad what do you expect ? that be the wonderful thing about become small . you be immediately rich . unless you be very poor . then you be only small . a135 67 paul actually , I would not call myself poor , but I have a job -- dusan konrad be sea captain . never more than ten meter from he boat . konrad I do like my boat . come , I x11 show you . lock arm with Paul and speak with sudden intimacy , konrad lead he onto -- ext . deck - night a135 konrad point out a yacht in the marina below . konrad there she be -- sonja , my beauty . a exact replica of a English yacht from 1927 . you see , I be from many generation , all the way to my grandfather and my father — all sea captain . I remember very well I be seven year old when my grandfather take I for the first time on he boat . I will never forget the rock of the wave , the sound of the wind , the blackness of the water . from that moment I know I would be a sea captain too . paul what bring you to leisureland ? konrad dusan . he even convinced I to become small , mostly for the woman and the party . and , frankly , my wife have all the money , so after she leave , thing become , let 's say , tricky . paul I can relate . konrad it 's really quite wonderful to be small , do not you think ? paul I would say it have its pluse and minuse . 135 68 konrad I be here in you city about once a year , always with dusan . next week I will be in the seychelles , and two week after that I 'il meet friend for a month of sailing on Lake titicaca . can you believe I have never be to Lake titicaca ? paul wait , how do you get you boat from place to place ? you can not sail it . konrad fed - ex , my boy . sonja travel faster than I do . int . sitting room / billiard area - night 135 Paul wander around the party , a amiable smile on he face . he mosey into another room , where a handsome young man hold court . a small group of party - goer surround he , hang onto he every word and laugh at he joke . Paul join they , stand at the back . paul ( to a guy ) who be that ? guy who 's that ? that 's Little ronni . paul Little ronni ? guy the first small baby ever bear . you know , back in Norway . paul Little ronni ? Holy shit . that 's Little ronni ? Paul gather he courage and make he way over to ronni . paul ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to interrupt , but be you really Little ronni ? 136 69 little ronni well , maybe not so little anymore , but yes , that 's I . paul wow . would you mind if I get a picture ? Paul hold out he phone for a selfie . Little ronni gamely put a arm around Paul and pull he hard into he chest . Big smile . int . indoor swimming pool - night 136 Paul wander down the step toward the pool area , where reveler dance . there he watch dusan dance with complete abandon , king of the party , sandwich between mariette , whom he kiss open -mouthed , and another woman . Paul be approach by a hippie-ish young woman , like one might meet at a jam-band concert . Paul return she enigmatic smile . she hug he and whisper in he ear . paul ( above the music ) thanks . so be you . the woman begin dance . Paul gamely join in . paul ( cont 'd ) I be Paul . I live downstairs . she remove a pill from a tiny case and offer it to he . paul ( cont 'd ) what be it ? she wiggle she eyebrow suggestively . paul ( cont 'd ) I need to know what it be . allergy . she place the pill on she extend tongue , sweeten the offer . Paul demur . she shrug and turn away . paul ( cont 'd ) wait . Paul turn she around and kiss she , suck she tongue and the pill deeply into he mouth . he assume there 's more fun in store , but she just nod approvingly , stroke he cheek and dance away . 137 138 139 140 70 int . dusan 's bathroom - night 137 lock the door , Paul stick he finger down he throat in a unsuccessful attempt to induce vomit . int . dusan's live room - night 138 a circle of people converse in Greek . Paul wander by , eye wide , smile , just enjoy the sound . paul ( interrupt ) I be go to take off my shoe . int . indoor swimming pool - night 139 Paul be peak -- eye shut , arm overhead , dance to a rhythm only vaguely related to the music . dusan wander by . dusan have a good time ? paul I just realize ... there 's no reason to be unhappy . I mean , I be here in leisureland , but really I be everywhere . I be connect to everybody . everything 's ... just the way it 's suppose to be . paul' drug -induced Pov -- streak and vibrant . dusan laugh , look directly into camera . dusan yes , baby ! as long as the world be go to shit , let 's make a little money and let 's have a good time . ( in serbian ) you be about to enter whole new world ! fade out . under black -- 140 the sound of a doorbell . int . dusan 's live room - day close on Paul pass out on the floor , wedge between a sofa and a coffee table . the doorbell ring again , startling he awake . 141 71 paul 's Pov -- dusan 's hairy leg stagger toward the door , stop short , then approach he . dusan ( 0.s. ) who be that ? who be down there ? paul it 's I , Paul . dusan ( 0.s. ) Paul who ? who be Paul ? paul from downstairs . you know , Paul . the doorbell again . dusan enough with the fuck doorbell ! he open the door . woman' voice ( unusual asian accent ) good morning , Mr. dusan . we come clean for you . Paul watch the leg of a small clean crew enter , interest pique by one person 's crude prosthetic foot . int . dusan 's kitchen - day Paul shuffles in to find dusan root around . dusan Fucking hyenas eat everything . I be surprised there be even still water when I turn on the sink . he 141 Paul sit on a stool , and dusan pour he coffee . from the next room come the sound of vacuume . dusan ( cont ’d ) so you have fun last night , yes ? you do not know you be so lucky to have exciting neighbor such as I . paul never be to a party like that . so many european . do you know Little ronni be here ? I mean , he 's historic . 72 dusan and boring . good look dumb norwegian guy go around the world have sex with everybody -- woman , man , hermaphrodite , dog , goat , monkey . he will be the first small baby to die of syphilis . but yes , okay , historic . glancing into the next room , Paul notice that the one-legge woman be the one steering the vacuum cleaner . paul apparently he still life in the original colony , you know , over in Norway . I have always want to see that . dusan it 's all right . paul you have be there ? dusan I go once or twice a year . konrad , too . we make business there . good business . paul man , that really must be something to see . you can not even find picture of it online . dusan study Paul . dusan yes , my friend . the world be fill with thing to see . I do not know you , Paul , but I like you . I like you very much . and my advice be to get out of you disgusting little fuck apartment and open you eye . do not be so american . why you even be small if you live like that , like a rat in a cage ? and that ugly woman . paul Kristen ? she 's not ugly . 73 dusan only you furniture be more ugly . you be nice guy , Paul , but little bit pathetic guy . you need help -- you know , how to think about life . last night you dance and you laugh , but inside you cry . paul hey , who be you to talk to I like that ? dusan I be you neighbor , dusan mirkovic . and neighbor be friend . and friend tell friend the truth . okay , maybe sometimes I be a little bit asshole , but the world need asshole . otherwise where would shit come out ? 142 int . dusan 's live room - day 142 Paul sit with dusan on the sofa . dusan smoke a cigar . at some point konrad wander by on he way to get coffee . dusan when I see big people become small , all the new small city , I see opportunity . I ask myself , dusan , why the people they become small ? to help the environment ? please . they become small to have the thing which until now be only for the rich , which , by the way , be the genius of the concept . so I say to my brother srdjan -- I work with my brother . he 's still big . ( low ) my wife , too , by the way . paul ( also low ) you wife ? how do that work ? dusan give a quick , furtive '' thumb - up '' sign accompany by a satisfied nod . dusan so I say , why not bring very special item , luxury item , to the small consumer ? the thing no one else be think to bring ? 74 paul such as ? dusan hold up he cigar . dusan cohiba espléndido . Cuba . the best cigar in the world . how much you pay for this when you be big ? ( Paul shrug ) forty -five , fifty dollar . but when you be small , I will sell you this cigar for one dollar . paul still seem like a lot . I mean , a pack of cigarettes be what , twenty cent , most of it tax ? dusan not if you remember pay fifty dollar for the same cigar . if now you pay only one dollar , you say , I be so happy to be small ! and from one cohiba , we make more than 2000 cigar . okay , maybe the cigar be not actually make in Cuba . maybe they be roll by little albanian in podgorica , but who care ? and this be just the one thing . also perfume and cologn , wine bordeaux and burgundy , brandy and Port and calvados , caviar , jamdén ibérico , truffle . my brother and I be now in seven small city . all around the world . Seven . paul be all that legal ? dusan baby , this be Wild West time . who have time to chase after some fuck serbian guy five inch tall over a few cigar and some wine ? and listen , Paul , anything you want , I can get for you . anything , anytime . again Paul notice with concern the one-legge clean woman as she hobble upstairs on she way to another room . paul ( rise ) Excuse I a minute . 143 75 int . dusan 's bathroom - day 143 Paul appear in the doorway and find the woman rummage through dusan 's medicine cabinet and put some item into she smock . paul hello . she spin around , startle . we may recognize she from the news report -- vietnamese dissident ngoc lan tran . her green cap read '' jade Palace cleanse service . '' paul ( cont 'd ) can I talk to you for a minute ? ngoc lan this medicine too old . too old . I clean , take away for you . ( hold out a bottle ) na-pro-shien . what this do ? paul naproxen . that 's a anti - inflammatory . ( off she blank stare ) it help with pain and swell . she pocket the bottle and pick up another . ngoc lan and this one , what this one do ? paul that 's ... vicodin . that 's also a pain killer , but it 's , well , you want to be careful with that one . ngoc lan ( pockete it ) pain killer ? pain killer good . paul you know , this be not my apartment , and I know you be probably in a lot of pain , but I do not think you should be steal pill . ngoc lan I no steal . they too old , no good . Mr. dusan , he say I okay I take away thing . pill for sick friend . ( close the cabinet ) okay , I finish now . bathroom clean . 76 she push past Paul , and he follow she into -- a144 int . dusan 's second floor hallway - continuous a144 paul well , whatever 's wrong with you '' friend , '' I see you have a really , really bad prosthetic foot . I be sure it 's cause pain in you right hip and knee , probably both knee . lower back . ngoc lan how you know this thing ? you doctor ? paul I be a occupational therapist . wait a second . I know you . you be that -- oh , my God , you be that woman from a couple year ago , the dissident . from Thailand or someplace . what 's you name ? ngoc lan tran ngoc lan. Vietnam . paul yeah , right , I remember you lose you leg below the knee . that 's you ? wow. ( to dusan and konrad downstairs ) hey , dusan , do you know who this be ? dusan yes , of course , the famous ngoc Lan tran . Dramatic escape from vietnamese prison and almost die so that now she can clean my house . America , big land of opportunity ! dusan and konrad share a big laugh . 144 int . dusan 's dine room - day 144 ngoc Lan sit in a chair while Paul cup a kneecap and manipulate the foreleg , then repeat the process with the other leg . dusan and konrad watch , as do , from afar , the rest of the clean crew . ngoc Lan submit to the exam but seem more interested in Paul himself than in what he 's say . 77 paul okay , I be go to push down and you try to push up . mm-hm . you have get some pretty severe asymmetrical muscle compensation . dusan Paul , you be full of surprise . you can do this but you work shit job answer phone ? paul when I move here , I do not think I have be work , so I let my license expire . and to get a license now in a different state ... it 's a boring story . ngoc lan ( to the other cleaner ) hey , you no look I ! you work now . trabajo ! trabajo ! as they scatter , Paul place ngoc Lan 's hand on she own knee and move she foreleg up and down . paul you feel that crunching ? that 's arthritis . it 's already pretty bad . ( release it ) I hate to say it , but if you do not take care of it , pretty soon you be go to need a new knee . and that 's just for starter . maybe a new hip too . you should see a specialist as soon as you can and get a whole new foot . ngoc Lan say nothing . do she understand ? paul ( cont 'd ) in the meantime , I could make a few adjustment to you exist prosthetic and give you some pointer on how to walk better . I hate to see you suffer needlessly after all you have be through . ngoc lan okay , I finish work you come with I . 145 146 78 paul great . I x11 just grab some tool and we can do it right here . ngoc lan no . I say you before my friend sick , need pill . you come with I my house help she . you help she . this situation be get confusing and weird . paul I be sorry , I guess I be not clear . see , I can help you with this , but I be not a doctor . you friend , whatever 's wrong with she , should go to a clinic or hospital . ngoc lan Clinic no good ! I take she clinic wait too long time . stupid doctor say no help for she , no do nothing . he no good stupid doctor in big world , now he small . you come with I ! you come with I now ! Paul look to dusan for help , but dusan just shrug . int . gondola - day 145 Paul , now clean up , ride with ngoc Lan in a crowded car . the other passengers , many in work uniform , be mostly latino . ext . gondola station - day 146 ngoc Lan and Paul exit the station amid a flow of humanity . paul you live near here ? ngoc lan still far . paul maybe we should grab a car . ngoc lan no car . this way . ngoc Lan limp past he , point toward a shuttle stop where three buse be take on passenger . 147 148 79 ext . far side of leisureland - day 147 the bus drive away from central leisureland and enter a very modest section of town -- smallish house , latino child play in the street . int . bus - day 148 ngoc Lan and Paul have find a seat , but the aisle be pack . buoyant ranchera music on the speaker contrast with the weary face of the passenger . paul if you do not mind my ask , you be so famous a couple year ago . everybody be talk about you . I would have think you have be write book and make speech . I mean , how have you wind up clean house ? ngoc lan need money for live . after tv box I stay hospital so long time , almost die . then three host family , but too much problem . leisureland people too selfish . better I live only I , work job make money . paul but after all you have be through , I would have think for sure tony Dale would have be happy to -- ngoc lan do not say I tony Dale ! ( mock ) tony Dale . tony dale. ( a sudden tirade ) everybody say tony Dale so nice guy , help people . I say he bad man , make leisureland people selfish . I say you why tony Dale still big ? be careful you ask he this . he no like this question . I ask he , he say I , '' you go back Vietnam tv box , you talk like this . '' he say I , '' I save you life my hospital , make you better , now why you make bad pr for I . '' he say I ungrateful . he say I selfish . he say I female dog ! ( more ) 149 150 151 152 153 80 ngoc lan ( cont 'd ) female dog okay vietnamese , but female dog English very bad name call woman . tony Dale . Paul nod politely at the outburst . glancing outside , he note that the bus be now pass through -- ext . no man 's land - day a area of undevelop lot and field . one entire square block have be remove , the result hole surround by safety barrier . normal - size men in hard hat work down below , only they head visible above ground . int . bus - day Paul now crane he neck to look through the front windshield and discover that the bus be head directly toward the wall encircle leisureland . ext . far side of leisureland - day the bus disappear into the wall 's shadow and head toward a tunnel in the wall . graffiti around the entrance have make it look like the pupil of a giant eye . int . bus - day the bus motor through the darkness of the tunnel , finally emerge into the light . ext . worker 's CITY - day the bus come to a stop , and Paul follow ngoc Lan off . this be essentially a border town . here the protective overhead netting hang much lower and be poorly maintain -- Paul notice the sagging weight of a bird carcass . as ngoc Lan lead he , he continue to take in a world he have no idea exist . most impose be the sight of -- normal -sine trailer of the sort use for portable classroom or construction office . here they have be re-purpose into apartment building , with row of tiny window and crisscross bootleg wiring . 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 81 ngoc Lan lead Paul up the entrance ramp to one particular trailer name alondra , dodging Spanish - speak child toboggane past on normal - size bottle cap . int . alondra apartment - day 154 stepping inside , Paul pause to absorb the extraordinary interior view . like inside a embassy suite or a high - security prison , walkway on every floor surround a atrium . on the ground floor , resident watch a 26 '' television , which in this context rise three storey tall . the sound of a garish Spanish - language program echoe throughout . ngoc Lan head toward a staircase and begin to climb , she speed impressive . paul ( catch up ) can I ask how high we be go ? ngoc lan Seven floor . paul be not there a elevator ? ngoc lan Elevator break . you walk with I . int . alondra seventh floor - day 155 Paul arrive out of breath , but ngoc Lan seem fine . as they proceed down the walkway , Paul and ngoc Lan navigate around chat neighbor and child at play . mural and graffiti adorn the wall , and the rickety railing be reinforce with dental floss . int . ngoc lan 's apartment - day 156 ngoc Lan and Paul enter this tiny apartment decorate with improvise furnishings -- a table make from a spray can lid , chair carve out of champagne cork , curtain fashioned from old handkerchief . most strike be the image of butterfly cut from normal - size magazine use to cover the wall . ngoc Lan pull back a curtain to reveal gladys , a barely conscious salvadoran woman lie on a piece of foam . 82 ngoc lan this lady gladys . gladys my friend . she very sick . ( loudly ) gladys , how you feel ? é cdémo estaé ? é cémo esta ? I bring food for you . I bring doctor . this man doctor . hombre médico . médico . gladys offer Paul a weak , hopeful smile . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) this lady gladys alone , no have nobody . husband die Mexico when they make small . stupid people forget take out gold from tooth , head explode . paul what ? ngoc lan husband head explode . head explode . from tooth . she come here alone , no money . I meet she she work may first host family , rich leisureland people . now she sick , no more work . ( point ) okay you take care for she . as ngoc Lan go to fill a pail from a crude faucet , Paul have a wave of panic and pull she aside . paul I can not do anything for she . that woman be really sick . she look like she might die . ngoc lan oh yes she die soon . Cancer . Cancer all over stomach . I be with she die . most bad thing die alone . ngoc Lan kneel at gladys 's side and give she water . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) ( loud whisper ) come on , be like doctor . make she feel good . ( to gladys ) hombre médico . Paul draw a deep breath and assume the role he 's be ask to play , squatting down and dredge up he medical Spanish . 83 paul hola , senfora . é ddénde le duele ? gladys ay , doctor , I duele todo , todo . ya no I queda mucho tiempo en esta vida . ngoc Lan reach into she sack and begin place bottle after bottle of drug onto a table . ngoc lan which pill good for she ? how much she take ? paul I have no idea . ngoc lan but you know thing . one , two , five , what ? which one most strong ? paul that one . percocet . ngoc lan ( open it ) yes , percocet . very good for pain . paul try two . ngoc lan two ? this lady very sick . pill old . give four . Paul help she administer the pill . paul this be for the pain . gladys gracias , doctor . paul you rest now . gladys close she eye . paul ( cont 'd ) have you be move she around ? you know , like every few hour ? you do not want she to get bed sore . 157 84 ngoc Lan shake she head . paul ( cont 'd ) here . let 's move she . he instruct ngoc Lan with gesture , and they begin to roll gladys onto she side . ngoc lan see ? you know thing . later -- gladys now lie in a narcotize state . 157 ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) thank you Mr. dusan friend . you help gladys good . paul now let 's make that adjustment for you . ( reach for he tool ) I 'il just need you to remove you foot . ngoc lan not now . I very tired . you go away . I stay with gladys . you go away now . with no further ceremony , ngoc Lan go and busy herself in the kitchen . paul well . some other time , I guess . I just do not know when I be go to see you again . ngoc lan you come Thursday , okay ? Thursday morning you fix leg . you come ten o'clock . at a loss , Paul open the front door . paul my name 's Paul , by the way . Paul safranek . ngoc Lan glance up and give a little nod . Paul take a last look at this strange creature , then leave . 158 159 85 ext . alondra apartment - night 158 it 's dark now . as Paul exit the building , he attention be draw by whooping and shouting . a jubilant group of men have just roll up a normal -size can of tecate Beer . on the count of '' Uno , dos , tre , '' they hoist it up and begin to spin it and shake it . finally , they drop it on the ground , and with practice ease one of they puncture the can with a screwdriver , send a geyser of beer high into the air . they roll the can this way and that to guide the spray into they mouth . other laugh as they be hose down with beer . Paul watch , wistful at the spectacle of this simple pleasure . int . toll -free call CENTER - day 159 Paul squint at he monitor , painfully aware of the senselessness of he job . paul let 's see . extra large be still available in glacier , pebble , tulip , cayenne , moss and aubergine . woman ( on phone ) cayenne , be that like red ? paul more of a brownish red . like brick . woman ( on phone ) I do not like brick . do you think moss be pretty ? paul you know , I do not know , lady . could you please just pick a color ? woman ( on phone ) do not be short with I . paul what do you say ? woman ( on phone ) oooh , I see . you be small . you be one of that disgusting little small people . 86 paul that 's right . and you be extra large . Paul toss he headset on he desk and walk away . int . alondra seventh floor - day 160 carry a small canvas bag , Paul knock on ngoc Lan 's door . soon ngoc Lan open it and invite Paul in . int . ngoc lan 's apartment - continuous 161 upon enter Paul notice that gladys be go . paul where 's gladys ? ngoc lan she die . paul oh , no . I be so sorry . ngoc lan I think maybe I give she too much pill . anyway , she die very happy smile . appall , Paul muster a strain smile . ngoc Lan sit and loosen she leg . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) okay , you fix my foot quick . you do quick . one hour . must clean house soon . paul I can not exactly fix it , but I can make a few adjustment , and I can give you some pointer on how to walk better . it 's a process . and I think I find the right orthopedist for you . ngoc Lan slide the prosthesis off and hand it over . later -- Paul work on the crudely construct foot , push 162 and pull on the hinge and spring . now on crutch , ngoc Lan manage to bring he a cup of tea . paul ( cont 'd ) oh , thank you . very nice . 87 ngoc lan you finish soon okay ? I very busy . go work soon . paul I be get there . ngoc Lan sit . paul ( cont 'd ) I guess you like butterfly . ( point at the wall ) butterfly . ngoc lan yes I like very much . when I little girl my father she take with my sister see butterfly . near my village they come live tree . you know , fly from cold place to hot place every year . live tree near village then go away come back . paul oh , migrate butterfly . sound beautiful . ngoc lan yes so many butterfly in tree very beautiful . I no forget . so many color . paul how do you say butterfly in vietnamese ? ngoc lan con bu ’6’m . paul kon booyem . ngoc lan ( amused ) con bu ’6’m . paul you must miss you village . ngoc lan no more village . government make people go away put water all over village , all over everywhere . too much water . 88 paul too much water ? ngoc lan Big water make electricity . paul a dam . ngoc lan yes , dam . they make dam . many village no more . this why I go prison . I my sister make big protest . paul huh . what happen to you sister ? ngoc lan she die prison . too much cold . chest fill up bad . she die . a solemn moment pass . then Paul apply extra force to a stubborn coupling and -- kkrch ! -- the joint pop apart and the entire prosthetic collapse in he hand . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) what happen ? Paul try awkwardly to shield the break foot from view . paul nothing , I think I just -- a spring and a bolt or two drop noisily onto the floor . int . alondra apartment - day 163 Paul carry ngoc Lan piggy - back down the stair . she clutches she crutch . ngoc lan you stupid man ! you say help I . this no help ! you break my foot ! paul you be just lucky it do not fail while you be walk down this stair . you could have break you neck ! 89 ngoc lan many people depend for I ! I okay before , walk around good . even I forget I have no foot . now you come , make my life more harder ! paul you need a new foot anyway . we be go to get you a good one . be that so hard to understand ? Jesus ! ngoc lan no say Jesus bad way ! paul now I be suppose to watch my language ? what be I , twelve ? you be worse than my mother . ngoc lan I feel sorry for you mother ! I sure she suffer too much for you fault . int . luxurious house live room - day 164 close on a vacuum cleaner . wide -- Paul be the one guide it , now wear a '' jade Palace cleanse service '' cap . ngoc Lan sit nearby . ngoc lan no do so fast ! vacuum cleaner need time same direction clean good . he shoot she a resentful glance , then notice other crew member whisper to each other and laugh . int . luxurious house kitchen - day 165 Paul clean the stove . ngoc Lan sit on a chair help the lady of the house go through the refrigerator as they pull out leftover and stack they in a box . lady of the house and you can take this -- that 's turkey casserole from a couple day ago . this avocados be a bit soft , but -- 90 ngoc lan thank you , yes . I take all this . lady of the house ( a tupperware container ) I think this one 's leftover pasta . it might be a little too old . ngoc Lan peel open the lid and peer inside . ngoc lan in prison we die for such food . ext . t.g.i. friday - day 166 ngoc Lan wait in a car outside this downsize version of the familiar franchise . accompany by the manager roger , Paul exit the front door and head toward the car . both carry take - out food container . Paul open the trunk . roger ( to ngoc Lan ) not too many leftover entré today , but I throw in lot of baked potato soup . ngoc lan thank you , Roger . roger finally get yourself a helper , huh , ngoc Lan ? ngoc lan this Paul . he break my foot . roger how have you manage that , buddy ? ngoc lan he stupid . paul Long story . we be sorting it out . int . alondra apartment lobby - night 167 ngoc Lan thread she way on crutch through tv viewer in the atrium . some call out warm greeting . Paul follow with trays of left-over food . 91 they reach senor cardenas , a frail old man doze ina wheelchair . ngoc Lan give he a gentle nudge . ngoc lan hola , senor Cardenas . é hambre ? senor cardenas ay , si , chinita . gracias . she place food from Paul 's stack on the old man 's lap . senor cardenas ( cont 'd ) God will repay you . ngoc lan how 's you lung ? how 's you lung ? senor cardenas a little better today , gracias . ngoc Lan nod approvingly . ngoc lan okay over here next . this way . int . another apartment - night 168 a mother lift she nine - year - old son 's shirt to reveal red circle on he chest and back . the woman 's husband look on . ngoc Lan look to Paul for a verdict . paul ouch . okay . that look painful . mucho dolor , verdad ? son si. mother I give he bath and scrub he and put herb , but nothing help . paul I bet that 's ringworm . I do not know how to say that in Spanish . ( think ) ringworm 's a fungus , so ... no bafo . no bano . no agua . seco. seco. ( to ngoc Lan ) maybe I can find something at the drugstore and bring it for he tomorrow . 170 171 172 92 ngoc lan yes , you bring . ( to the woman ) manana medicina . paul manana medicina . int . alondra second -floor corridor - night 169 ngoc Lan and Paul stand at a open door , distribute the last of the food to unseen recipient . paul that 's it , right ? ready to go home ? ngoc lan now we go church pray Jesus . int . pentecostalist church - night 170 parishioner sing a hymn . some shake tambourine . try to be a good sport , Paul stand next to ngoc Lan , but he have never be more out of he element . hymn ( v.o. ) jesucristo es el sefor. jesucristo es el sefior ... later -- the Spanish -speak minister shout into a 171 microphone , he word distort by a cheap amp . the faithful sway back and forth , eye close , one hand raise , ngoc Lan among they . int . alondra apartment - night 172 Paul carry ngoc Lan piggy - back upstairs . ngoc lan you come back tomorrow morning pick I up . eight o'clock . paul yeah , okay . I '’11 be there . Paul lose he balance for a moment . ngoc lan careful ! 173 174 93 paul I get you . stop shifting around ! dissolve to : int . dusan 's hallway - day 173 close on a door and the sound of a familiar doorbell . dusan ( 0.s. ) okay , okay ! I be come ! the door be open by a unshaven , hungover dusan , who look into camera and dissolves into laughter . reverse angle -- it 's ngoc Lan and she clean crew , among they a fully uniform and humiliate Paul . ngoc lan good morning , Mr. dusan . we come clean for you . int . dusan 's apartment - continuous 174 as the crew enter and disperse to clean up the post - party mess , we see that ngoc Lan now sport a peg leg . dusan put he arm around Paul 's shoulder . dusan answer phone be not dignify enough for you , I see . now you progress to clean toilet . I love you , Paul . I really love you . you be such a funny guy . paul yeah . hilarious . dusan like I say , Paul , you be too much nice guy and little bit pathetic guy . paul well , I break she damn foot ! what be I suppose to do ? dusan this be absolutely fantastic . ( yell ) ( more ) 175 94 dusan ( cont 'd ) konrad , konrad ! you must come see something ! this be so fuck funny ! paul it 's just until she get a new foot . dusan and how long will that be ? paul I do not know . the doctor say a month , maybe six week . dusan that 's a eternity . paul meantime she 's stick with a peg leg , which be almost worse than nothing at all . she 's waddling around like a goddamn pirate ! ngoc lan ( 0.s. ) Paul ! no talk with Mr. dusan ! you go upstairs with verdénica ! Paul be train to obey but hesitates under dusan 's gaze . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) Paul ! paul I hear you ! as Paul trot off , dusan double over . dusan do not worry , Paul . dusan will save you . int . dusan 's kitchen - day 175 ngoc Lan sort through leftover , mutter to herself . ngoc lan this good ... I take this ... ( smell a box ) ooh , this throw away ... this , I do not know what this be . dusan and konrad enter behind she . 95 dusan yes , please , miss tran , take everything . Mr. konrad and I be leave day after tomorrow and do not know when we will be back . ngoc lan okay good . thank you . dusan motion for Paul to join they . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) Paul , Mr. dusan say I take food . you go find big box . dusan yes , in a minute . first there 's something very important to discuss . ngoc lan ( turn around ) yes ? int . dusan 's kitchen table - day 176 the four have gather for a talk around the table . dusan listen , here be the situation . I do not know exactly what , but something big -- very big -- be happen at the original small colony . you know , the one in Norway . they want I to go there right away with a very important delivery . too complicated to explain . top secret and very urgent . most important they be offer we very big money . konrad very big . dusan this mean we need extra help to do this quickly and make they happy . and I be sorry to say , we need the same excellent helper who be currently help you . ( point at Paul ) him . the room fall silent as ngoc Lan let this sink in . 96 paul yes , ngoc Lan , I have to go to Norway with this guy . ngoc lan so ... you say ... Paul go with you Norway ? dusan yes , that be the situation . emergency situation . konrad and deeply humanitarian . instead of argue , ngoc Lan remain subdued . ngoc lan Paul , you want go Mr. dusan Norway ? paul that 's what I just say . I mean , look , ngoc Lan , I 'il still be able to help one- hundred - percent when I get home and when you get you new foot , and -- ngoc lan you leave Wednesday ? paul yes. ngoc lan and how long you go ? Paul look to the man for help . konrad at least ten day . maybe more . ngoc Lan perform mental calculation , then smile . ngoc lan yes , okay , Norway . I go Norway too . dusan no , no , no , not you . only Paul . ngoc lan I go Norway too . Paul , you help I during trip . 177 97 dusan but you be very busy here with humanitarian activity of you own . and you clean business . ngoc lan ver6nica and other lady know every place . they do for I , I pay they good . no problem I go . ( cheery now ) Norway colony people invite I so many time but I never go . feel so , so guilty . they so nice people . dusan what ? who invite you ? ngoc lan when I hospital so long time after tv box , people all over world send I happy card , flower , candy , make I feel good . so many letter . one letter very special I never forget . from jorgen asbjornsen . tear well up in she eye . the man exchange panicked look . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) Dr. asbj@rnsen she write I say he feel so , so bad I suffer for he fault . he say he painful , he never think make small so bad for people . Dr. asbjornsen letter make I feel so better . I write letter too , say now first time I proud be small . so good man . he say I make trip go Norway any day . but I too busy , always too busy . now Jesus give I beautiful gift , go Norway . thank you Mr. dusan , thank you Mr. konrad . yes , yes , I go Norway . so happy . ( cry ) thank you special time . ext . norwegian fjord - day 177 stun view of the lush valley of a ocean inlet . radiant color reflect off high , verdant cliff . konrad 's yacht cruise up the fjord towing a barge load with cargo , include huge , normal -size bottle of vodka . 178 179 180 98 ext . konrad 's yacht - day 178 Paul stand at the prow , the wind in he hair , ngoc Lan beside he . Paul look up at the wheel house , where konrad be at the helm chat with dusan . then he look down at ngoc Lan 's peg leg . it 's all so odd , so unexpected . ext . rear deck - sunset 179 from a distance , we see Paul , ngoc Lan , dusan and konrad dining together , enjoy the splendid view . dusan clown to the delight of the other , and ngoc Lan seem unusually relaxed and happy . int . cabin hallway - night 180 Paul help ngoc Lan down the step to the sleep area , and she open the door to she cabin . ngoc lan good night , Paul . I be sure you have very much work to do with dusan konrad . very important job only you can do . paul um , yeah . well -- ngoc lan I know you no like clean . I too big boss , you try run away from I . paul no , no . that 's not -- ngoc lan no good lie I . Jesus my friend . he always say I truth . Paul squint at she . be she for real ? then ngoc Lan laugh -- a endear honk . paul do you want help with you leg ? ngoc lan I take care myself . good night , Paul . 181 182 99 paul good night . sleep well . Paul watch she go , surprised by sudden pang of long . int . paul 's cabin - night 181 Paul awaken when the engine suddenly cut , and the boat slow to a stop . voice and footstep follow . Paul rise to peer out he tiny porthole . in the moonlight he make out a skiff pull alongside the yacht and two new passengers help off the skiff and onto the yacht . ext . konrad 's yacht - day 182 a unshaven Paul emerge onto the deck and be about to head to the wheelhouse when he notice -- ngoc lan and a elderly man and woman seat on the rear deck , converse . the woman lean forward to clasp one of ngoc Lan 's hand in empathy and consolation . Paul make he way astern . ngoc lan look , Paul . this jorgen asbjornsen . and she wife . upon meeting the asbjornsen again , we see that the year of stress have not be kind . paul oh , my god. jorgen asbjornsen . hello . this be such a honor . ngoc lan see , Paul ? Jesus smile for I . ( to the asbjornsen ) I say Paul I want visit Norway only meet you . anne-helene I be anne-helene . please , sit . join we . we be watch the world go by . dr . asbj®@rnsen you have no idea how terribly grief - stricken we be by miss tran 's case . 100 anne-helene yes . jorgen have lose so much sleep over all the abuse . ( to ngoc Lan ) it 's such a pleasure to meet you at last . I just can not tell you . a few moment of quiet as all take in the surroundings . dr . asbj®@rnsen it 's humbling , no ? nature be such a patient sculptor -- grind a tiny bit each day slowly , slowly for thousand of year to make such a supremely beautiful thing . ( overcome with sadness ) what a waste . what a dreadful waste . Dr. asbj@rnsen rise and shuffles away , mutter to himself in norwegian . anne-helene you will have to excuse jorgen . this past few day have be especially hard . such a big decision to make . and so quickly . normally when we visit the colony , we like to take the train and spend a few day in narvik . but then the news come and , well , here we be , suddenly impose on you . we scarcely have time to pack . paul I be sorry , but what news ? anne-helene why , the methane release . in Antarctica . you must know about the methane . paul sure ... but that 's not new , right ? I mean -- anne-helene New or old , it 's the end . the end of everything . ( vise ) I be sorry , I should check on jorgen . 101 183 int . galley - dusk 183 all aboard have gather for dinner around a table and listen intently to the great man in they midst . dr . asbj®@rnsen the Earth have already see five major extinction , and now there will be another . I do not want to believe it , none of we do . but there we be in Helsinki , big and small -- climatologist , biologist , physicist , demographer , immunologist , 26 Nobel Prize winner among we . we build all the model , do all the math , and the conclusion be consistent . homo sapien will soon vanish from the Earth . the only question be when . some say 500 year . some say sixty . now with the terrible spike in methane release , it 's out of we grasp . regardless how the end will come -- unbreathable air , impotable water , incurable disease , environmental catastrophe , nuclear winter , likely a combination of they all -- relatively soon the Earth will indeed purge itself of human life , and God know how many other species . it be now a actuarial certainty . his mind reeling , Paul look at ngoc Lan . she have be listen quietly , but tear flow down she face . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) ( pour himself a drink ) not a very successful species , this homo sapien , even with such great intelligence . barely 200 thousand year . alligator have survive 200 million year with a brain the size of a walnut . paul do you really mean extinction ? what about downsizing ? dr . asbj®@rnsen yeah , yeah , too little too late . only 3 % of the world have miniaturized . there simply be not enough time . yes , extinction be exactly the correct word . 184 185 102 ext . deck - dusk 184 Paul and ngoc Lan lean against the railing , soothed by the star and the wind . paul people have be predict the end of the world for thousand of year , and now it 's really happen . I guess somebody have to be right someday . ngoc lan so sad . very sad . they gaze at the moonlit landscape . the moment be ripe for love . ngoc Lan look at Paul , hope he ’1ll sense she need , but he seem oblivious , and she start to walk away . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) sleep now . good night , Paul . paul good night , ngoc Lan . surprise by she abrupt departure , Paul watch she go . then she pause , emit a barely audible grunt of pain . paul ( cont 'd ) you okay ? ngoc lan I fine . paul maybe I should take a look . ngoc lan okay . yes . you look . int . ngoc lan be cabin - night 185 ngoc Lan lie on the bed with one pant leg roll up . paul yeah , that peg 's make the socket chafe a little . Paul squeeze lotion into he palm and begin to massage the tender skin of ngoc Lan 's stump . 186 187 103 paul ( cont 'd ) you know , if someone have tell I five year ago that one day I have be four inch tall , divorced , help a famous vietnamese dissident get a new foot , and cruise up a fjord in Norway discuss the end of the world with jorgen asbjernsen , I would have say he be crazy . Paul notice she have not be listen . her eye be close , and she head be tip back . she moan slightly . Paul stop massage . ngoc Lan open she eye just enough to give he a look , then close they again . summon he courage , he lie down next to she and plant he lip on hers . she 's stiff and unresponsive , so he stop . paul ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I think ... Jesus , I be such a idiot . ngoc Lan open she eye and give Paul a look at once fierce and vulnerable . ngoc lan no. please . I want . Paul draw a deep breath , ease he way close again and give she a few gentle kiss . ever so slowly , she reciprocate . fade out . under black -- 186 a strange SOUND -- ooooeeeeooooo . ext . konrad 's yacht - morning Zipping up parkas as they emerge onto the deck , ngoc Lan and Paul discover a different landscape . the wall of the fjord be narrower , the terrain even lusher . int . wheel house - morning 187 as Paul and ngoc Lan enter , konrad and dusan exchange a know look . there be no secret on a boat . oooeeeeoooooo ! paul what 's that sound ? 188 189 190 191 192 104 konrad a greeting . konrad blast the foghorn in response . when ngoc Lan look away , dusan give Paul a wink and make a crude gesture . Paul respond with a glare that say , '' cool it . '' ext . island in the fjord - morning 188 a tiny beard man in rustic clothing stand on a cliff blow into a lacquer snail shell . oooeeeeoooooo ! ext . port - day 189 motor into a bay , the boat approach a load dock . a few downsize fishing boat be moor in the harbor , they prow carve into dragon head as a homage to Viking heritage . no dwelling be in sight -- just the dock , two cargo crane , and a road lead away from port . horse -drawn cart with driver await the yacht 's arrival . ext . konrad 's yacht - day 190 dusan stand with Paul and ngoc Lan at the railing . ext . hillside road - day 191 harness horse pull a wooden cart up a steep series of switchback . Paul , ngoc Lan , dusan and the asbjornsen ride together in back . in the distance below , crane unload the yacht 's cargo . ext . cart - day 192 ngoc Lan be staggered by the immediacy and immensity of nature from a small perspective -- tree tall as mountain , leave broad as sail . Paul share the feel but even more delight in watch ngoc Lan . ngoc lan I think never in my life I will see some place so beautiful again . 193 194 105 ext . hilltop - day 193 the cart crest a hill and pause to enjoy the remarkable view . a lush valley cradle a village surround by tiere field . near the village be larger , more modern building . anne-helene all this land -- everything you see -- belong for century to the edvardsen family . it be nellie edvardsen 's granddaughter solveig who arrange for we to use this place for we settlement . dr . asbj®@rnsen solveig will remind you of this many time . anne-helene jorgen . dr . asbj®@rnsen ( with distaste ) solveig . paul so that 's it . the colony . and that 's the original dome . wow . dr . asbj®@rnsen we use it now as a social hall and fitness center , but yes , this be where we start . anne-helene it be a wonderful time . remember , jorgen ? dr . asbj®@rnsen ( wistful ) I remember . ext . village - day 194 the cart pass through a gate and into the settlement , a marriage between a traditional scandinavian village and a modern eco-commune . the resident 's appearance suggest a life of communal value and harmony with nature -- long hair , sandal , beard , ruddy cheek , rustic garment . all race be represent . 195 106 there 's a sense of urgency among the villager as they bustle about , but they be not too busy to cheer the asbjornsen as they pass . the couple respond humbly with smile and wave . crowd papa jorgen ! mama anne-helene ! ext . the shed - day 195 the cart stop near a large , weathered shed build into the side of a hill . a small welcoming party of scientist and engineer greet the new arrival . solveig ( 0.s. ) jorgen , Anne -helene ! oh , thank God you have arrive ! why do not anyone tell I ? all turn to see solveig edvardsen run toward they . a plus - size norwegian woman in she 60 , she 's hike up the hem of she long , flow garment to avoid the mud . dr . asbj®@rnsen ( smile stiffly ) solveig . solveig make a big show of embrace the asbjernsen , draw they into she ample bosom . solveig I love you . I love you both so much . ever since the decision , I do not feel right without you here . and you know how I be when I worry . I can not eat . I can not sleep . ask anyone here , they 's 1l tell you . my stomach have be so upset , like I want to throw up all the time , but can not . and I have have a awful headache that just will not go away . I know you know about my headache . I love you so much . thank God you be here -- I feel so much better now , like a big release . a fellow scientist come to the rescue . fellow scientist sorry to interrupt , jorgen , but we need you advice immediately . dr . asbj®@rnsen yes , yes . Excuse we , solveig . unplugge the other 107 solveig of course , darling . you have get important thing to do . I love you . you be a genius . anne-helene ( head away too ) you look wonderful , solveig . solveig really ? I do ? you really think so ? anne-helene wonderful . solveig ( grateful ) oh , honey . from the attention she crave , solveig latch onto new arrival . solveig ( cont ’d ) dusan , dusan , dear dusan . bless you for come so quickly . I love you . dusan ( kissing she cheek ) solveig , my darling , I be always happy to help -- in difficult time , in easy time , in happy time . be always a pleasure to visit you and you lovely village . solveig it be lovely , be not it ? I can not bear to think I will not see it again . ( to Paul and ngoc Lan ) you know , I be the one who make this colony possible in the first place . I have be come since I be just a baby . papa use to fly we here every summer in he float plane . I remember one time -- ( to Paul ) wait . I know you . paul I ? solveig ( grip he arm ) I be sure of it . ( more ) 108 solveig ( cont 'd ) you be in my dream last night . I be a little girl , and I be afraid and lonely , but there you be , walk beside I . paul be you sure it be I ? because we have never -- solveig you be a horse or a pony -- something very strong -- and I instantly feel better . then I mount you and ride you through a dangerous forest . and here you be . right before we leave . another miracle . you be come with we , be not you ? dusan ( jump in ) solveig , darling , listen , we love you , but my friend and I be just here for the delivery , and then we must go home . solveig that 's really so sad . we have love it if you have join we . paul I be sorry , do you say you be leave ? solveig oh. yes . all of we . do not anyone tell you ? paul where be you go ? solveig point at the shed -- be not it obvious ? solveig in there . would you like to see ? ( lead they , to dusan ) you do remember my hand cream , do not you ? I could not survive without it . 196 int . the shed - day 109 196 solveig escort the group inside . to Paul and ngoc Lan 's surprise , they find that the rustic shelter conceal the entrance to -- a large tunnel , disappear into the mountain like a mine shaft . ngoc lan where it go ? solveig to China ! ( giggle ) — ; I be sorry , forgive I . sometimes I be so silly . no , to the vault . paul the vault ? solveig oh , yes . we have be work on it almost since the very beginning . actually , not many people know this , but it be my idea dusan of course it be . you be always think ahead . solveig when jorgen make he big discovery , I say , look , jorgen , you be a genius , and downsizing be a genius idea . no one 's question that . no one . but what if people do not accept it ? what if it do not catch on in time ? look at I -- you know , it take I year before I do it . I have to sell my antique and find home for my cat . they be very old and one of they be diabetic , need two shot every day . it be a complete nightmare . anyway , this be what they come up with . on my suggestion . solveig lead ngoc Lan and Paul toward torvald , seat at a control panel . solveig ( cont ’d ) torvald , be a sweetheart and give we friend a little tour . a engineer torvald the tunnel lead to a vault 1.6 kilometer inside the Earth 's lithosphere and encase in a double layer of inconel 625 . torvald point at a array of monitor display high - angle view of street , home , farm and pasture . torvald ( cont ’d ) in addition to maintain a broad spectrum of biodiversity , the vault be equip with field for grow food , forest for lumber , livestock for animal husbandry . the residential area be spacious and easily expandable to provide for future generation . paul wait , that 's not underground . solveig of course it be ! we new size make it possible . otherwise we never could have dream of preserve so much of the world in a single safe place . paul this be brilliant . ( to ngoc Lan ) be not this brilliant ? like noah 's ark . solveig that 's exactly what I tell jorgen . it 's noah 's ark ! paul what kind of power be you use , nuclear ? torvald no , no , 100 % geothermal . interoperable organic system manage production of artificial sunlight , oxygen , co2 elimination , water purification , and so forth . as Paul soak everything up , ngoc Lan take he hand . paul so how long will you stay down there ? 197 solveig what be it , torvald ? eight thousand year ? torvald ( lip purse ) something like that . until the surface environment stabilize . int . community dine hall - night 197 all the villager -- perhaps 250 -- dine together at long wooden table . tonight the atmosphere be electric . Paul and ngoc Lan sit near the asbjornsen and other scientist who , between chew , dispassionately explain the project at hand . konrad and dusan sit nearby . one scientist you know , it 's not unprecedented what we be do . less than a hundred thousand year ago human experience a near-extinction . maybe 2,000 survive . and from that handful come all the billion of people you see today . another scientist rebooting the species . nothing new . glass clink . Dr. asbjornsen rise . never a comfortable public speaker , he scan the face turn he way . dr . asbj®@rnsen my friend . many year ago , when we discover cellular miniaturization , the world which have seem so doom feel suddenly so full of possibility . we know we have find the portal to the next stage of man 's evolution . so until very recently , I maintain hope that the contingency plan we embark upon tomorrow could remain simply that -- a plan . he pause , reign in he emotion . dr . asbj®@rnsen ( cont 'd ) but history have speak , and this be we final dinner in the place we have call home for so many year . and here , on this beautiful little island ( more ) 112 dr . asbj@rnsen ( cont 'd ) ( notice solveig 's look ) -- this island which solveig edvardsen have the vision and generosity to provide we ... solveig nod proudly . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) ... the very survival of mankind rest in we hand . yes , we be sad to leave , and terribly sad for the reason why , but man be too beautiful , too improbable a life form to be allow to disappear forever from the cosmos . ( norwegian ) it be no shame to look into the warm spring sun and regret a lose limb . the Norwegians present nod and murmur in agreement . someone use the moment to hand asbjornsen a note . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) ah , yes . the kitchen staff wish to remind everyone that after you scrape you plate , you should place they in the stack cart , not the dish wash belt . ( clear he throat ) now then , I would like to ask the survive member of the original colony to stand . twenty people solemnly rise . most be in they fifty or older , but among they we recognize one handsome young man . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) look at he -- Little ronni , how he 's grow . as ronni smile , we note a herpes sore on he upper lip . dr . asbj®rnsen ( cont ’d ) ( address the original ) I ask you again as I ask you so many year ago . generation to come - - perhaps all of humanity -- will thank you for you bravery and commitment . but you must ask yourself whether you be truly ready to enter a new world . for there will be no turn back . be you ready ? 113 little ronni I be ready ! original colony member yes ! I be ready ! yes ! tear and embrace throughout the room . dr . asbj®@rnsen be everyone ready ? shout of '' I be ready ! '' coalesce into a ebullient group chant of '' we be ready . '' konrad , ngoc Lan and dusan be move to witness this momentous proceedings , but Paul 's reaction be even more profound . something deep inside he be awaken . 198 ext . village square - night 198 resident throw furniture into a bonfire . drunken man sing Viking song . a hypnotic drum beat inspire dance . dusan konrad , what do you think ? be the end of civilization really come so soon ? konrad look here . my uncle use to say he be bear during the austro-hungarian Empire , then outlive both the third Reich and communism , all three of which be suppose to last forever . in the 1930s they discover a pyramid in Egypt -- a pyramid ! -- when a camel stubbed its toe . how do one lose a pyramid ? or look up at the sky . so many of that bright , bright star go dark before human even exist -- we just do not know it yet . all thing come to a end . why should not we ? but look at the positive side -- if we world really be come to a end , it 's fascinating to be watch . 199 ext . hillside above village - night 199 Paul sit alone , deep in think , look down at the tunnel entrance . 114 the shed have be dismantle , and work light illuminate a parade of cart head inside load with supplies . ngoc Lan approach , struggle up the hill . ngoc lan where you go ? I look many place for you . paul I have be here . ngoc lan ( sit ) I talk with dusan , he say fat lady pay , he ready go back . I happy for that . too long time away from sefior Cardenas and Mrs. Lopez . I worry too much for they . paul ngoc Lan , you can not just be worried about a few little people thousand of mile away . you have to look at the big picture . ngoc lan why you say like this ? paul because Mr. Cardenas , Mrs. ldpez , they do not stand a chance , none of we do ! ( gesture ) all of this -- it 's over . can not you see what 's go on ? this be a define moment in human history . more than that -- in the history of the universe . and for some reason you and I be here . ngoc lan you want go with they . paul and I want you to come with I . ngoc lan you crazy man ! always I know you stupid . now I see you crazy too . paul how be I crazy ? you hear they . this be the only chance for the survival of we species -- that 's huge ! you want to help people ? this be the people you should be help . the future of humanity be down that hole ! ngoc lan who you help down there ? people here need help , not down stupid hole ! 200 ext . village square - night 200 ngoc Lan pull Paul by the hand toward dusan and konrad , by now quite drunk . ngoc lan dusan , konrad , talk to crazy Paul . he say he want go down hole , I go with he . dusan Paul , Paul , Paul , Paul ... why would you do such a silly thing ? paul why not ? dusan because you will live the rest of you life in a hole in the ground . like a worm . paul this people be save the human race , and I want to help . dusan okay , fine , you want to help . then do what I do -- give they a semen sample . konrad I do , too . that 's a much more pleasant way to help . paul if I be not suppose to be a part of this thing , then why be I here ? I look at my life and I ... I be a nobody . ( more ) 201 paul ( cont 'd ) but now I connect the dot and see it 's all be lead I here . why do not I become a doctor ? why do I downsize ? why do my wife abandon I ? dusan , how do you just happen to be my neighbor ? ngoc Lan , why be you the only one to survive that box and just happen to be clean dusan 's place that day ? and if you have not lose you leg , I would not have try to help you -- which , as usual , I screw up . and why do I screw up ? so I could wind up here at exactly the right time to go into that tunnel ! I finally have the chance to do something that matter . dusan Paul , come on , you really be talk crazy . this people , they be wonderful , but -- konrad it 's like a cult . dusan it 's like a cult . and the extinction 's not happen for , you know , maybe few hundred year . have nothing to do with you . forget it . have a drink . besides , you think they will not behave as people always behave ? they be all go to go insane down there and kill each other . they will go extinct long before we do . Paul search the face of he three friend , see they as both ally and enemy . then he turn and march off into the night . ngoc Lan watch he go , she heart break . dusan ( cont 'd ) do not worry , darling . he say it himself . nothing he ever want to do work out . ext . field outside village - day 201 the bacchanal continue on a beautiful , sunny day . around a pond , villager sunbathe , picnic and skinny dip . other siphon vodka from a bottle lie on its side . now dress in '' native '' loose - fitting clothes and clog , Paul dance with a group near the drum circle . ngoc Lan approach shyly , stop a few foot away . notice and head over . paul beautiful day , huh ? know it 's the last time I 'il see the real sun make it so ... vibrant . ngoc lan I ask you question . you say I truth . okay ? ( he nod ) other night on boat ... what kind of fuck you give I ? paul what ? ngoc lan what kind of fuck you give I ? paul what kind ? I do not ... I have no idea what you be talk about . ngoc lan american people , eight kind of fuck . ( count on finger ) Love fuck , hate fuck , sex - only fuck , break - up fuck , make - up fuck , buddy fuck , drunk fuck , pity fuck . paul look , I do not know where you hear that , but -- ngoc lan third host family . paul that 's just stupid . there 's a whole spectrum of ... emotion and ... motivation . and you should not say '' fuck . '' it 's vulgar . say '' make love '' or something . I do not know . ngoc lan so ... be love fuck ? paul no , I mean ... what 's this all about ? 117 Paul 202 ngoc lan you look for I , you want help I , you make fuck with I , now you go down stupid hole . so I try to think what kind fuck you give I . I think maybe pity fuck . for leg . paul no , no , ngoc Lan , I care about you deeply . you be a extraordinary human be , and I admire you so much . more than anything I want you to come with I . ngoc lan people always say I I strong . okay , maybe Vietnam I organize many protest , survive two year prison and punish I make small . I only person survive tv box , everybody die . I walk around no foot , take care for other people . but I woman . feeling . paul I be sorry . I really be . it 's so easy for I to see who you be . but if I do not do this , who be I ? I mean , really . who be I ? ngoc lan you Paul safranek . you good man . villager ( 0.s. ) look ! look ! butterfly , big as kite , flutter overhead . paul look , ngoc Lan ! butterfly ! kon booyem ! kon booyem ! even this miraculous sight can not lift she sadness . later -- the villager have amass to watch the sunset . no 202 one move . no one speak . a woman atop a rock sing a haunt Viking song of farewell . solemn face , many streak by tear , be light by the golden set sun . among they we see the asbjornsen stand with great dignity , and solveig , sobbing a bit too loudly . 203 119 despite wounded feeling , ngoc Lan recognize it 's the last time she will see Paul , and she allow herself to slip she arm around he waist . he place a arm over she shoulder . the sun vanish , its amber light now streak by pink , green and blue . spontaneous applause . now the resident turn to walk slowly toward the tunnel . ext . tunnel - night 203 the departure near completion . the last of the cart disappear inside , the final resident follow on foot . torvald wait nearby , prepare to seal the tunnel . ngoc Lan , dusan , and konrad stand with Paul . paul I guess this be it . dusan it seem so . paul konrad ? very nice to have meet you . konrad pleasure be mine . good luck in there , Paul . Paul turn to dusan and pull he into a firm embrace . dusan take care of yourself . paul I will . you too . dusan I will miss my funny neighbor . Paul nod , then turn to face ngoc Lan . at a loss , he try hugging she , but she remain limp in he arm . paul ngoc Lan . she place something into he hand . paul ( cont 'd ) you bible . ( off she nod ) but it 's in vietnamese . 204 120 ngoc lan word not matter . remember I . Paul lean in to kiss she , but she offer only she cheek . he look at the tunnel , then back at ngoc Lan , she eye downcast . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) you go now . Paul turn and head resolutely toward the tunnel , clutching the bible and drag he wheelie suitcase . int . tunnel - night 204 lit by light strung along the wall , a stream of villager march silently and steadily toward they destiny . at the rear , Paul walk with a erect , dignify bear . nothing in he life approach the magnitude of this moment . he feel many thing at once -- pride , fear , excitement , regret . soon the tunnel begin a incline , and Paul trot forward to speak with a fit nigerian guy name tunde . paul Excuse I . why be we go up ? I think the vault be -- tunde prevent flooding . ( offer he hand ) tunde . paul Paul . tunde just a few hour climb before we begin the descent to the vault . paul and how long be the whole walk ? tunde eleven hour . something like that . ( pull ahead ) see you down there . stay hydrate . Paul slow to a stop as the last villager pass he by . suddenly he hear a siren and sense a flash red light . he turn to look back at the tunnel open , now 100 meter behind . torvald be there , cranking the tunnel door shut . 205 206 207 121 ext . nearby hill - night 205 from a vantage point atop a incline , dusan , konrad and ngoc Lan somberly watch the door close . ext . tunnel - continuous 206 the door be nearly shut , when from behind it come a muffle , panicked cry . paul ( 0.s. ) wait ! the door stop , then reopen slightly . Paul squeeze out . paul ( cont 'd ) thanks , torvald . thanks . ( jerk something ) my bag . do you think you could --? torvald ( 0.s. ) leave it . paul but -- torvald ( 0.s. ) you need to get away from here ! paul okay , sure . yeah . torvald ( 0.s. ) run ! Paul release the bag and sprint away . ext . nearby hill - night 207 dusan , konrad and ngoc Lan have take cover behind rock . dusan peek out and , break into a smile , invite the other to witness Paul scramble up the hill in a panicked zig - zag . dusan what do I tell you ? nothing ever work out for this guy . ngoc lan Paul ! Paul spot he friend run straight into ngoc Lan 's arm . 208 209 122 paul ( out of breath ) I be think about what you say , and I ... realize ... you be right . I be Paul safranek . and ... what you be ask ... it be a love fuck . ngoc Lan burst into tear of happiness and embrace he tightly . ka - boom ! a explosion above the tunnel entrance create a landslide which tumble down to conceal it forever . we friend take cover , but they need not have -- it 's all small scale , so the dirt fall pathetically . soon they emerge from behind the rock . ngoc lan okay , now we go back leisureland . okay , dusan konrad Paul ? you promise . nothing more here . we go now . the three man stare at she , remind once again what a monomaniac she can be . ext . konrad 's rear deck - daybreak 208 Paul , dusan and ngoc Lan watch the island recede as the yacht sail out of the harbor amid the rise sun . tergehl ( v.o . ) and so it be that safrapiil the good forsook salvation in order to return to lohserlund with princess noc , to care for the sick and crippled of we ancestor . int . cave - night 209 tergehl have reach the end of the story and sit back to gauge its effect on he listener . little boy then what happen ? tergehl that be the end , little one . there be nothing more to tell . ( more ) 210 211 212 123 tergehl ( cont 'd ) we know nothing more of safrapiil , nor of princess noc , nor of drooshan the cun , nor of the sacrifice they make . ext . cave - night 210 across a moonlit desolate landscape , we see the cave , high on a hill , illuminate by the fire within . tergehl ( 0.s. ) but that be why , each year at the feast commemorate the great exodus , we leave a empty seat for safrapiil , so that we remember all that who remain behind and suffer through the hell to come . int . airplane - day 211 Paul look out the window . he seem now genuinely clear - head , aware , awake . paul to think , one day , all of this -- ngoc lan now maybe you understand little bit how I feel after survive tv box . Paul look at she , take she hand . ngoc lan ( cont ’d ) when you know death come soon , you look around thing more close . int . leisureland shuttle - day 212 a porter slide ngoc Lan and Paul 's carrier into place and lock it down . Paul glance over at melanie and cj , a normal - size couple seat exactly where he and audrey sit so many lifetime ago . they look like nice people , honest and bright -ey . paul hi there . melanie what ? the woman 124 paul hi there ! melanie hi back . paul move to leisureland , huh ? exchange a shy smile with she husband . melanie yep . we be go for it . paul where you guy from ? melanie upstate New York . paul oh yeah ? cj East aurora . just outside buffalo . how about you ? paul omaha . nervous ? cj oh , a little skittish . paul I can understand that . melanie we get cold foot and almost bail out once or twice . but we sure like the idea of buy we first house . and start a family ... and it do not feel right to stay big much longer . I guess we just want to help out , if we can . cj plus , you know , we do not want to lose that deposit . paul I hear you . 125 melanie you only live once . paul yeah , you only live once . Paul smile , move by this nice folk and the glimmer of hope they offer . 213 ext . leisureland - day 213 a montage of the city in the rain . 214 ext . worker 's CITY - day 214 the montage end on a shot of water pool in a slack part of the overhead netting . tilt down to reveal the convert trailer many call home . 215 ext . alondra apartment - day 215 Paul and ngoc Lan pull up in a car , both wear rain slicker . paul wait here . I x11 be right back . Paul hurry to the rear , where he retrieve food container . ngoc lan I want go too . I want see Rosa new baby . paul you can see the baby tomorrow . ngoc lan hurry . do not forget we still need go filipino man , take care for he arm ! paul I know . stop obsess about it , will you ? 216 int . alondra apartment - night 216 Paul come down the stair with one last container . he trot toward Mr. Cardenas , park as usual in front of the tv . paul buenas tarde , sefor Cardenas . 126 senor cardenas hola , Paul . paul é hambre ? senor cardenas mucha . ¢é qué I trae hoy ? paul creo que es pollo . ( open it ) Si , pollo . senor cardenas gracias , Paul . paul hasta manana , senor Cardenas . Paul hustle toward the door and pause . close on Paul turn to look back at the hunch figure in a wheelchair eat he only hot meal of the day . tergehl ( v.o . ) perhaps one day we will learn the fate of safrapiil the good and princess noc . but for now , we can only hope they live the rest of they day richly and in happiness . Paul hear a honk , and , pull the slicker over he head , dash back out into the rain . the end