dr . horrible 's sing - along blog by joss whedon , jed whedon , Zack whedon & maurissa tancharoen act I blog # 1 dr . horrible ah hahahaha . ah ha haaaa . a haaaa . so that 's you know ... come along . I be work with a vocal coach . strengthen the '' ahhaa '' . a lot of guy ignore the laugh and that 's about standard . I mean , if you be go to get into the evil League of evil you have to have a memorable laugh . I mean do you think bad horse do not work on he whinny ? his terrible ... death ... whinny . no response , btw from the League yet but my application be strong this year . a letter of condemnation from the deputy mayor . that 's gotta have some weight , so , finger cross . email ! 2 sly4 you write : '' hey genius '' wow . sarcasm . that 's original . '' where be the gold bar you be suppose to pull out of that bank vault with you tran -matter ray ? obviously it fail or it would be in the papers . '' well no , there not go to say anything in the press . but behold . transport from there to here . the molecule tend to shift in the trans-matter ... um ... event , but , they be transport in bar form and they clearly be ... ( and by the way it 's not about make money . it 's about taking money . destroy the status - quo because the '' status '' be not '' quo '' . the world be a mess and I just need to rule it . ) I be gonna ... that smell like cumin . so , tran -matter be 75 % and more importantly the freeze - Ray be almost up . this be the one . stop time . freeze-ray . tell you friend . we have ... oh ! here 's one from we good friend johnny snow . '' Dr. horrible . I see you be once again afraid to do battle with you nemesis . I wait at dooley Park for 45 minute . '' ok , dude you be not my nemesis . my nemesis be Captain Hammer . Captain Hammer , corporate tool . he dislocate my shoulder ... again ... last week . look ! I be just try to change the world , ok ? I do not have time for a grudge match with every poser ina parka . besides , there 's kid in that park , so ... ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 2. dr . horrible ( cont would ) here 's one from deadnotsleep . '' Long time watcher first time write . '' blah blah blah blah ... '' you always say on you blog that you will ' show she the way , show she you be a true villain 's . who be ' she 's and do she even know that you be '' Laundry Mat " my freeze Ray " laundry day see you there under thing tumbling wanna say '' love you hair '' here I go mumbling with my freeze - ray I will stop the world with my freeze - ray I will find the time to find the word to tell you how how you make make I feel what 's the phrase ? like a fool kinda sick special need any way with my freeze - ray I will stop the pain it 's not a death - ray or a ice - beam that 's all johnny snow I just think you need time to know that I ’m the guy to make it real the feeling you don ’t dare to feel I all bend the world to our will and we all make time stand still that 's the plan rule the world you and I anyday Love you hair penny what ? ( continued ) continued : 3. dr . horrible no ... I ... I ... I love the air ... anyway with my freeze ray I will stop - Lab moist hey doc . dr . horrible moist ! my evil , moisture buddy . what 's go on ? moist life of crime . get you mail . dr . horrible hey , do not you ahh . do not you go on a date last night ? Conflict diamond tell I you be double with bait 's N ’switch . moist yeah , ahhh ... dr . horrible yeah ? moist it be all right . I kinda think I be suppose to end up with bait , but ... dr . horrible I hear ya . I see penny today . moist you talk to she ? dr . horrible so close . I be just a few week away from a real , audible , connection . I be gonna ask ... oh my God ! moist be that from the League ? dr . horrible it 's from he ! that 's he seal be not it ?!? moist the leader ? the ... oh my God ! ( continued ) continued : 4. dr . horrible I get a letter from bad horse ! moist that 's so hard core . bad horse be legend . he rule the league with a iron hoof . be you sure you wanna ...? " bad horse letter " bad horse chorus bad horse bad horse bad horse bad horse he ride across the nation the thoroughbred of sin he got the application that you just sent in it need evaluation , so let the game begin a heinous crime , a show of force , ( a murder would be nice of course ) bad horse bad horse bad horse he’s bad the evil league of evil be watching so beware the grade that you receive will be you last we swear so make the bad horse gleeful or he all make you he mare you 're saddle up there 's no recourse it 's ' high - ho silver 's signed : bad horse moist it 's not ano ... dr . horrible be you kid ? this be great ! I be about to pulla major heist . you know the wonderflonium that I need for the freeze - Ray ? it 's be transport tomorrow . moist armore car ? dr . horrible courier van . candy from a baby . ( continued ) continued : 5. moist you need anything dampen or make soggy or ...? dr . horrible thanks , but ... the League be watch . I gotta go this alone . Street " care hand " penny will you lend a caring hand to shelter that who need it ? only have to sign you name don ’t even have to read it would you help ? no ? how bout you ? will you lend a caring hand ? dr . horrible arghhh ! penny oh . oh. dr . horrible argh . ah. hah . what ? penny I be wonder if I could just ... hey , I know you ! dr . horrible hello . you know I ? cool . I mean . yeah , you do . do you ? penny from the laundry mat . dr . horrible wednesday and Saturday except twice last month , you skip the weekend . or , if that be you . it coulda be someone else , I mean , I have see you . billy be my name . penny I be penny . what be you do ? dr . horrible I be texting . it 's very important or I would stop . what be you do ? ( continued ) continued : 6. penny actually I be out here volunteering for the care hand homeless shelter . can you spare a minute ? dr . horrible umm ... ok , go . penny ok , we be hope to open up a new location soon , expand we effort . there 's this great building nearby that the city be just go to demolish and turn into a parking lot , but if we get enough signature ... dr . horrible signature ? «pfft * penny yeah . dr . horrible I be sorry , go on . penny I be say um , maybe we could get the city to donate the building to we cause . we would be able to provide 250 new bed , get people off the street and into job training so they could ... buy rocket pack and go to the moon and become ... florist ... you be not really interested in the homeless be you ? dr . horrible no , I be . but they be a symptom . you be treat a symptom and the disease rage on , consume the human race . the fish rot from the head as they say . so my think be why not cut off the head ? penny of the human race ? dr . horrible it 's not a perfect metaphor ... but I be talk about a overhaul of the system . put the power in ... different ... hand . penny I be all for that ... this petition be about the building ... dr . horrible I have love to sign it . ( continued ) continued : 7. penny thank you . dr . horrible sorry I ... I come on strong . penny but you sign . dr . horrible would not want to turn my back on a fellow laundry person ... penny well if we can not stick together I do not ... I will probably see you there . dr . horrible no , I will . I will ... she talk to I . why do she talk to I now ? maybe I should ... " a man 's gotta do " a man 's gotta do what a man 's gotta do don ’t plan the plan if you can ’t follow through all that matter be taking matter into you own hand soon I all control everything my wish be you command captain hammer stand back everyone nothin 's here to see just imminent danger and in the middle of it I yes captain hammer 's here hair blowing in the breeze the day need my saving expertise a man 's gotta do what a man 's gotta do seem destiny end with I saving you the only doom that 's looming be you loving I to death so I all give you a second to catch you breath dr . horrible you idiot ! captain hammer Dr. horrible . I should have know you be behind this . dr . horrible you almost kill she ( continued ) continued : 8. captain hammer I remember it differently . dr . horrible be she ? * urgh * captain hammer its curtain for you Dr. horrible . lacy , gently wafting curtain . penny thank you hammer man , I don ’t think I can explain how important it be that you stop the van I would be splatter ; i’d be crushed under debris thank you sir for saving I captain hammer do not worry about it . a man 's gotta do what a man 's gotta do . penny ( you come from above . ) dr . horrible ( be you kidding ? ) captain hammer seem destiny end with I saving you dr . horrible ( what heist be you watching ? ) penny ( I wonder what you 're captain of ) dr . horrible ( stop looking at her like that ) captain hammer when you 're the best you can ’t rest , what 's the use ? dr . horrible ( did you notice that he threw you in the garbage ? ) penny ( my heart be beat like a drum ) captain hammer there 's ass need kicking . some ticking bomb to diffuse . ( continued ) continued : 9. penny ( must ... must be in SHOCK ) dr . horrible ( I stop the van . the remote control be in my hand ) captain hammer the only doom that 's looming be you loving I to death penny ( assuming I ’m not loving you to death ) dr . horrible ( whatever ) captain hammer & penny so please give I a SEC to catch my breath dr . horrible ball . 10 . act ii blog # 2 Dr. horrible sit with blank expression . Street " on the rise " dr . horrible any dolt with half a brain can see that human kind have gone insane to the point where I don ’t know if I all upset the status quo if I throw poison in the water MAIN listen close to everybody 's heart and hear that breaking SOUND hope and dream be shatter apart and crashing to the ground I can not believe my eye how the world 's filled with filth and lie but it 's plain to see evil inside of I be on the rise penny look around . we 're live with the lost and found just when you feel you 've almost drowned you find yourself on solid ground and you believe there 's good in everybody 's heart keep it safe and SOUND with hope , you can do you part to turn a life around I can not believe my eye be the world finally growing wise cause it seem to I some kind of harmony be on the rise dr . horrible any one with half a brain could spend there whole life howling in pain penny ( take it slow he look at I and seem to know ) the thing that I ’m afraid to show and suddenly I feel he glow ( continued ) continued : 11 . dr . horrible ( cause the dark be everywhere and penny doesn ’t seem to care that soon the dark in I be all that will remain ) penny and I believe there 's good in everybody 's heart keep it safe and SOUND dr . horrible ( listen close to everybody 's heart and hear that breaking SOUND ) hope and dream be shatter apart penny ( with hope you can do you part ) dr . horrible and crashing to the ground penny ( to turn a life around ) dr . horrible & penny I can not believe my eye how the world 's - dr . horrible filled with filth and lie penny finally growing wise dr . horrible but it 's plain to see penny ( and it 's plain to see ) dr . horrible evil inside of I penny ( rapture inside of I ) dr . horrible & penny be on the rise 12 . Laundry Mat penny it be so dumb that we have be come here so long and never speak . dr . horrible I know . all that month do a stunningly boring chore . penny I be a fan of laundry . dr . horrible psych ! I love it . penny the smell of fabric softener . dr . horrible mmmm . penny the feel of warm clothes in you hand . dr . horrible so good . hey , this be weird . I order one freeze yogurt and they give I two . you do not happen to like freeze yogurt do you ? penny I love it . dr . horrible yore kid ! what a crazy , random happen-stance . here . penny thank you . dr . horrible so how be you weekend ? do you spend the whole time hunt wild signature ? penny um , actually , I go on a date ... dr . horrible get right outta town . how be that ? ( continued ) continued : 13. penny unexpect . he 's a really good look guy , and I think he be kinda cheesy at first ... dr . horrible trust you instinct - penny but , he turn out to be totally sweet . sometimes people be layer like that . there 's something totally different underneath than what 's on the surface . dr . horrible and sometimes there 's a third , even deeper level and that one be the same as the top surface one . penny huh ? dr . horrible like with pie ... so , you gonna see he again ? penny I think I will ... dr . horrible huh . penny billy ? dr . horrible yeah ? penny you be drive a spork into you leg . dr . horrible so I be . hilarious . blog # 3 dr . horrible all right . the wait be over . this my friend , be my freeze - Ray which , with the addition of the wonderflonium I obtain at my famously successful heist last week . I say successful in that I achieve my objective . it be less successful in that I inadvertently introduce my arch - nemesis to the girl of my dream , and now he 's ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 14. dr . horrible ( cont would ) take she out on date , and they be probably go to french kiss or something . she call he sweet . how be he sweet ? right . freeze - Ray . so as of tonight I be in the evil League of evil if all go accord to plan ; which it will because I hold a p.h.d in horribleness . see you at the aftermath . peace ! but not literally ... blog # 4 Dr. horrible return batter and bruise . dr . horrible * cough * ahem . the freeze - Ray need work . I also need to be a little bit more careful about what I say on this blog . apparently the l.a.p.d and Captain Hammer be among we viewer . they be wait for I at the Mayor 's dedication of the superhero Memorial Bridge . the freeze - Ray take a few second to warm up and I be not ... Captain Hammer throw a car at my head . not to worry though , because I be .... oh , one second . '' bad horse phone call " bad horse chorus he saw the operation you tried to pull today but you humiliation means he still vote nay and now assassination be just the only way there will be blood it might be yours so go kill someone signed : bad horse Lab moist kill someone ? dr . horrible would you do it ? to get into the evil League of evil ? ( continued ) continued : 15 . moist look at I man . I be moist . I mean , at my most bad - ass I make people feel like they want to take a shower . I be not e.l.e material . dr . horrible killing 's not elegant or creative . it 's not my style . moist you have get more than enough evil hour to get into the henchman 's Union . dr . horrible * pfft * I be not a henchman . I be Dr. horrible . I have a p.h.d. in horribleness . moist be that the new catch phrase ? dr . horrible I deserve to get in . you know I do . but kill ? really ? moist hourglass say she know a kid in Iowa that grow up to become president . that have be big . dr . horrible I be not gonna kill a little kid . moist smother a old lady . dr . horrible : do I even know you ? Laundry Mat dr . horrible I just , you know , really think I be qualified for this , this job and I just can not get my foot in the door . penny I be sure you will . dr . horrible I wanna do great thing , you know ? I wanna be a achiever . like bad horse ... penny the thoroughbre of sin ? ( continued ) continued : 16 . dr . horrible I mean ghandi . penny well , I have get turn down from plenty of job . even fire a few time . dr . horrible I can not imagine anyone fire you . penny neither could i. now I can visualize it really well . but , you know ... everything happen . dr . horrible do not say " for a reason " . penny no , I be just say that everything happen . dr . horrible not to I . " here 's a Story " penny here 's a story of a girl who grew up lost and lonely thinking love be fairy tale and trouble be made only for I even in the darkenss every color can be found and every day of rain bring water flowing to thing growing in the ground grief replaced with pitty for a CITY barely coping dream be easy to achieve if hope be all I ’m hoping to be any time you 're hurt there 's one who have it worse around and every drop of rain will keep you growing seed you 're sowing in the ground so keep you head up billy buddy it 's like Captain Hammer 's always say ... ( continued ) continued : 17 . dr . horrible right . him . how be thing with " cheesy on the outside " ? penny good . they be good . he 's nice . i’1l be interested to know what you think of he . he say he might stop by . dr . horrible stop by here ?! penny yeah . dr . horrible oh ! goodness . look at my wrist . I gotta go penny but what about you clothes ? dr . horrible I do not love this . see ya . argh ! captain hammer oh , pardon . dr . horrible pardon . penny billy , this be Captain Hammer . captain hammer oh ! billy , the laundry buddy . well it be very nice to meet you . dr . horrible we be meeting now for the first time . captain hammer you look horribly familiar . dr . horrible one of that face I guess . captain hammer have I see you at the gym ? ( continued ) continued : 18. dr . horrible at the gym ... captain hammer I do not go to the gym , I be just naturally like this . oh well . who want to know what the Mayor be do behind close door ? he be signing over a certain building to a care hand Group as a new homeless shelter . penny oh my God ! captain hammer yep . apparently the only signature he need be my fist . but , with a pen in it . that I be signing with . penny I , I can not believe it ! dr . horrible congratulation penny thank you , thank you ! captain hammer ahh penny oh dr . horrible well , this be great . I wish I could stay and chit-chat . captain hammer well it sure be nice to meet you ... Doctor ... you get a little crush , do not you Doc ? well that 's gonna make this hard to hear . see , later I be gonna take little penny back to my place , show she the Command Center , Hammer cycle , maybe even the Ham - jet . you think she like I now ? I be gonna give penny the night of she life . just because you want she , and I get what you want . see , penny 's give it up . she 's givin it up hard , cause she 's with Captain Hammer . and these be not the hammer . the hammer be my penis . 19 . Street " brand New Day " dr . horrible this appear as a moral dilemma cause at first it be weird though I swore to eliminate the worst of the plague that devoure humanity its true I be vague on the how so how can it be that you have shown I the light it 's a brand new day and the SUN be high all the bird be singing that you 're gonna die how I hesitate now I wonder why it 's a brand new day all the time that you beat I unconscious I all forgive all the crime incomplete , listen , honestly I all live mr . cool , mr. right , mr. know-it -all be through and the future 's so bright and I owe it all to you you showed I the light it 's a brand new I i've got no remorse now the water 's risin 's but I know the course I ’m gonna SHOCK the world gonna show bad horse it 's a brand new day and penny will see the evil I not a joke not a dork not a failure and she may cry but her tear will dry when I hand her the keys to a shiny new australia it 's a brand new day and the SUN be high all the angel sing because you 're gonna die go ahead and laugh yeah I ’m a funny guy ( more ) ( continued ) continued : dr . horrible ( cont would ) tell everyone good - bye it 's a brand new day 20 . 21. act III multiple ( t.v. , Street & Lab ) female reporter look like we be find out what a true hero be male reporter the mayor himself will be on hand to dedicate the new homeless shelter and unveil the statue of Captain Hammer . female reporter it 's a good day to be homeless . male reporter ahaha , it certainly be . " perfect Story " mover # 1 so they say captain hammer 's become a crusader , political , he’s cleanin 's up the street . mover # 2 about time . groupie # 1 so they say it 's real love groupies so romantic groupie # 3 he signed this . penny so they say we all have blanket and beds . we can OPEN by monday thanks to you . captain hammer thanks to I . reporter it 's the perfect story male reporter so they say female reporter a hero leading the way ( continued ) continued : 22. reporter hammer 's call to glory female reporter lets all be our best male reporter next up , who 's gay ? groupie # 2 so they say he save her life . groupie # 1 they say she work with the homeless , and doesn ’t eat meat . groupies we have a problem with her . groupie # 3 this be he hair . captain hammer this be so nice I just might sleep with the same girl twice they say it 's better the second time they say you get to do the weird STUFF groupies we do the weird STUFF penny this be perfect for I so they say I guess he’s pretty ok after year of stormy sailing have I finally found the BAY ? moist he 's still not pick up . dr . horrible & penny there 's no happy ending so they say dr . horrible not for I anyway . penny should I stop pretending ( continued ) continued : 23. dr . horrible ( stop pretending ) take the chance to build a brand new day ? penny ( or be this a brand new day ? ) groupie # 3 this be he dry -cleaning bill groupies four sweater-vest . town Hall mayor and in just a few minute we ’1ll unveil the statue of the man himself . thank you . thank you . justice have a name , and the name it have ( besides justice ) be Captain Hammer . lady and gentlemen ; you hero . captain hammer thank you . thank you Mayor for that kind word . " I hate the homeless ... " - ness problem that plague we city . everyone should have the basic ... " you know what ? I do not need tiny cue card . when I fall deeply in love with my serious , long term girlfriend penny ( wave you hand penny ) there she be . cute huh ? sort of a quiet , nerdy thing . not my usual , but nice . anyway , she turn I on to this whole homeless ... thing ... which be terrible , and I realize , I be not the only hero in the room tonight . I be not the only one who 's fight . " everyone 's a hero " it may not feel too classy begging just to eat but you know who doe that ? lassie . and she always get a treat so you wonder what you part be cause you 're homeless and depressed but home be where the heart be so you real home 's in you chest everyone 's a hero in there own way everyone 's got villain they must face ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 24 . they 're not as cool as mine but folk you know it 's fine to know you place everyone 's a hero in there own way in there own , not that heroic way so I thank my girlfriend penny yeah , we totally have sex she showed I there 's so many different muscle I can flex there 's the deltoid of compassion there 's the abs of be kind it 's not enough to bash in head you 've got to bash in mind everyone 's a hero in there own way everyone 's got somethin 's they can do get up , go out and fly especially that guy he smell like poo everyone 's a hero in there own way you and you and mostly I and you I ’m poverty 's new sheriff and I ’m bashing in the slum a hero doesn ’t care if you 're a bunch of scary , alcoholic bum everybody ! everyone 's a hero in there own way chorus ( we 're heroe too ) captain hammer everyone can blaze a hero 's trail chorus ( we 're just like you ) captain hammer don ’t worry if it 's hard if you 're not a friggin 's tard you will prevail chorus ( ahhh ahh ahh 000000 ) captain hammer everyone 's a hero in there own way ( continued ) continued : chorus ( we 're heroe too ) captain hammer everyone 's a hero in thei ... " slip " dr . horrible look at these people amazing how sheep all show up for the slaughter no one condemning you line up like lemming you LED to the water why can ’t they see what I see why can ’t they hear the lie ? maybe the fee 's too pricey for they to realize you disguise be slipping I think you 're slipping now that you savior 's as still as the grave you 're beginning to fear I like cavemen fear thunder I still have to wonder can you really hear I ? I bring you pain the kind you can ’t suffer quietly FIRE up you brain remind you inside you 're rioting society be slipping everything 's slipping away soo go ahead run away say it be horrible spread the word tell a friend tell they the tale get a pic do a blog hero 's be over with look at he not a word hammer meet nail ( more ) 25 . ( continued ) continued : 26 . dr . horrible ( cont would ) then I win then I get everything I ever all the cash all the fame and social change anarchy that I run it 's dr . horrible 's turn you people all have to learn this world be go to burn burn yeah , it 's two " R 's " h-o-r -r . right . burn no sign of penny good I would give anything not to have her see it 's gonna be bloody head up billy buddy there 's no time for mercy here goe no mercy that 's not a good sound ... captain hammer waaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy ! a death - Ray ? look like Dr. horrible 's move up . let 's see if this one work any better than you other . dr . horrible do not ... captain hammer I do not have time for you warning . you give my regards to Saint Peter ... or whoever have he job , but in Hell . awww ahhhhh I be in pain . I think this be what pain feel like . oh mommy ! someone maternal . get outta my way ! I gotta get out ! ( continued ) continued : 27 . dr . horrible penny ! penny ? oh penny billy ? be that you ? dr . horrible penny , hold on . oh no no no no no . penny be you all right ? dr . horrible hold on , we will ... penny it 's ok . it 's ok . Captain Hammer will save we ... dr . horrible penny ?!? " everything you ever ( finale ) " PRESS Dr. horrible , why have you kill she ? Dr. horrible , be this all part of you plan ? Dr. horrible , over here . with why have you do it Dr. horrible ? dr . horrible here lie everything the world I wanted at my feet my victory 's complete so hail to the king chorus ( everything you ever ... ) dr . horrible arise and sing so you world 's benign so you think justice have a voice and we all have a choice well now you world be mine chorus ( everything you ever ... ) dr . horrible and I am fine captain hammer right here , in my heart and it hurt inside ... ( continued ) continued : 28. dr . horrible now the nightmare 's real now dr . horrible be here to make you quake with fear to make the whole world kneel chorus everything you ever ... dr . horrible and I won ’t feel blog # 5 a thing .