" dr . jekyll and mr. hyde " written by John Lee mahin base on the novel " strange case of Dr jekyll and Mr hyde " by Robert Louis stevenson copyright '' 1941 shoot script , 1941 loew 's Inc. , US ; metro-goldwyn-mayer ( mgm ) , culver City , CA 1a fade in : close shot - man' face 1 it be a large , sincere and kindly face , of about fifty - five year of age , perfectly in keep with the slow , resonant tone in which its owner speak . man ( as we fade in ) . with purity in we heart , with right think in we mind , we arm ourselves with a intolerance of all evil ! thus , it be on this glorious sabbath morning , in this momentous year , 1887 , that we naturally turn we thought to that way of life as exemplify by Victoria , we belove Queen . for this week begin her majesty 's Golden Jubilee . her strength and goodness , she Christian principle , have walk in the light of God ever since she ascension to the throne . from she heart have come a ever-increasing flow of virtue and moral bless with which she have endow we , she loving subject . as the man speak we boom back and around slowly to discover ourselves in all soul southwick Church , London . the man speak be the Bishop , talk from the pulpit , back up by the well - appoint magnificence of the Anglican altar . we pan around the congregation in the pews . for the most , they be the well - dress and well - breed family of the period , listen attentively . close shot - in back - man and woman 1a this be where the less well - to - do parishioner be seat . a rugge , but strange - look man of middle - age be seat here with he wife . she be watch he anxiously . he be listen intently to the sermon , he head cocked forward . then he look away , pass he hand over he brow , and seem as though to rise - as he look at the Bishop o.s . wife ( detain he , with a nervous agonize whisper ) Sam - no ! what 's wrong , Sam -? he look at she , subside , clenching he jaw . 2 3a close shot - bishop 2 as he continue : bishop ( continue ) she come upon a world sadly mire in way of the flesh , and during she reign the force of good have achieve notable and great victory over the force of evil . and though we know not the time nor the season , we know that evil in God 's own time shall be wipe out by God . at this point the Bishop be startle by the interruption of a high -pitch , scornful evil laugh come from the back of the church . he look up . close shot - in back - man and woman 3 the man be laugh evilly at the Bishop . his horrify little wife be try to quiet he , and then look about she at the other startle people . woman ( agonize ) Sam -- Sam -- man ( sneering out ) evil wipe out , eh ? so you want to take all the fun out of life , eh , Bishop ? close shot - bishop 3a with hardly a flicker he continue : bishop and may we not live for the day , when , in the word of Holy writ , the Devil shall be cast into the bottomless pit ? group shot - congregation 4 the laughter from 0.s. continue a little . one or two half turn about . several look at each other , then back to the Bishop with stiff - back composure . bishop' voice for surely the root of the realm and its people have sprung froma new goodness during this last decade -- 10 close shot - toward altar - group 5 they be the back of a elderly gentleman , a young girl and fine- look man of about thirty with a byronic head . as the laughter continue through the Bishop 's persistent intonation , the man turn full face into camera and look back toward the disturbance . he be Dr. Henry jekyll , he vital feature alive with interest . bishop' voice ( continue ) at the family hearth , in the shop of industry , in the very Christian graciousness with which man and woman greet each other during the everyday -- out . 6 close shot - man in back 7 man bottomless pit , my eye ! good old beelzebub - the boy with the horn and the spike tail - they be always run he down and he 's the winner in the end every time . a man in back of he try to pull he down , quietly . he shake he off laugh . in the b.g. the aislemen be hurry down to he . group shot - congregation 8 still they do not look about much , pay even more attention to the Bishop . bishop' voice . everyday hour . certainly this universal goodness be evidence all about we more and more as we -- close shot - jekyll 9 as he look back , study man . the young girl with he start to look back but the old gentleman on she other side nudge she not to do so . close shot - bishop 10 with barely a flutter of a eyelid he continue , cut it short . ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 continued : 10 bishop -- as we live under the gentle hand of her majesty , and worship the glory and wonder that be God . it be because of this thing that - that - ( he give a signal to the choir-master ) - the world move forward today . close shot - choir master 11 he signal over to the organist in the b.g . he motion to the awed kid in the choir to stop look toward the back of the church . the music start the introduction to the choral anthem . group shot - in back - around man 12 the aislemen be struggle with he . man ( with a last shout ) you do not think evil be on a holiday in here , do you ? ask this bunch here when they meet up with Old Nick last ! good Old beelzebub ! -- blasphemy , I call it , to talk that way about a man 's best friend ! but he be drown out both by the sudden high soprano boy ' choir and the booming of the organ , as well as the fact that the three aisle - man drag he out of the pew into the vestry . the poor wife follow . but the other people hardly notice he , in they discipline conservatism . one aisleman dash on ahead . group shot - vestry 13 a knot of aislemen be around the rave , twist man . he be laugh and mutter evilly . the little wife be hover about , wring she hand , as they lead the man from the main part of the church . ad lib ( in hushed tone ) here , here , now man - never hear of such a thing ... ssh ! do parker go for a constable ? yes . take he other arm ... this be frightful ... woman ( agonize ) Sam dear - no , lad - no ... ( continued ) 13 continued : 13 just at this moment jekyll come hurry out into the vestry . jekyll ( with calm authority ) one moment , please . the aislemen step back . man ( to jekyll , who study he ) let I back in there and I will tell " they what a grow man really think about - jekyll feel the man 's pulse , lift he eye-lid . the man back away a little . jekyll ( to woman ) how long have this be go on ? woman it 's - it 's be come on he worse , sir - ever since the explosion . jekyll ( very interested now ) oh , a shock , eh ?... excellent - I see -- man ( slyly - to jekyll ) you be a hearty , full - blooded young man - you tell ‘em ... woman I think maybe if we come to church it would -- man ( try to nudge jekyll ) we know - do not we ? woman ( as man laugh again ) no , Sam - there now - the man edge she away from he . in the meantime , jekyll have take a card out and be write on it . at this moment , another aisleman come in with a very officious constable . ( continued ) 13 14 continued : ( 2 ) 13 constable hey - make way here ! what 's all this about ? what 's all this here - ( take man who he see be struggle ) drunk and disorderly , eh? well -- jekyll ( hand constable the card ) no , constable . take he to the camden Hospital . give this card to Dr. heath . constable better get he to the station , sir . it 's always - ( then see name on card , and look up at jekyll with sudden respect ) oh , Dr. jekyll ! bat , be he ? right , sir . camden Hospital it be , Dr. jekyll ! ( take man 's arm , cheerily ) all right there now , my beauty - upsy -daisy ! we will go and get a little fresh air in the belfry , eh ? we pan he out with the man , the woman follow . man ( as he be be lead out , call back over he shoulder ) jekyll , eh ? go on back and try to put old beelzebub on he pit bottom , jekyll ! he will show you ! he will poke he red beard over the rim ! he jump on hot fiery rubber , he do ! close shot - jekyll 14 back into as he look after the man , consider he , turn and go church . man' voice ( o.s. , with awful laugh ) Dr. jekyll , eh ?... ha , ha , ha - go back and be good , Dr. jekyll ... ( continued ) 14 15 15 a continued : 14 the voice diminish , as jekyll turn and walk back into church . pan shot jekyll 15 we hold as he come down the aisle to he pew . just as he reach the pew the congregation rise and start sing the hymn to which the choir have be sing the introduction . we pan he into he pew where he immediately start sing with he two companion . the girl be young , lovely , ripely virginal , beatrix Emery . she give jekyll a little question look as he come into pew . the elderly man be she father , Sir Charles Emery - hawk nose over white mustache - correct and culture in he imperious strength . as they sing , we dissolve to : full shot - ext . - church step 15 a service be over and the crowd be come out . Inside the church we hear the organ . Sir Charles , beatrix and jekyll be come out . we pan they down the step across to the carriage at the curb . sir charle ( bow to a lady and gentleman ) Harrison ... good morning ! ( turn to beatrix and jekyll ) well , we have just time for a turn in the park - beatrix Harry have to leave we , Father . jekyll I must get to the hospital , sir . sir charle Hospital ? on a Sunday ? oh , you mean that outrageous individual that -? beatrix Harry say Providence drop the poor man right into he lap . sir charle but this be most unusual , my boy . you know , we always take we stroll before -- jekyll I be sorry , but it be , sir . most unusual . ( continued ) 15 a 15 B 15c 15d continued : 15 a by this time they have reach Sir Charles [ ...] smart open carriage . a footman stand hold the door open for they . a groom , in similar livery , be on the box . beatrix ( turn to he ) see you at the marley 's tonight , now . do not be late . jekyll and let you have free rein with all that man ? he kiss she on the lip , much to Sir Charles ' consternation . she laugh and get into carriage . Sir Charles , nervous about the kiss , look about to see who have notice it , follow beatrix into carriage . close two shot - beatrix and jekyll 15 B she sit with she hand rest on the side of the carriage . o.s. the footman close the door . jekyll ( intimately ) that 's a very silly little hat , by the way . beatrix I know you would like it . jekyll ( pick up she hand - kissing it ) there 's really nothing about you that I like at all . as he hold she hand , he make a surreptious little bite at it . close shot - sir charle 15c he have be watch ; he start nervously as he see jekyll do this . sir charle ( to groom , o.s . ) all right , Jenkins . group shot - around carriage 15d the carriage drive o.s . jekyll start back away , in the opposite direction , wave to beatrix . he back into a fat old dowager . ( continued ) 15d 15e 15 F continued : 15d jekyll ( to glaring dowager ) I beg you pardon ! close shot - beatrix and sir charle - int . carriage - 15e process beatrix be wave and laugh louder as she see jekyll 's dilemna o.s . as she laugh louder , Sir Charles pull she around . sir charle my dear - please - beatrix but you do not see he . he back right into Lady -- sir charle my dear beatrix - I 'ma very broad - minded man , as you know - but despite the fact that you and Harry be engage to be marry , I wish he would not carry on he demonstration of affection in public . beatrix now , Father darling - do not be pompous . sir charle ( bow to a passerby 0.s. ) but good heaven - nibble you knuckle ... beatrix burst out in a peal of healthy laughter , throw back she head . sir charle ( quickly ) beatrix -! 16-25 out . close shot - beatrix - process 15 F she control herself , and subside to a giggle , shaking she head at she Father 's attitude , as we dissolve to : 16 17 10 . close shot - int . hospital - mrs . higgins ' face 16 Mrs. higgins be the woman with the man who cause the disturbance in the church . she be sobbing silently in contrast to beatrix and we pull back to see she stand outside a door in the corridor of the hospital . as we hold the door open and a young interne step out with a rather surreptitious look back into the room . all we can see in the room be the end of a bed with a man 's foot strapped to it . man' voice ( higgins , as door open ) now , Doctor , my lad - as man to man - we know what 's fun in life and what be not ! eh , Doctor ? the man laugh wildly . the interne close the door quietly and we pan he as he hurry down the hall to the end , and enter a door . close shot - door at end 17 on it be mark : " House physician - Dr. heath . " interne's voice I be sorry , sir . but Dr. jekyll insist go ahead with treatment . heath' voice but that must not be ! the man 's under observation ! interne's voice yes , sir . that 's what I tell he , but -- you better come , sir . the young interne come out with Dr. heath , a mature physician of about fifty . Dr. heath wear a worried frown on he face . we truck with they a little way back toward the room . dr . heath ( agitate - as they come out ) he have no right to do such a thing ! interne I suggest it would be better that he consult you first , sir - but he still -- dr . heath I know . thank you , fenwick . ( continued ) 17 18 11 . continued : 17 we pan they on down the hall to the door where Mrs. higgins be wait . close shot - at patient's door 18 Dr. heath enter the room . Mrs. higgins sobbing , put she hand on the interne 's arm as he be about to follow . Inside , the man higgins be laugh evilly . mrs . higgins be not there anything they can -? interne everything possible be be do , Mrs. higgins . Dr. jekyll know more about you husband 's case than any other mental specialist in London . higgins ' voice ( from inside ) why ! here 's another doctor ! but do not ask he ! he 's too old ! the interne close the door . the man 's high laugh come from inside . almost immediately the door be open by Dr. heath who come out with jekyll . dr . heath it 's a matter of ethic , jekyll . I can not allow it . mrs . higgins Dr. jekyll , can not I go in and -- jekyll ( gently , patting she shoulder ) not yet , Mrs. higgins . bear up now . that 's the way you say you would help - remember . continue to heath as we pan they down the corridor , jekyll obviously try to control himself jekyll but , good heaven , man - this be the chance of a lifetime for I . the more I see of the case the more I realize it . the stop a little way down the hall , opposite a open unoccupy room . 19 20 21 22 12 . two shot - heath and jekyll 19 heath it 's quite possible that this case might fall within the bound of you research . you know how we have all admire you other work in the past . and personally , I would like to bow to you opinion here , but in my position as head of the staff , I can not countenance -- he stop and realize they be be watch o.s. as he look down the hall . close shot - mrs . higgins - there angle 20 she stand look at they pathetically , wring she hand . two shot - jekyll and heath 21 heath ( indicate open door ) better come in here . they go into vacant room and close door . slow trucking shot - mrs . higgins 22 she look at the room she husband be in , then start timorously along the hall to the door behind which be heath and jekyll . we hold a second here . she would like to go in . she start to knock . jekyll 's and heath 's voice be only murmur . jekyll' voice ( suddenly rise clear ) but I be not witch doctor ! heath' voice ( rise , too - very clear ) who 's call you a witch doctor ? you tell I yourself you have have no definite success . I can not allow you to experiment with - there be sudden quick footstep toward door , and it be flung open by jekyll . heath ( follow he ) why , the man 's a human be -! jekyll wheel on he at the door , he eye blaze . ( continued ) 22 23 24 13 . continued : 22 jekyll you mean he be a human be ! and he would have another chance at it , if you would keep you hide - bound ethic out of this ! there be not any rule for discover medical utopia ! or perhaps you have not the courage to face what might be the great -! he stop , glaring impotently at heath , who step back a little , so vehement be jekyll 's look and attitude . then , with a inarticulate growl of disgust , jekyll wheel away quickly , as we truck and pan with he to the end of the corridor and around the corner . the tension of he anger relax into a bitter smile as he walk along . he pass some swinging glass opaque door mark : " children' ward " and be about to go on when he think of something and turn back , enter the ward . pan shot - jekyll - int . ward 23 as he walk down between corridor of bed and step quickly behind screen which cover the fourth of fifth bed . this be obviously the Children 's orthepedoic Ward as we see by the condition of the patient in the various bed . close shot - at bed 24 a small boy have obviously be badly smashed in a accident . a worried young father , sit by the bed , get up quickly as jekyll come in . the little boy , he leg suspend in a pully contraption , smile weakly at jekyll as the latter feel he pulse . jekyll ( to little boy ) hullo , Tommy Atkins - how 's the war ? the little boy laugh in weak happiness . father ( to jekyll ) he 's - he 's go to be all right , be not he , doctor ? jekyll wait a second , count pulse . jekyll ( smile at boy ) Charlie and I never have a doubt about it , do we , Charlie ? at this moment o.s. we hear a little girl 's voice wail . ( continued ) 14 . 24 continued : 24 little girl voice ( 0.s. ) I can not ! please , nurse -- nurse's voice ( 0.s. ) now do as nurse say , dorothy . jekyll look in the direction of the voice and walk off o.s . 25 35 group shot - aisle between beds 25 a nurse be try to get a little girl of five or six to throw away she crutch and walk . the little girl be frighten . neither of they notice jekyll as he come out in the aisle and watch the scene . nurse give the crutch to nurse now , dorothy . dorothy ( she lip quivering ) I can not ! I will fall again . I do not want to fall again . nurse ( start to reason again ) dorothy dear , listen to I . if I tell you -? 26 close shot - jekyll 26 jekyll be study dorothy o.s. dorothy's voice but I will hurt myself some more . I can not walk . jekyll ( suddenly - firmly ) dorothy ! ( he exit towards she ) 27 close shot - dorothy and jekyll 27 as she look at jekyll , who come into scene . dorothy ( slowly ) what , sir ? jekyll give I that crutch . 28 29 30 15 . full shot 28 dorothy allow jekyll to take the crutch from she . she stand waver . jekyll ( without hold out hand ) now walk . walk here to I . dorothy teeter after he as he back up slowly for fifteen foot . as she reach jekyll he kneel down and steady she . group shot - jekyll , dorothy and nurse 29 dorothy ( look at he in wonder ) I walk ! I walk , do not I ? jekyll ( almost severely ) dorothy , always remember you can do anything in this world you put you mind to . ( then patting she head with a grin ) why , you will be dance on hampstead heath next Bank holiday ! he straighten up and hand she over to the nurse who exit with she . jekyll turn and we pan he out of the ward . full shot - ext . ward 30 just as jekyll come out into corridor ; he be join by a pleasant , solid-look man of about he age , Dr. John lanyon , he friend and colleague . lanyon , a stethescope about he neck , yet attire as jekyll , look concerned as we truck they down the corridor . dr . lanyon Harry , old boy , what 's up ? there be rumor of a tiff between you and -- jekyll ( with a calming gesture , and a rueful smile ) do not worry , John . the bull be leave the china shop . dr . lanyon but you must realize that heath have he -- ( continued ) 30 16 . continued : 30 jekyll ( sardonically , yet with affection ) I realize , Dr. John lanyon , my friend and eminently respected surgeon that you Dr. heath be right . my treatment be not yet thoroughly prove . and if we doctor be allow to experiment on human being , too many thing would go wrong - and human being might lose faith even in the prove good of medicine . be not that it ? by this time we hold as they reach a table near the foyer on which doctor have place they hat and stick and from which jekyll pick up he . dr . lanyon ( attempt to reason ) Harry -- jekyll ( now definitely ) but I be not far from proof ! and when I get it : ethic or no ethic ! lanyon shrug , and laugh , patting jekyll with a soothing gesture on the back , and exite 0.s. down another turn of the corridor . then jekyll think of something and start quickly back down the corridor just as the interne of the previous scene round a corner to meet he , carry a leather vial case . we hold . interne ( hand case to he ) I think perhaps you would -- jekyll ( quickly , serious ) yes . ( open case , run he finger over top of vial disclose to see if all be there , then close it ) thank you , fenwick . we pan he as he turn back toward foyer again , take out a key and lock case as he go , as we , dissolve to : 41-42 out . 31 31a 32 33 17 . full shot - ext . jekyll' house - later 31 it be the type of house find in harley Street of Adam architecture , prove jekyll 's mean and position . jekyll 's carriage draw up and stop . closer shot - at carriage 31a jekyll merely sit and stare ahead of he , unaware that he be home . the groom , not hearing he open the door , look around . this cause jekyll to look at the groom , realize they have reach home . jekyll oh - yes , burke - he get out , and we pan he up to the front door . he take out he key and enter . out . 32 full shot - int . entrance hall - jekyll' house 33 jekyll let himself in with the key , walk slowly to the center of the hall , stand there in think for a second . poole , he butler , a old man full of warm adoration for he , be hurry down the stair , and go to he . poole ( take he hat and stick ) good afternoon , sir . jekyll ( almost to himself ) hello , poole ... poole I be so glad you be home for tea , sir . where will you take it ? jekyll ( strolling slowly away ) oh - anywhere .... ( continued ) 33 34 35 18 . continued : 33 poole ( hurry up beside he ) I will be bound you have have no lunch ... that hospital . some nice butter crumpet , sir - but we must not have too much , or we sha not be eat a good dinner at the marley 's - and miss beatrix would be after I properly . jekyll ( not have hear a word ) hmmm ... with this he quicken he pace , and dart through a entrance way off the hall . full pan shot - ext . courtyard and bridge - jekyll' house 34 the back court and garden be sink below the ground level of the main house . jekyll come from the main house across a bridge which lead to another separate building in back , he laboratory . he reach door of lab . poole stand in the door of the main house . poole shall I serve it in the laboratory , sir ? close shot - poole - at door of MAIN house 35 poole ( call after he - lose patience ) now you must have something , you know -! he stop as we hear a door slam o.s . he shake he head hopelessly . 36 36 a 36 B 36c 19 . full shot - int . lab 36 in the center of the room be a huge work - table cover by a strange series of test tube , vial , crucible , a smelter ... and a mysterious pharaphernailia of connect glass still form a weird unknown world in themselves . there be a cabinet full of surgical instrument and another larger close cabinet with a heavy lock . there be little furniture except a write desk with a file and a chair . jekyll hurry along a balcony and down a flight of step at the back into the room . he place he case on the table . we dolly and pan he over toa row of cage fill with rat , guinea pig and rabbit . his manner be anxious , anticipatory . he look at the first two or three cage . in the first a couple of guinea pig seem rather active . he look at they action closely . he seem a little excited as he pass to the next two cage , but then he expression fall . close shot - two cage - he angle - 36 a in one a large rabbit lie dead . in the second be a large dead rat . close shot - jekyll 36 B he reach of 0.s. and pick out the two dead animal . we pan he down the wall a little . -- [ 19 ] -- he take a large rabbit out of a smaller cage . it be gentle and sniff he hand . he stroke its head . we pan he back as he put the rabbit into the experimental cage and then pan he as he pick up a heavy glove and put it on he hand . he stop by a cage in which be a large wharf rat , and reach in for it with he glove hand . close shot - rat - int . cage 36c he back into a corner as jekyll 's hand enter and then spring at jekyll 's finger , bite the leather . but jekyll 's hand pin he down by the back of the neck . 20 . 36d close shot - jekyll 37 38 he bring the rat out and we pan he as he place it in the second experimental cage . he pick up the two dead animal , cross with they to the main laboratory table . he unlock he case and take out a single vial and look from vial to the dead animal . we feel a connection between they and the attempt treatment of higgins . jekyll frown , then immediately start to work . he take out a oral syringe , test it , look back at the fresh animal , then he light a gas flame under a tube , start arrange a cool coil , etc. , mixing concoction , and we dolly into he troubled face , as we dissolve to : close shot - beatrix - int . marley dine room her expression be also troubled . she sit dawdle with she dessert , and then she look o.s. as we pull back along the table . the marley dining room be typical of the period , high stiff chair , seating fourteen people . they be in evening dress . Mr. marley , the vacant- look host , sit at one end . on he leave , in order , be : Mrs. french , [ ... ] Courtney - a bearded conservative of the profession , Mrs. Courtney , Sir Charles , Mrs. weymouth - a female eagle withere from the tropic , Colonel weymouth , she husband , a old red-face officer of horse in mufti with decoration on he lapel , and then Mrs. marley , hostess . on Mrs. marley 's right , in order be : the Bishop of all soul , Lady Cooper - a coy female , then a empty chair , then beatrix , lanyon , and Mrs. Arnold next to Mr. marley . there be quiet , well - breed small talk . a butler and two maid be in attendance . we hold on Sir Charles as he look at he watch , and then glance o.s. at the empty chair next to beatrix . close shot - beatrix she react to she father 's frown and turn to smile casually at something say farthur down the table . ad lib ( under all this ) we have a perfectly shocking meet at ascot , do not we ? ( more ) ( continued ) 36d 37 38 38 39 40 21 . continued : 38 ad lib ( cont 'd ) puggie Wilson have a wonderful new filly , I understand ... a good chance for the oak this year ... of course she 's rather pretty - but my dear , she father be in trade .... the poor boy 's just down from Cambridge -- simply exhaust from work ... Education demand sacrifice , do not it ? etc. beatrix ! expression suddenly light up as we hear jekyll 's Voice o.s . jekyll' voice ( 0.s. ) Mrs. marley -! full shot - dine room 39 jekyll be just enter the dining room from the draw room , follow by a footman who have evidently just admit he . jekyll head straight for Mrs. marley . the man rise . close shot - jekyll and mrs . marley 40 she look at he a little stiffly as she offer she hand . jekyll my deep apology . mrs . marley ( slightly sarcastic ) I know - you doctor - we can never rely on you , can we ? jekyll ( turn on charm , over she hand ) Mrs. marley , I would rather be remind of my short - coming by the smartest hostess in London than to be on the Jubilee honor list . mrs . marley ( with a double - take , completely mollify ) ch! sit there , Dr. jekyll ... she indicate vacant seat o.s. , and we pan jekyll as he walk to it . jekyll ( to stand gentleman ) gentlemen , please ... good evening , Bishop - John - Colonel weymouth - ( continued ) 22 . 40 continued : 40 ad lib ah , Doctor ... Harry ... good evening , sir . jekyll ( look at beatrix - as butler pull out chair mutter ) be behave yourself ? 41 close shot - beatrix 41 as she laugh , and look around the table . 42 group shot - including jekyll 42 as he sit down between beatrix and Lady Cooper . jekyll ( to Lady Cooper - yet feel for beatrix 's hand ) Lady Cooper - my short - coming be reward . lady cooper ( a coy dame ) naughty man . there be correct laughter at this " risque " dialogue . dr . lanyon a doctor 's life , eh , Harry ? the more patient , the colder the soup . jekyll be not a patient , exactly . I start something in the laboratory and just forget to lock at the clock . dr . courtney ( a little patronize ) ah , yes , jekyll - heath be tell I you be still carry on with that research of yours . jekyll ( with a wry smile ) I be afraid Dr. heath be not quite - well , in sympathy , Dr. Courtney . dr . courtney well , that 's understandable , be not it ? ( more ) ( continued ) 23 . 42 continued : 42 dr . courtney ( cont 'd ) separate the facet of the brain ... a little ambitious , I would say . jekyll ( stung ) my research hope to go deeper than the brain -- into something more intangible than the mind , even . dr . courtney ( look at other with a laugh ) well , all that seem to be leave be the soul . Colonel weymouth and marley laugh . jekyll all right . have it that way . because that 's just where I be aim -- at the soul . a may , put he soup in front of he , look extremely startle . 43 close shot - sir charle and other 43 he lock amaze at jekyll 0.s. , puzzle and frown . dr . courtney' voice ( 0.s. ) the soul ? ad lib ( 0.s. ) good heaven ... do he say " soul " ? what do he mean ...? etc . 44 group shot - including jekyll , bishop , lady cooper 44 lady cooper the soul ! how thrill ! bishop ( genially ) come , come - my dear doctor - now you be invade my territory . jekyll ( look at he with a serious smile ) yes , my Lord - and I hope I may be of some assistance . 45 46 24 . close shot - sir charle 45 he be a little startle by this radical statement and wish to assume that Harry be joke . sir charle my dear Harry - of course , you do not mean this ? group shot - including jekyll 46 he look quickly over at Sir Charles , pick up the challenge . jekyll but I do , Sir Charles . just consider that poor chap in church this morning . if you do not see he , you all hear he , I be sure . bishop ah , yes . I thank you for you assistance there , Dr. jekyll . dr . courtney ( with finality ) hopelessly insane . obviously . mrs . marley why , the simply shocking thing he say ... jekyll he be not insane . there be just one side of he in existence . and that side be speak the truth . colonel weymouth good heaven ! which side ? jekyll his evil side . the man have be spiritually distort through shock ... that explosion in the gas main last month . before that he be a fine , solid citizen - gentle and kind with he child - deeply in love with he wife . since then , he 's suffer a complete change - so that this afternoon I see he entirely revert to the animal - slythink and vile , dangerous and rapacious , by turn . ( continued ) 46 47 48 49 25 . continued : 46 lady cooper ( in the silence , edging a little from jekyll ) mercy -! close shot - sir charle 47 the other may be just take away he dessert , plate . the may look wide - eye at jekyll o.s . Sir Charles be very uncomfortable . sir charle ( shifting uneasily ) yes ... ahumm ... group shot - again 48 dr . lanyon ( try to pass it off casually ) but Harry - what 's that to do with the soul ? we can clearly understand it as a injury to the nervous system and therefore -- jekyll ( now lose in he subject , earnestly reason ) no , no , John - I insist he have be shocked from normal good into complete evil . when I say before he be a " good " man , I do not mean that he do not have a bad think or two from time to time -- and perhaps commit he portion of transgression against the law of civilized society . because , after all - that be the problem of civilized man 's soul - the good and the evil in it be constantly fight one another . group shot - including jekyll and bishop 49 the Bishop be the least affront , very interested , but adamnantly patient . bishop there be a Higher source from which the good may always find aid in its fight , Dr. jekyll .... jekyll I realize that , sir - but ... 26 . 50 close shot - colonel and he wife 50 mrs . weymouth ( haughtily - she hand possessively on Colonel 's arm ) of course . the Colonel and I always feel that people can be good if they wish to be - and , well - otherwise , if they do not . colonel ( with a snort ) exactly . discipline ! everything else be poppycock ! ( then militantly change subject with a joke ) haw ! but man go dotty and all that do amusin ' thing at time . I remember we sergeant during the second punjab campaign . we attack and -- mrs . weymouth it be we quartermaster . colonel ( not break he stride ) quiet , my dear - you be in poona at the time . I remember this - 51 close shot - marley 51 marley ( he mouth agape as he still look at jekyll vacuously ) but look here , jekyll - I mean I - I simply must get this straight - you mean -? 52 flash shot - mrs . marley 52 she be try to get she stupid husband 's eye to keep he from press the subject . 27 . 53 group shot - including jekyll 53 jekyll ( warm to he subject , glad of the interest ) well , to put it as simply as I can - good and evil be so close as to be chain together in the soul . man be not truly one , but two . now what if we could break that chain - separate that two selve -- ( he face alight , lose in he subject ) to free the good in man , and let it go on to its higher destiny ... to segregate the bad in man - and let it destroy itself in its own degradation ! ( look around , see he have go beyond they comprehension - finish lamely ) well , roughly that 's what my research be lead to -- a combination of chemical agent , which if administer would -- marley have just awaken to the fact that he guest be not very happy - particularly the two nervous lady on he either side . also , he feel he own " character " attack . marley ( sputtering ) but see here - be not you rather presumptuous in assume there be evil in all man ? jekyll of course there 's evil in all man ! he speak the follow with a peculiar faunlike glee , jabbing at they with he tone , quietly , but watch they all as he look around the table . he 's mad now at they subborn refusal to look at the fact . 54 pan shot - slow - around table 54 jekyll 's voice come over the stiff - lipped woman and uncomfortable man . ( continued ) 54 55 56 57 28 . continued : 54 jekyll' voice we would be hypocrite if we do not admit it . we have all have thought we would not care to have publish ... or shout out loud . we desire be not always confirm to a draw room . as Christian we admit that man be create weak ! it 's a honest problem . should not we face it ? by this time we hold on the Bishop . there be a tense silence ! bishop ( with gentle dignity ) suppose we believe that man 's soul have not yet reach its fulfillment . be it right or wise to tamper with this problem , until its creator have solve it - in his own mysterious way ? group shot - including jekyll , colonel , bishop 55 the Colonel be look across at jekyll , tremble with austere indignation . jekyll ( soften a little ) my Lord - as I say before - close shot - dr . courtney - 56 he draw himself up in a severe conservative huff . dr . courtney really , jekyll - this be quite alarming . such theory be dangerously close to a -- well , I hesitate to think what the Medical Council will be force to say if -- group shot - including jekyll' end of table 57 Sir Charles look with alarm at what Dr. Courtney be say . jekyll ( with a undercurrent of heat - but smile ) Dr. Courtney - advanced theory be always the sore - point for the Medical Council - or even a Queen 's physician . especially if there 's a confortable profit in that already safely establish . ( continued ) 29 . 57 continued : 57 dr . courtney ( bristle ) jekyll - if - colonel ( suddenly explode ) if you want my opinion , young man - this be all pure balderdash ! jekyll ( right back at he ) really , Colonel weymouth ? suppose we take you profession . what about the soldier when he come out of battle - key up from the lust of kill ? what about he thought ? he 's lonely - bewilder . why just recall yourself , as a young subaltern in Egypt - back from a campaign up the Nile - on a moonlit night in Cairo . what be you thought ? what be in you mind ? for a moment the Colonel be so move by the glamor and nostalgia in jekyll 's word , that he mouth be agape . colonel ( half remember dim conquest ) well , now - if you put it - I mean that 's something diff -- ( then suddenly feel he wife 's eagle glare - pound table ) harrumph ! by gad , sir ! I have hear enough ! 58 close shot - mrs . marley 58 she push she chair back in the sudden silence , rise with a sugary little murmur . mrs . marley lady ...? 59 full shot - room 59 as the lady rise , and leave , the man stand . lady cooper ( as they go ) oh , I mean to ask . have anybody see wilde 's new play , " the ideal husband " ? ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 63 64 continued : 30 . 59 mrs . french oh , yes - at the haymarket - a little so - so for my taste but then - mrs . arnold the pantomime at the Lane be magnificent . Dan [ ...] be screamingly funny . mrs . courtney yes . and have you see Irving 's " King Arthur " ... superb ... two shot - beatrix and jekyll ( over this ) 60 as she rise she give he a little smile which mean " I be - with - you " , perhaps even purse she lip at he quickly as we pan she away with the other woman . close shot - jekyll 61 he look after she , raise he eyebrow with a dry grin and shrug he shoulder . close shot - sir charle 62 he be look from jekyll to beatrix 0.s. , a worried look of disapproval in he expression , as we , full shot dissolve to : - carriage - ext STREET - night 63 it clop along with two horse , footman and driver on box . full shot - int . carriage - later 64 beatrix sit between jekyll and Sir Charles on the back seat . lanyon sit on the jump seat . Sir Charles look silent and worried . all be aware of this . we only hear the clop-clop of the horse . beatrix suddenly put she hand over she Father 's . beatrix ( affectionately ) tire , Father darling ...? sir charle hm ? oh - no , no. ( as carriage stop ) well - here we be , eh ? ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . 64 continued : 64 sir charle ( cont 'd ) ( as footman open door - and lanyon get out ) that 's it . you first , John . ( get out himself with a grunt , as he rise ) hmph ! get old , I suppose . 65 group shot - ext . - at carriage 65 they be in front of Sir Charles ' house , a large mansion of the period . dr . lanyon well , Sir Charles , it 's be a long evening , so I imagine you - sir charle oh , no - no . you must come in for a night - cap , john. ( with a smile ) if you do not think the rest of the company will be bored with each other . jekyll and bee look at each other with relieved smile . dr . lanyon well - thank you , sir . just one . they all move toward the house , as we pan , and dissolve to : 66 full shot - int . drawing room 66 it be excellently and richly appoint in the style of the period . some french door open off into a conservatory to one side . lanyon be pour the drink from a tray . beatrix and jekyll be across the room at a music box , look for some disc . Sir Charles be look in a humidor for cigar . 66a two shot - jekyll and beatrix 66a jekyll be look at a disc . jekyll what about this -? beatrix ( whisper ) no .... this - she look affectionately o.s. toward she Father . ( continued ) 66 a 66b 66c 66d 66e 32 . continued : 66a jekyll ( puzzle - in same voice ) what -? beatrix ( whisper ) this be the one that make Father wind he watch . ( she put it on and it start a lovely waltz ) ) look - they both look pan shot - sir charle 66b he raise he eye from the humidor at the first strain . he seem to think back for a second . then we pan he as he walk slowly to grandfather 's clock . beside the clock be a portrait of a lovely woman , obwiously beatrix 's mother by she look . Sir Charles take out he watch and wind it , but he do not look at it . he be look up at the picture , not the clock . close shot - picture 66c close shot - sir charle 66d his eye be a little misty , as he look o.s. at the picture . two shot - beatrix and jekyll 66e as they watch Sir Charles o.s . beatrix ( to jekyll ) it be the waltz that he and mama first dance together . jekyll ( touch ) oh ... ( turn to beatrix , with a little bow ) May I have the honor , miss beatrix ? beatrix ( curtsey ) with pleasure , Dr. jekyll . he take she in he arm , and they waltz through the french door into the conservatory . 67 68 68a 68b 69 70 33. close shot - sir charle 67 he turn from the picture and watch they waltz o.s . effect shot - sir charle ' angle - beatrix and jekyll 68 they waltz , frame in the french door . close shot - sir charle 68a he smile a little wistfully , touch by he memory . back to beatrix and jekyll - he angle 68b they dance o.s. into the part of the conservatory hide from he view . close shot - sir charle 69 his wistful expression turn to one of worry . lanyon appear into scene , carry two glass , hand one to Sir Charles . dr . lanyon Sir Charles ... ( raise he glass ) you health , sir . sir charle hm ? oh , yes , John - thank you , sir . he raise he glass , then drink , then look o.s. toward conservatory again , worried . effect shot - beatrix and jekyll - int . conservatory 70 they be in each other 's arm , in a long embrace . we be shoot from the middle of the round , glass - dome room , through fern and foliage . the waltz play dimly o.s . they lip part . jekyll where 's we melody - when first we meet ? we have not get any .... they start walk around the rotunda and we pan . beatrix oh , yes we have . it be not when you meet . it 's when you know . jekyll know what ? ( continued ) 70 continued : she stop they kiss 34 . 70 beatrix that the world 's spin around - just for two people alone . jekyll when do two people know a thing like that ? beatrix oh ... just about a month ago - ona high hill in Scotland ... jekyll oh , yes . I know that hill ... pretty close to Heaven , be not it ? beatrix right there . right on the outskirt .... jekyll ( as though suddenly remember ) I be there about that time - witha girl of all thing ! beatrix be the heather very high - and the cloud very low above they head -? jekyll hmmm - yes - but what I remember most be the way the wind catch the absurd little ringlet in she hair . ( touch around she ear ) right about there . and turn to he . beatrix see ? that 's we melody . jekyll ( nodd ) uh-hm . again . she look at he a second , then draw away and start finger a flower . beatrix Harry ... jekyll what ? 71 71a 72 35 . close shot - beatrix 71 as she turn and look up at he searchingly . close shot - jekyll 71a as he look at she , wonder at she look . jekyll what , bee ? two shot - beatrix and jekyll 72 beatrix ( slowly ) T ) onight at dinner ... I understand what you say about good and evil in people - and that it 's that way in all of we ... but if good and evil be so closely related in we - chain , as you say - why be not -?. ( then she stop with a little laugh , and a shake of she head , turn from he - finger flower again ) oh , no - it sound so ... silly - and wrong , even ... jekyll ( tenderly ) this be you and i. remember we ? nothing you and I can ever discuss will be wrong .... beatrix well then , why - why be not the way you and I feel about each other -? I mean ... ( hesitates , then with direct , serious warmth ) there 's nothing evil in that , be there ? jekyll laugh tenderly , and take she hand in he . jekyll look here . you and I be in love . such a small word for such a great thing ! ( more ) ( continued ) 72 36 . continued : 72 jekyll ( cont 'd ) but whatever it be , it 's a bless thing , bee . it make we one strong , live soul . and it take whatever power - or even whatever secret delight that there be in evil - and turn it all into good . ( search she eye ) do I have to tell you that ....? beatrix oh , no -! she surge into he arm . they kiss passionately , then look at each other , speechless for a moment . jekyll ( suddenly ) what in the world be we do ? here we be -- bound hand and heart in some ridiculous long engagement -- just because it 's the conventional correct thing to -- beatrix oh , I know , my darling - I do not want to wait , either . let 's ask Father if -- jekyll you leave it to I . I will take he to the club - put a glass of he favorite brandy in he hand and when I be through he will -- they both turn as we hear footstep o.s . Sir Charles appear , carry a glass in he hand . the music have stop . sir charle ( as he approach ) help John , will you , my dear ? he 's in there hunt for the bonnie bank of Loch lommond , or something - beatrix oh yes , Father ... she go past he . jekyll start to follow . sir charle Harry ... jekyll yes , Sir Charles ? ( continued ) 72 continued : 37 . ( 2 ) 72 sir charle I be not one to brood about and all that -- but you must have notice my attitude come home this evening . jekyll why , sir - I merely think that - sir charle that amazing flight of fancy you put forth at dinner ... I must confess it startle I -- and even though I 'ma broad -mind man , myself -- it be a little shocking , too ... jekyll well , I be sorry , Sir Charles - because I assure you it be not a flight of fancy at all . sir charle you mean you actually be in earnest ? jekyll profoundly so , sir . in fact , I be arrange to spend all my time at it -- sir charle this be distress , Harry -- jekyll ( puzzle at he attitude ) why ? sir charle it 's absolutely hair-brain , in my opinion . jekyll ( a little stung ) I be sorry you feel that way . I have just be explain it further to bee . she understand . sir charle ( stiffening - but in gentle reminder ) there be some thing no gentlewoman should understand . ( continued ) 72 continued : 38 . ( 3 ) 72 jekyll oh , come now , sir . in this day and age we be surely get beyond all that sort of -- ( break off ) besides , bee and I be adult , sir - we be deeplyin love - and very close . that 's why we see no need to wait . we want to be marry as soon as possible . we both feel that -- sir charle I think we decide on February . jekyll but that 's month away ! we need each other now . I want she near I - with I - in all the work I be go to -- sir charle no , no , Harry - I can not discuss any change in the plan . after this evening , more than - jekyll but , Sir Charles -- sir charle Harry ! restraint be wise and healthy in all matter ... a sort of prove ground . I wait five year for beatrix 's mother . jekyll ( with a wry smile ) if you will forgive I , sir -- you be a very sturdy man . sir charle ( laugh ) well , I be not ask that of you - but , come now , Harry . I 'we always want a son - and now you be go to be that . so listen to I , my boy . you be a come man in you profession . I be proud of you . but this ridiculous experiment will not get you anywhere . you must give they up . develop you practise . cultivate the circle in which you and beatrix shall move . that 's common sense , my boy . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 73 73a 74 39 . continued : ( 4 ) 72 sir charle ( cont 'd ) ( patting he shoulder ) there now . I have have my say . let 's get you night - cap , hm ? get late . he turn and start back into draw room . out 73 trucking shot - sir charle and jekyll 73a sir charle oh , by the way , do not forget - I have take a box for the open concert at the Albert Hall - ( pass o.s. ahead of jekyll ) you and John will join we , of course ... but jekyll be hardly listen , he be moody and downcast , and almost resentful , as we dissolve to : full shot - ext . sir charle ' house 74 lanyon and jekyll be just come down the step and turn into the walk along the street as we pan and truck with they . jekyll be silent and moody . dr . lanyon ( notice he mood ) what 's up ? you and the old boy cross sword ? jekyll ( dryly ) ; it seem that I should give up my research - and carry on with take out little Reggie Smith 's adenoid and give Lady gwendolyn St. Clair a sugar pill for she perennial self - induce hysteria - or else encounter the serious disapproval of bee 's father . dr . lanyon ( laugh ) oh , it can not be that bad , Harry . but you do cut up a bit rough at the marley 's , you know . jekyll stop , turn to he . ( continued ) 74 75 76 77 40 . continued : 74 jekyll ( a little sharply ) I be not ask you to agree with I . I just have a decision to make , that 's all . dr . lanyon now , look , Harry - you and I have be friend for year . I can not agree with you theory - but that need not break up we friendship , you know . I have not see anything of you lately . ( take he arm ) come on - let 's drop down to the club and play a rubber of whist . do you good . jekyll ( moodily ) I will walk that far with you ... they walk on , as we dissolve to : 87-113 out . trucking shot - jekyll and lanyon - STREET 75 they be in another part of town , take a short cut ina rather dingy section . at this point they cross the entrance to a narrow mews ( alley ) and we hold as sound of a struggle and cry come from its darken recess . girl voice ( 0.s. ) let I go , you -! why you filthy -! help -! jekyll and lanyon both look down the mews , then dart o.s. toward the sound . group shot - in mews 76 jekyll and lanyon rush into scene to find a hulk of a go struggle unpleasantly with young girl . the scene be light by dim gas light . jekyll pull the man off the girl , who drop to the ground with a moan against a rubbish box or a old pack case . the go start to fight , then see two against one , and streak down the mews with lanyon and jekyll in pursuit , as we pan . two shot - other end of mews 77 as the go fly in and out of scene , jekyll and lanyon stop , as they watch he streak across the street . ( continued ) 41 . 77 continued : 77 jekyll let he go . get a cab . I will see what 's be do . he hurry back into the mews . 78 two shot - jekyll and girl 78 she be sit on the rubbish box , straighten she hat and mutter to herself in comic tearfulness as jekyll approach into scene . girl ( to herself ) a nice thing ... when a girl can not ... the big ... jekyll ( politely ) do he hurt you ? girl dusting off she dress - hardly notice he ) it would take more than a bloke like that to -- ( suddenly see he for first time , impressed by he look and attire , in almost childish admiration ) oh ..! ( straighten she hat ) I will bet I look ever so untidy . jekyll can not help but smile , amused by she reaction . then : jekyll you be sure you be not hurt ? girl why ... I do not think so - I - ( stand - wince on one foot ) oo ! jekyll ankle ? girl mm. twisted . ( sway and catch he arm ) do you mind ? ( continued ) 78 continued : 42 . 78 jekyll of course not . a ankle can be very painful ... girl you be ever so kind . ( feel she side ) mm ! I side , too . he bashed a rib , he do ! jekyll I should not have stop . I should have catch he , eh ? girl oh , no , I mean - I be so glad you stop - if you take my meaning . jekyll ( nodd ahead ) my friend 's get a cab . can we drive you anywhere ? girl you be ever so kind . jekyll nonsense . let 's try it , shall we ? ( they start to walk toward end of mews as we truck with they . she limp ) that 's the girl . girl ( smile up at he ) a go like you should not be bother yourself about I , now . jekyll what sort of a go do not like to help a pretty girl ? hm ? he say this with casual politeness , but smile down at she as he finish . girl oh , now ! ( straighten she hat , flustered ) and I with my hat all about I head ! jekyll laugh , as we dissolve to : ( continued ) 78 122 123 43. continued : ( 2 ) 78 118-121 out . three shot - jekyll , girl , lanyon - int . hansom cab - 122 process she sit between they . lanyon be not very pleased with she voluble presence or with the job of take she home . girl ... and so he ask I can he walk I home , he do . and I say yes . when a girl have to work late at night , it 's nice to have a bit of company to see you home ... jekyll ( pleasantly , as lanyon make no remark ) naturally . girl ( now all to jekyll ) I know what 's what . you have to if you be a barmaid . I like a bit of fun , as the say go . but when a bloke grab you sudden - like with nasty notion in he head , it 's time to put you foot down . ( grab she side , lean against jekyll ) I ) be sorry to bother you two gent ... 000 ! the cab slow to a stop . full shot - cab - ext . tukesbury lane boarding house 123 as the cab stop , jekyll get out first . jekyll ( hold he arm up to help girl ) here you be . as the girl get down , she collapse on she ankle with a muffle cry of pain and jekyll catch she . girl ow ! it hurt more now -! jekyll here - ( continued ) 123 124 125 126 44 , continued : 123 with this , he pick she up . dr . lanyon ( slightly impatient ) can I give you a hand , Harry ? jekyll ( cheerily ) I think I can manage . continued . he carry the girl up the stoop to the door , as we pan . she take a key from she purse and open the door . they go inside . boom shot - int . boarding house - hall and stair 124 girl ( nodd upstairs ) second floor - first door on the right . ( watch jekyll 's face as he carry she up ) I will bet I be heavy ... jekyll oh , no . girl you be ever so strong , be not you ? in the b.g. , below a harridan of a landlady have poke she head out of the door , and be watch they . close shot - landlady 125 she look up after they with a know smile , lift a eyebrow and nodd she satisfaction at jekyll 's appearance . full shot - girl be door - upper hall 126 jekyll ( come to top of landing and door ) here ? girl uh-huh . she insert a key and open the door . jekyll carry she in . 127 128 45 . reverse shot - int . room 127 we be shoot over a bed , and jekyll and the girl 's figure be silhouett in the door . he come to the bed and put she down . girl ( take off she cape or coat ) the light 's by the door - if you have a match . jekyll right . he go back to the door , and light the gas jet . full shot - room - different angle 128 it be the usual dingy rooming house chamber , appoint as of the era and the girl .... cheap souvenir - man 's picture ( sailor and soldier ) tack unframe on the wall , etc . jekyll put he hat and stick down on a chair , and then close the door . we pan he over to she as she look up at he , half shy , half excitedly expectant . jekyll ( calmly ) you better let down you blouse . girl ( a little " miff " at the calm approach ) why ? jekyll ( easily ) do not you want I to have a look at you ? girl ( coyly ) ; ; I do not know . you be lookin ' , be not you ? jekyll but , you side . I think you -- then with a giggle , she quickly peel off she blouse , ( or let down she shirt - waist ) revealing herself in a fluffy thin top slip of the period . she look up at he , try to " play up " . she pull she foot upon the bed , under she . ( continued ) 128 continued : 46 . 128 girl ( softly ) you be not half a fast one , be not you ? jekyll look puzzle for a second , then burst out laugh . they stop he smile turn away . jekyll ( between chuckle ) I be sorry . let 's both understand this , shall we ? my friend and I be physician . girl physician ...? jekyll ( nodd ) doctor . girl doctor ? ( suddenly laugh delightedly at the situation ) go on ! I think you be just a couple of toff ! jekyll ( laugh , too ) no . have not the leisure . girl ( throw back she head , laugh ) oh , dear I ! -- and here I think -! laugh and look at each other . jekyll ( quickly , easily again ) well , I be glad to see you be not really hurt ... down at she , with a chide look , then start to girl ( quickly ) oh , but I be , Doctor - truly - ( continued ) 128 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 128 jekyll ( still kid , turn back ) I better send you to the hospital , hm ? girl ( offer she side ) no , look - here - feel - jekyll adopt a mock serious manner and feel she side . jekyll here -? girl ( " wince " ) o - o! yes - jekyll hm - I think so - a transossis pactoralis ... girl ( puzzle , alarmed ) what 's that mean ? jekyll ( into she eye ) that mean you eye be twin pool of desire ... girl ( softly , slowly , charme ) aw , Doctor ... that 's neat . you can say the word , you can ..! jekyll ( " surprised " ) but do not this still hurt ? she look down to see he be prodding she side . girl ( quickly , wince ) hm ? oh - yes - 0 - 0 -! jekyll ( straighten up , with a chuckle ) it will be all right in the morning ... ( continued ) 128 48 . continued : ( 3 ) 128 she quickly kick off she shoe , peel off she stock , hold the garter in she hand , a little rubber - tape ringlet with a gew - gaw buckle . girl ( as she do so , softly ) but look here - my ankle - do not you think you ought to look at that ? jekyll ( smile , shaking he head ) no. ( then point to where garter have leave a red mark above she knee ) but I will tell you one thing , young lady . you wear that garter too tight . bad . stop the circulation . the girl look down and then look up at he , pathetically happy that he be this solicituous about she at least . she rise and grab he hand . girl there ! you see now ? you do find something . you be my doctor , be not you ? ( as he only smile at she , then : ) I ought to pay you a fee ... jekyll ( a little catch ) I have not present any bill ... girl ( hand he garter ) how about this ? to begin with ... ( as he look at it ) not that it 's enough . jekyll some people do not pay half as much -- girl it do not seem near enough to I -! with this she put she arm about he neck and kiss he . he half return the embrace . 49 . 128a full shot - room 128a the door open with a simultaneous knock , and lanyon stand there . dr . lanyon Harry -? be this -? ( see they break apart ) oh ... sorry - ( a little coldly ) come along , will you ? it 's get late . he turn and we hear he walk down step o.s. 128b two shot - girl and jekyll 128b he look after lanyon , frown a little , then chuckle to himself and shake he head . he pick up he hat and stick , walk toward the door . the girl follow he . he automatically put garter in he pocket . girl ( puzzle ) you - you be not really goin ' - just because he say that - jekyll no . but I have to go - girl but , look here - do not you understand ? I be not no -- jekyll ( warmly ) I know that . you be a girl with she heart just where it ought to be - it 's just a little too generous , that 's all . ( patting she arm ) -- so because you be a nice pretty girl - just be a little smarter about the company you pick from now on . hm - why not ? girl well , but -- you be here , be not you ? jekyll I should not be , though . if you know I , you would know I really do not want to be . you see -- ( continued ) 50 . 128b continued : 128b the girl lift she head quickly , stung . girl oh ! well , I pick only they as want my company . I will tell you that ! her lip start to quiver . whatever she carefree love , she sense she be the woman scorn . her eye start to flash . jekyll ( know it be useless to make she understand ) I be sorry . it 's my fault . I should have -- girl whatcha sorry about ? I be not ! jekyll ( one last try ) come , now . let 's say we wear both foolish and it be all in fun - and wish each other luck the next time we take a drink , hm ? as he say this , he put out he hand . she ignore it . girl ( start to laugh ) I suppose it be all in fun when you kiss I ? jekyll ( ruefully ) yes . I have it come to I , my dear . ( go out door ) but anyhow - good night and good luck . always . girl ( slamm door on he ) you be not all in fun then - I know that ! she start laugh , tear of rage in she eye . 129-133 out . 134 close shot - jekyll - ext . door - hall 134 he hear she laugh . girl voice ( 0.s . ) next time you look at a girl , make up you mind , mister ! ( continued ) 134 135 136 51 . continued : 134 he shake he head again , wonder how he get in the whole mess , and start down the stair . close shot - girl - int . room 135 she hear he footstep go away down the stair . she turn and we pan she back into the room . she be puzzle and furious at the same time . she slump down on the bed . her expression fall . then she wipe all think of he from she mind and start to whistle , take off she other stock as we dissolve to : two shot - jekyll and lanyon - int . cab process 136 lanyon be sit quietly look ahead . jekyll be study he , grin . jekyll ( finally ) oh come now , John - do not get that stuffy look . the lady be not injure , and neither be I - nor anyone else . dr . lanyon I admit she might be a tempting little trick - in a off moment . jekyll what do you mean .. " off moment " ? DR. lanyon ( sardonically ) your . accord to you theory , I imagine that graphic tableau I just witness be the momentary triumph of the evil in you soul over the good . correct ? jekyll ( after a second 's think ) why ...yes . not quite a triumph ... ( with a serious little smile ) but it be a attack . ( then quickly ) - yet one that would have be repulse without you presence , John , I assure you . dr . lanyon would not you run less personal risk if you confine you experiment to you laboratory ? ( continued ) 136 137 137a 137b 137c 137d 137e 52 . continued : 136 jekyll well , the laboratory 's where you will find I from tonight on - ( look ahead , almost to himself ) until I get what I be look for ... lanyon notice he determine look , shrug with a little shake of he head , as we dissolve to : out . 137 full shot - int . laboratory - later 137a jekyll be stand by the two cage , he cape and hat still on . he peer at the occupant . his brow be furrow . close shot - he angle , the cage - 137b the rabbit and the rat be more or less exactly as when he put they in the cage earlier in the evening . jekyll 's hand come into the rabbit 's cage . the rabbit sniff at it . as he hand approach the rat , it tear around the cage wildly , then bite at he hand . close shot - jekyll 137c his face set with determination . he throw off he cape and hat and we pan he to he work table . he start mixing various potion , lighting burner , etc. , get out vial , and powder , as we dissolve to : note : the follow series of dissolves denote passage of time and the fury of incessant work on jekyll 's part . ( formerly # 88 ) close shot - potion - int . lab 137d jekyll 's face be behind it , intense . its bubbles die out . jekyll 's expression fall . jekyll start figure ingredient combination on a pad . dissolve to : ( formerly scene # 89 ) close shot - pad - int . lab 137e jekyll 's hand write a formula , furiously . he scratch it out . tear off sheet . start write again . dissolve to : 137f 1376 137h 137 ) 137k 137l 137m 53. full shot - lab two man be carry a cot down the stair under poole 's direction . poole look apprehensively at jekyll , who be work at the table . poole carry blanket and sheet . dissolve to : ( former scene 90 ) close shot - jekyll - int . lab he be in work clothes now , a smock on . he wear a growth of a couple of day ' beard . he be try another mixture . dissolve to : ( former scene 96 ) close shot - poole - int . lab he be pull curtain aside to let in the morning light . we pan he as he pick up a tray of food , and carry it to jekyll , who take no notice . poole put it down with a sigh and withdraw . dissolve to : ( former scene 97 ) close shot - tray of food - int . lab we pan up and poole be look at it . it be untouched . he cross to where jekyll be asleep in the cot , exhaust , some note in he hand . poole gently cover he up with a throw . dissolve to : ( former scene 98 ) close shot - jekyll be hand - mixing - int . lab . dissolve to : ( former scene 99 ) close shot - jekyll be face - int . lab he be watch , he face tired and haggard . dissolve to : ( former scene 101 ) close shot - jekyll - int . lab his expression be now more strain than ever . he be in he shirt - sleeve , with open neck - another growth of beard . he be mixing some stuff in crucible . he pull it out quickly . measure some out in a syringe , dump it into a cool vat . then he go quickly to cage with it as we pan . 137f 1376 137h 137 ) 137k 137l 137m 137n 137p 137q 137r 137 137t 137u close shot - jekyll - at cage 54 . he reach o0.s. into the rabbit 's cage and administer syringe . then repeat the action in watch , and suddenly he expression grow elate . he look from one cage to another . he start into the rabbit 's cage . close shot - rabbit - int . cage as jekyll 's hand enter slowly the rabbit be tear about wildly . it suddenly back up into a corner , and then lunge at jekyll 's hand . close shot - jekyll he withdraw he hand with a gleeful explanation . tries it the rat 's cage . he to put he bare hand again a couple of time . then he look in rat 's cage . close shot - int . rat' cage the rat seem almost dead . then it get up , and as jekyll 's hand come slowly into the cage , the rat sniff it . jekyll 's hand lift it up . it do not struggle . close shot - jekyll as he hold the rat , a look of triumph come over he face . he stroke the rat , fondle it to be sure of the result . then he quickly put the rat back , and we pan he as he dart to the cabinet , take out he leather vial case , to the table , and start pour content of the container below the retort into a new vial , he expression jubilantly excited , as we wipe to : [ section detail ] full shot - int . albert hall - BOX o.s. we hear the symphony be play . beatrix , Sir Charles and lanyon be seat in a tier box jekyll 's empty chair be in evidence . unhappy . Sir Charles look about at look at he watch . beatrix notice they turn to each other . close shot - lanyon and beatrix beatrix ( sotto voce ) as we dolly in close . beatrix seem very the empty chair , then this , as do lanyon . I be worried , John . it 's not like he not to send any word . ( continued ) shake itself , bring it 137n 137p 137q 137r 137 137t 137u 137u 137v 137w 55 . continued : 137u dr . lanyon ( reassuringly ) he will be along . dissolve to : pan shot - jekyll - int . hospital corridor 137v it be dimly light , quiet . we pan jekyll as he hurry past the entrance from the b.g. and round a corner . we hold as he stop . a nurse be lead Mrs. higgins past he . she be sobbing pathetically . fenwick , the interne , be stand in the b.g. , close the door . Mrs. higgins do not notice jekyll . she go by with the nurse . jekyll 's expression fall . he turn quickly to fenwick who come up to he . jekyll look here . higgins be not -? fenwick ( as jekyll stop ) yes , sir . just now . cerebral hemorrhage . jekyll look as though he would be strike . he glance down at he case , as he anticipation leave he . without a word , he turn and we pan he back around the corner as we dissolve to : group shot - ext . hospital entrance 137w the nurse be condol Mrs. higgins as jekyll come out . jekyll 's carriage be wait there . jekyll be pre-occupy in gloom . nurse ( to the sobbing Mrs. higgins ) there - there now - mrs . higgins ( see jekyll ) oh , Dr. jekyll -! jekyll oh ... I be sorry , Mrs. higgins ... mrs . higgins ( between sob ) maybe it 's for best , sir . that - that be not my Sam back there . it - it be as if the evil one have creep into he heart - poor Sam ... ( continued ) 137w continued : 56 . 137w jekyll ( escort she to carriage ) hobson - take Mrs. higgins wherever she wish to go . I will walk . hobson yes , sir . mrs . higgins ( now in carriage ) ht - thank you , Dr. jekyll ... jekyll ( patting she hand , absently ) goodnight , Mrs. higgins ..... he walk o.s. and the carriage start up as we , dissolve to : 137x ( former sc . # 42 ) mo . shot - entrance to west gate - park 137x we be inside the park , shoot out . Mr. weller , a fat jovial park - keeper in visore hat , be just about to lock the gate as jekyll appear . mr . weller ah ! good evening , Dr. jekyll . just about to lock up ! jekyll come in and stand in think a moment , as Mr. weller lock the gate . then weller join he and we truck with they as they walk . mr . weller ( chattily ) I will step along with you if you be go to the East Gate . wonderful night we be have - eh , sir ? jekyll ( suddenly ) Mr. weller - suppose you have a balloon that would carry a man to Mars - and the pilot you would pick out disappear - would you get in the balloon yourself and cast off ? ( continued ) 57 . 137x continued : 137x 138 139 140 140 a mr . weller ( enjoy this asa joke ) well now - that 's a difficult one . but I think if I have a balloon as would carry I there - and back , mark you - I think I would do it . might get I away from the mother - in - law for a while ! ( laugh uproariously ) how 's that for a answer , Dr. jekyll ? jekyll ( almost to himself - with resolve ) Fair enough , Mr. weller -- fair enough .... dissolve to : out . 138 full shot - int . lab - later 139 jekyll be seat at he table , write a letter . a full retort of liquid be bubbling near he . his face be strain , purposeful , he evening coat off , he hair a little dishevel . jekyll look up from he write , examine the content of the retort , turn the burner a little lower . then go back to he write . close shot - page of note . 140 jekyll' hand be writing : " because there be no other way to prove the true value of my experiment .... ( he pen start writing here ) " but remember , my darling , in case of my death .... " on this last word , with a crash of musical chord , we quick dissolve to : close shot - beatrix - int . her bedroom 140a she be asleep , the moonlight come across she face through the window o0.s . suddenly she eye go wide , and she sit bolt upright as we pull back . she look around the room . beatrix ( as though someone be in the room ) yes -? what --? ( continued ) 140 a 140b 141 142 a142 58 . continued : 140 a she think for a second , then quickly get out of bed , hurry to the closet as we pan and start pull out some attire , as we dissolve to : full shot - front hall - sir charle ' house 140 B beatrix , now dress , tip -toe down the stair and silently open the door to the street . dissolve to : close shot - jekyll - int . lab 141 the burner be now off . jekyll be pour the content , which have drip from the retort into a container , from the container into a vial . it smoke and swirl strangely . he hold the vial a second . he look at the letter to beatrix , lean in a prominent position on the table . close shot - jekyll at mirror 142 holding the vial , he examine he face , feel he skin , turn he head . he start to raise the vial to he lip . then he get another think . we pull back and pan left and right in long shot as he put vial back on table , run to the drape at the back of the lab , pull they to , over the window , then dash up the stair and lock the door . he come down again , approach the vial , slowly , pick it up . for a moment , he look straight ahead into the camera , as though into the future . then down the vial with one long gulp . for a second , nothing happen . then he grip he throat in a violent convulsion , he choke , groan , and gag . he can hardly breathe . slowly , he face start to change into a haggard and horrible caricature of himself . he spin around a couple of time , then fall to the floor , writhe . the camera zoom down into he body , and be black out , as we , dissolve to : series of static dissolves a142 this to show the torture metamorphosis in the split of jekyll 's soul : in a spin maelstrom of odd mechanical whirring sound , rasp and cacophonous noise and odd shape come the face and voice of the follow : 1 . heath 's Voice : " I can not allow it , jekyll . " 2 . Mrs. weymouth 's Voice : " vicious - filthy - indecent . " 3 . jekyll 's Voice : " ... and let it destroy itself in its own degradation . " ( continued ) 59 . a142 continued : a142 150 4 . Courtney 's Voice : " ... I hesitate to say what the Medical Council would ... " 5 . beatrix 's Voice : " there 's nothing evil in that , be there ? " 6 . Sir Charles ' Voice : " thing no gentlewoman should understand ! 7 . Bishop 's Voice : " come , come - my dear doctor - now you be invade my territory . " 8 . girl 's Voice : " .. I will add this for good measure . " it end in a weird sighing moan and far away laughter , as we - dissolve to : close shot - jekyll - face down on floor 150 his back be to the camera ( or be it jekyll ? ) . we ask as we pan up with he , he back like a animal 's in a crouch . the top of he head be strangely elongate , he ear be point . as yet we do not see he face but follow he as he slowly shuffles , gasp and grunt to the mirror . there over he shoulder , we get a look at he face for the first time . it be hideous in its transformation into evil , yet withal contain a strange fascinating pan-like quality . at first he start , as though a animal look in the mirror for the first time . then he peer closer . and he start to laugh , slowly , softly at first , then mount to loud yelp . jekyll ( into mirror - like eyeing a work of great art ) look at you ... look at you ... what beautiful consumate evil ! ( shouting exultantly ) there you be ! and I make you ! what a rainbow of unspeakable color could you paint the world 's horizon if I turn you loose ! ( laugh louder , triumphantly now ) there it be , Sir Charles ! look at it , John lanyon ! show this to the Medical Council , Dr. Courtney ! jekyll ( continue ) hypocrite ! fool ! blind man ! deny what 's in you soul , will you ? you can not deny that ! ( continued ) 150 151 152 153 60 . continued : 150 then we pan he as he caper about the room , leaping and stretch and jump up and down like a faun , laugh all the time . 0.s. there be a knock on the door which he do not hear . close shot - ext . lab - door toward house 151 Inside the laughter come over the scene . poole , in he dress gown , be listen . he react to laughter , then start bang on the door , try to open it . poole ( in great alarm ) Dr. jekyll - Dr. jekyll ! what 's happen , sir ? be you all right ? close shot - jekyll - int . lab 152 he stop caper as he hear the bang on the door , alert as a wild animal . jekyll eh ? who 's there ? who be it ? poole's voice it 's poole , sir ! Dr. jekyll - be that you , sir ? the bang continue . jekyll look wildly about , then see vial on the table . he hurriedly start mixing they in another potion . jekyll just a moment , now ! close shot - poole - ext . lab door 153 when he hear the silence , he get even more worried . poole who be that in there ? Dr. jekyll - answer I , sir ! Dr. jekyll --! he shove he weight against the door , can not budge it , then start o.s. toward the house when he be call back by footstep on the stair . he wait a little warily , as they come toward the door . the door open quickly . Dr. jekyll stand there , he natural self . he be pale , perspire , breathe heavily . jekyll ( try to be calm ) yes , poole . ( continued ) 153 154 61 . continued : 153 poole ( stammer ) why , sir - I - I be sorry , sir - I hear a frightful noise - and a strange voice - and - and I think something have happen , sir . jekyll no ... it be quite - all right , poole . there be someone here . he - he be a friend of mine . a - er - a ... Mr. hyde . he be a bit - well , under the weather - rather obstreperous . I get he out by the back door . poole oh , I see , sir . ( then , back to the servant again ) miss beatrix be here , sir . jekyll ( hit between the eye ) miss beatrix .... alone ? poole ( re-assuringly ) I have show she to the consulting room , sir . jekyll tell - tell miss beatrix I shall be there at once . poole very good , sir . jekyll close the door , as poole exit o.s. full shot - lab 154 jekyll come down the stair in the b.g. he be stunne by this announcement from poole . mechanically , daze , he start put on he tail coat . then with a sudden rush of think , as we pan , he rush to the mirror again , examine he face to see if any of the awful evil be leave . he feel he cheek , he brow , he ear . he cover he face with he hand , in revulsion at what he have see earlier . then he look at himself again . ( continued ) 154 155 62 . continued : 154 jekyll ( mutter through he tooth some dim remember quotation ) " ... if once this thing be bear again , decapitate it - e're it foul the air ... " then he quickly turn from the mirror , cross and pick up the letter he have write beatrix , tear it into small piece , throw it in the waste - basket , and adjust he coat , start up the stair . half way up he hesitates , then proceed more slowly , as we dissolve to : full shot - int . jekyll' consulting room - beatrix 155 the room be much as we would expect ... a desk , consultation chair , many shelf of medical book , a few standard instrument in a case . beatrix be seat , nervous and anxious . she turn quickly , as jekyll open the door from the hall , in the b.g. jekyll 's attitude be one of hesitancy at first , as though await some fear reaction from she . beatrix ( quickly ) then you be not -? Harry , what 's the - ? ( on this she be start over towards he , then stop , look at he - he attitude be tense , strain as though she know something . then she give hima puzzle little smile , feel she temple ) I can not explain why ... but I hada strange feel you be go away - without ever see I again be not that silly ? ( she slowly sink down in a chair , look about the room , then up at he with a embarrassed , nervous little laugh ) it - it be silly , be not it ? because here you be - and here I be ... ( continued ) 155 63 . continued : 155 jekyll ( feel he must say something ) I have to go to the hospital , bee .... the man die . beatrix oh , I be sorry ... maybe that 's what I feel . but it be just something that -- ( then , with another little laugh ) why - I have no reason to come at all ! she rise again , automatically . jekyll take she hand with a sudden gesture . jekyll oh , yes , bee - yes ! beatrix ( with a soft smile ) you be glad I be here then ? jekyll sweep she into he arm . hold she almost desperately close . in this gesture , she cape fall to the floor . jekyll glad ? I would have come to you , I think - if you have not -- I mean - tonight , somehow , I miss you more than ever ... beatrix ( she lip against he cheek ) when I be in this house , I will not let you waste you night in that stuffy old laboratory ... you know that , do not you - hmmm ...? jekyll ( almost to himself ) you will never be out of sight -! he hold she for a second , then : beatrix ( turn she face to he ) I do not want to go home .... jekyll bee .... ( continued ) 64 . 155 continued : ( 2 ) 155 beatrix you say it be not evil for we to -- please , do not send I away now .... he look full in she eye for a second , then they kiss passionately . beatrix ( ecstatic ) oh , my love -! ( then she stop , and withdraw from he a little , as she eye catch something o.s . jekyll turn too . beatrix 's chin lift in defiance . then , quietly : ) yes , Father ....? we pan over slowly to pick up Sir Charles stand in the open door-way . behind he in the hall be poole , nervously wring he hand . poole duck o.s. , as Sir Charles come slowly into the room , as we pan , and confront beatrix and jekyll . without a word , he lean down , pick up beatrix 's cape and hand it to she . sir charle ( in a quiet , cold voice to jekyll ) I be very grateful for the anxiety you cause we this evening - ( to beatrix ) I be unable to sleep myself . jekyll Sir Charles , I ask beatrix to come here tonight -- beatrix ( reproving he ) Harry - you -- jekyll ( to Sir Charles ) because I -- sir charle ( to jekyll ) apparently you do not consider we talk the other evening very seriously ? ( continued ) 155 continued : 65 . ( 3 ) 155 jekyll Sir Charles , I beg to believe that there be no -- sir charle all I can believe be that you theory of behavior be not normal , jekyll -- not fit . I might say not even -- beatrix ( interrupt quickly ) Father , I do not expect you to understand . I be not ashamed . sir charle then I shall be for you ... because I do understand . you and I be leave for the continent tomorrow . we shall be catch the afternoon boat-train . jekyll ( stunne ) the continent ? oh , come , sir -- there 's -- beatrix ( plead now ) oh , Father , please -! jekyll ( try to reason ) Sir Charles - you could avoid all of this misunderstanding if you would set a early date for we marriage . beatrix please , Father .... sir charle the date remain as plan . ( to jekyll ) and if you have not abolish that unhealthy experiment of yours - ( as jekyll start to speak ) oh , I know you be still work at they - why , we will consider the engagement break . jekyll swear to you , sir , I have finish entirely with everything that I - ( continued ) 155 66 . continued : ( 4 ) 155 sir charle that will await we return . come , beatrix . beatrix ( to jekyll ) Harry - if you do not wish I to go away - I shall refuse . sir charle ( sternly ) beatrix -! beatrix I mean it , Father . she turn to jekyll for a answer . he look at she for a long time . jekyll ( finally ) I do not want you to go away , bee . but - even though you and I can not agree with he - you Father be only think of you happiness . I can not disrespect he in that . I can not ask you to . there be a moment of silence . beatrix see that jekyll mean it . sir charle ( with a relieved sigh , more gently now ) that 's highly commendable , Harry . beatrix now try to smile . she offer she hand to jekyll . beatrix ( fight tear ) you - you will see we off at the train ? jekyll ( take she hand - nodd ) it better have two engine - or I will try to hold it back . beatrix try anyway . she go close to he , kiss he cheek swiftly , and with a little sob , turn and hurry out . ( continued ) 155 162 163 164 165 166 67 . continued : ( 5 ) sir charle ( more kindly ) restraint , my boy - restraint . it 's the only strength of human existance . jekyll goodnight , Sir Charles . sir charle goodnight . he turn and follow beatrix . jekyll look after they , miserable , as we fade out : 159-161 out . fade in : full shot - ext . jekyll' house - dusk it be raining , a heavy drive rain . dissolve to : full shot - int . jekyll' lab jekyll stand look out of the back window , lean up against the wall . poole enter from the stair landing and come down carry a tray on which be a letter and a glass of sherry wine . jekyll do not even look around . close shot - poole at bottom of stair , he stop and look at jekyll o.s. close shot - jekyll - poole's angle he be moody and disconsolate , as he look at the rain outside . pan shot - poole he shake he head , frown , then smile to himself as we pan he over to jekyll . poole ( gently ) how about a glass of sherry wine , sir ? jekyll ( without look ) no , thank you , poole - no sherry wine . ( continued ) 155 162 163 164 165 166 166 167 168 169 170 68 . continued : 166 poole well , would you consider a letter - ah - from aix Les bain ? jekyll turn quickly , he face lighting up . jekyll ( snatching up letter ) poole , you blackguard ! would I ? ( tear open letter , poole start to move away with the tray ) and you sherry wine , too - what 's more ! poole come back and give glass to jekyll . jekyll start read letter avidly , hold wine in he hand . poole move 0.s . close shot - poole 167 as he come to a desk , and start straighten thing up . he want to talk , to cheer he master up . poole miss beatrix should be return home in another week , should not she , sir ? hobson tell I they be expect . he get no answer from jekyll o.s . he turn to look . close shot - jekyll - poole's angle 168 jekyll 's expression be turn from interested delight to puzzlement . then he face cloud entirely . he put glass down on window - sill . it fall over with a tinkle and a splash . jekyll quickly turn the page , anguish . insert - beatrix be letter - in jekyll be hand 169 ( line be from top of page ) " ... do not write yesterday because I be so distress . darling heart - Father - refuse to come home . we be leave tomorrow for Italy - to be go I do not know how long . oh , my dearest , if you know how I have try to .. " full shot - room 170 poole see jekyll 's concern and rage , as jekyll look away from the letter . poole advance to he , to pick up glass . ( continued ) 170 continued : 69 . 170 poole not bad news , I hope , sir . jekyll ( bitterly ) miss beatrix will be go indefinitely - that 's all . poole oh , I be sorry , sir . Sir Charles ' health , no doubt . ( a pause , as poole watch jekyll slump down in a chair ) if you will forgive I , sir - it distress I to see you down this way . it 's not right , sir . might I suggest that you pick up and go out this evening for a bit of fun ? they say there 's a very entertaining musical comedy at the gaiety - ( with a little cough ) - er - ah - , very dare , you know , sir - jekyll consider this a moment , look at poole . then : jekyll ( dryly ) ; I be afraid that 's not particularly become in my position , poole - ( then with a sardonic chuckle ) ) nor even wise , I might add .... he rub he face in he hand . poole another glass of sherry wine , sir ? jekyll ( face in he hand , wearily ) no thank you , poole ... poole yes , sir . poole exit from scene , with tray and break glass . we hear he go upstairs 0.s. and close the door . then jekyll get up with sudden impatience . we pan he as he walk about the room . he fiddle with a tube or two , straighten it absently . he find a pipe on the table , knock it out . he feel in he pocket for tobacco pouch . do not find it . he walk over by the cabinet . 171 172 173 174 70 . close shot - jekyll 171 he be look for he pouch , when suddenly , he eye catch something o.s . close shot - ivy' garter 172 it be still where jekyll must have toss it week ago . its cheap little clasp , glisten in the lamplight . close shot - jekyll 173 fascinate , he slowly bend over and pick it up . he feel it in he hand . he think of the girl . then he quickly throw it on the table . we pan he as he pace the length of the room again , nervously . this bring he opposite the mirror . he look at himself then think , look back at the garter , then over at a cabinet . then he make he decision , and hurry to the cabinet , pull out some vial of powder and liquid from various pigeon-hole . as he hastily carry they to the lab table and sit himself down to mix they , we dissolve to : close shot - finished potion 174 as jekyll 's hand pick it up we pan to he face . he hesitates a second , look at the garter nearby , then with a desperate gesture he drain the potion . the same reaction set in as before . in violent convulsion , he face start to turn . he grip the side of the chair in agony . we pan down to he hand . it turn into a animal - like appendage . his four finger seem to grow together a little bit at the base , and then separate in the middle , almost like the beginning of a cloven hoof . his neck become thick and short . we pan up to he face . it be worse than before . we pan down to the other hand . the same process be happen here . he be gasp and writhe all the while . we pan up again to he face . the transformation now become complete . it be worse in this second stage - more bestial than faun . his writhe stop . he rise , shake he head - feel the change in he thought . ( note : the question of each metamorphosis and its subsequent gradation accord to makeup be open to debate so that all party concerned in the production agree and be satisfied ) girl voice ( on track , whisper ) it 's in you eye - it 's in you eye ... he hurry over to the mirror to look . he be truly this Mr. hyde now , whom he speak about to poole . ( continued ) 174 175 176 71 . continued : 174 hyde ( into mirror , gleefully ) yes , Mr. hyde ! wonderful , Mr. hyde ! it be ! you be the modern narcissus ! you face reflect man 's eternity as it be mean to be ! he leap away from the mirror , stretch himself like a animal in the middle of the room , think again . girl voice ( whisper ) ( with a low laugh ) caught , be not you ? you be catch ... hyde ( suddenly , exultantly ) no! I be free ! free ! he caper about a second , then quickly take he cape , stick and hat from a hanger , and dart out the back door . close shot - jekyll - ext . back of lab 175 he take a key out of he pocket , and lock the door . then he turn and look about he . he take off he hat and stretch again in the rain , look up into the element . then he dart off into the darkness as we dissolve to : full shot - int . rooming house hall 176 we be shoot toward front door on which somebody be bang furiously on the outside . the slatternly landlady hurriedly come down the step , open door . she jump back with a startle cry as hyde barge in . hyde ( he eye agleam ) be she here ? be she in ? landlady ( back up stair a way ) who ? who do you want ? hyde ( point ) the dove - the little white dove that nest in she warm loft up there ? landlady ( as he start up step ) if it 's ivy pearson you want - she - she be not in . ( continued ) 176 177 72 . continued : 176 hyde ( think over the name ) ( come down ) ivy , eh ? ivy ... ( with a sly laugh poke she with stick ) cling , no doubt , too .... ( then , impatiently ) come , come - you leaf of jade lettuce ! where be she ? where do she work ? landlady at the Palace of variety ! hyde ah ! at the Palace of variety ! what a shallow hearth for the fire of my lovely jewel ! ( then , cock he head to one side ) but - variety , eh? variety ! I like that ! with a caper , he poke the landlady in she backside with he stick , and dash out of the door . close shot - curb - ext . ivy' place 177 hyde come out , gleeful at the prospect of find ivy . he come abreast of a old blind man who be timidly tapping he stick on the curb , preparatory to crossing the street . hyde take he arm with exaggerated solicitation . hyde why , why ! let I give you a hand , uncle ! blind man ( with a happy smile ) oh ... thank you , sir ! we truck ahead of they across the street . they weave they way past a couple of dray . then , in the middle of the street , hyde kick the old man 's stick out from under he . hyde ( laugh gleefully ) there you be , uncle - safe and sound ! ( continued ) 177 178 179 continued : 73 . 177 the old man exclaim inarticulately - " here - no - no - " and grope about for he stick which hyde flick farther away along the cobble with he own . a cart nearly run the old man down , the driver pull reel backwards . hyde utter he as he cross the street where a cab be stand near close shot - hyde as he climb into hansom , he up with a jerk as the old man another happy laugh , and we pan and caper down the walk to the intersection of a neuse . 178 tap the nodd driver with he stick . hyde come , come - my doze fungus -! ( as cabbie wake up quickly ) to the Palace of variety ! cabbie right , sir ! hyde ( wack horse 's right rump with cane ) right , sir ! ( then whack leave ) Left , sir ! ( then whack center ) and a bit down the middle , sir ! naturally , the horse leap to action during this as we pan carriage away , and dissolve to : full shot - ext . palace of varietie 179 it be the facade of the average cheap music hall of the period . hyde leap out of the cab as it come to a stop . he look at the place with eager interest , then turn to hand the cabbie he fare . as the latter reach down for the money , hyde have the sudden caprice to pull he tumble off he seat , roll he on the pavement . hyde throw the money on top of he and then poke he with he stick . hyde ( caper about ) whee ! all the king 's horse and all the king 's man ! a couple of hanger - on in front rush up . a passer - by stop . ( continued ) 179 180 181 182 74 . continued : 179 1st hanger - on ( as though to detain hyde ) here , here , guv'nor - what 's the -? hyde turn and raise he stick , with a growl of rage . the man jump back , scared at the expression of viciousness they see . then hyde chuckle , and dart on into the music hall box office , as we dissolve to : full shot - int . palace of varietie 180 a smoke- fill utopia with a bar at one end , a stage at the other . along the side , box with table and chair - and table and chair range on a incline from the stage back towards the bar . the " chairman " at he table down front be conduct the proceedings on the stage , a row of plump soubrettes in a song and dance ensemble to the tune of " Champagne Charlie " . we see hyde come in in the b.g . close shot - hyde 181 he come in , stand a moment , smell the wind like a expectant ram . a waiter approach he , see he quality attire . hyde hand he he ticket . waiter ah , yes , sir - box F , sir . we pan they through the table and up some small step around in back of a box which hyde enter . the waiter stand , expect a order , as hyde 's eye dart about , savore the place . the waiter be now a little leery of hyde 's look and want to please . waiter a brandy and soda , sir ? hyde ( with a grunt , nodd he head ) hmph . the waiter exit . hyde continue to sweep the room with he look . pan shot - hyde be angle - the place 182 hyde 's glance travel about slowly , enjoy each group . it hold at a table where a young man be kissing the neck of he girl friend . she pretend to repulse he . 183 184 185 186 187 75 . close shot - hyde 183 he like this . he shift happily in he chair . he look toward the stage . pan shot - line of soubrettes - hyde's angle 184 we travel down the line of hard - work young lady . they lift they limb in a sort of can-can . close shot - hyde 185 this please he no end . he lift he stick and rotate it like the limb of the girl . the waiter appear with the brandy and soda , put it down . waiter ( elaborately ) yes , sir . hyde pick up the glass , start to drink , and just then notice something o.s . his eye light up . effect shot - he angle - ivy 186 she be behind the bar , laugh and joke with two or three man . the reason hyde can see she be that she be stand on a stool , reach up for a bottle at the back of the bar , as she look back at the man below . we can not hear what she be say , naturally . two shot - hyde and waiter 187 hyde notice waiter 's presence . hyde ( bark ) what be you wait for ? ( as waiter start to stutter ) a tip , eh ? get out ! the waiter duck quickly , and hyde look again toward ivy o.s. we pull back to include waiter as he round box and start down step . waiter ( grumble ) blighter ! hyde swing he cane over the box in front of the waiter , trip he . ( continued ) 76 . 187 continued : 187 hyde ( as he do so ) eh ? ( to waiter on floor ) mind you tongue and send I a bottle of champagne . ( gesture o.s . ) have she bring it - that girl up there ! waiter ( sullenly ) ivy ? ivy be not allow to leave the bar . at this point , a fat little manager come into scene . hyde ( with slow ominousness ) I say ! manager ( very officious ) here - here . what 's all this here about ? waiter this go here want champagne . manager Champagne ? well , bring it , man - bring it ! waiter but he want ivy to serve it -! manager of course , she will serve it ! jump now ! ( turn to hyde as waiter slink off ) anything to oblige a gentleman , sir ! but hyde take no notice of he , as he keep look o.s. at ivy . 188 group shot - around ivy at bar 188 she be still on the stool , reach up . the two man be kid she . she be play up to they . they eye be obviously on she ankle and lower limb as they be reveal by she skirt lift a little when she stretch . ( continued ) 188 77 . continued : 188 1st man ( winking at the other ) no , we want the Old par up there -! ivy this - up here -? 2nd man ( nudging he companion ) no , no - up higher , ivy love - the Red label Walker -! ivy Higher , eh ? you be a one ! ( drop down and push he playfully in the chest ) you missus have get a pair of ankle . go home and look at they ! by this time the waiter have come to bar . waiter ( to ivy ) there 's a go in box F what want you to serve he and old figg say you be to do it . ivy ( airily ) oh , he do , eh ? well , tell he ita i not my business to -- waiter he want a bottle of the boy . ivy ( happily surprised ) oh! bubbly ! why do not you say so ? she take a bottle of champagne from a box of crack ice behind bar . put it on a tray . 1st man ( during this ) hey , ivy love - what about some fish and chip after the show ? 2nd man what about a dozen oyster and a pint of stout ? ivy very meaningly put a second glass on the tray . ( continued ) 188 189 190 78 . continued : ( 2 ) 188 ivy what about a glass of champagne ? she pick up tray with bottle and glass and flounce down the bar and out , as the two man look after she . close shot - chairman 189 he turn to the crowd as another chorus of the song start . chairman ( call out ) everybody now ! all together ! '' oh ! Champagne Charlie be my --!' he lead the crowd as they all start to sing . pan shot - ivy 190 as she approach box . she adopt a casual air , sing as she go , pretend little interest in the man in the box o.s. , as we pan her up the step and around into the box . she put down tray as hyde look at she avidly . she have not yet get a good look at he , only sense he expensive attire , as she open the bottle and sing at the same time . then she turn as though to smile casually at the customer , and get hyde 's full look , see he for the first time , and stop sing , stare at he . then she look away , start sing again , only not very happily now , and then pour only one glass , as she finally cease sing entirely . the song stop , and there be applause and shout o.s . ivy ( want to get away ) that will be half a quid , sir . hyde ( give she a note ) here 's a sovereign , my dear ... the change be yours . ivy ( impressed ) thank you , sir . yet she look at he again and still decide to go . hyde get up quickly and touch she elbow . hyde oh , but now ! you bring two glass . you must have have the same think as I . what a nice beginning , eh? ( pull out chair and edge she into it ) sit down , my dear - yes - sit down .... ( continued ) 190 79 . continued : 190 he pour the other glass of wine for she . ivy ( nervously , watch he ) I will take just a sip . then I will have to go back because I be -- hyde nonsense - we have get all evening , little ivy . I like you sing . you will have to sing for I some more . where do you get such a pretty voice ....? ivy ( fool with glass ) why - I dunno .... I just -- hyde be it because of the pretty place it come from -? ( start to touch under she chin ) that 's very lovely .... where it come from .... ivy quickly pick up she glass , to interfere with he gesture . ivy well - good - good luck , sir . hyde I make my own luck , my dear -- ( lift he glass to she ) and tonight I follow the rainbow .... ivy ( with a nervous laugh ) you do talk , do not you ? hyde ( lean closer to she ) we will follow it together , eh ? he hold she gaze for a second . then : ivy ( decisively ) I follow it right home , mister . ( continued ) 80 . 190 continued : ( 2 ) 190 hyde to what end , my dear ? that fetid stable you call home ? you - with you young radiance -- be happy live in that rat-trap ? ivy ( pertly ) what do you expect ? Buckingham Palace ? hyde throw back he head and laugh . hyde touche ' , my dear . I like that ! ivy ( suddenly ) here ! how do you know where I live ? hyde ( catch ) why , I -- ( then , easily ) I can only imagine . I will warrant you wage here will not afford you a mansion in kensington . ivy ( as he lean closer ) '' struth - they do not ! ( start to rise ) well , I must be off because -- hyde ( hold she arm ) why ? you act frighten of I , little ivy .... ( rise with she , still hold she arm - softly ) you must not be frighten of I .... ivy stare at he a second , almost in a spell because of he voice and touch . then , she suddenly wrench herself away . ivy ( as she do so ) I be not afraid of nobody - but leggo , you hear ? at this point , the first man who be at the bar , enter . he be quite tight and annoyed . he grab ivy 's other arm . 1st man what 's he doin ' , ivy ? ( continued ) 190 continued : 191 81 . ( 3 ) 190 ivy ( wrenching away from he also ) and you leggo , too : as she duck out of the box , she bump into the second man at the bar , who have follow the first . the latter be quite drunk . 2nd man hey ! what 's all this about ? hyde ( point to first man ) he insulted the poor child ! he maul she ! 1st man do not listen to -- 2 nd man ( eyeing first ) he do , eh? hyde you see he -- he nearly break she wrist ! we be sit here have a - for answer the second man swing on the first and knock he over the rail of the box and onto a table , beneath where sit four or five man and a couple of girl . the place go in a uproar . 2nd man ( lean over rail , to first ) you will , eh ? hyde 's eye light up at the fraca . he shove the second man over the low rail with a lightning movement , and stand laugh at the turmoil below . full shot - fight 191 it start as one of the man swing on the first who have fall . ad lib here ! what 's the idea ? give it to he , Fred ! wh're you shovin ' ? let he have it ! you take that one ! etc . the fight become general in the area below hyde 's box , as he watch gleefully . woman scream . glass and bottle crash . 192 193 194 82. close shot - hyde 192 he jump up and down at the rail , watch the fight like a animal , gleefully giggle as he see the heavy punch and fall . at one point a man be back up against the rail . hyde put he foot through and kick he sprawling . pan shot - manager 193 the fat little man come hurry into the fight , elbow he way through . manager ( call over he shoulder ) Fred - Joe -! ( to fight crowd ) here , here now - stop this ! I will stop it ! as he come abreast of hyde , hyde 's eye gleam as he spy the manager 's . then , with elaborate but quick prankishness , hyde use he stick like a billiard cue , shoot it on the rail , let the manager have it right in the side of the eye , then jump up and down with laughter as the manager go down , and we - dissolve to : two shot - int . manager' office 194 the manager be apply a cold towel and a piece of raw meat to he eye which be quite puffed . in the b.g. through the door , we see the activity of the place . hyde watch he . manager .. frightful . we run a very orderly hall here . I do not understand what happen . hyde ir 's that girl , ivy ... that barmaid . Girls like that always cause trouble . you should discharge she . manager ( surprised ) ivy ? why , no ! she bring half the customer in here -- hyde I say discharge she ! ( continued ) 194 195 83 . continued : 194 as the manager look , hyde take a sheaf of bill from he wallet , and throw they on the desk . the manager pick they up , look at hyde . manager hm ? five pound ? why - why - yes - yes - I think you be quite right , sir . trouble -maker , that 's what she be . out she go , sir . hyde ( start to go ) at once , you hear ? manager oh , yes , sir . hyde go out , as the manager look after he , guiltily put the money in he pocket , as we dissolve to : close shot - cab - ext . palace of varietie - later 195 hyde be sit in the cab , stare 0.s. like a gnome , wait . his eye light up , as we hear ivy and the manager 's voice o.s. we pan over to where ivy be leave the stage door of the place and yell back at the manager in the b.g . ivy who you pushin ' ? manager well , do not hang about here ! ivy who 's hangin ' about ? manager then be off ! ivy good riddance ! he slam the door in she face and she come toward the camera , flouncing she indignation . as she get opposite the cab , hyde step out and confront she . hyde ( solicitously ) I be afraid there would be trouble , little ivy ... ( continued ) 195 continued : 84 . 195 ivy ( flaring up at he ) trouble ? I be sack , that 's what - ! hyde I know . that 's why I wait . I want to help you , my dear . ivy you do enough . it be on account of you ! you start that row ! hyde ha ! a volcano inside - always ready to flare up . I like that . ( in the meantime he have take out wallet and put a wad of note in she hand ) there now - to show my heart . we will get along , you and I ! ( guide she to cab and help she in ) the rainbow be wide and long , little ivy .... ivy allow he to do this , fascinate as much by he easy manner as 196 full shot by the sudden wealth in she hand . - int . cab 196 ivy get in , follow quickly by hyde , who shut the door . but ivy now feel imprison as hyde sit close to she . she start to rise , undecided , as though to get out . ivy now , wait . half a mo ' , mister -- hyde ( quickly , hold she on seat ) no , no ... you do not belong in there , anyhow -- serve cheap gin to cattle ! you should be in a quiet , hide palace - sing the ancient song of pleasure -- and surround by rare perfume and jewel -- a life that would put a queen of Babylon to shame --! ( continued ) 196 continued : she try 85 . 196 ivy ( fascinate more , but doubtful ) g'arn -- who do you think you be kiddin' ? hyde I mean it , my dear ! from the moment I see you , I -- ivy ( practical ) and how be I go to get all that ? hyde ( patting she hand - still hold money ) with this ! more and more of this . it be print just for you --! ( he laugh wildly , and she pull away from he a little - he feel this ) oh , do not let my look frighten you , little ivy -! ivy ( study he ) well , you be not a museum piece , exactly ..... hyde ( enfold she ) no , not my face - but you will forget that soon enough .... ( he move toward she ) she suddenly decide against it all . ivy ( try to get away ) no ! it 's a rum go . that 's what it be ! let I out ! to thrust he away . hyde ( become vicious instantly ) do you think I would let you go now that I have get you ? you think I would throw away food after famine ? ( continued ) 86 . 196 continued : ( 2 ) 196 ivy ( unable to take she eye from he , ina small voice ) D - do not - you be hurt I ... hyde ( grin evilly ) I would not hurt you because I love you - because I be happy loving you - ( with a chuckle ) we be go to whirl away - ina burst of blind darkness -- be not we , little moonbeam ? ivy ( a mouse before a cobra ) I - I - do not know what you be talk about - hyde ( imitate she ina baby - talk voice ) oh ! she do not know what I be talkin ' about ! 197 close shot - hyde's face 197 it start to come closer toward the camera hyde ( in a throaty low whisper ) but you will find out ... oh yes -- you will find out ... his face move right into the camera with a awful leer , as we fade out : fade in : 198 close shot - beatrix' face 198 she be wear a puzzle frown . we pull back to find she seat on the terrace at a table with Sir Charles outside of the " pump room " at aix Les bain . Sir Charles be open some letter . in the b.g. , other at other table be read newly - arrive mail . beatrix turn the page of she letter . 87 . 198a close shot - page of letter 198a 199 200 201 " so you letter be forward to I here at the Conference . I cannot imagine why you have not hear from Harry , but when I get back to London I shall immediately look he up and -- " two shot - beatrix and sir charle 199 sir charle ( open another letter ) hmph ! fellow and Smith . probably the market 's tumble . ( then , as he glance at letter ) no ! it 's up . by gad ! ( then over to beatrix , in a fine mood ) well , what 's you good news , my dear . what do Harry say this morning ? casually , beatrix tip the copy of the Times . so that it stand on she lap against the table . beatrix oh , nothing much .... close shot - column of time - 200 it be a letter . it begins : to the editor of the Times : - I recently walk through the West end of London . I have never see such deplorable housing condition in all my life . surely , -- sir charle ' voice ( with a chuckle ) oh , come now - nothing about want to know when you be come home ? oh , no - I will wager not ! two shot - beatrix and sir charle 201 he be glance over at she chidingly . beatrix ( try to be bright ) he say he walk through the West end recently .... ( read ) I have never see such deplorable housing condition surely , the City Council should find fund to -- ( more ) ( continued ) 201 continued : she try 88 . 201 beatrix ( cont 'd ) ( stop read ) well , he just go on to say about the condition . they must be pretty dreadful . sir charle hmp ! I like the sound of that . he 's get he mind on practical problem . yes , the Council should do something about it - ( stop as he see tear in she eye ) here , here - my dear - what 's wrong ? beatrix ( quickly collect herself ) nothing . I - I guess I be just not terribly interested in housing condition .... at the moment . for control with a little laugh . sir charle you mean because a man do not cover the page with sentimental drivel ? nonsense - ( pat she hand , gently ) you woman should learn to read between the line ... ( pick up another letter - half to himself ) yes . I like the tone of that letter . perhaps we will not have to stay away as long as I think .... beatrix turn and look at he with joyful expectance , as we dolly to a close shot of her , a dissolve to : 202 89 . close shot - ivy - int . new apartment 202 she be a different ivy than we last see . she seem to be down , dull , beat , some of she native young impudence and freshness go . she be play a game of solitaire . she make a move , and wince a little , feel she shoulder , then play on dully , as we draw back to show she new surroundings , a rather rich , gaudy and heavy parlor of the period . in the b.g. beyond fold door throw open , be the bedroom and dress table . as we swing around we see the front door on a landing and then a few step with rail descend into the parlor . the door open and ivy jump up quickly , stiffening , then relax and try to cover up as a older girl ina peignoir and slipper come in . ivy ( sit down ) oh , hello , marcia . marcia ( come down step ) just step down the hall for a chin-chin ... ( sit down opposite ivy as we dolly in eyeing she , witha casual drawl ) you jump as though you sit on a hot stove . ivy ( with a nervous laugh ) it 's I nerve , I suppose . ( to change subject ) want to play ? marcia ( pick up another deck and shuffles , as ivy sweep hers up and do the same ) oh , I say - ( lay out she card ) my freddie 's get a young brother . just down from Oxford . a nice boy , freddie say , and he would like to have he meet a nice girl . how about it ? ivy ( quickly , see marcia 's motive ) no , marcia - no - you know I be not in any position to -- ( continued ) 90 . 202 continued : 202 marcia ( come right to the point ) I do not know what 's wrong with you ! a smart , pretty young girl - witha goblin like this hyde ! of all the -- ivy ( try to pass it off why , now - look be not everything - you see -- marcia ( pile it on ) sitting here wait for he all the time - like in a cage ! come on out with freddie and I and the kid . we will go to the Empire and the alhambra - where all the toff go - where everybody 's laughin ' and gay --! ivy oh , I would like that - straight , I would . but - but I can not , marcia . I -- marcia ( rise , go around to she ) you can not because you be afraid of he - that 's why ! ivy ( very unconvincing ) I - I be not afraid of nobody ....! marcia ( pull kimona off ivy 's arm - vehement against hyde , indicate bruise ) this be the diamond bracelet he give you , I suppose ? why if ever a man dare to lay a hand to I like that I would -- but they both turn quickly as the door open o.s . ivy rise in panic . marcia 's jaw stiffen . she still hold the pack of card in she hand . 203 close shot - hyde 203 he stand there a second in the open door , smile he evil smile at they . g 1. 203a close shot - marcia and ivy 203a marcia slowly let ivy 's sleeve down and walk back around the other side of the table . her defiance dwindle . ivy stand terrify . 203b pan shot - hyde 203b he close the door and come down the step into the room . he take off he hat and glove and cape . he slowly walk over and confront the two girl . he look marcia up and down . hyde and who be we out - speak visitor ? ivy it 's marcia , sir - my friend - you have hear I speak about . we - we be just play a - hyde ah , yes - marcia . you know , marcia , I have never be interested in you in the slight - until now ... marcia ( try to be calm ) well - I have get to be toddle , I guess ... hyde oh , no . this could be interesting -- the three of we . discuss friendly detail ... marcia ( back away ) I will - I will drop by again , ivy . she go to foot of stair for she wrap . 203c reverse shot - at stair 203c hyde follow marcia and help she on with she wrap . hyde but you must come when I be here , marcia . you point of view differ from mine . it would be a delicious thrill to change it . ( over he shoulder ) ivy find it that way - do not we , my dear ? ( continued ) 203c 203d 203e 203f 2036 203h continued : ivy in b.g. say nothing . hyde feel marcia 's shoulder . put on she wrap . hyde ( continue ) what nice material ... marcia quickly pull away and ascend the stair . marcia good - goodbye , ivy . ivy Goodbye . marcia turn , give a second look at hyde , hurry out . close shot - hyde he look after marcia . hyde ( chuckle softly ) quite nice material .... then he turn and look o.s. at ivy . close shot - ivy 92 . 203c he 203d 203e she stand freeze by the table , scared by he look now that they be leave alone . close shot - hyde 203f he soften into a demon-sweet tenderness . we pan he over to decanter on the side console , where he pour himself a straight drink during the follow conversation : hyde ( as he go to side console ) marcia be a pretty girl , be not she ? close shot - ivy ivy oh , yes , sir . close shot - hyde hyde ( as he pour drink ) that 's why you be scared , be not it ? 2036 203h 93. 203j close shot - ivy 2033 she be confuse . ivy why , no , sir - I - 203k close shot - hyde 203 k he be look in mirror now , hold he drink in one hand , smoothing he hair and tie with the other . ivy can be see in mirror in back of he . hyde you be afraid I will become interested in marcia , be not you ? ivy ( quickly ) oh , no , sir - if you want to - why - ( she stop as hyde turn quickly - we can not see he face - then , she expression very strain ) oh , yes , sir - of course , sir : 203l pan shot - hyde 203l he throw down the drink and we pan he over to the table where ivy be stand . hyde what ? you be not very clear . ivy well , sir - I - hyde ( stroking she shoulder ) poor child . I be such a tease , be not I ? such a tease .... ivy yes , sir . hyde ( with a pleasurable sigh ) - start eat grape from bowl ) what a lucky man - to be love this way . he sit down on the table , put grape after grape into he mouth and snick the skin across the room at random . ( continued ) 94 . 203l continued : 203l hyde but , my dear - suppose I do have to leave you for awhile ? 203m two shot - different angle 203m ivy sit down at the table again , she face avert from hyde at this question , and start to put the card together with tremble hand . ivy ( try to hide she hope ) leave , sir ? when ? hyde I be not say when . I just say suppose . ivy why , sir - I - hyde suppose I have to take a trip from time to time ? ivy ( unable to keep from look at he with great expectance ) you mean - soon , sir ? hyde ( let she hang on eagerly ) well , let I see ... ( gently - touch she cheek ) oh - to - to - you must not look so worried . it will not be for a long , long time . ivy ( dully ) oh ... I see , sir . hyde so we will not think about it now , will we ? ivy N - no , sir . ( continued ) 203m 204 205 205 a 205 B 205c 95 . continued : hyde but when I do - it will break you heart . wo not it ? ivy oh , yes , sir . hyde ( with a chuckle ) it will be a knife in you heart . wo not it ? on this , he snick a grape skin right into the curly hair about she temple . it stick there . she try to laugh , as she pick it out . then she quickly get up and exit from scene , take card with she as hyde watch she . close shot - ivy as she come to a cabinet and start to put card away , stay there to re-arrange thing just for something to do . close shot - hyde he watch she , smile , swinging one leg as he sit on the table , munch more grape . hyde and what would my little cherub like to do this evening ? close shot - ivy she turn - a plea in she eye . ivy oh , sir ! could we go out , sir ? close shot - hyde hyde out ? you mean - gat about a bit ? see the sight ? pan shot - ivy she come over to he , hopeful of sell he the idea . ivy oh , yes , sir . you would like it , would not you , sir ? hyde well , now , that might be very pleasant - yes - let 's see - where shall we go ? ( continued ) 203m 204 205 205 a 205 B 205c 205c continued : 96 . 205c ivy oh , they say the alhambra and such place be ever so nice . hyde they do ? who do ? ivy well , marcia , sir . she say it 's ever so gay . hyde be that so ? ivy yes , sir . we can go , can not we , sir ? they say the entertainment be ever such fun . and I - well , I have not be out in so long , I - hyde you be get somewhat pale , my dear ... ivy it 's true , sir . not that I be complain ing , you understand - but - hyde ( gently ) oh , I know . you be just jumpy - nervous - that 's it . ivy yes , sir . I - hyde you have that - that coope - up feel ... ivy oh , yes , sir . you do understand , do not you ? then we will -? hyde ( with a sudden idea ) I know ! what about Albert Hall ? to a symphony , perhaps ? ivy ( puzzle ) symphony , sir ? ( continued ) 205c continued : he smile 97 . ( 2 ) 205c hyde ( with scorn ) yes - where all the toff go - when they be respectable . when they would rather tell a girl she garter 's too tight than to say what 's really in they thought -! ivy ( a little crestfallen ) well , sir - I sort of hope we could - ( stop , look at he a little puzzle as the word " garter " ring in she past unconscious mind ) what make you say -? hyde ( quickly - gaily ) so you want to go out , eh ? ivy ( think this he assent ) oh , yes , sir ! I will go put on my thing and -! hyde ( sweetly ) we be not go ! ivy ( turn back to he ) Sir -? hyde ( mimick she ) because the entertainment be ever so gay and nice right here ! at she evilly , chuckle a little . she turn away with a sudden desperate gesture , put both hand over she brow . hyde ( gently ) now we have get to think of what we will do , do not we ? ( as she say nothing ) let 's see shall we play card ? no , you be probably tired of card -- ( more ) ( continued ) 205c continued : ivy turn break . 98 . ( 3 ) 205c hyde ( cont 'd ) ( as she still stand , she face cover ) you could read to I , could not you ? milton 's paradise lose would be nice - but we have not the book here - and you do not know it from memory , do you ? ( suddenly ) oh ! I know . you remember what we like ! ( lean over toward she softly ) sing to I ... slowly . her eye widen in horror . she start to ivy ( with a sudden sob ) oh , no - please , sir - not that -! hyde not in good voice -? ivy it be not that , sir . it - hyde ( in sweet reproof ) why ! it 's such a pretty song ! ivy ( wring she hand , start to sob ) oh , please , sir - not tonight ! hyde sing it gaily ! ivy I - I can not - truly -! hyde ( he tempo accelerate ) then softly - with compassion ... ivy please , sir - if you will just do I the favor - hyde with loving kindness even ... ( continued ) 99 . 205c continued : ( 4 ) 205 C ivy ( sobbing more - terrify now ) do not ask I to - please , sir -! hyde then moodily . that 's it - with deep mood ! ivy oh , sir - whatever you like - but for the love of -! with a lightning - like movement , he gentle taunting turn to a fierce , vicious command as he pinch she chin between he thumb and fore-finger . his eye widen in fury . hyde I say sing ! ivy ( with almost a scream ) but , sir -! hyde sing it ! you hear I ? ivy slowly nod , look about a little hysterically , back away a little , as if to a accustom position before he , and pathetically , between sob , start to sing a version of Champagne Charlie in which she substitute the word " Champagne ivy be my name ... " 205d close shot - hyde 205d he lean forward on the table , watch she with horrible , rise satisfaction , sway slightly to the music . hyde that 's it ! smile when you sing ! be gay ! be happy ! 205e close shot - ivy 205e as she sing , not look at he , but everywhere else in the room that she can . as she finish she just stand there and sob . 205f two shot - hyde and ivy 205f hyde ( as she finish ) bravo ! bravo ! a prima donna be bear ! ( more ) ( continued ) 100 . 205f continued : 205 F 206 207 208 hyde ( cont 'd ) let 's draw she carriage through the street ! let 's shower she with orchid ! with this he pick up a bunch of grape and throw they at she . they smash against she breast , leave a huge smear . he leap over at she , as we dolly in close . his voice be now low and rampant with desire , as he enfold she in he arm . hyde congratulation , my dear !... the world be yours ! the moment be mine -! she try to pull away from he , but he pull she in to he savagely , and kiss she . she all but faint under it , and wilt in he arm , she whole body sagging . he look down at she , pull she arm about he neck , lift she up , with a look 0.s. , as we fade out : out . 206 full shot - ext . back door of lab - night 207 hyde hurry into scene as we dolly in . he look leave and right , [ ... ] , then unlook the door and duck in . full shot - int . lab 208 hyde light gas lamp , then take off he cape and hat , then quickly go to [ ... ] , pick out a vial , come to table and pour content into a glass . he look about crazily for a second , then drink it . he get the same violent reaction as from the " outward " phase . he writhes , grip table , etc. , but the change be much quick than when he change to hyde . now , before we eye , he become Dr. jekyll . he seem sagging , spend . he go quickly to the mirror and look at himself , as we dolly in . he peer at , feel , he face anxiously , then look at he hand . then he look at himself in disgust , and cover he face with he hand . he pace about a bit , silently berate himself , he lip move , he fist pound the table . he take the back - door key out of he pocket , look at it , then over at the back -door . he make a firm decision , go quickly to a small gas smelter , light it , put ina chunk of lead , hold the key in he hand , wait . suddenly , there be a knock on the door , o.s. , from house . poole's voice Dr. jekyll , sir ? jekyll oh - just a moment , poole . ( continued ) 208 101 . continued : 208 he hurry up the stair , unlock the front door , and poole follow he down stair . poole have dress only in trousers , coat and slipper . poole ( relieved ) I see the light . I be so glad you be back , Dr. jekyll . I be worried , sir . you will pardon my appearance . jekyll I be call on a emergency . I stay at the house . poole yes , sir . oh , Dr. lanyon call twice today , sir - he say to tell you that miss beatrix and she father arrive home in the morning , sir . jekyll ( start ) in the morning ? poole yes , sir . ( smile , kindly ) I be sure you would wish to know , sir . jekyll ( joy mix with anxiety ) yes ... thank you , poole ... thank you . poole could I fix you a bite of -? jekyll ( quickly ) no .... nothing , thank you ... nothing ... poole ( start upstairs ) very good , sir . jekyll oh , poole - first thing tomorrow I want you to get I a special messenger from the district office . I will give he a envelope to deliver . poole ( go out door ) yes , sir . goodnight , sir . ( continued ) 102 . 208 continued : ( 2 ) 208 jekyll goodnight , poole ... we dolly into jekyll as he walk to the smelter . it be now molten hot and reflect on he face . he take the key and drop it into the boil lead . 209 insert - key 209 dissolve into the molten lead . jekyll watch it . a great relief come over he , and he close he eye , lift he head , as we fade out . fade in : 210 group shot - int . ivy' parlor - day 210 marcia be administer to ivy 's bruise on she shoulder . ivy be sobbing , angry and scared . freddie , marcia 's gentleman friend , stand by quite aghast . marcia ( shaking she head ) '' mmm - this be a bad one . ivy ( wince , between the sobbing ) he 's a beast , he be -- a dirty beast -- freddie rotten shame . why do not you run away from the filthy beggar ? ivy what 's the use ? I try that once . he find I and -- why he would kill I if I try it again ! only last night he -- 211 but she stop ... 211 ... terrify , and they all look toward the door as there be a knock on it . marcia ( brace herself ) who be it ? messenger's voice special messenger - for miss ivy pearson . ( continued ) 211 103 . continued : marcia ( to freddie ) get it , freddie . freddie nod and we pan he up the step to the door , which he open , show messenger . Latter hand he the envelope . freddie any answer ? messenger no , guv 'nor . freddie give the messenger a coin , and come down , hand the envelope to ivy . she open it , as they watch . she pull out a sheaf of bank note . ivy ( in wonder ) look here -! marcia ( pick up and count note ) I say ! fifty pound . ( look in envelope ) but there 's no letter with it . this from he ...? freddie the blighter must have send it for what he 's do . ivy not he - the rotten skinflint - and he do not care nohow ... marcia ( find a solution , practical ) well - no matter who send it , it 's here . and it 's more than enough to get you out of the country . freddie jolly good idea ! I have get a friend in Paris who will be only too glad to -- ivy ( jump up suddenly , a little wildly ) no , no ! do not you see ? it 's a trick - one of he horrible cat - and - mouse trick - just to torture I ! ( more ) ( continued ) 211 211 continued : 104 , ( 2 ) 211 ivy ( cont 'd ) ( start pace floor , hold side of she head with both hand ) that 's what he hope I will do - use it to run away . I can just see he pig eye thinkin ' it up . he will let I think I have almost get free and then - you do not know he , I tell you ! I can not stand it any more , I can not ! if I only could do it I would go down to the river and --! ( slump down in chair again and sob ) marcia it 's she nerve , that 's what . she ought to see a doctor . freddie she ought to see one of thos mental feller . I know a feller who cure the mater of the vapor or something . I will go and get the address . dissolve to : 212 close shot - jekyll and beatrix - int . her drawing room 212 beatrix and jekyll be seat on a couch . they be hold hand . he cry . can not take he eye from she . beatrix have be beatrix ... but you should have write I . I should be the first to know when you be ill . if I would know you be that ill I would have come home at once . jekyll but , bee darling - do not you see ? I know that and I - I do not know what to say . I do not want to worry you ... beatrix wipe away a last tear , and then put she hand on he cheek . beatrix oh , my poor lamb - you face look so draw ... jekyll recapture she hand . ( continued ) 212 continued : they kiss , they hear 105 . 212 jekyll ( a little anxiously ) but when you look in my eye - you see what you have always see , do not you ? beatrix ( softly , smile ) yes ... I carry that look all over the continent - lock up inside of I . jekyll ( almost like a vow ) it will always be there - always .... ( then , enfold she in he arm ) oh , that 's what I want to hear ! and now that you be back , I will never let you go again . we have get to be marry right away , bee . I can not -- I can not wait all this time ... beatrix ( gently , pleased by he ardor ) such a wonderful part of love -- to be need that much ... jekyll ( seriously ) need you ? I need you more than - ( break off , pass hand over he brow ) while you have be go - it 's be - beatrix ( ecstatically ) but it 's all right now . no more goodbye 's for you and I - ever - jekyll ( with a excited laugh ) that 's it ! just hellos ! beatrix ever and ever . hello , Dr. jekyll . jekyll oh , bee -- and then he hold she close . then they turn as a door close o.s. ( continued ) 106 . 212 continued : ( 2 ) 212 sir charle ' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cheery ) where 's my daughter , hobson ? hobson's voice ( 0.s. ) in the draw room , sir . beatrix and jekyll rise , beatrix retain he hand and we pan they across the room as they meet Sir Charles enter . sir charle ( extend he hand ) ah ! well , well , Harry .... jekyll ( as they shake hand ) I hope I be welcome again , sir . sir charle can not think of any reason why you should not be . how have you be ? beatrix read I some of you letter . interesting . beatrix Father , Harry will not admit it . but because he be so upset , he 's be very ill while we be away - sir charle oh , I be sorry , my boy - feel fit again ? jekyll ( grin ) with bee back , sir ? well ! beatrix ( bluntly but calmly ) and this lead I to speak very plainly , Father . it 's in my heart - and I must say it . I want to be marry just as soon as possible . sir charle now , my dear - you know I say that - beatrix Father , I respect you more than any girl could . but Harry and I - we have wait so long . and if you do not consent , I will go away with he . I mean it this time . that 's how much Harry and I be in love , Father ... I would even hurt you to safeguard it . ( continued ) 107 . 212 continued : ( 3 ) 212 sir charle ( hardly believe he ear ) beatrix ...! jekyll ( impulsively ) I swear , sir - you will never have any regret . beatrix it 's my whole life , Father . do not make I hurt you ! be not my happiness reason enough ? sir charle ( after quite a pause , gently ) you happiness be my life , my dear . ( with 's smile , hold out he arm ) all right . next month it shall be . beatrix go into he arm with a glad cry . Sir Charles hold she a second , try to hide a tear . he extend a hand to jekyll . sir charle come to dinner tomorrow , eh , Harry ? I should like to make a formal announcement to we friend . jekyll ( wring he hand , inarticulate ) oh , yes , sir - thank you , sir - thank you -! dissolve to : 213 full shot - foyer - int . jekyll' house 213 jekyll be come in , by he key . jekyll ( call , as he do so ) poole - poole -! poole ( hurry in ) oh , yes sir ! ( continued ) 108 . 213 continued : 213 jekyll poole - look at I - I be delirious -! poole what , sir ? jekyll ( fling he he cape ) I should be put in a straight - jacket , poole ! before I make everybody envious ! ( put he hat on poole 's head ) but instead I crown you King of the gypsy - because you shall be the first to know ! I be go to be marry , poole . poole ( he face lighting up ) oh , splendid , sir . when , sir ? jekyll next month ! next month she will be in this very house - Mrs. Henry jekyll ! and the wall will turn to cloud bank - and you will be take you order from a angel ! poole ( remove hat ) I be so very glad , sir . jekyll ( as we pan he to side door ) I must get the call list from the consulting room . you can take it to Sir Charles . he want it for the invitation . poole ( follow he ) there 's a patient here , sir - without appointment . jekyll open the door to the consulting room . 214 full shot - int . consulting room 214 jekyll stop full in he track , as he see ivy sit there . she rise from the chair , she strain and worried expression change to child - like pleasure and surprise at see he . ( continued ) 214 continued : 109 . 214 ivy why - why it 's you , sir ! poole ( behind jekyll , in explanation ) this be miss pierson , sir . jekyll ( strain ) yes ... yes , poole . I will give you the list later . poole very good , sir . he bow out . ivy come slowly toward he . ivy so you be the famous Dr. jekyll ? now , who would have think we would meet again like this ? ( watch he as he make no answer ) I be the one you and you friend take home that night - remember , sir ? jekyll ( nail , but strive for calm ) why - oh , yes - yes , of course .. ivy oh , I be so glad it 's you , sir ! you be so kind and good to I that night ! maybe you can -- jekyll what - ah - what bring you here , miss pierson ? ivy be remind of she plight . with a little sobbing murmur she pull shoulder , and mark . off she coat and slip she shirtwaist off she bare it to he and display streak of welt ivy there , sir ! that 's what ! look at that ! ( more ) ( continued ) 110 . 214 continued : ( 2 ) 214 ivy ( cont 'd ) ( as jekyll make no answer , only stare with hypnotize horror at the shoulder ) pretty , be not it ? do you ever see a thing like that before , sir ? jekyll it 's - it 's horrible ... ( then collect himself , start for desk ) I will give you some lotion to soothe that . but ivy stop he quickly . she begin to break down more . ivy lotion ! it will not be lotion ' 1ll do the trick , sir ! no ! it 's more than that , sir . I need help , I do ! I can not stand it any more ! ( as jekyll can only look at she ) it 's hyde , sir - a man I know - Mr. hyde , sir ! it 's he as do it , and more I can not tell you , sir . he be not human , he be not . he 's a beast ! he will not let I go , sir ! and I be afraid to - I be afraid to run away .... during this he have slump down on arm of chair . she continue to explain . ivy marcia - she 's my girl friend - and freddie , Mr. willoughby - he 's she friend ... they say it 's my nerve - and they say as how you know about such thing and could help I , sir . ( then sink down on she knee , cling to he ) but , oh sir - I can not bear up no more under it , sir . if - if you can do nothing for I , then give I some poison so I can kill myself .... she break down completely now and sob on he lap . ( continued ) 214 continued : 111 . ( 3 ) 214 jekyll ( in agony - but guard , too ) why do not you seek help before ? why do not you go to the police ? ivy ( look up at he ) I tell you I be afraid , sir ! you do not know he , sir . a nice fine gentleman like yourself would not be meeting such a person ! he be not a man - he 's a devil ! he know what you be think about , he do ! why , if he know I have be here today , I do not know what he will do . it will not be nothin ' human , I can tell you ! oh , please , sir - please help I . keep he off -! ( in a lower voice , hastily - plead ) I will do anything you ask , sir - I be not as bad as you might think - and - and man say as I be not a bad looker when I be more myself . you - you like I once a little , do not you , sir ? and you be really such a fine kind gentleman - honest - that night you walk out of my place , I laugh at you - but I do not laugh after you would go ... ( avert she head , put she cheek on he knee ) I keep wishin ' you would come back - truly , I do ... for a moment , jekyll stare at she head . and for a flash second , he seem as though he be about to lean over and embrace she with the strange look of hyde battle for supremacy lift she in he expression . then he contain himself and up , as he stand too . jekyll I - I give you my word that you will never be troubled by this man hyde again . ivy ( sobbing anew ) but - but how do you know , sir ? he will come back ! he will come back and kill I , sir ! ( continued ) 112. 214 continued : ( 4 ) 214 215 216 jekyll he will not come back . I will see to it . ivy but you do not know he , sir . he be not human , he be not ! jekyll ( very strong ) I have give you my word - and that I never break . you will not see hyde again ! ( pause , as she look at he ) you must believe I . ivy ( fully convinced ) I believe you , sir . I believe you . jekyll you - you must go now . ivy yes , sir . yes , sir ..... yes , sir . she put on she coat and go to the door , then turn . close shot - ivy - at door 215 she look at jekyll o.s. , puzzle . ivy it 's funny - but for a moment I think - ( then she stop ) well ... goodbye , sir . she exit . close shot - jekyll 216 he react to she statement . we pan he to the mirror where he examine he face , as we fade out : ( continued ) 216 217 218 113. continued : 216 fade in : full shot - regent's park - early evening 217 it be still light , the shadow long . the bird be twitter . in the far b.g. , through the tree , we see sheep dotting the greensward . dissolve to : full shot - park entrance 218 Mr. weller , the Park keeper , be idling about the entrance as jekyll come gaily into the Park . jekyll be dress for the evening , in tail , cape , silk hat and stick . jekyll ( hail he gaily ) Mr. weller , Mr. weller - good evening ! the Park keeper fall in beside he as we truck with they . park keeper Dr. jekyll ! the day keep beautifully long this time of the year . jekyll beautiful - wonderful ! how 's little Annie 's cough ? paak keeper the medicine you give she do the trick . she 's only whoope twice in a week ! jekyll splendid , splendid ! park keeper ( look jekyll up and down ) you look much brighter yourself , sir - beggin ' you pardon . we hold as jekyll stop and turn to the Park keeper . ( continued ) 218 219 220 114 . continued : jekyll ( indicate with stick ) Mr. weller - across the park , in Sir Charles Emery 's house - be a beautifully set dinner table . in exactly two hour - somewhere between the beautiful smoke salmon and the beautiful camembert cheese - Sir Charles will arise and beautifully announce the come marriage of myself to the most beautiful girl in this beautiful world ! park keeper ( grab he hand , pump it ) Dr. jekyll - my congratulation ! and all the best to Mrs. jekyll as be to be . jekyll from you , Mr. weller - that 's a omen for happiness . ( hand on Mr. weller 's shoulder , in a whisper ) you do not blame I if I hurry ? park keeper ( call after he ) God speed , Dr. jekyll ! jekyll thank you , Mr. woller ! he exit o.s. , as Mr. weller beam after he . full shot - park - jekyll he walk through a lovely set , happily swinging he cane . trucking shot - jekyll he walk along , smile to himself . he start to whistle . he be whistling " Champagne Charlie " ! he whistle it with great volume and vehemence . he suddenly realize what he be whistling and stop it , a shadow crossing he face . then he smile again , start whistling " drink to I only with thine eye " , but before he realize it , he be whistling " Champagne Charlie " again . he stop short in he track , as he realize this . his hand pass over he brow . he try to walk on , straighten he shoulder . he seem to feel faint . he look about , a little confuse , and we pan he as he go to a round bench under a tree and sit down . 218 219 220 221 222 115 . close shot - jekyll - on bench 221 he seem to be try to get he breath . he ring he finger around the edge of he collar . then he contort a little . his face suddenly become strain and panic-stricken . his hand go to he throat . his face start to contort more , the line deepen . with horror , he glance go to he hand . we pan down . his hand , clutching the bench , be turn more horribly grotesque than we have ever see it . we pan back up . jekyll be now near the change to hyde ! he look at he other hand . we pan down . it be the same as the other . we pan back up to he face . it be almost that of hyde . he be in convulsion . jekyll ( with a last desperate cry ) bee - bee , darling -! then the writhing and gasping , they course run quick than before . and suddenly , he be hyde ! he look about , craftily , viciously . a bird light on the bench beside he . he flail he cane at it . it fly away . he think a second , get he bearing in evil . then a think strike he . his eye glint . he start to sing " Champagne Charlie " ina horrible sing -song , sway manner , and suddenly he get up with a animal leap , and we pan he as he run leaping across the green into the b.g. , like a gorge buzzard racing for another piece of carrion , as we -- dissolve to : close shot - ivy - int . her parlor - night 222 she be quite tight , tipsily pour champagne into a glass , hum indistinctly to herself . then she get a idea and we pan her to mirror . she raise the glass . ivy ( with hatred ) here 's hope that hyde rot wherever he be - and burn slow when the time come ! ( then softly , passionately ) and here 's hope that Dr. jekyll think of he ivy - like I know he would like to ... like ivy think of he ... " cause he 's a angel . here 's to my angel ... her glass start for she lip , when suddenly the door open , reflect in the b.g. hyde stand there , stare at she . ivy turn with a gasp of horror and disbelief , drop the glass to the floor . 223 116 . pan shot - hyde 223 he come slowly down the stair , throw he hat and stick on a table , eyeing the freeze ivy all the while . he start across to she . hyde surprise ? ivy ( shocked to soberness ) why , sir - I - hyde it could not be that you do not expect to see I , could it ? ivy why , no , sir - I - I have be here waitin ' for you , sir . I - hyde but you be celebrate . what ? some new event - some change ? ivy no , sir - I just think I would - hyde ( fury start to win over sarcasm ) drink to calm you nerve , perhaps ? it 's you nerve , be not it ? should not you see a doctor ? ivy oh , no , sir . ( go to wine cooler ) would you like some wine , sir ? I will get another glass and -- hyde slap the bottle from she hand . hyde jekyll 's a good man . Dr. Henry jekyll -- ivy ( now very startle ) be - be he , sir ? but I do not need any -- hyde a gentleman , too - different than any man you might know . ( more ) ( continued ) 223 continued : 117 . 223 hyde ( cont 'd ) ( mimick ) " a nice fine gentleman like yourself would not be meeting such a person - " ( as ivy only stare at he ) " , , . I be not a bad looker when I be more myself ... " ( as she start to back away , he follow she ) he 's the sort of man you get down on you knee to , be not he ? -- a sweet , dear , pure man you could believe and trust ... ( suddenly grab she wrist viciously ) he 's a smug hypocritical coward , that 's what he be ! ivy you - you could not know Dr. jekyll -- know he intimately . I detest he intimately -- from he lofty brain to the sole of he virtuous foot . and you - hyde ( mimick ) " I will do anything you ask , sir - " ( snarling again ) well , you see the respectable fool ! clutch he halo and hold it straight , do not he ? ivy how - how would you know all that ? hyde why I know everything you say and everything you think . ivy then you - you must be truly somethin' - the devil himself , then ... because Dr. jekyll would not tell you . he be not the kind that would - hyde s-s-h ! would you keep a secret if I tell you ? promise ? ivy what -? ( continued ) 223 224 118 . continued : ( 2 ) 223 hyde I be Dr. jekyll . I be the angel you want to love and adore . ivy ( break away , back to wall ) no - no - hyde ( wag he finger at she - follow ) but you do not have to promise . because it 's such a beautiful secret that that who share it with I can not go on live . ivy what - what be you go to do ? hyde ( softly ) how do one usually stop a person from live ? he make a lunge at she , but she duck from under he , wrench away from he grasp and , scream , run across room , up the stair . hyde give a roar of glee and rage , leap over balustrade and intercept she , as we pan . we pan back as she run scream across the room , try to get toa window . hyde leap back and grab she as she reach divan . effect shot - shoot over divan 224 hyde grab she by the throat , bend she back . ivy ( wild in she terror ) no - please , sir - I will sing for you , I will - ( start sing ) " Champagne ivy be my name . Champagne ivy be -- " her voice choke off . hyde ( yell ) now ! now you have get what you have long for ! ( they start sink out of sight behind divan ) here - with you angel ! ( more ) ( continued ) 119 . 224 continued : 224 225 226 hyde ( cont 'd ) embrace in the wing of you angel ! ( as we hear ivy choke and gasp o.s . ) leda - love by she swan ..! after a second there be silence . hyde get up gasp . he look about , look back at form below frame , and then we pan as he pick up he hat and stick and start for the door . o.s. in the hall , we hear inaudible but grow murmur . full shot - upper hall and stair well 225 a elderly woman and she husband , and a couple of other tenant be look fearfully at ivy 's door . marcia and freddie , both in evening dress , be hurry up the stair . woman ( down to they ) somethin 's happen ! he 's latherin' the hide off she ! freddie ( to man above ) come on - we better pop in and stop it ! at this moment , hyde come out the door on the run , stop as he see they . man hey , you - what have you be -? he get no further as hyde brushes he aside with a roar , careen down the stair to freddie and marcia . woman stop he , the dirty -! freddie try to grapple with hyde , but hyde knock he down with a blow from he cane , and as we pan , leap over the balustrade with a laugh in time to avoid other tenant who come rush up the stair . in the b.g. , below , he duck out of the door . full pan shot - ext . STREET 226 hyde come out of the door , dart off down the street . a couple of passer - by turn around and look at he as he leave the sidewalk , duck across in front of a cab , hit the horse with he cane so that it rear and plunge , and then disappear around a corner . dissolve to : 227 228 229 230 120 . group shot - int . ivy' parlor 227 we be shoot over back of divan . marcia , freddie , and other tenant be look horrify down at a constable who be kneel over ivy 's body o.s. marcia , hard marcia , be sobbing . freddie have he handkerchief to a bloody temple . woman ( in awe ) he do she in ! how horrible ! constable ( rise ) this here 's the work of a friend ! marcia ( burst out ) it be that hyde do it , I tell you ! the constable turn , jump to the window , open it , start blow he whistle vigorously . dissolve to : full shot - ext . back jekyll' lab . 228 hyde hurry into scene , look about with triumphant little chuckle , as he fumble in he pocket for the key . we dolly in . then hyde realize he have destroy the key . he try the heavy door with he shoulder , try again . he give up , look around , then we pan he as he dart along sidewalk to corner , turn , and disappear . full shot - at front corner 229 hyde come run from back corner full tilt , and we pan he , after he peer around front corner of he house , along front of house to entrance and the door , in far b.g. close shot - at front door - hyde 230 he pull out the wire plunger bell , frantically , then bang the heavy brass knocker on the door . he fly into a flurry of animal rage in he impatience . then the door open about a foot , hold in that position by the heavy safety chain stretch from jamb to door on the inside , and poole 's startle face peer out . he withdraw a little at the man he see . hyde come - open up , you fool ! I 'ma friend of Dr. jekyll ! ( continued ) 121. 230 continued : 230 231 232 poole d-d- Doctor jekyll be not at home , sir ... poole try to close door but hyde push he foot in , wedge it open . hyde well , that do not make any -! ( then recover ) what difference do that make ? he expect I ! he tell I to wait for he , you idiot ! let I in ! poole ( firmly ) I know all of Dr. jekyll 's friend -! hyde now look here - I will have no insolent talk like - poole you will have to come back later . hyde you open up or I will bash this door in ! poole if you do not go away , I will send for the police ! as he say this , he stamp on hyde 's foot . hyde withdraw it , allow poole to slam the door close . then with a inarticulate growl , hyde look about he for something . we pan down and up with he , as with superhuman strength , he wrench a foot scraper embed in the brick stoop . he be just about to use it to jimmy open the door between the handle and the jamb , when he do a " double take " and look o.s . long shot - bobbie - hyde's angle 231 Far down at the corner , he be just emerge into view , strolling along the street at right angle to hyde . he stop and lean against a light post , fold he arm for a rest . back to hyde 232 he realize he plan be futile . he softly lower the foot scraper , tiptoe o.s. 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 122. full pan shot - hyde 233 he scurries out from entrance to he house , and down the street away from the bobbie . dissolve to : full shot - cheap commercial section - STREET 234 the street be empty . in the far background , across the street , we see the skulking figure of hyde , look in the various shop as he hurry along . close pan shot - hyde 235 he seem to be search for a certain shop , pass a butcher 's , a shoemaker 's , a wine shop , a plumbing shop , notion store , etc. , peer into each with a sort of desperation . finally , o.s. ahead of he , he see what he want . his face light up . he be just about to start for it , when he look down the street o.s. , from where we hear the sound of trot hoof . he duck into a dark recess , watch . pan shot - he angle - two mounted bobbies 236 they trot down the street , look this way and that . back to hyde 237 he watch they o.s. , as the sound of they horse ' hoof disappear . then we dolly and pan he as he hurry a few pace down the black street until he come opposite a store window which read : " grundy & Co. stationery supplies " . he peer in the window . close shot - hyde be angle - stationery , ink and pens . 238 they be on display . back to hyde 239 he try the door of the shop ; of course , it be not open . he look about , see a newspaper rack - a heavy wooden standard - seize it , raise it above he head and smashes the window with it . he reach in and snag paper , ink bottle , pen . envelope and paper scatter over the walk . almost immediately , a light go on in back of the store as a door open and a man and he wife and a older woman rush into the front part of store . hyde be now scoot up the sidewalk toward the b.g . the store folk come out , in nightclothes , view the wreckage , spying hyde darting up the street . old woman ( scream ) there he go -! ( continued ) 239 240 241 123 . continued : 239 man ( still sleepy , run about in circle ) this be not no place to rob ... younger woman ( yell ) but rob it be -! ( call up street ) help - police ! ( view shattered glass ) ooo , the window - and just be clean , too ! dissolve to : full shot int . foyer - sir charle ' home 240 the last of the guest be just take they leave , man be help on with they cape by a couple of footmen . atmosphere be strain . ad lib : ( sotto voce ) " a bit odd , be not it ... I have hear strange thing about this young jekyll ... after all , that affair at the embassy ... feel so sorry for poor beatrix . " we pan across this to pick up Sir Charles and beatrix in the far b.g. , bid goodnight to a weezy old bloke . lanyon be stay behind , hover in the b.g . group shot - around sir charle and beatrix - drawing room 241 uncle geoffrey ( the wheezy old bloke ) goodnight , Charles . sir charle ( keep up appearance ) goodnight , geoffrey ... uncle geoffrey ( to beatrix ) sorry you young man be detain , my dear . beatrix ( very strain ) so be I , uncle geoffrey . it must have be a matter of life or death - uncle geoffrey ( uncomfortable , sense strain ) of course . this doctor ... never can call they soul they own ... ( continued ) 241 124 . continued : 241 he go o.s. lanyon , Sir Charles and beatrix be all uncomfortable , as they watch he go . hobson , the butler , appear come from the b.g. , wear top coat and carry he bowler . hobson ( conscious of last people leave in foyer , in a low voice ) I talk to poole . Dr. jekyll leave the house at seven to come here . he 's very worried , sir . beatrix ( to Sir Charles ) there - you see , Father ? there must be something more than what you - sir charle ( look at beatrix , directly ) that be all , hobson . thank you . hobson ( exite o.s . ) yes , sir . we dolly into group as hobson leave . Sir Charles look at beatrix ( burst out ) Father , darling - do not look that way -! sir charle ( gently ) my dear - I forbid you to see that man again ... beatrix ( anguish ) I will disobey you , Father ... why I will not even have to disobey you ! Harry will come to I . do not make a scene out of this . you know there must be a reason why he be not here -! dr . lanyon ( uncomfortable ) Sir Charles - if you will excuse I - it 's late and I rather think I would better - ( continued ) 125 . 241 continued : ( 2 ) 241 242 beatrix John - do not - we have nothing to hide from you - from anybody . you be Harry 's friend - and mine -! sir charle ( almost shouting ) beatrix -! beatrix ( she chin up ) yes -? sir charle please go to you room ! beatrix Father , I -! sir charle ( sternly ) you speak yesterday of safeguard you happiness . you must admit you have fail in that tonight . now it 's up to I . go to you room ! beatrix ( after a tense pause ) very well , Father . but , tomorrow , Harry will have a explanation . I know that . and then I might be force to hurt you - very deeply .... with this , she turn , as we pan her toward the stair , and dissolve to : full shot - int . hall - lanyon' house 242 lanyon be just let himself in with he key . Briggs , he man , hurry in from the back of the house . brigg oh , yes sir - ( as he take lanyon 's hat , he pick up a envelope from the console ) there be a ring at the door a short while ago , sir . I answer but there be nobody there . I find this envelope have be push under .... lanyon take it quickly , open it . two key be inside , with a note . 126 . 243 . close shot - letter - in lanyon be hand JOHN - 243 I be in frightful trouble . I beg you to do what I ask . enclose be the key to my laboratory , and one to the cabinet mark D . go there at once and get the vial mark ams and Z and bring they to you house . remain there alone . at midnight a man will call for the package . give it to he . in the name of Heaven - do not fail I . Harry . 244 back to lanyon and brigg 244 dr . lanyon ( after a second 's think - take hat from Briggs ) I be go out again . brigg ( follow he to the door ) very good , sir . dr . lanyon ( at door ) and , oh yes - I will not need you any more tonight , Briggs . you may retire . brigg ( as lanyon go out ) thank you , sir . dissolve to : 245 close shot - cabinet D - int . jekyll' lab 245 we pull back just as lanyon 's hand be insert the key . poole be stand by he , puzsle by he mysterious attitude . poole be Dr. jekyll at the hospital ? I could fetch he whatever he wish , sir . dr . lanyon no ... ( he select from a array of vial that mark a , m , S , Z - look at they puzzle - they to poole ) you do not happen to know , I suppose - what Dr. jekyll use any of this vial for ? ( continued ) 245 246 127 . continued : 245 poole ( loyally ) I be sure it 's for some of he recent experiment , sir . lanyon find a empty vial case , start put in vial , as we dissolve to : full shot - ext . lanyon' house 246 he be just about to turn into the walk lead up to the front door when hyde jump out from behind the shadow of a bush . lanyon step back , startle . he hold vial case under he cloak . hyde ( impatiently ) well , well - have you get it ? dr . lanyon ( grip he stick ) I beg you pardon . what be you do hide behind that - hyde ( in feeble grin of explanation ) just - just wait for you , Dr. lanyon . I be the man from Dr. jekyll - the package - ( then more like a dope fiend ) where be it ? I will take it now . dr . lanyon step into the house for a moment , please . hyde no , no - there be not time - there -! dr . lanyon ( rather severely ) as jekyll 's friend , I have the right to ask you a few question . come , sir ! he start on up the walk . hyde look after he wildly , as though he would like to kill he . then he follow he . as they reach the door , we dissolve to : 247 128. pan shot - int . lanyon be study - hyde and lanyon 247 lanyon have just remove he cape and hat in the hall . hyde eye the vial case anxiously , as they walk into the study and lanyon go behind he desk . he turn the lamp on the desk higher . hyde keep he cape on , hat in hand . hyde ( as they walk , gruff ) now come , lanyon - let 's not waste time with a lot of pry question . give I the - dr . lanyon ( turn quickly ) I resent you attitude , sir . you have not even introduce yourself . hyde ( impatiently , twitching ) hyde 's the name . Mr. hyde . but what difference do -? dr . lanyon be you a acquaintance of jekyll ? hyde of course . I 'ma friend - a old friend . ( reach out he hand , he voice rise ) but if you even pretend to be he friend you will forego you asinine amenity and let I have that before - dr . lanyon where be Dr. jekyll ? hyde ( get more and more impatient ) oh , do not worry - he 's alive - he - dr . lanyon what 's the matter ? be he ill ? be - hyde he will be perfectly all right , I tell you ! dr . lanyon ( open drawer in desk ) very well , then . I will go with you and see for myself .. ( continued ) 129 . 247 continued : 247 as he reach in drawer , he take he eye off hyde for a second . the latter leap across and grab the vial case from lanyon 's hand . hyde ( as he do so ; with a snarl ) you pretentious fool -! but he expression change as lanyon whip a revolver out of the drawer and cover he . dr . lanyon ( evenly ) I warn you , hyde . if you make one step toward the door I will shoot you right between the eye . hyde ( get a trap feel ) now wait a moment , lanyon - I can not let you come with I - and I can not tell you any more than I have already - dr . lanyon why not ? hyde because - well - ( then shouting ) I warn you not to stick you nose into this ! you better let I go , lanyon ! you can ask jekyll all about it tomorrow if you want to ! dr . lanyon you will take I to Harry jekyll this minute ! hyde ( scream he impotence ) for the last time , lanyon - let I out of here - alone ! dr . lanyon for the last time - no ! hyde ( wildly ) all right then ! let it be on you own head ! ( continued ) 247 248 249 130 . continued : ( 2 ) 247 with a wild laugh , he take out the vial and start mixing they . lanyon watch this , puzzle , think he completely mad . when the potion be all mix , hyde pick up the glass and face lanyon . the potion boil and steam a little . hyde once more - will you let I take this glass and leave ? dr . lanyon ( tense , still with revolver ) no . this will be see through to the end . hyde you would better think again , lanyon . do you want to live on as you have ... lull in you blissful cocoon of ignorance ? or do you want that safe peace of mind - you reason even - blast by a sight that would shock the lowest fiend in the inferno ? dr . lanyon ( get a awful feel , but game ) you can not persuade I with all that mad babbling ! whatever you be go to do - get on with it ! hyde very well , lanyon . but remember you vow to you profession . you will see a secret you be swear not to reveal ... you who have sneer at the power of science - you who have laugh at man 's ability to dissect he own soul ! watch this , you pompous ass ! watch this ! he hold the glass high ... 248 ... then drain it . immediately he go into he gasp contortion , fall back into a chair . as the metamorphosis from hyde to jekyll take place , lanyon watch it in horror . with a final gasp , jekyll finally lean back in he chair , exhaust . full shot - room - tableau - weird light 249 as lanyon stand watch , transfix , the gun fall to the desk . 250 close shot - lanyon 251 252 as he sink into chair , opposite jekyll . dr . lanyon ( to himself ) horrible ... close shot - jekyll he look at lanyon o.s. , in mute appeal for a moment . jekyll ( finally ) I warn you , John - even as hyde , I warn you ... two shot - lanyon and jekyll dr . lanyon you - you mean that experiment - they -? jekyll ( nodd ) yes , John ... 131 . 250 251 252 lanyon get up and start pace nervously , as jekyll watch he . dr . lanyon it 's sheer horror ... I can not believe it ... ( stop in front of jekyll ) you see what you have do , do not you . you have go beyond - you have tampere with - you have commit the supreme blasphemy ! jekyll ( in great anguish from here on ) I know - I know ... dr . lanyon you must destroy the formula , do you hear ? jekyll I have do that . dr . lanyon but you must destroy it from you mind ! you must never take it again ! ( continued ) 252 continued : he stop , 132 . 252 jekyll know - but this evening - on my way to - on my way to Sir Charles ' ... you see , I always think I could control it , John - but this evening - the change - the change to this - this monster hyde - happen without anything - without - unable to go on , cover he face with he hand . dr . lanyon ( in awe ) I ) T 's diabolical ... jekyll and it might happen again - ( lift he face to lanyon , and pound chair arm with he fist ) but I will fight it ! I be go to fight it -! ( then stop with a sudden remembrance , he face grow blank with a new horror ) oh -! he rise suddenly , walk across the room . dr . lanyon ( watch he ) what -? jekyll I be a murderer , John . a murderer ! ( look about wildly ) I who want to serve the live ! dr . lanyon you mean you actually -? jekyll yes ! tonight ! there be a girl - a poor beat girl that I - that he know ... and I go to she - and choke she to death - ( incredulously look at he hand ) - choke out she life with this - no , not with this hand - not with this hand -! ( continued ) 252 253 254 255 133 . continued : ( 2 ) 252 he sink down into a chair again , cover he face , try to keep from hysteria . lanyon walk to the fireplace , look into the flame . dr . lanyon Harry - man can not flaunt the divinity of man without be eternally damned ... ( turn to jekyll , with quiet abruptness ) - what about beatrix ? have you think of she ? jekyll ( he look up slowly , in a dull voice ) I will have to give she up , of course ... ( then , he hysteria mount ) I have know it all along - I will have to face it now - now when I need she most - but I will give she up ! I promise I will ! ( now drop to hoarse plead ) but John , after that I will need more help than ever . you can help I . you must help I ! I must win over this thing ! I must - he stop as he realize that lanyon be look at he with a mixture of unrolent condemnation and pity . he realize he be up against the inovitable . he choke , bury he face in he hand again , as we fade out : fade in : upper hall - jekyll be house - next morning 253 poole come up the step , carry a morning paper and a tray of tea . as he walk , he read the paper , uttering cluck noise and shaking he head . we pan he to jekyll 's bedroom door . he open it . full shot - int . jekyll' bedroom 254 jekyll , in he dress gown , be lean against the window , look out as poole enter . the bed be turn down but not sleep in . close shot - poole 255 as he enter , he look at jekyll o.s. , and then at bed o.s. 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 134 . close shot - bed - poole's angle 256 it be just as he turn it down last night . back to poole 257 he look from the bed to jekyll o.s. close shot - jekyll 258 he feel poole 's hesitancy . jekyll ( wear and haggard look ) just put the tray down , poole . pan shot - poole - with tray 259 he walk over to the bedside table . poole yes , sir. ( put paper down with tray ) I do not know what thing be come to , sir . if you will forgive I - there be the most ghastly murder in diadem Court last evening . a poor girl be - full shot - room 260 jekyll ( suddenly shouting ) p ) oole ! will you get out ? pool ( shocked and puzzle ) oh , yes sir . very good , sir . poole retire , yet stop to look back at jekyll with a worried look . when poole have go , jekyll 's eye go to the paper . he can not help himself . he go over and pick it up . close shot - headline and story - in jekyll' hand 261 girl murdered by monster witnesses tell of Beast last evening a man know only as " hyde " and " a evil monster " by tenant at -- back to jekyll 262 he throw the paper from he . he sit down on the bed , grab the post , and raise he gaze upwards . he be in lonely anguish . ( continued ) 262 263 264 265 266 267 135 . continued : 262 jekyll _ ( praying ) — this I do not intend . I think I be serve you . I see a light - but I do not realize it lead only to darkness . forgive I . help I to - he can not go on , know he have lose the right even to ask for help . his eye close , and he lean he head against the post , as we dissolve to : full shot - jekyll - ext . sir charle ' house - night 263 he come hesitantly along the walk , stick in hand , the light from the house illuminate he draw and agonize expression . his pace slacken as he turn in through the grill iron gate as we pan and he walk toward the front door in the b.g. close shot - jekyll - ext . front door 264 he can hardly bring himself to pull the bell plunger . suddenly he be aware of the dim sound of a piano o.s . he realize that beatrix be play . we pan he as he walk down the front of the house to the end of the " side " garden . full shot - formal side garden 265 jekyll come around the corner of the house and walk across a small flagge veranda which lead from french window of the draw room to the flower garden . the garden center about a small fountain and be set off with flower - bed pattern and marble bench . 266 close shot - jekyll - ext . french door 266 he peer through they in the b.g . we see beatrix play the piano , a sad and worried expression on she face . back of she , and to one side , Sir Charles nod in a chair over a paper . close shot - jekyll - reverse angle 267 we be on he torture countenance for a second as he look o.s. at beatrix . he half raise he hand as though to call she attention by the movement . 136 . 268 full shot - beatrix - over jekyll' shoulder through french 268 door she suddenly see he . she falter in she play for a second . jekyll put he finger to he lip . she continue play and finish she piece very softly , watch Sir Charles over she shoulder , who by now be quite asleep . then she get up and hurry as quickly as possible without make any noise to the french door , open they , and come out to jekyll , close the door quietly . beatrix ( see he strain look ) Harry - dearest - jekyll ( nodd toward garden ) will you come out - where we can talk ? she give he a worried look , and then precede he out into the garden . 269 mo . shot - beatrix and jekyll 269 as they come into scene , near a marble bench . he be greatly agitate . he do not know where to begin . beatrix sit down on the bench . she indicate the place beside she . beatrix sit down , darling - what 's happen ? what 's wrong ? jekyll sit down , stare at the ground , wring he hand . for a moment , there be silence between they . jekyll ( burst out suddenly ) bee -- I - I have be think -- about we . I think you father 's be right all along .... beatrix about what ? jekyll I - I do not think we should ever marry , that 's all . I - I realize it , last night . and - and I think you ought to break it off . ( continued ) 269 continued : 137 . 269 beatrix ( slowly , unable to believe ) what be you try to tell I , Harry ? you do not know what you be say ... look at I -! jekyll ( he face avert ) really , bee -- beatrix ( pull he shoulder around ) look at I , darling -! jekyll I mean - no matter how perfect thing seem at first - people make mistake , sometimes . beatrix ( tear welling in she eye ) but , Harry ... ( then , with the horrible think ) oh ... I see . you do not want I . you do not love I any more . be that it ? ( stifling a sob ) be you tell I you do not want I ? jekyll ( wildly , break ) want you ? I love you and want you more than -- ( rise quickly , walk away ) but I be give you up , do you hear ? I be not worth even the sound of you name ! beatrix get up and hurry to he as we pan . beatrix oh , my darling - what 's wrong ? tell I ! jekyll I have no right to you - I have throw it away ! beatrix nothing 's do that can not be -- ( continued ) 269 continued : 138 . ( 2 ) 269 jekyll but it 's do ! I have destroy paradise - we paradise - beatrix ( the mother now ) oh - you be ill - tell I what 's really wrong ! do not keep it pent up inside . you have always say we could discuss anything between we . jekyll there be thing you can not voice in Heaven . just believe I ... ( turn he back to she ) you be give I up , do you hear ? go - go inside - now - while I can not see you -! beatrix ( turn he half to she ) darling - it 's all right . just take I in you arm . jekyll oh , do not my angel ! angel - angel of Heaven , do not say any more -! beatrix ( put she arm around he ) there - there , darling - hold I close . do not think of anything - of whatever it be - just hold I a minute . jekyll ( pull she hand from he ) no ! no - I can not ! I would give my soul to -- but I have no soul ! ( he clenches he fist and cover he face with the other hand , bow he head ) I be like - ( he pause , search for the word ) - like the live dead ...! beatrix now enfold he in she arm again . his head rest on she shoulder . his arm go around she , weaken for a moment in he anguish . ( continued ) 139 . 269 continued : ( 3 ) 269 beatrix ( soothingly ) oh , my poor dear suffer love . be quiet ... s-s- h- do not say any more . jekyll ( sobbing ) oh , bee - my darling -! beatrix ( softly ) Rest now ... rest ... they be quiet for a second . then jekyll lift he head quickly and start as if to leave . beatrix ( try to hold he , panicky ) I will not let you go . you love I - I will not let you go . jekyll ( he voice rise ) that 's why I be give you up ! because I will love you till the end of time ! ( raise he gaze aloft , as he back away , beatrix stare after he aghast that he be go , that she can not hold he ) this be my proof ! this be my penance ! he turn and walk hurriedly o.s. beatrix ( start after he , then stop ) Harry - come back - Harry -- she then break into violent sob , falter , and sink to the ground , prone . 270 271 140 . full shot - end of garden 270 jekyll be hurry toward the camera . in the b.g. , beatrix be sobbing on the ground . we pan jekyll as he come around the side of the house and stop . 0.s. he hear she sobbing , faintly . he be terribly tempt to go back . he half turn and look . he can not stand the sight of what he see . he lean in weary torture against the side of the house , close he eye . suddenly a look of horror come over he face . he look down at he hand . we pan down to see he hand start to change . we pan up to jekyll 's face . he look down at he other hand . his throat start to constrict , he face to change . jekyll ( wildly , look up ) oh - no - no - do not let I - save I - do not let I -! but the metamorphosis be well on its way . close shot - beatrix 271 she still lie on the ground , sobbing . then , jekyll 's foot and leg appear slowly in the scene . they stand right next to she . she be aware of they . with a little sob , she half rise , reach out and enfold the leg , press she cheek against the knee . beatrix ( murmure ) oh , you do come back ... oh , my darling .... for answer there be a ugly chuckle o.s . hyde 's hand come down into the frame and clutch she arm . beatrix in puzzlement , and then in dawn horror react to the chuckle and the hand . in almost the same moment , hyde lift she up and she be face to face with he . for a second , she be freeze with fright , then scream as hyde 's face bend towards hers . beatrix ( after she scream ) Father ! Father ..! hyde laugh wildly and start to struggle with beatrix . 272 273 274 275 141 . full pan shot - sir charle 272 he be come out of the draw room on a dead run . we pan he over to beatrix and hyde . hyde drop beatrix who faint and slip to the ground . Sir Charles make a gallant lunge at hyde , but hyde send he reeling against the wall . then with a wild animal laugh he leap for he hat and stick . Sir Charles , however , recover in time to intercept he progress around the fountain . sir charle ( call ) help ! hobson - call the police ! help -! hyde raise he stick and lay it across Sir Charles ' head . Sir Charles stumble back and fall to the ground . hyde leap on top of he like a panther , and bashes the stick against Sir Charles ' head three or four time in rapid succession . the stick break with a final sicken blow . in the b.g. hobson and a footman come hurry from the draw room . footman here - what 's go on -! they spy hyde and come after he . hyde get up and we pan he the length of the garden on the run . hobson kneel beside Sir Charles ' prostrate body as the footman give chase after hyde around the corner of the house . full shot - front gate 273 hyde come run from the garden . he stop for a second and look up the street . effect shot - jekyll' angle 274 a constable come around the corner on the run , dimly discernible under a gas light . back to hyde 275 he run o.s. down the street in the opposite direction just as the footman appear and the constable come run up . footman ( point in direction of hyde ) there he go ! it 's the monster ! the constable run o.s. after hyde , blow he whistle . 276 277 278 279 280 281 282 283 142. full shot - mews 276 hyde come tear down in toward camera . in a second , the constable appear after he . another man or two , passer - by at the far entrance , take up the chase . hyde leap over a fence . when the constable arrive at fence , he blow he whistle again . full shot - another constable - at corner 277 he react to distant whistle , run for it o.s . long shot - hyde - another STREET 278 he run past camera into b.g . a small group of idler be stand at the corner . they block he progress and he bowl through they , knock a couple down . ad 1 ib yell of surprise and anger . reverse shot - STREET 279 the two constable come in chase , follow by more people . 1st constable stop that man ! group shot - at corner 280 as constable come run up . 1st man ( point ) that way , constable ! we pan and pick up hyde , he cape fly , leaping down the street in the b.g . the rest give chase . full pan shot - hyde - jekyll' STREET 281 he come fly along and dart up the walk to the house . o.s. come the sound of the constable 's whistle . close shot - hyde - at jekyll' front door 282 he run up the step , vault the balustrade and hurl he body sidewise through the wait - room window at the side of the door . full shot - int . waiting - room 283 hyde land sprawling amidst the shattered glass . he scramble up and leap out into the foyer . 284 285 286 287 288 289 290 143. full shot - int . foyer - jekyll' house 284 hyde enter . poole come in from past camera . poole ( recognize hyde ) here , here - how do -? but he get no further as hyde , with a roar , bowl he aside and duck out the back door toward the lab . poole hurry to the door , open it . 0.s. we hear crowd noise and whistle . pan effect shot - hyde 285 as he leap across the bridge in the back courtyard to jekyll 's laboratory . full shot - int . SMALL hall - int . lab build 286 hyde come through door from courtyard , close door , lock it . then he go to door of lab , open it , duck inside , and we hear he lock this door . ext . courtyard 287 poole and the constable come run across the bridge . poole he 's go into the laboratory ! we pan they to the first door . they find it lock . 1st constable ( put shoulder to door ) heave , Bill ! close shot - hyde - int . lab 288 he be frantically look for various vial to mix the potion . he upset and break thing in he fury . dissolve to : group shot - ext . garden - sir charle ' home 289 a constable , the footman , hobson and lanyon be lean over Sir Charles ' body . lanyon be shaking he head woefully . the constable show lanyon half of a stick . close shot - broken stick with its silver head 290 constable's voice ( 0.s . ) this be the weapon what do it , Doctor . 291 292 293 294 295 296 144 , group shot again 291 dr . lanyon ( take stick , then after a second ) yes ... I be afraid so . ( rise ) come - I think I can take you to you man . dissolve to : int . lab 292 hyde be feverishly mixing the potion , have to make some of its ingredient not already prepare . o.s. , there be a crash of door burst . then hammer on the laboratory door . full shot - int . hall of lab 293 the courtyard door be down . the constable and poole be hammer at the door of the lab . close shot - hyde - int . lab 294 in he haste , he knock over a large glass jar . it crash . back to constable and poole - hall 295 1st constable ( suddenly listen ) he 's in there ! open up ! ( then , as just silence come ) come on , Bill ! Bill have run in with a crow -bar , and after two or three try , they break the door down . pan shot - poole and constable - int . lab 296 they come run down the stair . as we pan we pick up jekyll who be just staggering to he foot from the floor . poole ( amaze ) Dr. jekyll , sir ! that frightful maniac break through the house and - jekyll I know . he strike I over the head . ( indicate , to constable ) Quick , man ! he go out by the back ! ( continued ) 145 . 296 continued : 296 the constable hurry to the back door , o.s. poole I do not even know you be home , sir . be you badly hurt ? jekyll I will - I will be all right . the two constable come from the back door . 1st constable ( to jekyll ) this here door 's lock . jekyll ( impatiently , point up stair ) then you better get round through the front ! the two constable leap up the stair , just as lanyon , another constable and a inspector in plain clothes come hurry in . dr . lanyon ( look at jekyll below ) wait ! 1st constable ( explain ) he duck through the back and lock the door after he ! dr . lanyon ( in great strain ) no , he do not ! he 's still down here . they watch he , amaze , and follow down the step to the lab proper . he approach jekyll . jekyll look at he , tired , want . there be tear in jekyll 's eye as he wait for the word by lanyon . lanyon , too , be greatly affect . he seem as though he can not say the word . dr . lanyon ( finally gather himself - point to jekyll ) there - Heaven help he . poole ( shocked ) Dr. lanyon -! ( continued ) 296 297 298 299 300 301 146 . continued : ( 2 ) 296 inspector ( puzzle ) I know this gentleman . he 's Dr. jekyll . dr . lanyon ( tear in he eye now ) I know . nevertheless , there 's you man . inspector you can not be serious , Dr. lanyon . I - dr . lanyon ( suddenly point ) watch -! for jekyll have already start to turn back to hyde again . they all watch he in awe and horror as he go through the metamorphosis . close shot - poole 297 he back away slowly . close shot - constable and inspector 298 they jaw be drop . close shot - lanyon 299 he look away . he can not stand it . close shot - hyde 300 for he be now almost completely hyde . he come out of he writhing as such . he look about at the other , as though he have just see they for the first time . he be more bestial and awful in physique and manner than we have ever see he in the transformation . with a sudden yell he throw a huge jar at the officer , and duck around the table . ( note : in the follow ensue struggle ad lib command from the inspector should come at the proper time : " grab he - hold he - do not let he get up that stair - guard that door " .... etc . ) hyde practically wreck the lab in elude he pursuer . he knock they this way and that . he leap across table - up on shelf , pull they down . he growl and snarl and laugh in glee every time he elude they . close shot - lanyon and inspector 301 this during middle of fight . lanyon see the gun in the inspector 's hand . ( continued ) 147 . 301 continued : 301 302 303 dr . lanyon ( plead ) shoot he , inspector - shoot he ! that would be he wish ! inspector ( grimly ) must take he if we can ! ( darting o.s . ) hold he now ! full shot - group 302 the constable seem just about to have hyde cornere , when with another wild leap , he get to a set of surgical instrument , and pull out a large knife . with another yell , he make a leap for freedom , brandish he weapon . as he get by the large apparatus on the table , the inspector let he have it with the revolver . hyde wheel , drop across the table , shatter some of the apparatus . they start crowd around he in silent awe , poole cry with audible sob . poole ( like a plea ) Dr. jekyll ... Dr. jekyll ..... ! close shot - hyde be head - profile 303 there be a strange light on it . as if in answer to poole 's plea , the face start slowly and mystically change back to that of the handsome jekyll - a face peaceful in death - as if in death - without struggle or torture - jekyll be restore to himself for eternity . we pull back slowly for a tableau . dr . lanyon ( line to come ) fade out : the end