dr . strangelove or : how I learned to stop worry and Love the bomb cast at burpelson AIR force base General Jack D. ripper ............. base Commander Major mandrake ..................... executive Officer to General ripper Colonel " bat " guano ................ battalion Commander private Charlie .................... base Security team private tung ....................... base Security team sergeant ........................... base Security team *** in the war room merkin muffley ..................... the President General " Buck " schmuck ............. Air Force Chief Admiral percy buldike .............. navy Chief General " flash " faceman ............ Army Chief ambassador de sade ................. enemy ambassador von klutz ) ) Zlat ) ) frankenstein ) ) cadaverly ) ) didley ) ................ presidential aide ) turgidson ) ) crudley ) ) waffel ) ) moffo ) war room ( continue ) kulnick ) ) ................ presidential aide funkel ) assorted military aide - about 30 altogether m.p. orderly Major nonce ........................ General schmuck 's aide *** in the b- 90 , " leper colony " Major " King " Kong ................ Pilot Captain " Ace " angst .............. co- Pilot Lieutenant ....................... bombardier Lieutenant quentin quiffer ....... Defense system Officer ( d.s.o ) Lieutenant " binky " ballmuff ...... Navigator Lieutenant Terry ................. Radio - radar *** other Colonel puntrich ................. Air Command duty Officer miss milky Way ................... a Secretary miss pietraszkiewicz ............. switchboard Operator general note : 1 . the story will be play for realistic comedy - which mean the essentially truthful mood and attitude will be portray accurately , with a occasional bizarre or super- realistic crescendo . the act will never be so-called " comedy " act . 2 . the set and technical detail will be do realistic - ally and carefully . we will strive for the maximum atmosphere and sense of visual reality from the set and location . 3 . the Flying sequence will especially be present in as vivid a manner as possible . excite background and special effect will be obtain . 1 MAIN title card - a weird , hydra - head , furry creature snarl at camera roll -up title " nardac blefescu present " Dr. strangelove : or how I learned to stop worry and Love the bomb a macro - galaxy - meteor picture 1a moving shot - through black , starry , perpetual night of the universe the motion be straight ahead ; pass at vary distance be star , planet , asteroid , moon , aerolite and meteor . at great distance we see fantastic whirl of light indicate a vast nebula , or we see the incredible , dazzle billion - star cluster of another galaxy . music - weird , extra -terrestrial , electronic sound narrator the bizarre and often amusing page which make up this odd story be dis - cover at the bottom of a deep crevice in the great Northern Desert by member of we Earth probe , nimbus - ii . narrator we story begin sometime during the latter half of Earth 's so-called twentieth century . simple nuclear weapon have be invent , but use only twice to finish the so-called second World War . the Earth appear ahead of we , continually grow to reveal the shape of its continent and ocean . narrator we deal with the period follow this , which be chiefly mark by the fact that though every nation fear surprise attack , the full consequence of nuclear weapon seem to escape all government and they people . the Earth be quite close now , its circumference almost fill the screen . narrator the quirkish author of this ancient comedy seem intentionally to have omit the name of specific country , possibly in the hope it would land a certain universality to he theme . geographic detail fill the screen . CUT to 2 day - AIR shot - b-90 sting ray bomber magnificent , swept-wing , eight - jet , Mach 2 aircraft . narrator in order to guard against surprise attack , the nation in question keep seventy - five b-90 sting Ray bomber air-borne , twenty - four hour a day . they be armed with a full load of nuclear weapon . 2a day - b- 90 's taking off narrator as part of this air-borne alert , thirty - five b-90 sting Ray bomber of the Air Command 's 843rd bomb wing leave the burpelson Air Force base , fourteen hour before . 3 b-90 sting ray - flying narrator the aircraft be now disperse from the Persian Gulf to the Arctic Ocean . they have only one geographical factor in common . they be all assign target inside enemy territory . 4 day - b-90 " leper colony " at 30,000 feet narrator one of the 843d 's aircraft , the " leper colony , " be approach its positive - Control point , bear Island , a small dot in the barent Sea , where it would turn around and head for home . 5 down view - sting ray - flying shot narrator each sting Ray carry a bomb load of fifty megaton , or fifty million ton of tnt , equal to fifteen time the total explosive force of World War two , or twenty - five thousand time the explosive force of the Atomic bomb drop on Hiroshima . 6 rear view - sting ray - flying shot narrator the long , tense hour which always pass with such agonizing slowness during the twenty - four hour of a air-borne alert , now begin to move quick , as the mission pass its halfway mark . 7 front view - sting ray - flying shot narrator the crew of the " leper colony " know they guard the peace of the world just as surely as they know the price they must pay within themselves to do it . 8 cu - major " king " kong - pilot - int . sting ray he be a sharp -ey , steady veteran flyer . camera pull back show major kong , absorb in a copy of " plaything " magazine and absently munch a sandwich . we feature a photograph . photograph - double fold of nude blonde miss milky Way , plaything of the month , a top government stenographer and part-time model . camera pull back - captain " ace " angst show captain " ace " angst , the co-pilot , read another copy of " plaything " and take healthy bite out of a apple . he be a lean , bronze , muscular type . the plane cruise on auto-pilot . 8a navigator - lieutenant " binky " ballmuff - read " plaything " a burly , hoarse-voice man in he early thirty , he sip coffee and chew on he sandwich . 8b radio - radar - lieutenant terry toejam - read " sunshine and love " a tall , curly -haire , meticulous man in he late twenty , he nibble a piece of cake . 8c bombardier - lieutenant lothar zogg - a negro a short , bull - neck man in he early thirty , smoking and dunking a cake . he read " nitelife " magazine . 8d d.s.o . - lieutenant quentin quiffer - read " hi - jink " the Defense system Officer , lieutenant quentin quiffer , a blond , pleasant mid-westerner . he eat chocolate cracker from a box . 8e navigator - lieutenant " binky " ballmuff he idly glance at he chart without put down he copy of " plaything " and snap he intercom button . lieutenant ballmuff Three minute to turn point . head will be three - three - five . ( back to " plaything " ) 8 for ms - pilot - major " king " kong he glance up from he copy of " plaything " and with the easy grace of a veteran pilot , lean forward and change he gyro head . major kong Roger . head three - three -five . ( back to " plaything " ) 8g cu - radarscope there be a number of they . this one be the maximum search radar . the outer rim of the scope reveal a small point of light . at the same moment a electronic tone alarm direct the attention of the d.s.o. from he read to the scope . 8h cu - d.s.o. lieutenant quentin quiffer looking up from " hi - jink " he study the scope calmly and frown . 8i cu - radarscope the d.s.o. move a strobe marker to the blip . 8 j cu - d.s.o . quickly figure on pad . lieutenant quiffer ( routinely ) bogey at one - four-five , approximately a hundred and thirty - five mile . 8 k cu - navigator - lieutenant " binky " ballmuff turn he copy of " plaything " over so as not to lose he place , plot a position . we see that the radar contact be between the " leper colony " and the enemy coast . lieutenant ballmuff probably another radar surveillance job . 8l cu - pilot without look up from he copy of " plaything " . major kong ( absently ) yes , that 's probably what it be . 8 m close radarscope the blip suddenly vanish as the scope go completely white . lieutenant quiffer ( calmly ) he 's show off he ecm - jam we out . major kong ( still absorb in " plaything " ) I wonder why he 's do that ? lieutenant quiffer I be think the same thing . shall I give he a taste of ours ? major kong ( still read ) why should we do that , quentin ? lieutenant quiffer ( go back to " plaything " ) yes , I suppose you be right , King . 8n cu - the crm - 114 this be the most highly guard Air Command secret device . it be a automatic code receiver which display three letter and three numeral . it suddenly whirr and click into life , display three letter and three numeral . 8o cu - lieutenant terry toejam look up slowly from he magazine , lean forward and jot down the code message . he carefully flip through a code book . lieutenant toejam Major Kong , we get a message from base . 8 p cu - pilot major kong ( still read ) good . 8q ms - lieutenant toejam rapidly decode the message lieutenant toejam I have decode it , Major Kong . major kong good . lieutenant toejam it read : wing to hold at x-point . 8r cut to crew the magazine be lower in slow motion . 8s cu - bombardier - lieutenant lothar zogg lieutenant zogg ( into intercom ) I wonder why the be do that . 8t cu - pilot - major " king " kong major kong ( wisely ) they have they reason . 8 u cu - navigator - lieutenant " binky " ballmuff lieutenant ballmuff but we have be up fourteen hour . I be beat . 8 v cut to crew who mumble ad-lib of agreement with the Navigator . then slowly , each man go back to he magazine and he lunch . 8w cu - lieutenant lothar zogg - reading lieutenant zogg ( sighing ) probably a exercise . lieutenant toejam ( read ) probably . major kong ( read ) they have they reason . various cut and now the six - man crew be still again , ponder the mystery of beautiful woman and calmly digest they lunch . major kong ( wistfully to co-pilot ) Ace , do you think she 's really a top government secretary ? he refer to the double fold - out of miss milky Way . captain " ace " angst ( cynically ) yeah , I will bet she hold the world 's horizontal short - hand record . superimpose title : " burpelson AIR force base headquarters 843rd bomb wing " 9 night - ext . moonlit view of base - various cut while the wing be air-borne , the staff work be heavy , and the ground crew work overtime to refit aircraft . the runway be clear , and only the giant cicadas and the occasional whine of a electric tool break the stillness of the starry desert night . 10 int . base combat operation CENTER it be sink fifty foot below the administration building . six officer man the command bridge . a loud buzzer . major mandrake lift special phone . major mandrake combat Operations Center , Major mandrake speak . general jack D. ripper this be General ripper speak . major mandrake yes , sir . general jack D. ripper do you recognize my voice ? major mandrake certainly , General . why do you ask , sir ? 11 int . general jack D. ripper's office large , plush , part Air Force , part big executive - swank office decoration and furniture . a name - plate on he desk read , " General Jack D. ripper " . general jack D. ripper ( sharply ) why do you think I ask ? major mandrake I do not know , sir . we just speak a few minute ago . general jack D. ripper ( ruffle ) youddo not think I would ask if you recognize my voice unless it be important , do you , Major ? major mandrake no , sir . the scene will intercut between mandrake and ripper . general jack D. ripper good . have the wing confirm hold at x-point ? major mandrake yes , sir . general jack D. ripper all right , Major . I be put the base on condition Red . major mandrake condition Red ! general jack D. ripper that 's right . I want this flashed to all section immediately . major mandrake yes , sir . what 's up , General ripper ? a significant pause . general jack D. ripper you be a good officer , Major mandrake . you have a right to know . it look like we be in a shoot war ! major mandrake a shoot war ! general jack D. ripper yes , Major . this look like it 's go to be it . major mandrake but ... what kind of a shoot war ? have they hit any of we city yet ? general jack D. ripper Major , that 's all I have be tell . just get it on the red phone . the base be to be seal tight . and I mean tight . major mandrake yes , sir . general jack D. ripper . that include all communication and phone - income as well as outgo . major mandrake what if someone want to call we ? general jack D. ripper let I worry about that , Major . I have still get my red line to the Air Command . major mandrake that 's right , sir . general jack D. ripper we do not want to be vulnerable to saboteur call up and pretend to be different people from the President down , do we ? major mandrake you be right , sir . general jack D. ripper no call from inside out . no call from outside in be even answer . no call . major mandrake I understand , sir . nothing come or go without you personal say-so . general jack D. ripper ( harshly ) no call at all . with or without my say-so . my voice can be imitate too , Major . major mandrake yes , sir . I just think of something , sir . how do I know I be talk to you now ? general jack D. ripper who do you think you be talk to ? major mandrake to you , sir . but how do I know ? general jack D. ripper be you try to be insubordinate ? major mandrake no , sir . general jack D. ripper I hope not . now , as soon as you do what I tell you , have plan-r radioe to the wing . major mandrake plan-r ???? general jack D. ripper be you hard of hearing , Major ? major mandrake no , sir . plan-r to be radioe to the wing . general jack D. ripper as soon as you have do that , shut down the communication center . lock it up and assign the personnel to base security detail . major mandrake General ripper , if I shut down the communi - cation center , there will be no radio or teleprinter contact with Air Command head - quarter or anyone , for that matter . general jack D. ripper be you question my order , Major ? major mandrake no , sir . I be just bring the fact to you attention , sir . general jack D. ripper you be a good officer , Major , and you be perfectly right to bring this fact to my attention . major mandrake thank you , sir . general jack D. ripper now , as soon as you have do that , double - up on all base security team . we enemy be plenty smart , and there might even be a attack on the base by saboteur . major mandrake yes , sir . general jack D. ripper and lastly , all privately own radio be to be immediately impound . they can be use to issue instruction to saboteur . Air Police will have list of all owner . 12 day - AIR shot - b-90 " leper colony " 13 day - int . b- 90 - various cut the crew be still wistfully absorb in they magazine . 13a cu - crm-114 it whirr to life again . click off three letter and three numeral . 13 b cu - lo. toejam - radio he idly glance up at it . sigh , reach for he code book and start decode . he frown . lo. toejam hey , King . somebody at burpelson have a very pervert sense of humor . major kong ( read ) yeah ? lo. toejam I just get another blast on the crm - 114 , and the damned thing decode : wing attack , plan -r . 13 c cu - pilot - major " king " kong he look up pensively . major kong wing attack , plan -r ? 13d master shot lo. toejam wing attack , plan -r . that 's exactly what it say . major kong ( let magazine fall in lap ) check you code again . no one at base would pull a stunt like that , Terry . lo. toejam that 's what I be do , and it come out the same . there be a pause as they think of the unthinkable . lt . " binky " ballmuff ( stand ) you must have make a mistake . lo. toejam that 's what it decode . come and see for yourself , binky . wing attack , plan -r . the whole crew come up and hunch over the crm - 114 . the plane cruise on auto-pilot . lo. lothar zogg ( softly ) well , I will be damned . lo. toejam ( hold out code book to pilot ) here , check it yourself . 13e cu - major kong his cheek muscle twitch under he bronze face . he be the picture of leadership . he turn away from the man for a moment , stare thoughtfully into space , then turn back determinedly . major kong ( with quiet dignity ) then this be it . lo. quiffer what ? major kong ( solemnly ) War . lo. quiffer ( awe-struck ) War ? captain angst ( nodd gravely ) yes , that must be what it be . lo. ballmuff ( aghast ) War ? lo. zogg ( stunne ) what else could it be ? lo. quiffer maybe it 's a exercise . lo. ballmuff yeah , to see if we be on we toe . major kong ( wisely ) no , they would not send we in with bomb on a exercise . lo. quiffer maybe they want to test we loyalty . captain angst but we get the go-code . it 's never be give to anyone before . major kong ( scowling ) no , this look like the real thing . lo. toejam ( philosophically ) yeah , it sure look like the real thing , all right . they all soberly reflect on the wider implication of the news . the bombardier crack he knuckle . lo. zogg ( shaking he head ) it 's go to be rough on the folk back home . lo. ballmuff yeah - real rough . they all shake they head in melancholy agreement . lo. toejam I wonder how it start ? captain angst yes , how could it have start ? the d.s.o. shatter the calm dignity of the crew by raise he voice . lo. quiffer the bastard must have hit we ! lo. ballmuff yeah - but why would they do that , quentin ? lo. quiffer how do I know ? but they must have . we would not have start it . lo. zogg he 's right . we would not have start it . lo. quiffer ( beginning to shout ) they must have clobbere some of we city already ! lo. zogg he 's right . they must have clobbere some of we city already . lo. quiffer the dirty , stinking , rotten , son of B 's !! they might have clobbere marge and the lo. quiffer ( cont ) kid already ! 13 for cu - major kong he study lt . quiffer with a jaundice look . major kong ( John Wayne ) okay , cut it , Lieutenant quiffer ! if you speak once more before I give you per - mission , you will face a general court martial when we get back . ( look around ) and that go for everyone else . he pause for effect . 13g cu - d.s.o. lieutenant quentin quiffer look down sheepishly . 13h cu - major kong major kong ( John Wayne ) boy , we have get a mission to carry out . it 's not exactly a pleasant one , but we country 's count on we , and we be not go to let them down . 13i full shot - the crew lo. quiffer I be sorry , Major Kong . I guess I be way out of line . major kong ( extend he hand ) forget it , quentin . it can happen to the best of we . now let 's get square away . with various ad lib of agreement , the crew scramble back to they action station . 13 j various shot - crew lieutenant ballmuff open a small safe and search out a thick 8 x 10 seal envelope mark " plan - R " , from among a dozen other . he shoot a inquire look to the pilot and get a nod . he break open the seal and distribute individual folder to each of the crew . major kong give I a first rough course as soon as you can , Lieutenant ballmuff . lo. ballmuff roughly , one - zero-five . I will have it plotted in a minute , Major Kong . 13 k ms - major kong he adjust the gyro , bank the big plane , and open he folder . major kong ( read from he folder ) okay . check this point . complete radio silence . to ensure that the enemy can not plant false transmission and fake order , the crm - 114 be to be switch into all receiver circuit . the three code letter of the period be to be set on the alphabet dial of the crm - 114 , which will in turn block any transmission other than that precede by the code letter . you get it ? lo. toejam Roger , I be set up the crm - 114 . major kong primary target the icbm base at laputa . one weapon fuse for air burst at ten thou - sand . second weapon to be use if first malfunction . otherwise the secondary get it - the airfield outside of karnak . fuse air burst at ten thousand . lo. ballmuff I have get the head , Major . one-three -eight . major kong Roger . one-three-eight . while he talk , other cut to the crew prepraring for battle . major kong in about twenty minute we start lose height to keep under coastal radar . Cross in over the coast low - level , continue low - level on zig - zag leg to primary , and climb for bomb run . ( pause ) any question ? lo. zogg I have get one . major kong shoot , lothar . lo. zogg we target be a missile complex and a airfield - not city , right ? major kong that 's what I say . lo. zogg well , if there 's a war , they must have hit we first . major kong what 's you point , lothar ? lt . zogg well , if they hit we first , they have probably fire off they missile and get they plane off the ground already . we will just be hit empty real estate . major kong be you say we order do not make sense ? lo. zogg hellnno , Major . I be just try to think the thing through . major " king " kong lothar , you be down in the pay book as a bombardier , and you be a damned good bombardier . in fact , you be the best damned bombardier in 843rd wing . 14 15 15a colonel puntrich he sit at a table a phone . six other officer be around he . colonel puntrich hello ? this be Colonel puntrich of Air Command headquarters . please connect I with General " Buck " schmuck . 16 night - ext . modern HOTEL dissolve 17 switchboard in HOTEL the night girl be read a paperback murder mystery . switchboard operator I be sorry , sir . General schmuck be asleep and he be not take call until eight - thirty . colonel puntrich what be you name , young lady ? switchboard operator ceida pietraszkiewicz . colonel puntrich what do you say ? switchboard operator ceida pietraszkiewicz ...p... i...e ... t...r...a...s...z... k... i...e... w... i...c... Z. colonel puntrich ( he pronounce it perfectly ) now look here , miss pietraszkiewicz , this be Air Command headquarters call . dissolve 18 omitted 19 night - int . HOTEL room - general " buck " schmuck phone ring . he wake slowly , cough from too many cigarettes . he snap on the bed lamp and pick up the phone . the night table contain tissue , nose drop , and a glass of water . there be a pretty blonde asleep in the next bed , miss milky Way , plaything of the month ! general schmuck ( angrily ) yes ! colonel puntrich General schmuck ? general schmuck yes ! who the hell be this ? miss milky way , about nineteen , appear from under the blanket of the adjoin twin bed . she yawn and stretch , revealing she astonish body . she be indeed the same girl we see feature in the " plaything " fold - out -inside the b-90 . colonel puntrich this be Colonel puntrich , sir . duty officer at Air Command . I be sorry to disturb you , sir . milky way ( yawn ) who be it , Buck , honey ? general schmuck ( cover mouthpiece ) go back to sleep , baby . colonel puntrich what do you say , sir ? she smile , cross over next to the General , and begin play with he ear . he shrug she off , playfully . general schmuck I do not say anything . what 's the meaning of disturbing I at this hour , Colonel ? colonel puntrich General schmuck , we monitor a tran - mission about six minute ago from burpelson Air Force base , hq 843rd wing . it be apparently direct to they wing on air - borne alert . it decode as - wing attack , plan - R . she begin kissing he neck . general schmuck Colonel , you be not drunk , be you , man ? colonel puntrich no , sir . general schmuck then why bother I with this nonsense ? get in touch with the base commander . she pull he flat on the bed . colonel puntrich we try to contact General Jack D. ripper at the base , but all they communication be dead , sir . she sprawl on top of he . general schmuck well , that 's ridiculous . if the teleprinter and radio link be out of order , just pick up a phone and pay for a call . colonel puntrich I know it sound crazy , sir , but we try , and nobody answer any of the telephone . general schmuck sit up . general schmuck do the threat board show anything ? colonel puntrich well , that 's the funny part of it , too , sir . it do not show a damned thing . 20 night - ext . long shot - burpelson AIR force base buttone - up activity continue as the man listen to the general 's broadcast echoing on a public address system . general ripper ( public address system ) I want to impress on you the need for watchfulness . a commie will try any trick to breach the security on this base . 21 perimeter fence - 10 - man security detail digging in a machine gun about ten yard outside fence . the riflemen be spread out at 5 - year interval and be digging foxhole . general ripper ( p.a. ) he may come individually , or he may come in strength . he may come in the uniform of we own troops . 22 another area - perimeter fence - 8-men security detail they set up another light - machine gun . a squad of riflemen dig in too . general ripper ( p.a. ) trust no one , whatever he rank , who be not know to you personally . 23 AIR police - int . hangar collect radio . general ripper ( p.a. ) anyone or anything that approach within two hundred yard of the perimeter be to be fire upon - without challenge . 24 int . communications CENTER - major mandrake the last of the staff be leave . general ripper ( p.a. ) there be to be no exception to this order . last of all , I want to say I know all of you be worry about you family here on the base and all over the country . 25 int . general ripper's office general ripper well , you can be sure other man be defend you family elsewhere with the same unyield spirit we be go to show here at burpelson . good luck to you all . ripper flick the mike button and sink wearily back into he chair . he light a cigarette and inhale with satisfaction . 26 int . communications section - major mandrake snap off he desk lamp and walk down the long , desert room , double -click various power switch . he pick up a small transistor radio and idly snap it on . a pop song end and a disc jockey begin he commercial . 26a close - major mandrake he tune in a few other station . all program be normal . mandrake frown , think for a moment , and suddenly dash out of the room . 27 night - ext . impressive government build Key personnel begin to arrive in car which screech to stop . 28 night - int . government build hall - various shot officer hurry to they task . m.p. be guard be - strict area . 29 int . war room - ( see photo ) 30 int . war room command bridge a very large conference room . one wall be a enormous soundproof glass panel open onto the various electronic display in the War room . enter , presient merkin muffley , in a fury . rising around a very large , polished wood conference table be the Chiefs of staff , Army , navy , and Air Force , as well as various military and civilian senior aide - about twenty altogether . president muffley ( seethe ) good morning , gentleman . please sit down . they sit . there be readable nameplate in front of each officer . general " buck " schmuck good morning , mister President . the president scowl . president muffley now , what the hell 's go on ? four-star Air Force General , " buck " schmuck , stand and assume he maximum dignity . general " buck " schmuck well , mister President . president muffley what kind of trouble ? general " buck " schmuck well , sir , about forty - six minute ago one of my base commander , General Jack D. ripper , send out attack order to the thirty - four B - 90' of the 843rd bomb wing , under he command . note : 1 . the name schmuck appear on page 1431 of the 1961 - 62 Manhattan telephone directory . president muffley General schmuck ? general " buck " schmuck yes , sir . he issue attack order to -- a paroxysm of rage seize the President , merkin muffley , as he pound he fist on the table , knock over he nameplate . president muffley May I be stupid enough to inquire why in hell the base commander of the 843d bomb wing did a thing like that ??? general " buck " schmuck to be perfectly honest , mister President , we really be not sure . president muffley you be not sure ! general " buck " schmuck not exactly , sir . you see , Colonel puntrich at Air Command hq receive a call from he about twenty minute ago . he ask General ripper if he have issue the go-code and the attack order , and General ripper say : ( he read from a piece of paper ) " sure , the order come from I . they be on they way in , and I advise you to get the rest of Air Command in after they . my boy will give you the best kind of start , and you sure as hell will not stop they now . " then he hang up . president muffley damn it ! damn it ! I have be tell you all for year you have get too damned many psychoe in the service . general " buck " schmuck be fair , mister President . do not we initiate the human reliability test for all personnel handle nuclear weapon ? president muffley Buck , when I tell you to give they right up to the top , you say we could not insult a general officer by ask he to pass a test to see if he 's a psycho . general schmuck it be a honest mistake , sir . president muffley I presume the plane be armed ? general schmuck I be afraid so , mister presient . be part of the air-borne alert , each plane be carry a full load - about fifty megaton apiece . president muffley well , what about the positive Control , the safety catch ? do not the plane automatically come back unless they get a second order ? general schmuck that 's right , sir . but the plane be at they positive Control point , ready to turn around when General ripper issue the final go-code . president muffley and I suppose there 's some reason why you have not recall they ? general schmuck yes , sir . the base commander , General ripper , select plan -r ? president muffley what the hell be plan-r ? general schmuck well , sir , plan-r be a emergency plan to be use by lower echelon commander if higher echelon have be knock out by a sneak attack . president muffley why can not you cancel it ? general schmuck once the order have be give , plan-r require any new order to be receive on the crm - 114 in the aircraft . but the crm - 114 will not receive any transmission unless they be precede by the proper three - letter code group . president muffley and I suppose you be go to tell I you do not know what the three - letter code be . general schmuck mister President , to guard against espionage , the three letter of the code group for plan-r be always select by the lower echelon commander himself , just before each mission . they be seal in the various attack plan and be know only to the lower echelon commander and he deputy . in this case the deputy be air-borne with the wing , and General ripper refuse to recall the plane . the president shake he head , wrathfully . president muffley how soon until the enemy find out what 's go on ? general schmuck we estimate the plane should be enter they coastal radar cover in about twenty - five minute - ute . president muffley how could you let this happen , General schmuck ? general schmuck mister President , I know you think I have let you down , but we have to have a plan - R . if we completely centralize the command and control , all a potential aggressor would have to worry about be knock - ing out maybe half a dozen headquarters and the Capitol , and we would be out of business . we would have plane and missile just sit there while we be get clobbere . president muffley then there 's no chance for recall ? general schmuck I should say practically none , though we have we communication center plow through every possible three - letter combination . the trouble be that there be about seventeen thousand permutation , and it will take we approximately four and a half day to go through they all . there be a knock at the door . president muffley yes , what be it ? m.p. captain Excuse I , sir . but the mess orderly be outside with the breakfast everyone order . president muffley ( waspishly ) Captain , do you think the mess orderly would mind wait a few minute until we have finish we little meeting ? m.p. captain ( confuse ) no , sir ... I mean , yes , sir . I be sure they would not . president muffley ( shout ) thank you , Captain . now shut the damned door ! he shut the door . president muffley ( cont ) I want to talk to the base commander , what 's he name ? general schmuck General Jack D. ripper , sir . president muffley I want to talk to General ripper . general schmuck but we can not communicate with the base . the president lean back and think for a moment . president muffley General faceman , be there any troops station near the base who be not under General ripper 's command ? all eye go to general " flash " faceman , the Army Chief . general " flash " faceman I believe so , mister President . president muffley ( in burn sarcasm ) be it possible for you to know definitely , General ? general " flash " faceman yes , sir . I can confirm it , but I believe there 's a special service outfit station just on the other side of town , about seven mile away . president muffley General faceman , I want you to get on the phone yourself and speak to the officer in charge -- general faceman yes , sir . president muffley ( rapid fire ) please do not say " yes , sir " until I have finish speak . tell he to get himself and he man move immediately . I do not even want they to waste time dress . just have they carry they weapon and ammunition , and move them out by any available mean of transportation . if they do not have enough vehicle , commandeer car off the highway . I want they there within fifteen minute . and if he can not get they all there , get as many as he can . I want they to enter the base , locate General ripper , and immediately put he in telephone contact with I . you understand , do not you , General ? general faceman ( start out of room ) yes , sir . one thing , mister President . president muffley yes ? general faceman under a condition red alert , the base will probably be seal off and defend by the base security troops . president muffley I be aware of what a condition red alert imply . general faceman well , sir , they may not allow the special service troops to enter the base . president muffley ( sarcastically ) that 's a very wise deduction , General . general faceman thank you , sir . but what shall I tell they to do if they be deny entrance ? the president rock in he chair look as if he be about to explode . president muffley under the circumstance , General , what would you think they should do ? general faceman well ... I suppose penetrate the base by force . president muffley you see , you know the answer all the time , General . general faceman but that would mean some of we own boy will get hurt , mister President . president muffley what do you suppose be go to happen if General ripper 's plane start bombing they target ? general faceman that certainly would be a problem , sir . cadaverly mister President , how do you feel about Civil Defense ? president muffley Civil Defense ... hm- mmm ... we do not want to cause a unnecessary panic . cadaverly shall we allow the situation to mature a bit , sir ? president muffley yes , I think that 's the wisest policy for the moment . 31 ext . flying shot - b-90 sting ray tilting down toward the sea . 32 int . b- 90 lo. ballmuff ( navigator ) make rate of descent fifteen hundred per minute . that should slide we in nicely under they radar cover . major kong adjust trim , throttling back slightly to maintain correct speed . we see the rate of descent indicator steady at 1500 , speed steady at Mach one - three on the machmeter . major kong steady at fifteen hundred per minute . speed steady at Mach one - three . the navigator , lt . ballmuff , glance at he Ground position indicator , on which certain of the pilot 's instrument be duplicate . lo. ballmuff Roger , maintain . major kong lothar , take you check now . lo. zogg okay , Major . lt . zogg , the negro bombardier , be sit in the midst of he equipment , which comprise several radioscope and a battery of button and switch gear , as well as several bank row of light . he go through the check quickly , at ease wit the familiar equipment and a familiar task . lo. zogg Main search radar all green . set for maximum range , maximum sweep . again CUT between the pilot and bombardier , as bombardier call each piece of equipment in turn , and pilot check they on he list . lt . zogg both electronic detector set to swing from stud a through H. we see , on the bulky electronic detector , a small rotor arm move rapidly through the sequence of stud setting , and flick back to start again . major kong a through h be correct . lo. quiffer ( d.s.o . ) Main interference link to electronic detector . fight interference on readi - ness state . major kong check . lo. quiffer missile and plane flight path computer show four green . we see the four light winking on a off in rotation on the computer . major kong check . lo. quiffer Zomby set to knock out local air defense four hundred mile from primary . lo. zogg target approach radar tuning be right . all approach transparency be check , one through twenty - five . we see bombardier take one of the transparency , slide it over approach radarscope . major kong check target approach . lt . zogg bomb door circuit be green , bomb release circuit be green , bomb fusing circuit be green . major kong check , all bomb circuit green . okay , lothar . lo. zogg when do you want to arm the bomb for the primary , Major ? major kong as soon as I have check over the route . about five minute . all right ? lo. ballmuff in thirty second count - down clock should read eight - three minute , King . 32a count-down clock Pilot 's hand set clock to " 83 " 33 dawn - ls - burpelson AIR force base all the security detail be in position , and everything be cover by a peaceful hush . 34 cu - general jack D. ripper pointing a 45 automatic - int . he office he gesture with the gun in a weirdly amiable way . general ripper sit down , Major mandrake . 34a master shot major mandrake close the door behind he and sit . major mandrake ( smile nervously ) what 's the gun for , General ripper ? general ripper please do not take any notice of this weapon , Major . I love all weapon , and as of late , I have just take to keep a load weapon nearby at all time . major mandrake ( laugh shakily ) sort of like a new hobby , huh , General ? general ripper that 's right , Major . major mandrake still hold the little transistor radio which softly play a rock and roll tune . he smile , idiotically . general ripper ( softly ) I see you be play you radio , Major . be not that contrary to my instruction for the personnel of this base ? major mandrake oh , it 's not my radio , sir . I pick it up in the communication center . general ripper I do not mean for anyone to play anyone else 's radio either , Major . major mandrake yes , sir . General , can I ask a question ? general ripper certainly , Major mandrake . you be a good officer , and you can ask I a question any time you want to . major mandrake well , General ripper , sir -- I be think -- we be on a condition red , be not we ? general ripper that be correct , Major . major mandrake and a condition red mean enemy attack in progress , do not it ? general ripper you know the regulation well , Major . major mandrake well , sir , I be think , if a enemy attack be in progress , how come the radio 's still play music ? it 's suppose to go off , and all we should hear be Civil Defense broadcast . general ripper that 's a good question , Major . maybe if you think hard , you can think of the answer yourself . major mandrake ( timidly ) well , I be think , maybe a enemy attack be not in progress ? general ripper and if that be true ? major mandrake wrinkle he forehead apprehensively . major mandrake ( cautiously ) but then , sir , why have you issue the order : wing attack , plan -r ? general ripper because I think it proper , Major . why else would you think I would do it ? 34 b cu - major mandrake - as the full truth sink in major mandrake you mean you be ... start ... the War , sir ? 34c master shot general ripper suppose that be the case ? major mandrake ( awe-struck ) but -- why ... that would be a awful thing to do , sir . general ripper perhaps , Major . perhaps . pour I a scotch and soda , please . and help yourself to whatever you like . major mandrake rise unsteadily and go to the build - in wall bar . general ripper do not fret about it , Major . there 's nothing anyone can do about it now . I be the only one who know the three - letter code group for the crm - 114 . major mandrake I know that , sir . general ripper we have come a long way since World War ii , Major . and the lesson we have learn be all in plan -r . mandrake 's hand tremble as he pour the drink . major mandrake I suppose they be , sir . general ripper you be damned right they be . major mandrake how much soda , sir . general ripper just a squirt . he give a squirt . major mandrake that about right ? general ripper ( accept drink ) perfect . thank you , Major . and now let 's drink a toast . major mandrake pour himself a big slug and keep it straight . major mandrake ( raise he glass ) what shall we drink to , sir ? general ripper ( with the eye of a zealot ) to peace on earth . they touch glass . major mandrake General ripper , can I ask another question ? general ripper ask away , Major . major mandrake well , General -- I be wonder , why be you do this ? I mean why do you want to start the war ? general ripper I have give it alot of think , Major . do not think I have not . major mandrake no , sir . I mean I do not think you have not give it a lot of think . general ripper do you remember what clemenceau once say about war ? major mandrake I do not think so , sir . general ripper he say war be too important a matter to be leave to Generals . major mandrake I see . general ripper when he say it , fifty year ago , he might have be right . but today , war be too important to be leave to the politician . do you follow I , Major ? major mandrake I be try to , sir . general ripper you see , Major , at this very moment , while we sit and chat , a decision be be make by the President in the War room . he know that the enemy will pick up we plane on they radar in about twenty minute . major mandrake but when they do , sir , will not they hit back with everything they have get ? general ripper if we have not take any further action , they certainly will . doyyourhappen to remember the statistic on we casualty in the event of a full - scale enemy attack ? major mandrake well , I think I remember read the report on that . be not it something like a hundred and sixty million ? general ripper that 's close enough , Major . major mandrake but then why do you want to kill a hundred and sixty million of we people , sir ? general ripper you be be dense , Major . I certainly do not general ripper ( cont ) want to kill so many of we people . and neither do the President . now look , Major mandrake . what happen if the President immediately order we entire missile force to hit enemy airfield , missile and basis ? major mandrake I suppose we might catch they off they guard . general ripper we missile would impact before my plane be even discover by the enemy , would not they ? major mandrake I guess so . general ripper I know so , Major . I know so . and add to that , the whole Air Command force be commit to clobber everything they have get . major mandrake but even then , we would not get everything . I mean some missile would abort , or they would miss they target , or maybe the enemy have some secret basis we do not know about . general ripper you be absolutely right . you forget to mention they nuclear sub . but it would not matter . sure we would not get off without get we hair muss , but we would prevail . I do not think we would lose more than fifty million people , top . major mandrake ( hesitatingly ) but if you just let thing alone , we would not lose anyone . general ripper Major mandrake , I guess you do not follow what 's go on too closely , do you ? major mandrake where , sir ? general ripper ( smile patronisingly ) where ? everywhere , Major . everywhere . major mandrake nod , blankly . general ripper ( cont ) have you read much about the disarmament talk , Major ? major mandrake well , I know they have be go on for year , and they have not get any place . general ripper not yet , Major . not yet . major mandrake and I guess they will not until they agree to let we inspect inside they country . general ripper you be very naive , Major . do not they say they want disarmament ? major mandrake yes , sir . but so do we . general ripper but we mean it because we be a peace - loving country . be they a peace - loving country , Major . major mandrake I do not know , sir . but they be just as anxious to avoid a nuclear war as we be . War just do not make sense any more , for anybody . general ripper but war do not make sense precisely because the weapon can kill a entire country -- right ? major mandrake right . general ripper ( the prosecutor make he point ) then do not you realize the bomb give we peace not War ? and , if that 's the case , I ask you again : why do they want disarmament ? major mandrake ( despair ) well , sir , like I say , for the same reason we do . I mean , all the expert say the most likely way for War to start nowadays be by a accident , or a mistake , or by some mentally unbalance person -- ( let he voice trail off ) mandrake 's discretion be unnecessary for it would never occur to general ripper that anyone would think he mentally unbalance . general ripper go on , Major . major mandrake ( gain confidence ) I be just go to say , as long as the weapon exist , sooner or later something 's go to happen -- and that will be it for both country . general ripper I have hear the argument . like napoleon 's quote , " there 's one thing you can not do with a bayonet , and that 's - sit on it . " major mandrake that 's right , sir . and do not forget in a few year a lot of other country will have the bomb . what if they start something ? general ripper go on , Major . you fascinate I . major mandrake well , sir , I remember a example that point out that if a system be safe on 99.99 % of the day of the year , give average luck it would fail in thirty year . major mandrake pause to look for daylight . ripper return he gaze , steadily . general ripper I still ask , why do they want disarmament ? major mandrake well , for the same reason we do , sir . do not you see ? general ripper no , Major , I do not . they have no regard for human life . they would not care if they lose they whole country as long as they win . major mandrake gee , sir , that last remark do not exactly make all the sense in the world . general ripper ( angrily ) Major , you be talk like one of they ! major mandrake ( shook ) well , I be not , sir . honestly , sir . general ripper do not be offended , Major . we President hold the same view . major mandrake do not you think he know something about this , General ripper ? general ripper I will tell you what I do think . if they say they be for disarmament , I say anyone who say they be for disarmament be either a traitor or a damned fool . major mandrake but , General , we be on we toe . we have not agree to anything for year . inffact , a a lot of people say we never will . general ripper but if they suddenly open up and give we the inspection we want , we would agree , would not we ? major mandrake if they give we what we think we need , yes , I guess we would . general ripper and you would like to see that ? major mandrake General , what 's good enough for the President and all the expert he 's get work on the thing , be good enough for I . general ripper do you think we would cheat ? major mandrake no , sir . I be sure we would not . general ripper do you think they would cheat ? major mandrake look , sir . I be no expert on the subject , but I have read some pretty sharp idea the big boy have . like , say , both country agree to a million dollar reward and international protection for anyone who give evidence of cheating to the inspector . you can not hide that thing without a lot of people know about it . and if I be go to try and hide a few , I would not want to depend on the fact that some poor slob be not go to run and blab for a million buck . we be as smart as they be , and if they cheat , or even hold back information , we would pull right out . general ripper ( shaking he head ) Major , I hate to say this , but I think you have be enemy indoctrinated , and you do not even know it . 35 dawn - ext . governemt build 36 int . war room - command bridge Air Force General " buck " schmuck be speak as the scene open . the huge , polished wood table be neatly spread with the remain of breakfast . egg and bacon , melon , toast , silver thermos jug of coffee , pastry , and glass of ice water . general " buck " schmuck in conclusion , I should like to observe that : one , we hope for recalling the 843rd bomb wing be next to nothing . two , in about fifteen minute the enemy will be make radar contact with we plane . Three , when they do , they will go absolutely ape , and strike back with everything they have get . four , if prior to this we have not do anything to suppress they retaliatory ability , we will suffer virtual annihilation - in round number a hundred and fifty million kill . five , if we immediately launch a all - out missile attack on they basis , we stand a excellent chance of catch they off guard . in that event , we will destroy the bulk of they retaliatory strength , prevail in the struggle , and suffer relatively modest and acceptable civilian casualty . he pause and confidently look around the table . the president stare at he inscrutably . general " buck " schmuck if I may , I would like to illustrate my conclusion with a very brief story . ( a squinty - eye smile ) I play guard on my high - school football team . I be not particularly big for the line , and my coach once tell I something I have never for - get . " schmucko " he say - that be what they call I in that day - " schmucko , always remember this . the harder you hit the other fellow , the less you will get hurt . " ( confidently check each game ) my recommendation be that we follow General ripper 's action to its logical end . in other word , to hit the other fellow as hard as we can ! no one say anything . admiral percy buldike what 's you estimate of casualty if we strike first ? admiral percy buldike be a model of the crisp , tough navy man . his lean , rugge feature be light by a obvious intelligence . general " buck " schmuck under that circumstance , oh , I would say for we twenty to fifty million , depend on the break . for the enemy , something on the order of fifty million , if we stick to military target . admiral percy buldike you be very casual about that figure , General schmuck . general " buck " schmuck not at all , Admiral buldike . naturally , we all deeply regret such a sad loss - and let I be the first to say , I do not like the idea one bit that we would be clobber they woman and child . but quit a few of they basis be very close to city and town , and to would be unavoidable . president muffley well , gentleman , do you concur with General schmuck ? there be a nervous silence . general " buck " schmuck mister President , regretable as such a choice be , there be a quantitative difference between fifty and a hundred and fifty million of we dead . president Buck . suppose I say to you I be go to cut away one quarter of you body - but not to worry because you would still be three - quarter good , even if that three - quarter be rather monstrously deform and helplessly crippled . general schmuck I do not think that 's a fair analogy , sir . president muffley Admiral buldike ? the admiral squirm . admiral buldike ( shaking he head ) I do not know ... I just do not know . president muffley General faceman ? he hesitates like a poker player decide whether to make a call . general faceman ( cooly ) I be afraid I have to flatly disagree with General schmuck 's proposal . I do not see how we can just cold - bloodedly hit they . enter turgidson , a senior presidential aide . all eye turn to he . turgidson mister President , I have get they ambassador wait upstairs . president muffley good ! any difficulty ? turgidson I be afraid so , and he 's have a fit about the squad of m.p. 's . president muffley can not be help . have he bring down here right away . turgidson ( exit ) I would better do it myself . president schmuck you be not go to let he in here - in the War room ? president muffley the ambassador be here on my order . general schmuck but he will hear everything we be say . and if he just look out of that window , he will see everything we be do . ( schmuck refer to the War room proper ) president muffley ( scowl ) that 's the idea , General schmuck . ( turn to zlat , another senior aide ) Zlat ! zlat Sir ? the president look up at a row of clock which indicate world time zone . president muffley Zlat , it 's three - forty - five in the afternoon they time . put through a blitz priority telephone call to Premier belch . try he at he office . zlat ( hesitates ) we have never communicate with he on such a informal basis before . it 's possible he will not take the call . president muffley if they will not , Zlat , you will tell whoever you get on the phone , a couple of dozen of they city may be take out within the next hour and a half . he will take the call . zlat ( exit ) yes , sir . president muffley frankenstein ! another senior civilian aide . frankenstein yes , sir . president muffley frankenstein , I will need a complete communication system set up between this room and the Premier . at least a dozen telephone circuit , radio , tele - printer - the work . frankenstein I do not think any of the maintenance or installation man be in at this hour of the morning sir . president muffley ( sourly ) try , frankenstein ! try ! frankenstein ( exit , unhappily ) I will try , sir . but I do not think it will do any good . a phone ring . 36a various shot - everyone freeze admiral buldike be close to the phone . admiral buldike hello ?... yes ... who be this ?... I see ... just a moment . president muffley ( softly ) be it he ? admiral buldike ( cover phone ) no , sir . I believe it 's personal for General schmuck . general schmuck ( puzzle ) personal ? admiral buldike yes . a miss milky way , I think she say . general schmuck close he eye slowly , then assume a very businesslike look and take the phone . general schmuck hello ?... yes , miss Way ... no , that 's quite all right ... uh- huh ... I be a little tie up right now , miss Way . CUT to 36 b miss milky way - fabulously sprawled across her bed - int . HOTEL room milky way ( southern accent ) Buck , I know you be a General and everything , but if you do not learn to behave in a more gentlemanly way , I be go to have to give up be a typist and take that movie offer ... well , what 's so important ( imitate he ) yes , miss Way . yes , miss Way . well , look now . I be go to take a bath and have breakfast and you come back here soon , you hear I , " Buck " schmuck ? 37 day - AIR shot - b-90 " leper colony " 38 int . b- 90 lo. lothar zogg bomb arming circuit be green , Major Kong . major kong Lieutenant toejam , be you ready for bim and bam ? lo. toejam ready , Major . 38a various cu - insert intercut the actual arming be depict as need initial action by three of the and bombardier , simultaneously . major kong primary arming switch . lo. toejam primary arming switch . 38 b various cu - intercut both pilot and radio depress a switch guard by a safety trip , mark " l " . on the bombardier 's control panel two greenlight glow . lo. zogg primary circuit be live . major kong primary trigger switch . lo. toejam primary trigger switch . Pilot and radio again depress a switch mark trigger . again two green light glow on bombardier 's control panel . he depress he own trigger switch . a third green light appear . lo. zogg primary trigger circuit be live . Radio have now finish he part in the action . he pick up a computer but do not use it , merely hold it as he listen , like the rest of the crew , to the remainder of the arming pro - cedure . lo. zogg release first safety . major kong first safety . the two operate they switch . two light again glow on safety bank of panel . lo. zogg second safety . major kong seond safety . the second pair of liht glow on Safety bank . only one pair now remain unlit . lo. zogg fusing for ten thousand air burst . major kong check , ten thousand air burst . we see bombardier turn nob set . needle creep round dial to ten thousand . bombardier press in succession three control button mark : Electronic , barometric , and time . he wait while the appropriate three light glow on . lo. zogg Electronic , barometric , and time fusing all set for ten thousand air . pause , push back hair . lo. zogg master safety . major kong master Kong . bombardier and pilot now press the last remain switch , clearly mark " master safety " . the two remain light on Safety panel glow , and bombardier glance quickly at the bank row of glow light . lo. zogg primary bomb be live . major kong all right , lothat , that do it . master safety on now until bomb run . lo. zogg master safety on . they put the master safety switch up , and on the bombardier 's panel we see the two final light go off . 39 dawn - burpelson AIR force base 40 various cut - defense team waiting 41 machine gun position fifty yard outside wire perimeter fence , a first - sergeant and two private be hunch over a .30 calibre air-cool machine gun . 41a they see down road about three hundred yard away , a jeep and three troop truck cautiously approach . private stiffsocks how do we know they be saboteur ? sergeant blunt ( peer through binocular ) how do you know they be not ? private tung shut up , Charlie . you hear what the General say - two hundred yard . the vehicle continue closer . sergeant blunt ( swinging binocular ) there 's eight more truck on the North road ! we see the eight truck about two mile away . private stiffsocks I suppose they must be subversive or saboteur . why else would they suddenly be come at four in the morning ? private tung natch . 41b other cut around base perimeter of base defense team watch over they weapon . 41c various cut - action sequence sergeant blunt ( calmly ) okay , stiffsock , open up . the machine gun fire three longish blast which spray across the path of the land jeep . it swerve into a ditch and turn over . the convoy stop and we see troops leap out of the truck , dis - persing into the field on each side of the road . many be only partly dress . two man drag the injure from the overturn jeep . 41 various cut - troops waiting the scattered fire gradually stop . all we hear be insect and the distant sound of the second truck convoy . a loudspeaker suddenly click on in the distance . colonel " bat " guano ( loudspeaker ) this be Colonel " bat " guano of the 701st special service battalion . why be you man fire on we ? silence . private stiffsocks should we answer ? sergeant blunt keep down , you dope , and open up on the first one who show he head . colonel " bat " guano this be Colonel guano . we be on a mission from the President . we want to enter the base and speak to General ripper . silence . private tung brother , that 's a beauty . a special mission from the President . sergeant blunt I will say one thing . you have get to give the enemy credit for organization and plan . 41e various cut two hundred yeard away a skirmish party of a dozen or so man , widely space about thirty yeard apart , rise out of the grass and begin to work its way forward . private stiffsocks ( under he breath ) they have get gut too . the machine gun fire . Three man be hit immediately , the other dive for cover . the fire stop . ten second of silence . colonel " bat " guano this be Colonel guano . Men , you be fire on you own troops . unless you surrender within sixty second , I be under order to return you fire . 42 day - flying shot - b-90 " leper colony " 43 int . b- 90 - navigator be hunch over he master search radarscope . see coastline come at top of tube . lo. ballmuff we should be crossing the coast in about six minute . major kong thanks , binky . can you see bromdingna Island yet ? lo. ballmuff ( concentrate on scope ) I do not think so . he adjust the brilliance of the radarscope . 43a radarscope we see two flash of light . 43 b various cut - action sequence lo. quiffer ( d.s.o. ) missile ! sixty mile off , head in fast . steady track , they look like beam rider . major kong Roger , keep call they . ( to co-pilot ) knock off auto-pilot , Ace . the co-pilot reach forward and flip two switch . captain " ace " angst auto-pilot off , King . major kong lock ecm onto master search radar . lo. quiffer ( flipping switch ) ecm lock to master search radar . he look at the large ecm ( Electronic -counter - measure ) control panel . it be a electronic marvel with all the appropriate blink light , gauge , and oscillograph . he speak to himself . lo. quiffer ( to ecm ) you big , beautiful brain , you better start think . he give the panel a pat . captain angst where do you suppose they be fire from ? major kong quentin , have you pick up any aircraft ? lo. quiffer just the missile . major kong they must have be fire from bromdingna - probably one of they new vampire - 202' . they have get a range well over a hundred mile . lo. quiffer forty -five . still come straight and fast . twelve o' clock . major kong speed ? lo. quiffer between Mach 3 and 4. major kong call they every five mile . lo. quiffer thirty -five , still straight . 43c various cut to crew during sequence , as they sweat it out . lo. quiffer twenty ! twelve o' clock and straight . 43d various cut to radarscope tracking the missile . lo. quiffer twenty ! twelve o' clock . major kong maximum ecm ! the bombadier flip six switch . various indicator light up . lo. zogg maximum ecm . lo. quiffer Fifteen ! twelve o' clock . while d.s.o. watch it approach . lo. quiffer 14 , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , - Pilot sharply bank the huge jet . 44 day - AIR shot - b-90 in steep diving bank 44a int . b- 90 plane still in steep , diving bank . lo. quiffer four mile , three ... they be turn in on we ! they be come in ! the pilot throw the plane in a violent s-ing , corkscrew maneuver . there be a deafen explosion in the cabin . 45 dawn - government build limousine and jeep be scattered near the entrance which be guard by six m.p. 's . 46 int . war room - ambasador do sade ambassador do sade ( hysterical ) mister President , I demand to be take back to my embassy at once . the ambassador be clad in stripe pyjamas and black , velvet - collare coat . president muffley please be calm , ambassador De sade . ambassador do sade ( bitterly ) you will not get away with this vicious attack on we peace- loving people . the ambassador yammer away under the president 's speech . president muffley waffel ! waffel Sir ! president muffley please see how they be get along on the call to Premier belch . waffel ( exit ) yes , sir . ambassador do sade Premier belch will not be fool by this fantastic lie . general schmuck ( double he fist ) mister President , be you go to let this stooge talk to you like this ? the president step in front of the ambassador to protect he . president muffley General schmuck ! ambassador De sade be here as my guest . he be to be treat with the proper respect . general schmuck skulk off , scowling . general schmuck if you say so , sir . the ambassador be obviously afraid schmuck be go to slug he . ambassador do sade ( turn after schmuck ) War-mongering bully ! do not think you be go to intimidate I ! president muffley all right , mister ambassador ! but you must treat General " Buck " schmuck with the respect due he . the ambassador slump down in he chair , miserably . ambassador do sade ( pathetically ) can I have a glass of water ? president muffley certainly - how about some breakfast ? ambassador do sade ( shrug interestedly ) possibly some coffee ? president muffley ( gesture ) moffo ! moffo , a clean - cut aide . moffo ( step forward ) would you like anything else with it , mister ambassador ? ambassador do sade ( unhappily ) I reall should not . I will ruin my diet . moffo oh , surely you can break you diet a little today , sir . ambassador do sade ( shrug , sourly ) all right - I would like orange juice , three fry egg turn over , bacon , toast , coffee , and some sweet roll . moffo and pencil catch up . moffo I will have it bring right down . ambassador do sade ( grudgingly ) thank you . oh - and can you bring I a pack of ambassador do sade ( cont ) cigarettes - any filter brand ? exit , moffo . admiral buldike ( hold out a pack ) here , have one of mine . the ambassador take a cigarette . admiral buldike light it with he ronson . ambassador do sade ( exhaling ) thank you , Admiral . president muffley now , mister ambassador . in a very few moment we should have Premier belch on the phone . I intend to tell he exactly what have happen . I merely want you to authenticate certain fact for he . ambassador do sade ( look up suspiciously ) the food - you would not put - anything in it , would you ? president muffley do not be ridiculous . ambassador do sade I have you word , mister President ? president muffley yes , of course . general schmuck ( savagely , from across the room ) we do not operate like you kgb boy . president muffley knock it off will you , General ? ( to crudley , a aide ) crudley , find out what 's hold up that call ! exit crudley . ambassador do sade where be you try to reach he ? president muffley at he office in the Capitol . ambassador do sade if he 's not there , try ... ( think ) 87 - 43 - 56 . president muffley do you get that , kulnick ? kulnick nod and exit . during the next speech , ambassador do sade sidle up to the huge plate- glass window open out to the War room . as he talk , he sneak out a minox camera , and take a picture . ambassador do sade his office will not have that number . it 's a very special phone number , and the Premier can not trust he secretary not to tell he wife . general schmuck have see he take the photograph and strike like a cat , grab for the camera . general schmuck ( grapple for camera ) okay , pal - I will take that ! the both fumble for the tiny camera . ambassador do sade do not you dare touch I ! what the devil do you think you be do ? general schmuck I catch you red-hand , mister ambassador . ambassador do sade give that back to I . general schmuck ( flourishing camera ) what do you think of this , mister President ? ( triumphant ) I tell you we should not let he in here . president muffley what 's the meaning of this ? ambassador do sade I be sorry . sub-miniature photography be my hobby . it 's amazing what excellent en - largement you can make from the negative . president muffley ( annoyed ) I will hold this , if you do not mind . you can have it back when you leave . 47 day - AIR shot - b-90 a thin wisp of smoke trail from inside port pod . 48 int . b- 90 all dialogue come rapid-fire , amidst cough , wiping eye , etc . major kong ( flipping switch ) shut down three and four . captain angst Fire system operate on three and four . lo. quiffer ( look in scope ) radar okay . no more missile . captain angst ( flipping switch ) everyone on emergency oxygen . major kong ( flipping switch ) all right ... we be still fly . I be take she down to the deck . 49 day - AIR shot - b-90 - steep descent 50 int . b- 90 major kong give I revs for maximum speed at sea level . lo. ballmuff you know what that will do to we fuel consumption . major kong can not help it . what 's the wind like ? lo. quiffer should not be bad . might even help . but my guess be we be go to have to paddle we way back . major kong we will worry about that later . okay , I will take damage report . 51 int . general jack D. ripper's office the pop of small arm fire outside . ripper still have major mandrake at the mercy of he .45 . stray burst of small arm fire have smashed the window , and occasionally a few shot tear up the wall . both man be on the floor . general ripper be philosophically drunk and very sentimental . general ripper ( sit on the floor ) you know , when I be a kid , I use to read a lot . I love to read . one of my favorite be the " jungle Book " by kipling . do you ever read it , Major ? major mandrake lie flat on the floor and tremble with fear . major mandrake I do not think so . a rifle shot splatter the window again . mandrake flinch . general ripper you should . in particular , read the story of the little mongoose , call riki-tiki-tavi , because of the noise he make . he be take in as a house pet . in the garden of the house live a couple of cobras , and pretty soon the mongoose kill the male cobra because he 's lay for the man of the house . major mandrake manage a brave but idiotic smile . general ripper but the female cobra be leave , and she 's get a clutch of egg which will hatch a dozen young cobras . she decide riki have to go . she say so , and she mean it . the little mongoose weigh up the odd . he can handle the cobra if she come after he . he just have to keep he eye open and be ready for she at any time . but once the egg hatch and the young cobras become dangerous - he 's go . he can not handle that many at once . a longish burst of automatic fire rake across the wall , window height , drop three frame 8 x 10 photograph of Air Force Generals . general ripper so he wait he chance , and when the female cobra be cause mischief somewhere else , he break the egg . he have to kill the young cobras since it 's just a matter of time before they kill he . so he act and he life . he be safe , the people in the house be safe . they can live they life in peace . general ripper be glassy - eye with emotion . major mandrake nod , stupidly . general ripper Major , pour two more drink , please . major mandrake creep to the bar . general ripper ( as if mandrake be somehow derelict in he duty ) Major , that be my boy out there die . major mandrake ( make drink ) yes , sir . why do not you stop the fight , sir ? general ripper look at he watch and begin to nod . he keep nodd for about thirty second . general ripper you be a good officer , Major mandrake . you think of you man first . major mandrake crawl over with the drink . general ripper ( raise glass , moodily ) to peace on earth , Major . major mandrake ( mumble ) peace on earth . they drink . ripper start nodd again . ripper pick up the p.a. mike and fumble for the switch . general ripper this be General ripper speak . there have be a unfortunate mistake . you have be fight we own troops . they be not saboteur . you will cease fire immediately . I repeat , cease fire imediately . good work , man . I be proud of you . shut off button . major mandrake General , now that you have do that , I beg you to recall the wing . general ripper Major , I happen to believe in a life after this one , so I believe I will have to answer for what I have do . I think I can . they touch glass and drink . general ripper ( choke with pride ) Major , go out there and stop the fight . major mandrake exit , close the door behind he . 51a cu - general ripper tear roll down he gallantly insane face . he pick up he .45 automatic . 52 int . war room a telephone be place on the conference table . zlat ( speak in a strange foreign language ) he cover the mouthpiece . zlat ( excited ) they have get Premier belch on the line . he 's at that other number . ( make a inappropriately suggestive hint ) but he interpreter be with he . you will actually talk to he , and he will shoot a simultaneous translation from you to the Premier , and vice vrsa . the president take a deep breath , sit down , and take the phone . he think for a moment , force a relax look , and speak . president muffley hello ... hello ... Premier belch ... how be you ? ... this be merkin ... yes , merkin muffley . how be you ?... merkin muffley ... sure it be ... just a second , will you hold on a second ? to ambassador do sade . president muffley he do not believe I . ( hand phone ) please do not tell he more than that . do sade nod worriedly . ambassador do sade ( we hear a strange foreign language understanding the name merkin muffley ) I tell he the call be genuine . do sade hand the phone back . president muffley hello ?... yes ... uh-huh ... certainly I understand ... oh someone try it on you once before ... look , belch , I will tell you why I call ... hello ... hello ... can you hear I ?... say , could they turn the music down a little ?... oh , well , could they stop play ?... oh , good , I think we lose the connection there for a minute ... yes , I hear you very clearly ... well , look ... ( clear throat ) you know how we have always talk about the possibility of something go wrong ?... with the h-bomb ...uh- huh ... that 's right ... well , it happen ... hello ?... can you still hear I ?... what ?... not missile - plane ... that 's right ... b- 90' ... that 's right ... thirty - four of they ... in about a hour and a half ...uh- huh ... uh- huh ... uh- huh ... well , how do you think I feel about it ?... I know that ... uh- huh ... uh- huh ... well , why do you think I be call you ?... to work some - thing out on this disarmament thing ... uh- huh ... sure , but you have not be reasonable ... uh- huh ... uh-huh ... look belch ... look , we be waste time ... uh-huh ... a base commander ... we be not sure ... well , we think he 's go psycho ... have a mental breakdown ... we be try to do that ... we be do that right now ... well , we have get we finger cross ... we be hope ... we be try that too ... uh-huh ... uh- huh ... uh- huh ... that 's not fair for you to say ... we be do everything we possibly can ... certainly ... sure I can imagine ... uh- huh ... president muffley ( cont ) uh-huh ... uh- huh ... look , there 's something else . we want to give you Air staff a complete rundown on the target , flight plan , and defensive system of the plane ... no , it 's on the level ... sure I hate to do a thing like that , but at this point it 's get to be a case of one hand scratch the other ... co-operate ... right now ... who should they call ?... the people 's Central Air Defense headquarters ?... where ?... in karnak ?... right ... you will call they first ... uh- huh ... do you happen to have the phone number ?... just ask karnak information ?... ( he gesture to general schmuck who exit the room ) what 's that ?... yes , I be listen ... uh- huh ... uh-huh ... a hundred thousand megaton ... cobalt - thorium - G case ?... what 's that for ?... uh- huh ... uh- huh ... irrevocable and automatic ?... uh- huh ... why do not you let we know ?... sure I know the Party Congress be next week ... certainly I understand .. but what be we suppose to do about it now ?... right ... okay , well , how long will it take for you to get back to you office ?... right , well call I back as soon as you do ... bedlock 3 - 3333 , extension , 2497 ... if you forget , just ask for I ... right ... bye - bye . hang up phone . president muffley ( to ambassador do sade ) the Premier say that have get a doomsday Machine that can kill all human life on earth - be that true ? 53 int . AIR command communications CENTER about a dozen Air Force language expert be communicate via radio , give the information . 54 day - b-90 " leper colony " - flying shot - several cut 55 int . war room all eye be direct to ambassador do sade . ambassador do sade ( shaking he head ) it be to have be announce at the party congress next week . I do not know the fool would make it operational until then . do sade be plainly shake and swallow some iced water . general faceman ( skeptical ) well , what the hell be a doomsday Machine ? ambassador do sade ( pale ) May I have a cigarette ? general faceman give he a cigarette and light it , as he continue . ambassador do sade ( shaking he head ) well , it 's ridiculously simple , really . as you all know , the intense , lethal radio - activity from a so-called normal nuclear device dissipate itself at a certain rate . something like __________after the first hour , ___________after twenty - four hour , until at the end of a week , it 's just________ of its lethal dose . he take a deep drag on the cigarette , hold it , and exhales . ambassador do sade well , it have be explain to I that , if you add a thick cobalt - thorium - G jacket to a nuclear device , the radio - activity result from such a nuclear explosion will retain its lethal power for a hundred year . ambassador do sade ( continue ) we scientist calculate that the detonation of fifty of we biggest nuclear device , jackete in cobalt - thorium - G would enshroud the earth in a hundred year of lethal radio- activity from which no human life could escape . in ten month the Earth would be as dead as the Moon . president muffley where be this ... thing ? ambassador do sade it be bury somewhere in the grudd Mountains . general schmuck ( suspiciously ) do you mean to say you would set it off in you own country ? ambassador do sade naturally . it would kill we just as surely even if we set it off in you country . but this way we know it 's safe , and we do not have the problem of deliver it . general schmuck mister President , I can not buy this malarkey ; they would not set the damn thing off . why should they ? ambassador do sade you be absolutely right . we would not . no sane nation ever would . that 's why it be design to trigger itself automatically . general schmuck then all you have to do be untrigger it . ambassador do sade ah , but if we be able to untrigger it , that would be defeat its purpose . all we enemy would have to do , would be to warn we in advance that they be go to violate one of we unalterable trigger condition . we would bluff , naturally , but in the end we would be insane not to untrigger it . now we can say : there be no point try to intimidate we , we do not control the doomsday Machine . president muffley ( scornfully ) mister ambassador , what on earth possess you country to build this weapon ? ambassador do sade first of all , economic reason . it be cheap . the entire project cost just a fraction of what we spend in a single year on we various space and missile program . it also seem ideal in most other respects . it be terrifying , convincing , automatic , and extremely simple to understand . he puff the cigarette . ambassador do sade still , any of we leader oppose it on the grounds : yes , all well and good , but what happen if it have to be use ? he sigh . ambassador do sade but , finally , one factor tip the scale . we receive information from a very be - liable source that you country be go to build one . president muffley that 's preposterous ! we have no such program ! ambassador do sade the source be ... shall we say , completely reliable . president muffley the report be entirely untrue . I can assure you of that . general schmuck damn it , mister President . I have be warning for year that we be still riddled with traitor . while the follow dialogue continue , moffo enter with a large tray of food . as unobtrusively as possible , he place it on the conference table , and ambassador do sade pull up a chair with gusto . president muffley funkel ! a thin -face , studious man step forward . funkel yes , sir . president muffley do we have anything like this in the work ? funkel I would hear some talk , but I would not like to say for sure , mister President . president what ??? funkel , you be suppose to be my scientific advisor ! do not you know ? funkel perhaps didley , in weapon evaluation might know . didley , a short , crew - cut , studious chap in he early forty , smoking a pipe . didley ( smile manfully ) I be afraid not , sir . but possibly von klutz in Research and development ? von klutz ( firmly ) I have not hear of it , sir ! ambassador do sade perhaps you gentleman would like to check with the source ? general schmuck you mean you will tell we he name ??? ambassador do sade it 's not a he , General . it be a article in the " Times " about a year and a half ago . various ad lib what ? the " Times " ?? I always know it have subversive tendency . ambassador do sade we get much of we most dependable information from the " Times " . as I recall the article say a Doctor otto strangelove , at the bland Corporation , be work on the idea . naturally , you could not expect we to believe he would be do such a thing as a hobby ! there be a soft knock , and the door open without wait for a reply . major nonce , one of general schmuck 's Air Force aide , enter . general schmuck yes , nonce . what be it ? major nonce ( factually ) gentlemen , we have just receive word that the base at burpelson have surrender . 56 int . general ripper's office the scene open as if on a still photograph . major mandrake stand motionless and expressionless in the bullet - splatter office . camera move and reveal general ripper grotesquely sprawle , face down , on the floor behind he desk , the .45 nearby . mandrake kneel next to ripper and confirm he be dead . mandrake rise and lean on the desk . he see a wallet of photograph neatly laid out , obviously ripper 's mother and father . examine the clutter on ripper 's desk , he notice a rule yellow legal - size tablet . there be a number of box , heavily draw . camera move in closer to tablet . we see a repetition of the phrase " peace on Earth . " it be scribble about eight time . 56a colonel " bat " guano - enter - pyjama top and battle gear a tough , crew - cut , youngish ( 35 ) battalion commander . carbine sling over he shoulder , helmet hang from carbine , he swagger into the office stand for a moment , hand on hip , surveying the scene . major mandrake be seat at the desk , stare off into space and apparently babbling utter nonsense . major mandrake ( weirdly ) peace on Earth ... peace on Earth ... peace on Earth ... he do not acknowledge colonel " bat " guano 's presence . colonel guano stare at he suspiciously . colonel " bat " guano ( softly ) Major ?... Major ? I be Colonel " bat " guano , 701 battalion . major mandrake ( pinching the bridge of he nose and grimace ) come in ... come in ... peace on Earth ... peace on Earth ...yes ... colonel " bat " guano why be you say that phrase over and over again ? major mandrake I think that just might be it ! although it could be riki-tiki-tavi . colonel " bat " guano ( scowl , suspiciously ) what be you talk about , Major ? major mandrake ( start to babble ) the three - letter code group . or maybe some combination of the three letter . p...o...e , or p...e...o , or e...o... p... let 's see , there would be six possible combination . colonel " bat " guano ( shouting ) get a grip on yourself , Major ! major mandrake it might still be worth try riki-tiki - tavi . r...t... t... there 's only three combination of -- t...t...r , or t...r... t... colonel guano give major mandrake a open-handed whack in the face ! mandrake let out a howl of pain . colonel " bat " guano now , snap out of it , fella ! major mandrake ( hold face ) who the hell do you think you be , sir ??? colonel guano ( John Wayne ) I do that for you own good , fella . now I be not go to pull rank on you . when this be over , I will be happy to step outside with you and settle this thing . right now my order be to locate General ripper and put he on the phone with the President . major mandrake well , you can not do that because he 's dead . he point to the floor behind the desk . colonel guano step forward and look at the body . he kneel and examine the body , suspiciously . colonel guano move carefully to the other side of the desk , unsling he carbine , and cover major mandrake . colonel guano do you have any witness , Major ? major mandrake what ? colonel guano what happen , Major ? some kind of private beef between the two of you ? major mandrake ( incredulous ) look , I do not shoot he ! colonel guano we will have to leave that up to the C.I.D. boy , will not we , Major ? major mandrake look , Colonel . I have get to talk to somebody at Air Command . colonel guano do not worry , Major . you rights will be fully protect . major mandrake Colonel , do not you know what 's go on ? colonel guano sure I do . there be some kind of mutiny on the base , and you kill General ripper . major mandrake look , General ripper go off he rocker and order the 843rd bomb wing to attack with h-bomb . colonel guano ( smile ) you must think I be a awful sap , Major . ( major mandrake start to move ) just sit down , fella , and keep you hand on the desk ! major mandrake do not they tell you ? colonel guano ( shaking head ) they tell I , Major . and I do not hear anything about any atomic attack . major mandrake ( talk slowly and simple ) look , Colonel . you keep I cover , but let I just pick up this red telephone that connect to Air Command headquarters . okay ?... I will not play any trick on you ... okay ? colonel guano can not think of any good reason not to . colonel guano okay , fella . but just move slow and do not do anything that might surprise I . major mandrake sure ... sure , Colonel . now look , I be pick up the phone ... nice and slow . right ?... hello ? ... hello ? ( he click the receiver ) hello ?... hello ?... gee , it must be edad . probably the line be hit during the fight . colonel guano watch he like a hawk . major mandrake now look , I be pick up this ordinary telephone . see ?... hello ?... hello ?... nut , the line must still be disconnect . ( he smile idiotically ) the General have we disconnect ... ( he let he voice trail off when he see rudley 's weird look of hatred and suspicion ) major mandrake ( desperately ) look , Colonel . maybe it 's too late . maybe they have send Air Command in already . but we have get to try to con - tact somebody . colonel guano on you foot , fella . I have get to get outside and see how my man be . major mandrake okay , Colonel . but look , there 's a pay phone just outside in the hall . maybe that work , huh ? maybe it will work ? what do you think ? colonel guano you have waste enough of my time , fella . major mandrake ( snap he finger ) wait a minute . the President !! that 's it ! the President !!! colonel guano ( suspiciously ) what about the President ? major mandrake he want to talk to General ripper , do not he ? colonel guano ( the wheel turn slowly ) so what ? major mandrake well , I be General ripper 's executive officer . he will want to talk to I . colonel guano 's mind be not prepare for this new twist . he cock he head to one side and study mandrake . major mandrake do not you see ? he will want to talk to I ! and if he find out that you would not let major mandrake ( cont ) he talk to I ... well , I would say you would be in for a pretty severe reprimand , Colonel . quick dissolve 56 b phone booth in hall - mandrake and guano major mandrake be seat in the booth , illuminate by a bright flourescent overhead , he hand on the half - close door . colonel guano lean against the door jamb , listen . his carbine point down , but he grip indicate he be not take any chance . major mandrake ( a lot of change spread out in front of he ) Operator , this be Major mandrake at burpelson Air Force base . I would like to place a emergency call to merkin muffley at the Capitol . that 's right , the President ... try the War room . he smile , hopefully , at colonel guano 's sinister face . major mandrake that 's right , operator , the President ... Operator , how much will that be for the first three minute ?... two dollar and twenty - five cent ? he quickly count he change and see it 's not enough . he start fumble through he pocket . no more change . major mandrake look , operator , can you make this a collect call ? that 's right , Major mandrake from burpelson ... they be not allow to ?... tell they it 's terrifically important ... just a second ... he open the door and address colonel guano . major mandrake Colonel , they be not allow to accept any collect long - distance call . the operator major mandrake ( cont ) say it 's policy . I need fifty - five cent . colonel guano ( contemptuously ) I would not carry loose change go into combat . major mandrake look around desperately . a Coke machine stand next to the phone booth . major mandrake Operator ... how much would the call be station - to-station ?... thirty - five cent cheaper ?... if still be short twenty cent ... just a second , operator ... ( cover mouthpiece ) Colonel , shoot the lock off the Coke machine . ( he point ) there 's bound to be enough change in there . colonel guano ( weakly ) that 's government property , Major . major mandrake Colonel , remember , a reprimand from the President can be pretty serious to a career officer ... just a second , operator , I know I have it somewhere . colonel guano apologetically fire a shot into the coin box . coin spill on the floor in profusion , as well as a stream of Coke in the colonel 's sputtering face . 57 day - b-90 - flying shot - several cut as the " leper colony " press on . 58 int . war room enter , general " buck " schmuck . general schmuck ( with quiet majesty ) mister President , gentlemen , we be save . ad lib ( overlap ) what ? wow ! you mean that be it ? the old know -how . general schmuck bask in the grandeur of the moment . general schmuck it be a variation of " peace on Earth " - ope to be exact . ad lib ( overlap ) can you beat that ? peace on Earth . brother ! the human mind sure be amazing . president muffley have you receive acknowledgement from every plane ? general schmuck they be come in now . president muffley how long will it take to receive they all ? general schmuck I be not certain , mister President . the boy in concom do the pencil work . the tone of general schmuck 's remark be as if to say : I be not you errand boy . president muffley General schmuck , if you do not know the answer , please find out ! general schmuck decide against a head - on collision . general schmuck I believe it will be just a few minute , at the most . president muffley how many plane do we lose ? general schmuck I be not certain , mister President . but I believe it be four . president muffley General faceman , what be the name of the officer who call I from burpelson ? general faceman I do not speak to he , sir . but Colonel " bat " guano be in command of the special service battalion , so I would imagine he do . president muffley I want he upped to brigadier General , and recommend for the d.s.c . general faceman ( beam ) yes , sir . general schmuck I do not know about the rest of you , gentlemen , but I be go to get down on my knee and say a short prayer of thanks . ambassador do sade stand with a flourish of contempt , push away he breakfast tray . ambassador do sade Excuse I , but I be afraid I have many more urgent thing to attend to . I should appreciate it if you would delay you pious moment long enough for I to say something . his tone of voice be load with contempt , challenge , and atheism . president muffley ( darkly ) yes ? ambassador do sade allow I to assure you that my government will not be satisfied with a polite note of regret for this shocking example of aggression against we peace- loving people . the president have just about have it with De sade and be stung by the rudeness of he tone . president muffley damn you , de sade ! you know as well as I do that this be the act of a mentally sick man - a single individual , whose crack - up can probably be trace to the strain and tension cause by you country . ambassador do sade ( haughtily ) it be very convenient to place all the blame on a dead man . president muffley ( fiercely ) how dare you talk to I in this manner ? ambassador do sade scornfully reply with silence . president muffley ( boil with indignation ) this dreadful accident could never have happen if you government have not cynically and hypocritic - ally block every proposal we make for disarmament or arm control !! ambassador do sade ( waspishly ) bah ! all you want to do be spy in we country ! president muffley ( wrathfully ) that 's nonsense , and you know it ! ambassador do sade ( acrimoniously ) I know nothing of the sort ! president muffley ( exasperate ) surely , you do not expect we to destroy we weapon without be able to verify that you be do the same ? ambassador do sade and surely you do not expect we to let you spy in we country before you destroy you weapon . president muffley ( savagely ) do not you realize that despite you incredible distrust and suspicion , that in fact , you place a far great trust in we than inspection would require ? you trust we not to cause a war accidentally - and , of course , we be oblige to place the same trust in you . the president walk close to do sade , eye flash . president muffley ( raging ) be there a single phase of human activity that be free from the idiotic mischance ? how often do we read of bank add three zero to a hundred dollar deposit ? or the postal Department engrave a stamp with the wrong amount ? or a operation perform on the wrong patient ? the president continue with mount fury . president muffley ( shouting rabidly ) the bomb may deter a rational leader from choose deliberate war , but it cannot deter a madman , or a short - circuit , or a error in judgment . and since neither of we can reduce the chance for the idiotic mischance to zero , it simply become a question of when ? zlat have be hold the phone . zlat mister President , I think Premier belch be come back on the line . he 's back in he office . 59 day - low level - flying shot - b-90 - over arctic terrain 60 int . b- 90 - various cut to crew low -level terrain feature flash by . major kong let 's have a rundown on the damage , lothar ? lo. zogg ( bombardier ) everything still check out okay . major kong binky ? lo. binky ballmuff ( navigator ) okay , Major . major kong check . quentin ? lo. quentin quiffer ( peevishly ) look , I have not really be able to check - I be shot . major kong be you hit bad ? lo. quiffer yeah , I get it in the thigh . major kong Lieutenant toejam , why do not you help he ? the radio man , lieutenant terry toejam , be sit right next to the wounded d.s.o . lo. toejam I think I should check out the damage first . my gear be bust up pretty bad . major kong Lieutenant toejam 's go to help you in a minute . can you check you ecm ? lo. quiffer why can not he help I now ? he 's sit two foot away from I ! major kong come on , quentin , be not that pretty selfish , put yourself ahead of the mission ? lo. quiffer look , I be shot - it hurt . major kong ( firmly ) Lieutenant quiffer , we be all sorry you be hit , and we will help you stick it together as soon as we get square away . lo. quiffer look , can not someone help I ? captain angst ( unsympathetically ) King , I be not busy . major kong ( shrug ) Captain angst be come back to help you . lt . toejam Major Kong , I be still try to unravel the lead , but it look hopeless . all radio gear be kaput , include the crm - 114 . I guess we be on we own . 60a cu - crm - 114 - it be smashed and twisted and charree 60 b cu - major kong major kong all right , then , here 's the situation . with we ecm and stay on the deck , they should not be able to track we on radar . we should make it to the primary and take out the missile base . we be burn up alot of fuel at this altitude , and we may not make it back to a useable base . but I think there 's a excellent chance to bail out over neutral territory . 61 int . war room the president speak with the confidence of a salesman after he have close a deal . the ambassador be still there . president muffley hello ?... belch ?... I just want to let you know everything 's all right ... uh- huh ... certainly ... we break the code ... uh- huh ... yes , they have all acknowledge the recall ... uh-huh ... thirty ... originally ?... there be thirty - four ... that 's right - we figure four shot down ... be you sure of that ?... I see ... will you hold it for a second . the president cover the phone and fix a wither look on general " buck " schmuck . president muffley General schmuck , be you positive of you figure ? general schmuck naturally I be , sir . president muffley he say they have only shot down three plane . general schmuck well , if you choose to take he word over mine --- president muffley look , he 's there , and you be here . general schmuck ( nettle ) mister President , there be thirty - four aircraft involved . thirty acknowledge the recall . that make four shot down . president muffley ( back to phone ) hello , be you still there ?... uh- huh ... I will be right back . we be still work this thing out . cover the phone , the president direct himself again to schmuck . president muffley how do you know they be shot down , Buck ? general schmuck well , just common sense , sir . thirty from thirty - four equal four , or my name 's not " Buck " schmuck ! the president dolefully digest general schmuck 's logic . there be a low , squawk sound from the telephone . president muffley hello ?... yes ... what ?... uh- huh ... you be absolutely certain ? ( sigh ) hold it a second , will you ? ( cover phone ) he say they have just receive a report of a single , low - fly B - 90 apparently still continue on a attack mission , to what they assume would be a missile complex at a place call laputa . ad lib what ? impossible ! ridiculous ! during the last part of the president 's speech , another phone ring several time . turgidson pick it up and talk in hushed tone . turgidson ( softly ) General schmuck , it 's miss milky Way again . she insist on speak to you . general schmuck good Lord , turgidson ! I can not talk to she now . turgidson I tell she you be busy , General schmuck , but she get rather huffy . general schmuck ( wearily ) turgidson , tell she I will call she back in a few minute . admiral buldike ( replace phone ) mister President , the latest radar contact indicate the enemy be still building up over the Arctic pack . we estimate five-hundred - plus aircraft . 62 day - low level - b-90 flying shot 63 int . b- 90 - over pilot' shoulder look out over nose of the plane . tree , a road , a cluster of house , a small town , all flash by . 63a various cut and insert the d.s.o. be bandage up and apparently function again . lo. quiffer Major Kong , I have two blip - must be fighter . see insert of radarscope . major kong Roger . lo. quiffer ( look at radarscope again ) fighter close fast - range fifty mile . major kong they must have make a visual contact . lo. quiffer must be Mach two - five stuff . altitude fifteen thousand . major kong they can not touch we at this height . lo. quiffer they be move apart . dissolve 64 int . war room enter general schmuck , shaking he head morosely . general schmuck it 's beginning to look like someone 's make somewhat of a error , sir . the president close he eye and breathes heavily . president muffley ( softly ) yes ? general schmuck well , sir , it look like one aircraft , the " leper colony " , fail to receive the recall . president muffley have you try the recall again ? general schmuck yes , sir . we be still send it . but it 's a funny thing we do not seem to be able to make any contact with the aircraft at all . president muffley what 's the target . general schmuck well , the Premier doped it out pretty well . its primary be they missile base at laputa . the president slump into a chair . president muffley ( mournfully ) be there any chance a single aircraft can penetrate the entire enemy Air Defense , when its course and target be know ? general schmuck ( glance at the ambassador ) if I can speak freely , sir -- look , this guy talk big , but frankly , we think they be short of know -how . you can not just take a bunch of ignorant peasant and expect they to understand a machine like one of we boy , and I do not mean that as a insult , mister ambassador . Hell , we all know what kind of gut you people have . why just look how many million of them that Nazis ( pronounce nazzee ) kill and , hell , they still would not quit . president muffley General , stick to the point , please . general schmuck ( make diving aircraft hand ) well , sir , if the a / c's a really good man , I mean really sharp , why he can barrel that plane along so low - well you just have to see it some time . a real big plane , like a sting Ray , zig - zag in , its jet exhaust fry chicken in the barnyard --- ( almost feverish with excitement ) have he a chance ?..... Hell , yes ! he have one hell of a chance . 65 dusk - low level - b-90 66 int . b-90 various cut lo. quiffer they be start down , King . look like lo. quiffer ( cont ) they be go to cross in port and starboard . major kong if they come down low enough to make a fire pass , they will never be able to pull up in time . lo. quiffer I think they mean business . major kong hang on , boy . he start a violent series of s-ing and zig-zagge . 67 two enemy " killershark " all -weather fighter maneuver in a steep dive , try to hang on to they slower and more maneuverable quarry . 67a rear shot - low level - b- 90 - s-ing and zig - zagging at tree - top height , over the moonlit countryside . 67 b various intercut - aircraft maneuvering 67c enemy fighter each fire a salvo of rocket from above , a bad angle for heat - seek missile . 67d b-90 taking evasive action the rocket pass over and under , explode with bright flash as they hit the ground . 67e one rocket be explode by its proximity fuse about nine foot from the fuselage , just behind the crew section . 67 for int . b- 90 - various quick cut flash , black smoke , choke cough . 67g enemy fighter make no attempt to pull out of they dive and continue to maneuver apparently try to ram the bomber . they swoop down and in from port and starboard like two hawk . 67h b-90 wildly maneuver and manage narrowly to evade both fighter who , unable to pull up , explode against the ground in bright ball of flame . 68 int . b- 90 - various cut the smoke have clear to a greyish mist . a jag hole about four foot at its widest have be blast out of the rear of the crew section . 68a major kong be wounded in the back . his vision cloud with pain as he fight to maintain consciousness . major kong Ace , you better take it . all fire switch ... on . he turn to the co-pilot . 68b CO - pilot " ace " angst be dead though no wound be apparent . 68c major kong spasmodically take deep breath . summon up all he nerve and concentration , he lean forward and flip the " fire " switch at the same time fly the plane and intermittently glance into the moonlit terrain flash under the nose of the big plane . 68d various cut major kong somebody come up here quick , I be hit . the seating arrangement in the b-90 be such that the upper deck place the d.s.o. and the radio man about ten foot behind the pilot and co-pilot , face the tail of the plane . the bombardier and the navigator sit face forward on a second and lower level . naturally , Major Kong expect help from the nearest crew - member , the d.s.o. or the radio man . major kong come on ! hurry up . he twist himself painfully to look over he shoulder . 68e two shot - lo. quiffer and lt . toejam the d.s.o. studiously attend to he work . the radio , Lieutenant terry toejam , sit cross -legge , examine he ankle . lo. quiffer ( without turn around ) sorry , King . my leg 's stiff as a board . major kong ( to radio man ) hey , Terry , I be hit . lo. toejam ( minutely study a slight ankle wound ) so be I . major kong listen , I think I be hit bad . lo. toejam ( still absorb in he ankle ) where would they get you ? major kong damn you , Lieutenant toejam ! lothar ! lo. zogg yes , Major . major kong lothar , get up here fast , and bring you first - Aid kit ! I be hit kinda bad , I think . lo. zogg can not " Ace " help you ? major kong he 's dead . lo. zogg what happen ? major kong I bit he jugular vein . now will you shut up and get up here ??? lo. zogg sure ! sure , I be on my way . while the color bombardier work he way up the ladder , major kong take a long and uncomprehend look at he dead buddy , Captain " ace " angst . lo. zogg ( puffing ) where would they get you ? major kong ( grimace ) in the back ... feel like a arrowhead . the bombardier look at the co-pilot . lo. zogg how do you know he 's dead ? major kong Hell , he look dead . the bombardier raise the co-pilot 's eyelid and confirm that he be dead . lo. zogg he 's dead , all right . major kong listen , give I a shot quick ! the bombardier fumble in the first - aid kit for a morphine syrette . while fix syringe , bombardier look down at back of Pilot 's seat . 68f cu - seat we see two small jag hole rip in the back of the chair . 68g cu - bombardier - lo. zogg he look and frown . 68h ms - navigator - lt . " binky " ballmuff lo. ballmuff correct course to two -seven -three . we should be about a hundred and forty mile away from laputa . be there in about six - teen minute . 68i master shot major kong okay , binky , two -seven -three . ( to lo. zogg ) lothar , any damage down below ? roll up he sleeve . lo. zogg I do not know what we get leave besides bim and bam . major kong quentin , how 's you gear ? bombardier give he shot . lo. quentin quiffer I do not know . major kong what do you mean , you do not know ? lo. quiffer I have not check . I be bleed again . major kong shake he head in disappointment . major kong ( slowly and very John Wayne ) the hydraulic system out , lothar , and a lot of wiring be hang loose . the number major kong ( cont ) one and three port engine be hit , and the fuel 's leak . but we be still fly . and what 's more , we be go to carry out we mission . lo. zogg ( look out over nose of plane ) look , Major . what 's that ? 68 j distant horizon - forward eight powerful aircraft searchlight cut long narrow streak into the night sky . but , instead of a steady beam , they be blink on and off in fairly close unison . 68 k cu - major kong bravely try to comprehend the distant light . 68l cu - bombardier - lo. lothar zogg screw up he face in bewilderment . 68 m distant view - searchlight blinking on and off 68n cu - major kong narrow he eye suspiciously . major kong ( softly ) I will be damned . 68o cu - bombardier - lo. zogg stare blankly . lo. zogg ( softly ) yeah . 68 p two shot - kong and zogg both man numbly stare at the distant searchlight . major kong ( into intercom ) binky , quentin , Terry ! come forward - quick ! 68q cut of the crew scrambling to cockpit 68r the group - favoring pilot lo. quiffer , lt . zogg , lo. ballmuff , and lt . toejam crowded behind he . major kong look . 68 distant view out over instrument the searchlight continue they signal . 68t cu - lo. quiffer - puzzle 68 u cu - lo. ballmuff - perplexed 68 v cu - lo. toejam - curious 68w ms - the group major kong what do it look like ? lo. toejam some kind of signal . major kong no kid . lo. toejam ( uncertainly ) let 's see ... International morse , I think ... k...e... o... p...e...r...e... c... a... l... l...m... i...s... t...a... k...e... o... p...e ... gee , I do not know , it seem to be some kind of code . the negro bombardier , lt . lothar zogg , have be jotting it down . lo. zogg no , look ! it 's " ope - recall mistake . " major kong recall what mistake ? lo. zogg no , I think it mean , " recall period mistake , " and the ope be probably the crm - 114 code . Terry ? lo. toejam ( shrug ) I will go back and check my code book . he hop on he bad ankle back to he desk . major kong ( shaking he head ) you sure have to hand it to that guy . lo. zogg what do you mean ? major kong I mean pull a stunt like that . lo. zogg what be you talk about ? lo. toejam hop forward again . lo. toejam yep , it 's the crm - 114 code , all right . major kong very interesting . lo. zogg what do you mean ? major kong well , we sure as hell be not go home just because the enemy tell we to . lo. zogg wait a minute , Major . " ope , " that 's the recall code . where would they get that ? major kong you tell I . lo. zogg they must have get it from the base . no one else would know it . major kong why should they call we back ? lo. zogg how the hell do I know ? maybe the war 's over . lo. toejam ( bewilder ) could be . lo. quiffer ( wistfully ) I hope we win . major kong Lieutenant Zogg , what do we order say about the authentication of order during a attack mission ? lo. zogg look , this be different . major kong we order warn we to expect the enemy to use ingenuity in issue contrary and confusing order . and therefore , to disregard anything that do not come on the crm - 114 . lo. zogg but the crm - 114 have be smashed for almost a hour . major kong then that settles it , do not it ? lo. zogg like hell it do . major kong ( impatiently ) the crm - 114 be smashed , right ? lo. zogg right . so how could we get any message ? major kong ( ruffle ) that 's the point . lo. zogg I do not get you , King . major kong I say that 's the point ! lo. zogg look , King , maybe you have lose too much blood , or something . major kong ( explode ) lieutentant Zogg , how would you like you black butt sling into a General Court martial when we get back ??? lo. zogg take it easy , Major Kong . major kong then get off my back ! lo. toejam I think Major Kong 's right , lothar . I mean we get the attack order from base , and plan - R be a emergency plan for a base commander after a lot of other plan have be clobbere . lo. zogg okay ! you tell I how the enemy get the code ! it 's put in we seal plan at the base just before we take off . major kong there be plenty of traitor and spy run around loose . lo. zogg but the code be make up by General ripper , and he 's the only one leave at the base who would know the code . major kong nobody 's loyalty be beyond question . besides , how do we know one of he staff do not see it ? lo. zogg come on , King . that do not make sense . major kong ( triumphantly ) okay , how do we know they do not shoot down one of we plane and torture the crew ? how do we know that ? lo. zogg frown . major kong ( the clincher ) we cross the coast over a hour ago . okay ? lo. zogg ( after some think ) you be give they a awful lot of credit for be on the ball . major kong first lesson in War College : never under - estimate you enemy . lo. zogg ( shrug ) sorry , King . major kong forget it . okay , team , let 's break it up and get ready for the kick -off . the team scatter back to they station . dissolve 69 low level - b- 90 - flying shot 70 int . b- 90 - lo. zogg he anxiously flip switch , bang panel with the palm of he hand , curse to himself , and flip more switch . various insert cut to important - look switch and warning light . lo. zogg King ? 70a ms - pilot - major kong rocking in he seat and emit soft groan . major kong who 's that ? lo. zogg it 's I - lothar . be you okay ? major kong I be okay . what 's up ? lo. zogg well , I hate to say this , but I think the bomb bay door be stick . major kong be you sure ? lo. zogg well , I can not get out and look , King . but I do not get a green light . major kong maybe the warning system 's out . lo. zogg but I get a red light . major kong have you try the emergency system ? lo. zogg I try everything . something must have get bent or twisted from the pound we take . 70 b cu - pilot he stare out over the nose of the plane for several second . a portentous look of valour seem to overcome the pain . major kong lothar , can you arm the bomb for impact ? lo. zogg but I told you , I do not think we can get the bomb bay door open . major kong I ask you a question , lothar ! lo. zogg but how be we go to drop the bomb if the door will not --- ( the penny drop ) hey , King .... you be not think of --- you do not mean you would --- ??? 70c cut to other crew member as they realize the plan major kong ( firmly ) there 's no other way , lothar . can you re-arm the bomb for impact ? lo. zogg ( stunne silence ) let I check . major kong there 's no other way , boy . I be go to have to take she in ... the hard way . 70d cut to crew - horrified , sweat , trembling lo. quiffer say , King . if there be any way I could help , I would not think of ask , but would you mind if I bail out . major kong be clearly hurt by this lack of comradeship . major kong ( shrug ) no , I would not mind , Lieutenant quiffer . 70e cut to frightened and confuse crew lo. zogg ( uncertainly ) I think it 's okay , King . they should go off on impact . major kong ( audaciously ) would it matter if they hit at a flat angle ? I mean , do you think the deuterium mass might separate from the atomic trigger ? lo. zogg ( faintly ) well , it would probably help if you take it ... sort of ... straight down . major kong Roger . the other crew member unhappily watch the d.s.o. , lo. quiffer , prepare to bail out . his leg seem to have unstiffen . he pause long enough to notice he buddy . lo. quiffer look , King , maybe the other boy do not think it right to ask , so I be ask for they . can they bail out too ? major kong stiffen at this last shatter of camaraderie . major kong ( in a angry sulk ) anyone that want to save he neck certainly ought to . the other crew member hastily get ready to jump . lo. toejam gee , we hate to leave you like this , Major Kong . but there be not anything we can really accomplish by stick around . major kong ( shrug ) forget it . lo. quiffer well , listen , King . could you take she up to about eight hundred ? that will help you come in at a nice down - angle , and it will give we a chance for we chute to open . major kong ( shrug ) sure , I will take she up to eight hundred . lo. quiffer could you take she up right now , King ? other - wise we will get kind of close to the fireball . major kong ( shrug ) sure , I will take she up right now . he pull up the nose of the plane sharply . the man get ready . 71 flying shot - b-90 climbing as it reach eight hundred foot , enemy radar , hitherto prevent from tracking the plane due to its low - level tactic , suddenly zero in , and all kind of flak and tracer fire open up . lo. toejam listen , King , old buddy . on behalf --- major kong skip it and jump , damn you ! this flak 's so close , I can smell it . the crew bail out . ad lib ( as they go ) good luck , King ! God bless you , King ! geronimo ! major kong start to fly evasive tactic through the flak . 72 ms - negro bombardier lt . zogg - flop into CO - pilot' seat lo. zogg ( softly ) we be on course , Major . just fix we position on that river back there . major kong what the hell be you do here , lothar ? the two man be deeply touch by this stanley kramer-ish moment of truth . lo. zogg ( with masculine simplicity ) I think I would go along for the ride . major kong ( John Wayne ) now what the hell do you want to go and do a thing like that for , lothar ? lo. zogg I think maybe you would like some company . major kong punch he in the arm . major kong that sure be a hell of a stupid thing to do . the flak rock the plane , and the light of the city ahead continue to flash . lo. zogg King , would you mind if I keep I hand on the wheel when you take she in ? major kong ( John Wayne - all the way ) I would be mighty proud if you do , lothar . lo. zogg thanks , King . I have always want to take one of this big baby in . major kong listen , lothar . you know that crack I make about you ... butt ? lo. zogg forget it . major kong I just want you to know I do not mean anything by it . lo. zogg sure , King . major kong well , I just want you to know how I feel . Hell , I know Air Command would not have take you if you be not okay . and do not think I do not know some of we best ball - player and entertainer be of negro descent . 73 night - ext . - the b-90 dive into the missile complex ( trick shot ) there be a tremendous thermonuclear explosion cause by two 20 - megaton h-bomb . CUT to 74 int . war room everyone be predictably gloomy and philosophical . it should be apparent they have hear the news . general schmuck ( shaking he head , miserably ) it 's wrong . ( sigh ) it 's dead wrong . admiral buldike ( shaking he head , wretchedly ) it 's not right . no one be really talk to anyone else . general schmuck ( indignant ) I do not care what anyone say , it just do not seem to make sense to end all human life on Earth . admiral buldike I suppose the fish will take over the world . general faceman ugh-hhhh , that 's a horrible think . general schmuck it 's all so pointless . I mean a man work he whole life fight for something , and this be what he get . ( bitterly ) you know , I can see twenty , forty , a hundred million - but everybody ? it 's just a damned shame , and I do not mind say so . the president sit alone in the corner of the room . he say nothing . zlat ( responsibility weigh heavy ) mister President , how be we go to break it to the people ? I mean it 's go to do one hell of a thing to you image . the president shrug , irritably . von klutz ( with germanic coolness ) mister ambassador , how long will it take ? the ambassador look up , wearily . ambassador do sade ( gesture with both hand ) four - possibly six month in the Northern hemisphere . perhaps a year in the Southern latitudes . von klutz ( wiping he steel - rimmed glass ) mister President , I would not rule out the chance to preserve a nucleus of human specimen , at the bottom shaft of some of we deep mine . president muffley ( tiredly ) at the bottom of mine ? von klutz ( carefully put on glass ) yes . the radioactivity could not penetrate a mine some thousand of foot deep . the president look blankly at von klutz . von klutz in a matter of week , sufficient improvement for a dwelling space could be provide . president muffley but they could not come out for a hundred year ! von klutz ( smile wisely ) mister President , man be a amazingly adaptable creature . after all , the condition would be far superior to that , say , of the Nazi concentration camp , where there be ample evidence most of the wretch creature clung desperately to life . although the president seem unconvince , look around the room , it be apparent von klutz 's proposal have not fall upon deaf ear . von klutz ( smile modestly ) it would not be difficult . nuclear reactor could provide power almost indefinitely . greenhouse could maintain plant life . animal could be breed and slaughter . a quick survey would have to be make of all the suitable minesite in the country , but I should not be surprised if several hundred thousand of we people could be accomodatedd . every nation would undoubtedly follow suit . president muffley but who would be choose ? von klutz a special committee would have to be appoint to study and recommend the criterion to be employ , but off -hand , I should say that in addition to the factor of youth , health , sexual fertility , intelligence , and a cross-section of necessary skill , it would be absolutely vital that we top government and military man be include , to impart the require principle of leadership and tradition . the arrow have not miss its mark , and there be a outbreak of sober , nodd head . von klutz ( laugh , distastefully ) naturally , they would breed prodigiously , eh ? there would be much time and little to do . with the proper breeding technique , and start with a ratio of , say , ten woman to each man , I should estimate the progeny of the original group of 200,000 would emerge a hundred year later as well over a hundred million . naturally the group would have to continually engage in enlarge the original live space . much serious judgment be bring to bear around the table . pencils be bring into action . von klutz when they emerge , a good deal of present real estate and machine tool will still be recoverable , if they be moth - ball in advance . I would guess they could then work they way back to we present gross national product within twenty year . president muffley but , look here , von klutz . wo not this nucleus of survivor be so shocked , grief -stricken , and anguish that they will envy the dead , and indeed , not wish to go on live ? von klutz certainly not , sir . when they go down into the mine , everyone else will still be alive . they will have no shocking memory , and the prevaile emotion should be one of a nostalgia for that von klutz ( cont ) leave behind , combine with a spirit of bold curiousity for the adventure ahead . general schmuck ( judiciously ) you mention the ratio of ten woman to each man . would not that necessitate abandon the so-called monogamous form of sexual relation - ship ? von klutz regrettably , yes . but it be a sacrifice require for the future of the human race . I hasten to add that since each man will be require to perform prodigious service along this line , the woman will have to be select for they sexual characteristic , which will have to be of a highly stimulate order . ambassador do sade ( enthusiastically ) von klutz , I must confess you have a astonish - ingly good idea there . von klutz ( correctly ) thank you , sir . ambassador do sade rise . ambassador do sade ( briskly ) and now , mister President , I must return at once to my embassy to communicate this reassure news to the Premier . president muffley ( shaking hand ) Goodbye , mister ambassador . ambassador do sade ( at the door ) we have many splendidly deep mine in we country . he exit . general schmuck ( thoughtfully ) mister President , I think we have get to look into this thing from the military point of view . I mean , if the enemy stashed away some big bomb and we do not , when they come out in a hundred year , they could take over . general faceman that 's right , sir . in fact , they might even try a quick , sneak attack , so they can take over we mine - shaft space . admiral buldike they might even try to knock over a couple of other country and take they mine - shaft space . if they have more mine - shaft space than we do , they could breed more , and possibly take over when they come out . general schmuck we must not allow a mine - shaft gap !! the phone ring . admiral buldike pick it up . admiral buldike hello ?... yes , just a minute . ( to general schmuck ) it 's personal . general schmuck take the phone . general schmuck ( charmingly ) yes ?... well , pretty soon , dear . yes , I have finish my business . uh-huh ... uh-huh ... ( laugh ) yes , dear . same here . bye-bye . hang up the phone . there be a knock at the door . enter ambassador do sade . ambassador do sade ( haughtily ) Excuse I , mister President , but you forget to give I my camera back . president muffley ( fish in pocket for minox ) oh , yes , that 's right . general " buck " schmuck just a second , sir . he 's get film of the War room in that thing ! president muffley I be afraid I will have to ask you to take the film out . ambassador do sade ( annoyed ) very well . general " buck " schmuck you know , sir , that camera might be a dummy he want we to find . he 's probably get another one secrete on he person . ambassador do sade ( sputtering ) that 's utterly ridiculous . general " buck " schmuck he 's be here for almost two hour , and Lord know what he 's photograph . I would have he stripped and give a thorough body search . ambassador do sade ( appal ) that 's preposterous ! I object !! the president think for a moment . president muffley ( reassuringly ) I be afraid we will have to - purely as a formality , ambassador de sade . Zlat , will you call the secret service and have they prepare a private room upstairs for a body search . the ambassador be shocked and angry . ambassador do sade please , mister President , I be extremely shy and do not wish to endure this sort of personal humiliation . here be the only other camera I have leave . ( he produce a second camera ) general schmuck see ! see , I tell you . president muffley ( shaking he head ) you have lie to I twice - I be sorry , but it will be strictly routine . this man be expert . general schmuck Zlat , make sure the secret service boy care - fully search he seven body orifice . ambassador do sade ( horrify ) my seven body orifice ???? general schmuck that 's right , fella . ambassador do sade ( touch ear ) one , two ... ( touch each nostril ) three , four ... ( touch mouth ) five ... ( freeze , turn red and swallow hard ) why you , dirty , stinking ... ambassador do sade pick up a thick custard pie from among a large selection of pie previously bring into the room with coffee , and smashes it into general schmuck 's angry face . general schmuck hurl a coconut cream pie at do sade , who duck . it splatter into the face of admiral percy buldike . not realize why he have be hit , admiral percy buldike fling a chocolate cream pie at general " buck " schmuck . it miss and plop into president muffley 's face . and , as be the case with the great - pie throw scene , misunderstand - ing pile upon misunderstanding , until everyone in the room be hectic - ally engage in splattering pie into each other 's face . CUT to 75 moving shot - pull away from planet earth into outer space . ( a reverse of the open shot ) narrator though the little - know , dead planet Earth , remotely situate in the milky Way galaxy , be admittedly of little interest to we today , we have present this quaint comedy of galaxy pre-history , when the primitive organization of sovereign nation state still flourish , and the archaic institution of War have not yet be forbidden by Law , as another in we series , " the Dead world of antiquity . " nardac blefescu macro-galaxy - meteor picture T h E E N D