" dragonheart " screenplay by Charles Edward pogue revise : April 4 , 1994 " dragonheart " '' by Charles Edward pogue fade in : ext . stone ruin - day a sword flash in the sunlight as it whirl down on ... sir bowen ... a ruggedly handsome knight who catch the blade on he own , just inch from he face , and smile through the cross sword , eye gleam like the sunlit steel . bowen not bad ! he disengage he blade with swift flare and , in a dazzle series of sally , force he opponent back . bowen but not good enough to ... the opponent , back to camera , be shove to the ground , Bowen 's sword tip at he throat . bowen «+- to live ! Bowen grin down at ... prince einon ... a fourteen year old boy , he face flush from exertion . emblazon on he surcote be a dragon' head impale on a sword . a heraldic coat-of -arm . suddenly , einon kick Bowen 's blade aside with he boot , roll , and spring up , lung at the knight . again , Bowen deflect the blade by inch . smiling . please . bowen better ! einon be also pleased . he smile at Bowen 's praise and let down he guard . just slightly . but enough . with a nimble parry , Bowen blade arc down , strike the startle boy ... but only with the flat of the blade on he shoulder . bowen but you would still be dead ! einon reel back and , with a snarl , charge wildly at Bowen who , laugh , leap upon a crumble piece of stone , easily deflect or ducking the violent but clumsy blow . bowen purpose , not passion , einon ! fight with you head , not you heart ! he punctuate each maxim with a slap of he sword flat , obviously toy with the boy . bowen nerve cold - blue , blade blood -re . einon slice wickedly at Bowen 's leg . Bowen leap up as the blade swishes harmlessly under he . but as he land , the edge of the stone crumble beneath the heel of he boot . he teeter , then tumble off the rock , out of sight behind it . einon 's savage fight demeanour slide into a shocked gasp of concern . einon Sir Bowen ? he scramble over the stone to find Bowen sprawle out on the ground , apparently unconscious . as einon lean down to examine he , he 's suddenly distract by hoofbeat . he whirl to the sound as ... rider ... gallop toward they . as einon squint in the sun to identify they , a figure tower up behind he and a sword glint at he throat . Bowen leer over he shoulder . bowen Dead again , Prince ! how many time must I tell you ? bowen & einon ( recite together ) only expose you back to a corpse ! but the fencing lesson be over . einon point to the rider , einon it 's happen . Bowen scowl as Three rider approach , lead by a massive brute of a knight ... sir brok ... einon know why he 's come . einon the peasant be revolting . brok ( grin ) they have always be revolting , Prince . smell one sometime . but now they be rebel . ( to Bowen ) King freyne would have he son witness he noble victory . bowen ( contemptuous1ly ) Noble ...? crush desperate , frighten man ...? brok ( sharply ) traitorous scum ! the King command . bring he . you can watch too , nursemaid . he whip he horse and ride off with the other . Bowen turn to get he and einon 's horse . . einon be disappointed that Bowen allow brok 's insult to go unchallenge . einon why do you let he insult you like that ? you , a knight of the Old code ! you be not afraid of he ! bowen ( laugh ) nor he opinion . I expect no less . ( distaste ) he 's the king 's man . einon register Bowen 's contempt for the king with a uneasy scowl , but as Bowen turn to hand he he rein , the boy beam affectionately at he . einon when I be king , you will be my man , Bowen . Bowen clap he warmly on the shoulder and help the prince into the saddle . bowen I be already you man , my prince . he swing into the saddle and , as the two ride after brok , camera pan to the galloping hoove . ext , kara' village - field - day camera pull back from many more galloping hoove to reveal : a troop of mounted , armoured knight ... as they ride out of the smoke and dust of battle . at they head be ... king freyne ... sword aloft . visor raise . eye hard and hateful . on he helmet glint a gold circlet . a crown . emblazon on he surcote be the same dragon 's head impale on a sword we see on einon 's surcote . he ride through the carnage of a 10th century battle , lead mount soldier against a rabble of peasant . slash with mad glee , freyne mow down man armed only with crude farm implement . it be slaughter as the rebel be drive back through they own crude line of defense ... over - turn cart , ditch , a earthen bulwark . none of which impede freyne 's onslaught . ext . kara' village - hillock - day Bowen and einon sit they horse on a hillock behind the line watch the carnage . Bowen be disgust , einon fascinate . einon I wish we be down there . bowen ( curtly ) you do not . einon ido . just to see you in action , Bowen . your would be the finest blade on the field . bowen too fine to foul with you father 's slaughter . in a quiet , hurt tone , einon gently remind Bowen of good manners and protocol . einon he be my father , Bowen . and the king . Bowen take the admonishment with a kind smile . bowen yes ... but when you be king , remember today . remember the difference between battle and butchery . and remember the qld code . restore its forget glory , so that the crown will shine with honour once more and never again will man have to take up arm against they sovereign . then you will be a great king than you father . Bowen turn to watch the ungallant battle with weary eye and thus do not see the dark glint in einon 's gaze , einon I promise , Bowen , I will be great . and no one will take arm against I ... look ! Father 's breach the village . he point to the king down below , gallop toward the bulwark , cut down man right and leave . ext . kara' village - battle - day freyne descend on a youth -- wear a bucket with one side cut out as a crude helmet -~ who stumble between two hayrack mount in a gap in the bulwark . a large meaty paw reach out and grab buckethead by the jerkin , yanking the youth behind ... the bulwark ... buckethead flop into a large mud puddle on the other side . buckethead 's saviour be a red - beard giant , whose unruly mane be bound by a leather head - band . armed with a scythe , red-beard knock the sword from freyne 's hand as the king ride in through the breach . another rebel charge the king with a burn torch , but get a gauntlet in the face as freyne punch he and snatch he torch . he whirl he steed back for the bulwark . but red-beard signal several man at the hayrack , who pull spike wooden breastworks out from under the rack and cut off freyne 's escape route . ext . kara' village - hillock - day Bowen and einon watch from they vantage point as a horde of villager chase the trap freyne . freyne zig - zag he horse in and out and under the stilt of several raised grainhouse , torch some as he pass . but the peasant be close in . einon ( anxiously ) he 's trap ! the boy draw he sword and spur he horse down the hill through the melee ! bowen einon , no ! he follow after the boy . ext . kara' village - battle - day Bowen close in on he young charge when he 's beset by rebel warrior . he duck the savage thrust of a pitchfork and , grab the shaft , crack the wielder under the jaw with the blunt end . another rebel get cloute by Bowen 's boot even as the knight knock another down with the shaft of the pitchfork . he kill no one . but even as he scatter they , he 's lose einon in the dusty haze of the battle . he shout . bowen einon ! ext . kara' village - battle - on freyne - day red-beard and a motley band of rebel close in on freyne , the king 's horse snort and rear as freyne whirl he torch , try to pry a open through the rebel mass . but they catch he under one of the granary and pull he from the saddle . freyne clank to the ground in a cacophony of armour and chainmail . at the foot of ... buckethead ... who 's shove aside again as redbeard and the other crowd around the fall king . crude weapon rise and fall . buckethead jerk away , unable to watch . then it 's over as red - beard and the other race to defend they village from freyne 's man who have breach the barricade . only buckethead remain , queasily stare at the dead king . a wild wail pierce the battle clamour . einon ( 0s ) Father ! - buckethead swiftly clamber up the granary ladder as ... einon ... gallop through a veil of smoke over the bulwark . dismount , he scramble to he father , lay a hand to he lifeless breast ... and pull it back with a shudder , cover in blood . stun , einon stare from he hand to he father and then ...to the crown ... perch atop freyne 's helmet . tremble , he reach over the body for it . as he do , freyne 's eye suddenly flicker OPEN and stare into einon 's , who hesitates ... then snatch the crown off anyway ... even as freyne groan he last and he eye glaze in deathly admonishment at he heir . as einon pull back from he dead father , he hold up the crown . it glint brilliantly in the firelight . something else also glint . buckethead 's knife as einon see the fly body leap off the granary platform down onto he . the impact of they collision send the boy sprawling across the ground spilling against a breastwork , a jumble of arm and leg . the bucket helmet clatter off as the rebel flop face - down , a cascade of red hair fall toe he shoulder . einon lurch off the breastwork , grasp a stake for support . it be sticky with blood . his blood . it ooze from a gash in he chest , spilling across he rip dragonhead crest . einon spy the crown half - in , half - out of a mud puddle . he weave toward it on unsteady leg , then sag into the mud , he finger lock on the circlet . gasp weakly , he stare glassy - eye at buckethead , staggering up . even unhelmete , buckethead 's face be a blur in einon 's hazy vision . all he see be flame hair , blend into the fiery light of a hut burn behind then . bowen ( 0s ) einon ! einon 's vision pop into crystal clear focus as buckethead whirl to the anguish cry ... and we discover the boy be a girl !. her name be ... as we later learn ... kara . she 's roughly einon 's age and even the grime of battle cannot hide she beauty , haloed in a aureole of gleam red hair . as kara see Bowen 's steed leap over the breastwork and she . Bowen wildly spin the horse toward the fall einon , lean down in the saddle and scoop up he wounded charge . einon Bowen ! bowen I be here , my prince ... my king . he whirl he horse back around and , sideswipe , a barrell of milk , bound over the barricade once more . kara dive out of the way , landing near the spilt milk now run into and mixing with the blood of battle . ext . kara' village - battle - on bowen & einon - day einon slump back in Bowen 's arm as the horse charge through the battlefield . ext . old castle - establishing shot - afternoon a wooden fortress loom out of the shadow of a mountain . grimly impressive . Bowen 's steed break from the forest and race across the plain toward the fortress gate . int . queen' chamber - old castle ~- close - up - blood - night a wounded brok kneel before aislinn , the Queen . brok Dead , madam ... King freyne , you husband , slain . she take the news stoically , stare out the window in impassive resignation . a door slam open . aislinn spin to the sound . silhouett in the light of the open door stand a knight , a limp form cradle in he arm . with a gut -sink premonition , aislinn weave to the door . a single tear trickle muddily down Bowen 's grimey face as aislinn gasp at she crumpled son . bowen forgive I , my Queen . queen it 's not you fault . the cruel excess of he father bring he to this end . she gesture to a bed . Bowen lay he on it . einon the crown ... queen he life ! bowen he die , madan ... Bowen slide the crown off he arm and place it in the boy 's vhand . bowen «+. Beyond all help . aislinn not all ... aislinn turn to Bowen ... curiously calm even hopeful . ext . ruins on promontory - looking up - dusk the sun sink behind a promontory as figure trek through the ruins of a old castle up the mountain . ext . ruins - mountain trail - dusk aislinn , on horseback , lead Bowen and a body of guard up a mountain path , through the ruins of a ancient roman castle . brok and the other bear einon on a hide stretcher support on spear . walk he horse , Bowen hover over the semi - conscious boy who still grip the crown and talk to he . bowen ( recite ) a knight be swear to valour ... einon +«.sworn ... to valour ... bowen his heart know only virtue ... einon .-- virtue ... bowen his blade defend the helpless . his might uphold the weak ... Bowen be suddenly distract by a eerie musical trilling . sad and melancholy . it come from further up the mountain . the other hear it as well . except for einon whose mumble drift to a groan . Bowen shake he . bowen you must stay awake , my lord . you must ! recite the code ... einon -.-code ... bowen yes ! his might uphold the weak ... einon -.-his ... word speak only truth ... bowen yes ... yes ... his wrath ...? bowen & einon ( recite together ) his wrath undoe the wick . ext . cave - vista shot - night night have descend . the moon glow a bright scarlet . the party stop before a cave , lighting torch . Bowen dismount and gather einon off the stretcher into he arm . ext . cave mouth - night aislinn take a torch and start into the cave . from within echoe the mournful , musical trill . Bowen eye she warily . bowen I know what place this be . it have the stink of dragon . aislinn not the Dragon 's stench ; merely man 's pollution of he . come and fear not ! aislinn enter . Bowen , einon in he arm , hesitantly follow . int . cave ~ night even torchlight cannot dispel the gloom . they light and shaft of scarlet moonlight , seeping through two hole in the cavern roof , illuminate bubbling mud pit and bone . steam wreathes through the place . from the cave 's recess come a faint irridescent ripple of movement . and the melancholy trill . toward this aislinn cautiously , humbly , approach . 10 aislinn Lord ! serene one ! her voice echoe . the trilling stop . the Guards murmur uneasily . Bowen warily eye the glow . it seem brighter . define a uncertain shape . aislinn signal for silence . aislinn you song be sad tonight . dragon there be no star in the sky ? the voice ... sad yet strangely soothing ... come from the large , eerie shape shimmer in the shadow . it , too , be large and eerie . aislinn move to the glow . aislinn no ... only a moon . blood-re . Bowen ease einon down . hover protectively over he , suspiciously listen , he eye never leave the creature in the shadow . the peculiar irridescence be the beast 's scaly hide that emit a waver glow as he shift . dragon aislinn . daughter of athelstun . aislinn yes , Lord , whose people love you and call you kind friend . dragon once . Long ago . no more . no longer fickle man 's friend . fear . forgotten . aislinn I have not forget . I do not fear . einon sigh . aislinn kneel beside Bowen to comfort she son , stroking he brow , as the boy feverishly fondle the crown . the Dragon 's half rhood eye glint from the darkness , surveying the prince . the crown caress in he hand . dragon freyne 's child . aislinn desperately whirl on the dragon . dragon be this why you come , draonslayer 's wife ? il aislinn dragonslayer 's widow ! a bride of conquest ! my people drive out and slaughter even as yours . ( kneel ) please ! he 's not he father . ( point to Bowen ) this knight be he mentor . he have teach he the Old code . and I will teach he you way . the dragon 's scale brightly ripple . he consider she plea , he baleful eye fall on the boy 's bloody breast . dragon the wound be deep . you know what you ask ? aislinn ( kneel before he ) I swear . he will grow in you grace . grow just and good . the dragon 's shadowy head incline toward einon . dragon he must swear . you sword , knight . aislinn nod to Bowen . he reluctantly unsheathes it to hand to she , but the Dragon 's claw emerge from the dark and grip the blade in he talon . Bowen instinctively let go . the dragon extend the hilt to einon who stir and , see the shadowy creature above , gasp . aislinn fear not , child , he will save you . dragon but first , boy , by the cross of the sword , swear that you Father 's bloodlust and tyranny die with he . swear that you will live and rule with mercy . and come to I and learn . the once-ways . swear ! " swear , swear , swear ... " he sibilance echoe through the darkness . einon clutches the sword to he breast . einon i...swear ... einon lean up to kiss the pommel , then suddenly slump in Bowen 's arm . Bowen shake he . bowen einon ? einon ! he 's dead ! 12 in angry grief , Bowen grab the sword hilt to wrest it from the Dragon . but as he yank , the Dragon 's talon scrape down the length of the blade with a whining screech , scoring a groove into it from guard to tip . dragon peace , knight of the Old code ... the Dragon suddenly blow out the torch , immersing they in darkness . save for the occasional glint of he shimmer scale and he glow eye . dragon -». and witness the wonder of a even more ancient glory . the Dragon release the sword and place a talon against he breast , impaling it in the scale of he hide . as he slice down he chest , a red glow issue from the wound . not blood , but light . the dragon reach into the cut . sigh . groan . and capture a pulsating scarlet brilliance in he claw , as the wound close over . he hold the glow orb over the boy . einon 's eyelid flutter open . he smile , as the beast gently reach down and the glow redness seep into einon 's wound . dragon half my heart to make you whole . it 's strength to purify you weakness . live and remember you oath . he pull he claw back and a thin sliver of FIRE shoot from the Dragon 's nostril along the wound , cauterize it . but einon feel no pain . he smile and he eyelid grow heavy and flutter down . einon sleep peacefully . aislinn gasp a joyous sob and hug the sleep boy . Bowen be dumbfounded . once more flame spray from the Dragon , relighting the terches , aislinn rise and bow to the Dragon . she turn , Bowen lift einon up in he arm , and , with they entourage , they turn to leave . Bowen hesitates and turn to the dragon . bowen I have serve the father only for the sake of the son . in he go all the hope of my heart . forgive a doubting fool . call when you have need of I , ask what you will of I . my sword and service be yours . the dragon have fade into the darkness . only a occasional shiny scale flicker . dragon only remind he always of he vow , knight of the Old code . 13 ext . mountain trail - roman ruins ~ on crown - night Bowen , on horseback , lead aislinn 's steed down the mountain through the Roman ruin once more . behind they come brok and the guard with ... einon . .. asleep on he stretcher , unconsciously fondle the crown in he hand . the crown slip from he finger , clanking to the ground . einon jerk awake , sit up bolt straight . a strange , fierce light in he eye . he 's tense with coiled energy . brok signal the guard to halt and kneel beside einon . brok you majesty ? be all well ? einon unconsciously feel the scar on he chest . einon gaze at it , remember . the Dragon . he smile at the memory . einon all be very well . the crown . brok pick it up and offer it to einon . eye afire , einon take the crown and firmly plant it on he head . he like the fit . brok anything more , you majesty ? einon turn from he regal reverie to smile grimly at brok . einon much more . he rise off the stretcher . brok go to support he , but einon push he away . he 's a little rocky on he foot , but he stand , stare out on the Roman ruin . einon the Roman build a great castle here . mine will be great . brok it will take many man , milord , to rebuilt this ruin . einon yes ... ext . kara' village - dawn the soldier of the king swarm through the burnt ruin of the village . wailing women and even some child have be put to work fill in the barricade ditch , the village menfolk be be round up from hide place and shackle in wooden neck stock . 14 brok , in charge of this foray , steer he horse through the trample shamble of a hut and scrape away debris with he sword , ferrete out a trapdoor beneath the char clutter . he motion to two soldier who jerk open the door , expose a dishevel redbeard hide below in a root cellar full of cheese . brok 's sword jab downward . into a round of cheese . as brok take a bite of the cheese , redbeard be yank out and herde toward the other prisoner . kara , work at the ditch , drop she spade and rush to he . kara Father ! tear in she eye , she cling to he , but brok yank she ' roughly by the hair and shove she away . she fall to the ground , rise up to see redbeard yoke into a stock with two other prisoner . ext . stone quarry - day firelight flicker over einon 's face . he sit he horse , next to a smithy's FIRE , savour the sound of clinking chain and splintered stone , as he gaze out over ... a stone quarry ... fettered peasant break rock under the watchful eye of armed guard . einon watch in malevolent satisfaction as brok ride in with a half dozen more quarry slave harness together with a length of rope about they neck . among they be redbeard . einon hold , brok ! brok stop he charge with a rough jerk on the rope . einon appraisy redbeard suspiciously . even in defeat , the big man stare up at the new king with cold contempt . einon can not match he stern gaze . redbeard smile . redbeard come to thank I , boy ? you should . it be my stroke that make you king . brok yank redbeard 's head back by he headband , expose he neck to he blade . brok my stoke will make you a corpse ! einon no ! the command halt the throat-slitting . einon glare at redbeard glaring at he . 15 einon I want no martyr . and death be a release , not punishment . einon smile evilly at redbeard whose glare harden but also flicker with faint worry . einon it 's a insolent gaze . look good , dog . and remember . I be you king . the one who crush you . and the last thing you will ever see . einon grab a iron from the smithy 's fire . its tip be white - hot . he fling it to brok . einon burn that insolence out of he eye ! grinning , brok pick up the iron . redbeard , pale but proud , gaze up into the rock . he shake he head from side - to - side , almost imperceptibly . to anyone observe , it would merely seem daze defiance or maybe tremble fear , but it be , in actuality a signal . a signal to ... kara ... hide up behind a boulder . redbeard be warning the girl to stay put . stay safe . weeping , kara obey as ... brok ... approach readbeard , head still high . eye still on the rock above . but as brok raise the iron a sword blade swoops down and strike it from he hand . it be ... bowen' sword ... as he gallop past brok to the prisoner , he blade slice the rope bind they together . bowen run ! no encouragement need , the prisoner scatter for the forest . Bowen 's whirlwind appearance confuse einon 's man . but one snap out of it and try to stop a escapee . Bowen come between they and cut the soldier down . meanwhile ... kara ... scramble out of the rock and , in the confusion , rush down to redbeard . kara Father ! redbeard kara ! quickly ! einon spot the girl and charge after they , but once more , Bowen ride between the pursuer and the pursue , who duck into the wood . enrage , einon bear down on Bowen with draw sword . Bowen reluctantly but skillfully defend himself against the attack . 16 einon how dare you defy I ! bowen einon ! you be unwell ! bewitch ! ( plead ) do not do this ! remember the code ! einon the king be above the code ! dismay by this declaration , Bowen drop he guard and einon unseat he with a stab in the shoulder . the knight topple from he mount , fall between the skittish horse . einon ride over he , whirling triumphantly to acknowledge the cheer of he man . his mistake ...for ... a muddy hand ... reach up and yank einon 's leg from the stirrup , shove it out and up , heaving .... einon ... off he horse . the boy reel over the right flank of he horse , flopping to the ground to find ... bowen ... grimly grin at he through the leg of the horse . bowen only expose you back to a corpse . you forget everything I have teach you ! Bowen , brace on he blade , bleed from he shoulder and he head , try to stagger up . einon angrily leap up and , whipping he horse away , lunge at Bowen , still on he knee . but even kneel , Bowen deflect einon 's wild charge . bowen Control , little warrior ! his blade knock einon 's aside , then rip across the dragon 's crest on the surcote . Bowen , still on he knee , counter einon 's fierce but undiscipline , craze sally , critique the boy 's technique as he do . bowen purpose , not passion , einon . fight with you head ... he slashes einon 's belt . it slide down he leg and trip he up . he lugge savagely atop the totter einon , force he down , poistng he sword tip on the boy 's heart . bowen ».- not you heart . 17 the heart . his eye smolder with pain hurt , Bowen spy the tear dragon on the surcote , which rise and fall , along with he blade , in chaotic rhythm to einon 's racing heart . the dragon 's heart . the dragon . it 's almost as though he can hear the curse heart beat . thump . thump . thump . pulse with treacherous life . with a mad , griefstrick wail , Bowen raise he sword ... and jab it in the ground beside einon 's head , stare at the boy with sorrow - fill eye . his voice rasp with choke emotion . bowen no one be above the code . least of all , a king ! ' he lean down and kiss the boy . tear well in he eye as he whirl up and sharply whistle . as Bowen 's steed gallop up , einon scramble away , grasp he cheek where Bowen kiss he . his confuse fear quickly turn to anger once more as Bowen mount and spur he steed off into the forest . einon seize he ! bring he down ! ext . stone quarry - forest - day Bowen gallop off through the sun-streaked tree . the camera pan up to : kara & redbeard ..-. hide in a tree , as einon and he minion ride in pursuit of Bowen . ext . cave - sunset Bowen emerge from the dragon cave . in frustrated fury , he clang he draw sword against the rock . his horse whinny nervously , as the shriek clang echoe out over the mountain where a shimmer half - orb of sunlight splay across a purple - orange sky . bowen no matter where you fly , Dragon , no matter where you hide , I will find you ! my oath will not save you ! all bond be break by you betrayal . I make a new vow ! I will undo you treachery !... even if I must spend the rest of my life hunt you and you kind down ! in the distance , Bowen 's echoing oath be answer by a mournful trill ... every mountain seem to reverberate with the torture keening as the camera pull back , capture Bowen in the golden flood of the sink sun . we hear a voice . 18 ext . felton be mill - wheat field - day friar gilbert ( vo ) this be the tale of a knight who slew a Dragon and vanquish evil . golden light overwhelm the screen as a superimposed legend appear : " twelve year later " the golden light become ... wheat ... wave gently in the morning breeze . behind the wall of grain come a voice ... the same we just hear ... recite . gilbert' voice ( recite ) " a solitary pilgrim ride upon he lowly mule , ... " camera pan over the roll hill of wheat , find ... friar gilbert ...a monk ... riding a mule on a path between the wheatfield . both mule and monk be laden with scroll and manuscript . bundle of parchment protrude from the saddlebags . slung about the monk 's middle be a clothsack fill with scroll . as Gilbert recite , he scratch a quill across a scroll unroll against the mule 's neck . gilbert ( write ) " content with this he humble mode , his quest be spiritual ... " except it come out " spirichool " as he try to rhyme it with mule . the mule itself begin to buck . gilbert whoa , merlin ! whooaa ! but merlin do not " whoa " and buck Gilbert off , who tumble cassock over crucifix , the scroll from he pouch spilling out on the ground with he .. he sit up with as much dignity as he can muster and glare at the mule . gilbert everyone 's a critic . but the mule 's only response be to bray nervously and stomp impatiently at the ground . ignoring the tempermental animal , Gilbert crawl about gather up he scroll , grumble to himself . 19 gilbert keep faith , Gilbert , keep faith ! true , thus far , this quest have be uneventful -.- if not altogether fruitless and boring +.. but remember its goal , its glory ! soon , something 's bound to happen . something do . a sudden whoosh of wind violently rustle the wheat and tear at the monk 's cassock . the just ~ gather scroll go fly from he grip once more and Gilbert go flat on he back once more . his eye widen with fear as they gaze upward , follow the path of the wind . gilbert d-d - Dragon ! ' the gust of wind subside and the rustling of wing whip away over a hill of wheat which waver violently in its wake . scramble up , Gilbert scoops up precious scroll as he tear off for the opposite wheatfield . but he screech to a panicked halt as something else charge out of the wheat . wailing , the frenzied friar fling himself to the ground once more in a welter of fly manuscript . gilbert ( cross himself ) jesu ! Gilbert peek up to see ... a knight ... reining in he horse , frown down at he . it be bowen . but Bowen be mightily change since last we see he . time have pass and not be kind . his hair be now lace with grey . his face be unshaven . his surcote fray and tear . his armour dent and dull . he and he steed be laden with assort weaponry . Broad sword , lance , bow and arrow , mace , battle axe , and buckler . this shield give grim evidence of he trade ... and that he have be successful in he vow ... a awesome assortment of dragon horn protrude from it . Bowen snap at the friar in curt irritation . gilbert dra...dra...drag ... bowen yes ! where ? Gilbert gesture with a bent scroll clutch in he shaking hand . Bowen give chase , he and he mount disappear over the hill of wheat . 20 a painful howl jerk the priest up , shiver . a burst of FIRE erupt in the sky from over the hill . the stalk quiver in manic agitation . something be come toward he ! it 's Bowen 's riderless horse . Gilbert kneel in prayer . he 's interrupt by another horrible yowl ! then ... stillness ! Gilbert creep to the wheat , listen . nothing . then rustling . Close by ! a dragon horn poke through the stalk . Gilbert fall back with a yelp . it 's only ... bowen ... hold a severe dragon horn . Bowen go to he horse and begin to affix he latest trophy to he shield . Gilbert scramble to he foot and , pluck up scattered scroll along the way , rush to the knight . gilbert ( arm full of manuscript ) magnificent ! marvelous ! heroic befit the day of Arthur and the round table , never have I see such skill ! bowen then you must have lead the life of a ... monk . gilbert a ... yes ... also scholar , scribe , historian , and poet . you servant , brother Gilbert of glockenspur . my humble life be in the debt of you exalt prowess , dauntless courage , and superb , swift sword . bowen you have a poet 's gift of exaggeration . Gilbert think it 's a compliment and hold up a scroll . gilbert oh , sir ! you should read my history . but you belittle you talent . a great victory for you and the Lord . Bowen wearily examine the mottle , scar horn . bowen then may the Lord savour it . there 's too little glory to be share in this kill . gilbert modesty as well as valour . the code of ancient camelot still life . 21 Bowen jerk he head up with a hostile glare at the mention of the code . then the glare glaze into wistful sadness . he shake the melancholy from he with a sardonic grin . bowen hardly worthy of camelot ... still it 's one less dragon ... Bowen look at the new horn and all the other on he shield with bitter satisfaction . his grim rumination be interrupt by clatter hoove . a effete , oily lord , felton , ride up with three burly men-at-arm . felton deign to salute Bowen with a bejewel hand . felton well do , knight . we gratitude . mine and King einon' . felton yawn blasely . that 's it . interview 's over . he turn he horse to go , but Bowen catch the rein . bowen keep the gratitude . I will take gold . your or the King 's . felton gold , knight ? felton cock a imperious eyebrow and smile . unpleasantly . Bowen get the picture . he 's get the shaft . bowen we strike a bargain . one dragon put down , one pouch of gold . Gilbert 's idea of chivalry be dismay by this mercenary display . gilbert you honour have a price , knight ? bowen it have expense ! honour can not fill my belly or shoe my horse . ( wheel to felton ) I ask no more than any man . a fair price for a fair skill . felton the priest be right . it be you duty to protect King einon 's vassal as a knight of the realm ! bowen not of this realm ! I bend no knee to einon . 22 felton no ? then begone , vagabond , before I arrest you for ...for ... ( a inspiration ) poach the king 's wildlife ! felton jerk a finger at the dead dragon . Bowen almost laugh at the ludicrousness of it and he finger he sword hilt , debate whether to cut this popinjay down to size . but the thug - at -arm give felton 's threat weight . Bowen grimly smile and , with a curt bow , mount up . suddenly , the timid face of peasant begin to poke out of the wheat . felton turn he disdain on they . felton back to work you , lazy scum . if King einon 's wheat be not cut before the rain , I will do some cut of my own . felton 's bully - boy whip the peasant back to the field . Gilbert , who 's watch all in befuddle confusion , grab he mule 's rein and timidly approach Bowen . gilbert forgive I , Sir knight , for question you motive . Times be topsy - turvy and the world be not as it once be . bowen I have notice . gilbert let I make amend . I have a fair culinary flair . please join I in my evening repast . bowen come evening , I shall be far from here , priest . Gilbert mount and the two head up the ridge . gilbert so shall I . for I be on a pilgrimage . might we travel together ? bowen unless einon 's tax it , the road 's still free and a man may travel which way he choose , Bowen address this last to felton as he pass by , who idly ponder as he watch they go ... 23 ext . einon's castle - establishing shot - day einon 's prediction be right . his castle be great than the Roman one . and it 's not yet complete . but even behind a warren of scaffolding , it rise out of the spine of the mountain impressive and forbid . felton and he retinue come riding up the road in through the castle gate . ext . einon's castle - courtyard - day the courtyard be abuzz with workman and servant . groom attend to saddle horse . falconry master stand with hooded bird of prey perch on they glove . there be raucous laughter as a group of men move out of the shadow of a portico , lead by ... einon ... now in he twenty . tall and tough . eye sharp . mouth cruel . armed with sword , dagger , and quiver . he 's cultivate a wispy beard . he 's follow by a coterie of knight , all dress for the hunt , among they brok and felton who buzze in he ear . felton ( os ) a road tax , King einon . felton , weight down with hunt equipment , trip on he bow . brok smirk at he . felton cock a imperious eyebrow at brok and turn to einon who weigh felton 's suggestion as he mount a strong steed laden with armour and weapon like himself . felton fan the flame of he idea . felton they use it . let they pay for the privilege . again , he get catch up in he bow . he untangle himself and indignantly fling it to a nearby servant , finish he think . felton and that that can not , can work it off ! all wait for einon 's response . it come in a sly smile . he lean over and pat felton 's bald head . einon ingenious , Lord felton . he play with a wispy strand of thinning hair . einon there may not be much on top , but there 's plenty underneath . he playfully thump a finger on felton 's skull . felton make a sweeping bow . 24 as felton come up , brok reach in front of he and take he falcon from a attendent , sweeping it close to felton 's face . the bird screech and flap its wing , felton cringe back . brok smirk . brok he like to bring down peacock . shrink back from brok , felton clamber on he horse , but be so weight down with he hunt paraphenalia , he have a tough time swinging into the saddle . brok grab he by the seat of the pants and roughly shove he up . brok fly , peacock , fly . the other laugh as felton clumsily grab the horse 's neck to keep he balance . once more , he come face to face with brok 's hawk that screech again , elicite more laughter from brok and the other ... all but einon . einon Lord brok . some be good at hunt man . some be good at hunt money . both have value to I . felton 's turn to smirk . but he triumph 's shortlive as einon snatch felton 's bow from the attendent and toss it to the haughty fop . einon so do not forget you bow , felton , you may need to shoot a ferocious coin purse . einon join the other in they laughter this time . and so do a reluctant felton who give forth with a force giddy giggle . : einon to the hunt ! he spur he horse out the gate , follow by he minion . ext . stone quarry - day many be still work off debt to the young tyrant . though the quarry be all but gut , half - starve rag peasant toil in the sun under the watchful eye of guard . many of the quarry slave clamor for water , dole out by ... kara ... now grow into a beautiful woman . but both she beauty and she lush , wild mane of red hair be hide underneath a rag cloak . but she proud , youthful face cannot hide eye that be much older , weary with grim experience . 25 dispense drink , she make she way up behind a old man chipping at stone with a chisel and hammer . she scoops a ladle of water out and proffer it to he . we recognize the headband the old man wear . kara drink , Father . the old man turn . it be redbeard ! no longer a virile , haughty rebel . einon recapture he and carry out he threat . redbeard be blind . scar tissue surround the sightless eye stare at nothing . but even though he red hair and beard be streak with white , even though he once - strong body be frail and stoop , he still manage a air of he old defiance . redbeard I tell you not to come here anymore , kara ! kara I be a disobediant child , Father . drink . redbeard no longer a child . a woman . and it take no blind man to tell a beautiful one . his gnarled hand grope for she face . she lead he to she cheek . he caress it . red-beard one day on of this dog will notice too . go home , kara . kara you be my home , Father . she kiss he palm . then take some cooked meat from she jerkin and stuff it inside he shirt . kara here be meat for later . now quickly , drink . the guard be watch . she place the ladle in he hand and he start to lift it to he lip . suddenly a arrow zing into frame , strike the ladle and knock in from he hand . kara wheel to laughter . it be ... einon ... and he hunt party , laden down with game ... pheasant , boar , even a stag . einon have shot the arrow . felton I do not believe ... I mean , magnificent shot , you higness . 26 einon and profitable . unless you care to double the wager , felton ? felton {takes the bet ) through he leg ! einon notches another arrow and let fly at ... red-beard ... already panicked by the first arrow . he hear the whizz of the second as it zip through he leg and clink on the rock behind he . he whirl frantically . red -beard kara ! kara stand still , father ! felton shout out another target . felton the bucket-handle ! another arrow slice the air , strike the water bucket handle next to red-beard and send it clatter against the bucket , cause the old man to jump . red ~ beard kara ! kara do not move ! kara step in front of he and head for ... einon ... indignant someone should interfere with he sport . he notches another arrow and shoot it in front of kara 's foot . she keep come . another arrow . only inch frm she . she keep come . he aim directly at she . not a flinch . she keep come . einon lower he bow , intrigue . einon . you have get nerve for a spoilsport . kara there 's no sport in torment a sick old man . I beg you majesty . let he go . it 's be fourteen year . you castle be budlt . he can do you no harm . for pity 's sake , release he . einon stare at she curiously . then smile . einon release he ? 27 in one flashy blur of motion , he 's notched another arrow and send it fly . straight into red-beard 's heart . the old man gasp and stagger back against the rock . kara Father ! she run to he , she hood fly back , unlease she wild red tumble of hair . it catch einon 's attention . einon I have always say death be a release . he spur he horse and he and he flunkey ride off as ... kara ... kneel beside she father . red -beard k -k - kara ... he go limp and he head sag . his headband fall off and he hair spill down over he blind eye . kara take the band and , in stunne grief , press it to she face , sobbing into it . on einon turn on kara 's heartbroken wail . her rich red hair be capture in the burn light of the smithy 's fire behind she . . the image strike a memory with einon , but he can not bring it forth and shrug it off with a uneasy shiver . ext . campfire - dusk Bowen and Gilbert sit at a campfire , gnaw on roast mutton joint . as Bowen affix he latest trophy to he dragon-horn shield , Gilbert recite from a parchment , spraying bit of half - chew food in he bombastic style and wave he mutton joint in time to he suspect meter and dubious rhythm . gilbert in avalon , lose avalon , so the legend say , in mystery and mist , there valiant King Arthur lay . and rest with he , the brave , bold heroes of he day . Gilbert have rise and pace , carry off in the throes of he overwrought rhyme . Bowen wince as the Priest start he third stanza off with a pierce , dramatic , declamatory wail . 28 gilbert obhh , avalon ! Bright avalon ! the worried world 's astray ! return forget glorey that once hold noble sway , and sweep the world 's dank darkness away , away , away ! : Gilbert glance at he audience in excited expectation ! gilbert what do you think ? bowen you mutton be very good ... avalon be a fable , priest . ' ego ruffle , Gilbert rummages through he bag of scroll . gilbert a fable ? that 's uneducate piffle , Bowen . JI can prove it . I have it right here . somewhere here . ( he can not find it ) but I remember it . " upon he death , King Arthur be take to avalon , a land of mist , to lie among he brother knight in a grove of stone upon a tor . " aha , here it be ! he jerk out a scroll and unravel it , thrust it out to Bowen . it 's upside down . Gilbert twist it right side up . gilbert from the venerable history of gildas the scribe . fact , my friend ! avalon be a holy place . and my pilgrimage a sacred duty . I will find it . bowen and when you do ? gilbert I will pray to the soul of the saint man bury there ... Arthur and all the knight of camelot . bowen but , you know , brother Gilbert , it 's say not only Arthur lie at avalon , but also the gateway to the underworld . so take care . the spirit you call may come . he toss he mutton bone into the fire and work on he shield . 29 gilbert I wish they would and bring back the day of chivalry and the Old code . bowen no prayer can resurrect that pale ghost ... Gilbert have catch the regret in Bowen 's voice . gilbert ride with I , my son . all knight need a quest . I think ours be the same . bowen Men of faith may follow a fable , priest . but my only faith be my sword ... and I already have a quest . gilbert what quest ? bowen to slay all dragon ... and one , in particular ... Bowen 's shield be finish , he hold up in the firelight to inspect it . Gilbert 's face light up in awe and pleasure , as though he 's find the hero of he next epic poem . ext . waterfall - on bowen - day Bowen ride out of a dark forest into the light along the bank of a shallow creekbed . as he horse step into the water , Bowen rein he up , lean down in the saddle , examine ... a dragon track ... impressed in the mud , visible through the clear , rippling water . Bowen glance up and smile . a gentle waterfall spill over a overhang of rock . his dragon will be there . Bowen jerk up he lance and rein he steed toward the fall . gilbert ( 0s ) yoo-hoo ! gilbert ... " hallooing " for attention , stand atop a clump of rock on the opposite bank . muttering a oath , Bowen ride over to Gilbert who plop he literary bag on the rock and rummages through it . bowen what be you do here ? gilbert 30 ( pull out ink ) how do you prefer I write this ? bowen Far away . Gilbert do not get it , chuckle , and fumble in he bag . gilbert oh , please , do not concern yourself with my safety . no , I mean style . verse . meter . shall I spice it up with a poetical flourish or just the cold hard fact ? Gilbert 's voice boom out above even the rush fall . he nunroll some blank manuscript . Bowen seethes exasperatedly . bowen ssssh ! we will be the only thing cold and hard around here if you do not shut up ! Bowen poke he lance through the scroll , jerk it away . Gilbert indignantly snatch it back . gilbert that 's a fine attitude . I come to immortalize you and you try to muzzle the mouth of chronicle , lop off the tongue of truth . it 's all very well to go about hack and whack dragon , but if a dragon fall in the forest and no one hear about it , do it make a thud ?! exasperate , Bowen start to ride off . Gilbert squat down on a rock still , prepare to write , still railing at Bowen . gilbert you be nothing without the like of I . heroic do not make heroes , ballad -maker do . the quill be mightier than the swo ..! suddenly , a giant eye open up between Gilbert 's leg , Gilbert lay he parchment on the " rock " and scrawl across it with he quill . the eye blink in agitation and suddenly the " rock " start to shift and move . gilbert +»-ord ...duh ...duh ...aah ! Gilbert fall from the shifting " rock " , tumble down toward ... bowen ... crash onto he , then over the horse 's back , splash into the water . Bowen whirl back to the sound of more splash , just in time to see ... 31 a dragon tail ... slither along the creek , disappear into the waterfall . the " rock " on which Gilbert be perch have also disappear . Bowen spur he horse and charge for the fall . but he 's stop by ... a batter breastplate ... fly out from the waterfall , splash in the stream in front of Bowen who steady he nervous steed . dragon ( 0s ) that 's what 's leave of the last fellow who enter uninvite . bowen that do not frighten I . dragon no ? how about this ? or this ? or this ? a barrage of crumpled armour and bone careen out . half of it crash into Gilbert , try to rise out of the stream . the monk scamper out of the debris and have barely get to he foot when suddenly the complete skeleton of a horse and rider come jangling through the fall , clatter in a heap . they splash wash over Gilbert and send he flopping back into the stream . Bowen 's horse whinny and rear . dragon I could go on . I have quite a collection . bowen I will not be add to it . Bowen thrust he lance at the figure on the other side of the fall . but the pike be yank on from the other side of the waterscreen and Bowen , still grip it , be yank along with it . he spill from the saddle , somersault into the creek . a moment later , the two piece of he break lance shoot out of the waterfall , the steel point end nearly impale Bowen as it jab into the creekbed beside he . on gilbert supine in the creek . Water spritzes from he mouth . he sit up in time to see Bowen draw he sword and buckler and enter into the cave through the waterfall . Gilbert see he canvas sack float by , he snatch it up and , rummage for another quill and parchment , start to compose out loud . 32 gilbert into the mouth of death he strode into the grimey gloom . into a pit of fear unknown , perhaps to court he doom , a flash of flame backlight the waterfall , follow by a blast of steam that roll out from the fall , slamm Gilbert back into the creekbed . int . waterfall cavern - on FIRE - day a bolt of flame deflect against Bowen 's shield , spark hiss and smoke against the moist cavern floor . Bowen grin up at the dragon -- a hulking , hazy shadow , in the smoky dark -- lurking on a shelf of rock above he . the Dragon do have quite a collection . Bones and armour litter the place . bowen Little damp for fire , be not it ? dragon why must you knight - errant out to make a name for yourselves always pick on we dragon ? bowen I do not need a name ... and I have a collection of my own . Bowen hold out he shield . the dragon horn glint ina rainbow of sunlight prism through the waterfall . dragon oh ! one who kill for money , be you ? bowen it 's honest enough work ! ridding the country of you lot . one must earn a live . dragon yes ... one must live . no way round then but to have at it , since you seek profit in this . bowen do not flatter yourself . no profit this time , purely pleasure . Bowen draw he sword . the dragon 's eye widen in recognition ! dragon be Pov - the sword --- and the talon-sched groove in the blade . 33 back to scene the dragon eye Bowen warily . dragon perhaps less pleasurable and more costly than you think . Bowen 's mouth drop as the Dragon swoops off the ledge . ext . waterfall - day the Dragon swoops out of the waterfall in a gush of wind and water . spread out he magnificent wing to they full extension , he sweep up over a startle Gilbert . patch of -his hide glisten irridescently . a awesome , glorious creature . ext . waterfall - crane shot above gilbert - day Gilbert , craning back to gaze at the creature in drop - jaw amazement , get smaller and smaller as the dragon circle higher and higher in the sky . Gilbert , lean back a little too far , flop back into the water . ext . waterfall - day bowen ... dash out of the fall and onto he horse . Gilbert , just rise , duck for cover in the water again as the knight gallop past he into the wood after the dragon . ext . wood - day Bowen race through the tree . ext . wood - sky - day the Dragon skim the treetop . ext . wood - day Bowen , at full gallop , place he rein in he tooth , and yank a set of knotted string from he saddle pommel . the flap of he saddle - bag pop open . a bolo - chain catapult out , shoot skyward . ext . waterfall - sky above - day the chain bolos spread and widen as they spin up . 34 ext . wood - dragon - day the Dragon look back to see the bolo ensnare one of he hind leg . ext . wood - day in bulldog fashion , Bowen wrap the chain around he saddle horn , continue to keep pace with the Dragon above . then the saddle harness snap ... and both saddle and Bowen , still grasp the chain , be drag across the ground as ... ext . wood ~ sky above - day the dragon lunge through the sky . ext . wood - on bowen - day clutch the chain for dear dear , still in the saddle , careen through the underbrush , sometimes drag on the ground sometimes , whirling in the air , clanking stone and tree . bird and small animal scurry from thicket . he avoid a near-collision with a tree as the Dragon suddenly veer he course , take Bowen straight into the path of ... another tree ... with a dead log lean against it . both Bowen and the saddle ride up the log . Bowen leap from the saddle run up the lean log as he see the chain thread through the fork branch of a tree . grabbing the saddle , Bowen wedge it in the fork . it work . for a moment . then the Dragon 's momentum partially uproot the tree , cause Bowen to leap from the jostle dead log which come careen down behind he . he tumble and roll and the tree just miss he . he peek over over the trunk to see ... ext . wood - sky - day a blur of dragon , at the end of its snare chain , plummet downward behind a clump of tree . there be a crash as the air fill with dust and dirt and break tree limb . ext . wood - gilbert - day Gilbert , on merlin , ride in pursuit of the duel , compose as he go , voice vibrate , ink slopping all over the place . 35 gilbert the sword against the fang and claw the flame against the shield . the man , the beast , which would win ? ahhhh ! the scream be because he ink have spilt all over the manuscript , obliterate it . ext . wood ~ bowen - day Bowen stagger up , daze and dizzy , and start to follow the trail of chain . up over the ridge where the dragon crash - land . no sooner have he disappear than Gilbert arrive , mumble to himself try to re-capture he poem as he tie merlin up . gilbert blahblah sword ... fang and claw -.. flame against ... shield ... blah , blah , blah , which would win ? unhh ... shield , field , wield , peel ... aha ! whose bone would flesh be peel ? eww ! make a face at the line , he grab more quill , manuscript , and ink . gilbert no , no ... whose fate would soon be seal ! he like the line . smiling , he scurries over the ridge to find ... ext . wood - glade - day Bowen , sword draw , charge down into a small clear where the Dragon , snarl and snap , struggle to untangle the bolo from he ankle . bowen fleeing from a honourable challenge ? what manner of Dragon , be you ? dragon you will not live long enough to find out ! the dragon 's tail flange out with sharp surrate edge and swipe at Bowen . Bowen block the blow with he blade , but nearly lose he balance . again , the tail strike , smash against he shield . again , the tail flail out . too close . Bowen duck just in time as the tail slice a tree behind he in half . 36 bowen you be good . have not have this sort of challenge in some time . dragon nor likely to again . Bowen have roll for cover behind a thick log . the dragon 's tail follow he , chopping huge chunks out of the log as though slice celery . Bowen roll to the end of the log , inch ahead of the carve tail which suddenly bite a little too deep and get wedge in the trunk of the log . the dragon shake he tail , try to get it loose , bounce - the log up and down . realizing , the Dragon 's tail be out of comission , Bowen spring up , grin . bowen over-confident , be not we ? dragon hardly , but if you win , you will be out of work . Bowen approach cautiously as the Dragon manuevur to confront he enemy . bowen ha ! I '11 keep on till I have exterminate every last one of you . dragon I be the last one . Bowen stop dead in he track . and let down he guard ... as the Dragon snort a fireball from he nostril . Bowen leap back as the fire explode against the tree . bowen you be just try to save you scaly hide with trick . Bowen duck as another fireball strike behind he . dragon have not you notice picking rather slim of late ? they have be . and Bowen realize it . but as he cautiously edge in toward the dragon , he brazenly tap the latest addition on he dragon-horn shield . bowen I get this one just the other day . 37 dragon so you kill the scar one ? he and I be the last . must have be a proud kill , warrior . how much gold do he toothless , tatter carcass put in you purse ? bowen what business be it of yours ? the Dragon 's taunt rankle Bowen , which be just what the Dragon want . for he notice Bowen be step very near the chain still attach to the Dragon 's foot . dragon could not have be much . and you will kill I for sport . and when there be no more dragon to slay , how will you make you way , knight ? bowen shut up , you ! Bowen raise he blade to strike , but as he do he straddle the chain . the Dragon pull back he foot , the chain snap up and catch Bowen mid-crotch . Bowen go tumble , lose he shield . the Dragon rear up , open he jaw . and open ! they distend like a snake 's , stretch inordinately wide as sharp eyeteeth fang suddenly spring out ... on gilbert who screech and cover he eye . on bowen watch as the the black maw of the Dragon descend on hin . all become blackness , until ... gilbert «.- uncover he eye , expect the worst . it be not ... gilbert' Pov - dragon & bowen Bowen lie in the dragon 's jaw , he sword tip tickle the Dragon 's palette . and no one 's move . bowen if you tooth come down , my sword go up . right into you brain ! dissolve to : 38 ext . wood - gilbert' Pov - night they be still not move . still in the same position . the dragon 's unhinge jaw still stretch to they aching maximum . Bowen try to discreetly sneak he blade up . dragon ( tongue- tie ) ifb you sworb cum ufp , mar teef cum down . on gilbert --.- wearily watch and write ... gilbert ( scribbling ) till moonlit night , the titan duelle . in deadly combat bound ... ( yawn ) oh , who would the fatal falter make , whose blood «--would ... stain ...... the ground ... Gilbert 's quill slide off the parchment as he head flop down on it and he fall asleep , he mouth agape in mid-yawn . int . dragon' mouth ~ night Bowen . crouch uncomfortably inside the mouth , prop he sword arm up with he other hand , stare up at the fang . he notice a piece of cloth stick between the back tooth . Bowen give it a tug . it 's a sleeve ... with a skeletal hand still in it . Bowen recognize the ring on the bony finger and drop it . bowen good Lord , Sir eglamore ! ext . wood - glade - on dragon & bowen - night Bowen throw the hand away in disgust . dragon thanffs ! be stug ufp dere fa monff ! cuud you ged you elba aff mar tongue . bowen why should you be comfortable ? my armour be rusting in you drool . and you breath be absolutely foul ! dragon wad da you expekd wiff Sir eglamaa rotting batwan mar molar ?... oh , my mouf ith dry ... 39 suddenly , the dragon start to cough . hack rumble roll up he throat . Bowen , rock on the tongue , wince at the smell of the breath . bowen hey ! int . dragon be mouth - night a huge ball of saliva roll up the Dragon 's throat and smack Bowen in the face . he wipe off , growl . bowen watch it ! dragon sorry ! seem we 'rr in a bid ab a stalemade , wuud not you thay ? bowen ( not give a inch ) but I can go three day without sleep . dragon I can go fhree weeg . this rattles Bowen 's confidence , but he rebound . bowen I will stab you before I nod off . ext . wood - glade - on bowen & dragon ~- night the Dragon , jaw aching , eye roll , be peeve . dragon und I will chompf you . marbewous . we kull eagh ofper , doen neiffer aff we any guud . bowen what do you suggest ? dragon a troose ! ged out aff mar mouf and lead 's tag aboud it face - ta-face . more than happy to leave , Bowen start to edge downward off the tongue , but before he pull he sword away he have second thought . bowen how do I know I can trust you ? dragon I gib you mar word ! 40 bowen a dragon 's word be worthless . int . dragon be mouth - night the dragon 's tongue flap up with a exasperate snarl , jostling the precarious perch Bowen . dragon stubborn lout ! the dragon suddenly arch he tongue up and Bowen slide off he slippery perch ... fall out of the Dragon 's mouth . -ext . wood - glade - night Bowen plop from dragon 's mouth onto the ground , he sword clatter nearby . he look up as a scaly paw clamp down on he , pin he in place . the Dragon crane he neck down , he eye searing into Bowen . bowen I should have know . go on ! kill I } dragon I do not want to kill you ! never do ! ( quietly ; solemnly ) and I do not want you to kill I ... ( savagely ) how do we gain ? if you win , you lose a trade . if I win , I wait around for the next swordslinger thirst to carve a reputation out of my hide ... ( lament ) I be tired of lurking in hole and skulking in darkness ! my life may be miserable , but I must not di ...! he mysteriously stop , the think unfinish . dragon now if you insist , we can pursue this fraca to its final stupidity . or you can listen to my alternative . the Dragon release Bowen . perplex but suspicious , he stagger to he foot , reeling for he sword . he 's exhaust and the sword be too heavy to lift . he can barely turn back to see if the dragon be come in for a sneak attack . but there be no attack , the Dragon have not move . he too be spend and sag to ground with a heaving sigh , gaze at Bowen with disappointed eye . Bowen drop to the ground too . he 's tired ... and curious . 41 bowen what alternative ? ext . the wood - on gilbert - dawn the rosy ray of dawn filter through the forest foliage . bird twitter . cricket chirp . and someone snore . Gilbert . still face down on he epic poem . a pine cone fall from above , thudding on he rump . Gilbert snort , stir , and rise , he face smear with ink . he try to decipher he equally blotched parchment . then he remember and , staggering to he foot , panic . gilbert Bowen ! he scan the area . nothing . no sign of victory or deafeat . or even that a battle have take place . Gilbert spy something in a bush . he gingerly pluck it up . it 's a sleeve . a bony hand slip from it . yes ... the late Sir eglamour . but Gilbert jump to the wrong conclusion . gilbert oh , dear . poor chap . picked clean . Gilbert cross himself and , sadly look at the ink - blotched manuscript in he hand , crumple it up . ext . felton be mill - mill - day several peasant manually turn a large grinding wheel around a flat mill stone under the supervision of felton 's bully - boy , other peasant nearby thrash the wheat . still other collect the mill flour . ext . felton be mill - stone house - day scaffolding and activity surround felton 's stone manor house . as mason measure and trim and carpenter pound , a pretty little minx with tousle hair langourously lean in the doorway , lace up she undone doublet . a hand reach over she shoulder and slide a money pouch down into she ample cleavage . she smile up to find ... felton ... smile back , he own jerkin undone , hold up he pants in one hand . with the other , he lead the girl back into the house . camera pan up to : the worker ... on the scaffold . it overlook the wheatfield , where labourer be harvest the wheat . 42 ext . felton be mill - wheatfield - day as the peasant harvest the crop , a young boy loom into frame , stare wide - eye up at the sky and ... ext . felton be mill - sky above field — day --- the Dragon suddenly swoops down past camera . ext . felton be mill - above wheatfield ~ day the boy turntail and run , frantically wave he arm at the other and yell . boy Dragon ! Dragon ! the worker look up and then scatter to safety . ext . felton be mill - sky above field - day the dragon dive - bomb the wheat , loose two stream of flame through the now -empty field . ext . felton be mill - wheatfield - on peasant - day the peasant flee from the fire behind and the billow black cloud of smoke . ext . felton be mill - sky above field - day the Dragon sweep through the column of smoke , cause a huge vortex , wing he way to ... ext . felton be mill - mill - day ++- the mill . the worker , spying the dragon , abandon they post . a bully - boy grab a whip and start after they , but a sudden wind blow chaff into he face . he swat it away in time to see ... ext . felton be mill - sky - day the dragon take aim at the mill and ... shoot two FIRE ball from he nostril . 43 ext . felton be mill - mill - day the mill explode . the Dragon swoops through the burn wreckage . the daze bully - boy watch he go . he hear a creaking behind he and turn . the mill wheel teeter unsteadily on the stone . ext . felton be mill - stone house - day there be cry and smoke and people dash to and for . felton , jerkin undone , hold up he unbelt pants , rush out of the house , he dishevel minx behind he . he 's aghast at the chaos , then hear a voice behind hin . bowen ( 0s ) pesky critter , dragon ... felton whirl to see Bowen , ahorse , armed to the tooth . bowen ... like big rodent . you never seem to get rid of they ... felton lose a grip on he pants . they fall to he ankle . ext . felton be mill - stone house - day ( later ) felton , still hold up he pants , dicker hotly with Bowen . felton thievery ! gouging ! bowen you owe I from last time and I want that in advance too ! the minx stroke Bowen 's horse and smile coyly at the knight . Bowen smile back and wink . felton I will not pay it ! he gesture emphatically with he arm . and he pants fall down again . as he lean over to pick they up , the mill wheel suddenly roll past he . felton jerk up . and he pants go down again as he , Bowen , the minx , and the horse all turn they head and watch the twirling juggernaut collide into ... the scaffolding ... send stone , wood , and worker fly . felton stare at he damage house . then at Bowen . then at the minx . he grab the drawstring dangle from the minx 's cleavage and yank out the money purse he give she earlier . he fling it at Bowen with a disgruntled gesture ... and , once more , he pants fall down . 44 ext . felton be mill - stone house - day ( later ) peasant line the wall and yard of the manor house . felton , pants secure , sit in a chair in the front of the crowd , flanke by he bulley -boy , with the minx at he foot . everyone be stare at ... ext . feltone mill ~- lake - day +..a harvest wheatfield at the edge of a lake . Bowen be manuever a ox towing a cart of boulder . he bring the ox to a halt . the cart be ballast , attach via rope and pulley to a catapult contraption call " a whacker " . Bowen go to a adjustable tripod and load it with a heavy harpoon . calculate and adjust , Bowen sight ... the dragon ... who come sweeping into view . bowen ... slice the rope-trigger with he sword and ... ext , felton be mill - lake - dragon be Pov — day .+. the harpoon shoot from its cradle and zoom up toward its target . ext . felton be mill - sky above lake ~ day the Dragon skillfully position himself to take the harpoon under he wing where he claw clamp shut on the shaft , catch it in mid-flight . but to ... ext . felton be mill - stone house - day the crowd and felton ... it look like Bowen 's score a direct hit . a impression help immeasurably by Dragon 's spectacular , if overwrought , death scene . ext . felton be mill - on dragon - day the Dragon gasp a yelp , do mid-air pirouette , a twist half - gainer , and then a death - throe spin capture in slow - motion , before he do a final spiral tha send he plummett below the surface of the lake . ext . felton be mill - stone house - day the crowd break into raucous cheer as the dragon hit the surface . all but felton who turn to he thug . 45 felton get my money back . they start down the hill , ext . felton be mill - lake - day Bowen 's foreseen this . he give a shrill whistle . Bowen 's horse , await cue , emerge from behind a haystack and as it gallop past , Bowen swing in the saddle and ride off ... ext . felton be mill - mill - day --- toward the still ~ burn mill , laugh , jingling the money pouch in a nose - thumbing taunt as he choke the thug on he dust . ext . felton be mill - the lake - aerial view - day under the crystal surface of the lake , the camera pick up ... the dragon ... gracefully swim along , leave in its wake a stream of bubbles from he nostril . ext . the lake - further bank - day as the Dragon stealthily creep onto the bank from the lake , he hear a " baaa ! " . a flock of sheep ... graze by the bank . the Dragon 's eye gleam as he tongue flick hungrily across he lip . dragon hellooo ... ext . grassland - day Bowen ride across a grassy steppe , count the day 's take . suddenly the dragon float by he in the air , belly up , he wing flap idly as he circle Bowen and try to blow a patch of wool from the corner of he mouth . bowen most profitable . I should have meet you long ago , Dragon . dragon there be much gold in the world . when you have you fill of it and no longer need I ... bowen I be a knight of the Old code . my word be my bond . 46 dragon no compunction then ? bowen about what ? dragon well , such deception hardly befit a ... ( emphasize ) .-- knight of the Old code ... Dragon finally knock the wool off he mouth with he paw . rankled , Bowen angrily snatch it out of the air , wheeling on the Dragon who 's not longer there as he keep idly circle Bowen . Bowen whip he head back to the Dragon now - on he other side . bowen that 's debatable ! fleece einon 's lordly lackey be a service to mankind . dragon be it ? when you squeeze the nobility , it 's the peasant who feel the pinch . the Dragon 's hit a sore spot and Bowen surily try to deflect the blow . bowen not my concern . why stick my neck out for people afraid to risk they own ? do not clutter up a clever scheme with dubious morality . and stand still ! I be get dizzy ! the Dragon surreptitiously study Bowen 's vehement reaction with interest . he stop circle and light . dragon so be it ... ( emphasize ) knight of the Old code . the dragon stride along beside Bowen 's horse . bowen ( hotly ) if I want my conscience prick , I would have stay with the priest . and what do a dragon know of the Old code , anyway ? dragon ( quote ) " his blade defend the helpless . his might uphold the weak ... " 47 bowen stop it ! I remember the word . and that 's all it be ! a memory . Dead and go . and nothing ... nothing ... can bring it back . Bowen , voice thick with emotion , turn from the Dragon . dragon you sound like one who try ... bowen and fail ... so I no longer try to change the world , Dragon , but try merely to get by in it . dragon yes , it 's better than death , I suppose ... bowen be it ? it come out too bitter ... Bowen self - consciously shift tone . bowen .»-- for you , I mean . I should think you would welcome death . the last of you race . all you friend dead . hate and hunt wherever you go ... dragon do you delight in remind I ? yes , knight , I long for death ... but fear it . bowen why ? aside from you misery , what 's to lose ? dragon my soul . the two disappear over a dip in the road . ext . einon's castle - establishing shot - night einon 's castle look even more forbid at night . raucous laughter echoes from within its tower wall . ext . einon's castle - courtyard - night a roasted pig twirl on a spit over a open fire . servant with food and drink , hustle about to serve ... einon & he knight ... and there rowdy womenfolk , dining alfresco by torchlight . einon sit at the head of a huge banquet table , drunkenly laugh as he watch ... 48 sir brok ... bare - chest , atop the table , wrestle two men at once . brok toss one over he shoulder and off the table into the bonfire . with a yelp , the wrestler roll on the ground and servant obliging beat the flame off he . the lord and they " lady " roar with approval and urge brok on . brok sling he opponent down the length of the table , send food and crockery fly . the wrestler slide past the howling , drunken crowd to the end of the table where he head flop over the edge as he groan and pass out , he roll eye blaring vacantly up at ... aislinn ... primly seat at the table end , the only point of stillness in this rowdy revelry . weary despair , not age , have fade she beauty . einon shout down the table at she . einon can he continue , mother ? aislinn lift the unconscious man 's arm off she plate by its sleeve in dainty disgust , drop it contemptuously over the edge of the table . aislinn the field be Sir brok 's , my son . brok do a victory dance on the table to the delighted roar of the crowd , while einon spin to felton beside he . nestled drunkenly in felton 's arm be he pretty little minx . purse and stack of coin litter the table . einon scoops two stack from felton 's pile to he . einon twenty you owe I , felton ! felton start to feebly protest . aislinn ten ... my son . the correction be speak in flat calm . einon frown at he mother , then at felton whose pretty Little minx have start to slide one of the stack back . felton smile uneasily at the displease king and , slapping away minx 's hand from the coin , scoot they back to einon 's pile . felton the spectacle of Sir brok 's prowess be worth double the wager , sire ! einon , reeling up , snatch a pitcher to pour more wine . it 's empty . he bang it on the table . einon more wine ! 49 suddenly , in the polished sheen of the pitcher 's metal , einon catch something . einon be Pov - the pitcher - night reflected in the pitcher , he see a figure , armed with a knife , creeping down the low rooftop , directly behind he . back to scene as einon once more bang the pitcher on the table . einon wine ! the King 's thirst must be quench ! suddenly , from off the rooftop the figure come fly . but einon 's timing be perfect . he duck and the attacker go fly over he , sprawling onto the table amid the feast and scream of the stunne woman . einon be atop the body in a instant , spin it over , and wrenching the knife from the grasp of ... kara ... who struggle in einon 's grasp , she red hair fly . a half - dozen sword fly out , ready to stab she to death . einon no ! the blade stop . einon 's sober gaze intently scrutinize the girl . about she neck , she wear she father 's headband . once more she flame hair glow against the fire- light jarring a elusive memory for einon . einon I know ... you ... ( recognition hit ) the quarry ! the blind dog 's whelp ! ( laugh ) family devotion ! a fine thing ! be not it , mother ? only aislinn 's sad eye respond to he sneering question ... or accusation , they be fill with quiet admiration for the girl . einon turn he sneer on kara once more . einon first you beg mercy for he fate . then try to avenge it . and now you will share it . but it 's say with flee conviction , even as einon 's sneer flee ... for he 's become aware of she beauty . kara in you kingdom , einon , there be worse fate than death . 50 the sneer be back . einon itll think up one for you ! lock she up ! brok and other haul she away . einon pick up the dagger then gaze at he mother , watch he in inscrutable silence . einon where 's my wine ! he jab the dagger into a hunk of meat and tear off a bite with he tooth . ext . einon be castle - kara' dagger - day kara 's dagger furiously chop at a wooden branch . camera back on einon , dress in a open jerkin , on the battlement amid the work rubble of renovation . einon idly chop at a piece of scaffold with kara 's knife , mesmerize by the glow of ... the forge ... fiery hot . sweaty body toil over it , hammer out hinge and bar . other worker scuttle about , bang and saw in counterpoint to ... einon's violent whittling ... as he watch , the noise seem to get louder in he head , swirl and jarring , transforming into other sound ... sound of battle ... clanking metal and clash arm ! suddenly , einon 's eye spark with ferocious light . he charge down a stairway . int . einon's castle ~- stairway - day einon fly down a flight of stone step . einon's castle - courtyard - day einon stalk through the courtyard with determine purpose , bolt into a grate doorway . int . dungeon ~ day einon barge into the dungeon , startling kara , chain to the wall . his intense gaze be unnerve . he idly stroke he chest with the knife . as he press into she , he slide the blade from the fold of he shirt and caress she throat with it . einon I remember now ... 51 he rip open she blouse with the dagger . she gasp as he slide the blade along she chest . over she jerk heart . he flip aside the tear flap of the garment to peer at she breast . einon xy remember ... int . bedchamber ~ einon be castle - on kara - sunset kara , in a simple shift , lie amidst the rumple coverlet of a bed . the unspilt tear in she eye glisten in the candle - glow of a nearby sconce . einon sit on the edge of the bed , he jerkin open and loose . ' he sneer in amused contempt as she first tear fall . einon ( drunkenly ) you weep ? you could be on the battle - ment as buzzard bait rather than in the royal bed . rebel must learn to love they king . he lurch up and weave to the nightstand where he refill he wine cup . kara spy he discard belt on the floor +-- and she dagger tuck in jit . ext . plateau - on dagger - sunset a dagger plunge down ... against a flint . camera back . Bowen and the Dragon camp in a canyon . a pluck bird be skewer ona spit . Bowen try to start a fire with a flint . the Dragon watch in amusement . flame snort from he nostril and the campfire 's ablaze . so 's the bird . Bowen nod a dubious thanks as the Dragon wipe the black ring from he nostril with a sniff . dragon hope you like it well do . Bowen jerk the spit from the fire , beat the flame off the bird , and eat . firelight flicker over the shiny horn on Bowen 's shield . Bowen notice the Dragon stare at they . dragon do you hate we so much ? bowen I hate one of you . ( refer to shield ) this I kill , because I want to kill he . but never find he . never shall . if you be the last , he must be dead . 52 dragon yes .. what be he like ? this Dragon you hate . bowen he have only half a heart . but even one half hold enough evil to pollute a innocent . Dragon , forget himself , rise up , hotly . dragon einon be no innocent ! he pollute the heart ! now Bowen rise . the pair stare wildly at each other ... Bowen surprised the Dragon know this history ... the Dragon worried he might have tip he hand . bowen so you know the story , Dragon ? dragon all dragon know it ! what be to be they hope become they doom . a spoiled , ungrateful child be give a great gift and destroy it ! the word cut through Bowen , prodding the suspicion he have always hold ... and never want to confront . bowen no ! I know that boy . taught hin . taught he the way of honour and right . the Old code . dragon then he betrayed you , even as he betrayed the dragon whose heart he break ! bowen that 's a lie , Dragon ! dragon stop call I dragon ! I have a name ! bowen what be it then , Dragon ? this break the tension . the Dragon shrug sheepishly . dragon well ...uh... you could not possibly pronounce it in you tongue . 53 Bowen turn away in exasperate disgust , fling he bird into the fire . behind he the Dragon suddenly clutches at he shoulder and stagger in pain . a red glow pulsate beneath the skin of he ailing shoulder . the dragon moan . dragon arr...er ... awwrr . bowen you be right . I could not pronounce it ... again , the Dragon moan and Bowen realize he be not get a language lesson . this language be universal -- pain ! he wheel to see the Dragon fall , wince to the ground . ' int . einon be castle - bedchamber - on wine cup - night einon 's wine cup roll on the floor , the wine seeping across the stone like blood . camera up . einon , a startle glaze in he eye , slump against the wall . he dagger be bury hilt deep in he leave shoulder . kara glare at he . kara a love dart from cupid , einon ! einon jerk up , wrenching the blade from he jerkin sleeve , which he cut open , expose the wound ... a thin line of blood trickle from he shoulder , but the wound be surprisingly slight . einon laugh , wiping at the blood and suck it from he finger . kara no ! einon not as deep or deadly as you think ? next time stab more flesh , less cloth . kara next time I will pierce you heart ! he grab she arm and throw she on the bed , hover over she , pull close . einon you already do , sweet , in more way than one . a very special heart . like no other . he place she hand against he chest . she yank it back . kara a black withere thing devoid of pity . einon bring the knife to she throat . but as he gaze at she lovely face twisted in hate for he , he calm , caress she with the dagger , wiping he blood on she cheek . in he eye be a pathetic perverse look of pain . 54 einon then teach I . pity I ... everything . I would give you everything . even power . you be so ... beautiful . knife still against she cheek , he kiss she reluctant lip in awkward tenderness . as she pull back , he shove she on the bed and stick the knife in the bedpost . kara glare up and see ... he wound ... be almost entirely heal . as though she only scratch he ! einon even power ... even a throne ... ' he stagger drunkenly from the room . kara fight back fresh tear , she hand scraping down she body as though try to rub he foul touch from she . in manic fury , she rip the cover from the bed , then collapse on it , tear flooding . ext . canyon - on dragon - night firelight reflect across he face as ... bowen ... concern etched in he face , use a wet saddle blanket as a compress for the Dragon 's shoulder , still glow hot . steam puff up in a sizzling hiss as Bowen place the blanket over the wound and the glow subside . dragon thank you . it 's pass now . bowen what be it ? dragon a old complaint that act up now and again ... bowen forgive I if anything I say ... if I upset you ... dragon it be not you ... not you ... int . einon's castle ~ bedchamber - night kara fitfully sleep . a shadow fall over she . she stir as a hand pull the dagger from the bedpost . she jerk up , cower . aislinn step into the candlelight . kara how do you come here ? 55 aislinn T have my way . kara why do you come ? aislinn to help . kara I need no help from she who bore the beast . aislinn I bore a child ... a innocent child . be it he fault he be the bitter fruit of a seed sow without love ? kara I would have smother such a child in he crib . aislinn you say so now . I think so once . but when you hold he in you arm , you do not see the monster he can become ... only a small something that be a part of you , ery for you nourishment , frail and helpless ... and you do not realize you be the helpless one . ( bitter outburst ) how could I guide he when I be merely a bit of plunder ? a creature of submission . allow no pleasure . no feeling . no voice . how could he hear I ? what be leave for he but he father 's taint ? aislinn , tremble with emotion , regains she regal composure . kara be this the help you offer ? to foretell my future in you past ? give I the dagger . let I kill myself before I be accomplice to this vile legacy . aislinn why wish for death , when there be freedom ? the Queen take a candle and go to a corner of the chamber , illuminate a stone wall . she press a hide spring and the wall creak open , expose a secret passage . 56 int . einon be castle - cistern - nigrt a stone wall slide open and kara and aislinn step out into a large cistern . below they be the water . aislinn lead kara down a stone path that run along the wall of the cistern . kara see the door on the other side and start to open it , but aislinn stop she , slide open a small hatch in the door . through the peephole , kara can see ... ext . einon be castle ~ courtyard - night «.+. the guard patrol the courtyard . -int . einon be castle - cistern - night aislinn point to a iron door , just above the water 's surface . kara head for it , stop before it to turn back . kara thank y... but aislinn have disappear once more into the shadow . ext . einon be castle - base of tre wall - night kara stealthily emerge from a crevice of the castle wall 's rocky foundation and slide down a steep pass into the darkness of the night . ext . canyon - on bowen - night a cape around he shoulder , nodd off to sleep . as he head slump forward , he jerk it back , pop he eye open . dragon ( 0s ) have you be watch over I all night ? camera back . the Dragon be curl on the ground behind Bowen , who have indeed be hold vigil , though he 's embarrassed by it . bowen I have ... be think ... dragon about what ...? bowen many thing ... mostly what to call you . I have find you a name . dragon 57 you say that as though you reach up and pluck it from the sky . bowen I do . up there . see that cluster of star there ? ext . starry - sky - night a series of star shine brilliantly against night 's black curtain . it be the constellation of draco . ( note : the radiance of this star should be highly exaggerated to make the pattern of the constellation plainly visible . ) the Dragon 's head loom into frame , stare at the star . dragon I know that star very well . ext . canyon ~ night the Dragon gaze up at the star in fervent long . bowen do you see the shape they make ? dragon a dragon . bowen yes . we call it draco . it mean dragon in the scholar 's speech . dragon so instead of call I Dragon in you tongue , you will call I Dragon in some other tongue . bowen you be right . it 's a silly idea . dragon no ... I would be honoure to be name after that star . draco . thank you , kni ... do you have a name ? bowen Bowen . . dragon thank you , Bowen . draco look skyward at he namesake . 58 draco ... draco ... the serpentine constellation glow in the night sky . ext . einon be castle - long shot ~ night crashing & yelling echoe from within the forbid edifice . einon ( 0s ) dog ! fool ! int . bedchamber ~ einon's castle -— night na guard fly across the room , clatter into a table and chair . another guard stagger out of the debris of overturn bedding and a nightstand . a enraged einon grab he by the neck and fling he into the open fireplace . a nervous brok and a inscrutable aislinn watch einon 's lethal tantrum as the guard roll yelping out of the fire and einon descend on he with the iron fireplace poker , repeatedly beat the man on the back and leg . einon if you can not guard a simple girl , then go guard shade in Hell . brok intercede with wary caution . brok sire ! how could they have know of that ? Wild with fury , spittle fleck he lip , he spin on brok , press the tip of the poker against the knight 's throat as though he would plunge through the other side . brok point to the open secret passage . einon turn to it , he rage subside slightly as he 's strike by a think . einon more importantly , how could the girl know ? his dark gaze shift to he mother as he lower the poker from brok 's throat . he kick the guard at he foot and fling the poker at the other . einon get out ! the guard scurry out the door . einon , still stare at he mother , issue a command to brok . einon get my best man ! 59 brok bow and exit . aislinn cooly return einon 's gaze . aislinn I will send someone to clean up this mess . she exit . einon suspiciously watch she go . ext . kara' village - day a barrage of vegetable come flying at the camera , which pan to : a angry mob ... pursue a dishevelled young woman through the village , pelting she with rotten vegetable and handfuls of mud . shout above the crowd , the girl futilely try to -hold she ground . underneath the mud , splatter produce , and grungy clothes , it 's kara ! kara throw off the yoke of einon 's oppression . raise arm , I say ! splotch ! a rotten cabbage plow into she chest . splat ! a glop of mud smack she forehead . kara listen to I ! whack ! more mud spray across she . a strapping blacksmith , hewe , sport a eyepatch , have throw it . hewe to treason ! you father sing that sour tune once , kara . ( point to he eye ) and once be enough . we will not dance to it again ! kara no , just cringe like dog under einon 's boot . hewe a cring dog 's a live one ! hewe rear back to toss a squash , but another hand pluck it from he grasp . the peasant angrily wheel about to confront ... bowen ... break the squash in half and bite into a piece . kara remember he instantly and a smile of recognition break through the veil of drip vegetable . bowen why waste good food on bad rhetoric ? kara 's smile disappear as she snarl in umbrage . 60 kara I speak truth ! bowen ( munch squash ) Truth be rarely inspiring , lass , and never win rebellion . but. it can stretch rebel ' neck ... if there be a neck under that vegetable patch . kara self - consciously wipe at she face . grinning , Bowen , offer she the other squash half . she indignantly shove it in he face . the crowd laugh then ... a woman scream ... and point skyward ... a wind rustle through the village as the crowd dive for cover . Bowen wipe the ' squash from he eye just in time to see : draco' wing ... dip past , knock a patch of thatch off a hut roof . it plop on ... bowen ... who fall to the ground underneath it . he come up spew thatch and glaring skyward , mumble to himself . bowen show-off ... ext . kara' village - later ~ day draco , smoke curling from he nostril , perches on a rocky ledge overhange a grove of tree a short distance from the village like a vulture , hungrily eying ... the villager ... huddle behind they hut . hewe dicker with a peeve Bowen , still pick thatch out of he clothes . bowen where 's the Lord responsible for this village ? hewe in a fine house six mile away . he will just blame any destruction on we and pluck we pocket to pay for it . this remark nettle Bowen 's latent conscience but not enough to dissuade he . bowen well , I will not pluck they as deeply ! it be a fair offer , take it or leave ..- he ! ( point to draco ) the villager mumble among themselves as kara shove through the crowd , drip mud and mushy vegetable in she wake . kara 61 ( point to Bowen ) leave he ! it 's bad enough you grovel to einon . will you be bully by some blackmail break - down knight ? you do not need he to get rid of a dragon ! Bowen glare , caring neither for she insult nor meddle . he turn to a rotund villager with three rotund daughter . bowen that 's right . perhaps you will part with one of you delectable daughter instead of gold . dragon be partial to maiden sacrifice . the rotund villager fan he arm in front of he daughter to protect they from such a horrid think . but hewe like the idea , with alteration ... hewe why must it be a daughter ? the crowd turn with he as he shifty gaze fall on ... kara ... jaw drop as she realize they intent . ext . kara' village - the field ~ day the villager roll a rickety cart out to a open field , the old battlefield where they fight King freyne . kara , strapped to a pole wedge into the back of the cart , yell she head off . kara no! no! please ! I be not even a virgin ! Bowen watch in exasperate disgust . bowen superstitious yokel . he mount up and ride out of the village . ext . rock spire - day from he perch , draco watch the shenanigan of the villager in utter befuddlement . suddenly , he see Bowen below , riding up to the base of the rock . draco who 's the girl ? bowen a nuisance . get rid of she . 62 draco why ? bowen they be try to placate you with a sacrifice . draco whoever give they that bright idea ? bowen never mind ! they be imbecile . draco . barbarian ! bowen just get rid of she ! draco how ? bowen how should I know ? eat she . draco oh please ! yecch ! bowen my , be not we squeamish ? you eat Sir eglamore . draco I never swallow ! merely chew in self ~ defense . bowen oh ... then I suppose torch she 's out of the question . draco absolutely ! bowen it would impress the yokel . draco will you listen to yourself ? bowen well ... then ... improvise ! draco heave a sigh and swoops off the rock towards ... 63 ext . kara' village - the field - day kara ... who scream , draco reach out a claw to she whereupon she faint . draco wrench the stake out of the cart , fly off with the limp girl out of frame . as the empty stake plop back down to the ground , the crowd pour out into the village , cheer . ext . wood - day a sour-face Bowen come riding through . suddenly he hear trilling . the strange dragonsong . but this time the musical trill be light and happy , not melancholy as before . - Bowen spur he horse to the sound , come to a clear where he spy ... ext . waterfall - dusk kara ... sit on a rock , soaking up the sun , as draco contentedly trill . kara be transport , touch by the strange music . she smile at draco . kara you have a beautiful voice . draco blushes a bright crimson . kara laugh at he awkward shyness . kara you be not like a dragon at all . draco how many do you know ? kara none that serenade maiden instead of devour they . you be entirely too happy for a dragon . I bet you do not do any of the horrid thing they say . draco minstrel ' fancy . never hurt a soul unless they try to hurt I first . kara then why be you in that village ? draco oh ?...0h ! the village ! bowen ( 0s ) yes ! you remember the village . both kara and draco turn to ... 64 bowen ... stomping toward they . kara emit a warlike screech and leap onto he horse . she plop in the saddle , face~to - face with Bowen and start to pummel he . kara leave he alone , you bully ! run , draco , fly ! I will hold hin , ( to Bowen ) pick on someone you own size ! draco suppress he laughter as Bowen and kara tumble from the saddle in the pond . Bowen sputter at draco . bowen where have you be ? draco I have be ... distract ... Bowen , meet kara . Bowen turn to kara and , with a exasperate sigh , grab she floundering arm to help she up . she slap he away . he let go . she flop back down in the pond . bowen you should have eat she ! draco now do not be angry . bowen why not ? you leave I high and dry . worried to death ... draco worried ? over I ? bowen .+- here I be wait around ... I do not know what 's happen ? where you be ? when you be come back ?... suddenly draco tense . all aquiver . listen . he whirl back behind the waterfall . kara watch he go . bowen ...- if you be come back ? you just ... Bowen wheel back to draco , only to discover he go . bowen ... disappear ... he glare suspiciously at kara , as though she 's hide he . before she can respond , draco 's head pop through the waterfall . 65 draco horse . someone 's come . draco duck back behind the fall as Bowen and kara also hear the horse . Bowen turn to face they . the rider emerge from the tree . kara recognize they . and they , she ! it 's einon with a search party . as the rider charge up , Bowen leap protectively in front of the frighten girl , he sword whirling in a flashy display as einon 's minion hesitate . as they slowly surround hin , Bowen tensely hold he ground . booming laughter suddenly break the stand -off . einon it can not be ! but it be ! the king 's old mentor ! still give carve lesson ? Bowen size einon up . he do not care for what he see . bowen get off you horse and I will give you one . einon I be bigger now . perhaps , I will give you one . bowen stick to slaughtering peasant . it 's safer . einon oh , we do not slaughter they anymore . they can not pay they tax if they be dead . ( survey Bowen 's rag condition ) seem time have not be kind , Bowen . you should never have break with I . bowen it be you who break with I . einon idly stroke he scar in dark and , perhaps , even regretful remembrance . but he shake off old memory with a twisted smile . einon yet you return to I and with my lose lady . Bowen turn to kara , surprised . she shake she head in vigorous denial . bowen I think the lady want to stay lose . 66 einon not she choice , I be afraid . bowen my three foot of steel say it be , kara laugh , delighted to have a defender . einon flush with anger . then he slowly smile as he unsheath he sword . einon I be ready for my lesson now , knight ... as Bowen tense , on guard , expect a hounourable fight . instead , he get a dirty trick . einon but first , one for you ! einon fling he shield at he . Bowen be knock into the water . he deftly roll and use the shield to protect himself from the flail hoof of einon 's horse as , laugh savagely , einon charge over he and grab kara by the hair , jerk she head back . einon do not go anywhere , sweet . this will not take long . he bend over and ruthlessly kiss the squirming girl . as he do , Bowen spring up and slam the shield against einon 's back , unseat he from he horse . bowen only expose you back to a corpse . that 's one lesson you never learn . einon 's man start to rush in , but einon come up shaking water , eye flash . einon stand back ! ( to Bowen ) you be a corpse ! the two engage . Trading fast and furious blow . as they fight , a shadow watch from behind the waterfall . int . waterfall - cave - day the two combatant be watch through the cascade water . the clank of steel be hear above the rush water . and the labour breathe of draco . 67 ext . waterfall - day the swordplay be dazzle and Bowen 's hold he own . but einon 's young . and faster . einon lie down , knight . life have pass you by . you ' tre the sorry scrap of dead world and dead belief ! the taunt renew Bowen 's fury . bowen they be you belief ! einon never ! never mine ! bowen they be ! the old code ... einon I spit on you code ! I spit on it then . and I spit on it now ! bowen no ! you know the word ! you speak they ! einon I vomitted they up because I could not stomach they . Bowen do not want to hear it . his sad fantasy that the Dragon taint einon be unravel . tear well in he eye . he try to shout down the truth . bowen lies ! I teach you ... einon ...- to fight ! that 's all ! I take what I need from you , knight . you teach I to fight ! and well ! it 's the coup de grace . Bowen , daze by he break dream , attack sloppily . einon 's blade rip across he shoulder and send the shattered knight spin back onto he knee in the water . einon charge in , blade upraise . but before he can deliver the deathblow , he 's blind by a swooshing spray of water . growl , he shake it from he eye to discover ... draco ... between einon and Bowen . Roaring fiercely . his wing swing up and the scale on he chest fall back , expose ... the red scar on he chest . einon , quaking in fear , recognize the Dragon ... and he death and scream . 68 dash for he horse , the terrify king mount and gallop away . the rest of he minion follow he . Bowen stagger out of the water and sloshes over to draco . he be still shake and angry from he encounter with einon . bowen who ask you to butt in ? I have everything under control ! draco do not answer . he watch einon ride off , disturb and concerned . someone else be disturb by something . Bowen feel a tug at he sleeve . it 's kara . kara just how be it you two know each other ? - Bowen and draco trade a sheepish glance . ext . swamp village - bridge — day Bowen lead he horse across a rickety bridge over a swampy river . kara walk along side he . Bowen wince and rub he wounded shoulder . kara here . let I see . she open he jerkin and tenderly remove the rag bandage . bowen. watch she . her head close to he . she look up and catch he stare at she . he quickly shift he gaze . kara it 's all heal , Bowen . just a little stiff . Bowen limber up he arm . his eye rove downriver where a cluster of mud hut sit on a island in the middle of a dreary , mist - enshrouded marsh . bowen that village ought to give it a little exercise . he look up as a shadow pass overhead . kara but no medicine for you other wound . Bowen rub he shoulder and glare at she . she appraise he with hurt , disappointed , plead eye . bowen I have no other wound . 69 kara you will not soothe you sick heart , Bowen , by waste you courage and skill on worthless act . bowen what wound fester in you , girl ? kara a deep one . it hurt to know my heroes be nothing more than charlatan look out only for themselves . a shadow intermittently pass over the pair . bowen well , that 's the way the wretch world turn , girl . kara and that who can not look out for themselves ?... you could lead they , Bowen . give they hope . bowen false hope ! even if you could raise a ragtag army , what chance do they have against seasoned troops ? the last time they try it end up a massacre . I remember ! I be there ! kara so be I . and I remember more . one lone knight who dare to stand against the king and save a rebel from a blind . ( Bowen turn sharply ) --- for a little while anyway ..-. you , Bowen . the rebel be my father . she sadly finger red-beard 's headband about she throat . Bowen look at she , the memory slowly crystallize . kara let other stand with you and this time the end will be different . Bowen take she gently by the shoulder , gaze sadly in she flaring eye , drink in she angry beauty with melancholy yearn . unable to stand he probing gaze , kara break away . kara what be you look at ? bowen myself once upon a time ... 70 Bowen mount he horse . as the shadow pass overhead again , he call up to it . bowen I will see you in the village , draco . as he mount up , draco float down beside kara , appraise she with sad , disturb eye . draco what will you do , kara ? kara try to turn the wretch world the other way . ' Bowen turn back and look at they for a moment and then spur he horse over the bridge . draco einon will not fall in my lifetime . unable to look at she any longer , draco zoom off downriver . kara watch he go . ext . swamp village - day Bowen swat at buz mosquito as he ride through a marshland river toward ... a village ... situate on a island in the middle of a dreary , mist - enshrouded marsh . from the look of it , the village be fairly dreary too . from the mud and straw hut emerge several tall brutish warrior who come forth to meet Bowen . they hesitate as the rustle of wing and wind kick past they , look skyward . so do Bowen . then he look dubiously at the village . with a weary shake of he head , he swat another mosquito and lead he horse through the shallow marsh . ext . swamp village - money sack —- day a money sack be pass from hand - to-hand ... each drop something of value in it . a coin or two ... a tarnish goblet +..a ring . camera back as the sack be give to the village chief -- a gaunt giant who hold the sack out to : bowen ... miserable . the village be miserable . the villager be miserable . tower , rag giant , hollow cheek and haunt eye . no minion of einon 's here to gouge . nor to act as a salve to he guilty conscience . mortify , Bowen swat at the mosquito that seem to abound . even the climate and the livestock be miserable . he stare up at ... draco ... who menacingly fly over the swamp . 71 kara ( os ) wait ! kara ... push through the press of villager . kara this man be a fraud ! the Chief jerk the money back . kara smile in gloat triumph . Bowen thrust out he dragonhorn shield . bowen be this a fraud ? that girl 's a wander idiot , babbling nonsense ! kara that 's a lie ! this knight be no dragonslayer . gilbert ( os ) you be mistaken , my child . friar gilbert ... emerge from the crowd , he parchment sack sling on he back , swatting at the mosquito with a scroll . a welcome sight for Bowen . bowen Gilbert ! gilbert ( embrace he ) Bowen , my lad ! praise the Saints , you be alive ! and whole ! ( feel Bowen 's arm to make sure ; to Chief ) you could not put you trust in a better man . I have personally see he slay almost two dragon . kara almost ? gilbert well , I do not actually witness the deathblow to the second , but since Sir Bowen 's here , he must have win ! bowen ( smugly ) I never lose . Chief thrust the money at Bowen again , but kara stop hin . kara no ! he 's in league with the dragon ! 72 everyone stare at she . bowen. Gilbert . the villlager . they Chief ... who slowly start to chuckle , then laugh . he hand the money to Bowen who also laugh and make a crazy sign in reference to kara . bowen told you . a addle - pate ninny ! everyone be laugh now , except a fume kara ! ext . swamp village ~ edge of swamp - day Bowen have once again devise " a whacker " . Gilbert gleefully help out , drive the ballast - cart ox into position until Bowen signal he to stop . bowen whoa , Gilbert . hold it steady there ! as Bowen load and sight " the whacker " , kara , like one of the constantly buzzing mosquito , hover beside Bowen , speak so Gilbert can not overhear . kara I think you have sink low , Bowen . but not this low . bowen wait till you see how low draco sink . twang ! Bowen slice the rope-trigger and the harpoon fly off toward ... draco ... who expertly snare the lance under he wing and , as before , go into he death - throes and swoon down into the marsh . but not under ! he land with a huge muddy splat that spray both kara and Bowen . Bowen wipe off muck , find draco at the edge of the swamp , belly up , eye close , freeze in a awkward death pose . bowen well , sink ! sink ! draco ( not break he pose ) how ? it do not get any deeper . kara laugh at they predicament . Bowen wheel and glare at she , just as Gilbert come joyously run up . gilbert you have do it again , Sir knight ! oooh , look at the brute . bigger than the last one you tangle with . 73 bowen actually , he 's about the same size . Bowen steer Gilbert away . but he can not steer away ... the swamp people ... charge up . armed to the tooth with axe . mouth water . chant rapturously . swamp people meat ! meat ! bowen uh-oh ... shock , draco break he death tableau , jerk he head up . gilbert good Lord , it 's alive ! the swamp people halt when they see the dragon 's not dead yet ! but they Chief urge they on . chief quickly ! kill it while it 's down . Bowen , have mount , ride out to stop they . bowen no ! stay back ! they do not ... rush by he , chant " meat ! " , toward ... draco ... flopping up an@ flutter about like a duck stick in the mud . he finally get unstuck and , just as the swamp dweller descend on he , whoosh out of the mud and out of reach . the swamp people turn back , glaring with suspicious hunger at ... bowen & kara ... who watch they start to close in . bowen ( to kara ) happy now ? they be on to we . kara we ? bowen come on . we do not want to stay for dinner . he scoops kara over the back of the saddle like a sack of wheat and spur he horse through the pack of angry swamper . more swamper rush ... 74 gilbert ... utterly baffle by all this . he holler a startle screech and sloshes through the marsh , join the panicked parade of swamper , Bowen , kara , and the horse . he run smack dab into the chief , who raise he huge cleaver . before it can come down , the money sack smack he in the chop ... flung by Bowen , riding up . bowen no dragon , no charge ! Bowen give the priest a hand onto the rump of the overburden steed . Gilbert clutches slump - over kara 's rump . kara hey ! gilbert forgive I ! kara squirm right side up , only backwards on the horse , face Gilbert who reach again for support , nearly grab kara 's breast . her scandalize look dissaude he and he clutches Bowen 's side which cause he bald pate to nestle in kara 's cleavage as the two be bobble by the swerving horse . but no matter which way they turn , swamper be close in . but there 's one way leave to turn . up. and draco provide it . swamper go squealing , as draco 's wing fill the screen . when he swoops out of frame , all that 's leave in the swamp be the swamper . the horse and its rider be go . the swamp folk watch the low - fly Dragon and he cargo disappear into the dense fog enshroud the heart of the swamp . the Chief 's sharp eye stare up into the mist ... to the craggy tor jutting up out of the haze . ext . tor ~ aerial shot ~ day the screen be filled with thick fog , we hear flapping wing . a frightened neigh . then gilbert' quavering voice . gilbert ( 0s ) Saints perserve we ! I nearly have my bald pate trim at my neck . I find you in league with a pair of rogue ...one , a Dragon who kidnap I ...! only to get we lose in this dreadful fog ! draco ( 0s ) not lose . never lose . draco 's firm voice shush the whining . as do the sight loom out of the thinning fog .... 75 the ruins of a ancient castle ... see from above . at its center be a ring of eerie stone column . gilbert ( os ) what deadly , unholy place be this ? draco ( os ) most holy , priest . more than death dwell here , brother Gilbert . gilbert ( 0s ) w- what more ? draco ( os ) a spirit . Beyond death . alive and eternal . that remember the once-ways and the glory of one who share we name . bowen ( 0s ) what one ? draco ( 0s ) the pendragon ! gilbert pend --! Arthur pendragon !... King Arthur ! a land of mist ... avalon ! avalon ! come closer and closer into view ! ext . tor - night Gilbert pray before the tallest column in the circle of stone . gilbert so it be foretold . and so I have find you , brave Arthur . among you brother knight in a grove upon a tor . nota grove . but the round table of camelot ... this mention of the round table have it 's affect on ... bowen ... move solemnly among the stone column , talk to himself , touch the stone . bowen the round table .. here be Sir gawain 's place ... here galahad ... gilbert let we who remember the glorey of you golden kingdom feel you noble spirit , 0 King . Bowen weave through the column , stop at the one just to the right of Arthur 's . 76 bowen »»-lancelot ... the right hand of Arthur . gilbert -.and let the song of excalibur echo in we enemy 's ear . amen ... I be ready , my child . he rise and join kara . both turn to Bowen , move slowly to Arthur 's stone . gilbert and you , Bowen ? Bowen be obviously move by this experience , but not move enough to give Gilbert the answer he hope for . gilbert my son ... this be avalon . the shadow realm of the round table . it be a divine omen ! bowen omens and shadow will not win battle . nor will you . you will find out soon enough when you try to raise you army . ( to kara ) you already know the courage of you village . they be very brave at pelting girl with vegetable . kara it must start somewhere . kara will you wish we luck , draco ? she turn to ... draco ... perch on a crumble castle turret frame between two of the stone column , gaze up at the sky ... at the draco constellation . draco Long ago , when man be young and the dragon already old , the wisest of we race take pity on man and share with he we secret . and when this Wise one be die , he gather together all the dragon , make they vow to watch over man always . and at the moment of he death , the night become alive with that star . 77 draco' Pov - " the draco constellation it glitter brightly in the black sky . draco ( 0s ) through the year , he shimmer soul be join by other , as the dragon keep they pledge to serve man ... until the heaven be aglow with star . back to scene draco look back down on the trio below . draco but then man grow arrogant with the gift of we power and shunne we guidance . and fewer star ascend the sky to hold back black night . draco gaze forlornly at the sky . draco all my life I have long to perform one deed worthy of that shine above . finally my chance come . a great sacrifice that would reunite man and dragon and ensure my place among my ancient brother of the sky ... but my sacrifice become my sin . bowen it be you . you half - heart beat in einon 's breast . draco descend into the circle of stone , bare the scale on he breast , revealing a jag crimson scar . draco yes . my half ~heart that cost all my soul . even then I know he bloodthirsty nature , but I think the heart could change he . my God , I be naive . Bowen bark a short savage laugh , then the bitterness in he eye be overwhelm by torture melancholy . bowen ( quiet hollowness ) no more than I ... always I dream of serve noble king and nobler ideal . but dream die hard . and you hold they in you hand long after they have crumble to dust . and in you heart long after they have sour to bitter poison ... I will not be that naive again . 78 draco kara , I will go with you . Bowen wheel to draco , stunne by the declaration ... and the sudden realization that now he be alone . but it do not change he conviction . he turn from the other and walk out of the circle of stone . draco sadly watch he go . draco so be it . farewell , Bowen . ext . tor - on sky - night rain come down in torrent . camera pan to ... -bowen ... who seek shelter in the hollow of crumble turret . the wind howl . the rain lance through the ever-present mist . Bowen pull up he cloak . then he hear ... a hoarse whisper . whisper valour ... valour ... Bowen spring up , peer into rainy , windswept mist . whisper valour ... Bowen . whirl to the sound ... it come the stone column . ghost voice # 1 a knight be swear to valour ... ghost voice # 2 his heart know only virtue ... rising up , Bowen walk from he shelter , listen to the voice . then a third voice join the other ghost voice ... then a FOURTH ... ghost voice # 3 his blade defend the helpless ... ghost voice # 4 his might uphold the weak ... they hollow voice echo and overlap in the wind . a voice float out of lancelot be stone next to Bowen , who fall back . launcelot's voice his word speak only truth . then the last voice ... arthur be rise from he stone . Bowen collapse to he knee as more than Arthur 's voice emerge from the stone ... 79 arthur' ghostly image ... float before the stunne knight . eerie and majestic . pale and as wispy as the swirl mist . slashed by the rain . waver in the wind . arthur' voice his wrath undoe the wick ! more ghost voice of the roundtable join the echoing brotherhood , recite the Old code in a crescendo cacophony accompany by the roaring thunder and the drive rain , whirling about Bowen in the whipping wind . drenched in rain and tear , Bowen cover he head from the forbid image of Arthur , from the jumble of sound , recite the code himself in a breathless , rush litany , try to shout down the mad singsong racket of the spirit - voice , try to keep the sense of the word and they meaning . bowen a knight be swear to valour . his heart know only virtue . blade defend the helpless . uphold the weak . speak only truth ...! he 's stop , realize he be the only voice he hear . the other be silent . all but one ... Arthur 's image be fade back into the stone . ghost of arthur ( faintly ) his wrath ... he 's go . head bow , Bowen kneel before Arthur 's rock , reach out to touch it . bowen ( whisper ) +-- undoe the wick . Thunder roar . lightn flash . in its jag light , something new be reveal .. draco ... Bowen stare up longingly at he and draco , the rain stream down he face , into he kindly eye , stretch out he wing to shield the knight from the storm . there they stay , huddle in the shadow of the rocky symbol of they once - lose dream and they new- find hope ... two lose soul cleanse and purify in the heavenly rain and reunite in a common vision . ext . kara' village - on quarter -stave - day a quarter-stave smashes down on another . camera back , as one - eye hewe drive kara to the ground with the blow . other villager crowd around , laugh and mock . Gilbert scramble to kara 's side and help she to she foot . 80 hewe and we be suppose to follow you and a Priest against einon ! to Hell , more likely ! we have have enough of you moon - ~ eye mischief , girl ! begone ! hewe raise he staff to beat they off . but a arrow suddenly imbed itself in the staff . all eye turn to ... a rider ... who sling he bow and gallop into the village , frame against the rise sun . his horse rear as the rider halt between Gilbert and kara and hewe . it be ... bowen ... scrubbed and shave . clothes and armour , though fray and wear , be clean and mend as best can be . his eye shine with a fierce fine visionary fire . he pluck he ' arrow from the staff . bowen save you strength for the fight against einon . hewe ( contemptuously ) there be not any fight against einon . bowen I be go to start one . kara and Gilbert react to this good news . hewe you and what army , knight ? bowen he will enlist ! he jerk a thumb over he shoulder at ... draco ... as he rise up from behind the horizon of a ridge . majestic . aglow . like fire . ablaze in the morning sun . ext . kara' village - training ground ~ montage ~ day preparation for war - series of shot a forge blow fiery hot , as hewe and the other blacksmith smelt plowshear back into molten metal . other peasant contribute metal farm implement to the pile rise high for the war effort . molten metal be pour into mold for sword , and pike- tip and arrow point . RAW weapon hiss as they be dip in cold water and dumped onto table where men hone and sharpen they . 81 peasant be flocking to the cause . Men come with they own ¢rude weapon and bring they family with they . Bowen and Gilbert sort they out and direct they to function and camp placement . women and child work a arrow -making assembly line , stripping the shaft with " stripper , affixing point with sinew , glue feather on . finish arrow be bundle and stack . bowen watch in amusement as gilbert get a archery lesson from some of the villager . he struggle to pull back the bowstring . when he let go of it , the bow go fly and he 's still hold onto the arrow . hewe watch man run through a series of exercise with a pike , tilting at wooden model . a command tent be go up behind Bowen as he discuss strategy with Gilbert , kara , hewe , and the other choose general . parchment map be strewn over a rickety table and Gilbert , with a quill , draw line and swirl on they at Bowen 's direction . gilbert ( vo ) the sky 's untouched without the reach , the dream 's no good without the dare , and one must fight for what one want , tis purpose God attend , not prayer . ext . kara' village - day kara swing a heavy battle - axe through a series of exercise . as she whirl it above she head , the momentum send she staggering back against ... bowen ... who stop she fall .. bowen easy ... kara ( shyly ) oh ... thank you ... she do not move . nor be he in any hurry to dislodge she . they be very close , stare stupidly at each other , before Bowen awkwardly seques from romance to warfare . not let go of she , he nudge she leg apart with one of he own . bowen here ... widen you stance . he guide she arm up , hold the axe aloft . bowen up ... then down . 82 they arm swing down together . they body sway forward , he press tightly against she from behind . bowen that 's it ... one fluid stroke .. the downward arc of the axe almost throw kara off - balance . but Bowen 's enfold arm steady she . her hair brushes he face . her lip almost touch he cheek as she turn to hin . kara that could cleave a man 's skull . bowen like a pudding . neither move from they awkward embrace . her warm breath intoxicate he and he reel back from she spell , axe in hand . then grin with school - boy bravura , he fling the axe . it spiral through the air , strike a pumpkin and split it neatly in two . ext . kara' village - archery range - day a bowstring be pull tentatively back ... gilbert ... be the archer , receive patient instruction from Bowen . bowen that 's it ! sight along the arrow . now release ! " thwack ! " the arrow bury itself right in the middle of a straw man' heart . camera pan to Gilbert . he smile proudly over at ... the dumbfounded peasant ... mouth agape ... include hewe . hewe beginner 's luck ! try again ! Gilbert eagerly notches another arrow , consummately perform Bowen 's direction and let fly . this time it hit the straw dummy right between the eye . Bowen let out a long , impressed whistle . bowen brother Gilbert , you be a natural . gilbert this be fun ! bowen not for the fellow you be aim at . try again . 83 he point at the straw target again . Gilbert delightedly let fly with another direct hit . right in the dumny 's crotch . Bowen grin and look over at a disbely hewe and shrug . bowen a natural . int . tent - on bowen - dawn Bowen sleep in he tent . suddenly , a bellowing honking wail pierce he slumber , he jerk awake , naked to the waist , he eye wide with a startle groggy glaze . he turn to see ... kara ... hold a war trumpet . kara Battle horn ! good tone , do not you think ? no , Bowen do not think . he just mumble inarticulately . kara throw he jerkin in he face . kara Sun 's up , knight . so 's the army . why be not you ? Breakfast ! she stuff a hunk of bread into he mouth . Bowen heave a muffle groan . kara too dry ? she yank the bread from he slack ~ jaw mouth . he puff he lip and sleepily try to blow the sprinkle crumb off they . kara dip the bread in a goblet of wine and cram it back into he mouth . both bread and wine dribble down he chin . he look at kara in sleepy irritation . she 's just too perky . kara come on . time 's awast . she hustle behind he , slapping a wet cloth on he back . he yelp he first word of the morning . kara well , good morning to you too ! too cold ? Bowen snatch the cloth from she and wipe the sleep from he eye . bowen too fast ! what 's the hurry ? 84 kara there 's much to be do . troops to train , strategy to plan , crise to be solve . bowen ( pull on he jerkin ) what crise ? kara grab he jaw in she hand and , mush up he cheek , jerk he face back and forth , kara that beard , for one . it could use a trim . she hold up she axe . Bowen grab she arm . kara do not worry , you teach I well . bowen to cut throat , not to shave they ! kara ( shrug ) well , if you do not want to look like a victorious general ... bowen I be not yet ! do not be overconfident . kara you be my confidence ! I have never be more sure of anything in my life ! come ! she take he hand and yank he toward the tent exit . ext . bowen be tent - rebel camp - late afternoon hq tent ... wait there be a delegation of chief and general lead by Gilbert and hewe . many other warrior and villager crowd about . before the tent be a cross -pole cover by a heavy cloth . kara tomorrow we will look to you ... glow at we head like a shine beacon ... she gesture to the drape pole . hewe whip off the cloth ... revealing a beautiful set of glistening armor . the emblem on the breastplate be draco 's golden profile . Gilbert hand he the helmet . Bowen admire it in stunne awe . 85 kara they make it for you ... all of they , out of old kettle and plow and horseshoe -.. Gilbert design it . hewe hammer and polished it . and over you heart ... draco as the emblem of you courage . Bowen be touch . his finger lightly caress the golden profile of draco . gilbert it be all kara 's idea . kara a knight 's armour should be as bright as he honour . a old woman emerge from the crowd and , in silent reverence , touch Bowen 's face . other then reach out to touch he . warrior , woman , child . all press close to touch he or give a word of thanks . speechless , overcome with emotion , Bowen bolt to he tent . int . tent - rebel camp - dusk outside , they shout for he . Bowen stare at the helmet in he tremble hand . kara ( 0s ) shall I help you put it on ? Bowen turn . kara stand there with the rest of the armour . bowen please ... he attend to the arm guard while she fasten the legging . he feel she soft hand on he calve . so close . so beautiful . she help he on with the breastplate . kara how fast you heart beat ... bowen they expect much . kara they will give much . bowen and if I do not lead they to victory ? kara then you will have lead they farther than they ever dare go before ... she step back to inspect he . 86 kara there . all do . bowen not quite . it be custom to bestow a favour on a knight . kara a favour ? bowen a veil or a scarf that he wear into battle as a token from he lady . kara bo you have a lady ? bowen I should be honoure to wear you favour . kara I ... I have no such finery . I be not a lady . I be a peasant . bowen you be the woman I love . kara stiffen at this blunt confession . thrill by it , but frighten by it . he gently turn she to he . kara I can give no favour . I can give nothing . lose honour can be recover , not so lose youth . the one thing that be mine to give einon steal forever . bowen no ... not you heart ... kara look into he eye , bright with love . she take she father 's headband from around she neck and tie it to he arm . he lean down and kiss she . ext . the field - day brok ride through a field , he falcon perch on he arn . two beater march before he flush a covey of dove from the undergrowth . brok ( 0s ) hungry , Pet ...? he remove the hood from he falcon 's head . brok eat ... 87 he watch the falcon soar skyward with bloodthirsty amusement and , spurring he horse , he follow the flight of bird over .... ext . kara' village - war camp - day .-. the crest of the ridge . in the valley below , brok see ... the rebel camp ... teeming with well - armed peasant as far as the eye can see . a sudden roar echoe out over the valley . it be a alarum that alert the entire camp to readiness . brok suddenly see ... bowen ... ride out on he charge . he turn back and signal to Gilbert , hewe with a small body of armed man behind they . he also signal to ... draco ... perch on the rocky cliff rise up out of the grove behind the village , roaring out he alarum again . this be enough for ... brok ... who gaze at the dragon with startle eye , then at Bowen charge up toward he . brok whip he horse around and take off the way he come .. ext . einon's castle - establishing shot - day brok tear into the castle gate . ext . einon's castle - courtyard - day galloping warrior ride into a castle courtyard , bustling with war preparation . weapon be cached . food and provision be store . Guards prowl the battlement . einon ( os ) I be serve by fool and dolt ! int . einon be castle - war - room - day einon be in council with he lord and general . einon peasant flee right under you nose . and take my grain and livestock with they ! felton but how could we know , you majesty ? a few peasant here and there ... brok a few , fop ? hundred ! armed and spoil for a fight ! 88 felton then let they have it ! one of we be worth a hundred of they . be you afraid , Sir brok ? with a snarl , brok almost charge across the table at felton , but einon slam he back and smile calmly at felton , patting he cheek . einon my brave felton . a regiment unto himself . einon slam felton down on the table onto a clutter of map . einon idiot ! I know this man who lead they . ( shout to all ) and I will beat he ! but I will not underestimate he ! and do not forget the dragon . aislinn ( 0s ) fear not the dragon , my son . aislinn ... stand silhouett in the doorway and cross to he . einon I fear nothing . nothing ! do you understand ? he pull she aside . einon it 's just that ... sometimes I sense he . feel he . as though he be close . but be clear . I do not fear he ! aislinn no need to , my son ... she motion he to follow she outside . curious , he do . ext . einon's castle - battlement - night einon follow he mother out . she gesture to the courtyard below . five burly tartar , all armed to the tooth , stand in the courtyard below . aislinn a mother 's gift to she son ... uhlric , volney , jugurtha , and the brother odolf and oram . the finest to be have . the five all bow . einon look from the man to he mother . 89 einon finest what ...? aislinn dragonslayer . struck by this uncharacteristic kindness , einon 's disbelief slowly shift to sly amusement . aislinn return she son 's smile . he impulsively grab he mother 's hand and kiss it . ext . kara' village - rebel camp - magic hour a guardpost bonfire burn brightly as Bowen approach it , carry something in hand . it be he dragon - horned shield . he cast it into the flame . it burn furiously with a - almost supernatural light ... like magnesium . brilliant glow spark and flare off the burn horn . draco ( 0s ) well do . Bowen turn to see draco behind hin . . bowen a knight of the Old code need no such adornment . draco ( agree ) no ... it burn brightly . bowen like a promise of hope . draco no , Bowen , you hope lie down there . draco nod to ... the valley ..- below . it be alive with the cookfire gleam in the twilight . we hear sing , child cry , laughter . all the sound of life go on . draco the one I have wait for . man must now make of the world what he can ... the day of dragon be do . bowen not do for you . if we be victorious tomorrow , we will have need of you . 90 draco you will have victory , but no need of I . listen to they , knight of the Old code , the once- way be in they song and they laughter and the cry of they child . listen and look . draco 's voice be strangely cryptic and wistful . Bowen look at he in suspicious concern . bowen what do you see ? draco everything . it yours now . his sad eye turn once more to the bonfire and the brightly burn dragon shield . its glow become ... ext . kara' village - day +.- the draco emblem on Bowen 's armour glint gold in the sunlight . tied to he arm be kara 's favour . he be at the head of he army . draco 's image be also on the banner flap gloriously in the morning breeze . in several shot and angle , the camera catch the motley , but proudly determine army as it march out of camp . kara and Gilbert ride by Bowen 's side . hewe , foot , march at the head of the troop with the other " general " . hewe glance up . other follow he gaze as ... draco ... swoops overhead . he dip a wing in salute . bowen ... acknowledge draco 's salute with a raise sword as the dragon bank leave in the direction of einon castle . angle down on army as they , too , raise they weapon in salute to the dragon , whose shadow ripple over then , ext . einon be castle - forest edge - on arrow - day a volley of FIRE arrow shoot through the sky , bounce harmlessly off the castle wall and sputtering out . camera pan to : a SMALL troop of rebel ... shabby and pitiful , lead by Bowen , down in the field before the castle have fire the arrow . a mere fraction of the rebel force . laughter ripples down from above . 91 einon ( 0s ) ( laugh ) seem you overestimate they number , brok . ext , einon's castle - battlement - day einon , brok , felton and other observe the puny rebel force as another pathetic volley of FIRE arrow plunk against the parapet wall . one arrow actually make it over the wall . einon calmly reach out and catch it in mid-air in he gauntlett hand . he blasely inspect it . einon and twelve year have not improve they ain . felton chuckle and smirk at brok . felton they will get bored and go home before dark . einon why wait ? we will send you out to chase they off . after all , " one of we be worth a hundred of they . " the number seem about right . felton gulp uneasily as einon wag the fire arrow in he face . but a worried brok be unamuse , ominously scan the sky . brok there be more ! and where 's the ...? brok choke on the question as the answer come in view ... draco ... suddenly fly out of the sunlight and , swoop down , spray the battlement with fire , send soldier scream and leaping to safety . as einon and he general also dash for cover , they look up to see ... draco ... fly out of the smoke of the explosion . ext . einon be castle - field - day in a field between the castle wall and the forest mass the peasant army , bowen and hewe at its head . the rebel cheer as draco rain more flame down on the denizen of the castle . ext . einon's castle - inside the wall - day the dragonslayers manuever a large catapult that shoot harpoon into place , scan the sky for ... 92 draco ... who suddenly swoops up from behind the castle wall , surprising the dragonslayer who abandon there catapult as draco loose a firebomb at they . as the catapult swerve , volney be knock against the trigger mechanism , discharge the harpoon which go fly and strike ... a stunned jugurtha ... right through he chest , impale he to the wall . his giant axe , still grip in he hand , knock a soldier off the battlement , send he plummet ing to the ground at the foot of ... einon's horse ... the young king be mount , at the head of armoure knight . the horse rear as einon frown at the dead soldier , then at the blaze catapult on the battlement . einon oh , lovely ... he draw he sword and shout to he man . einon well , do we stay in here like sit duck or crush that rebellious dog ? brok lead a chorus of war-cry . and as the gate be open , einon and he mount horse , follow by foot soldier , pour out of the castle , watch by ... aislinn ... from a tower window . einon and he man rush the peasant who retreat for the forest . she glance up at ... draco ... hover above , oblivious to the spear of the dragonslayer , watch the peasant run ... almost smile . ext . einon be castle - the field - day the peasant retreat without a blow be strike . einon , spy Bowen in the rout . he laugh deliriously . einon after they ! shear they like the sheep they be . and einon and he rider give chase into the wood . ext . forest battlefield - day but einon have made a tactical mistake . as soon as all the king 's rider be wheeling admidst the tree , Bowen wheel he horse on a rise . bowen now ! 93 behind einon 's calvary , a rebel swing by on a rope out of a tree , a flaming faggot in he hand . he dip the torch ina trench fill with pitch . the fire run across the forest and up both side create a U -shape barrier box in the knight . the horse panic as the wall of flame rise around they . then they descend ... hundred of peasant ... Bowen motion they forward with he sword and they charge en masse . panicked knight try to jump they horse through the flame as pikemen pick knight off horse and the swordmen and axe-wielder fall upon they . camera close in on einon as he realize he mistake but ' assume comand . einon scatter or die ! einon leap he horse over the fire . other follow he example as he force split up in the forest and come face - to - face with more rebel mischief . barrage of arrow fly out of bush and tree pick man off . more rebel lie in wait in the forest . the peasant assault be swift and surprising and deadly . as man be dvide and trap , overwhelming number of rebel appear to finish they off in hand - to-hand combat . the camera pan through the mayhem ... brok ... bashes through a phalanx of peasant with a mace and chain and encounter hewe with he quarter staff . the two tangle it up . elsewhere ... gilbert and other archer ... perch in a archer blind watch three armed rider charge a group of rebel . with lightning speed Gilbert notches a arrow and shoot . the arrow ... strike a taut rope tie off to a tree branch and neatly slice it in two . the rope slide through the branch , release ... a log ... suspend overhead which come crash down in front of the three rider . they horse rear up and the rider rock off they saddle . as they tumble to the ground , the rebel rush they . gilbert ... cross himself . gilbert pride goeth before a fall , brother ! 94 meanwhile below ... felton ... sword in hand , helmetless , cowardly scurries from tree to tree through the commotion , avoid any fight he can . but as he creep around the bole of a tree , a pitchfork be thrust at he face . he jerk back and the tine of the fork emb in the tree trunk . felton whirl face - to-face with ... he minx ... she 's go over to the rebel ! felton 's stunne rage give he a sudden flash of courage . felton you traitorous witch ! after all , I have spend on ... ( catch himself ) «.- do for ... you ! she sneer and try to yank she pitchfork from the tree . but before she can , felton , brave against a helpless woman , snap the shaft in two with he sword blade . the minx stagger back with the break end . felton advance on she , but ... gilbert ...has spot they and loose a arrow from he bow . it pierce ... felton ... in the rear . drop he sword , he yelp in pain . gilbert ... also yelp for joy . gilbert turn the other cheek ! however , it be ... the minx ... who turn felton 's other cheek , by whack he on the jaw with she break shaft . the lamp go out in he eye and he crumple to the ground . elsewhere ... kara ... fight among a group of peasant and soldier . whirl she axe with expert skill she hold she attacker , also wield a axe , at bay . but she be so busily engage , she do not see the other two enemies rush up to help they companion . but .. bowen ... riding across the field do . he gallop he horse between the two swordsman and extend he leg , kick both of they into the dirt as he ride by . he then leap from he charge horse and rush to kara 's side just as she neatly dispatch she adversary and grab he axe as he fall . whirl both axe , she smile over to Bowen . 95 kara like a pudding ! bowen more pudding 's come . kara 's be rush by two man . Bowen by three . one he quickly dispatch and take he sword . he grip he two blade , kara she two axe . grinning grimly , shoulder - to - shoulder , they take on all - comer . ext . einon's castle - battlement - day volney the tartar supervise the load of hideous barb grappling hook into the bowl of three catapult , cranke ' and ready . draco streak right to leave directly overhead . command the king 's soldier , volney crank the first lever . volney now ! the catapult wang off in order , hurl they nasty load at the dragon . but draco be a skilled warrior . he see the missile come and dodge they all . with he right hand , he catch the last hook and , yanking viciously , he do a barrel roll out of frame . back on the platform , the bolt fastened to the catapult give way like drive into balsa . the catapult skew sideways and wedge under two other . the force of draco 's pull rip up the whole mess smashing into volney and the soldier against the stone wall , crush they to death and take out a fair piece of new masonry . through a window arch below , volney hang upside down , he eye sightless in death ... ext . battlefield - day out of the smoke and confusion ride ... einon ... slice through a band of rebel . the battle go badly for he . he shout above the fray . einon retreat ! his man readily obey and scatter through the wood . he spur he horse and join they flight . 96 ext . another part of the forest - day Bowen and kara be press back - to-back as einon suddenly ride by . both recognize he . bowen _ Gilbert , stop he ! Gilbert also recognize einon and notches a metal - piercing arrow . as he tautly , tensely pull back the bow , he be grimly aware for the first time of the full power of he remarkable talent . but though he conscience waver , he bow- arm do not . gilbert thou ... shalt ...not ... kill ... he let fly . ext . einon be castle - forest edge - day the arrow strike true . einon jerk in he saddle as the arrow pierce he mail and imbed deep in he heart ! stagger by the impact , he suck in he breath . but he do not fall . he do not even feel the pain . the camera make a quick pan to : einon's castle ... where draco suddenly recoil in mid-air and , grasp he chest , howl in real pain , no scam this time . ext . forest - day with devastating skill , both kara and Bowen dispatch they enemy . for both have witness all ... einon take the arrow , draco 's screech of pain and fall . bowen draco ! ext . einon's castle - forest edge - day einon ... still alive , also watch the Dragon spiral and flutter down . he look at the arrow in he breast and , he eye glint with understanding , calmly pull it from he chest and smile at its bloody tip . ext . einon's castle - courtyard - day as the pain - wrack draco flutter into range , uhlric spring the catapult . nets of iron mesh shoot out . 97 ext . einon be castle ~ the field - day einon see the Iron net enfold the dragon as he topple behind the castle wall with a groan . realizing , what this mean , einon spur he horse toward the castle gate . einon the dragonslayer ! noooo ! he ride hell - bent for leather as ... bowen ( os ) nooo ! ext . forest - on bowen and kara - day with a anguish shout , Bowen tear down the hill for einon . kara watch he furious , futile chase and exchange a worried glance with Gilbert , who rush up to she . they both look to Bowen who have give up he chase . he turn to they , he face a mask of anguish determination . ext . einon's castle ~ courtyard - day the remain dragonslayer ... uhlric , odolf , and oram ... have netted the limp form of draco . he lie still and quiet , several of he horn be break off . the dragonslayer move in cautiously , when draco suddenly shift on he side , moan , clutching he chest . ulhric and the brother swarm in on the beast . but suddenly a wild einon be upon they , beat they back with he sword . einon no ! I want it alive ! einon grimly leer at the pain - wrack , semi-conscious draco . einon chain it ! bind its wound ! I want it alive ... and safe ! draco ( whisper groan ) no ... einon yes ... safe for all eternity . fear not , dragon , Bowen will come . a knight of the Old code do not abandon a comrade - in - arm . he laugh and depart . draco struggle weakly under the net . but the camera pan up to ... 98 aislinn ... on the battlement ... gaze on draco in solemn concern . ext . forest - day hewe and the rebel survey the carnage they have wringht . savour the taste of victory . tall and proud . Men once more . as Bowen , kara , and Gilbert emerge into the forest , hewe salute they with a upraise sword and a smile . but he smile vanish when he see they long face . ext . einon's castle - battlement - night einon stand on the battlement , gaze out at the forest -below . it be dot with the glow of the rebel campfire . then reverberate from the castle wall come a mournful trill . einon look down into the courtyard below where draco be chain . ext . forest - night draco 's melancholy trill echoe from the castle wall out across the night to the forest 's edge where camp a dispirite group of rebel . camera pan to : bowen ... listen to draco 's sad song in anguish as Gilbert dress a wound on kara 's shoulder . bowen why do he keep he alive ! he must be torture he . kara no , einon will not torture he . he will not harm he in any way . Bowen turn to she , not understanding . kara ( remember ) " einon will not fall in my lifetime " ...- draco 's word to I once . I see he go down . no one touch he . it be when Gilbert shot einon . bowen what be you say ? gilbert when my arrow pierce einon 's heart that be when draco scream and fall . Bowen stare at they in dumbfounded disbelief , refuse to contemplate what be be suggest . 99 kara do not you see ? it 's the heart . the Dragon 's heart . for einon to die , draco must die ! : bowen no! no ... Gilbert must have miss . ( fiercely ) it do not matter . nothing matter except that draco be still alive . Bowen hop up on a stump and shout to he man . bowen I go to save the Dragon . who go with I ? no rush to volunteer . just muttere oath and sullen face . Bowen turn in disgust to find kara hold out he sword . kara you do not go alone . gilbert no ... not alone ... gilbert ... who plop he helmet on he head . Bowen slide the sword into he scabbard . hewe and the other watch in silent shame , as the three march off . ext . courtyard - einon's castle - night draco lie heavily chain in a dark courtyard . his back foot and front paw be shackle tightly to the ground , as be he tail , allow almost no movement . his neck and head be also chain down to keep he from breathe fire on he restraint . his chin upon the cold stone , he can only look at the wall straight ahead of he ... or out of the corner of he eye , where he see ... uhlric ... on guard , appraise draco , spitting with distaste . then he hear ... a footstep . challenge with he spear , uhlric recognize a dim figure in the shadow . uhlric oh ... come for a peek at the royal pet ? suddenly , uhlric 's eye widen in surprise . a knife flash out of the dark in the shadow 's hand . on draco he hear a strangled gasp . uhlric weave into view , grasp he throat . he collapse to the ground . his spear roll from he lifeless finger almost to draco 's snout . 100 out of the corner of he eye , draco see the shadow . draco come from the shadow , aislinn . stand where I can see you . aislinn come forth . sheathe she bloodstain dagger . gazing down on the man she kill . then at draco . aislinn you know why I have come ? draco I know . aislinn a sorry end ... draco the only end . in give my heart , I have take on every pain and poison stir in he black breast . even the pain of he death must be mine . too long I have wait ... aislinn ( sit by he ) no one would blame you ... death without immortality . draco that be not the only reason ... to rid the world of einon , would not rid it of evil . I have to wait . wait for a time when mankind would not repeat my sin and let tyranny thrive . when there would be that who remember the once-ways . remember that even in the darkness there be still light and that who watch over they ... I can not see . be the star shine tonight ? aislinn ( weep ) brightly , my lord , brightly . draco then there be light enough . my soul need not flicker above . aislinn it be my sin , Dragon Lord , for a mother 's misguide heart , you gamble eternity and lose ... forgive I . aislinn rise . pick up uhlric 's spear . it be heavy , but she manage . but suddenly a hand tear the spear from aislinn 's grasp . einon 's hand ! 101 einon I know why you bring I the dragon - slayer , mother . you want they to kill he . you want I dead . aislinn I want to correct a mistake make year ago when I save a creature not worth save . einon how unmotherly of you . his voice be like ice , but aislinn do not flinch . draco ... eye fill with terror , watch ... draco' Pov two shadow on the wall , one raise a shadow spear to strike the other . draco ( 0s ) no-o-o-o! ext . einon be castle - base of outside wall - night kara lead Gilbert and Bowen to the hole in the wall 's rocky foundation . as they be about to enter , draco 's wail lament echoe from inside . the three exchange a worried glance and dart into the passage . int . cistern - night kara lead Bowen and Gilbert into the cistern from the passageway . Bowen charge for the courtyard door . kara not that way . too dangerous . hewe ( os ) then that 's we way . Bowen and the other wheel around to see ... hewe ... and a SMALL band of men enter the secret passage . hewe we have get to open the gate for rest of we wait outside . touched by this loyalty , Bowen warmly clap hewe on shoulder . hewe go save you dragon . 102 he open the door that lead to the castle grounds and , take a cautionary peek , motion he man out . kara point to the other stairwell . kara this lead to the castle . we can see the whole courtyard from there . Bowen start up , but kara hold he back . they eye meet . both know this may be the last quiet moment they share . she tighten she " favour " on he arm . kara you carry my favour . carry this too ... she lean up and kiss he . Bowen enfold she in he arm . int . bedchamber - einon's castle - night the secret passage open . Bowen , kara , and Gilbert creep in ... only to find einon comfortably sprawle on the bed . einon what a pleasant surprise . I expect you , knight . but my bride - to - be , as well ? and with a priest to wed we . bowen to bury you , einon . blade out , Bowen charge , stabbing only the bedclothes , as einon whirl off the bed , arrogantly grin . einon well , to bury one of we ! his blade meet Bowen 's in mid-air . and the two engage in fast and furious swordplay . the clanging blade attract two guard outside the chamber . Gilbert and kara intercept they charge as Bowen and einon duel near the fireplace . einon be good . very good . Bowen have teach he well . he duck a slash of einon 's blade and execute a athletic drop-kick against the king that send he careen down the stairwell of the secret passageway . Bowen leap down after he . kara , dispatch she guard , begin to follow Bowen and einon . but Gilbert , the sword not be he weapon , be hard - press and she go to he aid instead . int . einon's castle - cistern - night einon rumble down the stone step and slump lifelessly there . Bowen rush dw on the limp form ... --- and nearly get decapitate , as einon 's eye flick open and he lunge . 103 angere , Bowen attack with a wild sally . einon , confident in he invincibility , cooly deflect the blade and force Bowen back into the cistern . einon practice what you preach , mentor . purpose , not passion , remember ? the jibe only intensify Bowen 's reckless assault . einon nerve cold blue ... taunting , einon nimbly duck a vicious swipe , execute a swift thrust that score a vicious slash across Bowen 's calf . einon «.+. blade blood red . Bowen duck a vicious thrust and nearly lose he balance at the edge of the cistern pool . as he teeter there , einon take a savage swipe , but this time it be Bowen who flip away ... over the water on the other side of the cistern . even einon 's impressed . he bark a laugh . einon still have a few lesson to teach I , mentor ? bowen just one more . einon what , pray , be that ? bowen the last one you father learn . the wound have renw Bowen 's cool vigor . he be calm and hard as he drive einon up into a dark cistern tunnel . all that can be see in the blackness be the blue spark of the clanging blade . ext . einon's castle ~ a stairwell ~- night a cring felton flattensd against a staircase wall . rapid step descend and kara appear , grip she axe , try to decide which way to go . felton , realize he enemy be only a woman , sweep out of the shadow like a spider , he sword at she throat as he leer triumphantly over she shoulder . felton this will put I in good with he majesty . 104 hewe ( 0s ) I doubt it . a quarterstave crash down on he head . the lamp go out in he eye and , as he blade slide harmlessly away from kara , he crumple slack - jaw to the ground . kara wheel to find hewe stand over the collapse felton . kara I be in you debt . hewe I be in yours . you father would be proud . they continue on they seperate way . ext . castle stairway - night einon drive Bowen up a castle stairwell . the knight be hard - press , but hold he own . einon we know each other 's every move . but I be young and faster . bowen I will slow you so you will not get any older . the duellist fight they way up the stair . ext . einon's castle - battlement ~ night kara , axe in hand , whirl onto a battlement through the wreckage of the dragonslayer ' catapult . she turn to get she bearing straight and see a huge shadow loom on the wall behind she , hoist a huge shadow sword .. kara wheel around to confront brok , but she axe be no match for brok 's heavy descend sword . the impact tear the weapon from she hand and send she careen into the dead dragonslayer , jugurtha , still impale on the wall . she snatch the giant axe still cluthced in he dead hand and jerk the heavy shaft with two hand to fend off brok 's blade , but the sword slice right through the shaft . the weight of the axe jerk kara to safety . the blade whizze by she . brok wheel , kara swing the butt of the break axe - pole up against brok 's shield , it crack he under the jaw and throw he off-guard . she twirl the axe , blade up , and thrust it up between brok 's leg . he crumble to the ground , devastate . 105 brok a girl ?... a girl ? kara jerk the axe from the corpse . kara like a pudding . ext . castle gate - night hewe and he marauder descend upon the guard , slay they and open the gate ... only to find a outer gate beyond . also guard . before hewe 's man can cut they down , one sentry blow alarum on a Ram 's horn . ext , castle tower - stairwell - night Bowen and einon ascend the tower step , blade flash furiously . they have hear the alarum . Bowen grin . bowen my rebel be storming you castle . einon pity you will not live to see they fail . einon 's blade nearly slice off a ear . angere , Bowen manuever einon around and proceed to back he up the stair . ext . castle gate - night hewe and he band be beset by einon 's soldier as they struggle with the gate . but suddenly , several guard pitch forward , slain by a rapid volley of arrow fire by ... gilbert ... hewe smile and salute he with a wave . then the gate open and , with wild war shout , the rebel pour in . ext . courtyard - on draco - night odolf , in the courtyard , look to oram on the parapet . both grip they spear in edgy tenseness , reacting to the sound of battle , the fight up the tower , and draco 's writhe agony . his arm glow a throbbing red where Bowen cut einon , ext . tower room - night Bowen and einon burst through the door into a half - crumble tower -room . it be roofless , most of it 's wall destroy , open to the element . its vantage point give we a spectacular view of the whole castle and the country beyond . and draco chain in the courtyard below . 106 they duel over and around building material and scaffold , lock in fierce combat . spark fly from they clanging blade . Bowen press einon hard . bowen ( cold hate ) once you hold this sword in a sacred oath , which you break . now embrace it again . Bowen swipe a wick thrust that einon barely sidestep . Bowen blade crack against a piece of masonry . einon whirl in with no mercy . Bowen toss he break hilt at einon and dive into a clutter of scaffold . einon chop and hack at it send splinter chip fly as he try to finish Bowen off . he laugh in malicious glee , eye glint like a '' madman . einon fool ! you lose before you begin . I be immortal ! Bowen leap up , twirling onto a crossbeam , out and over einon , who spin to cut he down before he land . kara Bowen ! kara have appear on the roof and throw she axe to Bowen , still in mid-air . catch it , he land and catch einon blade on it . einon be jarre back and Bowen send the axe fly . it shriek through the air , just miss einon 's head and bury itself in the heavy wooden shutter of a window in a partially rebuilt wall . still off - balance , einon strike . Bowen leap the thrust and jump onto the low sill to yank he axe free . it will not budge . einon snarl a laugh and lunge . Bowen push off from the sill and , cling to the axe-handle , ride the shutter as it swing out . einon can not stop he momentum and he spill out of the window into space . ext . tower - night - as einon 's body tumble from the window , crash through scaffold , send building material as well as himself careen down on top of and into the cistern in a cacophony of clatter , clutter , and dust . int . cistern - night as einon along with wreckage , plunge beneath the surface of the water . 107 int . tower room - night kara dash to the window , as Bowen cling to he axe-handle on the swinging shutter . both look down . ext . einon's castle - there Pov - cistern - night einon have disappear into the watery depth beneath the wreckage of scaffold and cistern . ext . tower room - window shutter - night Bowen look over at kara . bowen so much for he immortality . but echoing below come draco 's agonized groan ! Bowen call to the dragon , whose pain - wrack body glow red torment . bowen draco ! just then ... the axe give in the shutter ! then unwedge itself and Bowen fall out into space . kara Bowen ! but he do not go far . he have grab hold of a pulley - line that be attach to the tower and be fast spiralling down to the courtyard below ... and draco ! ext . einon's castle - courtyard - night odolf , realize einon 's dead , wheel on the chain dragon and , grin , utter a war-cry and charge with he spear . but he suddenly hear something behind he . it be ... bowen ... riding the pulley~line down and swoop in on odolf from behind . odolf hold up he spear to block the descend axe . but the blade slice through the shaft and bury itself in odolf 's chest . a wail of grief and outrage echoe from ... the battlement ... where oram , have witness he brother 's death , pull he bow string taut . but before he can unleash he arrow , draco 's nostril shoot a spray of flame that engulf the dragonslayer , the impact knock he off the parapet with a agonizing scream , as .. ext . einon be castle - outer wall - oram - night «+ ehis body , a spiralling fireball , plummet down the wall and down the mountain . 108 ext . einon be castle - night Bowen pilfer the key off odolf 's belt and start to unlock the shackle about draco 's neck . draco stretch he neck . draco you should have let they do it . now you must . bowen what ? kara arrive in the courtyard from the tower , overhear draco . draco even as the heart bind einon to I in life , it bind we in death . bowen that be not true . draco you have see that it be . through the heart we share each other 's pain and power . but in my half beat the life source . for einon to die , I must die . bowen ( refuse to believe ) einon be dead ! tell he , kara ! but kara can not . she be uncertain . she know what she 's see . but she also know draco . kara I ...1... do not know ... bowen you see it ! draco he life ! Bowen be desperate . bowen it do not matter ! ngesture to the battle noise ) do not you hear it ? we rebel ... we silly , sorry little band of rebel have storm the castle . alive or dead , einon 's beat . we have win ! 109 draco you will never win until einon 's evil be destroy . and to do that , you must destroy I ! bowen no ! draco once you swore you sword and service be mine . to call when I have need of you . to ask what I would of you . I ask now ! I need now . I hold you to you vow , knight ! suddenly draco 's sixth sense pick up something . he wince in ' pain , hiss breathlessly . draco he 's come ! come to stop you ! Bowen frantically whirl to the wreckage . but there be nothing . no one . draco Strike before it 's too late ! bowen ( tear ) you be the last ! draco my time be over . Strike ! bowen you be my friend ! draco then as my friend , Strike ! please ! bowen I can not ! I can not send you soulless into Hell ! draco ( snarling ) then I will make you ! with a roar , draco lunge at Bowen with he snap fang . Bowen evade the blow . again , draco lash out , try to provoke Bowen , but again the knight dodge the sharp tooth . draco fight back , dragonslayer ! 110 once more , draco dive at he with he flash fang . Bowen leap out of the shackle dragon 's range . rattling he chain wildly , draco shoot a jet of flame at Bowen . kara scream , but Bowen hold ground , as the flamess just miss . draco defend yourself ! Bowen fling the axe to the ground , near the wreckage of the cistern . draco shoot another bolt of fire . this one closer . Bowen recoil . draco pick it up ! his chest heave out ready to spew more fire . kara no ! TI will do it ! she run for the axe . Bowen move to stop she . but someone else stop her , einon !... suddenly leaping up out of the wreckage of the cistern and scaffold . bloody and batter but very much alive ! draco wail in misery . einon grab kara by the arm and whirl she to he , sword blade at she throat . Bowen snatch up the axe and hoist it back , aim at draco . einon move and she die ! stalemate . Bowen freeze ...until ... draco ... viciously sink he fang into he chain claw . but it be einon who feel the fang . in he sword hand . the blade clatter to the stone as he recoil ... and ... bowen ... in that instant realize what he must do . he yank kara from einon 's grasp and , shove she to safety , spin around , back to einon , and raise the axe to strike ... draco ... expose he breast for the blow ; he scale fall back , revealing he scar . but ... einon ... be already pull he knife from he belt to plunge into Bowen 's neck . einon only expose you back to a corpse ! his blade come down , but ... lil the axe ... leave Bowen 's hand and , twirling in the air , bury itself in draco 's scar breast . kara ... stifles a scream as ... draco ... reel . suddenly he old wound shimmer brilliantly . then it fade to dullness once more as draco fall , he grateful eye stare into the anxious face of ... bowen ...his own eye flood with tear , wheeling on ... einon ... who stagger , clutching he chest . his eye fill with stunne disbelief . his mouth agape in a silent scream . as he lunge forward , Bowen , sneering through tear- dimme eye , grab einon 's upraise knife and fold it under , jam the blade into einon 's chest . momentum carry - king 's body over the top of Bowen . bowen you be a corpse . einon flop down beside draco and , with a strangle groan , he eye close . just a brief second before draco 's own dim and close , with one last grateful look at ... bowen ... who see draco smile beatifically as he eyelid flutter down . go to he final rest with serene peace of a saint . Bowen kneel forlornly over draco 's still body . kara join the vigil , oblivious to the ringing shout of victory elsewhere in the castle . hewe , Gilbert , and a vanguard of the rebel rush in and ... see the dragon , they jubiliation be quickly forget . Gilbert join he friend , crossing himself . the other enter in solemn reverence for they dead comrade and they grieve commander . they drift silently in from everywhere , fill the courtyard and the battlement . bowen ( anguish ) what now , Dragon ?! you abandon we alone in we freedom ! without you , what do we do ? where do we turn ...? draco ( vo ) to the star , Bowen . to the star ... the voice be a whisper , warm and reassure . Bowen turn to kara . she 's also hear it . so have Gilbert . all have heard it . none will forget it . Bowen turn back to ... draco ... a eerie , ethereal glow of translucent irridescence ooze out of he wound like a strange , glow mist cover he corpse . then it spread out over the ground . draco 's body dissolves in the mist , become one with it , as the strange glow begin to float upward . past Bowen , kara , and Gilbert , past ... 112 the rebel ... they awed face awash in the ethereal glow as it rise above the castle wall and ... ext . einon's castle ~ sky - night ... out into the night . the light swiftly swirl behind the mountain and suddenly the night become alive with celestial colour ... a aurora borealis of firework flash . then echoing on the air , come draco' dragonsong , sweet , clear , and joyous . ext . courtyard - einon's castle - on bowen - night Bowen gaze heavenward . expectant . wait . smiling . a -strange look on he face . a knowledge in he eye . a perception . Gilbert and kara wonder what he see . if he 's mad with grief . they look from he to ... ext . starry sky - night as the Light behind the mountain spin and concentrate into a shimmer streak , lancing through the darkness . the star suddenly dim , fade from the sky as the strange light shoot across night 's black curtain toward ... the constellation draco ... where the streak of light erupt into a blazing STAR whirling with dazzle splendour into the formation , become the eye of the constellation . the whole constellation sparkles and , for a instant , a profile of draco , loom along the outline of the constellation . but just for a instant , then fade along with draco 's song as the other star return to the heaven . ext . einon's castle ~ courtyard - on bowen - night smiling . kara hug Bowen . Gilbert cross himself . all stare transfix ... ext . starry sky ~ on the constellation - night the new star glitter brilliantly ... more vivid , more lustrous than the other , its ' gleam ray beam out to and down upon ... ext . courtyard - einon's castle - night bowen ... and kara and Gilbert ... they upturn face bath in its glow . a trio of stillness amidst the raucous celebration of they fellow . the camera pull back . up . the noise grow dimmer . and the light that frame they grow more intense . 113 and the camera continue back . gilbert ( vo ) this be the tale of a knight who slew a dragon and vanquish evil . the three look very small now . see from above . as all thing must look from Heaven . all that keep they from blend into the rest of the surging mass be the beam of starshine that fall down upon they . smile upon they . and seem to gleam ever brighter . and brighter . until the dark be sweep away and all be ... exquisite light ! ' fade out . the end 114