" dragonslayer " screenplay by hal barwood and Matthew robbin shoot draft fade in : castle - night now come the moon riding over the horizon . upon a hill at the edge of the wood squat a castle , its crude stonework bath in cold silvery light . queer carving and rune decorate the ponderous gate . heavy vine be climb up the wall . the castle be old , its unfamiliar form testament to a ancient mind and a ancient craft . flicker candle light dance ona lead windowpane . Inside , the corridor be dark and silent . under low arched ceiling the uneven floor be paved with stone block . perched over lintel and crouch in nich be icon with strange animal head . hodge asleep ona straw palette in a room strewn with vegetable and crockery be Hodge , a wrinkle old retainer . a flicker candle and empty jug be beside the bed . he be snore gently . conjuring room this circular chamber at the heart of the castle be stuff with parchment , scroll , dusty book , bronze brazier , glass retort , chemical salt , bird both stuff and cage . a iron candelabra stand on a work table , taper burn . in the soft glow it seem that the room be unoccupy , but no , move in the background be a shadowy figure , prepare for a magical deed . foot be position carefully within a pentagram chisele into the floor . a scroll be consult ; up come a arm and a voice blurt out : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary voice omnia in duo : Duo in unum : unus in nihil : haec nec quattuor nec omnia nec Duo nec unus nec nihil sunt . nothing happen . voice come on , candle , out ! but the little flame stand at attention without so much as a tremble . voice in volunta divina et verbum magi : lux ! exstinguat ! it 's no use . there be a sigh and the figure move forward into the light . revealed in the glow be the discourage face of Galen bradwardyn , sorcerer 's apprentice . tower carry the candelabra , the youth trudge up a circular staircase . turret the high point of the castle be a turret , open to the star and the night air . here , more magic be afoot . a old enchanter , ulrich , magister ipsissimus , pour water from a silver ewer into a stone bowl . as the surface ripple disappear he lean forward and gaze into the pool . all at once he face harden as the distant sound of scream and thunder reach he ear . light and shadow , reflect from within the basin , play across he face . his frown deepen as the sound of he own voice come to he from the vision in the water — draco draconis — suddenly squelch by the roar of flame and a ugly snarl . at that moment Galen reach the top of the step and hold up the candelabra . galen vide , magister . there 's something script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary wrong . ulrich , startle from he trance , slap the water out of the basin and turn to confront he student . Galen be take aback by the old man 's grim countenance . galen what 's the matter ? what 's happen ? ulrich I have just see something . something of consequence to you . galen to I ? ulrich ( calm ) yes . my own death . with a distract gesture he cause the flame to extinguish themselves . ulrich perhaps we have better hasten you training . CUT to : barnyard - day outside the castle wall Hodge be feed the chicken and duck . he straighten up and squint through the early morning mist . on a distant hillock two figure be move toward the wood . ulrich and galen hobbling slowly with the aid of a pair of cane , ulrich guide he pupil across a wooden bridge and along a stream into the forest . ulrich ( stern and troubled ) this wood , this leave , the bird , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the very dome of heaven , once they all ring with one great chord : and philosopher like I keep it all in tune . now , new voice be sing new song . ( sharply ) have you master the threefold transmutation ? galen of course . ulrich ( skeptical ) you have ? galen well , almost . ulrich it 's very difficult . have you commit to memory undy the codex de profundis ? galen ( a shrug ) the first two chapter . ulrich it 's long . and what about the ritual of banishment as prescribe by my late master balisarius ? galen to tell the truth , | have not dare try it . what 's the point , anyway ? ulrich the point ? the point be you do not know it , and you be no magician without it . it be my hope to school you , to mold you faculty and wit ... | still believe you have some talent . somewhere . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary galen | hate book . | hate drill . | want a real task . ulrich there 's no time now . when I be go , half the power in the universe will vanish with I . and what 's the use of a few linger skill if they be leave in the hand of a child ? ( pause ) listen ! galen | do not hear anything . ulrich gauge the young man stand before he and make a decision . reaching under he cloak he lift off a fine silver chain with a amulet dangle from it . he drape it around Galen 's neck . ulrich here , wear this . Galen instinctively wrap he hand around the jewel . he cock a ear . galen voice , sing on the road . he hasten forward to a promontory , eager to have a look . ulrich do not follow . instead , doffing he cloak , he whirl it before he , where it magically float a few foot off the ground . awkwardly , the old man clamber aboard . galen | do not see anything . he turn back , but the wizard be go . a shadow fall over he . he look up . there , two hundred foot above the tree top he master be soar on the wind . airborne the old conjurer squint into the distance . mile away and script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary far below a company of drab walker wind along the margin of the forest . they be sing a mournful round . galen he gawk skyward . suddenly , the old man lean down and address he . ulrich ( a shout ) we have visitor ! CUT to : rotunda - night cluster together in the center of a wide reception hall be a contingent of weary peasant , awkward amidst the dusty rug , drape and heavy furniture . they leader be a finebone youth , not yet twenty . like the other , he be uneasy ; he name be valerian . Hodge enter and set a tray of mead before they . he leave without a word . the visitor stare glumly at the refreshment , but be too timorous to go near it . conjuring room Galen help ulrich prepare for the audience . the sorcerer peer at himself in a full4ength mirror , adjust the hem of a black robe . ulrich look forbid enough , do not you think ? galen here be you stick . ulrich no — they will think I infirm . you know , balisarius wear this whenever he change lead into gold . he could really do that , you know . | never could . too bad — you would stand to inherit some real wealth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary galen you be in a morbid frame of mind . what 's all this about die ? you do not even look sick . ulrich ( tie on a sash ) you still wear that amulet ? ( Galen nod ) good . do not lose it . it still belong to I . he back away from the mirror and fit a silver coronet onto he head . ulrich now , adeptus minor , get yourself a handful of that sulphurous ash over there ... the sorcerer start down a circular stone staircase . the rotunda the visitor watch warily as a door swing open and Galen make he entrance , he face expressionless and hand press together . he look rather young to be the famous ulrich . Galen allow a moment to go by , then throw he arm wide . ka-whump ! and ulrich appear in the doorway in a smoky fireball . alarm , the visitor retreat . ulrich nunc habeus lux ! pffst ! around the room candle flare in they nich . ulrich et calor ! in the fireplace , the birch log be suddenly ablaze . ulrich totter to the hearth and extend long bony finger toward the warmth . ulrich script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary welcome to cragganmore . | be ulrich . which one of you call himself valerian ? the traveler be suitably dazzle by the magician 's performance . the young leader of the party screw up he courage and speak . valerian that would be I . we be here on behalf ... ulrich | know why you be here . you be a delegation from urland , from beyond dalvatia . let 's see the artifact . the traveler exchange nervous glance . valerian motion to one of he companion . the man step forward and hand over a leather pouch . one by one , valerian place the content on the table for ulrich 's inspection . valerian a bone . scorch . a rock , fire - blacken . ( pause ) scale . at this , ulrich advance and closely examine three shimmer irridescent disk as big as saucer . ulrich all right . how do you come by this ? valerian ( proudly ) | find they . at the mouth of the lair . ulrich ( grim ) what else ? valerian reach under he jerkin and withdraw what appear to be a curve sword . he jab it into the table . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary valerian a claw . ulrich that 's no claw . it 's a tooth . by the god ! he run a finger along a serrate edge and gaze bleakly at he visitor . ulrich and you want I to do battle with that ? valerian have lose all trace of timidity . valerian who else can we turn to ? we all know what we be deal with here . this be a basilicok . ( he take a step forward ) a cockatrice . ( another step , bolder ) a dragon . ( he lean close to ulrich ) this be no stag , no bear , no natural creature . this be one of you kind . and only a necromancer such as yourself can rid we of it . ulrich do you try the meredydd sister ? what about rinbod ? I have hear it say he kill a dragon once . valerian they be all dead . you be the only one leave . with a sigh , ulrich lower himself into a chair . he rub he withere leg and shake he head . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ulrich it 's a long way to urland . valerian every quarter , upon the solstice and the equinox there 's a new victim . greil , a grizzle peasant , speak up . greil my daughter , for one . other traveler my sister ... cousin ... ulrich all woman ? valerian Girls . virgin , to be exact , choose by lot . Galen edge over to the table and inspect the scale and tooth . galen master , do not you think — ulrich silence ! he brood for a long time . valerian be you afraid of dragon ? ulrich no. sorcerer and dragon go backa long long time together . if it be not for sorcerer , there would not be any dragon . ( pause ) all right . I will go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary CUT to : courtyard - day the traveler be make ready for departure in the grey light of dawn . as Hodge stuff provision into a wicker box , ulrich wrap pad on a newly fashioned pair of crutch . ulrich | know of this dragon . vermithrax pejorative : she 's four hundred year old . as far as | can tell she 's the last of she kind . very appropriate that I be the one to finish she off , do not you think ? ( he try out the crutch ) there . flatten the high mountain . what say you , Galen ? ( no answer ) speak up . ( still no answer ) you , Hodge . Hodge mutter something inaudible and grimly keep pack . ulrich ( to Galen ) while I be go see you keep you nose in you book and you hand out of my reagent . leave my instrument alone too . Galen crouch against the castle wall ; he regards he master sullenly . galen look at yourself . how far will you get like that ? a league , two league ? ulrich I be not worried about the road . galen ( sarcastic ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary why do not you wave you hand around and summon up a coach - and -four ? ulrich do not mock I . Galen get up and call out to the urlander . galen you pilgrim : you be use to lottery . why not draw straw to see who will be first to carry ironshank here . this be too much for Hodge . hodge hold you tongue . if the master 's get a mind to go , he will go . Galen approach the old sorcerer . galen send I . you be always say | need season . | need a test . let I go . ulrich you be not ready . galen I be ready for anything . ulrich ( want smile ) do not be so hasty . you time will come . the walker be ready to set forth . Hodge pick up he pack , step forward and pull open the great gate . horsemen Three mount man be outside the gate , helmet on they head , sword on the belt and longbow across they shoulder . they look formidable . the urlander take a step script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary backward . valerian tyrian !? tyrian be a lean , heavily bearded nobleman . there be a coat of arm on the shield strapped to the pommel of he saddle . tyrian ( amiable ) good morning , all . valerian we be not afraid of you . give we the road . tyrian why , the road be yours . all the way to urland . it 's a long journey , be not it ? but when you be in search of a sorcerer , | suppose no distance be too great . sense trouble , Galen move forward . ulrich touch he arm . ulrich ( under he breath ) say nothing . Galen hear the urgency in the old man 's voice and obey . Hodge take it upon himself to deal with the stranger . hodge what do you want with we ? tyrian well , like my good friend here , I have come for a bit of black magic . no doubt you have hear of we trouble at home . this be cragganmore , be it not ? hodge aye , this be the place of ulrich . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary tyrian dismount and saunter up to the old magician . tyrian and here we have the mystical presence himself , no ? hodge you would best keep you distance — and you manners . tyrian if he 's ready to lay a dragon in its grave , he 's get nothing to fear from I . ( turn to the urlander ) I have no more love for that creature than you lot . nor have the King . but , before you stir thing up , do not you think ita good idea to see you have get the right man for the job ? hodge aha - it 's a test you be look for . we do not do test . tyrian I be sure you do not . they never do test - and not many real deed either . oh , conversation with you grandmother 's shade in a darken room , the odd love potion or two ... but come a doubter , well then , it 's the wrong day , the planet be not align , the entrail be not favorable , we do not do test . valerian we have get no doubt . we require no test . hodge and you be not go to get one . when ulrich finally speak , he voice be low and script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary authoritative . ulrich ( to Galen ) go to the conjure room . the iron box . fetch I the dagger within . Galen 's eye widen with alarm . ulrich the dagger . be quick . Galen dash into the castle . ulrich gaze almost shyly at tyrian . ulrich you shall have you test . conjuring room Galen come puffing up the step , locate the iron box , and fling it open . amidst the tawdry paraphernalia of a professional magician be a ivory - handle dagger cover with runic inscription . Galen eagerly examine it to see how the blade might twist aside or collapse into the handle , but it be all too genuine . a murder weapon . ulrich voice ( impatient ) where be you , boy ? I be wait . Galen throw open a window and look down into the courtyard . he display the dagger . galen not this one , be it ? ulrich the very one . let it fall . Galen hesitates , then toss it . tumble end over end , it arc downward . the old conjurer calmly stretch out a hand and pluck it neatly out of the air . Galen watch as ulrich pass the weapon to tyrian and strip back he robe expose a bony chest . Galen know what 's come . he rush for the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary door . he 's only a step away when it bang shut of its own accord . he sprint for a second exit . whack ! this door slam shut too . lock in . Quick , back to the window and climb down the vine ... smack ! the heavy shutter seal he in . ulrich and tyrian ulrich take tyrian 's arm and guide the point of the dagger to he breastbone . ulrich vita regula , vita hieratica ! everyone be fill with dread . Hodge be shaking . from the castle come the rattling of shutter and Galen 's muffle cry . a sick sarcastic smile have creep over tyrian 's lip . he tense himself to thrust . ulrich go on . do not worry , you can not hurt I . conjuring room Galen stop hammer and press he face to a crack in the shutter . below he can see the participant in this grisly drama . he hold he breath . tyrian make a sudden movement and bury the blade in ulrich 's chest . but the sorcerer stand unbent , seemingly unhurt . then , after a long moment , he slowly sag forward over the dagger and the hand that hold it . tyrian shrink back and allow the body to fall in a heap . very quickly he remount . in another moment he and he companion be go . the other be rivete in horror . Hodge sink to he knee and wail he grief . Galen turn away from the window and gaze blankly into the gloomy conjure room . click ! the door unlatch themselves and swing open . CUT to : funeral pyre - day ulrich , principal magician and sorcerer of the western world , reposis ona hardwood pyre . his hand be fold on he chest . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary his face be peaceful . while the visitor wordlessly look on , Galen touch a burn brand to the kindling . at first the fire catch normally enough , but when the flame start to envelop the body they suddenly turn pale green , produce a unearthly roar . the onlooker back away from the intense heat . galen the erstwhile apprentice stand he ground , blink back tear , he face weirdly illuminate by the fire . CUT to : conjuring room - day Galen sit alone amidst the museum4ike collection of magical apparatus . he stare at the amulet , consider its significance . his reverie be interrupt by the murmur of voice below . at the window he look down to see Hodge bid farewell to the delegation from urland . valerian be the last to leave . he pause at the gate and glance up at Galen . then he move on . the young student of magic set he jaw , suddenly fill with resolve . move through the room , he busy himself with the old man 's effect . he scoops up the loose book and parchment and lock they into trunk . he drape muslin cloth over the alchemical device . he sow a handful of salt over the pentagram inscribe in the floor . finally , he open the cage and release the crow , the falcon , and the great horn owl . courtyard Hodge be up on the burn out funeral pyre , anxiously scraping ash and small bone into a leather pouch — the remain of ulrich . up behind he come Galen , now clad in a traveler 's cloak , with a pack on he back and a staff in he hand . galen Hodge — what be you do ? Hodge quickly conceal the pouch . hodge script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary just make my farewell , thank you very much . he quickly climb down , pick up he pack and follow Galen out through the gate . as the door be push shut a huge oaken timber fall into place , barring the castle against the uninvite . CUT to : hilltop - day Galen and Hodge labor to the crest of a grassy hill and turn to look back across a wide valley . there on another hilltop on the far side sit cragganmore , light by the red ray of the set sun . Galen remove the amulet from he neck and clutches it in he fist . Hodge be bug -ey to see it . hodge be careful with that ! you do not know what you be do . galen stand back ! he raise he hand toward the castle and call out : galen cragganmore ! domus noni be ! silva celet ! cragganmore the vine on the castle wall begin to twitch and stretch , magically bring to animate life . they flow upward over the masonry , branching out and cover every surface , then up onto the roof . finally only the top of the chimney and the high turret stand above the green carpet . a century 's growth in a matter of second . galen & hodge on they hilltop the old retainer give the youth a fearful look . Galen be too flushed with excitement over what he have do to notice . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dissolve : forest path - day Galen and Hodge trudge along a overgrown cart - track under a arch of tree . hodge oh , it 's a vale of tear in which we dwell . it do not matter who you be , a king in he robe , a peasant in he rag , when you time come , no magic can save you ... galen I guess ... the apprentice 's mind be elsewhere : he 's get a coin hover in mid-air above he palm , bob gently as he walk . hodge .. the kindest lord a man could ask for ... now he 's go . ye god he be fussy about he bath . and you would think he could boil he own egg with the snap of a finger , but no , he have old Hodge do it , of course . ( snurfling ) up before five | be , muck out the cage , slopping the pig , and never once get so much as a thankyou or a pat on the back ... ( through tear ) I be go to miss he . galen I too ... he pluck a low-hanging leaf , wave a hand over it , and watch it turn into a spray of daffodil . hodge no you do not . all you care about be the trick and knavery . well , you script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary do not pull any wool over this old eye . it will be a mighty long walk before you fill he shoe , you mark my word . galen what 's the matter , Hodge , pack too heavy ? here . he give the pack a slap . it fly out of its harness and float alongside they . Hodge snatch it back and clutches it tightly . hodge careful with that ! galen too cold , be it ? a great coat drape itself over Hodge 's shoulder . hodge stop it ! galen too warm ? the greatcoat disappear , as do the rest of he garment , leave he in he small . hodge ( spluttering ) stop it , |say ! out of respect for the master ! suppress a grin , Galen mercifully wave he hand and restore Hodge to he usual costume . galen I have get as much respect for the master as anyone , old man . but — then again , I be master now . CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary traveler ' camp - night the urlander be gather around a fire , share a meager supper . the man name greil poke at the stew - pot . greil I leave my farm with seed unplant , calve unborn , nothing but a wife to chase down the stray , and for what ? a funeral , that 's what . he walk up and down behind valerian . greil because some people say , find a magician . not just a local fellow , a import , a good forty league from home . a all - powerful necromancer . ha — some necromancer ! malkin , a older man , speak up . malkin hold you tongue , greil . sit. eat . greil I will not sit . I will not eat . see you the great bear . his tail point east . it 's the equinox . have you forget ? or rather not think about it ? valerian ( miserable ) he 's right . | bring we here for nothing . May the god help whoever 's daughter it be tonight . there be a noise from the darkness beyond the campfire . two of the man get to they foot and listen . at first silence , then more rustling . without a word the two man dart into the bush and haul two interloper before the company : Galen and Hodge . hodge good morrow , good morrow . peace be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary with you . galen easy now . we mean no harm . we have be look for you . greil ( growl ) well , you have find we . galen ( brush himself off ) more the other way around , I would say . valerian what do you want ? galen a few word , that 's all . you be look for a conjurer . valerian he 's dead . galen right . requiscat in pace . ( he take a deep breath ) ecce : magister novus ! greil how say you ? Galen survey the puzzle face . he draw himself up and plunge in : galen my lord ulrich be no longer . all that you ask of he , you may now expect of I . the danger he would face , | will now conquer . the task he would undertake | will now fulfill . lam Galen bradwardyn , inheritor of ulrich 's craft and knowledge , and | be the sorcerer you seek . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary there be a moment of depressed silence . Hodge roll he eye . greil start to chuckle , then to laugh . soon the other be laugh too . greil well , that 's a handsome think , o wizard of wizard . but if there 's one thing we friend tyrian have show we , it 's to beware the pig in the poke . who 's get a dagger ? hodge no test !! greil call it proof , then . someone bring out a dagger and hand it to greil . valerian push it away . valerian we have see enough test . but greil persist , wave the knife at the group . greil well | have not . all I have see be death . death in we family , death on the road , and tonight , death at home . he lash out with the knife . Galen jump back , but valerian step in , deliver a quick kick to greil 's gut , follow by a right to the jaw that send the bigger man sprawling . he take the knife . valerian what 's come over you , anyway ? have you lose you wit ? he propel Galen out of harm 's way and sit he down on the other side of the fire . greil nurse he jaw . greil | do not like it . Young snot - nose script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary come in here for sport at we expense . we be on a fool 's errand , but we do not have to listen to this . | do not want to hear any more about sorcery . | do not want to hear any more about spell . valerian hand Galen a plate of food . valerian you must be hungry . galen ( nod ) what 's the matter with he ? valerian it 's not just he . it 's all of we . it 's the equinox . they both look up at the moon . CUT to : dragon country - night the moon shine down on the far reach of the Kingdom of urland , coldly lighting a barren landscape fill with the skeleton of dead tree , blacken rock and bare ground . advance across this mournful terrain be a troop of armed man lead a blindfolded horse and tumbril . the horse be skittish . finally , in spite of shout and lashing , it refuse to go further . the leader , horsrik , bark out a order : horsrik Close enough ! bring she out ! a young woman , no more than seventeen , be bring forth from the cart . Long black hair fall down over a white tunic . her dark eye dart fearfully around in she pale face . she be half - carry , half drag to the edge of a steaming crack in the ground where she be manacle to a wooden post . by lantern4ight , horsrik read from a parchment scroll . horsrik script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary now be it know throughout the kingdom , that this maiden , have lawfully be choose by a deed of fortune and destiny , shall hereby give up she life for the great good of urland . there be a low rumble ; the earth shake . horsrik glance nervously around . he carry on by rote . horsrik by this act shall be satisfied the power that dwell underground and the spirit that attend thereto . in gratitude for this sacrifice his majesty have declare the family — what 's the name ? — he prod the girl , but she be too terrify to speak . beneath they , the earth seem to groan . smoke issue from the mouth of the pit . one of the nervous witness lean forward . retainer plowman ! the family plowman ! horsrik ( rush it ) — the family plowman to be free of obligation , taxation , levy and impost for a period not to exceed five year ... the horse suddenly rear , and blindfold notwithstand , gallop off , drag the tumbril over the rock . the man behind horsrik break rank and scatter . horsrik — ordain and sign this day , etc. , casiodorus , in he glory the reign king of this we realm ... he seal , he mark , duly read by chancellor horsrik in he holy name . now horsrik join the flight , chase he man back over the murky horizon . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the girl she strain against she manacle , cock she head to listen as the rumbling below subside . presently the steam and smoke blow away and she can see the horse paw and stamp a hundred yard distant , the wheel of the cart jamme between rock . summon up a wild will to live , she squeeze she hand against the cold iron ring . no use . she spit on she wrist and twist desperately . blood start . one hand slip free . she look at the horse . the animal toss off its blindfold and look back at she . now she strain again and pull she other hand free . she wipe the blood on she frock and sprint toward the horse . but she do not get there . the earth abruptly shift from under she foot , tumble she among crack and steaming rock . when she raise she head a huge shadow have fall over the horse . there be a piteous whinny , then a roar . the girl 's face be suddenly light by flame . she scramble to she foot and rush back the other way . the chase the girl have not take a dozen step when something huge hurtle forward and block she way . something scaly and glitter . she whirl and stumble off in a new direction . this time she 's cut off by a monstrous claw tip with rapier - like talon . she scream and crawl away . another claw prevent she escape . the creature membranous wing fold down against the night sky . up come the silhouette of a reptilian head sway on a serpentine neck . there 's a angry hiss . a sheet of flame envelop everything . fade out : fade in : forest - day tyrian kneel beside a mountain waterfall , have a drink while he man hover in the background . one of they point down the slope . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary man there . | see they . tyrian wipe he mouth unhurriedly and stroll over to look . Far below , half hide by tree , the little company of urlander wind its way through the forest . a frown creep over tyrian 's face . tyrian who 's that old man ? man where ? which one ? tyrian that one . that 's the man from cragganmore . now what 's he do here ? man fill in for the chief , | reckon . tyrian ( weary ) what a pity . CUT to : hodge Hodge march along with the rest . when he 's sure no one else be look he burrow into he garment and bring out the leather pouch contain ulrich 's ash . reassured that it 's still with he , he tuck it away again . Galen fall into step . galen what have you get there ? hodge none of you business . galen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary a little gold , eh ? what do you say | change it into lead ? hodge save you joke for someone else . I , | do not care for braggart . they pass valerian , who have drop out of line . hodge and | do not care for fraud . galen I be no fraud . hodge call it fool then . upstart . whatever please you . galen Hodge , nobody force you to come along . hodge oh , I be here of my own free will , all right . we each do the master 's bid in we own way . galen well , if he tell you | need wetnurse , why do not you just turn yourself around and go back home . Hodge snort and fuss with he pack . hodge Home , be it ? you have see to that , have not you ? go to seed , I would say ... he glance over and discover Galen miss . galen he walk back along the trail , look for valerian . pretty soon the rest of the traveler be out of sight . he hear script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the sound of a splash . he turn off the trail and push through some shrubbery . forest pool under the oak and hickory , a forest stream have widen into a quiet pool . a pile of clothes lie on a rock at the edge . out in the middle , valerian be tread water . galen you be too far behind we . come on out . valerian you go ahead , I will catch up . galen not a good idea to get separate . let 's go . valerian right . I will be along . Galen lean over and splashes some water on he face . feel good . he shuck he pack and start to throw off he clothes . valerian do not like it . valerian that 's all right . do not come in . but Galen be now naked and walk into the water . he swim out toward valerian . valerian ( edgy ) you better get back to the group , they be probably worried . Galen keep swim . valerian | prefer to swim alone , if you do not mind . but Galen have slip beneath the surface ; he do not hear . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary underwater Galen work he way through the murky green underwater world . suddenly , he stop short and stare . he 's only a few foot from valerian 's dangle leg . he gasp in surprise . valerian be no boy . on the surface Galen come shoot to the surface , cough and sputtering . galen by the god ! valerian be pale and frighten . valerian stay away . she propel herself backward , then turn and swim for shore . on the shore Galen and valerian have take refuge behind separate bush . briskly they pull on they clothes . valerian I suppose you will tell everyone . go ahead , | do not care . it 's a relief . galen I be not go to say anything . valerian | do not blame you . | be stupid . careless . a silly woman ! galen ( feeble bluff ) take it easy . | know the moment | see you . I have know the whole time . valerian you never know a thing . no one know . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary not since | be bear . go on , run off and tell they . it will make a great story . galen do not worry . no one 's go to find out . just tell I : why ? valerian ask my father . they finish dress in silence . finally : galen the lottery ! daughter be choose , but son be not ! valerian that 's right . unless you have plenty of gold or property . galen what do you mean ? valerian if you be rich enough , you name never go in . ( bitter ) my father be poor . so be a lot of father . he study she . she jam a hat down over she head and , once more the young man , stalk off . the vision Galen walk down to the edge of the pool to retrieve he pack . as he lean over he catch sight of what appear to be a reflection in the water : tyrian on horseback . he whip around , but no one be behind he . riveted by the vision , he hurry along the bank to follow it . after a few pace the blurry figure dismount , unsling a longbow , nock a arrow and draw the string taut . galen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( horrify ) no ! forest Galen sprint through the tree . up ahead be valerian , walk resolutely . galen no ! she glance back at he and grimly keep on walk . Galen shoot past she and on into the forest . galen Hodge ! traveler Galen race up the trail round a bend and see the urlander come toward he . Hodge precede the group with a unsteady gait . he see Galen , raise up he arm and flop face down on the trail . a long arrow protrude from he back . Galen kneel beside he . the uneasy company keep its distance . Hodge struggle to speak . hodge Galen ? can you hear I ? galen | hear you . hodge you know , somebody shot I , but | can still talk . there 's something that have to be do . galen | know . hodge not that cockatrice . ulrich 's ash . here . Hodge 's hand come out from under he coat grip the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary leather pouch . Galen tug at it , but Hodge can not let go . hodge take it . sorry , you will have to peel it loose . Galen pries the sack out of Hodge 's clench finger . suddenly the hand come up , grab Galen by the hair , and pull he near . hodge ( a croak ) .. burn water ... find the lake , throw it in ... galen ( hold up the pouch ) what be you do with this , Hodge ? hodge .. burn water ... he die . Galen frees himself from he grasp . galen Hodge , do not die . listen to I . you be not go to die . Galen be frantic . he pull out the amulet and wrap he hand around it . galen excede , mortem ! revoca , vitam ! ( he shake the body ) excede , mortem ! revoca , vitam ! but Hodge have pass on , and Galen 's magic have no way to reach he . suddenly the youth cry out in pain . he drop the amulet and look at he palm . the device have burn he flesh . now he become aware of troubled urlander look over he shoulder , witness to he failure . CUT to : lake - day script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary wind whip the leaden wave top ona vast rainy lake . the traveler be row across in a open longboat , aid by a tatter lateen sail . valerian man the steering oar at the stern while Galen brood in the bow . he feel like a imposter in they eye . fjord the boat pull into a long narrow waterway with granite cliff on either side . move through swirl of fog , they beach the boat and step out onto a craggy shore . greil lean over and kiss a rock . greil urland ! CUT to : dragon country - day the traveler descend a mountain pass and emerge through a wrack of cloud into a gray and cheerless region . Fire - blacken tree dot the barren landscape . as they reach the flatland , the urlander instinctively pick up the pace . Galen slow to inspect the weird surroundings . valerian trot past he . valerian come on . do not dawdle here . Galen fall into step with she . galen the whole kingdom like this ? valerian no . we be near the lair . keep move . Galen look around with new interest . galen where ? valerian script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary over there . do not matter . we be in no danger if we just pass through quickly . Galen stop . High on the slope beside they be a gape fissure . galen I see it . let 's have a look . valerian no ! but Galen be already toil up the incline . valerian greil ! malkin ! help ! the traveler turn to see what 's the matter . the lair Galen approach the lair , pause beside a wooden post with iron manacle dangle from it . he finger they thoughtfully . malkin , greil and valerian rush up behind he , they face draw with worry . greil look , you do not have to do this . we know you be a fine young magician . none better . there 's no need to prove it to we . galen be there other entrance ? valerian no . one 's enough . greil come on . the road 's this way . we will tell everybody how close you get . galen ( coolly ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary no smoke . how do you know it 's in there ? greil do not be a fool . come away now and live to tell about it . instead , Galen start into the crack . greil and malkin hasten away , but valerian linger , watch in mount frustration as Galen probe further and further into the lair . she pick up a fistful of stone and throw they at he . valerian go ahead ! you be go to die ! what a fine trick that will be ! but Galen be lose in the gloom . she flee . underground Galen put he hand on the rugge wall : the rock be hot to the touch . something glint on the floor catch Galen 's eye : a irridescent disk , a dragon scale . lot flash the color of the rainbow as Galen examine it . all at once the ground shudder ; chunks of rock fall from the ceiling . a pall of smoke billow up from the depth . outside Galen stagger out of the fissure cough and gag ina swirl of smoke . there be no sign of the urlander . he throw down he pack , climb onto a huge boulder and survey the massive cliff rise behind the lair . he grasp the amulet and close he eye . galen now , great mountain , hear my command : terrae lapsus consignet latibulum draconis ! evanescat latibulum draconis ! landslide with a thunderous split sound , the entire top of the cliff pitch forward and topple onto the lower half of the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mountain , sweeping ton of debris into the air . boulder the size of house bound down the mountain toward the magician . eye wide with awe , he turn and run for he life . even as he careen down the slope , chunks of rock rumble past . one catch he at the knee and send he fly . he cover he head and join the landslide . finally the dust lift and he find himself in a gully face to face with the cower urlander . they look with real fear at the man who just conjure up the apocalypse . tatter and tear , cover with dirt , Galen climb up out of the shelter for a look at he handiwork . landscape the territory have be drastically transformed : the dragon 's lair be now bury beneath hundred of ton of break granite . the urlander look upon the new landscape with stupefaction . Galen grin a triumphant splittip grin that fail to win they over . presently they back away and run off down the trail , valerian in they midst . Galen 's grin fade . CUT to : village - day the Village of swanscombe be little more than a rough and ready collection of thatched hut and mud-daube outbuilding surround by cultivate field . dog sleep in open door - way ; chicken peck around the communal well — but there be no people in evidence as valerian and she company troop into town . valerian she trot across the square and enter a desert blacksmith shop . valerian Father ? hello ? she go over to the forge . hot coal be burn . she become aware of a sound — voice — chant . square script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she walk across the square toward the voice . she be join by greil , malkin and the other traveler , all of they puzzle by the desolation . as they approach the grange hall the voice grow louder . they seem to be sing . the main door open briefly and three villager scamper out , drip wet and wrap in white muslin . valerian and she companion look at each other in astonishment . in the grange hall in a wooden cistern in the middle of the hall a woman be be hold under water . after a few moment she be pull to the surface by a tall red-haire man with long bony finger : brother jacopus januensis , a carthusian monk . there 's a wooden cross on he chest and a mad look in he eye . gather around he be the miss villager , every man woman and child , here to be baptise and sing a few newlytearned hymn in praise of we Lord Jesus Christ . brother jacopus now be you cleanse of you sin ! now be you bear again , purify in spirit , into the fellowship of Jesus Christ ! the traveler enter and mingle with the congregation . valerian scan the crowd until she locate she father , Simon , a bald sturdy journeyman . he 's overjoy at she return and give she a hearty embrace . simon welcome back , my son . valerian Father , what be you do ? have you all lose you mind ? simon some have . he point to the monk , who be dunking a scream infant and carry on about the Bishop of Rome . simon script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary it 's this monk . he can read and write , and talk too , I be afraid . valerian and they listen ? simon shh ! they think this a holy place , a tabernacle . valerian this be the granary . what kind of welcome be this ? I have get news of the sorcerer and news of the dragon . simon you be brave to go , you and you friend . but nobody care . listen — he know what they want to hear . monk brother jacopus stride back and forth before the assembly in a inspire state . brother jacopus the man who walk with Christ be not a man to fear a dragon : yea , though | walk through the valley of the shadow of death | will fear no evil ! you say you be prey upon by a foul beast . yes , but what be the nature of this beast ? it come to you on bat 's wing and claw foot , do it not ? it breathes fire , do it not ? and it life under ground . this be no dragon . this be lucifer ! voice whoever it be , he 's dead . this be Galen , who have just step into the hall , tatter , bedraggle and triumphant . brother jacopus script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary nay , brother ! it be not as easy as that . allegiance to Christ , to be sure , but also prayer and confession . this be the arm by which Satan may be put down . galen you be talk about superstition , friend . none of that have anything to do with what I , Galen , have already achieve . he march to the center of the gather . simon ( to valerian ) you bring this stranger ? valerian ulrich 's apprentice . he 's a braggart , but it do not matter . galen people of urland ! send a messenger to the king . vermithrax be dead . crushed by the power of the moon and the star ! laid low by ancient wisdom . dropped into the abyss by mystical practice . brother jacopus speak like a pagan . every word as reprobate as it be false ! ( hold up he cross ) solum in hoc signo vince ! galen nihil plus mysterium ! he gesture boldly and a fireball crackle at the monk 's foot . the holy man scurries back . a hush fall upon the congregation . CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dragon country - day a procession of curious villager wind its way into the badland . they gather on a promontory overlook the dragon 's lair . they stand there for a long time , a chill wind whipping they garment , try to understand what 's happen . the monk be mightily displease . brother jacopus praise God ! bless be he that be humble before the Lord ! valerian you god have nothing to do with it . indeed , Galen 's act be already the stuff of legend : malkin we see it with we own eye . he fly to the mountain top . he be a bird . he bring forth lightning . | see it . some of the young villager scamper forward to the spot where the cave have its open . with yell and whoops they beat the ground with club . in the crowd Simon begin to smile , then to laugh . soon he lead the villager in a tumultuous cheer . brother jacopus and some of he convert drop to they knee and pray . CUT to : celebration the inhabitant of swanscombe have deck out the town square and be make a night of it . by torchlight they dance merrily to jig and reel provide by the local fiddler . ale flow freely from oak cask . valerian' house valerian be kneel before a trunk full of woman 's clothing . she pull out a long simple frock , go to a crude mirror , and hold it up against she body to gauge the effect . her father come up behind she . he be angry and frighten . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary simon put that away . what if you be see ? valerian I be go to be see . | want to be see . tonight the world find out that you never have a son . simon no , you must not do that . it 's too soon . we have get to think about this , we have get to make a plan . valerian Father : the danger be over . he sit on the bed and put he head in he hand . simon | know . what be I go to say to my friend who still mourn for they lose girl . valerian you will say you do what you have to . this be a time for celebration — and forgiveness . he look up at she , try to imagine what it 's go to be like have a daughter . celebration Galen be surround by a crowd of wide - eye kid and nota few adult , entertaining they by pull duck 's egg out of they ear and cause coin to disappear . presently he feel the attention of he audience shift away to someone stand behind he . he turn to find a shy but determine valerian sweetly deck out in she blue frock . a buzz go through the crowd . valerian blushes and waver : she seem ready to bolt for home . but Galen take she by the hand , and with conspicuous politesse lead she to the dance . dance script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary it 's forward , back and around sixth - century style : the young sorcerer can not take he eye off he partner . but she 's too shy to return he gaze . galen look like you have be up to a little sorcery yourself . valerian do not know what to say . galen or be it witchcraft ? she still do not reply . it 's all she can do to keep on dance . galen what 's the matter ? a real woman never stop talk . valerian | think it be much easier be a boy . simon & greil they stand on the sideline , watch the young couple step to the music . simon the damnedest thing be , she be twice the man of anyone else in the village . now she 's twice the woman . greil ( grim ) would that | have be as clever as she father . simon come now , greil . do not begrudge a life spare . greil script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary | begrudge nothing . but | wonder at what we have see and how it be do . simon you be there . greil | see what | see . but this jack - anape be barely ready to carry he master 's chamberpot . be not it strange that at the very moment the beast be put down we should have a holy man here in the village ? simon you do not believe that superstitious Christian rot , do you ? greil ( defensive ) it be say God work he wonder in mysterious way . celebration while the proud Simon dance in the background with he daughter , a group of tipsy villager cluster around Galen , belching forth a drink song . the young magician raise he own mug and join in on the chorus . abruptly the music stop . the sing die away . the ensue silence be break by the sound of gallop hoof . presently three horseman appear at the end of town : tyrian and he henchmen . they guide they horse forward into the midst of the merry - maker . tyrian dismount and look around in he usual friendly way . tyrian a celebration ! do not stop on my account . you — musician , more music ! the musician leave they instrument in they lap . tyrian draw himself a measure of ale and raise it above he head . tyrian a toast ! to the deed of the day ! you script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary see , good news travel fast . the King himself have already hear it . and like yourselves , tonight he 's overcome with joy . malkin what would you have of we then ? tyrian not a thing . it 's this one . ( he gesture toward Galen ) the King would meet we new benefactor and offer he gratitude to the man who succeed where so many have fail . galen ( sober up ) what sort of gratitude ? a knife in the belly ? a arrow in the back ? tyrian 's smile freeze on he face . he step in front of Galen , tower over he . tyrian my young friend , I would as soon dispatch you as | do the other , and for the same reason . but he majesty would like a cozy chat , and command otherwise . valerian do not go , Galen . cast a spell and turn they into toad . it should be easy ; that 's what they be . tyrian regards she coolly , take in she change of costume and its meaning . tyrian well , well : still plenty of cheek under that skirt , it seem . have bury the dragon under a mountain , Galen decide script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he 's not worried about a appearance at court . he smile at valerian . galen do not worry . I will be back . CUT to : rider Three horse gallop through the moor and fen of central urland . Galen be tuck up behind tyrian . on the distant horizon , the battlement of the King 's castle glow in the slant light of a new day . CUT to : throne room - day within the castle be a great hall with shaft of daylight poke in through narrow window set high in the wall . in the middle of the room stand a carve oak throne . there be casiodorus rex , King of urland , a bearded man in he fifty , as spare and somber as the room in which he sit . he be flanke by a few servant , assort courtier and tyrian . stand before they all be Galen , look unhappy . he pour a pitcher full of water into a small glaze goblet . galen one of the best thing about the water here in urland be that there 's so much of it — look at that ! Water continue to pour into the goblet without overflow . Galen take a sip . galen mmm. good . but not cold enough . perhaps | could borrow a scarf from he majesty . the King make no sign . Galen approach stiffly , take a scarf and retreat . galen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary I cover the goblet , so ... remove , so ... and behold : winter in a mug ! and he 's do it : he turn the goblet over and a small chunk of ice hit the floor . the royal reaction be equally frosty . Galen be bombing , and he know it . galen all right . how many of you have ever see a table fly ? he mutter a incantation . in the audience , tyrian note that Galen have he hand wrap around the amulet . there be a loud clatter as the heavy oak table before the throne begin to jitter and buck . as the wine spill and plate go fly , the King wearily raise a hand . king enough ! that 's fine . galen wait , it will rise now . king do not bother . not necessary . the table crack in half and dump a mess of fruit and crockery at the onlooker ' foot . king tell I : the landslide — it be accomplish this same way ? galen yes . king I see . and have render such unique service to we kingdom , what would you claim as a reward ? galen please — no payment . | have always find magical practice to be its own reward . | seek only some yet great script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary challenge . this handsome sentiment do not go over any better than he trick . king do you ever hear of King gaiseric ? of course not , you be not even bear . he be my brother , a great King and a valiant man-at -arm . when he ascend to the throne , the dragon be unbridle . no one know where it might strike next . so he bring forth he broadsword and he spear , assemble a company of he best fighter and go out to do battle . ( pause ) he be never see again . but he attack provoke the most terrible reprisal : whole village incinerate , entire crop burn . death , famine , horrible . the King grimace as the memory come flooding back . king ( quietly ) how do you arrogate to yourself the role of savior ? galen | be invite . king not by I . do you ever consider the consequence of failure ? galen what failure ? what 's the matter with you people ? you want the dragon back ? king then the beast be dead ? galen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary yes , of course . Dead . king we shall see . CUT to : dungeon two guard thrust Galen into a narrow cell and slam the bar door shut . the young sorcerer wait until they be safely out of sight , then take out he amulet . he ponder it for a doubtful moment . suddenly a glove hand dart in and whip it off he neck and out through the bar . tyrian thank you . he make a ironic salute and leave . Galen sit down heavily and stare at the stone wall . corridor unseen by Galen , a figure clad in silk and lace skitter down a murky dungeon hallway and peer around a corner . stealing a look at Galen be the princess elspeth , a fey beauty in she early twenty . after a moment , spook by some imagine noise , she flit away . CUT to : dragon country - day Dark cloud slide across a pale sun , throw the ruin land below into shadow . soon fat droplet of rain be splattering on the rock above the dragon 's lair . with each tiny splash there be a sizzle and a puff of steam . this rock be hot ! CUT to : dungeon outside the bar window , a steady rain be fall . Inside , Galen use a chunk of limestone to inscribe a pentagram on script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the floor of he cell . he mark runic sign on the window sill and lintel . then , positioning himself in the center of the mystic symbol , he raise he hand and spread he finger . galen ( authoritative ) cubiculum gravis aperat ! there 's a long moment when nothing happen . a very long moment . finally , a thoroughly frustrated Galen leap to the window and rattles the bar . galen open up , dammit ! fenestra gravis aperat ! asser gravis aperat ! divinitus ! voice salve , magistrum iuvenilum . startle , Galen whirl around to find elspeth stand outside he cell . she hand some food and blanket through the bar . elspeth I have study Latin . Greek , too . I appelo elspeth , filia regis . Galen look she over . he 's never see anyone so angelic . galen how do you do . elspeth please do not think ill of we . my father be a wonderful man , a wise man . the lottery be he idea . galen isee . elspeth you do not understand . from the moment it begin , the dragon be tame . the kingdom prosper . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary galen and only a few have to be sacrifice . elspeth yes , that 's true . be not it better that a few should die that many might live ? galen depend on who do the die . elspeth oh , but we all take we chance . my father be a just man . my name be enter on the list , along with every other young — galen virgin ? elspeth maiden . galen if you say so . elspeth what do you mean ? galen ( sigh ) nothing . elspeth I have participate in every draw since | come of age . galen maybe . elspeth it 's true . you do not believe I . you think I be lie . well I be not . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary galen I be sorry . | hear a rumor . families with money , that sort of thing . elspeth do not listen to rumor . they be lie . ihave to go now . galen wait — how long do I have to stay in here ? elspeth until we know . not long . Goodbye . vale . dormi be . she slip away down the corridor . library King casiodorus and tyrian be huddle over a table pile high with manuscript and papers . tyrian clear a spot and set out a stack of lead bar . king that 's enough . let 's not be greedy here . the King pick up Galen 's amulet , and hold it over the bar in he clench fist . king now then : | , casiodorus rex do hereby command thou base metal to change thy essence and become gold . there be a rustle of skirt and elspeth appear behind he . elspeth Father ? king not now . tyrian , remove all but one bar . we will try it one at a time . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary elspeth Father : do you know that some family have pay bribe to stay out of the lottery ? the King and tyrian glance up at she . king nonsense . by the power of this amulet , justly wield by my hand in accordance with the law of urland , now lead be thou gold . the lead remain unchange , but the King give out a cry and drop the amulet . king I be burn ! what devilish thing be this ? elspeth have you ever keep my name off the lottery list ? king that will be all , tyrian . you may withdraw . tyrian bow and exit . the King use he sceptre to pick up the amulet and chain . he conceal it in a hollow - out book and place the volume on a shelf among many other . king now , my dear , what 's troubling you ? elspeth answer my question : be | not expose to the same risk as every other man 's daughter ? the King pace over to the window and stare out . the rain have stop . elspeth well ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary king ( finally ) you father love you very much . elspeth sway in dismay . elspeth ( a wail ) it 's true ! what have you do to I !? king who fill you head with such idea ? at that moment a tremor pass through the room . King and daughter look at each other in alarm . dungeon the same tremor shake the bar in Galen 's cell . puzzle , he roll off he straw palette and get to he foot . the tremor die away . suddenly a violent shaking hit the cell , bounce Galen off the wall . CUT to : village square swanscombe be grip by the same earthquake . dodging panicky barnyard animal , valerian and she father join other frighten villager in the center of town . CUT to : dragon country above the dragon 's lair , boulder be shifting and grind together . massive chunks of stone break loose and tumble down the incline . CUT to : galen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the shaking have stop . rock dust filter down from the ceiling . Galen pick himself up and stare : the door to he cell be off its hinge and be sagging open . he dart out . corridor Galen dash along the hallway , round a corner and stop . at the other end of the passage be tyrian . tyrian you little meddler ! it 's alive ! he draw he sword and advance . Galen warily retreat . tyrian break into a run . Galen turn and sprint away . courtyard unruly horse , terrify by the quake , rush blindly around the courtyard . hostler try vainly to catch they . tyrian lean down from a upstairs window . tyrian Close the main gate ! Quick ! the man below scramble for the gate . Galen burst out of hide , see the untend horse , and swing aboard as one go past . a cry go up from the guard . tyrian there ! stop he ! Galen ride like mad for the exit , but he 's a half - second late : the door boom shut in he face . he wheel the horse around . the King 's man be come toward he with pike . digging he heel into the horse 's side , he urge the animal back across the courtyard , up the step and right into the building ! throne room Galen gallop into the empty chamber , knock over the throne and vaulting a table . hot on he heel be armed soldier . he kick the horse again and shoot under a archway . kitchen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the kitchen be already in chaos from the earthquake when Galen charge in on he wild steed . food , utensil and cook go fly . he rein in , duck he head , and squeeze the horse out into a narrow hallway . hallway he clatter down the passageway . but here come a contingent of footmen from the opposite direction . Galen ride they into the wall ! stair the horse scrabble up the stair , Galen tuck low against its neck . on the upper landing he come face to face with tyrian and more soldier . tyrian get he ! stab the horse ! Galen jerk the animal around and plunge back down the stair . library whin and blow the horse burst in , a wild - eye Galen still in the saddle . he find himself confront the King and he daughter . casiodorus grab elspeth and retreat into a corner . king tyrian ! tyrian ! tyrian sweep in with he man . the door slam shut . king so much for you magic ! so much for you sorcery ! Galen be trap . just as tyrian reach for the horse 's rein , the animal rear up , roll its eye . at that moment the floor heave and crack in a new series of shock . the man at arm go down like ten pin . tyrian reel back , dodging script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary stone block loosen from the ceiling . as the shaking continue , a weaken section of wall give way . Galen see daylight ! without even wait for the quake to cease , he prod the horse across the room and through the wall to freedom . CUT to : dragon country - day the unnerve citizen of swanscombe gather on the promontory overlook Galen 's landslide . every few second there be a new shudder and more rock pour down the long slope . valerian stand tremble with she father . presently brother jacopus elbow he way forward . brother jacopus listen to I , my brethren . the moment of we fear be the moment of we triumph . this be a sign from God . follow I , and we faith will send this creature straight to hell . holding a cross before he , he start up the slope . no one follow . they have not be Christians all that long . one or two near valerian get down on they knee and pray silently . greil look thing over . greil you call yourselves Christians ? he stride after the monk . but he 's the only one . near the lair the determine monk have arrive at the epicenter . his sandal be smoking on the hot gravel . sweat shine on he face and neck . brother jacopus the Lord be my shepherd , | shall not want . thou makest I to lie down in green pasture . thy rod and staff they comfort I ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary greil toil up the slope a hundred yard back . he 's crossing himself , but he 's carry a sickle . vermithrax there be a thunderous noise . part of the mountain be toss into the air . up from the depth come a huge shine wing . then a neck uncoil and a head appear . it tip down toward the tiny human . brother jacopus ( firm ) ..for thine be the kingdom and the power and the glory forever — amen . at the base of the slope the villager scatter . greil waver . brother jacopus unclean beast , get thee down ! be thou consume by the fire that make you ! the dragon 's head sway back and forth , then belch out a waterfall of flame . it engulf jacopus and send he to a better world , if there be one . CUT to : hill road - night horse and rider race across a night landscape under brood cloud . up ahead , the sky glow with a angry red light . at the crest of a hill Galen rein in and look down across a long valley . there , mile away , be the village of swanscombe . many building be ablaze . as he watch in horror , fire spring up in the field and tree . intermittently he can see the silhouette of the dragon as it spread destruction . finally the creature swoops up and away . Galen stare skyward , lose sight of it in the cloud . for a moment , silence . then , with a thunderous rush of air that almost blow he from the saddle , the dragon reappear and hurtle a few foot over he head ! it be go in a instant . CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary village - night half the building in the town be on fire . desperate villager dash here and there , herding child and animal to safety , try to save they household goods . Galen walk woodenly into the confusion , lead he horse , take in the scope of the disaster . he come upon a line of man who have form a bucket brigade . he attempt to join up . as soon as he be recognize , he be shoulder roughly aside . man get away , you little bastard . we have have enough help from you . Galen stagger back , reach for he horse . the animal shy and trot off . a middle - age woman appear in front of he , she face contort with rage . she swing a flame broom and catch he on the back of the head . Galen reel away . woman this be you do ! Galen look up and see a couple of burly move he way with board in they hand . burlies get he ! he 's back ! before they can get too close , Galen run down a alley and bump smack into a glassy - eye , haunt man . it be greil . galen greil — help ! greil May the Lord forgive you for what you have do . he push past . Galen duck behind a smolder building . valerian' house the roof have burn off , but at least the wall be stand . valerian be wrestle char timber out of the center of the room . she be cover with soot . there be a hammer on script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the door and Galen barge in . he slam the door behind he and put he back against it . galen it 's I . be you hurt ? valerian where have you be ? do not matter — listen : Quick ! make it rain . that will put the fire out . galen I can not . valerian then get the animal back . they be all run loose . there 's people be hurt . stop they pain . you can cure they . and we will need food ... galen ica not do it . valerian ( this stop she ) what ? why not ? Galen 's hand move up to where the amulet use to hang . galen ijust can not . valerian but you be a sorcerer . galen I be no sorcerer . whatever power | might have have , it 's go . valerian it can not be ! galen | know : I be a imposter . a fraud . a fake . I be sorry ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary for a moment , valerian be too stunne to speak . then she face color . valerian you be sorry ?! listen to that ! the damn thing be loose , we be all on fire and you be sorry ! Galen sink to the floor and sit in the ash . valerian you do not have the faintest idea what you be do , do you ? you be a fool — and I be a bigger one for bring you here . she snatch up a pitchfork and glower at he . valerian | do not want you in this house . get out . but Galen still sit there like a puppet with its string cut , every dream of glory utterly crush . this piteous sight touch valerian 's heart . her gaze soften . she slowly lower the pitchfork . fade out : fade in : town square - day a knot of villager lead tyrian and he henchmen across the square directly to the blacksmith 's shop . the King 's man dismount and pound on the door . it swing open . valerian be stand there . tyrian where be he ? valerian not here . | can not help you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary acry go up from the villager . they know damn well he 's in there . valerian' house tyrian push valerian aside and step into the room . aid by some townfolk , he man proceed to ransack the premise , overturn barrel , stick they sword through flour sack , poke through the tumbledown thatch . valerian 's eye fall on malkin , who have involved himself in the search . valerian you too ? malkin ( return she look ) damn right . find nothing , the group push into the metal shop , where Simon be hammer a iron wheel rim back into shape on a enormous anvil . he lay down he tool and grimly watch the man go through , overturn bench and table . tyrian prop a leg up on the anvil and address himself to Simon . tyrian as the proud new father of a eligible daughter who be some - how overlook all this year , it may interest you to know that the King have call for a new lottery . simon but it 's month till the solstice . tyrian in view of what 's happen , we all know what 's require . simon I have never take part in you curse lottery , and I will have nothing to do with it now . tyrian you be very clever . but she will script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary take part , like all the rest . no exception . the search party have exhaust the room 's hide place . henchman nothing . if he be here , he 's go now . tyrian nod and lead the way out . Simon catch up and pull tyrian aside at the door . simon all right . | know what you want . how much ? tyrian be you offer I a bribe ? simon yes . tyrian do not waste you time . ( pause ) you could never afford it . he spin on he heel and join he man as they ride out of town . valerian and Simon watch they go . when the rider be out of sight , they return to the shop . with a couple of stout pole , they strain to lift the anvil off its base . finally it topple over . valerian slide the base aside , revealing a trap door . she raise it and a cramped Galen unfold himself from the space below . on he face be a curious look of determination . galen Smith — have you ever forge a weapon ? weapon Simon be go through a cabinet , toss out hoe , rake , sickle , scythes , plow blade , and a knife or two . Galen examine they doubtfully . now Simon produce a armload of script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sword . Galen be impressed ; he look they over carefully , testing and rejecting they in turn . galen this be you sharpest ? Simon pluck up one of the sword , carry it to the center of the room . he lay a horseshoe on the anvil . he bring the sword down — whack ! — and cut the horseshoe in half . simon even tyrian carry one of this . Galen heft it dubiously . galen it 's sharp — but it 's not sharp enough . valerian have be watch all this with grow concern . valerian not sharp enough for what ? galen for what I be go to do with it . valerian nothing 's that sharp . Simon gnaw he lip . reluctantly , he bring a long box from the bottom of the cabinet . he open it . lying on a bed of silk be a exquisite two -hande broadsword . the flat blade gleam like a mirror . Galen reach in and lift it out . simon the best | ever make . valerian be as awed as Galen . valerian I 's beautiful . Galen bring up a finger to test the edge . Simon grab he hand away . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary simon do not do that ! ( he look at valerian ) girl -child , when you be bear | know | have to do something , so | set about the task of fashion a extraordinary weapon : | have the skill to make it — ( bleak pause ) — but not the nerve to use it . she look at he with affection . lean forward , she plant a kiss on he bald pate . valerian I be thankful for that . ( to Galen ) no man should choose a senseless death . CUT to : stream - day Galen , valerian and Simon tramp through a glade to a mossy bank . there a wide stream flow lazily under a canopy of tree . valerian if it 's I you be worried about , do not . so my name have be enter , what of it ? there be hundred of girl . my name just will not be draw . | know it will not . Galen walk out into the shallow and push the sword - tip into the sandy bottom , angle so that the edge split the current . galen valerian , this be not just for you sake . he walk back to shore . all three watch the sword to see script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary what will happen . sword Big flat oak leave be glide along the current . very slowly , they go by the sword , some of they very close . finally , one of they float against the lead edge of the blade and without a ripple be cleft in two . Simon give Galen a significant look . valerian | do not care . it do not matter . what you want to kill be not flesh and blood . simon oh , it will bleed , all right . valerian how do you know ? no one 's so much as even scratch it . they look to Galen . the apprentice 's face be full of doubt . galen I 'l need the amulet . CUT to : king be castle - night carry torch to light they way , family - some with maiden daughter — gather from all over the country in the courtyard of the King 's castle . Simon be there with valerian , and so be Galen , disguise in rough farm clothes and a wide - brimm hat . like many other , he carry a stick top with a bleach skull — to all appearance , just another participant in this weird pagan ritual . a barrel decorate with flame and dragon 's wing sit on a raise dais in front of the main entrance . horsrik , the King 's herald , supervise preparation for the lottery . armed guard appear carry a seal chest . horsrik break the seal and the guard pour the content — hundred of wooden tile , each bear the name of a potential sacrifice — into the barrel . trumpets blare and drum roll and the royal party stroll onstage : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the King , he daughter , courtier and tyrian . valerian nudge Galen . valerian ( point ) look at she . the princess . galen | know . we have meet . valerian give Galen a sharp look . horsrik unroll a parchment . horsrik ( read ) people of urland : whereas the peace of the kingdom have be disrupt by the mischief of a interloper ; and whereas this interloper be fle ; now therefore , he majesty the King hereby proclaim the sum of thirty ducat to be pay to anyone produce the miscreant Galen bradwardyn , fraud enchanter , to we satisfaction . Galen pull he hat low over he eye . as the moment for the draw approach , valerian become more and more uneasy . she push forward through the crowd until she 's just below the barrel . she eye the people around she . some of they seem equally worried , other — the better dress and better feed — be smug and complacent . the King and he retinue be serene . a chant go up from the crowd : crowd stir the tile ! stir the tile ! horsrik pick up a wooden staff surmounted by a carve dragon 's head and stir up the name . this do , a new chant go up : crowd bare the arm ! bare the arm ! at a signal , a guard come forward and cut the sleeve from horsrik 's right arm . he hold it high . the crowd surge script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary forward . the atmosphere be full of dread and excitement . valerian look pale and determine , be jostle and push to the edge of the platform . crowd draw the name ! draw the name ! the moment have come . down go horsrik 's arm and up it come , hold one little wooden square , one young woman 's fate . a expectant hush fall over the mob . the virgin of urland tremble and wait . horsrik now , my countryman , hear I : behold , for lam choose . | shall die that many may live . I shall lay down my life for family and fellow . | shall go to my grave for the love of we King and he wise policy . and my name be — he look down at the tile to read the name , but no sound come to he lip . he look back at the crowd , a cold sweat break over he face . he swallow , but still can not bring himself to speak . at he foot , valerian be hold she breath . anew chant go up . crowd the name ! the name ! by now horsrik be tremble . he stare down at the tile , he mouth set in a grim line . the King be get annoyed . he gesture and the crowd fall silent . king read the name . horsrik ( master himself ) the name be : princess elspeth ulfilas , filia regis . there be a moment of profound shock . then a low murmur of wonder move through the crowd . Galen look at valerian ; she sag with relief . the King turn to he daughter . she show script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary nothing . he rise from he chair , come forward and snatch the tile from horsrik . king that 's not the name . it 's be misread . valerian will not stand for such hypocrisy . valerian there 's no mistake ! the name 's be choose - let it stand ! king no , the good horsrik have misspoke himself . ( he look at the tile ) in fairness to this individual , whose name I can not make out , we will destroy this tile . he quickly toss the wood chip into a brazier at he elbow . led by valerian , the crowd cry out in protest . valerian no ! what better name than you own kin ? at last we see justice do ! king silence ! we will have a new choose . | will draw the name myself . he reach into the barrel and extract another tile . he look at it and he eye widen . betray , he swivel to face he daughter . the din of the crowd reach a crescendo . crowd let it stand ! let it stand ! elspeth take the tile from she father 's nerveless finger , look at it with satisfaction and hold it aloft . elspeth the name be as you hear it and as horsrik read it : elspeth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the King moil through the tile , find he daughter 's name again and again . king the lottery be invalid . another and another . what treachery be this ? valerian , chant with the rest , fall silent . she look at elspeth with sudden interest and respect , then awe . elspeth hear I , good people ! it be true , that my name appear on many of the lot . this do not falsify the draw , it certify it ! | have learn that my name have be keep from jeopardy in all the drawing in the past . so ihave put my name among the rest many time — once for each risk that , over the year , you take and | do not . the crowd be dumbfounded . gradually voice erupt ina cacophony of shout , whistle and excited conversation . Galen see he chance : there 's a unguard door near the stable . he drift toward it and slip inside . throne room Galen poke he head in : the room be empty . he scurries over to a chest , fling it open and start rummage . find nothing he move on to a cabinet . he break the lock and pries it open . again , nothing . castle corridor Galen can hear the voice in the courtyard as he rush down a hall . suddenly he stop short . there in front of he be a guard lean out a window to watch the proceedings . Galen hover on the verge of panic as the guard abruptly move . but the man be only head for another window and a better view . Galen manage to fall into step a arm 's length behind he and slip by without a sound . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary library Galen enter the library , he enormous shadow dance crazily on the torchlit wall . hurrying through , he attention be draw to some open book on a table . closer inspection reveal magical writings and symbol . Galen paw over everything , suddenly aware that he must be close to the amulet . but where be it ? courtyard as the crowd disperse valerian watch elspeth walk back in the castle , lofty and compose . she look for Galen and discover he have go . library by now , the room be in total disarray . Galen have open all the chest and trunk and knock half the book from the shelf . no amulet . he 's feverishly work on a lock drawer when a voice interrupt he . king do not go to all that trouble . Galen whirl around to find the King stand in the doorway . the monarch look shattered . Galen edge toward the split in the wall and find that it have be shore up with timber . at that moment tyrian come through the door , size up the situation and draw he sword . galen I be unarm . if you want a fight , at least give I a weapon . tyrian ( push by the King ) | think not ! king stop ! do not harm he . ( to Galen ) and you — do not run away ... please ... the King 's voice be crack . Galen and tyrian be equally script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary take aback . the King search through the book remain on the library shelf . king ( shaky ) I have always have the great admiration for the black art . you chap with you mysterious spell ... | do not think it would be necessary , you see . vermithrax be a old dragon . and that , | think , be the beauty of my plan — buy time . we would wait she out . I would live to see the end of she . ( firm ) that 's still go to happen . the King find the book and take the amulet out . with tremble hand , he pass it to Galen . tyrian sire ! king he shall have it . ( plead ) it 's my daughter . save she , | beg you . CUT to : village - day the people of swanscombe be clear up the rubble and beginning repair on they dwelling . stand in they midst , lecture every passerby , be greil . he hold up the char remain of brother jacopus ' wooden cross . greil Holy of holy — he do not die in vain . can you hear I , brother ? some workmen go by lug new thatch . malkin be with they . malkin script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( gently ) we hear you , greil . greil well and good , but I be greil no longer . call I gregorius , after the Bishop of Rome . malkin and the other stop to listen . greil I see he die . like we Lord Jesus on the cross he be , scourge by evil . but he show no fear . such be the power of the Holy ghost . blacksmith shop Galen lurk in the shadow of Simon 's metal shop look out on the square where greil be hold forth . greil of what avail be magic ? the old god die with we daughter . from whence comest my help ? my help comest from the Lord ! Galen quietly shut and bar the door . he move deeper into the gloomy workroom where Simon be pump a bellow to heat up the forge . Galen look at the coal . simon good and hot . galen do not bother . that 's not the kind of fire we need . valerian be stare at the sword , sit on the anvil in its silk wrapping . Galen uncover it , hold it high , and put he hand on the amulet . galen nunc , per potestatem hermeticum — ex flammis , ferrum sangrinarium ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the sword start to hum and to heat up . from the hilt outward the blade glow brighter and brighter : red , orange , white . it light up the room , throw long shadow into the corner . Galen lay the white hot steel on the anvil . Simon take up he hammer and begin the reforging . valerian see they resolve . after watch for several moment she slip out the side door , look sad . CUT to : dragon country - day Cloud scud low over the lifeless region . the dragon 's lair now have a new , bigger entrance . vapor drift upward from it . down the slope a lonely figure work its way from rock to rock : it 's valerian with a wicker basket on she arm , search for dragon scale . the basket be already more than half full when she find herself ominously near the mouth of the cavern . she 's about to turn back when she spy a particularly large and beautiful scale just a few yard further on . as she reach for it , there be a sudden hiss ! she jerk she hand back and freeze . there in the shadow be a baby dragon , a basilisk , all coppery bronze with stubby winglet . as she back away , she see two more come up to join the first . they watch she retreat through wick little green eye . CUT to : stream - day on the mossy bank Galen and Simon unwrap the reforged sword . now the blade carry a faint blue halation . Galen walk to the middle of the current and once again stab the tip down into the sand . then he rejoin Simon onshore to await result . this time , as the oak leave approach the sharp edge , they gently but definitely veer sideways to avoid contact . such be the power of the sword that even after many leave , not a single one have come close enough to be slice . Simon be agog and even Galen seem satisfied . they clasp hand . simon a edge like no other on this earth . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary galen well do , Simon . thank you . Simon hand he a bundle of fight equipment . simon ( grave ) I 'l say goodbye to valerian for you . I be sorry she 's not here , but you know how she be . galen l understand . they look at each other for what could be the last time . simon fare thee well . the old man depart . Galen unfold the bundle and bring out its content : mail hauberk with coif , studd leather glove , padded jerkin , a scabbard and a small wooden shield . he lay they out on the stream bank , then strip off he tunic and kneel down to splash some water in he face . as the cup the water between he hand , a image come alive and shimmer on the surface : valerian , stripping off she own clothes , shyly turn toward he , solemn and romantic . valerian Galen . it 's as if the vision be speak to he , but it 's not . he spin around and see she stand there , fully clothed , and possess of a brisk and businesslike air . valerian here . she throw down a shield . it 's remarkable in its construction — overlap layer of iridescent dragon scale have be ingeniously fastened to a leather - clad frame . valerian it 's a shield . | make it . might keep the fire off you . might not . you script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary know , you be a idiot . you be go to die tonight . you will be rip limb from limb . this be the last time I will ever speak to you . Galen turn the shield over and over , marvel at it . he fix she with a pierce look . galen thank you . valerian ( rush ) another thing . that thing be not alone up there . there 's little one . Young , I think . | do not know how many . she shudder . Galen 's eye be still fastened on she . she 's fight to retain she hard manner , but the agitation and dread be plain . galen hatchling . they will have to be kill too . anything else ? valerian want to be bold , but on this final point , can not muster the courage . valerian ( tiny voice ) you be in love , be not you ? galen ( slowly nodd ) yes. valerian that 's all right . | understand . she 's very beautiful , very brave . galen who be ? what do you mean ? valerian you princess . but | do not care . it script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary do not change the way | feel . ( firm ) listen to I , Galen bradwardyn , sorcerer 's apprentice ; you be go to be dead , the dragon will be worse than ever , there will be more lottery , and I be not a boy any more . galen and you will be eligible because — valerian because I be still a virgin , and | want you to do something about it . Galen take she in he arm ; she be tremble . he tilt she face up toward he and kiss she . galen lam in love . but not with the princess . they image be reflect in the water . through the ripple she be visible pull briefly away to remove she clothes . from afar , they be two tiny figure under the overarch oak and willow . they embrace and sink down into the deep grass beside the water . the leave continue they unhurry course downstream . CUT to : dragon country - night a.cold wind whistle through the rock near the dragon 's lair . by the light of a flicker torch two workmen finish drive a heavy post into the ground . as they affix a pair of iron manacle they see the torch of a procession come up the slope . they hurry down to meet it . horsrik be in the lead , follow by soldier and royal attendant . elspeth ride in the tumbril behind a blindfolded horse . bring up the rear be tyrian . at last the cart can go no further . elspeth alight and lead the rest of the troop to the post . as the soldier put the iron around she wrist , horsrik script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary unroll a parchment , turn he back on the wind and begin to read : horsrik now be it know throughout the kingdom , that the princess , have be choose by a deed of fortune and destiny — horsrik blink . there 's a black stain grow in the middle of the parchment ; all at once it burst into flame . he cry out and fling the document away . there follow a flash of light and a puff of smoke and Galen be stand there , as if he have materialize out of thin air . horsrik and he startle man backpedal down the slope . horsrik no fire , | beg you . Galen raise he hand in a menace gesture . galen be go ! that 's enough for horsrik and company : he and the soldier depart . horsrik ( over he shoulder ) | declare this proceedings duly ordain ... only one man remain behind the challenge the young sorcerer : tyrian . he draw he sword . tyrian | know I would find you here . well , I be not as sentimental as some . the kingdom , every one of we , need this sacrifice . if you intend to interfere , you will have to kill I . galen I have get plenty of reason to kill you that have nothing to do with script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary this sacrifice . Galen draw he own sword . as it emerge into the night air it seem imbue with a blue phosphorescence . tyrian most impressive . can you use it ? elspeth twist around in she chain . elspeth let it be ! please ! tyrian be right — it 's we only hope ! Galen start to reply , but as soon as he attention waver , tyrian be lung toward he , sword point direct at he neck . Galen barely manage to parry the thrust before tyrian be at he again , blade swinging toward he knee . Galen drop the tip of he sword to catch the blow . when the two steel edge connect , spark fly . in a series of thrust and counter - thrust , each accompany by a shower of spark , tyrian back Galen up the mountain . elspeth tyrian — both of you — run ! flee ! it 's come ! sure enough , at that moment the earth give out a low moan and undulate in a sicken movement . vapor begin rise from the lair . tyrian in a trice ! this be no sword - man . he might be right , for Galen turn and bolt across the slope . when he reach the post with tyrian two step behind , he whirl and bring he blade down on princess elspeth 's chain . the chain part in a explosion of spark . galen run ! get out of here ! the princess dart from the pile as tyrian swoops down to continue the attack . Galen dodge and the stake catch tyrian 's blow . the earth shake again . Galen glance at the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary princess . galen no! stop ! what be you do ? elspeth be not run away down the mountain . instead she be walk , slowly and deliberately , right into the smoking cave . swoosh ! tyrian 's sword come down again . the dismay sorcerer duck back and tyrian 's blade again bite deep into the wood . tyrian you have fail , my friend , and | thank the god for it . come out from behind that post . it 's now or never . elspeth be no longer in sight . Galen grit he tooth , grasp the sword with two hand and swing it as hard as he can ina wide arc . the blade never even slow down as it sail right through the post , lopping it clean off . the glow sword flash above Galen 's head and eagerly bury itself in tyrian 's chest . the King 's man be as startle by the amputate pile as he be by he own death . his eye roll up in he head , he knee buckle and he topple backward — the blade slide free . dragon' lair smoke swirl at the mouth of the cave as Galen enter , hold he sword before he , lighting he way with its faint blue glow . galen elspeth ! the floor of the cave as it wind down into the mountain be paved first with rock , then with dragon scale , then with bone . with each footfall , cluster of mysterious insect scuttle away . Galen pause to mop he brow ; it 's get hot . a sound echoe up from the depth , a grind sound like the gnash of tooth , follow by hiss and squealing . Galen grip he sword tighter and push on . suddenly he stoops and pick up a embroider slipper : elspeth 's . the grind sound be louder . he hurry forward and round a corner . he stop and gag . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary basilisk two disgusting little reptile — like scaly raccoon — be perch on the corpse of princess elspeth ulfilas , feed contentiously on choice bit of the royal flesh . Galen groan : he lash out and he sword behead one of the tiny monster . the other one buzze its half - form winglet and hiss a hot stream of air . Galen bring down the sword and slice it in half . eye rivete on elspeth 's remain , he edge around the carnage and back away . hissss ! — there 's a third one , lurking in the shadow , munch on something ; it might be a hand . Galen shriek and jump away . the little creature come at he and clamp its jaw on he leg . Galen stab at it repeatedly . finally it let go , and flail and flop across the bloody floor , ululate its death agony . as the creature 's last mewling echo down through the cavern , the ground quiver . bit of stone fall from the ceiling . lake of FIRE Galen work he way down a narrow passage whose wall be alive with insect and bead of sulphurous water . as before , he hold the sword in front of he ; he marvel at its increase brightness . the heat be increase too ; sweat mat he hair and run down he face . a few yard further on the sword start pulsate . now the wall take on a flicker rosy sheen and the passage widen into a underground vista of staggering immensity : a underground lake , its surface bubbling and tear with sheet of flame . arching over it be a vault of stone , penetrate here and there by natural chimney . the dimension of this internal world be unknown — the fiery lake disappear into half a dozen side chamber . the one clear path be accessible only by a series of flat stone lead across the hot liquid . Galen grip he sword and resolutely hop from rock to rock . vermithrax he 's halfway across when the earth rumble and the step stone teeter beneath he foot . a fiery wave wash over he leg , leave he boot smoking . another tremor knock Galen to he knee . as he scrabble to pick up he sword and shield , the great head of vermithrax rise up out of the depth on script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary its long neck . it gaze at he through huge pale eye under armored lid . a tongue flick out and run around its lipless mouth . the head sway from side to side . the mouth hinge open , the nostriHike igniter come on and touch off the jet of gas squeeze up out of its innard . a roaring tube of flame engulf Galen . he crouch behind he dragon scale shield which deflect the fire just enough to save he life . the dragon pause to take a breath . Galen spring to he foot , and bound back the way he come , he skin and clothing singe . flame lick at he back as the dragon let fly with a second burst . tunnel cough and weep , Galen stagger up through the tunnel , nearly trip over the body of one of the baby dragon . a few second later , vermithrax follow , squirming and claw its way upward . when it reach its dead offspring it survey the scene with expressionless eye . bring its head low , it sniff and nudge at the lifeless little one . ambush at that moment Galen leap out from behind a niche in the tunnel wall and lunge forward . strike spark , the point of he sword slide across the dragon 's plate cheek and stab deep between the scale of its heavy neck . there be a unearthly shriek and the creature flick its head back and upward . Galen go sprawling and find himself hold half a sword . the rest be bury in the beast 's neck , and vermithrax do not like it . it fling its head this way and that , knock rock loose from the ceiling . its movement cause the ground to quake . as boulder tumble around he , Galen drop to the floor under he shield . Dragon flame reach through the cascade debris and wash over he . CUT to : dawn valerian roam the rock -strewn slope not far from the dragon 's lair . presently she come upon a once - familiar object — the fire shield . half the scale be go , the rest be char and curling . grimly , she move on . a few pace away she pick up the blunt sword . she scan the rock and finally see script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary what she 's look for . galen he 's lie face down behind a boulder , he clothes char , patch of skin scorched . he look dead . valerian roll he onto he back . she gasp : the eye be open , regard she . galen still alive . CUT to : blacksmith shop - day Simon be stand by the anvil with the break sword in he hand , lose in think . house in the adjoin house valerian tend Galen 's wound . he 's propped up ona palette endure the application of poultice . valerian you know what we have to do . ( he look at she with dull eye ) we have to leave urland . he wince in pain . valerian not because of what happen . | bring you here — it do not work — now I be take you away . do you understand ? ( Galen do not react ) you say you love I . be it true ? if it be , it 's the only good we have do . let 's not lose that too . ( pause ) Galen ? he seem mile away . she turn aside , on the verge of tear . Simon be stand there , still hold the sword hilt . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary simon she 's right . what kind of a life could you have here ? it 's too late for I , but you be young enough . ( he show they the sword ) you know what | think ? Magic be die out , fade from the world . but that make I happy . that mean the dragon will be die too . Galen look at he ; he have hear everything . he sit up and fondly regards valerian . packing valerian pack she belonging into a rucksack . the last item in be she blue frock , carefully roll . beside she , Galen don clean travel clothes . he stiffly cross the room and drag he pack out of the corner . he sort through the effect , and amidst the clothing and supplies discover the leather pouch contain ulrich 's remain . he contemplate it . valerian what 's that ? galen nothing . | be just think — poor Hodge . he tuck the pouch away , throw some clothes on top and tie the satchel shut . CUT to : stream - day beside the quiet stream Simon bid farewell to the young couple , embrace each in turn . they slosh across the shallow water and follow a path into the wood . CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary village square - day greil be stand outside the half - burn grange hall , summoning the Christian faithful . he proclaim the call to worship by hammer on a small bell . one by one the townsfolk arrive . among they be Simon , look bereft . CUT to : forest path - day valerian and Galen trudge along side by side . valerian how 's you leg ? galen hurt . that thing be small , but its tooth be sharp . valerian at least you kill it . you get all the young . this be small consolation , and Galen sigh . galen but the big one 's alive . somewhere down in that burn lake . valerian do not think about it . you have you fight , and you be still here . that 's more than anyone else can say . let 's think about what lie ahead . she reach out to take he hand . but Galen be no longer at she side . she stop and look back . galen Galen have come to a halt in the middle of the path . he 's stare into the middle distance with a sudden inspiration bubbling in he brain . he fling off he sack , drop to he knee and tear through the content . valerian come back , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary baffle . Galen 's gear be strewn all over the trail . valerian what be you do ? Galen come up with what he 's look for — the leather sack . when he reply , it be not to she , but to ulrich : galen you old trickster ! the burn water ! the lake of fire ! valerian Galen , what be you say ? he regards she with astonishment . galen he have it plan . he know this be go to happen . valerian who do ? what happen ? galen we have get to go back , | want to talk to he ! he head back down the trail , leave he belonging on the road . valerian where be you go ? she hurry after he . CUT to : grange hall - day greil , a.k.a . gregorious , stand in the center of the burn - out granary , deliver a sermon . behind he , man be fill the baptismal cistern . greil script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the Church be mother to we all . not just one lonely orphan who have lose he way , not just a few , but all of we that believeth in him . when enough voice come together in prayer , he shall hear , we shall live and the beast shall die . in the gather Simon ponder the hilt of he once fabulous sword . with its blade shorten , it look a lot like a crucifix . CUT to : dragon country - day Galen bound up the rocky slope as fast as he can manage , trail by a desperate valerian . valerian Galen , stop ! please , | beg you ! but Galen pay no attention . in a burst of speed and fury , valerian come up behind and tackle he . valerian stop ! | will not let you kill yourself . Galen wave the leather pouch in valerian 's face . galen he could not walk — he know he could not make the journey . so he have we make the journey for he ! do not you see ? he jump up and run to the mouth of the lair . valerian ( pursue ) no ! she tackle he again . valerian script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary all right , all right . you be go in there , I be go too . galen ( bring up short ) what ? why ? no you be not , this be my job . absolutely not . but valerian spring to she foot and start into the lair . valerian I be not afraid . and you be not go to stop I . after all - I have beena man longer than you have . Galen pause long enough to snatch up a discard torch near the remain of the wooden stake , then charge after she . underground running footstep resound in the steamy passageway and Galen come around the corner hold he torch high to light the way . valerian stumble after he . he grab she hand . galen stay close . down and down they go . soon they reach elspeth 's body . valerian what 's that ? galen never mind . come on . but she pull the torch from he hand and go over to see . galen all right . wait here . he dart off . in the flicker torchlight valerian can see the princess 's remain all too clearly . she suppress a scream . valerian script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Galen ? Galen ? where be you ? no answer . the torch reveal several passage . she do not know which one to take . lake of FIRE the passage widen out and once again Galen be stand on the shore of the lake of fire . he look around . the water be roll with bubbles of gas , and flame run hither and yon across the surface , but there be no sign of the dragon . gather he courage , he hop across the step stone to the middle of the lake . there he hurriedly open the pouch . galen ex favilla , vita nova ! gripping the amulet with he free hand , he scatter ulrich 's ash ina wide arc over the burn water . instantly , there be a ominous rumble and the earth give a shrug . but no wizard appear . no dragon , either . there follow another and stronger quake . Galen crouch to keep he balance . still no wizard . outside thoroughly bewilder , valerian stumble out into daylight . she wander a few yard down the slope and collapse against the stake . something be strange : it 's get dark . squint up at the sun , she frown in puzzlement , then gape at what be happen . eclipse slowly and ponderously the black disk of the moon slide over the face of the sun , plunging the world into crepuscular half4ight . CUT to : grange hall - day the congregation be confuse and frighten by the sudden darkness . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary greil be calm . he watcheth over we ! and this be his sign ! let we pray ! we Father who art in heaven ... the faithful bow they head and join in . Simon as well . CUT to : lake of FIRE the earthquake have subside ; the water be calm . Galen stare bleakly into the flame . as he watch , they gather themselves into a lazy spiral . gradually the spiral speed up and become a vortex . now the flame become tinged with green , and as the cavern moan with the sound of rush air , a form take shape at the crest of a jet of flame . it be ulrich , supine as upon he pyre , reforming before Galen 's eye . galen ulrich ! magister ! over here ! I can see you ! over here ! ulrich ( look at he ) not so loud . I be not deaf , you know . he slowly raise himself into a upright posture and stride through the flame . ulrich sic redit magus ex terra mortis . the apprentice throw himself at he master 's foot . galen wonder of wonder — you be back ! | thank the power that make I ! ulrich glad to see you , too . you do not bring along anything to eat , by any chance ? galen script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary food ? ulrich no ? oh well , no time anyway . outside valerian be stand in the unearthly twilight , anxiously peer into the mouth of the lair . suddenly she be hit from behind by a gust of wind . she do not turn to see the enormous vermithrax alight silently behind she . galen & ulrich ulrich raise Galen to he foot . ulrich come along . there 's much to be do . galen wait , |have something to tell you . ulrich it can wait . galen no it can not . listen : | think | be a sorcerer — but | be not . | think | have power — but I do not . | think | be you — but I be not . he hang he head . ulrich regards he steadily . ulrich well say . now hurry . he lead the way across the rock to the shore and into the tunnel . valerian time seem to have come to a stop . overhead , the moon be lock in front of the sun . at the lair , valerian stand freeze as the dragon lean over she . the great head sway from side to side . the jaw hinge open . suddenly , valerian script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary recover herself and make a run for it , leaping and scrabbling over the rock . a plume of flame lick at she heel . she see a protective crevice and head for it , but a winge claw drop to block she way . she change direction and be cut off again . cat and mouse . vermithrax the pale yellow eye stare implacably down at the hopeless victim . the igniter jet come on , then off , as the beast suddenly stiffen . the head rotate , almost as if catch a new scent . finally the eye focus on the entrance to the cavern . ulrich there be the sorcerer , lean on Galen , coolly regard the creature . the old man 's expression harden . ulrich draco draconis ... the dragon lift its wing as if to menace they , then flap twice and be airborne . the thing shoot overhead and , witha rush of wind , fly off into the gloom . in the rock valerian struggle out of she hide place . valerian Galen ! Galen run to she . they embrace . when they look up , ulrich be at they side . ulrich where 's my amulet ? give it to I , please . Galen 's hand locate the jewel under he shirt . he find himself reluctant to part with it . with a hurricane howl , a column of flame touch down nearby and rush toward they . they stagger back as the dragon sweep script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary past . ulrich be quick ! Galen hand he treasure over . ulrich close he hand around it . ulrich come close to I . Galen and valerian approach . the old man 's hand be suffuse with a internal glow . behind they , the dragon be turn for another pass . vortex all at once the glow brighten , and in another instant the world spin off into a blur , set all three afloat ina timeless netherworld . valerian and Galen cling to each other in terror . ulrich do not be afraid . you have serve I with great courage . now you must show I you have even more . galen anything ! the voice seem to be come from a huge distance . starlike gleam whiz by , and fleeting glimpsis of half - recognizable face and form . the wizard 's eye be like glitter crystal . tiny mote and planetoid dance in the hair of he beard . he seem wreathe in luminescence . ulrich you must destroy the amulet , and I along with it . galen no ! ulrich you bring I from the flame , you script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary must send I back . galen I can not . ulrich when the time come , you will understand . here . he dangle the amulet in front of Galen . even more reluctantly than he let it go , he take it back . mountain top abruptly , the vortex be go and they find themselves atop a rocky crag overlook the eclipse- darken field and farm of urland . Galen glance at he surroundings and stare at the amulet , full of awe . ulrich | know what you be think . you have learn much and do well . do not worry , you will not need it any more . CUT to : grange hall - day greil be urging Simon , the last of the convert , into the cistern . greil make haste , brother . he dip Simon 's head under water . greil now be thou baptize in the name of the Father , Son and Holy ghost . May the Lord we God light we way . in the background , half the congregation be stare through the burn - out wall , fervently praying and crossing themselves , wonder if they will ever see the sun again . a script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary cry go up : a shape cross the solar corona , wheel over the village and streak away toward the mountain — the dragon . CUT to : mountain top Galen and valerian peer out from behind a boulder and watch ulrich hobble perilously close to the edge of the cliff . the old man spread wide he arm and tilt he head back . ulrich nimbus ! tempestas ! fulmen ! from over the horizon roiling inky - black cloud churn down upon they . Thunder boom and echoe . a bitter wind whip they clothing . as the storm gather fury , the dragon reappear , circle in the distance . finally it home in on the mountain crag and dive at ulrich . the conjurer make a gesture and stroke of lightning explode against the beast 's scaly flank . it emit a high thin scream and rocket past . galen & valerian valerian crawl away and come back with a hefty chunk of granite . valerian here . do as he say . smash it . galen not if it mean kill he . ulrich he resolutely wait as the dragon bank against the cloud and start another pass . again , the sorcerer summon lightning bolt . but the dragon keep come ; this time a talon split the old man 's cape . galen & valerian valerian wrestle the amulet away from Galen . it fall to the ground . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary valerian you hear what he say . she lift the chunk of stone . Galen grab for it . galen no ! you can not ! the last attack vermithrax spiral up into the storm , then drop earthward . ulrich watch as the beast come straight at he . he fold he arm and bow he head . leathery wing hum , the creature level out , swoops up past the crag and lift the master magician away in its huge hind claw . ulrich Galen ! Galen and valerian be horrify to see the dragon circle upward with the sorcerer writhe in agony in its grip . as the monstrous thing fly high over they , they can hear ulrich 's faint scream . death now Galen understand . he seize the granite block from valerian and raise it with both hand over he head . he take a final look at the amulet , glow at he foot , then bring the rock down with all he might . there be a blind flash as it shatter into a million fragment . Far above there be another blind flash as ulrich 's earthly body explode against the belly of the beast . the darken sky light up as huge gout of flame spew forth from the dragon 's gut . wing flutter uselessly , this reptilian torch plummet to the ground . lake below , a stock pond nestle in the foothill pasture . trail a wake of flame , vermithrax plunge like a comet into the water . there be a stupendous splash and eruption of steam . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary galen & valerian they stare down from they lofty perch , watch as further explosion boil the water from the pond . eclipse behind a tatter wrack of cloud , the moon slowly uncover a pale sun . dissolve : the carcass - day grey misty light reveal the beast 's mangle remain . Galen and valerian emerge from the fog , walk under a blacken wing and make they way through the mud and loose scale to the huge char head . the death agony have twisted it upside down . the mouth be freeze in a grotesque look of surprise . the eye be glaze . now the sound of voice float toward they , chant a ancient hymn . a moment later a mob of Christians , lead by greil , crest a hill and move toward the hulk . the song end . greil let we pray . the member of the congregation fall to they knee . greil we thank thee , Lord , for this divine deliverance . verily be thy presence amongst we , fully manifest in this , thy great work . Galen and valerian look at each other . she take he hand . greil arise , child of the Lord and forsake evermore the pagan mystery . rejoice in the true power of the Christian God ! Galen turn and lead valerian away . they disappear into the mist . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dissolve : flensing - day in the clear light of a new day , ladder have be tip up against the creature 's back . team of man swarm over the crust flesh , slice off long strip for piecemeal burial . below , yoke oxen drag the heavy carrion away on sledge . in the background other workmen dump the remain into a open pit . the king with the crack of a whip and the clatter of hoof , the royal coach pull up to the shore of the lake . a door creak open and King casiodorus totter out . his face be puffy , he eye be red . he slog through the mud to the head of the dragon and commence hack at it with a ceremonial sword . horsrik step out of the coach and draw himself up . horsrik ( loud ) all hail casiodorus rex — Dragon slayer ! the worker pause long enough to listen to this pronouncement and cast a glance at the sorry spectacle . wordlessly they resume they labor . horsrik ( nodd ) hail and praise be ! dissolve : on the road - day the trail lead through copse and open meadow . side by side , Galen and valerian march up a long slope under a hot sun . he limp a bit ; she find a staff and hand it to he . valerian you want to rest ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary galen no. I be fine . valerian you miss ulricn . galen yes . valerian and the amulet . galen that too . valerian not I . I be glad it 's go . I be glad you do what you do . ( he do not reply ) you may not be a sorcerer , Galen , but I love you anyway . | do not regret anything that happen . I just wish — galen yes ? valerian ( sigh ) — that we have a horse . Galen fall a step behind . he briefly close he eye and mutter something . they walk on a few pace . then there be a whinny from the nearby wood and a white stallion canter forth . it cross a meadow , come right up to valerian and nuzzle she . valerian what be this ? galen a horse . valerian script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary galen no . it must have be wander loose . or wild . Galen climb aboard . he reach out to help she up . valerian wait a minute . | just wish for a horse and here it be . galen you do not want to wish it go , do you ? she think for a moment , then let he help she up . Galen touch the horse 's flank with he heel and they ride off . fade out : the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary