drag I to hell written by Ivan raimi &amp ; Sam raimi September , 2007 int . bedroom - before dawn 22 year old Stephanie browne be jarre from a peaceful sleep as the alarm clock buzy . she hit the snooze button and plop back down onto the pillow . after a few second of pure sleep bliss , she will herself up . she move through she Ikea furnish bedroom , past a " hang in there , baby " poster and into the bathroom . int . bathroom - a moment later Stephanie turn on the shower . while wait for the water to heat up , she look into the mirror and with exaggerated pronunciation , recite : stephanie there be no friction , with proper diction . good sound abound , when the mouth be round . she catch herself on the last word , a hint of " Missouri twang " slip through . stephanie round . yawn . she slip off she nightgown and lumber into the steaming shower . int . kitchen -- morning she open the refrigerator : a half grapefruit sit next to a invite slice of chocolate cake . she 's tempt , but choose the grapefruit . ext . ventura boulevard parking structure - morning a sunny Southern California day . commuter speed by . Stephanie 's ford focus pull into the parking structure , across the street from the bank of california . she step from the car , smartly dress for work and walk briskly toward the intersection . the traffic signal change to " do not walk " . a business man next to she , sprint across the street . Stephanie almost follow but decide to obey the sign . she look down to see a little kitten . it rub against she ankle and purr . stephanie well , you be a little cutie . 2 . a car 's horn blare , spook the kitten . it dart into the intersection and freeze at the sight of a oncoming van . Stephanie race into the intersection , snatch up the kitten and place it safely down on the other side of the street . stephanie hey ! slow down ! the Van roar past . she pet the kitten . it purr and lick Stephanie 's face . she set it down . stephanie go on home . shoo now ! she head for the Bank . the kitten follow . she turn back , frown . stephanie shoo ! int . bank of california -- day Stephanie site at she desk , across from a young mexican couple . she study they mortgage . application . mexican man we keep get the same thing . because I be not employ by a american company , they will not take my application until they get my solvency statement . and the mexican treasury Department say that 's go to take at least four more week . mexican woman and the house will be go by then . stephanie it say , here you employ by Pemex ? mexican that 's right . stephanie be not Pemex a subsidiary of Union oil ? 3 . a mexican man yes. so? 0 stephanie so technically , you employer be a american company . I think we can make this work . I will call you this afternoon and let you know . the happy couple shake Stephanie 's hand and exit . ellen , Stephanie 's pretty , twenty two year old , roommate , flop down into the seat across from she . ellen I need clarification on the shoe issue . stephanie okay ... ellen first of all -- you know you have get the only perfect pair of black dress shoe in l.a . so be that a definite , irrevocable , " no way " or t just a rather not at this time , " no way " ? stephanie it 's a absolutely , positively , forget about the shoe already , " no way " . they be my only good pair and I need they in good shape for tomorrow . ellen what 's up ? stephanie dinner with Ray 's parent . ellen pick up a desktop photo : a shot of Stephanie and she handsome boyfriend , Ray , lock in a embrace , stand in the spray of a waterfall . ellen Ray 's get a nice butt . really tight and --- Stephanie take back she photo . 4. stephanie 1 -- I know . thanks . ellen he 's a keeper . but I tell you about he mom , she 's another story . I use to waitress at she country club , and with she , it 's all about what private school you go to and who you know . you still up for that promotion ? that would help . Stephanie look longingly to ... the vacant office of the former Assistant manager . the large oak desk . the executive chair . wait to be fill . Stephanie turn back , push the think away . stephanie I be not put on a show . she will either accept I for who I be or not . 4 ellen be you read self help book again ? the kitten peer out through Stephanie 's partially open desk drawer . ellen hello there ! ellen reach for the Kitty but Stephanie wave she off . stephanie -- shhhl I can not let my boss see he . Stephanie glance to she manager , mr . jack , a heavyset man sit behind a large desk . ellen what about the shoe ? stephanie I tell you . no. now beat it . 5 . Mr. jack sneeze , rub he nose . he look suspiciously about the bank for the source of he allergy . 0 stephanie uh oh . you better bring the kitty home for I . ellen sure . if I can take the shoe . stephanie I tell you , no . Mr. jack sneeze again , he eye water . he turn to he secretary . mr. jack have someone bring a damned animal into my bank ?! Mr. jack look about the Bank , he twitching nose lead he toward Stephanie 's desk . stephanie okay , fine ! take the shoe ! Hidden from Mr. Jack 's view , ellen quickly scoops up the kitten and place it into she purse . as Mr. jack arrive at Stephanie 's desk , he overhear : ellen just do not expect I to take care of it . this catch Mr. Jack 's attention . he turn to the lady , wonder what they be talk about . Stephanie take ellen 's hand and vigorously shake it goodbye . stephanie of course not . I will take care of everything . and thanks for choose Bank of California . ellen play along . T 6 . ellen okay . then I will see you later . I mean - -- whenever the next time I be in the bank . you know -- for a loan . or -- stephanie Goodbye . as ellen pass , Mr. jack sneeze again , harder . mr. jack someone have definitely bring a animal in here . he eye ellen suspiciously as she exit . stephanie I do not see any cat . or any animal . mr. jack hope to hell , not . stephanie by the way , I put the paperwork for the mcpherson loan on you desk . mr. jack mcpherson ? stephanie that big corporate loan I have be try to set up ? it 's just preliminary but -- mr. jack oh , right . I will look it over when I get the chance . stephanie Mr. jack , I be wonder it you have make any decision regard the Assistant manager 's position yet ? mr. jack I be still decide . right now it 's between stu and yourself . 4 7. stephanie stu ? the trainee ? Stephanie turn to see stu , the bald loan officer who sit at he desk , watch , try to figure out what jack be say to she . mr. jack I know he 's new but he 's also quite aggressive and we like that . do not get I wrong , you be well like here , but we be also look for someone who 's not afraid to crunch the number and make the tough decision . stephanie Mr. jack , I feel that I be perfectly capable of -- mr. jack -- I will let you know as soon as , I decide . in the meantime , take he through we loan qualifying procedure ... just in case . stephanie oh. okay . mr jack and would you mind take you lunch now ? stephanie sure . mr. jack and on you way back , maybe you could bring I a turkey club ? stu overhear they as he pass by . stu Turkey club . excellent choice , j.j. then to Stephanie : stu mind pick one up for I ? 8. stephanie no problem . jack head back toward he desk . Stephanie grab she purse and key and as she head out , stu call after she : stu on toast rye ! and spicy mustard ! Stephanie do not like fetching lunch for the trainee but hide she displeasure . stephanie sure . ext . ucla - westwood campus - day Stephanie enter the ivy-cover red brick Department of psychology Building . int . ucla lecture hall - day ray dalton , a handsome twenty - nine year old man be lecture before a class of ucla student . they listen attentively . ray the conscious mind abhor uncertainty . it seek a pattern or reason for everything . when we can not find that pattern or reason , we sometimes ascribe it 's cause to the world of the supernatural . the spiritual world be create by the human mind to conveniently explain everything we can not . so when do a belief in the supernatural cross into the field of abnormal behavior ? where do you , the psychologist , come in ? when this belief negatively affect we patient activity of daily live . they job , they friend , they sense of well be -- the class bell ring . ray tomorrow we will be cover the clinical manifestation of psychosis . you will find it all t reference in the text . 9 . the student pack up they book . Ray smile as he see Stephanie enter the lecture hall , hold a bag of deli food . int . ray' university office - later Stephanie eat a salad as she go over a financial statement of the mcpherson Corporation . Ray grade papers . ray how're thing at the bank ? how 's that new position look ? stephanie I do not know . ray really ? you sound so sure . stephanie well , now there 's this new guy ... they be consider he too . Ray see how bum out she be . he move close , take she in he arm . ray that job need somebody with you experience . they know that . Stephanie nod . stephanie oh , I have get something for you . she rummages through she purse and hand Ray a envelope . he remove a coin . a old nickle . ray a 1925 indian head ! hey , good find . where would you get it ? stephanie one of the teller find it for I . Ray put the coin back into the envelope and tuck it into he pocket . 10 . ray thanks . stephanie I would better get back to work . she quickly gather she thing . Ray return to grade he student 's exam . the telephone ring . Ray hit the speakerphone . ray . Doctor dalton . it 's the voice of a older woman , trudy . trudy on speakerphone hello dear . ray hi Mom , can you hold on a sec ? he turn from the phone , whisper to Stephanie : ray I will call you tonight . she kiss Ray and exit . int . hall outside ray' office - day Stephanie stop at the water fountain for a drink . ray' voice nothing much . just have lunch with Stephanie . and try to get this midterm grade -- she halt as she hear she name mention on Ray 's speakerphone . she move closer to Ray 's office to eavesdrop : trudy's voice -- Stephanie ? the one from the farm ? ray' voice you know who she be . she 's come over for dinner tomorrow night to meet you and dad . 0 11 . trudy's voice Ray , I be sure she 's sweet , but she do not sound ... ray' voice what ? trudy's voice I mean she 's just a teller at some bank right ? Raymond there 's a reason that you father and I raise you in a certain way . we have expectation . ray' voice please , mom , not this again -- trudy's voice I hear that Julie kulick be look for someone to play tennis with . you know she graduate Yale law with honors . I be tell she 's quite a successful attorney now . I give you she number but she mother say you never call . ray' voice because I be with Stephanie . I be not look for anybody else . trudy's voice would it kill you to -- ray' voice -- Mom . I have to go . see you tomorrow night . okay ? bye . a downhearted Stephanie quietly exit . int . bank of california - break room - day as Stephanie pour herself a cup of coffee , stu and Mr. jack take the first bite of they sandwich . stu make a face . he inspect the sandwich , shake he head . stu ( quietly to Mr. jack ) she mess up my order . Stephanie hear that . 12 . stephanie no I do not , stu . stu steph , I say " no mayo " . stephanie you never say that . stu roll he eye to Mr. jack . Stephanie catch stu 's look , but what can she do ? she exit . int . bank of california - later Stephanie sit at she desk , enter data into she computer . she glance across the bank to see stu and Mr. jack emerge from the break room . stu be about to return to he desk when he remember something : he 's get two ticket to a dodger game that he can not use . Mr. jack happily accept the ticket . Stephanie look to the vacant office of the Assistant manager . she can feel she promotion slip away . scratch ... scratch ... Stephanie look to the source of the sound ... a withere hand . a involuntary tremor cause it 's yellow fingernails to scratch across the surface of Stephanie 's desk ... scratch ... scratch ... the hand belong to mrs . sylvia ganush , the age woman who site across from Stephanie . she wear a.formal dress and hat from another era . the outfit be threadbare in spot but great care have be take to maintain it . mrs . ganush ( hungarian accent ) will you help I ? stephanie of course . what can I do for you ? Mrs. ganush cough up phlegm and spit it into a linen handkerchief , which she tuck back into she puree . she hand Stephanie a bunch of crumpled papers . Stephanie review they . 13 . stephanie Mrs. " ganush " ? the old woman nod . stephanie this be a delinquency notice ... it say that the payment on you loan be due a number of month ago . and this other document ... be a court order for repossession . the bank be inform you of they intent to repossess - you property at 325 brandon street , tomorrow . , mrs . ganush the truck be there now . the man be pack all my thing . private thing . please , make they stop . this be my home for twenty year . and I make every payment until the sickness take my eye . Mrs. ganush turn she head to reveal a milky white eye . Stephanie hide she revulsion . stephanie well ... do you have the payment with you now ? mrs . ganush I hope to get it soon . I just need a little more time . stephanie I do not think my manager be go to extend you anymore credit . I would like to help but ... mrs . ganush please . wo not you try ? stephanie okay . wait here . Stephanie stand and move off . the Old woman pick through a bowl of hard candy on Stephanie 's desk . Stephanie stand before Mr. jack . he acknowledge she without look up from he work . 1b 14 . mr. jack what 's up ? stephanie I have get a elderly woman ask for a extension on she mortgage payment .. they be in the process of repossess she home . she 's on a fix income and she 's have some medical problem . I be wonder if we could give she a break . Stephanie hand Mr. jack the loan file . he put on he bifocal , study it . Stephanie glance over she shoulder . stephanie's p.o.v . - her desk Mrs. ganush look around to . make sure no one 's watch , then tip the bowl of hard candy into she purse . she reach . into she mouth and remove a set of stain denture that she wrap in she linen handkerchief . she place a piece of hard candy into she mouth and gum it with a wet sucking sound . the Old woman 's one good eye , wander about in ecstacy as she suck on the sugary treat . mr. jack apparently , we have already grant she two extension . and you know on this type of foreclosure , the bank make a sizable amount in fee . he hand she back the file . stephanie it would mean I would have to throw she out of she house . mr. jack tough decision . you call . he lean back in he overstuff leather chair and study she . Stephanie glance to the vacant office of the Assistant manager . the large oak desk . the thick carpet . she see a calculate stu rubin eyeing she from he workstation . 15 . stephanie I will take care of it . Stephanie return to she desk . stephanie Mrs. ganush , another extension on the loan be out of the question . mrs . ganush what ? stephanie I be sorry . mrs . ganush no. please , it 's my home ... I be begging you . stephanie I try to talk my boss into it but he just would not approve . mrs . ganush but where will I live ? Stephanie leaf through the loan document . she find a name . stephanie Mrs. ganush , you have give you granddaughter as a reference ... it say here , she life nearby ... would not you be better off live with she ? mrs . ganush I would not burden she . stephanie okay well , there 's several fine " assist live " facility for the elderly . mrs ganush a nursing home ? no . I will never live in one of that place 1 stephanie well , of course , that 's you choice . 16 . mrs . ganush it 's yours . stephanie I be sorry there 's nothing I can do . Mrs. ganush begin to sob . mrs . ganush I be proud woman , miss Brown , and never have I begge for anything . but I will beg for you now . this one time . I humble myself before you . stephanie that be not necessary , please . let 's not make this personal . it 's just the bank 's policy . I be really sorry Mrs. ganush . Stephanie take the loan document and place they neatly into a manila folder . she glance up but Mrs. ganush be go .. Stephanie turn in she chair and be startle to see the old woman , kneel before she . she clutches Stephanie 's leg with she gnarled hand . mrs . ganush have mercy on I . Stephanie stand , try to pull free , but the old woman will not release she leg . stephanie please , let go . customer turn to look . Mr. jack glance up from he desk . mr. jack what the hell ? mrs . ganush I , sylvia ganush , beg . on my mother 's grave , I beg you . stephanie please , take you hand off I . but the old woman only clutches tighter . 17 . stephanie t I be call security . she pick up the phone and press a button . stephanie ( into the phone ) could you please come over ? Mrs. ganush finally release she grip and bow she head in humiliation . mrs . ganush you shame I . she compose herself . then , slowly stand , puffing up she chest . muster she damage pride . mrs . ganush I begge you ... her one . good eye fix it 's harden gaze upon Stephanie . mrs . ganush .and you shame I . Mrs. ganush suddenly grasp Stephanie 's arm . Stephanie try to pull away but the old lady 's grip be strong . Mrs. ganush reach out to pluck the charm bracelet from Stephanie 's wrist -- but the Security Guard intervene . security guard I think you business here be finish , mar 'am . the Guard escort Mrs. ganush from the bank . through the bank 's window , Stephanie watch the Guard lead Mrs. ganush to a old , chevy cavalier on the street . Stephanie compose herself and when she again look up , the old woman 's car be go . dissolve to : int . bank - later 16 the bank be close . Stephanie be finish some paper work when Mr. jack stop by she desk . 0 18 . mr. jack that be one nutty old lady . you okay ? Stephanie nod . mr. jack you handle that just right . and by the way , as far as the Assistant manager 's position ... you be at the top of the list . stephanie thanks . Mr. jack nod , head for home . Stephanie load a pile of contract , a ruler and a desk stapler into a cardboard box and exit the bank . the Security guard lock up behind she . ext . bank of california - parking structure - day Stephanie wave as the last of she co-worker drive off . it 's then that she notice the batter chevy caviler . it 's park in the structure . Stephanie look closer . there 's no one behind the wheel . she nervously glance about . no sign of Mrs. ganush . Stephanie make she way toward the safety of she car . her footstep echo in the desert structure , more loudly than she would like . she arrive at she car and quickly get inside , lock the door behind she . she place the box of contract on the seat next to she . as she start the engine , she notice a strange sight : something move , skim along the surface of the lot . it 's Mrs. ganush 's linen handkerchief . it whisk about like a ghost , swirl closer and closer . Stephanie watch transfix , as it fly right toward she car . it dip beneath she hood and be go . it suddenly sweep up into view , flitter up , over she windshield , and be carry off by the wind . Stephanie breathes a sigh of relief just as two wrinkle hand come up around she face ! Mrs ganush sit up in the back seat of she car ! shrieking with rage at Stephanie ! 4 19 . mrs . ganush ( in hungarian ) you bitch ! I pluck out you fuck eye ! Mrs. ganush 's razor sharp fingernails lash out towards Stephanie 's eye . but Stephanie grab the old woman 's wrist , halting she . the withere hand drop down to wrap around Stephanie 's throat . Stephanie fight for breath as she frantically search for a weapon . her hand find the box on the seat next to she . she grab a handful of color push pin and jam they into the old woman 's arm . Mrs. ganush release she grip . Stephanie have time for only a single gulp of air before Mrs. ganush grab two fistful of Stephanie 's hair !. the old woman yank upon it . Stephanie 's head be pull back , over the edge of the seat . ganush brace she foot against the back of the front seat to pull even harder ... Stephanie 's neck be now bent so far back it 's about to snap ! Stephanie 's hand find the stapler , trip the release . it spring open . she swing it back over she shoulder ! ka- thunk ! ka- thunk ! ka- thunk ! with each blow , she deliver a staple into Mrs. ganush 's forehead . ka- thunk ! a lucky shot -- the old lady 's white eye be staple shut . the old woman howl , but she grip on Stephanie 's hair only tighten . Stephanie , about to black out , throw the car into gear and hit the gas . as the car ' accelerate , Stephanie fasten she shoulder harness with the last of she strength . the old woman 's staple eyelid pop open just in time for she to see ... a oncoming concrete column . Stephanie 's car slam into it . Stephanie be hold fast by she shoulder harness . but Mrs. ganush 's body hurtle forward over the front seat , impact against the dashboard with tremendous force . Close shot of the old woman 's head slamm into the dash . in a spray of break tooth , she denture eject from she mouth . 20 . both woman be daze from the impact . Stephanie regains she wit first . she reach across Mrs. ganush and open the passenger door . Mrs. ganush stir , but before she can come to , Stephanie 's foot shove she out . the old woman hit the ground hard but she sit up suddenly with a snarl and start to climb back in . Stephanie shift the car into reverse . the open passenger door knock Mrs. ganush back down to the pavement . the car 's rear bumper slam into a concrete column . Stephanie be daze . Mrs. ganush crawl to she foot and begin limping toward the car . Stephanie try to focus . a blurred image in the rear view mirror : Mrs. ganush run closer , 'shrieking with old world rage ! the Old woman reach for the open passenger door but Stephanie close it and lock it just in time ! Mrs. ganush furiously pull on the door handle to no , avail . stephanie I beat you , you old bitch ! next time take you geretol ! the old woman bend down , beneath Stephanie 's view . Stephanie look about . where would she go ? the old woman pop up into view , raise a chunk of concrete and ... crashi Stephanie scream as the window shatter . the old woman 's head jut into the cart she clamp she toothless maw down upon Stephanie . 's chin . suckle it , gum . the old woman 's good eye roll about in ecstacy . Stephanie shriek as she push the slobbering head away . strands of spittle form a bridge from the old woman 's mouth to ste phanie 's jaw . the old woman 's wrinkle hand grope about the front seat . she find she denture , now damage from the fight . she grunt as she jam they back into she mouth . she come at Stephanie , mouth wide open and shrieking ! Stephanie grab the wooden ruler from she cardboard box and shove it down the old lady 's throat . Mrs. ganush gag , try to retch up the ruler . 21 . then Stephanie be suddenly scream herself , as the old 1 woman have grab she leg and be drag she from the car . Stephanie hit the pavement . she shield she face with she hand , wait , but the blow never come . the old woman stand above she , wheeze . mrs . ganush you shame I . the Old woman reach down . Stephanie flinch . Mrs. ' ganush 's gnarled hand pluck a thin brass button from the sleeve of Stephanie 's coat . she wave the button through the air , and breathes out a single word : mrs . ganush lamia ... Cloud move past the set Sun . a shadow fall over Stephanie . a cold wind make she shiver . stephanie what --? what be you do ? Stephanie sit up , reach for she button . but the old woman 1 move it out of reach . mrs . ganush you want it ? Stephanie snatch the button back . Mrs. ganush smile cryptically as Stephanie stuff the button into she coat pocket . mrs . ganush soon it will be you , who come begging to I . it begin tonight when you hear the cry . stephanie what cry ? mrs . ganush the lamia . it 's come for you . a large black , buz fly land on Stephanie 's face . she swat it away . her vision blur and she grow dizzy . she lean against the car for support . when she finally look up , Mrs. ganush be go . 22 . int . police station - sargent desk - night Stephanie and Ray have just finish filing a report with officer naimark . ray what about a restrain order ? officer naimark well that 's usually only something we do if there 's a pattern of harassment . but like I say , we will file a report and keep it on record in case you do have a continue problem . but once we send a officer around to have a word with , she , I do not think she will be bother you again . stephanie thank you , you have be very helpful . ext . ventura blvd - later that night Stephanie and Ray eat ice cream cone as they walk past the shop . ray I just thank God you be okay . you be okay , right ? stephanie I be fine . Ray wait , sense that there 's more to it . ray you fine , but ... stephanie I -- it 's just that I could have get she another extension . but I do not . ray loo ] . you say the bank have already grant she two extension . ( more ) 4 23 . ray ( cont would ) when you do not pay you mortgage you lose you house , what do she t expect ? stephanie I guess . a breeze . she shiver . he wrap he arm around she protectively and after a moment , they walk on . Stephanie watch wistfully as a young couple coo over they baby . behind the couple , Stephanie notice a neon sign in a storefront window . it read : psychic . stephanie let 's get we fortune 's read ! ray you be kid right ? she cajole a protest Ray through the front door of the establishment . int . storefront - night a tiny wait room . a poster on the wall indicate the energy meridian of the human body . ray I just hope to God none of my student see I here . five buck say he 's wear a turban . a bead curtain part , revealing ... rham jas , a small , dark skinned , fifty year old indian man . he wear a plain black suit and a white turban . his inquisitive eye evaluate the couple . rham jas I be rham jas . seer . stephanie how do you do ? I be Stephanie Brown and this be Ray ... ray but you probably already know that . just kid . rham jas give Ray a tight smile . 24 . rham jas how can I help you ? stephanie we would like to have we fortune read . can you do that ? read the future ? rham jas I have the ability to see certain energy ... sometimes this ' energy be a foretoken of thing to come . sometimes not . sixty dollar , please . ray sixty dollar ? be not that a little steep for this kind of thing ? rham jas then go . there be many who would claim to be seer . but they be not . although you would pay they little ... you would receive nothing . if you . be not serious , go . rham jas turn to depart through the bead curtain . stephanie wait . she remove some bill from she purse but Ray wave she off , hand rham jas a credit card . rham jas platinum card . very good . he swipe Ray 's card through the credit card machine . int rham jas' back room - night a sparsely furnish , dimly light room . the wall be line with old book . rham jas stand before Stephanie and Ray , who sit at a card table . Stephanie giggle with excitement . stephanie sorry . rham jas smile back . 25 . rham jas that 's quite all right . so , you wish to know something of you destiny . very good . we shall see what the fate have in store . rham jas cross to the window and close the curtain . ray Freud say destiny be not a act of fate but rather something create by we subconscious to control we conscious choice . rham jas that be true . but ... " we should not pretend to understand the world only by intellect . " ray Carl jung ... rham jas yes . from he treatise " psychological type " . Ray study this strange man as he strike a match and light a candle . there 's more to he than meet the eye . Ray brushes it off . ray jung -- the New ager ' favorite psychologist . rham jas because he be not afraid to bring God into the equation . rham jas take a seat at the table , across from Stephanie . rham jas you hand , please . Stephanie extend she hand to rham jas . he close he eye and concentrate . Stephanie smile excitedly to Ray , who raise a skeptical eyebrow . rham jas you , work with money . to 26 . stephanie that 's right ! 4 rham jas but ... you have lose something . stephanie no . I do not think so . rham jas no . no , you be right . something 's be take from you . stephanie no , i- rham jas grab she arm and turn it , revealing the thread . that once hold the button on she coat sleeve . rham jas a button . stephanie well , yes ! some Old woman ... ray well anyone can see she lose a button . so what ? stephanie but Ray , it be very strange . at the bank today . the old woman ... the one I tell you about ... she pluck the button right from my sleeve . ray why would she do that ? rham jas if you would please , both be quiet . rham jae concentrate , he eyelid flutter . Stephanie appear uneasy . the flame of the candle begin to flicker as a breeze sweep through the room . the wind chime tinkle . Ray pull he collar close against the sudden chill in the air . rham jas 's back stiffen . 4 27 . he release Stephanie 's hand and stand . he move away from the table , uncomfortable . with a handkerchief , ' he dab perspiration from he brow . rham jas I think that be enough for now . stephanie wait . you see something . what ? rham jas I be sorry . I be tired and I see it 's become quite late . of course I will refund you money . stephanie tell I . please . rham jas hesitates , then ... rham jas a bad spirit have come upon you . stephanie how ? rham jas do you blaspheme the dead while visit a grave site ? stephanie no . rham jas do you play with ouija board or confer with that who practice the black art ? ray what be this ?! stephanie no . no , I do not . rham jas then perhaps someone have curse you . stephanie who ? 0 28 . rham jas turn she wrist , expose the loose thread on she coat sleeve . close on the thread where the brass button once be . ext . hill of silver lake -- night Ray and Stephanie cruise along the dark , wind hill . Ray look over at Stephanie . stephanie how do he know all that ? ray know what ? that you lose , a button ? 1 he make some good guess , stir you up , leave you with a lot of question . and conveniently , he business card . c'mon , he 's a scam artist . stephanie he do not want the money . he try to give the money back . ray in the end , he take it , do not he ? stephanie I guess so . ext . stephanie's house - night Ray and Stephanie step from the car . they open a rusting iron gate , and walk up the hilly path to Stephanie 's slightly funky Silver Lake rental house . int . stephanie's house - foyer - night Ray and Stephanie step inside . the kitten purr around Stephanie 's foot . Ray pick it up . ray so this be he . get a name ? stephanie uh ... just " Kitty " so far . 29 . she take the cat from Ray , cuddle it . ray sure you do not want I to spend the night ? stephanie do not tempt I . I have get to prep a presentation for the morning . ray okay . Ray kiss she , open the front door and exit . he call back to she from he car : ray remember , dinner at my folk 's house , tomorrow night . we be suppose to bring desert . I could pick something up ? stephanie no . I be plan on baking my special cake . ray sound good . try not to stay up too late . Ray wave and step into he car . Stephanie watch he drive off . int . stephanie's house - kitchen - night Stephanie site at the kitchen table in she flannel pajamas , enter financial data into she laptop . a episode of " desperate housewive " play in the background on tv . a baking timer chime . Stephanie remove a beautifully brown cake from the oven and set it on the counter to cool . her roommate , ellen , come down the stair , snuggling the kitten . stephanie be not he adorable ? ellen let 's hope the landlord think so . she set down , the kitten and pick up she overnight bag . 0 30 . ellen T what about you ? you go to be okay ? you know , I do not have to go out tonight . stephanie no , I be fine . have a good time . ellen do I look great ? be honest . stephanie . you look great . ellen smile , grab she car key and head for the door . stephanie but ... be not that marci 's dress ? ellen yeah . and if she call , tell she not to go bi-polar on I , I will 'get it back to she by tomorrow . or the next day . bye ! ellen exit . Stephanie place butter into a mixer for the cake frosting . through the kitchen window we can see ellen walk down the path , toward the street . she step through the iron gate , latching it close behind she . ext . stephanie's house - night ellen 's car pull away . the wind kick up , whisk leave about , as though something where move up the path and toward the front gate of the house . int . stephanie's house - kitchen - night a unsettle shriek ! what the hell be that ? Stephanie set down the measure cup . she move to the front door . lock it . she look out the kitchen window . the iron. gate be now open . it shriek as it swing back and forth in the wind . 31 . suddenly , the latch give way and the window swing open ! 1 wind sweep through the kitchen , whipping dead leave about . the hang pan bang together ! klang ! klang ! Stephanie force the window close . the wind die . the room grow eerily quiet . a car pass in the street below . it 's headlight sweep across the house . the headlight beam throw move shadow on the wall . Stephanie notice that one particular shadow be darker than the other . it become the silhouette of Mrs. ganush , but there 's no one in the room with she . the car pass and the shadow vanish . sense something , the kitten arch it 's back . now Stephanie feel it . a presence . the light bulb begin to sputter . she hold she breath , listen . the floorboard creak . something be walk towards she . she spin around , but there 's nothing there . the SOUND of footstep draw closer . she back against the wall , tremble . suddenly Stephanie 's face be strike by a invisible hand ! she cry out . her mouth be bleed . she run for the door . she 's almost there . her hand reach for the knob , when something unseen pick she up . she scream as she be throw against the wall . she fall to the floor . lift she head , she catch she own reflection in the window : in the reflection , as the light bulb flicker , we see a flash of ghostly hand that grope at she body . they reach up through the floor , and clutch at she leg , buttock and breast . stephanie get off I ! get off ! the phantom hand vanish . Stephanie look about , eye wild . int . ray' house - night 32 . Stephanie be wear Ray 's overcoat atop she pajamas . she nervously pace the room . Ray hurry in , hand she a pack of freeze peas that she press against she bloody lip . ray so she come to you house ? this be crazy . I be call that police officer . he begin to dial but Stephanie stop he . stephanie Ray , you be not listen . it be not she . it be something that she sick on I ... ray I do not understand . stephanie I do not tell you the whole story . that old woman ... after she knock I down , and pull the button from my coat , she tell I that ... ray what ? stephanie she say that something be come for I ... and it do . Ray stare at she with concern . int . ray' house - later doctor rangivertz , wear jeans and a ucla basketball sweatshirt , conclude he interview with Stephanie . he carry a small black medical bag as he step from the live room to speak with Ray . doctor rangavertz Ray , you be right to call I . never a good idea to be personally involved with you patient . ray what do you think ? 4 33 . doctor rangavertz 1b medically , she 's fine . she 's just very distraught . she 's display some paranoia and a sense of panic . classic symptom of a post traumatic stress disorder . probably a result of be assault by that old woman . Doctor rangavertz scribbles out a prescription and hand it to Ray . ray how worried should I be ? doctor rangavertz we will have to wait and see . int . ray' bedroom - night ' Stephanie lay peacefully in bed , almost asleep . a bottle of sedative on the bedside table . Ray pull up the blanket around she expose shoulder . Stephanie sigh , turn to he . ray how you do ? stephanie better now . at the time it just seem so real . I be so embarrassed . ray do not be , you have a terrible day and you . get a little wigge out . it happen . stephanie po , what now , Doc ? ray I be gonna surprise you , but what the hell . I have be plan a little trip for we this week end . Saturday morning we be take a train to Santa Barbara . stephanie really ? 34 . ray my family own a cabin up there . in , the hill . overlook this little river . we will light a fire , drink some champagne and screw we brain out . stephanie you sure know how to talk to a girl . ray it 's a chance to just be together . undisturbed . there 's a lot of stuff I want to talk to you abqut but it never seem to be the right time . stephanie sound nice . she draw in a deep breath and for the first time that evening , she look at peace . Ray watch , she as she close she eye and drift off to sleep . fade to black . int . ray' bedroom - morning . tweeting bird and filter sunlight stream in through the window , awaken Stephanie . she stretch and look to the empty pillow next to she . Ray be go . she try to fall back asleep , but the sound of a drip faucet keep she awake . frustrate , she get out of bed and step into the bathroom . withered hand clamp around Stephanie 's throat , violently shaking she ! mrs ganush you shame mee match CUT to : Ray shaking she ! ray steph ! wake upl 4 35 . she awaken in she bed , scream ! 10 40 stephanie oh my God : oh godl ray it be just a dream . it 's okay . she get control . Ray smooth out the tangle hair from she sweaty face . he look deeply into she eye , afraid of what 's happen to she . the phone in the next room , ring . ' Ray look over , decide to ignore it . it keep ringing . stephanie go ahead . ray I will be right back . he step into the next room and we hear he answer the phone . Stephanie sigh and lay back down ... next to Mrs. ganush ! the Old woman be cover in .a swarm of black fly ! Stephanie shriek ! the Old woman open she maw , expose sharp break tooth . she lunge for Stephanie ! Stephanie grab the old woman by she hair , halting the chomping tooth inch from she face . she try to push Mrs. ganush away . but the Old woman 's yellow tooth SNAP and press ever closer . the muscle in Stephanie 's arm be tremble . she be weaken . Mrs. ganush , close in , about to clamp she tooth down upon Stephanie 's face when -- Stephanie suddenly awaken with a gasp . it be all a dream within a dream . she bolt up out of bed . take she bearing . she 's alone in Ray 's bedroom . she check the bathroom . under the bed . all normal . Ray enter . ray you , okay ? 0 36 . stephanie no. no -- oh my God . I have some 4 dream . awful . ray want to tell I about they ? stephanie the old lady . she be here ... I could not wake up . Stephanie shake she head . she can not finish . Ray pull back the drape . sunlight pour into the room . Stephanie try to put the dream out of she mind . Ray sit next to she , stroke she hair . ray Doctor rangervertz say you could stop by he office during you lunch hour . Stephanie nod . ext . bank of california - morning Ray 's car stop in front of the Bank . int . ray' car Stephanie look across the street to the parking structure . her car be there . the window have be replace . ray I have they replace the window last night . still need some body work . stephanie - thank you , Ray . she close she eye and take a deep breath . ray we have get to be prepare that it might take some time for you to get over this . she nod . int . bank of california -- day 4 37 . Stephanie enter the bank . she guilty glancep to the clock . it 's 9:40 . she 's late . she try to be discreet as she move to she desk , hope Mr. jack will not notice . she 's almost there when stu rubin " accidently " knock a note book off he desk . Mr. jack glance up and note Stephanie 's tardiness . stu approach Stephanie 's desk . stu rubin hi steph . just get here ? stephanie what be you , the hall monitor ? stu rubin ha ha ! you be funny , steph . stephanie what do you want ? stu rubin I need you to finish teach I the loan procedure . T stephanie I have get a lot on my mind . let 's do it tomorrow . stu rubin sure . I will just tell Mr. jack that you do not have the time right now . maybe he can show I . she glance up . Mr. jack ' be still watch she . stephanie no , no , that 's all right . I will do it . where be we ? stu rubin we be go over the asset - base lend guideline . stephanie right . okay . let 's say you client be a company that can not get traditional bank financing but 10 need a secure loan . we offer -- 38 . scratch ... scratch ... Stephanie look around for the source of the sound , but can not find it . stu yeah ? stephanie .uh , we offer several type of asset - base lend which consist of revolve line of credit and term loan secure by account receivable , they inventory , machinery -- , scratch ... scratch ... Stephanie see ... that stu 's hand have be replace by mrs . ganush be ... it 's yellow fingernails scratch across she desk . she look again , and stu 's hand have return to normal . stu --- and ? stephanie ( in she full Missouri twang ) -- and get you filthy pig knuckle off my desk ! stu be take aback by Stephanie 's outburst . he retreat to he desk in confusion . Stephanie sit , rattle . a drop of blood fall onto a piece of paper on she desk . the blood be trickle from she nose . Stephanie grab a tissue to halt the bleed . she look down to see a large black fly land upon the drop of blood . she gasp and stand , she mind racing . she know what she must do . she find Mrs. ganush 's loan document . she stuff they into a folder , grab she purse and bolt for the exit . Mr. jack engage with a customer , call after she : mr. jack Stephanie ? where be you go ? she move quickly out the door , pretend not to hear he . 4 39 . stu watch Stephanie go and get up from he desk . she 's leave some file behind . he snoops around he desk . he notice a folder mark confidential . it 's the mcpherson loan file . interesting . he pick it up . ext . mrs . ganush house - day a old , wood bungalow that have see better day . a moving truck in the driveway . Stephanie 's car pull up . she step out , carry Mrs. ganush 's loan document . she pass the moving men who load the last of Mrs. ganush 's thing . she arrive at the open front door , gather she courage and knock . no answer . she call out : stephanie Mrs. ganush ? no answer . she step inside . 5 5 int . mrs ganush foyer - day it 's dark and musty here . the place be barren but for some flatten cardboard box . Stephanie try the light switch . no power . stephanie Mrs. ganush ? ' she move forward into the live room . int . mrs . ganush live room - day its too dark to see much of anything . Stephanie stumble over something leave on the floor . a voice : mrs . ganush I know you would come . Stephanie almost jump out of she skin . as she eye adjust she see Mrs. ganush sit on a crate in the corner of the room . her arthritic hand clutching a yellow photograph . 0 40 . stephanie hi . I be here because I think I can help you . I can get you house back for you . mrs . ganush it 's so empty now . stephanie . I can arrange for all you furniture to be bring back . would that be okay ? Mrs ganush do not look up from the photograph . stephanie so ... on behalf of the bank I just want to resolve this to you satisfaction . this whole thing get personal and there be really no reason for that . the bank make a mistake and I can fix it for you and in return I would like you to - cancel or call off , whatever you ... you know -- that thing you do to I . okay ? no hard feeling . so ... stephanie my mother be a proud woman . dignity . that 's what she have . Stephanie nod . wait a appropriate moment , then : place the document gently down on the floor next to Mrs. ganush . stephanie all you need to do be . sign here ... Stephanie offer she a pen . stephanie .and I will take care of the rest . Mrs. ganush 's hard eye find Stephanie 's . they bore in . mrs . ganush no . 41 . stephanie 1 no? but ... I be say I will make thing right . just sign this and you can keep the house . be not that what you want ? mrs . ganush it be what I want before you shame I . now I want to see you suffer . stephanie please ! I have suffer enough ! mrs ganush not yet ! Mrs. ganush suddenly erupt in a break toothe cackle . stephanie you be insane ! just ... just a crazy old woman ! I do not even know why I come here ! 1 mrs . ganush you know why . terrify , Stephanie run from the place . ext . mrs . ganush house - day the Old woman 's cackling can still be hear as Stephanie hurry to she car and drive off . ext . seven eleven parking lot - later Stephanie site in she park car . int . stephanie's car Stephanie be eat from a package of double STUFF oreo , joylessly jam one after another into she mouth . her eye dart about : who could help she ? then she remember something . she set down the cookie and rummages through she purse . she find the business card of rham jas . she start the car and drive off . ext . intersection - day to 42 . Stephanie halt at a red light . out of the corner of she eye she see something odd . stephanie's Pov - on the STREET stu rubin walk with two well dress executive . stephanie stu ? the man warmly escort into the first National Bank . stephanie what 's he do at first National ? the car behind she honk ! she drive on . ext . rham jas ' storefront - day Stephanie 's car be park in the street . int . storefront - day Stephanie stand before a counter face rham jas . he swipe she credit card through the machine . she sign the receipt . he motion for she to follow he through the bead curtain . int . back room of rham jas' storefront - day on a plain wooden table . a samovar brews a musty tea . rham jas be read from a ancient text . he look up from the book , - solemn . rham jas what do it sound like . stephanie like ... shriek . it be awful . he nod . close the book . rham jas that would be the lamia . the " Black goat " . 4 43. stephanie lamia . right . that 's the word the old woman use . rham jas it be a nasty spirit . a taker of soul . a creature of misfortune for you and that around you . it be often summon by the gypsy for they dour deed . on the third day the lamia come for the owner of the accurse object . stephanie accurse object ? what object ? rham jas something that the old woman take from you , curse , then give back . now it dawns on Stephanie . she look to the thread on she coat . stephanie the button ... Stephanie 's hand slowly emerge from she coat pocket . the thin brass button in she palm . stephanie .this ? she hold the button up for he to inspect . but it 's presence make he uneasy .. he wag he finger back and forth . she lower it . stephanie what if I just burn the thing ? rham jas no matter what condition the button be in , you would still be the owner . the lamia would still come to take you . stephanie take I where ? no 44 . rham jas give she a sad smile and close the text . she know where . stymy , she tuck the button back into she coat pocket . stephanie there 's get to be something I can do . rham jas yes . there be many way to appease a spirit . the simple be a blood offer . a animal sacrifice . a small creature would do . you could sacrifice a chicken . it 's all in here ... rham jas produce a modern book on animal sacrifice which he set before she . stephanie no way . I be a vegetarian . I be a member of peta , for Christ 's sake . I do not go around kill animal . rham jas you will be surprised what you will be willing to do when the lamia come for you . she consider he word , look down to the book . close on a diagram of a animal sacrifice - a creature 's heart be cut from it 's body . camera pull back to reveal that Stephanie now site at she kitchen table , read the book . we see other diagram : the heart be place into a skillet over a open fire . the burial of the smoking heart . Stephanie 's kitten purr , as it rub against she leg . Stephanie close the book , shutting out the disturbing image . she hear the shriek of the rusty gate outside . she move to the window and peer out . the rusting iron gate be open . Stephanie sense a change in the room ... shadows shift and grow deeper . the air be suddenly oppressive . something be come . 45 . she move to the front door and put she ear to it . quiet . 1 b but then -- scratch ... scratch ... she run upstairs into she bedroom and lock the door . int . stephanie's bedroom she can hear the sound of the scratching , even here . , she rush to the phone pick it up : no dial tone , only high pitch static , the sound of the lamia bury within . she set the phone down . for a moment all be quiet . should she go back down ? then she hear a tiny squeaking . the knob on the front door , turn . then the click of the lock , follow by the creaking of rusty hinge as the front door swing open . she call through she bedroom door . stephanie ellen ? ! but it 's not ellen . Stephanie put she , ear to the door . the sound of a animal 's hoof on wood . something be climb the stair . it stop outside she bedroom door . Stephanie hold she breath , listen . she see a shadow beneath the crack in the door . stephanie I know that you be there ! the window behind she explode into the room with a deafen roar ! she duck for cover . another window be blow inward and the glass send she way . she scream and run toward the bathroom door . it slam shut in she face ! boom ! another window be shatter by the angry , unseen thing . the force knock she to the bed . the blanket be tear from the mattress , throw Stephanie to the floor . the bedsheet whisk around the room , flap and twist about like 1b drunken ghost . 46 . she try to run but they tangle around she leg and yank she into the air , suspending she upside down , take she on a wild and harrowing ride about the room . abruptly all the madness halt : she drop to the floor . the bedsheet waft to the ground beside she . whatever it be , . it 's go . it 's quiet now . a terrify Stephanie sit , shaking , in the wreckage of she room . int . stephanie's kitchen - later with a tremble hand , she jam a zagnut bar into she mouth , and drop the wrapper onto a pile of other on the floor . she chase it with a double shot of Maker 's Mark whiskey . she remove a knife from the butcher block and heft . it 's weight . she sing out , in a sweet but tremble voice . stephanie here kitty-kitty ... here , kitty - kitty -kitty ... she move closer until she face fill the screen . ext . stephanie's house - day the distant scream of the kitten be hear . we hear it again and again until it be finally silence . 4 int . bathroom - day Stephanie have be sick , emerge from the bathroom , wiping she mouth . int . stephanie's kitchen - day Stephanie throw something small and bloody inside the microwave oven and turn it on . stephanie's backyard garden afternoon she bury the heart in a corner of she garden . she turn on the garden hose , wash the cat 's blood from the knife . ellen' voice steph ? Stephanie quickly toss the knife into the bush . ellen appear . 47 . ellen t do not you hear I call ? I be look all over for you . be you power eat Clark bar again ? ' Cause there 's about ten thousand wrapper all over the -- oh my God , be that blood ? 1 Stephanie glance guiltily to the corner of the garden . but no blood show . stephanie no . why would there be blood ? ellen right there , on you sleeve . Stephanie glance at the red spot on she sleeve . stephanie that 's just tomato juice . I be inside make a salad and ... I cut a tomato and I must have get it on my sleeve . ellen give she roommate a worried look . ellen look , steph , we be friend so if something 's wrong ... stephanie I have some problem . a situation . but I think everything be go to be good now . ellen be not so sure . int . stephanie's bedroom - day Stephanie close she bedroom door so ellen can not see the damage . Stephanie clean up the place . as she pick up some of she thing , she come across a old photograph . closer : it 's a photo of 16 year old Stephanie . she be obese . her belly unflatteringly protrude from beneath a " 4 - h " tee shirt . she stand before some barnyard animal , a bucket of feed in she hand . 48 . Stephanie look distastefully down at she former self . she tear up the photo and dump it in the waste basket . int . kitchen -- afternoon the music grow lighter as Stephanie model a couple of dress in front of ellen , who 's help decide on the evening 's wardrobe . ellen go with the short skirt . stephanie what about this one ? she hold up a longer , more formal dress . ellen uh uh . that one 's say " I be try to impress you with my conservative taste . " stephanie but that 's what I want it to say . ellen shake she head , no . Stephanie take a last look in the mirror , decide to go with the short skirt . stephanie okay . this be it . ellen tell I again ... the exact word he use . stephanie just that this little cabin would be a great place for we to really connect and that there be something he would be meaning to talk about with I . ellen oh my god , you be so engage ! ellen 's smile fade . she shake she head despondently . stephanie what 's wrong ? I 49 . ellen t I just know that Rob 's never go to ask I . stephanie but I think you say that relationship be only physical . ellen oh , I would never marry a guy like that ... but I would still like he to ask I . stephanie huh . ext . nicholas canyon - dusk Stephanie 's car pull up in front of Ray 's hillside house . the convertible top be down and Stephanie look radiant in the golden sunlight . ray' voice let 's get a look at that dress . she step from the car and model the dress . S stephanie you like ray I like . int . stephanie's car - dusk ray and stephanie drive through the street of bel Air , Stephanie at the wheel . she tune in a rock station and turn it up loud . she smile at Ray and take he hand . she hit the gas and she Ford focus open up , accelerate down a long , tree line street , the wind blow through they hair . ext . dalton house - dusk Stephanie and Ray approach the front door . Stephanie carry she home make cake . they ring the bell . Stephanie suddenly seem apprehensive . 50 . ray something wrong ? stephanie it 's just that I be not , some ivy leaguer with a impressive resume . I have a feel that 's what you folk really want . ray maybe . but in the end , it 's about what you and I want . stephanie be that so ? Ray give she a reassure nod . the front door open revealing Ray 's parent , GEORGE and trudy dalton . behind they we glimpse a exquisitely furnish foyer . trudy raymondl she kiss she son . ray Stephanie , this be my mother , trudy , and my Father , George . trudy glance at Stephanie 's revealing cocktail dress with thinly veile disapproval . Stephanie self - consciously tug it lower . trudy how do you do ? GEORGE Nice tp meet you , Stephanie . stephanie it 's very nice to meet you , too . GEORGE please , come in . stephanie thank you . a ' 51 . she step inside . 1 int . dalton' house stephanie you have a lovely home . GEORGE thanks . I will get we something to drink . as George exit , Stephanie present she home make cake to trudy . stephanie I hope you do not mind . I baked something for you . trudy hesitates , then take the cake from Stephanie . trudy it 's lovely . homemade . stephanie it 's a harvest cake . trudy harvest cake ? be 'that some kind of cake you make on a ... farm ? stephanie we use to , yeah , when you have a lot of extra duck egg . especially right before spring ; that 's when you get a real dense yolk . make for , rich cake . the mother force a smile . trudy you must give I the recipe sometime . stephanie sure . it 's easy . the real secret 's in the milk . you want it unpasteurized . 0 52 . trudy unclean ... uh ... I mean " unpasteurized " ? be that safe ? stephanie uh huh . and you want that milk still warm . straight from the cow . trudy have to stifle she gag reflex . George return and hand Ray and Stephanie a cocktail . trudy Excuse I while I go find someplace to put this . as trudy take away the cake , a cat round the corner . it hiss at Stephanie . she take a step back . GEORGE never could understand that damned animal . hate cat . trudy return from the kitchen . trudy that 's strange . hecuba 's usually very sweet . stephanie that 's okay . I have a cat . I understand . ray what do you mean " have a cat " ? what happen to he ? stephanie how would I know what happen ? probably nothing . you know how cat be . they come and they go . Ray nod slowly . about to say something but let 's it go . int . dalton house - dinning room - later Stephanie , Ray , George and trudy be finish dinner . 53. GEORGE still keep up with you coin collection , Ray ? ray I try to . in fact Stephanie just find I a 1925 indian head nickel at she bank . GEORGE really ? so , how long have you be work there , Stephanie ? stephanie almost two year now . trudy the job of a bank teller must be so difficult . I would think with all the count and the repetition , it would become so tedious . stephanie yes , you be right . but I be not a teller . trudy oh ? ray Stephanie 's a loan officer in charge of small business and home loan . and she 's on a fast track for a promotion . right , steph ? stephanie I would like to think so ... actually , it depend . if I could close this big account that I be work on , it would really help . GEORGE must be a very important loan . stephanie it would be the biggest that my branch have ever handle . GEORGE how ''d it come to you ? 54 . stephanie well , I be read the Wall Street Journal and find this innovative medical supply company that be interested in expand but do not have the liquidity . I meet with they cfo and present a formula for restructure - some of they long term debt . it create a environment where I be able to offer they a rather attractive loan package GEORGE you sure sound like you have get a lot go for you , Stephanie . trudy you mother must be very proud . stephanie I suppose . I do not see she much . trudy why be that ? stephanie well , ever since my dad die she do not talk much . she mostly stay on the farm and ... keep to herself . because ... there be a awkward silence . trudy do you mother have a drink problem ? ray cut she some slack , mom , she -- stephanie yes . I be afraid she do . trudy I be sorry . it 's nothing to be ashamed of . and I find you honesty refresh . stephanie thank you . 5.5 . trudy t you have get back bone . not like that other girl Ray bring by ... what be she name ? alicia ? she be dreadful . so ill - mannered . and no ambition . ray mom - trudy ( stage whisper to stephanie ) he find she through the , internet . ray mor , please . trudy Stephanie , be I be too tough on Ray ? Stephanie , happy to be take into the family circle , wink at Ray . stephanie no . not at all . that 's what mom 's be for . trudy thank you , Stephanie . maybe I will try that harvest cake of yours , after all . trudy cut herself a piece . Stephanie taste the cake and emit a tiny cough . stephanie Excuse I . she clear she throat . but the cough return , grow larger . stephanie just a little tickle in my -- she stand and take a few step away from the table . Ray look on concerned . ray be you okay ? 56 . she wave he off , clear she throat . tries to smile demurely , but erupt with a harsh cough . she 's choke on something and be try to bring it up from deep within she throat . with all she might she emit a bark and a large black fly buzze out of she mouth . trudy oh ! oh my GOD ! the fly lazily buzy across the table , slowly circle trudy 's head . trudy spit out a mouthful of harvest cake into she napkin . George lower he fork and push away he plate of unclean farm cake . Ray be baffle , too stunne to speak . Stephanie 's gaze shift to the kitchen door . from the other side , she hear the sound of a hoof . Ray try to cover for Stephanie : ray I be so sorry , Stephanie . I do not know how that fly get . into you -- stephanie -- wait . what 's that sound ? trudy what sound -? stephanie shhh ! listen ! trudy listen along with the other . they can not hear anything . but Stephanie hear the footstep draw closer . trudy I be sorry , I can not hear anything . stephanie ( mutter under she breath ) must be deafer than a post ! but trudy hear that and take offense . but before she can say anything , a shadow appear at the base of the door . Stephanie stand and shout at it : 57 . stephanie T leave I alone ! just leave I the fuck alone ! Stephanie grab she dinner plate and hurl it just past trudy 's head . it shatter against the base of the door , spraying everyone with bit of break china and fish . the shadow and footstep be go . Ray rush to she side . ray steph , it 's okay ! there 's nothing there . she look about . George and trudy regard Stephanie as if she be mad . stephanie I ... I think I would better go . trudy I think that 's best , dear . she head for the door . Ray start to go after she but he mother stop he . trudy let she go , Ray . she 's a sick girl . ray she need I . trudy grab Ray 's arm . trudy I be tell you not to go after she . Ray gently pull free of he mother 's grasp and chase after Stephanie . ext . dalton house - moment later Ray rush outside stop Stephanie as she be about to get into she car . ray what do you see in there ? 58 . stephanie 4 you do not want to know . Ray pull she close . ray tell I ! stephanie the thing that 's come for I . what the old woman send . ray listen to I . what you be go through right now -- it 's like the doctor say , it 's a stress reaction and -- stephanie no . I want to believe that -- but it 's real , Ray . you just do not want to open you eye to it because it threaten you . because if I be right and there be something out there , then you would have to throw out everything you teach . and where would that leave you ? like a plow without a mule . Ray just stare at she . a long moment pass as he wonder if maybe she be not right . stephanie unless you be willing to take a chance and believe in I , I can not be with you any more . she step into the car and drive off . Ray watch she tail light , as they vanish into the night . ext . echo park house - later that night a older home with bar on the front window . Stephanie knock at the front door . she turn toward a distant sound : a chill , high - pitch squeal . be it just a bus 's air brake ... or something more ? when Stephanie turn back , the door have be open a crack . a eye peer out at she . 59 . voice of the eye what be it ? stephanie hi . yes . I come to see sylvia ganush . be she here ? the door open wider , revealing a sexy twenty - four year old gypsy girl . ilenka ganush . bottle of beer in she hand , long black hair , earring and a snake tatoo on 'her neck . she wear a low cut shirt and tight short . eastern european hip hop and laughter be hear from within the house . ilenka I be ilenka , sylvia 's granddaughter . who be you ? stephanie Stephanie Brown . I be ... sort of ... a friend of hers . actually , I have be try to help she with a loan that - ilenka wait . I know who you be . grandma tell I you would come . you be the woman from the bank . the one who take she house . stephanie it be really the bank that take the house . I just work there . in fact , I try to help you grandma get - the house back , but my boss would not let I . ilenka know she 's lie . Stephanie know that she know . ilenka that 's not what happen , be it ? be you go to stand here on my porch and lie to my face ? stephanie . no . ilenka you use to be a real fat girl , to do not you ? 60 . stephanie yes . ilenka I can tell . you know , you cause my grandma a lot of pain . that house be she pride . when you take that from she , she have nothing leave . you be not welcome here . she start to close the door . Stephanie halt she . desperate now , no where else to turn . stephanie okay ! I do it . it be I who deny she the loan . I be try , to get ahead at work and I should not have do it . it be wrong . ilenka damn straight it be wrong . stephanie and I be ashamed about it . and I be go to get down on my hand and knee and beg she to forgive I . she say - that I have not suffer enough . but now I think she will see that I have and then maybe she will let I ... ilenka . make everything all right for she , be that it ? stephanie yes . ilenka give a bitter , cryptic smile . she motion for Stephanie to follow . they enter a room fill with young gypsy drink , smoking and talk loudly in a slavic tongue . a woman with a cane shout as she throw a pair of dice . a hungarian man with a long , braid ponytail , curse he bad luck as he pay cash to the woman . ' stephanie where be she ? 61 . ilenka gesture to a area beyond the party goer . Stephanie t push she way through the crowd . she stumble and fall atop the Corpse of Mrs. ganush ! as per the custom of the gypsy wake , there be no coffin , just she dead body that rest atop a coffee table . Stephanie have land atop the corpse ! the leg of the coffee table break under the weight of the two woman . Stephanie tumble to the ground , the corpse landing atop she . the crowd of mourner gasp . the dead woman 's open mouth bob up and down upon Stephanie 's chin , as through it be once again suckling it . Stephanie shove the corpse off of she and back away in revulsion . ilenka still go to make everything all right ? the mourner replace the corpse atop the coffee table . ilenka address the crowd in hungarian . she tell they that it be this white trash farm girl that throw she grandmother t from she home and that she now bear the curse of lamia . a mother shield she daughter 's eye from the sight of Stephanie , the curse one , then hurriedly kiss she .crucifix . a man spit at she foot then walk off . stephanie no , please -- I need she to take this thing off I . ilenka it will never come off . stephanie you know about it ? then , please help I . I be begging you . ilenka she say you would come begging . I only wish she could have live to see it . the blood drain from Stephanie 's face . 62 . ilenka . maybe she can ... Stephanie glance down to the corpse . it 's head be now face she . it 's dead eye , OPEN ! int . rham jas ' house -- night Stephanie put she foot through rham jas ' tv set . shatter the tube , commanding he . attention . stephanie fuck that ! I pay you a hundred and seventy nine dollar for that book ! rham jas it be a limited printing ! please control yourself ! stephanie I do what you say - that blood offer ... I kill that little kitty deader than hogan 's goat . lotta good that do I . rham jas we be deal with elusive and powerful force . there be no guarantee . she want to shout , but instead , close she eye and sit . stephanie just tell I what to do . rham jas consider . a dark look cross he face . Stephanie try to read he expression . close on stephanie's mastercard it 's run through the carbon paper . rham jas hand she a receipt . she sign it . he sit . rham jas we must somehow dissuade the spirit from take you soul . stephanie how ? 63. rham jas 1 a seance . and it should be soon . for tomorrow will be the third night ... stephanie have you do this before ? rham jas no . but I know someone . I can arrange what be necessary , but you must understand that everyone involved in this would be take a great risk with they life . stephanie what would you need from I ? rham jas think for a moment , weigh the danger . he pull out a pipe and pack it with tobacco . he tamp it down and light up . rham jas twenty thousand dollar . Cash . by tomorrow . 5 VA int . stephanie's house - night Stephanie be hastily pile all she valuable atop she bed : sport equipment , tv , vcr / dvd combo , CD player , ipod , etc . ellen enter , rattle . ellen I need to talk to you . stephanie ellen . I be sorry . this a bad time right now . I get a little emergency and ... say you get any cash I can borrow ? she start stuff the valuable into a large duffle bag . ellen no , I do not . but steph I -- stephanie -- what about you credit card ? what 's you cash advance limit ? ( more ) 64 . stephanie ( cont would ) I will pay you back . you know I be good for it . ellen steph , we need to talk about the cat . stephanie where have that little rascal be ? he 's always run off , have you notice that ? ellen Stephanie . I be in the back yard and I see where the ground be dig up . I start digging and ... you bury that little kitty in we backyard . what happen ? stephanie I do not want to tell you . it fall out the window and die . it 's sad , but -- ellen I find the bloody knife in the bush . stephanie what be you , a cat detective ? ellen steph ? I be go to tell you this as you friend . there be something seriously wrong with you . Stephanie look up from , she frantic panting . stephanie uh ... duhi ellen I be move out . I can not live like this . stephanie . fine. ellen exit . Stephanie angrily call after she : 65 . stephanie a ' do not let the barn door hit you on you ass on yer way out ! int . store - later that night Stephanie be speak into a pay phone . stephanie I can not get the twenty thousand . you be gonna have to help I with what I have get . rham jas ' voice what do you have ? she cover the mouthpiece , speak to someone off camera . stephanie how much ?! camera pull back to reveal that we be 'in a pawn shop . Men haggle loudly in Arabic over the price of a gold chain . the pawn broker stand before - all of Stephanie 's worldly belonging : a toaster oven , computer , racing bike , stereo , microwave oven , necklace , jewelry ... pawn broker thirty -eight hundred for everything . stephanie include my jewlery ? pawn broker include . Stephanie curse under she breath , check the balance on she checkbook , do the math , speak into the phone ; stephanie six thousand . rham jas I be sorry . not possible . stephanie look , I will give you six now and -- 66 . rham jas no . there will be other involved and I cannot - ask they to accept such a risk for less . good night . he hang up . the line go dead . she try to throw the phone but it 's attach with a short metal cord . she turn to the pawn broker . stephanie I will take it ! Stephanie think about how she will get the extra cash . she hesitantly dial a number on the pay phone . it ring and ring as she glance to a picture bury deep in she wallet : A. photo of ... the young , obese Stephanie and she stern look mother . both stand before a bleak snow cover , mid-western farm . stephanie Mom ? hi , it 's I . do you get , the Christmas card ? yeah , I guess it have be a while . listen , I be in kind of a fix , here . I have be pretty sick and I need to borrow some money for a operation . I need fourteen thousand dollar right away . now I know you still have that pension fund at the credit Union so -- yeah , but ... okay . okay , it 's just that --- I understand . okay , mom . bye . the line go dead . she slump down against the pay phone . close shot - stephanie she pout she lip in the mirror , carefully apply lipstick . look good . pull back to reveal we be in the employee bathroom at the bank . she fix she hair so it 's just right . she. straighten out a tiny wrinkle in she business suit , smile she best upbeat smile and exit the bathroom . 67 . int . bank of california - day Stephanie approach Mr. jack . stephanie Mr. jack , this be kind of awkward for I ... I know it 's not official yet , but I be wonder if I could get a copy of the employment contract for the new position you offer I ? mr. jack the assistant manager 's position ? stephanie yes . see , one of my family member be have a little emergency which require I to get they a immediate loan -- mr. jack -- Stephanie ... there 's a problem . the mcpherson deal be cancel last night . stephanie what ? 1 mr. jack yeah , right after I inform the main branch that we have this big loan pend , , I find out that they just make they deal over at first National . I get a call in to see , what exactly happen but right now this do not look too good for you or I . so this assistant manager promotion have be delay . in fact , I think that with everything that 's be happen , I be gonna have to give that job to stu. Stephanie be devastate . stephanie stu . I see . Mr. jack see tear begin to well up in she eye . 68 . mr. jack I be sorry . look . if you have get family problem . maybe you should take the day off and sort they out . Stephanie node and exit the bank . int . stephanie's kitchen - day close shot - the wall clock as it tick away the second . close shot - the inadequate pile of cash that site atop Stephanie 's Kitchen table . close shot - a despondent stephanie stare down at the cash . her mouth mechanically open to accept a large serve spoon of Rocky Road ice cream which she eat directly from the one gallon tub . the door bell ring . a moment later Ray walk in .. Stephanie stand , surprised . ray . I pay rham jas stephaine but I think you do not believe ... ray ' I do not . but you do . I know this be important for , you . she embrace he . ext . pasadena house - dusk a old pasadena home site alone atop a hill . Ray 's car drive up , park . stephanie be you come in ? 69 . ray T I want to but rham jas say non believer be not welcome . I still do not like this . stephanie I know how crazy this must seem . but it will all be over after this I swear to you . he nod . she kiss he . stephanie I will call you when it 's do . ray I will be wait . stephanie we will laugh about it on the train , tomorrow . ray t yeah . Stephanie step from the car . Ray drive off . she turn to face the old house . int . old pasadena house - study - dusk milo , a thirty year old , hungarian man , lead Stephanie into a large room with -tall , teak bookshelve and indian tapestry that adorn the wall . rham jas be seat in a wicker chair , ' speak with someone obscure by shadow ... rham jas miss Brown . allow I the pleasure of a introduction ... a woman rise from the shadow . rham jas . shaun San dena the eighty year old woman smile a toothless smile to Stephanie . 70 . rham jas shaun San dena be a experience 41 medium . furthermore , she have a personal knowledge of the lamia . shaun san dena I first encounter this spirit forty year ago in a small village outside of bucharest . stephanie and ...? shuan san dena I lose a young boy 's soul to the beast . stephanie that 's reassure . shaun san dena I be an. inexperienced seer then . I have learn much since that woeful day . I have wait this long year for a chance at redeem myself . a chance to destroy the foul thing . tonight my chance will come . but to summon it , I will need you help . stephanie I will do whatever it take . and the sooner the better . shaun san dena we business must wait till darkness fall . enough time for tea . int . great room - night a ceiling twenty foot high , with massive window cover by dark burgundy drape . a ornate crystal chandelier hang above a round table in the room 's center . Stephanie , rham jas , shaun San dena and milo , be finish they tea . shaun san dena my late husband , sandor , be also a medium . he choose this site to build the 'house upon because he sense certain energy that intersected here ... ( more ) 71 . shaun san dena ( cont would ) he know I would sense he spirit in this place as I have sense other . it be to be we way of be together after he die . in earlier time it be a sacred place to the tuanteteck indian . and they storey tell that the place be a burial ground of the " old one " that inhabit the earth before they . here , there be a particular alignment of energy . a confluence , that allow doorway to be open . through which , we might pass . rham jas ' and through which , other might pass into we world . milo remove the tea . shaun san dena it be time for we to begin . shaun San dena turn out the electric light , leave only the table ' candlelight for illumination . we hear the bleat of a goat . Stephanie startles . milo reenter the room pull a black goat along by a chain . the goat catch sight of Stephanie . it bleat in fear and attempt to run . but milo hold it fast and tether it to a post . he move to the table and lift a velvet cloth revealing a large cattle slaughtering blade . shaun san dena Lord Jesus bless this knife and allow it to do you holy work . she make the sign of the cross . she pour a .vial of holy water over the blade . she turn to Stephanie . shaun san dena once the spirit have enter I , place my hand upon the animal . do you understand ? stephanie yes . 72 . shaun san dena I will force the spirit of the lamia into the goat . milo , that 's when you strike . Stephanie blanch but remain silent . shaun san dena we must all .be receptive . shaun San dena begin to intone a romanian gypsy chant . Stephanie lean close to speak quietly with rham jae . stephanie what do I have to do ? rham jas you must allow the darkness in . you must invite the dead to co-mingle with you spirit .. stephanie I be scared . rham jas yes . now repeat this word ... I welcome the dead into my soul ... rham jae wait for Stephanie 's response . she 's shift in she seat uncomfortably . stephanie I welcome the dead into my soul ... rham jas you must believe it ! Stephanie take a deep breath and they begin the chant again . this time , , together . ram jaas stephanie I welcome the dead into my I welcome the dead into my soul ... soul ... Stephanie look around the darken room . shadows from the candle dance upon the wall . 73. shaun san dena I sense something here with we . rham jas yes . the parlor 's crystal chandeleir tinkle . a tea cup and saucer tremble for a moment . Stephanie 's eye search the room . something unseen emit a wheeze breath ... we hear footstep as something walk on the ceiling above they . a man' loud laughter echoe about the room . shaun san dena it be not the lamia . it be the spirit of some unsettle soul from 1 year ago ... the unsettle one wait near the door . the pitcher of water upon the table be drain . then the water be spat out in a stream at milo ' face . the man' laughter again . shaun san dena be go , foolish spirit ! there be a howling of wind and the room be again quiet . shaun san dena show yourself lamia . we invite you into we circle . quiet . Stephanie look about . nothing seem to be happen . shaun san dena he 's come ... 74 . a faint sound . scratch . scratch . the scratching of fingernails on wood . a sound that Stephanie 's hear before . it grow louder , more distort . scratch scratch ! Stephanie grip the table . and just when the scratching SOUND be deafen ... all become silent . Stephanie hold she breath . a wind whip up in the room send papers whirling about , . yet all the window be close . shaun San dena 's eye roll up into she head . she emit a low and powerful moan . her head slump onto she shoulder . then she straighten with a new vigor . Stephanie and rham jas watch as she lip move rapidly and a garble sound come out of she throat . she speak in a strange and incomprehensible tongue . rham jas who now inhabit the body of shaun San dena ? shaun san dena ( demonic voice ) lamia ... rham jas nod discreetly to milo who quietly uncover the slaughtering blade . rham jas . lamia , what be it that you desire ? shaun San dena 's chair abruptly spin about to face Stephanie . the mouth jerk open and close as if control by a bad puppeteer . then , out of . sync , the demonic voice be heard : shaun san dena ( demonic voice ) the soul of Stephanie brownl we will feast upon it , as she fester in the gravel 4 75 . stephanie it be my manager , Jim jack . he be the one ! he -- rham jas silence ! lamia , please , surely we can dissuade you from take this insignificant woman ? surely she 's not worthy of you greatness . the possess shaun San dena laugh . shaun san dena ( demonic voice ) no ! I will enjoy watch she skin blister and pop in hell 's flame . I come for she ! Stephanie quickly grab shaun San derna 's hand and place it on the goat 's head . shaun San dena 's eye clear for a moment as she struggle to regain control . now there be two spirit battle within she . she attempt t to force the spirit of the lamia from she body and into the goat . the goat bleat and buck wildly as the spirit be transfer . milo raise up the slaughtering blade . shaun san dena ( demonic voice ) no! you -- goat ( demonic voice ) -- trick I ! the possess goat emit a terrible cry ! the bone chill shriek of lamia ! it 's oval eye reflect the blade as it descend toward it . the possess goat jerk aside and the blade miss , slice into the chair . as milo raise the blade for another blow , the goat bite he hand . in that moment , the spirit of the lamia be transfer to he . a possess milo scream and spin toward Stephanie , glaring at she with black goat eye . he shout at she in a gibberish of tongue ! his body jerk up into the air . he dance a jig atop the table , now laugh uncontrollably . t 76 . Stephanie watch in horror . rham jas lamial I command you to leave this -- a chair sail through the air and shatter across rham jas ' back , knock he to the ground . milo ' body be hurl up against the chandelier , shatter it . Glass rain down upon stephanie. on the ceiling , milo be spun . about like a pin wheel . Stephanie race for the door but a .huge bureau lurch in front of she , block she path . rham jas rouse a stunne shaun San dena . rham jas you must banish the spirit ! shaun San dena place she hand on she aye , then over she heart and chant a ancient gypsy incantation up toward milo . milo shriek . a white vapor stream from he body as the lamia be tear from he . milo ( in he normal voice ) stop the chant . I beg you ! but shaun San dena only chant louder . milo scream grow more intense as-his body spasm in pain . Stephanie grasp at shaun San dena . stephanie for god 's sake , stop the chant , it 's kill he ! rham jas push she aside . rham jas you must not stop ! a withere pair of hand reach down from above and clutch at Stephanie 's face ! it be Mrs. ganush that now float above she ! her long yellow fingernails scratch at Stephanie 's skin . 4 77 . milo / mrs . ganush make she stop , you dirty pork queen ! stephanie no ! get she off ! Mrs. ganush grab at Stephanie 's head . Stephanie pull away but it cost she a clump of hair that Mrs. ganush rip from she head . Mrs. ganush open she mouth ... wide ... wider still ... she vomit out Stephanie 's dead cat . it land atop the table . Stephanie scream uncontrollably . shaun San dena , be tremble as she chant come to a climax . Mrs. ganush change back to the possess milo . the last of the white vapor be tear from milo body as the spirit of the lamia leave he . milo fall to the floor and all be quiet . a ashen face shaun San dena halt she chant . 10 stephanie be it go ? Stephanie notice that the cat have vanish . be it ever there ? rham jae kneel at milo ' side . he 's start to come around . milo stand , shake . the lamia be go . shaun San dena grab at she chest , struggle for breath . Stephanie rush over to steady she . stephanie let I help you ... shaun san dena my heart . shaun San dena collapse into Stephanie 's arm . rham jas move to assist she . they lower shaun San dana to the floor . rham jas milo , call a ambulance ! 0 78 . milo rush from the room to call for help ... rham jas check for a pulse . rham jas she 's not breathe . rham jas attempt to administer cpr to no avail . stephanie my god. my God ... he check she pulse one last time . the cpr be finally halt . rham jas close she eye , then touch she forehead , praying : rham jas gata , gata , para gata ... bodhi suaha . go , go , go beyond . go beyond the beyond . hail the goer . ext . pasadena house - night - later Stephanie and rham jas watch as paramedics load the cover body of shaun San dena into the ambulance . they close the door and drive away . stephanie it 's sad : rham jas yes . stephanie strange how thing work out . she wait year for another chance to overcome the lamia .. and finally she do . rham jas no. I be afraid you misunderstand . rham jas look at she with pity . stephanie what ? rham jas the , lamia can not 'be banish by a medium . this be we lesson tonight . I be sorry . 79 . stephanie 0 but I see she get rid of the thing ... rham jas no . you see she drive the lamia from the seance . that be all . it will be back . stephanie but then , what be I suppose to do ? rham jas shrug . he fish in he pocket for he car key . rham jas perhaps on this final evening , you should finish up the business of this world . for before the night be through , the lamia will come for the owner of the accurse object . stephanie's hand slowly emerge from she coat pocket . she study the thin brass button in she palm . 0 rham jas unless , of course ... you be no longer the owner . stephanie no longer the owner ? I do not understand . rham jas reach into he coat pocket and remove a blank envelope . he place the button within and seal it . rham jas the lamia come for the owner of the accurse object . just make a gift of it ... to demonstrate , he hand the envelope to Stephanie . rham jas .and you have give away the curse . 80 . stephanie why do not you tell I this before ?! rham jas because we be speak of murder . Stephanie look from the envelope contain the button to rham jas . she place the envelope carefully into the side ' pocket of she purse . rham jas try to conceal the sadness and fear he feel for she . rham jas whatever you decide , you have until sunrise . ' she nod goodbye as Ray 's car pull up . Ray open the door . for she and she get in . int . ray' BMW - night Ray and Stephanie drive through the quiet pasadena neighborhood . ray be it over ? Stephanie , stare at she envelope , think about tell he , then ... stephanie yes . it 's all over . Ray squeeze she hand . appreciate the two of they now more than ever . Stephanie scream as ... mrs. ganush .appear in the headlight , stand on the road before they ! Ray hit the break . the car screech to a halt ! Stephanie 's purse with the envelope and . some of Ray 's papers fall to the floor . ray be you okay ? Stephanie nod , catch she breath . 81 . ray R that guy come out of nowhere . Stephanie look to the figure in the road . Mrs. ganush be go . in she place be a old man who mutter angrily at they and move on . ext . stephanie's house - night -- later ray' BMW pull up and Stephanie get out . ray be you 'still okay about the Santa Barbara trip ? stephanie yes , everything 's fine . ray okay . we train leave tomorrow morning . Seven a.m. when do you want I to pick you up ? stephanie it 's better if we meet at the D station . there 's something I have get to do on the way . Stephanie suddenly ' clutches at she purse . the envelope be go ! stephanie wait ! where 's my envelope ? ray what envelope ? she open the car door and frantically rummages around the floor , through Ray 's papers . stephanie it 's get to be here ! then , Stephanie come upon something under the seat . she smile and stand . a white envelope hold tightly in she hand . stephanie get , it . 0 82. ray tomorrow 's gonna be a new start for , we . do not be late . they kiss and Ray drive off . int . denny' restaurant - night a wall clock the time be 1:30 a.m. stephanie drink coffee and stare at the white envelope that 's tuck into the side pocket of she purse . she scan the patron and consider give it to each of they , then one by one , reject the idea . a waitress come by , remove a dirty dish and refill she coffee . stephanie banana Boat sundae . waitress another one ? Stephanie nod absently . the waitress exit . the wall clock the time be now 2:15 a.m . a withered old man site alone at a table in a wheelchair . a portable oxygen cylinder , supplying he with air . stephanie take a deep breath , stand and walk to he table . stephanie I wonder if you could help I out ? the Old man look up , see she desperation . 83. old man 0 yeah ? stephanie I just need you to hang on to this envelope for I . just until tomorrow . she extend the envelope to he . he hesitates . old man what 's this all about ? stephanie just take the envelope and I will explain . please . the Old man consider . he reach for the envelope when a old woman , he wife , hobble toward the table . the Old man help she sit and put away she cane . they turn to Stephanie who withdraw the envelope . stephanie never mind . Stephanie return to she seat , ashamed at what she almost do . she return the envelope to the purse pocket , rack she brain , try to think of some way out of this . her gaze land upon a stack of newspaper on the next table . she grab the paper and find the obituaries . close on the newspaper : mrs . ganush obituary : a photo of the old woman . the location of the burial be list : oakwood cemetary . Stephanie rip the list from the paper and rush from the restaurant . int . rham jas ' house - back room - night Stephanie , light by a barren light bulb , pace the room . rham jas in he pajamas , study a old leather bound text . stephanie well ? be it possible ? 0 fa 84 . he close the book and give it some think . rham jas there be gypsy blessing that be bestow upon the dead ... and the gypsy give gift to they depart to curry favor with the decease soul . yes . I do believe you could give the curse to someone who have pass on ... for truly , the soul never die . int . stephanie's car - night close on stephanie as she drive we hear the voice over from the precede scene : rham jas ( v.0 . ) . but you must make a formal gift of the curse object to the decease . stephanie ( v.0 . ) formal gift ... ? car headlight sweep over she grim face . she finger the envelope , then glance to the seat next to she ... a shovel . rham jas ( v.0 . ) give it to the corpse personally . put it in they hand ... they ' pocket ... stephanie ( v.0 . ) oh , I will do better than that ... camera move in tight . stephanie . I will shove it down she goddamn throat . she zip up she raincoat . something flit past the window . too.quick to.see . then it reappear . it 's Mrs. ganush 's hankie . it.flies against Stephanie 's windshield and get catch on the wiper blade . Stephanie gasp . it flap in the wind , block she view . Stephanie hit the wiper button . the hankie be yank - back and forth across the windshield . T 85 . she turn up the wiper speed . no sooner be it knock loose than it 's whisk into the driver 's side window . it slap over Stephanie 's eye , plaster there by the 'wind ! the car swerve . her car crash into a tree . long shot - crashed car Stephanie pull herself from the crash . she glance up to a flash of lightning . it illuminate : the wringht iron gate of the oakwood cemetery . a hill of tombstone beyond . ext . oakwood cemetery - rainy night a light drizzle fall as Stephanie 'search the graveyard for the burial place of Mrs. ganush . she carry the shovel defensively , ready to swat at anything that might leap out at she . she stop before a freshly dig grave . a temporary marker read the name . " sylvia ganush " . she 's scared now , not sure if she can really go through with it . a church bell toll five time . there 's no time to think about it . Stephanie look around to make sure no one be watch , then start to dig . dissolve to : later - it 's raining harder . the hole Stephanie dig be now several foot deep . clunk : the shovel have hit the bury coffin . the rain intensify . dissolve to : later - mud be pour down the side of the grave . in the bottom of the pit Stephanie have unearth the simple pine casket . she jam the shovel blade between two board and pries off the coffin' top and shove it aside . a lightning flash illuminate the corpse . Mrs. ganush 's white eye be open and stare at Stephanie . Stephanie stow she fear and pull the white envelope from she coat . 16 40 86 . stephanie I be give it back to you . she grab Mrs. ganush 's hand and try to get she clench fist to open , but rigor morris have lock it shut . Stephanie pull with all she might , cause ... mrs . ganush corpse to lurch up and out of the coffin . her dead arm , throw forward from the momentum , wrap around Stephanie . Stephanie scream ! the withere face leer ! Stephanie push the corpse away from she and the lifeless body fall back into the mud . stephanie you will take it , all right ... she pick up the shovel and jam the blade into the old woman 's mouth , wedge it between she tooth . she pries the jaw open . mud and rivulet of water begin pour down into the grave from all side . the body of Mrs. ganush be quickly be re-bury . stephanie I , Stephanie Brown , do hereby make a formal gift of this button to you , sylvia ganush . she jam the white envelope down the old woman 's throat . stephanie choke on it , bitch . she kick the old woman 's jaw .. it snap shut , trapping the envelope between she break tooth . muddy water cascade down into the grave , flow over mrs.. ganush 's face . it cover everything , except the jutting envelope and a single , stare white eye . Stephanie try to climb out but the wall be too slick . she grab at a clump of sod at the top of the hole but it tear away , unleash a avalanche of mud that bury she up to she armpit . the head of mrs . ganush bob up , through the mud . the Old woman be grin , with the envelope still jamme between she tooth . 87 . long shot - the grave Rivers of muddy water now pour in from every direction . it have become the drain hole of the cemetery . the influx of mud push the old woman corpse against Stephanie . her grin face lead mashed against Stephanie 's cheek . Stephanie 's scream be cut short as she and Mrs. ganush disappear beneath the mud . the only sound be the pitter - patter of rain . camera start to pull away when ... stephanie's hand rip up through the mud , grasp the tree root . stephanie's head break the surface of the mud , suck in air . she claw she way out , then stagger away , through the pour rain . dissolve to : int . stephanie's house -- bathroom - pre-dawn stephanie step from the shower , quickly towel she hair . she stop for a moment and study herself in the mirror . she have survive . the phone ring in the bedroom ; the machine pick up . mr. jack ' voice Stephanie . it 's jim. Jim jack . sorry I be call so early -- but last night I find some troubling information about we friend stu rubin ... dissolve to : ext . CITY STREET - pre dawn a clean up Stephanie , she hair still wet from the shower , drive the empty morning street . a smile slowly come to she face as we hear the rest of Mr. Jack 's message : 88. mr. jack ' voice apparently he steal you file on 4 the mcpherson loan and then try to broker he own deal at first Federal . I guess he think we would not find out . when I confront he he break down cry and well , we will not be see he around anymore . ext . train station - parking lot - pre dawn the Eastern sky be grow brighter . Stephanie 's car pull into the lot . she remove a week end bag from she trunk and walk briskly toward the station . mr jack ( v.o . ) it look like the loan 's come back to we . and I just want you to know that come Monday morning , that assistant manager 's position will be wait for you . int . train station - grand entrance - pre dawn Stephanie be smile as she enter the station . a mrs . field representative hold a platter of freshly baked cookie and offer free sample to passersby . one be offer to Stephanie . she politely decline as she walk past with a bounce in she step . int . train station - clothing boutique she stop at the window , admire a coat on display . she glance down at she own coat . Notes the miss button . with distaste . Inside , a saleswoman be prepare to open the shop . Stephanie tap on the window , shout through the glass : stephanie hey ! good morning . no 4 89 . the saleswoman open the door a crack . t saleswoman I be sorry , we be not open yet . stephanie please . I know what I want . that coat in the window . the saleswoman consider . stephanie my boyfriend and I be take a very special trip this morning . Stephanie 's smile be bright . her joy be contagious . the saleswoman relent and let Stephanie in . ext . train station - train platform - dawn moment before sunrise , the sky be streak red . Ray wait on the train platform , clutching two ticket and a small garment bag . behind he , other passenger arrive . from he pocket , he remove a velvet case . he open it and peek t inside a diamond ring . he stow it back in he pocket . he look for Stephanie . then , he face brighten as Stephanie emerge from the crowd , radiant in she , new coat . stephanie Ray ! Ray embrace she and grab she luggage . a train whistle sound as the train approach . ray be everything okay ? stephanie great . ray I be so glad you be here . there 's so much I have be meaning to tell you . 0 she take he hand . 0 90 . stephanie but let I say this first while I have it straight in my head . you never stop believe in I . I will try and live up to that . they share a intimate moment . a romantic kiss . he break off and smile . ray do I tell you , you look great ? stephanie thanks . Stephanie model she new coat . stephanie you like it ? it 's brand new . ray what would you do with you old coat ? just the mention of it , make she face darken . stephanie I get rid of it . I never want to see it again . ray too bad , ' cause I just find this . Ray produce the envelope . and from it , withdraw ... the curse button ! camera race into a huge close up of the button with a terrible clashing of symbol !. Stephanie can not breathe . ray yeah , it be in my car . hey , have you see my indian head nickel ? I put it in a envelope just like this one . Stephanie stare at the button , shaking she head in disbelief . the rumbling of the approach train build on the sound track . 4 91 . ray what ? what be it ? she back away in horror , but Ray follow she with the button still in he hand . the rumbling grow louder . she 's back up toward the edge of the platform . ray Stephanie . stop ! Ray step forward , still hold out the button . Stephanie shriek as she fall backwards , off the platform and onto the track . in she last moment of life , she turn she head to see ... the oncoming train Racing at she ! through the swirl smoke , the engine 's mechanical face , resemble the goat like face of the demon lamia . it vomit steam as it angrily bare down upon she . the train whistle shriek ! Stephanie recognize the sound . it 's a cry she 's hear before . in every door creak ... in every cold night wind ... a haunt , soulless sound ... the cry of lamia . Ray race to the edge of the platform . the two lover 's eye find each other one last time . Stephanie scream as the lamia swallow she and pull she down into hell . the people on the platform believe they have witness a train accident but Ray know the truth . he look to ... the button still in he hand . camera move closer on ray 92 . a look of dread . finally , he believe . the end