dressed to kxlll by Brian De palma leg ne rh he wee T ee Pag oer 1 int : room - bight axtremb close up a straight razor move back and forth acrog a razor a stxaight razor shave upper and lower lip . & | i | z barrene C leave cheek , cazoc shave chin , 8 up throat atowach . a straight razor shave pubic hair . I close up by leok down . over naked pubic area . g kh close up eye close . 0s rnr cento orono sen ore eran ar a contd 2 a stxaight vazor jerk con below frame , . extreme close up blood 's cuT to : ext : CITY strset ~ nv ht ay wlance scxeem covwn a dark city street . a medicine cabinet door ceckive exe . wily sepa aste on hit she husband brown halx .. kate he wtual shave position directly in ont of thea sink . he take he straight razor . kate finishes brush bex take off she night - gown and stop into the st ex directly behind hec huskhand , mike start shave . kate tavn on the wahex , adjust the temperature and islet ere Ire lor main sear rout ait sali ae do renae rater dt sorloter men satenrtprrnrce ofs i & 2 q i '' contd 3 step under the hot spray . she pick up a bar of soap from the soap @ish and slowly move it across she body . the billow steam from the het water fill the stall , make mike barely visible as kate turn to face he through the glass door . suddenly kate be embrace from behind . she try to ery out but a hand be clamp across she mouth , she feel a man 's breath hot on she neck , he hard cock press against she wet ass . he 's move it up between she leg . kate gasp for breath , bite down hard on the hand grip across : she mouth , Hut the will not be stop and kate be force to lift she leg higher , to the ridge on the tile fleor , allo the man behind she to slip he cock into she . kaye jock wildly at mike but he 's still st ing cowplhetely unavare of what 's happen to she . tically at the hand clamp across she mouth , but the man will not let she go , and now it do not matter bscause kate feel he cock grow harder and harder , pu geeper and higher into she with each move of she struggle , and it do not matter anymore she 's be fuck in the shower by a wadwan xight in front of she husband because it feel so unbelievably good . her excit not be wild , out of control , as she Zinally manage ¢o pull he hand away from she mouth and out in a spasm of pleasure , cur to : ts vee tee ap oee ! mpm pasi 16 nee ur anpp RI meet Ie arne eagan see eneene rt & é # 5 . & & 3 & m2 oa fett lee as epo ren lt ml redroom ~ morning ghat 's the I you vere woaniag and toss . she eye , realize she 's be dream , and he kiss kate respond the moxn sun stream fox tha Light sionate moan , she lightly en '' serenity to angry frustration . brilliantly perforn fake ne down and touch hec groin . har Big mike have give kate she weokiy fuck and , as usual , walk be not go to come too easy she use to complain about it until she ing hec sore . it take a big hard ke you sore . what else could a voman want ? s$ gut of bed , pull on a robe , and ieave the boro 5 int : peter be room - morning kate open the door and look inside . peter '' hove 's fifteen year Son , be hunchad over he desk hold & with fatigue as he stare intently into the gut of some intricate electronic shine . kate Peter you have to be ready ina half a hour . ready for what ? 4 5 a j t t smoking solder troa . his tired '' yo £ z i a é $ valve gol and then kh and grandnom . this thing . kate Peter -~ we make this dete last week . peter I know , but I be way het sett err otgasre : goat metreb ne sets schedule . to he . kate 2 Peter -- have you be '' p all oig tee rta bapta esf : ye sne ori sie ey ET aee MI rma 5 contd 6 peter reat nom , I have get to get my exhibit finish . the science fair be next week . kate Peter ~- put that thing down and look at I . ne reluctantly put the solder iron down and look at he mother . kate ( contd ) now we make a little deai , do not wea ? you know I be vecy proud and excited about you project , bub I do n'® want you work all night on it , peter I be sorry mom , but this be the most incredible thing I have ever build . it carry . kate i i i : 1 i ' ; * ' be i a = : : } : carry what ? pp binary nunber , Fe can hold up to a 20 digit figure . ssr ae mae ae ise come i aaa rsg seer sei renee tain acy : 5 coxtd kate ( not understanding 4 | word she wiz kid son | . - i E theught you . rt hold both , it can ce both , and that 's nea , shexgt not a wit iy bank . I rake that kate lar fy amis tie ST peter . what ave you well you know , en you invent or discover something ~~ you get to neme lt -- like ah , ah-a con ee cea crite sir terme nls TIS riod sar aem bn pron ane nara pang mere item rts ioi ng drausy ee ee dntin pae fns ered eon creed | contd peter but he be a general , what be he do with pastry ? kate ( very dead pan ) you can not fight battle all the time . so napoleon baked as a kind of relaxation . peter c'mon mom -- be you serious ? kate you just ask you history teacher . sure and get laugh right out of class , anyway -- napoleon do not think up a name -- he just name it after himself ~-- big deal . kate ( start to smile ) I guess he be not much in the imagination department . but seriously Peter -- no more ail nighter , ( reluctantly ) oxay mom , ~ ae - ler aa en oar rdp ete cu rane ot FIRE et seera con ae ENE CUR serene eo TI ror og oe hrca nena oenris ero td st kate ( look over the @eskful of electronic equipment ) b t be this thing call anyway ? peter ( very seriously } a Peter of course . tha cr be a a bh al over get finish . kate ( smile ) okey . I be go to let you stay no enon ane here teday , but only if you promise not to with rk all night , pete i promise , Hom , thanks , p's office - day a crh poll up and kate step out . shet dress in a ive two piece Light grey suit and , though @ , it do not show she body off to any age , she walk up step of a four-story red iniiide and go inside . pylove ~ day a vane plate over a button , the name read nap , kate press the button , she turn 's the font &sor knob . the door buzze and kate enter the hallway . 19 8 int : hallway ~ day dr , bellnap open the door . he be a dark haire , tall , lean man in he late forty , with angular feature but a warm , open smile , dr , bellnap good to see you kate . Mary 's on vacation , so I have to he my own receptionist , wow be I do ? a a ENE neh pane ns sere aee kate great , but be you go to I wait today ? to the museum carly so I can he out of there by twelve , dr . gelelnap the doctor will he right with you , 3 int ; dr . bellnap' office ~ day informal and casual but not disorder , kate seat in a huge comfortable armchair next to dr . belunap 's desk , dr , bellwap sit opposite she in a high back rock chair . dr . bellnap so what 's happen ? kat fiat snore leeson UI re nese dsrna ose soe een rstad ocnerea en noe une eg manatee nothing much -- my mother 's dcive I crazy as usnal . err en Rt atetec k iee cs ae prr rr emerer DI = eris ! m eho '' a pre ea CRRA ronan EL arrrg aat ton or | | contd il dr . bellnap do you talk to she ? kate yeah , she 's hint around about surprising I for my birthday . dr . bellnap she 's go to come up from Florida ? kate that 's the surprise , dr . bellnap how do you feel about see hex ? kate well , I feel '' should want to se@ she . Christ , it 's be 6 month since we be down there , but she will just cuin my birthday and it 's my dey , not hers . dr . bellwap well , tell she not to come . rate I can not do that , and let 's not forget it 's a surprise . and anyway , it 's not she -- I just do not feel up to it , or she , or just anything . dr , bellnap how be thing . go with Mike ? v contd 12 '' ka Fine . no , they be not fine . . what a dumb word that be . ne ham / bang give I one of he + jal this morning and I be ead at he , xfs not that right ? should not X be mad ? dr . belinap do yau teli he ? kate dr . bel nap '' hat you be mad at he . kave 3 @ not -- to groan with be at he torch - vhat a man want dr . I do not know -- ig it ? ( snap at he ) do not start that stuff with I . dr . belt . nap do not you think you would feel better if you yell ab Mike ee tee reer neta poy aeon oneenenn nee 9 contd remremmunemiet : \camreatann nite for | i i | | i i dr . bellnap stop apologize and tell Mike he make you mad , kate I shovld tell he he stink in bed -- right ? dr . bellnap do he ? kate dr , bellnap shen tell he , kate ctnon , phat vould really finish we , dr . belelnap well , do you think it 's golag to get any better if you do not say something ? kate no , dr . bellnap then you better find some gentle vay to tell he , kate maybe somothing 's wrong with I . dr . bellnap there 's nothing wrong with you , 13 9 coutd kate do you think I be attractive ? dr . bellnap yes. kate would you want to sleep with I ? dr . bellnap aace ol ntn cerin a . yes , kate ocouch he hand ) then why co not you ? dr . bellnap because , I 'in marry and I love ny wife and sleep with you be not worth jeopardize my imaxydage . , be it worth it to you tc joopardise yours ? kate ' I do not know ~~ I guess not . dr . bellnap then talk to mike. oa ext : museum = day kawb walk inside . dissolve to : ~- day be kill the morning . she sit before a large eau in the modern Museum check she date book . rn fhe ee or sre I ober rear ah oored remi ree p ncce nmr I esa a sl mis peer be pae contd e wy 15 we see she have a lunch appointment at one with mike and she motrer -in - law , she look at she watch -~ it 's . eleven , she get up , put the book in she purse , and start wander aimlessly through the museum hall . of it be a weekday morning , she find hexself prackically alone except for the occasional art snd for . fora while kate find she stroll to be peaceful -- she know par raeaptegne nmctarsein bln a hrs srr aomori mred be eme EST the museum 's permanent collection well and it 's like pass by a series of old fxiend , sate be not xa ly sure = sxe of the man follow ber , but 34 en he sit toun next to she in front of a larg Picasso , she 's covtain , her first impulse be to get up , ee eantnceeiam pome I nm a kate ( co herself ) re 's get a lot of nerve pick up such a cuspectsebly druss marry woman in the middle of the but then she think : kate ( conta ) ( to herself ) this be a public museum . I have as much right to sit on this hanch es he dce . let he take he eye off that Picasso and try something . / castcinanatuntyete muh pein laoreet nd bof cree a sap thtra nene ey ee ath rare arrear pm RA ne { i i i i i | t ' i } £ uw 2s iramemecammensecose 56 oie re int aged asr contd 46 kate be surprised at - she anger , it come easily to she here -- " lay one finger .on she and she would start swinging . Bout the man do not take he eye off the painting . he just sit there stare -- hardly move , hardly breathe even . this get kate even madder . kate ( contd ) ( to herself ) what 's so interesting about that painting ? this make she look harder at it . kate ( contd ) {to herself ) be it that much more interesting than I ? une pan ste & re straight ahead , somshow in a brazen 2 toher question . she want to confront he with she isost seductive feature ) , but that would be lose , give in , it ig like a stare contest except they ce not stare at each other , she will wait , then , he will make he move . and then . and then she will reject he , make he feel like the pig he be . how dare he try to pick she up . do not he realize she 's xcied ? then she remember she have glove on , he can nor see she wedding ring . she start to take they off , suddenly the man get up and leave , kate freeze -~ she glove half off . ' i { i a i i | i t ) i il contd 1 ? kate ocont ) ( to hersel£ ) . E will not look . but the depart footstep be too much , she quickly toco in the direction of the sound , they be go . she 's go , she turn back to the painting , kate ( contd } {to herself ) at 's the mather with mo ? he gidatt even look at ime . she hastily get up , drop she glove to the floor , she goee not notice itand start walk in the dixection ops . kate ( contd ) ( to hersel£ ) of wont e follow hint dowaik back past the } nting , almost glove . she still do not see it , she leave the room , back tracking on the printing she 's just see , she stop again , kate ( contd ) ( to herself } i've just see this painting . thy do '' have to sce they again ? she walk S back to the gallery she just leave . she walk hack to the beach that she and the man just sit on . SE pan down past she to the £loor . the glove be go , + ae ener eg sc hn ab m U 1h ccontd 18 she come into the adjacent room . ' the wan be not there . she slow down and start look '' at the painting on the wall . they do not interest hex but she 's afraid to . rush on to the next room . he might be there . and think she 's follow he . she smile to she she would not go near he with a tan - foot pole . she 's here to look at painting , that 's all . pariod . but kate be too agitate and decide to go to she for favocite gallery and sit down . it 's a room bound on one side with a floor - to - ceiling glass window that overlook the museum 's in the center of the room be a large , square , backless couch , on the wall be two huge painting of Monet 's " '' datexclily . " kate enter the room and sit on the couch , a young japanese couple be take photograph of the sculpture garden below , kate be annoyed by they presence and really only relax when they be yore . this be hex room , she 's spend nany heura hore alone stare into the '' Waterlily " and think ebout ... well , just about everything . it 's a room to clear she mind , it remind she of quaker meeting she have to attend in prep school . once a week for one hour the whole school would meet in the gyn and sit in silence . at first she could not stand it but over the year she get use to it and finally even look forward to it . when she leave school for college , marriage , and suburbia , she miss that weekly silence until she lf yn a anp rs fora qe pe etre toner aral bs mre il contd 13 discover the waterlily room in the dead of the morning , she be hardly ever disturb and find peace there , qor be like she own personal church , tha man come into the room.and . walk straight toward he be hold something in he hand and smile . stiffen . wow could he come in here ? what nerve ! ila 's not even pretend he do not notice I anymore ~~ he 's cone right at I ! kate look back at the p ting . the peace in the waterlily be go . ' they look like ad enlor swirl around in a whirlpool . she can foel the pressure of he body sink into the coceh as he sit dewn next to she . man Excuse I , be ... = jtep to she foot and abruptly exit the room yout look khack . ( to herself ) Excuse inal who think . what kind of a line be that ? he sound wear like a waiter than some stud try to pick she up . what gall ! what colossal gall ! she think ahout say something about it to one of the museum guard shea k walk past on she way out of the gallery . what the fuck be they for anyway ? to protect the ngs or ue ? they should not allow man like that to prowl around the museum , what would happen to some young girl who dida‘tt know how to handle herself ? i contd 20 just about then kate realize she do not have she leave hand glove on . it strike she as she place ? she leave hand on the cold glass of the revolve door . she stop and step back from the door lead onto 53rd Street and try to be bec where she Las lose ner glove , the sight of she wadding ring as she meditatively stroke she uppor lip bring the place instantly to mind , the bench where that man sit down next to hert i tuen on she heel kaze with upstair , in front of the kate fine nothing , then 's the man , the man walk thing in he hand . hex glove ! he have find she glove and be just return it to she , " Excuse I , be this youc glove ? '' thai 's all he vas go to say . and she '' walk away from he like he vas a 1 now xude ! how terribly rude ! she have to find he «nd apoluyise . but where be he ? kate stact search through the gallexy for the man . kate {to herself ) what wust he think of I ? E could not have act sillier . like some school . girl scared of she own shadow . maybe I ( more ) rag naib enngte vate not etn tail ab ane tat ee repaint ce a hnkyrih act 8 the | a eo tb al kate ( contd ) could ask he out for a drink and explain . that 's the least I could do . the St. regis be xight around the corner . my God ! what 's the matter with I . inviting a strange man to a hotel . what will he think ? i ? jut he be nowhere to be find . he be not in the perimanent i eolinetion ; he isntt on the main floor ; he be not in the '' m m ox restaurant ; and he be not in the photograph jon in the basement , that leave -- the member cioh , the mens room , and the movie . Three possibility th no possibility of find he , and have miss the movie , no resicn to find he er she glove . the museum exit . '' at she single glove hand , she feel even sillier . she pull the remain glove off and throw it in a trash can outside the door . it be just then she see { vim wave she lose glove at she from a cab across the stvert . she rush to he , leave the other glove behind , 3 ewp : cab ~ day she step in the cab . he shut the door and kiss she fully on the mouth . there 's a hunger in he kiss that kas xespond to ~~ and she kiss he back -- hard . SE a er tse AG seenon can ptrcwey of olsen sore re dope ee Te sens ets a nce nen ? scene it espace cake £ 2 UN wire a aa at sens nan orr , elh ir ee no pi nrg anne pe tem a mrr mce ET rm nms 13 14 contd 22 ww the cab start off , command to a destination that only ! he know . ext : STREET - day a blonde wear large sunglass that ohscure she face vateh kate 's cab drive of £ , she rush into the street inp : cab ~ day Inside the move cab the kiss do not stop . fot fact , the man have he hand up undec kate 's skirt . she do not sosist . wis finger ere soft and gentle and slip easily n she leg . slovly , celentl sly , they caress she clitoris , force kate to rp vad she leg wider , to give they complete ace 's to she . she slip down on the seat until she head rest on the tipholster door handle , she ree nore lo be uncomfortable but she cantt feel anything but he waxm mouth and this flnger move around and up and to work she underpant off and down hee lee until they fall to the cab floor . then he atly sit hay back up on the seat , face forward ! like nothing have happen . but something have happen . xave can feel the cold leather of the seat press against she naked ass , then he drop he head from tha kiss and disappear under she skixt , when he warm tongue tuuches she deep inside she gasp and grab the lack of he s@ and p hes on he , if she have dare to open she eye , kate might have worricd if the cab driver might turn around and wonder where he other eessenger be . kate could hardly show he . ep tert ast ae eth neal rn corral rro ot ar te ee ( i ccontd 23 but kate do not open she eye . it take all she concentration just to keep from scream , and then she do something she have never do before . she come . ext : apartment build ~ day the cab pull up and the man follow by kate get out . the doorman be help a old lady with she suit $ 2 gut into a cab . he do not notice they pass by he into the buside . dissolve tor ext : apartment build ~- night dissolve to night . Zoom into window . int : aparthwent - night kate open she eye , she 's in bed with beside she . shet exhaust by feel great , she lock over to the ba side table and see she watch and wedding ving . she pick up she watch , and see seven . a million thing race through he miss or do not do . she quietly get ont of bed , pick up hec clothes and go into the next room . tt 's a large live room expensively decorate in modern leather and stainless steel . she go over to the telephone that rest on a glass top desk and dial heme . mike answex the phone . mike hello ? kate hang up . what the nell be she go to say ? that she didatt meet he for lunch with he mother because i 2 4 i i k a | ; i : t z t i i } see ete gonial arene nanbin.ine a eae oon vermimcee nerpanbneeeraer arene tanaamemmmantn ? — rbritanattein D G cchtd she get pick up in the museum by a handsome strangex , that go down on she in a cab , and fuck she brain out until a little before seven ? . katz have to think . she strap on she watch and put on nex chethes . she can not find she underpant . she start back to the bedycom and then remember where she leave they . on the floor of the cab ! oh my God ! how be she cotiaug to go home without any underpant ! wis time to think but she do not have any time now . will be wonder where she be , 50 she have to get none . she ' i2 think of so hing to teii he on the train , put con she clothes and head for the SI she open it end then stop . she go to the desk , vt , and take gut a paper and pencil . & like some official foxm with a bunch of don it . she look fur 2r in the drawer and a@ blavk pad . she taaer off a piece of paper and I love the afternoon . maybe we will meet again , to sign she name but decide she do not like the note and tear it up . she take another blank £ papex exom the pad and start to write again : I 'l never foxyet we afternoon . aud think , look over at the form with the es . vhey axe all weman with they addre i a bd and phone nember . she look at the top of the list : ] york department of health 1 se nla rae crs onhnc ET anc marr itre aor no rene sulimse oem bren ka ue outi form 2005 - infectious venereal disease subject : warren lockman list of all sexual contact two week prior to infection . they hust be notified and examined for syphilis and gonorruea . , kate abruptiy stand up , she grasp she hand to she wouth to kesp from throw up . she race from the room . cur po : halluay oth ploor & go through the door end gown the hall to the elevator . she frantically press the button like she 's no puxsue by a madman . she eries out in frustration cg for the nar to-come . cor to : '' nen the elevatox finally arcive , kate step in the car . she hear the sound of footstep rush down the hall . the frantically push the '' close '' bu the dooxg shut before the person come down the hall can reach x . she be cry openly now and be thankful that no not be in the car to witness she shame . she push the boy button and the car descend . as she pull she gar off the button she realize she 's leave she wedding 3 on the bedside table , kate _ oh go : tere ure et tr re oe elaine coonan ne rs — ruste ditt serpent sana a sn no mn al ante em amour heong r68 mte 20 contd 26 her sob become uncontrollable as she push the button for the ninth floor . it have no effect on the far , it still continue downward . it stop on the sth floor . a little gixl and she mother get on . the elevator continue . lt stop on the lobby floor , the door open . CUT to : i8t : lob3y the little giyl and she mother get off . 's kate grind she tooth to stop cry . CUT ' ta ; kate push the tenth floar again . the door slowly wlose . the elevator return to the tenth floor . kate Christ almighty ! nhs ang stand before katz be the blonde sight cazor yaise high in the air , as rate a a < @ cs she face , the blonde slashes the paim of she hand , instinctively reacting , kate bring she bleed hand down to look at it . the blonde slashes kate 's eye . kate xeaches out for the close door . the blonde slashes kayte 's finger off . the door close as the blonde continue slashing . CUT to : int : apart np hallway - sth floor lns , en attractive , provocatively dress young girl of about 20 , push the elevator button . ted , a well dress ifty stand nervously behind she , ; eemevme see amnion { phos ccatewenaipern ee 23 24 n > '' 26 a ? CUT to : int ; elevator with kate 's last energy , she struggle to qet avay from the blonde . cut to : int : ualgway - sth floor liz and ted be still wait . cut to : tut rag avainst the wall . ser chest be slashed , and then the blonde stavis slitting hex drag , end sn she leg . cur to : ly - syh eluor ( 2 aud thd be '' snddenly the gooxr spxing the back wall of the énd dbieed . kate out for help and fall to the flcor , she bloody nding ont of the car anto the hallway floor , sh against the floor button panel of the car the blonde watch liz , reflect in the ceiling parabolic 3 move toward the fall woman . with one hand the bkeorde tightly grasp the bloody cazor and with the other she silently push the e ax button mark " loge . " 21 down ond take kate 's outstxetchad fly close on she arm , liz raise she hand to intercept they when the razor slashes down . l1e jevk hax hand back out of path of tha razor and look up contd 28 to see the blonde reflect in the clevator mirror . they exchange one brief shocked look . the razer clatter to the floor . the dgor clese . kate 's hand be tear from liz 's grasp as the blonde pull she back into the elevator . the goor shut completely . liz pick up the vazor to protect herself and turn axound for help . ted be go . a lady watch from a doorway . Liz call the police ! someone 's be kill ! the lady slam the door . liz turn back to the clevator . the door remain close . she drop the razor and vush fox the staix . int fere scair lyz cace to the lobby . cur to ; int : lobby ' liz rush through the empty lobby to the street . CUT to : ext : STREET liz seas boorman direct two mover to the service elevator , she race over to he . liz a woman 's be kill in the elevator ~~ get the police . cur to : | 31 ext : dr . abllunap' office - nicht 29 dr . lellnap walk into he office building . 4 cut td : un bad x bb luap *s office - reception desk - night beep -- Dr. bellnap , this be Lou frecdman ~~ I be still in Chicago : | 4 i 4 and will not be back in time for we appointment on feiday . I will give you a call on Monday . sit down at receptionist 's desk and open ha pick up a pencil and con 's friduy appointment . GE m ne ( contd ) baep -~ fobext , call geoxge +- I '11 be home over the weekend . beep «= ( hang up } ' beep ~~. ( hang wp ) beep -~ Dr , bellnap , this be bobbi , I know you will not want to see I anyinore after today so i'm go to have a session with you machine . ( initatiag bellnap ) what 's happen ? I be a girl inside a man 's body ( hore ) 32 contd 30 message machine ( conta ) and you be not help I get out . so X get a new shrink ~~ levy 's he name . but I be not finish with you . I boxrow you ~azor to do a Little operation of my own . I survive but you be not go to unless you tell levy I be okay , do not make I be a bad girl again . cur to : 23 int : gelinar' offtce - night nsn aa a a rr so iori E imap go through he office the cur tos la int : azhroom - night com adjoin he office , he tha cabinet , his rezor 's go , messagh nachine ( yo centd ) beep ~- this be dabective Snyder from the 13th precinct . one of you patient -~ a kate myar ~~ be kill yesterday . coulda you stop by the precince any time after two today . we have soue question I think you can halp we with , cur to ; ietmh bee a cg icra anal arlen eo nese Dee ia oui he , 22 9 % 9 4 a | . =z & 35 ext : detective division ~ night 31 establish shot of the detective division . - cur to : int : detective division - night liz sit with detective snyder go through book of mug ehot . petective snyder be in he mid-forty , es aana clr se sg sain on rrna a , enn rnr no nsaid he sped ena iyeier ff 36 contr heavy set , tough and cynical . chair against a wall . a uniform policeman to he . snyder yeah . belunap I be Dr. belinap . '' 4 gown . to he and si foxy a second , bhllnap Ace you kate myer ! son ? peter yeah , bellnap peter be slump ina dr . bellnap be ushere ' in by who point out detective snyder relenap walk over to he . the direction of peter . could he he kaye 4s son ? 32 bellnap walk bellnap look at the boy why do you have to he here ? pe ! er i make Mike briug I , the hody . Hom woulé not be dead if I have go with - she , fe meet no i ny oa ba SARA a et 4 i '' 4 | | 36 contd 33 bellnap oh -- itm Dr. bellnap , you mother 's doctor , you should not feel responsible for you mother 's death . peter stare straight ahead . bellnap ( contd} t£ you talk about it I may be able to help . peter {not look at Dr. bellnap ) do you know who kill she ? bellnap no , peter then you can not help . bellnap , neybe not now -~ but later if you want someone to talk to about all this ~- have you father ... peter {bitterly } he 's not my father ! my father be kill in Vietnam . i ! i 36 bellnap ( hand he one of he card ) just take this card , call I anytime , peter stuff the card into he jacket pocket and stare down at the floor , detective snyder walk over to saulnap , snyder ( indicate a glass - in office ) let 's talk in here , y walk away from prter into the office , shutting the ecor behing they . ks up and go over to the water cooler . he a cup of water , as he drink it he look over at dlfz . she slewly turn page of a mug shot book . no sign ef cegoynition on she face , peyer look from she to bellnap , he be talk to the deyective , peyer lcssly walk across the room and sit in a chair that lean against the glass of detective snyder n's office . he reach in he school bag and take out hing that look like a smail suction plug with a wire attach to it . pretend to tie he shoelace , he press the suction plug onto the glass . peter then x : 12 in to he bag and slip out a ear plug that 's connect to a amplifier hide in the bag . with a air of intense dopression , he lean on hia - - — — ' i tune ce phe tata can ep rg brce nine mae ka ar a des dnata a ae roo jame : yp mes rst no efs loner ld ml ar arn pbl rr att 2 be io see ctecrrim se eienee : oan obama ; contd 35 elbow , cover he ear with he palm . in he palm , peter press the ear plug into he oar , weehcar the voice of dr , bellnap and snyder . seyder ( vq ) she be pick up by lockinan afternoon at he place and be chop up in the elevator on the way out . ' she girl out there -- see the wainderer . ixder office belinap that 's terrible -- do you know who it be ? snyder some blonde -~ tall , thin -- ( andicate liz} miss demming do not get a great look at she face because she have on this big sunglass , bellnap there anything I can da to help ? snyder when you talk to nrs. nyer do she say she be go to maet anybody ? fan rina ana pnnesomeniene seam | of | j i i 3 | i 7 bellnap no. snyder pid she leave you office with anybody ? bellnap no. snyder what be she see you for ? bellnap nothing too serious -~ she be have some problem with she marciage . I be help she work then out , snyder that kind of problem ? sllnap be you marcy , detective Snyder ? snyder yeah . bellnap Children ? snyder two son . bellnap when be the last time you sleep with you wife ? 37 . contd | i | } ~ 4 J i ; 37 snyder what 's it to you ? . bevlnar that 's how I feel about you westion about swyder hey look Doctor -~- we - get a brutally mouxder woman here -- who pass the point of no embar . saQ by anything yon might the my patient 's oa ovtsider , SNY rey , I be not a outsider ~ 4 , I 'ma cop . let 's make it easy for you . have she look to get kill ? bellnap you mean be she suicidal ? snyder yeah . bellnap no . peek no na a ro srna panera aa eon aye fee lh el radar ns mina shey melee tan as molt do oras R aa ere eten 37 contd 38 snyder why do she pick up this lockuan ? , he could have be a killer . bellnap but he be not , snyder yeah ~-- but the next pick up might have be . you know , if at first you do not succeed ... bellwap you mean you think she want to get kill ? snyder do not you ? look , we get some hot pants broad cruise around for sone action ~- that guy she pick up go dowa on she in a cab , for Christ 's sake ~- I get . a -- pardon the expression -- blow by blow description from the cabby . so after she 's finish with he , she come on to some psycho in the elevator ? hey , there be all kind of way to get kill in this city if you be look for it . bellnap well , she do ask I if I want ( more ) cy arn ener aw ul baba al nannerl iy perera pier lie cgnein senda tmeriggsnn nent ne 39 47 contd bellnap ( contd ) to sleep with she , but I do not consider it a serious proposal , snyder bat you be not a psycho . do you know any ? bellnap Wall -- yes of course . I do some work at Bellevue in a clinic for the criminally insane . snyder could she have meet one of this nut at you office ? some kind of weixda she covld have turn on that follove she ? sap think for a minute . he remember the call ‘o n wexing machine from bobbiz . he also remember he vis go . snyder watch he closely ana sense heat hold semething back . bellnap no , all my dangerously disturb patient be confine , they do not come to my office . snyder axe you sure ? ow about a new patient ? I mean how do you know how nut they be until you see then ? sa cab nrrn utaanty aran ty tener meme mar ttf | | | 37 38 39 contd : 40 bellnap well ~- it 's possible but ... . sryder Doctor , you be not protect one of you patient , be you ? bellnap absolutely not , snyder well , doc , you have get to laok at it my way . we get no lead except a eye witness that maybe should take a leak at ail you patient that be around that moxn . then I can be absolutely sure that my psycho be not you psycho , int : detective division ~ night meke and a policeman enter the room . peter pull the suction plug off the glass an@ glip it into he school bag . he pull the ear phone out and drop it in the bag . mike motion he over and pbter join he at the dcorway . they leave . int : snyder' office snyder be taping a official look record sheet . bellnap catch a look at the name at the top ~- Liz dewming , 1069 lexington Avenue , bea 39 contd 41 | snyder okay Doctor , I be sorry youtre not more cooperative , which mean I be go to have to waste some time get a court order to check out you appointment hook . bellnap | I be sorry too , but I feel I must i protect the confidentiality of ' my patient , snyder of course . we be just two professional do we job . foo bad wa can not work together . thank you very much for you help . I 'il be in touch . CUT to : 10 int : detective division - nica ? snyder walk belinap ovt . he return back toward he office walk past li2 . any luck ? Liz no . how many mare book have you get ? snyder a libraxy full . but why do not i | | | swyder ' ( contd ) | : 5 ' i ( hore ) Fe nama etek any ee ea oa rra 1 ae rear nrl a moc 2 ae é { 30 contd 42 snyder ( contd ) you take a break with I in my + office . want some fresh coffee ? cuv to : ah int : snyder' office liz sip a cup of coffee sit in a chair before snyder 's desk . snyder tap he pencil on the record sheet before he , snyder miss demming , be you still live at 1067 lexington Avenue , liz that 's right , snyder how do you happen to ke in the building that Mrs. myer be y 1 rpe re 8 nar aac ere lnb am rott 8 reo roared kill in ? liz i be visit a friend , snyder and who be that ? lez I would vather not say , snyder why ? Liz he 's maxry , snyder what kind of building be this -~ everybody 's get laid after lunch ? | | | 41 contd li % I do not say I be * get { laid , '' to use you , expression . i snyder 1 a little crude for you ? | laz i gnat 's right . | snyder i look , hiss dewmme -- lett cut : the shit . I get all the dope on you right here . ( tapping the yecord sheet ) you be a whore -- 4 high priced whore ~~ but still a whore . coldly back at he . snyder ( contd ) now who be you fuck ? liz puck you ! snyder sugh language ! crude but direct . maybe = should speak likewise . you be not only we only witness , fut we only suspect . lis what be you talk about ? 41 contd 45 snyder we have a murder weapon with . you print on it , you dress soak in the decease 's blood , and a nice set of scratch mark of the decease 's nail across you hand . liz that 's bullshit . why would I want to kill she ? snyder xou be there with the rator ~~ see arniere pen «yur rere iaammeuiin a D mune ) '' resi mien ney apn aan aa fane mee you tell liz I tell you , there be a blonde . , , snyder sure , except no one else see this blonde enter or leave the building . you do not notice if she have wing , do you ? lig grith a control coldness ) she be in the elevator -- I see hex ! sexde what be you go there ? i ; | i i t : t : } 4h con tp : . 47 snyder ( contd ) we get she downstairs . but what about the blonde ? do he see she too ? Liz I do not know . snyder look , miss demming , you 'xe go to save I a lot of trouble by find Ted from out of town and get he in town and down here oes '' eeea no genet ink a amo dr aar prion I 1 ai ote to sign a statement as to exactly what he see and when he see it . liz how the '' hell do I know where he 8 ? be t# you can not £ind he , I sure can not , anyway , you have a better motivation than I do -- you ass , for instance . now get the hell out of here -- I be give you 48 hour . and dontt try to blow town ~-- I 'i1 be keeping tabs on you . exp : syreet outside dr . bellnap' office -— day ks back and forth occasionally look over at the doorway to dr , bellnap 's office . he finally settles i ( | Art I eet em no nrcc or sraeontrlrnee cte — '' manmUangRiithd ; i { i $ | ; : $ é 2 contd 48 beside a pack sign directly across the street from bellnap ' 's doorway . he kneel down , lean against the sign , and stare at the door . a not : dr . bellnap' office ~- day bellnap look through he address file , stop at a card , pulis it out and dial the number on it . service 2440 ~~ bellnap May I speak to bobbi please ? this be a answer service . could you give I he last name ? bellnap «t 's bobbi with a i -~ a woman -- but I do not have a last name . service could you hold please . finally the service come back on the service ( contd ) we do have a bobbi with a i ~- it 's a new list . would you like to leave a message ? belinap yes , this be Dr. bollnap , please tell heg I would very much like to see she , and could she call I at the offica . 1 { ' i ' t } not wo sn car re eet sram no eee i 3 i i 43 conta 49 service what. number be that ? . bellnap she 's get it . fhe hang up ) ext : bellnap' office build 's ~ day peter walk up the stair lookiny at he stopwatch . it take 3 second to get to the top , ue push the Doctor 's bell . it take 5 second for the door to bugz open . ue turn and walk gown the step . he look at the stopwatch , Zt 's still about 3 second . he take a last look at the parking sign across the street where he knelt before and walk on down the styeet , ug fzom a public phone booth , liz when will he be back ? I like he , I want to see he again . two week -- that 's no good . I get to call he . what 's bis name ? ( beat ) c'mon , I just need he name , ( beat } what do you mean , the avis escort service doss not give out client ' ( more ) contd 50 Liz {contd} name . I get to talk to he . ( beat ) trouble ? I be not in any trouble . I just want to talk to the guy . okay . okay . thanks ! thanks for nothing ! ( she slam down the phone} cut 70 : ext : myer house ~ night establish shot of house at night . int : peter' room ~ night he study a diagram in a book as he mount a 8 mm movie camera to the eye piece of a short squat telescop . he pick up the camera and the telescope and go over to he window , cur to : ext : neighbor's window peter look through the camera and see the enlarge window of the house next door . he zoom the camera lens in and the window enlarge further , a woman be irone . curt to : int : peter' room = nigrt peter move back to he desk and place the camera / telescope on its side . on the side of the camera he screvs on a electric motor , he set the motor to time - lapse at 5 second . he pick up he stopwatch and | | i * i | ah i a sga mare sonne ier sy eslan a ils rae leia he ae iiaredeeaie es ware ah contd 51 punch the start button , he then switch the camera motor on . wne hear the sound of the camera shutter click , peyzr look at the stopwatch , it 's every five second . ext : suoguay ewpranch ~ night liz come out of the subway and walk across the street to she apex snt building . in the shadow from a alley across the street a blonde watch she enter the building . CUT to : ext : ackoss the STREET from dr . bellnap '’s office - day iu 's before 8 be , peter vide down the street on a bicycle , he pulis & p before the no parking sign and the bike . he face the rack of the bike toward lead up to dr . bellnap 's office building . heavy steel chain and fasten the bike firmly onto the bicycle rack be a steel box . on the back of the box be a small circular open fneing buellnap 's building . the top of the box be hinge an@ hold close with a padlock , peter take a key fxom he pocket , unlock the padlock and flip open the box . Inside be the camera mount to the telescope . he reach down inside the box and turn on the time lapse moter , the camera shutter click at 5 second interval . he close the top of the box and jock it shut . he place snother padlock on the chain that secure the bike the the no parking sign . ue look back at the entrance way for a second and then walk on down the block . cur to : aay doh , 52 ext : bellnap' office ~ day 52 dr . bellnap leave he office and walk down the street . across the street , the hide camera in the bike rack click a shot . CUT to : int : bellnap' office - reception desk ~ day the phone ring . on the third ving the ansver machine click on . we hear bobbi 's voice . bobbe's voice you be just never in , what would happen if I be go to slit my throat ? beep beep -- ( more ) sena a reenact tk seal ere ane epi aa a eed nase rs pm rac hg sar er se a siagaten gate be 53 contd 53 bobbi' voice ( contd ) " Dr. belinap be not in right now but if you would like to leave a message ... " Doc -- help I ! hobbi gasp as though she throat have be cut , follow by a crash as she body fall to the floor . bobbi be voice ( contd ) please call I ! I can be reach at ... {more gurgle and gasp } what 's the area code for hell ? a beat of dead silence follow by a burst of applause . two hand clap . bobbi' voice ( contd ) hot bad , huh ? oscar stuff . rut what be I call you about anyway ? oh , yes . you want to see I , well , I be a very popular gixl -- I do not knaw where I would fit you in . it would not be about that murder I read about in the papers . Hell of a way to lose a patient . but you know , Doc , you should not try and fuck then , nclick she tongue ) unethical . but a cock have no ( more ) 53 . contd — 54 boebbi' voice ( contd ) ethic . what kind of organ be that anyway . '' if my vight eye offend I -~ pluck it ovt , " which bring so to ny eperation . a call to Dr. lavy would clear the way . such power you havet how do you sleep at night . found you razor yet ? ' yhe police have . dissolve to : split scrern uence scene 54 - 58 . on leave half of freme be bellnap in scene 54 end $ 6 , siu cously on the right half of the frame be liz and the blonde in scene 55 , 57 , and 58 . ae etait ma ar ater aerator rt ame ota ia , iec ENE oe ua int : belenap' office - night en wachine . i : t q i bobbi' voice you be just never in , what would heppen if I be go to slit my theoat ? beep beep -- " Dr. nap je not in right now but if you would like to leave a message - ... '' Doc ~~ help mar ! pleese call mee I can he reach at ... what 's the area code for holl ? not have , huh ? oscar stuff , sut what they J call you about anyway ? oh , yes . you want the see I . well , ( # ore ) oernne 54 contd . . 55 bobbi' voice ocont ) I be a very popular girl -~ I do not know where I would fit you in . it would not be about that murder 1 read about in the papers , Hell of a way to lose a patient . but you know , Doc , you should not try and fuck they . unethical . but a cock have no ethic . what cw eninrennaiennen . ened spare ie emaar nm ae kind of organ be that anyway , {iz my right eye offend mar -- pluck it out , " which bring I to my operation . a call to Dr. levy 's . would clear the way . such power you have ! row do you sleap at night . found you razor yet ? the police have . ua a he at : STREET outside liz' apartment - night the blonde watch Li % through binocular . with a int : bellnap' office - night bellnap watch television . there be a interview show with the guest be a transsexual . 37 int : liz'*s apartment - night Liz sit in a robe on she bed , watch the same interview with a transsexual on tv , as she file she nail . ' the sta ma nen the dette ae ha to vone ting . she pick it up . liz hi Norma , sorry about yesterday . ( hore ) ' j 5 : % * { cae eee rm be sai NRC conttd 56 liz ( contd ) yeah . yeah . so what time ? 10:90 at the americana . anything special ! great . thank God straight fuck axe still in style . just in Cleveland ? great . I will be there . talk to you toomolkow 2 + . I do have a prcblem . yeah . yeah . I get to go . i' i1 tell you about it tomorrow . liz hang up the phone . liz gxab a coat and leave . > sureee outside liz' apartment - nicht @ blonde watch liz leave , and then follow she . tp screen sequence brt : a zcan HOTEL - neght lez walk in . int : HOTEL . corridor liz walk down the corzidoxr , stop before a door and knock . a shy , nice look young man open the door . liz Cleveland ? cleveland Liz se oh vine tae reret wee eg e t '' : ' 50 contd 57 cleveland yeah . that 's right . . lia i be Liz . from the escort service . cleveland oh , of course . nextend he hand ) glad to meet you . he keep shaking and stacing at she . he can not believe how nice she look . Liz Ace you go to pump Te ary here or invite I in ? a anan re ae sede ga ae 50 cont cleveland ( pull she through the door ) o£ course , I be sorry . come in . can I get you anything to drink ? Ho not you like to sit down ? su int : uotel room + night 58 42 sit gowm on the couch . cleveland take the hair opposite she . liz scotch on , the xock will be fine . cleveland ( jump to he foot ) right . seotch on the rock . ( he cross to the bar and mix a drink ) have you live in New York long ? lyz couple of year . cleveland where do you come from ? liz Chicago . cleveland Chicago . JI get there a lot . great town . ( beat ) shak @id you do there ? 6l contd 89 Liz a seerctary -- before that I teach a little school , cleveland you be a teacher ? liz yezh ~~ I tanght remedial ccade . cleveland em na elias saree ese be ad en how @id you become ... a hoagker ? | , clevelat ! yeah . Liz Fox the mohey . liz do you know how much chey pay a teacher ? cleveland no . liz tll make more money tonight than I would make in - a month of teach . but I try be a secretary first . except my ( hore ) b | i | ; i i i : i ' i él contd 60 i : '' liz ( contd ) ' boss want to pay 250 a week . ; and fuck I too . and if £ : a@ia not fuck he he would fire I . ; cleveland so what do you do ? liz I get fire . then I go back in my '' new position " and get $ 250 for a hour 's work , not pad but hey , this be the land of opportunity . cleveland how @id you get to New York ? liz what be you do here ? cleveland salesmen convention . Liz what do you sell ? cleveland china . liz * a lot of big buyer here ? cleveland sure , lig same for ms . except I do not sell china . pes St ce , tt ont ~ ~ be pet ttcncito esse eanctruantt ert tah eee & é '' ! 3 : coe unten ig 61 . contd 6h . cleveland yow long have you be ... oh . eee a the business . liz about a year and a half . you know we do not have zo talk . cleveland Mo , nove I like it . lz I do not . look , Cleveland , I come here to screw you ~~ not cell you ny whole life storye I want to he ) ghen let 's go . cleveland wait a minute . pet 's finish we drink . ppr rocco mrr the ete sse bae contd 62 liz ( smile and sit back down ) okay . be you marsiecd , Cleveland ? cleveland xz wish you would call I Sam -= that 's my name . liz oxay Sam . be you marxied ? 5 am yeah . * les have you cheat on you wife before ? SAM this be not really cheating . liz why ? SAM well , you be a professional . ure do that make I not another woman ? sure you have another woman . a eat not rare ee 6l so contd 63 liz bnother woman from Chicago . . ' that use to teach remedial read and then come to New York that youtxe cheating on you wife with . yes . SAM Liz easier for both of we . stand up again end take he hand } c'mon , let 's go to bed . howl ~ night liz leave the hotel . across the street we watch over the blond 's shoulder as liz walk down the street , the blonde follow . try hail a cab . as she step in , she notice a blonde across the street step into a cer . liz 's cab move through the city street . liz look sonia srm at Te pmr om als 63 ws lonld have over she shoulder~to see if the blonde 's '' car be follow she . it be . liz {to cab driver ) forget that address I just give you , Drop I at Columbus Circle . and could you help I out ? the cab driver , a pleasant face college kid , turn towards she ~- guestioningly . Liz ( contd ) someone 's follow I . int : bellnap' ofyice ~- night bellnap be on the phone . bellnap this be Dr. bellnap again , do bebbi pick up my message ? she do . when ? oh , I would like to leave another message . it 's urgent that she call I at my office tonight . thank you . bellnap hang up the phone and reach for a cigarette , he do not have one , of course , because he stop smoking fifteen year ago , ext : CITY STREET ~ night liz *s cab make a abrupt right at the next westbound street . it just make the light , swerving into the traffic , and throw liz to the floor . int : Liz 's cab — night liz pull herself up off the floor . tee inte mneapiin '' fonttpd 65 Liz well , you almost lose I . do you lose she ? there 's a chorus of screeching brake follow by the be 's cay turn the same corner , biz look back over she shoulder as the blonde 's car liz ( contd ) what 's the go rate on run night liz 's ceb shoot out into the fast flow uptown it just miss broadside a bus . 142 get up off the floor . cab driver ( with youthful excitement ) owtin I do ? liz opatte she jaw to see if it 's in one piece } ' swell -- just swell , ( tuening she neck to look out the back window ) but shet still there . li2 's pov nds 's car move up on they , the BT ex 's : colunbus circle ~ night liz 's cab pull to a stop before a subway entrance . ; leu airy awe 70 7 72 int : cab 66 ll {to the cab driver ) now you get my number -— just give I a ring anytime when you get off duty . chb driver look -~ I do not loose ' tem -~- so we dealt off , liz look , you do everything you could -~- outside of kill I , cab driver nay -~ I do not dsliver . so let I just buy you dinner instead , a not blonde 's car pull up a half block behind they , ' 1s just as the 8 londe get ovt . liz you get a date , the blonde start walk slowly up the block . liz ocont ) look -- I get to go . - ert : columbus circle ~ night liz get out of the cab and rush down the step into the subway . int ; cab the cabby watch the blonde approach out of he rear - view mirror , . just as she be adjacent to he he abruptly sven '' ~ hae eee 5 7 7 ~ 2 3 a contd 67 swing open he door , slamm it into the blonde 's stomach . she crash to the sidewalk , cab driver {all innocence } Excuse I , ext ; subway exit ~ nigrt liz come out of the subway and be about to cross the street to she apartment building when she see something unbelievable in the alley face the subway entrance . it 's the blonde watch she building , suddenly there 's a loud bang ( a car backfire ) come from the cross street behind liz , she turn to see what it be . so goss the blonde . when liz turn back , the blonde be look straight at she , liz turn around and head back down the subway step . ent , subvay platform ~ night lig crush up to a toll booth , busy a token , go through the turnstile , and head for the populate end of the platform , a group of five black hood stare at she ominously as she come to a stop a few foot away from they . I % look back down the length of the platform . no sign of the blonde . the first hood step over to she . Hoop ll what : you lookin’ for lady ? liz turn and register the gang of hood for the first time . though she 's a hooker and have be in tight situation before , be at the end of a desert contd 68 ay platform with a gang - of black hood - as you 's '' safety in number '' look like a tactical error , liz2 a train -~ they still stop here , do not they ? reed 1 yeah ~~ that 's right ~- they stop here . they stop down there oo . liz be I bother you or something ? koon 1 no , you be not bother mar . no goad . £ hood 2 ( x a big hulk brooder ) ving beside mood 1 , you be bother I . hood 2l she bother you , sonny ? x hood 2 ' that 's right . she bother I . '' hood 1 what be you go to do about ib ? normt tamas mpieeenty waht ee 74 contd 69 hood 2 I be go to break she fuck ass , hood 1 nlook Liz over ) why break it when you can fuck it first ? liz start to move . away from the hood , suddenly the sloxde emerge , on the fac end of the platform . hood 1 ( contd ) bey ! where be you go ? Liz I do not want the crowd you . hood 1 you do a't want to crowd I ? what you doin down here if you do not want to crowd I ? liz see that blonde down there ? liz point at the blonde , hood 1 what blonde ? liz the one next to the pillar . hcod 1 look where liz be point . the blonde be haraly visible be block by the pillar , hood 1 } I see she . so what ? 0 se ET erin 70 ' li2 's shet be follow I . i " hood 1 4 why ? liz t see she hack a worman up - hood 1 ' why do not you call the cop ? liz you see any ? hod 1 bo , 1 do not . and I would not call ‘em it ft aid sce they . che approach gar gown the tunnel liz see the light of : train . : hood 2 : ( grab Liz by the ' arm ) zt think we be go to fuck ; she ? i . Liz pull away and rush dow the platform . the blonde turn and see liz rush toward she . the hood take k off after she . the train pull sto the station . just as the hood reach liz -- the trazn door pop open . — scene os rot sse mpa arsere mene z 3 E t seeceenpenendgtece pa reas 13 tnt : subway train 71 Liz run through the doorway crash into a uniform policeman . . cop @ake it easy lady . this be not the rush hour . liz where the fuck be you guy whe you be need ? it be almost attack , cop when ? liz right here ! now ! liz tuxas around to point cut chey have vanish . cop tr do not sce nothing ! liz ghey be right here . cop I think you be attack here . the train door close and the train start up . liz watch the station shrink away as they speed into a tunnel . liz rgek at . she walk away from the cop and sit down . he watch for a second ~- consider run she in or sonethe EL asae pipette rse pcrs eea eel ep see IEP awe contd -~- anything , but let it drop , and move toward the rear of the car . this crazy broad be not worth the paper vuork . he stare back at she , shaking he head . [ 12 look past the reproachful cop to the doorwindow of the cac behind he . there , shaking they head like the cop , be the hood , all except for hood 2 , who glare wack at she , head motionless , eye stare . he never eid want to fuck she ~~ just break she ass . the train pull into the next station . ' the door open , the cop exit . no one get on . the car 's empty , except fox a sleep drunk , fhe door close and the train start up . liz look back at the rear door . hood 1 be open itt liz jump up and run to the front of 1 car , pull at the door . it slide open and she in between the two car , the wind rip at she xair as she pull open the door to the next car . she look for someone ~~ anyone , the car 's wingty . she look behind she , the hood be come . she race to the end of the car slide open the door that connect to the next car , liz enter the next car , it too be empty . she run to the end of it and start to slide back the door , but then look ahead of she and freeze . down at the end of the car the blonde be move toward she . Liz turn back only to face the oncoming hood . fhe train pull into the station , liz rush back into the middle of the car before the blonde can open the fxont door . behind she the hood come in the back . * = z i q i '' : i i contd : 12 she look toward the head of the car . no blonde . she look behind she . the hood be almost on top of she , she jerk away to escape they grasp , turn she back to the douhle decor , the hood circle around she . hood 2 get she down ! abruptly the door burst open , the hood , suddenly fearful , back away in terrar , liz turn to face she savior . it 's the blond grip a long straight razor inch from Liz 's £ace , the blonde raise it . the hood scatter . liz vaise she hand to shield she on there 's a swish sound follow by a horxible cream , liz peek theough she upraise hand to see the blomde 's face cover with a slimy foam , she turn scream and race blindly away . from behind a pillar ppter stand up from he battle position hold a rosok can in he hand , cut to : int ; subway platform ~ night Liz and pevyer step onto the platioxvm and watch the blonde disappear into a subway exit . peter : do not worry . this stuff will not kill she . ( beat ) I wish it do , cuT to : a occ 71 ext : liz' apartment ~ night 74 e12 and peter can be see through the window talk . 33 s8t : liz' apartment - night 442 have wade up the convertible couch bed for peter . ie git wp sip a cup of cecoa , liz , in a bathrobe , sit on the bed face he , she smoke a cigarette ; : ond hold a large scotch . peter my mom be kill by one of bellnap 's patient . I be unload my camera when I see she leave he office , I follow she to you , '' ez teke a shot of whisky . é liz z what be that stuff you spray peter it 's a kind of mace I make at home . it 's a rather simple compound of sodium ... > liz save the Mr , wizard lecture . I would not know sodium from Adam . it sure work , i pbter : temporary blindness -- less than ten second . pant foe oat 78 contd 75 liz it save my life . . peter T know . I wish it have save mom' . liz you like you mom a lot , do not you ? peter yeah. {beat ) I miss she . liz do n'& you dad wonder where you be ? peter ( suddenly angry ) ee 's not my dad . he 's my step - fathes ! anyway , I tell he I be spend the night with 4 friend , he will cover for I . liz t'11 take you home tomorrow . peter t do not want to go home . xr get some picture of that blonde from a camera I hide outside ( ore ) ss erste reel the dp teer ROS rlf ant not ety tere eo ee 78 cont dp 3 peter ( contd ) bellnap 's office . we have just get to get in , get bellnap 's appointment book , and get she name . llz that 's what the police be for . petbsr you call the police . I be go to find ont that blonde 's neme . lis sho do you think you be ? paxman ? noutce just a kid fox God 's ke. peter yeah -- the kid that save you life . he stop liz deed . liz kay . let I try to police first . if they cop out , I will help you . peter but dontt tell then T help you , nike would kill I . T be suppose to he study for a french final . 78 . contd 77 Liz : do not worry . look , you fricnd 's cover for you tonight -- right ? peter . yeah . liz well -- I be you friend too and t'11 be the best cover you ever have . peter okay . lia good -~ now let 's get some sleep . cur to : . 73 ext : film store ~ day peter walk inside and hand man can of £i curt 80s 20 bxt ; grand central s°avton - day @rain pull in . pever get on , al ext ; suburban train station —- day train pull in to station , peter get off . cur to : i a2 ext & suburban house ~ day peer sneak around the side of a friend 's house . he tap on the window and a boy about he ag@ open the window and help phter climb in . cuT to : 33 int : dr , levy's office ~ receptionist desk 78 3 ce see eat dr . bellnap walk over to the receptionist desk . ~ bellnap pr , bellnap to see Dr , levy . receptionist go right in , Doctor -~ he 's wait for you . 34 int : dr , levy's office dr . levy stand up to shake dr , bellnap 's hand , thexe be something strange in dr , levy 's smile . both psychiatrist sit down . levy what can I do for you , Dr , bellnap ? a en gree ( continued ) eer 4 contd 73 belulnap you be see a patient of mine . jevy that 's right . belluap I believe she 's dangerous . levy in what way ? ' belluap she 's threaten to cause I trouble bevause I would not approve not operation . she sex reassig levy why would not you approve ht ? bellnap beceugse bobbi be not a true tran ~ goxial . a tvanssexual have a unalterable belief that sic be of one sex '' trap " in the body of the other . bobbi be totally unaware of she other self . she 's veally a dangerous schizophrenic pezsonality . levy what kind of trouble have she cause you ? bellnap she threaten I several time ( more ) a4 con'td praeis ce 80 bellnap {conta} over the phone , she also steal my xazor , levy what for ? bellnap Doctor , do you read about that woman that be slashed to death in a elevator ? levy tt be hard to miss -- it be on the front .. , . ( cut he off ) vas my patient ! tevy you do not think that bobbi have anything to do with that ? bellnap my razor 's go . kate myer be kill with a razor . levy nobody alse could have take it ? bellnap Doctor , I be not paranoid , bobbi have threaten I over the phone . she say she 's go to hurt I . 34 contd 81 sea trae at bellnap ( conta ) my patient be slashed to death and my razor 's go . you do not have to be a detective to figure i dé out , levy I think you should inform the police , bellnap I have be to the police , but I do not tell they abont bobbi . I want to talk to she first . i want to be absolutely sure it vas she . but she will not return my call . I think you might be able to help . levy lill talk to she . if I concur with you prognosis , welll get in touch with the police . bellnap {getting up to leave ) please let I know what happen . : levy do you know why she come to I in the first place ? bellnap no. se pete reper hon ? 84 ccontd 82 levy like a lot of transsexuals that > ea not pass the psychological evaluation necessary to get a sex reassigneent cperation , she do one on herself . bellnap my ged . levy she try to hack off she ganital . she pass out before she succeed , a judge inade she come to I . bedlra when be this ? levy a couple of week ago . why do not you wait here while I see aif I can get she on the phone . bellnap look at he watch . bellnap tome late for a appointment . why do not you call I at my office after you have xeach she . levy ( think for a second ) all right -- you sure you will be ac you office all day ? : 84 contd 83 bellwap | '' yes , levy I 'll call you there . 85 int ; detective snyder' office liz be ushere in to snyder 's office . - shyder Mr. out of town turn up ? liz no. snyder i : then you would better send for you overnight bag . liz look , Snyder , you know I do not kill that woman , seycer you be still my best bati Liz I be you only bet . snyder that too , liz she try to kill I last night . snyder really ? liz be that suppose to be concern in you voice ? 5 contd 35 snyder I take a professional interest '' * ' jn over citizen knock each other off , where do this happen ? : liz she follow I from the americana ~into the subway . T think I have lose she , but she be wait for I when I get home . she try to glash I «we snyder ( cut she off ) any witness to this one ? liz yas , bue T can not tell you who . snyder gut of town again ? liz wo , not out of town , I just promise I would not say anything . . snyder this be sounding familiar . liz look Snyder , I be not interested in you wise ass remark . someone 's try to kill I and I need help . snyder I get a nice cell you will be very safe in . 85 Liz I know the murderer be one of bellinap 's patient , snyder how do you know that ? . liz because she come cut of he office . snyder do you see she ? liz no -~ not exactly . but I know she come out . you have get to get in there and get he eppointaent book , her name 's get to be in hte : snyder I hope you make a setter hookex than you do a detective . i think about bellnap 's appointment book & long time ago , but we can not , just walk into a shxrink 's office and start go through he record . you need a search warrant , and judge take a long time before they let you start snooping around a shyink 's office , of course that would not prevent a paranoid murder suspect ( more ) with uw conrd 86 snyder ( contd ) from break in -— - search for , evidence to defend she case . liz I get it . you want I to break in for you . snyder be do not want you to do anything illegal . you can quote I on that . but I be book you tomorrow -- get it ? tomorrow . now get out of here . I have get important thing to do -- like take my kid to a ballgame . tre : film store ~ day pster pick up Film . inp : liz' apartment a screen and projector be set up . liz and peter be watch the film from peter ' 's hide camera : it 's carly morning , bellnap walk up the stair and into the office . then a young girl . then a middle age lady . then the middle age lady walk out of the office . then a thin bespectacle@ man walk in the office , we come out . then the young girl come out . then bellnap come out , then the young girl go back in , then a young long haire man , then bellnap return , then the young long haire man leave . 87 contd 87 then a teenage girl go up the step . she leave , then a tall bearded man enter the office . he leave . 1d : i then the young girl leave , and finally the blowde i : leave , : j peter : that 's she . | ee i i ( cut he of f} : she must be he last ointment . peter we have get the get a look in that book . Liz ( think ) yeah , I know , Snyder want it too , but iocan get it for he faster . no legal red tape -- just my ass . pefer well I will get it then ~~ no one care shout my ass . tia just a | grief strike kid . i liz : ( run here finger : through he hair ) : but what a kid . okay , I get a ! idea . 88 int : sellnap' office - night there be a thunderstorm raging outside , 12 sit in a i 8 ? contr 3 liz i : it be very nice of you to see I so fast . bellnap I try to keep my night open ‘iin case @ patient need some extra help , JI be concerned about you . you have have a terrible i experience . liz zl know . I do not realize it at first , but I have be have this terrible nightmare . ' bellnap what be they about ? 9 exf ; STREET 88 Thunder , rain , lightning , peter watch liz through a paix of binocular from across the street , int ; bedlnsap's office will co liz +.» < have such a feel of helplessness . i can not move . my 's arm and leg be tie down , and he kneel down on I , force I to ... oshake she head ) i be sorry , 30 contd bellnap . what 's the mattex ? liz it 's just so dirty . bellnap why do you feel that ? liz leok , I kyow what dirty be -- ~ and this be dirty . bellnap Way do not you just talk about it . ia sure it 's not ss have as you think . liz tt 's real bad ~- and you be talk to a expert on bad , bellnap why do you say that ? liz because I be a hooker and I have do mast of the bad thing you just think about . bellnap do you like do this thing ? Liz sometimes , bellnap what do . you like . about it ? 89 90 contd 90 liz ' I like to turn man on , tt make I feel good . and I must doa good job cause they pay I a lot . bellnap do you have any sex that 's not pay for ? liz you mean , do I have a boyfriend ? bellnap yes. biz no. sex be just business to I , bellnap have you ever be in love ? liz ' not for a long time . bellnap when be that ? liz when I be a kid . I do not know any better . bellnap would you like to be in love again ? liz be that a proposal ? 90 contd 91 bellnap why do you say that ? i liz I do not know , you kind of turn I on . bellnap why ? liz I go for the mature fatherly type . bellnap be you sexually attract to . I ? 3 liz sure , be you ? bellnap attract to you ? liz yeah , bellnap yes . liz you want to fuck I ? bellnap yes. liz why do not you ? 90 contd 92 bellnap because I be a doctor and ... liz I fuck a lot of doctor . ' bellmap ( continue ) and marry . Liz fucked a lot of they too . bellwap I think we be get off the point . Liz do you mind if I take off my clothes ? bellnap why ? Liz because of the size of that eock in you pants -~ I do not think you be so marry . sl ext : STREET the storm be raging . pester watch liz undress through he wet binocular , 92 int : bellnap' office liz , in she bea and pants , smile at bellnap , li2 what do you think ? 92 conttd bellnap you be a attractive woman . liz do you want to touch I ? bellnap yes . liz why do not you ? bellnap ~ tell you why . liz oh yeah , that 's right . you be I remember a marry doctor . now . 1 think you be full of shit . bellnap you do ? just because I believe in the ethic of sy profession ? liz a cock do not heve ethic look doc , T think you be kind of shy , so I be go to go powder my nose in the other room . '' hen I come pack I hope to find you clothes next to mine . if not , well , I '1l get dress and we 'il get back to the mind fuck . 92 . 37 96 costp 94 liz get up and walk out of the office , shutting the door behind she . . curt to : int ; reception room - night liz move quickly over to the desk , open up bellnap 's appointient hook and start turn the page to the day petar shot he film , cur to : ext ; STREET - night ch the cain , peter watch bellwap . cuT to : ent : bellnap' office - night bsllnap teke off he clothes . he pile they neatly on the floor next to Liz 's , his leg be clean shaven and he cock be bandage . cur to : ex ? ; STREET - night peter watch as bellnap open the closet door , take out a dress , cur to ; int : bellnap' office - night bellnap put the dress on . he teke ont a blonde wig and pot that on . cur to : ext ; STREET ~- night p he mother . he remember he film of all the entrance eter realize that bellwap be the blonde that kill 7 i $ 8 39 contd 95 and exit of bellnap 's office . everybody weyt in and out but bellnap . he go in in the morning and the blonde come out at night . peter drop he binocular and race across the street . he 's halfway up the building step when a hand clamp down on he shoulder from behind , he 's whipped around to face a blonde . cot to : int : reception room liz can not find the blonde 's name . @ close the appointment bock and go to the door to bellnap 's office , she open it . he blonde stand before she , it 's bellnap in drag , hold a straight razor , he slashes at she , she fall back to the floor . bellnap lunge after she . he have she pin down and about to slash she throat when a shot ring ont . ( continued ) taketh ce react 9 we gla women a geta eat conid . . bellnap grab he shoulder and crumble to the floor . liz look up to see -a blonde woman hold a smoking gun . peter stand behind she , dissolve to : not ; snyder' office er stand in front of he desk . seat around . he ace liz , a blonde woman , and dr . levy . liz so you have I follow , snyder that 's right . ( indicate the blonde ) meet Betty luce . she 's one of we best young policewoman . Liz so when I tell you I be attack in the subway , you think zi be nut , snyder detective luce tell I she lose you at Columbus Circle . £f do not figure there be another blonde follow you . who would ? Liz so you put I down as a girl with a overactive imagination . 190 contd - woo : DR. lbvy ( contd ) unaware of the female . opposite sex inhabit the same body . the sex change operation be to t resolve the conflict , but as much as bobbi try to get it , bellnap frustrated it , so bobbi get even , snyder by kill Mrs. myer ? dr . levy phat - wag part of it . but trs . myer also arouse bellnep just like miss demming arouse he . ' bobbi take control ~- kill anyone that make bellnap masculinely sexual . bobbi have to rid she pody of masculine desire . : Liz you mean when bellnap get turn on , bobbi take over ? DR. levy yes , it be like bobbi 's red alert . belinap 's penis becaine erect and bobbi know that there be a masculine self still live ( more ) 100 contd pr . levy ( contd ) within she , when bellnap cane to my office , it be the first time t see bobbi 's masculine self . by the way he talk , I realize he have no idea that bobbi exist . when bellnap tell I he think bobbi have kill Mrs. myer , he be confess himself . 1 call detective Snyder . liz {te Snyder ) why the hell do not you stop I from go to bellnap 's office ? snyder T be at a game with my kid . by the time ft talk to Dr. levy you be already over there . li2 pid you ever really think I kill kate ? snyder no , but I need to get into bellnap 's office and find out which psycho do -- so I press you into service . contd 100 liz you might have just ask I . snyder you would not have do it if I have ~- would you ? lig right} snyder anyway I have luce tailing you to make sure you do not get into too much trouble . liz thanks . it 's always wonderful to be of some assistance to the police , so what 's go to happen to bellnap ? the sarcastic smile leave snyder 's face . he start to shake he head . int : coffee shop - day peter sip a coke while liz have a cup of coffee . peter why would a man want to be a girl ? Liz what 's the matter with be a girl ? it 's not so bad . peter I sure would not want to be one , 10 contd 101 liz well , I be glad you be happy . with you sex , but bellnap be not , you see there be some man and woman too who think they be bear the wrong sex . they be call tran — sexual . and all they want to do be have they sex change . peter how do you do that ? liz well first -~ like belinap -~ if you be a man that want to become a woman ~- you take female hormone . peter what do they do ? liz you grow breast , you skin soften , you beard stop grow , and you do not get hard anymore . peter ugh ! liz you sure you want to know about this ? 101 contd 102 peter ' yeah -~ yeah -- it 's give I . all kind of new idea for my science project . instead of ' building a computer -~ I could build a woman -- out of myself . liz ( wryly ) great idea , in that case -- I will give you all the actail . the next step be surgery . you have a -- let I see if I can remember the exact word that levy tell I -- oh yeah ~- @ penectony . follow by castcation , plastic reconstruction and the formation of a artificial vagina -- a vaginoplasty -- to that in the know . peter wow ~~ I think bellnap just put on a dress . Liz well -- he do -- and a wig too . but that 's no good in bed -- when you get to take everything off . 101 contd 163 peter you mean they get in bed with * man ? liz well that 's the whole idea -~ they vant to become woman so they can have sex with man . peter they be fag . liz no. no . they be transsexuals . woman that just happen to have man 's body . once they get transsex ... peter what ? Liz transsexedl -- make into a woman ~- they be just vike any other -~ peter nut case , like bellnap . what 's go to happen to he ? Liz first he have to recover from the gun wound ; then , if he 's ever sane enough to get out of Bellevue , they will try he and guess who 's the star witness ? 104 peter . you. liz right. ( sarcastically ) something I be really look forward to . peter well , I think 1°11 stick with my computer . Liz sound like a good idea . peter I get the get home and get to work , liz I be go to miss have you on my tail , it make I kinda feel safe . peter well , why do not you come with I ? 1 have like the company . liz would not Mike mind ? peter he 's away on some business trip . we get plenty of room . | i | '' ol 102 103 104 contd 105 liz great -~ I could use a little vacation , int ; asylum - night a night nurse lean over bellnap 's bed , bellnap lie asleep , a half fill water cup loosely grasp in he hand , the norse lean over to gently take the cup . suddenly bellwap rise up , grab the nurse around the throat and throttles she . without uttering a cry , the nurse sink limply onto the bed . s# llnap look around to the other bed to see if he have disturb anyone . he have not . he slip out of the bed and turn to the inert nurse , he stact to take off she clothes . by xt : myer 's house - night the camera track up to peter 's window . he 's in bed asleap . , it move past he window to the guest room window , liz be get undress , int ; guest room - night liz finish undress and go to the bathroom . she turn on the shower and step inside , Water cascade down on she as she soap herself . we hear the sound of a window break . liz turn toward the bathroom door and listen . it 's quiet , she turn off the water . it 's still quiet . she step out of the shower and cover herself with a bath towel , she go over to the bathreom sink and stare at herself in the medicine cabinet mirror . we hear footstep come down the hall , a door knob turn , 104 contd 106 a door open and close . we hear breathe , Close breathe , liz be terrify . she turn to face the open bathroom door . there 's silence , she look around for something to protect herself -~ any kind of weapon . - another footstep '' ~~ closer now ~-- the sound of a crepe sole nurse 's shoe . liz see on the sink a shave brush and hang from the wall a razor strap . another footstep , now at the bottom edge of the doar we.. see the tip of a white nurse 's shoe . liz frantically grab the medicine cabinet mirror and swing it open . but there 's no shelf , just a rectangular hele in the wall with a disembody arm wield a straight razor that be slashing down across liz 's face , cur to : 105 int : HOTEL room liz scream . a JOHN jump out of a hotel bed . JOHN what 's the matter -- you must have doze off for a second , liz push he away and keep scream , jobn ( contd ) you be crazy ~- you be go to have the cop in here . liz keep scream and the JOHN put on he clothes and race aut of the room . the end