drive written by hossein amini base on the novel by James sallis 09.24.10 1 int . car engine - night . 1 we be close on a maze of metal rod , tube , and wire . it 's only as we pull out that we realize it 's the engine of a car . over the image we hear a voice talk on a phone . driver o/ S ... hundred thousand street in this city , you do not need to know the route . you give I a time and place , I give you a five minute window . that five minute I be yours . whatever go down I be yours . Minute either side you be on you own ... as the engine ignites and roar to life we dissolve to : 2 int . low rent apartment / koreatown / L.A. - night . 2 a map of downtown L.A. spread out on a bed , dozen of different route mark in pencil . the voice continue - driver o/ S ... one last thing . you will not be able to reach I at this number again ... driver hang up the phone . he fold he map of LA and slip it in he duffel bag . a few clothes and other essential be neatly pack inside . he zip the bag shut and take one last look at a cheap tv set . on screen , a movie be play . on a radio , the LA clipper be take a pound from the New York knick . 3 int . underground parking lot / apartment / koreatown - night . 3 Driver stride through a dimly light car park , carry he duffel bag . a young couple emerge from they car after a late night out . Driver lower he eye , avoid they gaze as he make he way towards a sleek 1970 's chevelle 4 int / ext . driver' car / alvarado - night . 4 the clipper - knick game play on the car radio now . Driver be only half listen , focus on the road . we see he face in the pass neon light . feline good look . impassive blue eye . something almost melancholy in he unwaver gaze . he drive carefully , let other car overtake . 5 ext . apartment build / echo park - night . 5 Driver glide into the parking lot of another low - rent apartment block . 2 9/24/10 6 int . underground car park / apartment / echo park - night . 6 clutch he duffel bag Driver head towards the car park elevator . hurrying out in the opposite direction he see a pretty girl in she 20' wear a waitress outfit . they eye meet briefly , before Driver walk on . 7 int . apartment / echo park - night . 7 Driver head down the hallway and unlock the door to he new apartment . it 's not all that different from he last one . clean , sparse , and anonymous . he do not even bother to walk in . he toss he duffel bag inside and lock the door again . 8 int / ext . driver' car / silverlake boulevard - night 8 Driver 's back on the road , the basketball game still play on the radio . he drive past a row of brightly light mexican food shack on Silver Lake boulevard and turn into a run down garage light up with a neon sign - Shannon 's picture car warehouse - vintage car . 9 int . shannon' garage / silverlake boulevard - night . 9 shannon , the owner of the garage , have a distinctive limp . Driver follow he past row of vintage car . shannon ... plain Jane cheap like you ask for but with a hundred and sixty horsepower inside . you get any sleep ? driver not this week . as Shannon grin we feel the familiarity between they . shannon I can offer you some halcyon . driver wo not work . they head past more car -- ford , dodge , buick -- until they arrive at a plain look impala . shannon there she be . Silver impala . most popular car in the state of California ... Driver cast he eye over the unimpressive vehicle then hold out he hand for the key . 3 9/24/10 10 int / ext . silver impala / toy district / downtown l.a . - night . 10 the basketball game be approach the end of the third quarter . Driver 's behind the wheel of the impala now , cruise past row of dingy toy store on 3rd Street . he glance at he watch . it 's 9:50 . he check he mirror then turn into a side street . 11 int / ext . impala / electronics superstore / downtown - night . 11 a vast electronics superstore dominate the desert street . under the pale yellow glow of the street lamp , Driver see sign advertising a `huge blow out weekend sale ' . he pull over , make sure he have a good view of the entrance . on the radio , the basketball commentator be get more excited . basketball commentary ... this be some comeback from the clipper ! only a few minute ago they look dead and bury !... Driver reach under the seat and pull out a small handheld scanner . he switch it on , tuning it to the right frequency . crackle police dispatch be intersperse with the basketball commentary now . police scanner ...9 Adam 81 , what be you current location ?... repeat , what be you current location ?... basketball commentary ... another unbelievable three pointer from Davis and the clipper be within five !... out of the corner of he eye Driver see two men approach . he do not react , expect they . they cut through the fence with bolt cutter and approach the main building . Driver watch they pull on they mask , then one of they take out a shotgun and blast the lock to the front door . instantly the alarm shrill . the only thing Driver do be to turn on he stop watch . basketball commentary ... time out knick ... the stop watch keep tick away , the siren blaring , the commentary continue , the police scanner crackle . the storefront be hide in shadow , impossible to tell what 's go on inside . Driver look at he stop watch . almost three minute . one of the mask man emerge now , carry a duffel bag . he hurry over and get in the back of Driver 's car without a word . there 's no sign of the other robber . ( continued ) 4 9/24/10 11 continued : 11 the commentary continue , so do the crackle on the police scanner . four minute . still no sign of the second armed robber . his companion in the back start to look nervous , wonder what 's happen to he partner . Driver do not betray a hint of nerve . four and half minute on he stop watch . thirty second more and he 's on he way . suddenly the second robber appear from the shadow , run as fast as he can to the getaway car . he jump into the back seat a few second short of five minute and Driver screech off . 12 int / ext . silver impala / street / downtown - night . 12 Driver thunder over the 1st Street bridge towards boyle Heights , then ease he foot off the gas , slow to a steady speed . in the back seat the two armed robber rip off they mask , look pump up with adrenalin . Driver study they in he rear view mirror , then swerve right on Mission Street as he police scanner crackle to life . police scanner ... attention all unit ...211 ... superstore on traction Avenue ... suspect head eastbound on 1st Street ... driving a Silver impala ... Driver swing sharply into 4th Street now , crossing the L.A. River again , head back in the same direction he come . police scanner ... airship dispatch ... downtown and boyle Heights ... all unit standby . repeat , all unit standby ... up ahead , the light of downtown L.A. glitter against the night sky . hover between the neon green glow of the skyscraper Driver see the red and white glint of a police helicopter . he switch off he headlight , turn leave on Santa Fe Avenue . 13 int / ext . impala / alleyway /industrial area / downtown - night . 13 the armed robber watch in tense silence as Driver weave in and out of the industrial alleyway with he light switch off . it 's as if he 's try to find he way out of the maze or probing to see if there 's anyone out there . police scanner ...1 Baker 11 , head south on boyle Avenue ... no sign of suspect ... repeat , no sign of suspect ... the armed robber look relieved when suddenly a police car glide past at the end of the alleyway , its light also off . ( continued ) 5 9/24/10 13 continued : 13 it 's like catch a glimpse of a pass shark 's fin . Driver tap the brake gently , he car slide to a stop . he stay there a moment , then ease the impala forward , turn in the same direction as the black - and -white . 14 int / ext . impala / LA river industrial area / downtown - night . 14 it 's a high -risk strategy but Driver follow the black - and - white at a distance , hide in the darkness , know other squad car will not be check the same route . the police car make its way through the dimly light industrial zone , unaware it 's be shadow . Driver turn he car radio up a whisper . basketball commentary ... and for the first time in the game the clipper have the lead . 71 to 69 . Seven to go in the fourth here at the staples Centre ... Driver turn the sound back down . up ahead , the police car swing leave , disappear from view . Driver slow down too , anticipate the next obstacle . he do not have long to wait . in the distance he suddenly see the pierce beam of a police chopper 's search - light , sweeping the area one more time . Driver floor the gas , speed straight towards the approach helicopter . the armed robber be too stunne to protest . they just sit there , watch the sweeping searchlight get closer and closer . then suddenly it become clear what Driver 's do . up ahead , there 's a small underpass below the 7th Street bridge . Driver slide the car under the safety of the bridge just before the chopper 's searchlight spot they . 15 int / ext . impala / underpass / LA river industrial area - night . 15 the roar of the helicopter thunder overhead . the underpass be cramme with dirty mattress and shopping cart . sleep hobo can be see under dirty blanket . Driver wait for the echo of the helicopter to fade , then move forward again . 16 int / ext . impala / olympic boulevard / downtown - night . 16 gloomy yellow street - lamp shine down on the industrial zone . row of delivery truck be park outside the meat- pack factory . Driver cruise cautiously down the desert street . the crackle of the police scanner and the dron of the basketball commentary add to the tension . finally up ahead he see car-light stream back and forth on Broadway . driver get down ... ( continued ) 6 9/24/10 16 continued : 16 the armed robber lie flat on the back seat , pay Driver more respect now . 17 int / ext . impala / broadway / downtown - night . 17 there 's a steady flow of traffic on Broadway . Driver fall in behind the other car . on the radio , the basketball game be still play . basketball commentary ... Three thirteen leave on the clock . dunleavy call a time out and it 's the clipper by one ... the pass head - lamp light up Driver 's face . there 's not a trace of emotion in he eye -- even when he spot a patrol car approach in the opposite direction . basketball commentary ... buckle up you seat belt clipper fan . this game really be too close to call ... the two car pass each other slowly . Driver see the cop in the Black -and - White peer at the impala as they head past . he turn down the basketball game and focus on the scanner . police scanner ... this be 1 David 16 ... Silver impala head South on Broadway and pico ... could not get a look at she license plate ... appear to be only one occupant ... in the back seat , the armed robber wait nervously for the police dispatch to respond . police scanner ...1 David 16 ... why do not you check she out ... as soon as he hear this Driver swerve sharply into the next street . 18 int / ext . impala / sidestreet off broadway / downtown - night . 18 Driver gun around the block now , building up speed . police scanner ... this be 1 David 16 ... we lose the suspect somewhere between Broadway and Grand ... possible evasive action ... request airship and additional unit ... 7 9/24/10 19 int / ext . impala / west pico boulevard / downtown - night . 19 Driver burst out onto pico now . a squad car head in the opposite direction slow down as it see he but be catch up in the flow of traffic , unable to turn round and give chase . police scanner ...1 David 11 ... suspect head West on pico ... Driver thread he way through the vehicle in front of he , so smooth and effortless it 's hard to tell how fast he 's go . he glance up as he hear the dull rumble of a police chopper overhead . the helicopter be almost directly above he , swinging its search - beam back and forth to get a lock on he position . Driver push the car as fast as it will go , but there 's no way of outrun the chopper . Blue light flood the asphalt around he as he gun down figueroa . police scanner all unit ... pursuit in progress ... silver impala ... headed North on figueroa ... even now Driver do not panic , turn he attention back to the basketball game . basketball commentary thornton pull up from behind the arc , miss . rebound New York . one eighteen to play ... Driver swerve sharply towards the sparkling light of the staples Centre . 20 int / ext . impala / staples centre / parking lot - night . 20 the terrace parking lot loom up ahead . a sign above the barrier say ` season ticket holder only ' . Driver punch in a ticket and roar into the parking lot . 21 int . impala / staples centre parking lot - night . 21 the impala screech from one level to the next . with a game go on , the parking lot be almost full . finally Driver pull into a free parking space . basketball commentary ... thirty second remain and all the knick have to do be run out the clock ... Driver glance in he side mirror . behind he , dozen of fan be already stream out into the parking lot before the game be over , hope to avoid the inevitable traffic . ( continued ) 8 9/24/10 21 continued : 21 basketball commentary ... Gordon back to Davis ... Davis for three ... this be unbelievable !... the jubilant commentary continue , but Driver be not listen anymore . the game have serve its purpose . more fan flood into the parking lot . dozen of car pull out of they place . basketball commentary ... what a remarkable comeback ... outplay for most of the game , the clipper have show incredible resilience ... Driver glance at the armed robber and nod . it 's time . they climb out of the car , merge in with the crowd . Driver watch they disappear , then slip on a clipper cap , climb out of the impala himself and head towards another car . 22 ext . staples centre / downtown L.A. - night . 22 outside the parking lot , the police be wait , stop anything that look like a impala , shine they flashlight into the window . wearing he clipper cap and a clipper sticker on he new car , Driver calmly drive past they , make he getaway . dissolve to : 23 ext . film set / san pedro / los angele - day . 23 Driver 's face be fix ahead , sunglass hide he eye . as we pull out we see to we surprise that he 's wear a policeman 's uniform . it 's only as we pull out further that we see several other ` police officer ' sit in the same fold up chair , read car magazine and script as they be powder by make - up girl , and realize we be on a movie set . Driver glance up from he script and see another stuntman be fitte with a sfx mask . the stuntman now look identical to the STAR of the movie who stand nearby . assistant director o/ S I need you guy to sign this contract ... Driver take the form along with all the other stuntmen and sign it without a glance . 24 ext . film set / san pedro / los angele - day . 24 Shannon be discuss a car stunt with another ad , use two toy car on the hood of a cop car to demonstrate the danger . ( continued ) 9 9/24/10 24 continued : 24 shannon ... this be a whole new thing . he tap the fender any faster than fifty not only will she roll , she will roll all the way to baja . Driver head off , disinterested in the negotiation . shannon a high risk stunt like that 's worth at least a thousand five . ad they will not go higher than a thousand . shannon done . for all he charm we sense something of the hustler about Shannon . 25 ext . craft table / film set / san pedro / los angele - day . 25 Driver approach a buffet table laid out with food . he 's about to help himself when jack , the caterer , stop he . jack sorry , that 's for the director ... 26 int / ext . police car / film set / san pedro - day . 26 Driver sit at the wheel of the Black -and - White while a stunt supervisor check he harness . Shannon lean into the window with a smile . shannon I manage to get they up to five hundred . Driver do not seem to care , focuss on the job . 2 nd unit director o/ S camera ready , sound ready ... Shannon join the rest of the crew , look on . 2 nd unit director o/ S ... action !... Driver floor the gas , screeching out of the alleyway . he swerve between several oil drum then straighten up on the main road . in he rear view mirror he see a black dodge charger appear on cue , bear down on he . ( continued ) 10 9/24/10 26 continued : 26 Driver slow to forty , like he 's suppose to , but the black charger keep come at speed . Driver 's eye stay fix on he rear view mirror , judge the other car 's speed and angle of approach to perfection . the charger slam into the back of Driver 's car at sixty mile a hour , hit he just above the leave rear wheel . Driver 's reaction be quick as lightning , counter - steering as he Black - and - White go careen off the road . he keep the car upright long enough to slow it down before it finally flip end over end . up ahead , the charger skid to a showy stop . 2 nd unit director o/ S ... and CUT !... some clap and cheer break out , but most the crew could not care less , return to they cell - phone and shot list . only Shannon seem interested in Driver , limping over and help he out of he batter Black -and - White . shannon Nice work , officer ... Driver spit out some fake candyglass from the shattered windscreen . 27 int . nino' pizzeria / westwood - day . 27 a New York style pizza- by-the-slice restaurant . a waiter take a delivery of chinese food at the door and carry it over to a table where Shannon be sit with a old friend , bernie rose . waiter here you go , Mr. Rose . ( take out the white box ) Egg roll , chicken chow mein , five flavor shrimp and Peking duck . bernie rose do they remember the chop stick ? waiter do not look like it , sir . let I run and get the guy . from the way the waiter hurry off we get a sense of bernie 's power and authority . he turn back to Shannon , resume they conversation . ( continued ) 11 9/24/10 27 continued : 27 bernie rose ... you run a perfectly good business . why would you want to change now ? shannon you know how much my business make last year ? thirty Grand . take I six month to build a car and a couple of second for this jerk to write it off on a stunt that do not even make it into the movie . bernie shake he head but clearly have a soft spot for Shannon . bernie rose how much do you need ? shannon let I talk you through it first . bernie rose that sound like a lot . shannon do not have to be . the big money team burn through three , four million a year but that 's `cause they be use half a dozen test driver and a stable of car . bernie rose I do not know anything about car racing but I assume there 's a reason for that ? shannon sure , but it 's not the only way . all I need be a hard - use stock car . we start off with the small - town action then work we way up . there 's close to two thousand event out there and once we make the show we be talk million . bernie rose ` million ' ? shannon there 's a fortune to be make . sponsorship . tv deal . we will even name the team after you . bernie look at he friend in mild exasperation then turn away as the waiter return with a handful of chop stick . bernie rose thank you , ron . you sure you do not want any of this ? ( continued ) 12 9/24/10 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 shannon no , thanks . bernie wait for the waiter to leave then continue . bernie rose you still have not give I a number ? Shannon hesitates but only for a second . shannon four hundred and thirty thousand dollar . bernie Rose can not help grin at he nerve . shannon look , I would not come to you unless I be sure about this . bernie rose come on , Shannon . how can you be sure ? what have you get this big money team do not have ? shannon I get a driver . bernie rose and they get half a dozen driver you tell I . shannon not like this one . he stare at he friend with quiet conviction . shannon I be work with this guy a long time - I have never see anything like it . I have the money I would back he myself ... bernie Rose consider he quietly . bernie rose but you do not have the money . shannon everything I own be in metal . I have to sell my bullit car the other day just to pay the gas bill . I be tell you , bernie , put this kid behind a wheel there 's nothing he can not do . ( continued ) 13 9/24/10 27 continued : ( 3 ) 27 bernie rose and what happen to my money if this kid get hit by a bus ? Shannon 's about to reply when they be interrupt by a big bull of a man with a gruff voice . nino what be you do eat chink food in my restaurant ? bernie rose what 's a Jew do run a pizzeria ? worst fuck pizza in LA by the way . how hard be it to bake a loaf of bread ? nino it 's the fuck water in this city ... Shannon smile , intimidate by nino , give up he seat respectfully . nino do not even acknowledge he . bernie rose I think you be suppose to be out of town anyway ? nino well , I be back . ( barely a glance at Shannon ) take a hike . I need to talk to my partner . bernie rose be polite , nino . I invite he here . nino oh , I be sorry . how you do , Shannon ? how 's the fuck leg ? bernie sense thing be only go to get worse and dismiss Shannon gently . bernie rose I will think about it but I want to meet you guy first ... 28 int . elevator / apartment block / echo park - day . 28 Driver stand in the elevator as it climb slowly . it reach the ground floor then the door slide open . Driver find himself face to face with the pretty girl he see the other night . she look a little startle to see he , then recover pretty girl ( irene ) hi ... ( continued ) 14 9/24/10 28 continued : 28 she join he in the elevator , carry a grocery bag with some milk and fruit loops cereal . driver which floor , mar 'am ?... irene fourth please ... Driver press the fourth floor button even though it 's already light . the door shut and the elevator start to climb . Driver stare out quietly . irene take a glance at he , feel awkward in the silence . she look relieved as the elevator door finally open . Driver step aside to let she out first . irene thank you ... 29 int . corridor / apartment / echo park - morning . 29 Driver and irene walk down the corridor in the same direction , only a few foot apart . she seem more aware of he presence than he be of hers . she reach the door to she apartment first . irene Goodbye ... driver Goodbye , mar 'am ... Driver look at she just long enough not to seem impolite , then continue down the corridor , not even glance back . 30 ext . saugus speedway - day . 30 Bright sunlight . in the distance we see a trail of dust move across the flatland . everything be silent , then slowly the hum of a engine rise as the stock car turn towards we . it shimmer in the heat wave , the noise of its engine get louder as it pick up speed . Shannon stand with he friend bernie Rose at the edge of the makeshift track , stare at the glitter car with its colorful signage advertising everything from snicker to cheerios . bernie rose look like a chocolate bar . you be gonna have to tell I if that 's fast or slow `cause I get no idea ... Shannon smile to himself . shannon it be not slow ... 15 9/24/10 31 int . race car / saugus speedway - day . 31 even in the cramped space of the roll cage there 's something effortless about the way Driver control the car . his eye be fix in concentration , he body tensing only slightly as he lift he foot off the gas and turn the wheel . 32 ext . saugus speedway - day . 32 the glint vehicle be lose in a cloud of dust , then reappear again , move even faster now . the stock car' owner , a bearded hot-rodder with a t-shirt that say , " drive it like you steal it " , join Shannon with a confident smile . stock car owner told you she be a beauty ... shannon ( play hard to get ) maybe where you come from ... bernie Rose pay no attention to they banter , he eye fix thoughtfully on the stock car as it finally slow to a stop . 33 ext . race car / saugus speedway - day . 33 Driver climb out of the car . as he look up he see Shannon limping over with the stock car 's owner , a couple of mechanic , and bernie Rose . shannon look a little long in the tooth to I . think we should take she home ?... Driver shrug . Shannon grin , turn to bernie now . shannon bernie , this be the driver I be tell you about ... one look at bernie Rose and Driver sense the power and authority behind he deceptively gentle eye . shannon bernie 's think of invest in we race team ... the old mobster hold out he hand , meeting Driver 's gaze . driver my hand be a little dirty . bernie rose do not worry . so be mine ... ( continued ) 16 9/24/10 33 continued : 33 he give Driver a big grin and a warm handshake , size he up . Driver smile politely , gaze back at he . the stock car 's owner interrupt the moment between they , hold a stopwatch . stock car owner could not see much wrong with that . you beat the fastest lap by more than half a second . driver you might wanna take a look at the suspension before we go again . ( turn back to bernie ) Nice to meet you ... bernie 's still study he . bernie rose you too ... they eye stay on each other , then Driver follow the stock car owner and he mechanic back to the car . bernie Rose stare after he quietly , think to himself . Shannon can feel he 's get interested . shannon you gonna give I the four ? bernie rose I will give you three for seventy percent ... 34 int . supermarket / echo park - day . 34 tinny supermarket music play in the background . Driver walk past the vast selection of instant coffee brand , bemuse by the choice . suddenly he notice something out of the corner of he eye . at the far end of the aisle he pretty neighbor , irene , be browsing through the confectionery section . stand next to she be a young boy of six or seven , ( benicio ) . he grab a multi-pack of snicker and put it in irene 's shopping basket . irene calmly pick it out , replace it on the shelf , and take a single snicker bar for he instead . as Driver watch they , the boy turn around and notice he . Driver head down another aisle before irene see he too , keep to himself to himself . 35 ext . car park / supermarket - day . 35 Driver head out of the supermarket with a small bag of grocery when he spot irene and benicio again in the car park . irene sit in a batter oldsmobile , try to start the engine . she try several time then get out in frustration , open the hood and peer at the engine she have no idea how to fix . benicio peer in too , try to be helpful . ( continued ) 17 9/24/10 35 continued : 35 Driver hesitates , all he instinct tell he to continue to he car and drive away , but as he feel irene 's increase frustration he can not help himself , finally head over to help . irene look over and see he come , surprised at first , then smile . we watch from a distance as they talk now . 35 a int . elevator / apartment block / echo park - day . 35 a Driver , irene and benicio stand in silence in the elevator , Driver clutching some of irene 's grocery bag . 36 int . irene's apartment / echo park - day . 36 Driver carry irene 's grocery bag into the kitchen for she . driver where do you want I to put they ? irene just over there . thanks ... Driver place the bag on the kitchen counter . irene would you like something to drink ? driver I be okay . irene a glass of water ? driver sure ... she pour he a glass of water and hand it to he . irene Excuse I a second ... she walk out of the room , leave Driver alone with benicio . the little boy stare at he fixedly . 36 a int . bathroom / irene's apartment - day . 36 a irene close the bathroom door behind she , look at herself in the mirror , feel a little uncertain . 37 int . irene's apartment - day . 37 benicio 's still stare at Driver . feeling a little awkward , Driver take a long piece of string from he pocket , tug it gently , then hold up two piece of string . ( continued ) 18 9/24/10 37 continued : 37 benicio keep stare at he , puzzle by the magic trick . irene walk back into the room , smile . irene you just move to LA ? driver no , I be here a while . irene and before that ? driver here and there ... irene ( a gentle smile ) too many question , huh ?... Driver smile back awkwardly , not sure how else to respond . irene switch on the tv for benicio , sit he down on the couch . Driver have a sip of water , glance around the room . he notice a few photograph on a side table . most of they be of benicio and irene , but one of they show the little boy stand next to a strikingly handsome latino man . irene turn around and see he look at the picture . irene that 's benicio 's father . Driver take in the significance of this , then look back at she . driver what 's he do ? irene he 's in jail . driver I be sorry . irene ( change the subject ) what do you do ? Driver hesitates . driver I drive . ( continued ) 19 9/24/10 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 irene like a limo driver ? driver no , for the movie ... irene ( incredulously ) you mean all that car chase and stuff ? he nod , a little embarrassed . irene be not that dangerous ? he seem throw by she concern . driver it 's just part-time . most day I work in a garage . irene where ? driver reseda boulevard . irene you should tell benicio you be a stunt guy . driver he interested in that kind of stuff ? irene be not all little boy ? she smile softly and he realize she 's teasing he . benicio o/ S mama , I do not like this ... irene take the remote and change the channel for he . Driver watch she quietly , then drain he glass of water . irene would you like another glass ? driver I should get go ... he catch the disappointment in she eye , but she cover it with another good humor smile . ( continued ) 20 9/24/10 37 continued : ( 3 ) 37 irene well , thank you for you help . driver thank you for the drink ... she take he empty glass and walk he to the door . 38 ext / int . STREET / driver' apartment / echo park - day . 38 pass traffic roar by on the busy street . irene and benicio be walk home from the bus stop , chat happily . they look like they have just come back from the beach , irene carry a basket full of towel , benicio clutching a dusty soccer ball . Driver watch they from the window of he apartment , blow gently on a cup of coffee . 39 int / ext . driver' car / hollywood boulevard - night . 39 the reflection of pass neon roll down the camaro 's windscreen . Driver 's cruise down Hollywood boulevard , shut off from the world outside , listen to ` purple rain ' . the hookers and hipster have take over the street while up above airbrush movie star stare down from they lofty billboard . 40 ext . parking lot / mini mall - morning . 40 it 's early morning and Driver 's be drive all night , unable to sleep . he head across the parking lot towards a garishly light mini-mall . up ahead a small group of gangbanger be hang out with intent . they see he come and look over intimidatingly . Driver 's only reaction be to bunch he car key in he hand , the longest key slide between he second and third finger like a weapon . the gangbanger do not see it but the unflinch look in he eye unnerve they and they look away , let he pass . 41 ext / int . BUFFALO bar and grill / LA - morning . 41 jukebox music play in the bar and grill . Driver sit on he own , work he way through a plate of bacon and egg . beard redneck offscreen mind if I cut in ?... Driver look up and see a burly redneck with a unkempt beard and a wrestler 's physique . the redneck slide into the seat opposite he . beard redneck you be Shannon 's buddy , right ? we meet last year . you drive I and my brother back from Palm Springs ... ( continued ) 21 9/24/10 41 continued : 41 Driver stare into the redneck 's coke - up eye , then look back down at he food . beard redneck next run we hire another wheelman - I spend six month in jail , my brother get himself kill ... ( he grin through yellowing tooth ) he be not much , mind you , just family ... Driver do not seem to hear he . beard redneck thing be - driver I be not interested ... Driver look up quietly , fix he with he icy gaze . the redneck 's smile slowly fade . he consider he response for a moment , then decide against it , stand up . beard redneck well , it 's good to see you again ... Driver carry on eat as if the man do not exist . 42 ext . forecourt / shannon' garage - day . 42 the loud stutter of a unhealthy engine . Shannon sit in the second hand race car he buy in montecito , revving the engine . shannon sound like a goddamn m - 16 ... Driver smile , pop the hood . as Shannon limp out of the vehicle he see a batter oldsmobile drive into the forecourt . he take one look at the owner , then run he hand through he white hair , break into a friendly smile . shannon gorgeous day just get even nicer . how can I help you , mar 'am ? woman' voice o/ S I have get a problem with my car . shannon o/ S I can imagine . that thing must be older than I be ... Driver turn around in surprise now , recognize irene 's voice . ( continued ) 22 9/24/10 42 continued : 42 irene hi ... driver hi ... a mischievous smile light up Shannon 's face as he watch they . shannon you boy and girl know each other ? irene we be neighbor . shannon I see ... Driver ignore the sly look in the old man' eye . shannon so what seem to be the problem , mar 'am ? irene either it do not start or it stall . shannon well , why do not we park she over there and take a look ... Driver be still watch irene quietly . irene I can come back later if you be busy ... shannon he 's busy , I be not ... Shannon give Driver another sly look as he take she car key . 43 ext . shannon' garage / silverlake boulevard - day . 43 the oldsmobile 's engine look like it have not be service in year . Shannon be bent over the hood . shannon ... just my opinion , but I think you should consider buy a new car ... irene ( with gentle irony ) that would be great ... she glance round and see benicio stand in the forecourt with Driver , watch he work on he own car now . ( continued ) 23 9/24/10 43 continued : 43 Driver 's so busy tuning the engine he hardly notice the boy . his lack of interest finally get a rise out of benicio . benicio that thing do not work . driver ( without look round ) you think ? benicio watch he sullenly , more intrigue than he let on . benicio drive it . driver okay . get in the car ... benicio consider a moment , then turn and call out to irene . benicio mama , can I go in the car ?! irene look over in surprise , not sure what to say . 44 int / ext . driver' car / silverlake boulevard - day . 44 Driver and benicio sit in the chevelle , drive in silence . driver you mom say you like movie ? benicio sometimes . driver ever see the terminator ? benicio no . driver grease ? benicio shake he head . driver wanna see where it be shot ? 45 int . shannon' garage / silverlake boulevard - day . 45 Shannon 's get he tool kit out , examine the old . irene look at the forecourt but there 's no sign of Driver and she son . ( continued ) 24 9/24/10 45 continued : 45 irene how long have he be work for you ? shannon do not worry , mar 'am , you son'll be fine . irene I do not mean it like that ... Shannon smile to himself , sense she interest in Driver . shannon we be together about five year now . he show up out of the blue one day , no reference or nothin' , ask I for a job . I offer he half the wage I normally pay and he do not even blink . be exploit he ever since ... ( he grins ) only thing he know be car ... 46 int / ext . driver' car / LA river - day . 46 the car roar along the drainage canal . in the passenger seat benicio look tense but exhilated . the car glide past a landscape of abandon shopping cart , garbage bag , and shred tire , pick up speed all the time . 47 ext . LA river - day . 47 Driver 's park the car now in a area of the drainage canal which look like a oasis . he lean against the vehicle , soft rock play on he radio as he watch benicio climb a tree . 48 int . driver' car / silverlake - night . 48 benicio be asleep in the back of Driver 's car now . Driver 's give he and irene a ride back to they apartment . irene look at Driver , wait for he to say something , but he keep he eye fix on the road . 49 int . benicio' bedroom / irene's apartment / echo park - night . 49 cradle the sleep benicio in he arm Driver lay he down on he bed . irene take off she son 's clothes and put on he pyjamas , careful not to wake he . Driver slip out of the room , uncomfortable with the intimate moment between mother and son . 50 int . live room / irene's apartment / echo park - night . 50 irene walk out of the bedroom , smile at Driver gratefully . irene thank you for today . he have a great time ... ( continued ) 25 9/24/10 50 continued : 50 driver I be glad ... he stare back at she in the silence , both of they look a little uncertain . irene I be sorry if I put you on the spot , you know , just show up like that ... driver do not worry ... they eye stay on each other , the attraction palpable . Driver finally break the tension , make a tentative move towards the door . irene open it for he , look up into he eye . Driver know he could kiss she , want to , but something inside hold he back . instead he just offer he help . driver you need a ride anywhere over the weekend I be not do much ... 50a int . dentist / NORTH hollywood - day . 50 a benicio sit in a dentist 's chair , look nervous . irene sit beside he , mimick he expression , try to make he relax . 51 ext . dentist / NORTH hollywood - day . 51 irene emerge with benicio from the dentist . the little boy be clutching he mouth , make a show of be in pain . irene tease he gently as they walk . Driver wait for they in he car , watch they quietly . 52 int . driver' car / echo park - sunset . 52 Soft rock play on the car radio . irene sit in the passenger seat with a smile . Driver look at she curiously as he drive , no idea why she 's grin . benicio suddenly lean forward and change the radio to a different station -- hard rock blaring out . Driver let it go for a moment , then change it back . benicio respond , until it become a game , irene laugh now . 53 ext . shannon' garage / silverlake boulevard - day . 53 the roar of machinery . we see quick shot of Driver 's day in the garage -- fix car , take out some fruit he 's leave to ripen in he tool box for lunch , work on more engine and frame . at the end of the day Driver and Shannon examine the stock car . shannon ... I still can not believe I buy this piece of shit ... ( continued ) 26 9/24/10 53 continued : 53 he grin , look at Driver . shannon I think maybe we would take she for a run Thursday or Friday . driver I can not make Friday . shannon yeah ? why 's that ? driver I tell irene I would drive she to burbank . shannon irene , huh ? ( teasing he ) you be see quite a lot of the young lady . driver you be take a long time to fix she car ... 54 int . live room / irene's apartment / echo park - night . 54 on the tv , a japanese cartoon be play , a mask hero confront the villain , the screen flicker from color to black and white . Driver and benicio sit on the couch , watch the cartoon . from they relaxed body language it 's clear some time have pass and they know each other a little better . driver what 's happen now ? benicio he 's tell he if he do not leave the earth alone he will fight he . irene call out from she bedroom . irene o/ S I be almost ready ... Driver look back at the screen . Werewolves appear now , surround the hero . driver look like he 's in trouble . benicio he 's okay . just as the fight begin the color on the tv screen flicker . ( continued ) 27 9/24/10 54 continued : 54 driver I be gonna show you another trick ... benicio watch curiously as Driver get off the couch and kneel beside the tv . driver this be pretty complicated . you watch ? benicio nod . Driver suddenly give the tv set a hard smack and the interference stop . driver think you can remember that ?... benicio grin . Driver smile back then look away as he hear the phone ring . irene walk out of she bedroom , dress in she waitress 's uniform , and answer it . irene hello ?... yes ?... yes , this be she ... Driver see the look of surprise on irene 's face as she listen to the voice on the other end . the doorbell suddenly ring . irene catch Driver 's eye and ask he to open it . he head over , check the spy-hole , then open the door . a young woman who 's sit for benicio walk in , look at Driver curiously . young woman ( irene's friend ) hi ... driver hello ... benicio hi Cindy ... irene 's friend head past Driver and scold benicio affectionately . irene's friend it 's 8:30 . teeth . pyjamas . tv off . benicio it 's not the tv . it 's a dvd ... Driver look back at irene now . she put down the phone , force a smile but still look distract . 55 int / ext . driver' car / echo park - night . 55 irene sit next to Driver in the passenger seat , stare out of the window at the glitter fountain in echo Park . ( continued ) 28 9/24/10 55 continued : 55 irene I have never come this way before ... driver it 's a short cut ... irene the park look pretty at night ... she look at Driver , watch he quietly , then look away again . driver you okay ?... irene take a long time to answer , still stare out of the window . irene that be my husband 's lawyer on the phone . he 's get a early release ... she try to sound casual . Driver take the news quietly , even though it hit he like a sledgehammer . driver that 's great ... irene I be happy for benicio ... Driver know she 's try to explain herself but do not say anything , drive in silence . up ahead the traffic light turn red and the car slow to a stop . Inside , the silence be unbearable . irene pause , then look at Driver . he 's even more handsome in the shadowy half - light , something achingly lonely and melancholy about he stillness . she hesitates , then move she hand towards he , brush the back of he hand , then slip she finger between he . the gesture be tiny but charge with emotion . they both stare out in silence , finger clasped , then irene gently withdraw she hand , as if nothing 's happen . outside the light change to green . 56 int . irene's apartment / echo park - sunset . 56 the sound of laughter . a sign over the door say , welcome home dad . Inside the apartment there 's a small party go on . ( continued ) 29 9/24/10 56 continued : 56 irene 's husband , standard , have be release from jail and he friend and family be here to celebrate . holding benicio in he arm he make a thank you speech to he guest . standard ... I be touch and grateful that you be all here today -- even though I know it 's probably for the food not I ... his self - deprecate humor get a chorus of laughter and agreement from the guest . irene be stand next to she friend Cindy , look a little uncomfortable . standard ... anyhow , now that I have complete my mba in catering from chino Business School ... ( more laughter ) irene , benicio and I be finally go to get we life back together ... he raise he glass to she . standard I would like to thank my wife for be the smartest , most beautiful , most patient and loyal woman I know ... more applause . irene stare back at Standard 's handsome face , feel even more uncomfortable . 57 int . driver' bedroom / apartment / echo park - sunset . 57 Driver lie on he bed , gaze up at the ceiling , listen to the sound of the party echoing down the corridor . 58 int . irene's apartment / echo park - night . 58 it 's nighttime and the party 's get louder . Standard 's on the phone to someone , try to hear they over the music . standard I be sorry , I can not hear you ... he head into the bedroom to take the call . the voice on the other end be accented and unfriendly . man' voice on the phone can you hear I now , you cunt ? Standard pause , look concerned . standard sure . ( continued ) 30 9/24/10 58 continued : 58 man' voice on the phone you be gonna come see I tomorrow , you understand ?... across the crowded room , irene be look for Standard . she see he in the bedroom , switch off he phone , and head over . irene benicio want you to put he to bed . standard okay . he give she a warm smile . irene who be that on the phone ? standard my parole officer . he think he may have find I a job . 59 int . driver' bedroom / apartment / echo park - night . 59 the noise of the party be finally too much for Driver . he get off the bed and slip on he jacket . 60 int . apartment / corridor / echo park - night . 60 irene be find the party overwhelming too . she head out into the corridor to have a cigarette when she see Driver across the hallway , lock the door to he own apartment . she hesitates , then call out . irene hey ... he turn around and see she stand there with a smile . irene I be sorry about the noise . I be go to leave a note under you door warning you we be have a party . driver do not worry . I will not complain . irene I wish you would . maybe the cop would show up and send everybody home . they eye stay on each other , the music pound in the background . ( continued ) 31 9/24/10 60 continued : 60 irene the car work great by the way . have not stall once . driver I be glad . another awkward silence , so much she want to say but can not . irene listen , if you be hungry we get plenty of food - suddenly she turn around as she hear she apartment door open . Standard stand there with benicio , hold a bag of trash . he pause , then smile . standard I think if we emptied the trash everyone would get the message and go home ... he grin at he wife , then look over at Driver , he smile hide whatever he feel inside . standard you be the new neighbor , right ? benicio 's tell I all about you ... Driver seem unsure how to respond . driver he 's a great kid . standard I can not take any of the credit . he 's get a great mother . Standard rest he hand gently on benicio 's head , still stare at Driver . standard he tell I you drive for the movie ? driver yeah . standard must be pretty good ? driver I get by . standard not like a nine to five gig , huh ?... ( continued ) 32 9/24/10 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 he 's still smile but there 's a slight edge to he voice . irene look uncomfortable . irene you want I to take that ? standard no , we get it . his eye be still fix on Driver . standard you want to come in , join we for a drink ? driver I have get some thing to do . standard at this hour of night ? irene Standard , he 's busy ... Standard do not respond , still hold Driver 's gaze . standard well , if we be still go by the time you be back you know where we be . it 's good to meet you ... he slip he arm around he son now and continue down the corridor , brush past Driver on he way to empty the trash . Driver look at irene , then head off in the same direction as Standard and benicio to take the elevator . the two man stand there in charge silence , one empty the trash , the other wait for the elevator , only benicio oblivious to the tension . 61 ext / int . driver' car / LA - night . 61 brood movie star look down from the billboard . Driver be in he car now , soft rock play on the radio . 62 int . irene's apartment / echo park - day . 62 Standard be help he son get ready for school , interact with he affectionately . irene watch they from the doorway , look thoughtful . 63 ext / int . driver' car / LA - day . 63 anonymous street roll by , Driver 's eye fix on the road . 33 9/24/10 64 int . chuck E. cheese restaurant / LA - night . 64 Standard , irene and benicio be have dinner at a Chuck E. cheese restaurant . we still sense the distance between Standard and irene , but benicio seem completely unaware of it , talk excitedly as he eat he pizza . Standard reach out and take irene 's hand gently as he listen to he son . 65 omitted 65 66 int . shannon' garage / silver lake boulevard - day . 66 a noise of hammer and drill . the corporate signage have be scrape off the race car and the seat rip out . bernie Rose have buy he partner nino to the garage to take a look at he investment . nino ... we pay three hundred fuck grand for this ? bernie rose I pay for it . out of my own pocket . anyway , that 's just the shell . you start with the shell , then you build the frame , then the motor . ( point to a engine nearby ) I pay three hundred for that . the money go on the inside not the outside . nino fuck that . if I be gonna blow three hundred I wanna make sure everyone can see it . go waste you money on something else ... Shannon smile nervously , worried nino 's go to sabotage he deal with bernie . nino ( point to a thunderbird ) ... how about that fuck pussy mobile over there . bernie rose you buy it . Shannon sell he the car ... at the far end of the garage Driver hear they laugh , too busy work on he car to pay any attention . Shannon open the door of the thunderbird and invite nino to take a seat . shannon try she out . she 's more comfortable than a water bed . ( continued ) 34 9/24/10 66 continued : 66 nino I already get a fuck water bed . he sit heavily in the car and start prodding and press all the control button as if he want to break they . nino what do this fuck thing do ? shannon windshield wiper . nino how about this little clit ? I do not know whether to fuck it or drive it . fuck it , I will drive it ... bernie Rose shake he head at he partner 's foul language then look away , observe Driver quietly . Driver apply a blow torch to he car , so absorb in he work he do not hear bernie Rose approach . bernie rose o/ S how you do ?... Driver hear he and turn off the blow torch , stand up respectfully . bernie Rose give he a friendly smile . bernie rose so , when 's we first race ? driver soon. bernie rose you gonna be ready ? there 's something gently challenging in he gaze . driver I hope so ... bernie rose cautious man . like myself . do not wanna make promise you can not keep ... Driver smile but do not respond . bernie Rose find he as hard to talk to as everyone else . across the garage , nino sit in the t- Bird with Shannon , still fuck with he . bernie watch they . bernie rose he ever tell you how we meet ? ( continued ) 35 9/24/10 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 Driver shake he head . bernie rose I do some produce back in the 80' . interesting picture . kind of european . Shannon arrange the car for we and do all the stunt . I know he be overcharge I but I love have he around . his next business venture he try the same thing with some of nino 's friend they break he spine . he never have much luck ... he 's about to continue when they be interrupt by a familiar voice . standard o/ S hey !... Driver turn around and see irene 's husband , Standard , head towards he with a confident smile . standard you get a minute ? I want to - bernie rose we be talk ... bernie Rose barely raise he voice but it 's full of quiet menace and authority . Standard pause , stung , but instinctively sense this be someone you do not mess with . standard I will wait outside ... bernie Rose watch he leave with a look of contempt , then turn back to Driver with a smile , resume they conversation . bernie rose the reason I be tell you this be because he 's get a lot invest in you . so do I ... they eye stay on each other with just a hint of tension . bernie rose anything you need just let I know ... Driver nod . bernie Rose study he a moment , then finally walk away . 67 ext . shannon' garage / silver lake boulevard - day . 67 Driver join Standard in the forecourt of the garage , the midday sun blaze down on they . ( continued ) 36 9/24/10 67 continued : 67 standard irene tell I you would fix we car . how much do I owe you ? driver do not worry about it . standard I do worry . I like to pay my debt . Driver sense the quiet pride in he voice , and let it go . driver call it fifty . Standard count out some bill from he tatter wallet , he eye lower . standard I be think of trading she in for a new car . something fast and cheap . driver you can not have both . standard alright then , fast . even though he smile Driver sense just a hint of tension on he handsome face . driver ( point to a car ) something like that buick over there ' will cost you nine grand but there be not much point in a city where you can not drive faster than sixty five . Standard consider the car a moment , something clearly bother he , then look back at Driver . standard you must think I be a asshole ? Driver be not sure what he 's get at . driver I would not know . standard well , I be . six month inside for hold somebody else 's steal shit ... he smile ironically , he gaze still fix on Driver . ( continued ) 37 9/24/10 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 standard I appreciate what you do for my family when I be away but I do not plan to fuck up a second time ... it 's a thinly veile message that he 's back and here to stay . Driver stare back at he when Shannon emerge from the garage with bernie Rose and nino , call out . shannon hey , kid ! come say goodbye , the money people be leave !... Driver and Standard stare at each other a moment longer then Driver break off . driver Excuse I . standard see you around ... Driver walk off , leave Standard alone with he thought . Shannon watch Standard curiously as Driver approach . shannon who be that ? driver irene 's husband . shannon ( grinning ) what do I tell you about marry woman ? nino can not resist another dig at Shannon . nino what the fuck do you know about marry woman ? bernie rose can you for once say something without the word fuck in it ? as they continue they banter , Driver glance at Standard . he 's walk back to he car , dialling someone on he cell phone . 68 int / ext . driver' car / mexican restaurant / downtown - night . 68 pass traffic blur past . through the window of a mexican restaurant we see irene at work , serve table in she waitress 's uniform . ( continued ) 38 9/24/10 68 continued : 68 Driver 's park across the street , watch she from he car . he hesitates , conflict , then finally get out of the car . 69 int . mexican restaurant / broadway / downtown L.A. - night . 69 irene walk out of the kitchen with a tray of food , then stop as she see Driver sit at a booth . she look surprised to see he , but pleased , serve she table first then head over . irene hi ... driver hi ... they eye stay on each other , oblivious to the noise . irene we have not see you around in a while . you must have be pretty busy ?... driver you look pretty busy yourself ... she smile , glance at the table she 's suppose to serve . irene what can I get you ? driver I already eat . I just want to see how you be ? his concern touch she and make she uncomfortable at the same time . irene we be okay . Standard think he may have find a job so I can give up my night shift ... Driver stare back at she with he intense gaze . irene benicio miss you ... from the way she say it she could almost be talk about herself . irene he keep ask I to invite you for dinner ... ( continued ) 39 9/24/10 69 continued : 69 driver I would like that ... his gentle gaze be finally too much for she . she grin , excuse herself . irene I better serve some food ... it 's only when she have she back turn that we see how hard this be for she . Driver watch she walk away , lose in think . 70 int . kitchen / mexican restaurant - night . 70 irene pile some plate of taco on she tray , brace herself to go back out and face Driver -- but when she finally walk out again he 's no longer there . 71 int / ext . driver' car / apartment block / echo park - night . 71 Driver lean out of he car window and insert a key to open the gate of the underground car park . 72 int / ext . driver' car / underground car park - night . 72 as Driver descend into the darkness of the car park , he see a group of shadowy figure walk in the opposite direction , head up the ramp , one of they be push in a wheelchair . they leader , a large , bald man , ( cook ) , glance in Driver 's direction then look away . Driver cruise past the mysterious group and wind he way further down the car park . suddenly he notice something else in the shadow . a figure lie sprawle against one of the pillar . a smaller figure kneel a few foot away . Driver stop he car now , climb out to see what 's happen . the prone figure groan in pain . as Driver approach he realize it 's Standard . his face be cover in blood and he clutches he rib . the smaller figure be benicio . he stare at he father helplessly , then look up at Driver in tear . Driver kneel beside Standard , check nothing 's break . driver can you move ? standard where 's benicio ? driver he 's right here ... Driver glance at benicio . he look terrify . Standard raise he head painfully and look at he son . ( continued ) 40 9/24/10 72 continued : 72 standard it 's okay , benicio . I be okay ... Driver watch the boy struggle to hold back he tear . standard ( gently ) do not say anything to you mother , you understand ? this be between you and I . benicio nod , too choke - up to speak . Standard turn to Driver . standard can I use you bathroom to clean up ? I do not want irene to come home and see I like this ... 73 int . bathroom / driver' apartment / echo park - night . 73 Standard be bent over the sink , splash water on he face . as he turn off the tap he notice how neatly Driver 's laid out he toothbrush , shave cream , and razor . he finally turn around and look at Driver . standard thanks . sorry about get all this blood everywhere ... he 's still shake but try to pass it off with a smile . standard Fucking punk take I by surprise ... Driver watch he , unconvince . driver Fucking punk do not look like they need to ... Standard look at he in surprise now . standard you see they , huh ?... Driver do not answer , wait for he to continue . Standard hesitates , still not sure whether to trust he . standard you ever be inside ? driver why ? ( continued ) 41 9/24/10 73 continued : 73 Standard take another glance at the item laid out neatly by the sink . standard I owed some protection money in the joint . Driver begin to see how worried he be . driver how much ? standard they want twenty thousand . I tell they I could not pay so they want I to do a job for they ... driver be that why you need a car ? Standard stare back at he . standard what do you say you be inside for ? driver I do not . a beat , then he finally open up . standard it 's a pawn shop in the valley . I try to back out tonight , they say they would come after irene and benicio next time ... Driver stare at he in surprise now , more concerned than he show . driver why do not you take they away ? standard where would I go ? irene find out I fuck up again I will lose everything ... he sound upset , angry with himself . standard this lousy job 's my only way out ... Driver stare at he batter face and the blood stain on he t- shirt , then walk out of the bathroom to check on benicio . 42 9/24/10 74 int . live room / driver' apartment / echo park - night . 74 benicio be watch a baseball game on tv , he back to Driver . driver you okay ? the little boy nod without turn round , still frighten by he ordeal . driver you want something to drink ? benicio shake he head , try to hide he tear . Driver head over , then stop as he notice something in benicio 's hand . the little boy be clutching it as if he 's afraid to let go . driver what have you get there ?... benicio hold out he hand to reveal a small bullet . Driver stare at it , then look at he . driver who give you that ?... benicio one of that man . he tell I not to lose it ... Driver gaze at the little boy 's frighten face in concern now , he eye faraway , think to himself . 75 omitted 75 76 ext . outdoor taco shack / east LA - day . 76 a outdoor food shack in a park . cook , the leader of the group of man who beat Standard up in the parking lot , sit at a table with he girlfriend , blanche , a stun blonde with short cropped hair . cook I have get you to do this fuck job for I , why do I need to pay someone else ? Standard sit next to Driver , hold he ground even though he 's clearly intimidate by the albanian . standard I will pay he out of what 's leave of my share . I can not do something like this on my own . ( continued ) 43 9/24/10 76 continued : 76 cook you get blanche ... he grin , look at Driver now . blanche do not even seem to hear they , hang -over from the previous night . cook you look like you be hard to work with ? driver not if we understand each other . cook what 's to understand ? it 's my score . either you sign on or you do not . Driver stare at he quietly , find it hard to conceal he contempt . driver I drive . that 's all I do . blanche get up from the table before cook can respond . cook where be you go ? blanche they have forget my Coke . cook they will bring it . sit down . ( his eye still fix on Driver ) Standard , why do not you hire a fuck taxi cab ? standard he do not mean it like that , man ... Standard look worried , try to diffuse the tension . cook so , what do he mean ? Driver look he calmly in the eye . driver you tell I where we start , where we be head , where we will be go afterwards . I do not take part , I do not carry weapon , I drive ... Standard seem surprised by Driver 's professional patter . so do cook . even blanche look interested for once . ( continued ) 44 9/24/10 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 cook Standard , get blanche she coca cola . Standard hesitates , but have no choice . as he leave to fetch blanche she drink , cook start to write something down on the palm of he hand . cook okay , here 's the deal . this much for blanche , this much for that asshole minus what he owe I , and this much for you ... he hold up the palm of he hand to Driver , the word fuck off write in marker pen . cook you still interested ? Driver look at he , all he instinct tell he to walk away , but he stay where he be , think of irene and benicio . cook good . anything else ?... Driver stare back at he with he clear blue eye . driver we do this job he 's pay he debt . you leave he and he family alone ... cook look surprised at first , then laugh at he nerve . cook whatever you say , boss ... 77 ext . parking lot / east LA - day . 77 the midday sun beat down on a maze of car . Driver stroll past row of glitter vehicle until he spot a old model mustang . 78 int . live room / irene's apartment / echo park - night . 78 Driver sit at the dinner table with Standard , irene and benicio now . Standard 's in high spirit , beam at he wife . standard ... I be such a jerk the first time we meet . we be at this party and I see the most beautiful girl I ever laid eye on and I walk over and say , ` hello miss , my name 's Standard guzman ' . she take one look at I and ask , ` where 's the deluxe version ? '... ( he laugh ) it take I like a minute to get it ... ( continued ) 45 9/24/10 78 continued : 78 irene smile awkwardly , glance at Driver . benicio grin , eager to please he dad . standard you do not get it either do you , benicio ? hope you do not inherit you papa 's brain . he ruffle he son 's hair then pour himself another shot of tequila . irene notice he 's drink , turn to Driver . irene would you like some more chicken ? driver thanks ... they eye stay on each as she serve he . Standard see the look between they but he only reaction be to drain he glass and tuck into he food . standard now this be what I call a deluxe chicken . irene and I be gonna open a restaurant together once I raise the money . that 's why she 's work in that mexican joint . figure out how it 's do . she 's get more ambition than anyone I know , more smart too ... ( he raise he glass ) we be gonna drive all that fuck mexican out of business - irene standard - standard Excuse my language , benicio ... irene ( change the subject ) how 's the movie go ?... driver Fine ... irene look at Standard as he pour himself another drink . irene do not you think that 's enough ? standard come on , we be celebrate . I have get my family around I and we new friend ... ( continued ) 46 9/24/10 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 he raise he glass to Driver now . Driver sense how nervous he be about the job ahead , and how uncomfortable he be depend on someone he wife clearly admire . irene be you work on anything else ? standard stop ask the poor guy all this question - irene ( losing patience ) then why do not you go ahead and talk for all of we . standard all right , I will . this time next week I be gonna take you and benicio away with I ... irene stop and look at he in surprise . standard where you wanna go , benicio ?... his quiet confidence concern she even more . benicio disneyland . standard forget disneyland . I be gonna take you and you mother away from this bullshit city - irene benicio , it 's time for bed - standard you papa 's get it all figure out - irene benicio , you hear I - standard it 's okay . I will take he ... Standard get up from the table , lift benicio up in he arm and carry he back to he bedroom . Driver watch they . even in this kind of mood Standard 's clearly devote to he son . irene wait until they be go , then turn back to Driver . irene I be sorry . ( continued ) 47 9/24/10 78 continued : ( 3 ) 78 driver do not worry ... she hesitates , tear , then look up at he again , need to confide in someone . irene every time he make that speech about take I and benicio away from here he 's in some kind of trouble ... Driver see the deep concern in she eye and feel even more tear . irene get up , clear away some plate . 79 int . underground parking lot / apartment / echo park - night . 79 Driver stride through the parking lot and climb in he car . 80 int . car / underground parking lot / echo park - night . 80 Driver sit in the car as if it 's he retreat from the world . he stare out , then turn on a stop watch , listen to it tick , find he balance again in the familiarity of the ritual . 81 ext . pawn shop / tarazana / LA - day . 81 the pawn shop be nothing much to look at from the outside , another anonymous LA store front . Driver 's park the car a hundred yard from the entrance , he police scanner crackle . Standard sit beside he in the passenger seat , look tense . driver you do not have to do this . standard ( force a smile ) what be you talk about ? he try to make light of it but do not sound convincing . out of he window he see blanche cross the street and enter the pawn shop and look even more nervous now . standard irene and benicio think the world of you , you know that , right ?... Driver glance at he , sense he anxiety . standard say something happen to I , you think you could find a way to take care of they ?... Standard 's still stare ahead , but Driver can sense he fear . ( continued ) 48 9/24/10 81 continued : 81 driver it 's not too late ... Standard consider a moment , then shake he head . standard I gotta do this for they ... he force a smile , slip on he sunglass , then finally open the door . driver you get five minute ... standard ( grinning ) I will see you in four ... Driver watch he cross the street with a strong sense of forebode . Standard enter the pawn shop . Driver start he stopwatch now , listen to the second tick away . he cast he eye around the street , observe the smallest detail -- the number plate of other vehicle ; the window of overlook building . the white hot sun blaze down , reflect on the pawn shop window , hide everything inside . the police scanner crackle but pick up no activity . Driver listen to he stop watch , in he own world . he start the engine and set off , cruise slowly past the pawn shop , head for the corner where he tell Standard he would be wait . he pull over by the curb when suddenly he notice something . park a hundred yard down the road he see another vehicle glint in the sunlight . to the ordinary eye it 's no different from the other car park nearby , but to Driver it stand out . for one , it 's a Chrysler . secondly , it have reinforce bumper and racing tire . Driver 's stopwatch show four minute now . he look away from the Chrysler , gaze at the door of the pawn shop , expect Standard and blanche to burst out at any moment . but there 's no sign of they . the second tick away . five minute . Driver hesitates , all he instinct tell he to drive off , but he stay where he be , think of irene . suddenly he see Standard and blanche emerge from the pawn shop , Standard clutching a big black gym bag in he hand . ( continued ) 49 9/24/10 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 he smile at Driver as he approach when suddenly he hear the crack of gunshot behind he . Driver see the look of panic on he face as he spin around . a guy in a suit stride out of the pawn shop . crouch low in a expert fire position he squeeze off several shot . the force of the bullet send Standard fly . Driver see he hit the sidewalk , arterial blood pump from he neck . blanche scream , grab the gym bag and leaping into the back seat of the car . Driver hesitates , take one last look at Standard 's lifeless body , then hit the gas as more gunshot crack behind he . as Driver 's car roar down the street , the Chrysler suddenly come to life , pull out of its parking place . 82 int / ext . car / STREET / tarzana / LA - day . 82 Driver glance in he rear-view mirror and see the Chrysler on he tail . it do not seem to be try to close the gap , just follow at a discreet distance . in the back seat , blanche zip open the gym bag , then stare in shock . blanche ... Christ , there be not suppose to be this much money !... there be literally stack of hundred dollar bill cramme inside the gym bag . Driver catch she reaction in the mirror , but he attention be focuss on the Chrysler . up ahead , at a intersection , the light turn red . Driver think about run they , but decide against it , brake sharply . the Chrysler draw up beside he , its window glint in the sunlight . blanche move for chrissake !... Driver ignore she , still watch the Chrysler out of the corner of he eye . the light change to green but Driver do not move . nor do the Chrysler . behind they , other car start honk they horn . suddenly Driver roar off , swerving leave at speed . the Chrysler react , screeching off in pursuit . Driver floor the gas . on speed and power he vehicle may be no match for the Chrysler , but in traffic the odd be even . he weave he way past the slower car , put obstacle between himself and the Chrysler . the pursue car match he move for move , stay on he tail . in the back seat , blanche look terrify , buckle herself in . ( continued ) 49 a 9/24/10 82 continued : 82 Driver swerve leave then suddenly make a hard right onto a desert canyon road . the mustang somehow manage to make the same turn . it get close enough to " pit " Driver , its nose press against the rear corner of Driver 's vehicle . Driver 's almost run off the road , but manage to save it and regains control of he car . the mustang pull out wide to build momentum and smash into he . as it move in to deliver the knockout blow , Driver pull the emergency brake and spin 180 degree , cause the mustang to miss and lose control for a brief moment . now the two car be nose to nose , barrel down the road , Driver head in reverse as fast as he can , the mustang close fast . it ram Driver 's front bumper . bam ! the two car separate for a instant . the mustang gun it , ready to smash into Driver again ... Driver clock a upcoming three way intersection dot with construction equipment . in a last ditch attempt to evade he pursuer he throw a reverse 180 , then incredibly keep go , spin 270 degree . the mustang try to make the same turn , but this time the maneuver be beyond he ability . Driver 's sucker he into a corner he can not control . the mustang crash into the construction equipment in a sicken crunch of metal on metal . Driver gun the motor and speed away . 50 9/24/10 83 ext . motel / LA - day . 83 purple neon spill onto the forecourt of a seedy motel . 84 int . motel room - day . 84 the black gym bag lie open on a double bed , full to the brim with stack of cash . blanche sit on the bed , look pale . driver how much do cook tell you you could expect to net ? blanche forty Grand ... she glance at the bag , stare at how much more money there be . Driver switch on the cheap tv set with the remote , flick through the news channel . there 's no mention of the robbery yet . he zip up the bag and head out . driver stay here . do not answer the door ... blanche nod , too shake to protest . 85 ext . motel / LA - day . 85 Driver hesitates , then dial a number on he cell - phone . benicio answer . benicio' voice on the phone hello ?... Driver hear the tremor in he voice . driver benicio ?... benicio' voice on the phone yeah ?... driver be you mom there ?... ( continued ) 51 9/24/10 85 continued : 85 there 's a uncomfortable silence . Driver can feel the little boy try to hold it together . benicio' voice on the phone she 's talk to the police ... 85 a int . irene's apartment / echo park - day . 85 a in the live room we can see irene sit on the couch with a male and female police officer , look daze , take in the news of Standard 's death . intercut Driver pause , still on the phone to benicio . driver tell she I will call later ... 86 int . motel room - day . 86 a soap opera play on the tv . Driver walk back into the motel room . blanche lie on the bed , look more relaxed . Driver pick up the remote and flick through the channel until he finally find a break news story on the robbery . there be a police mug-shot of Standard on screen . tv report ... the armed robber be pronounce dead at the scene . he be identify as Standard guzman of echo Park , Los Angeles ... Driver listen to the report in silence . blanche seem upset again , confront with the reality of what 's happen . tv report ... other detail be unclear but the owner of the pawn shop tell reporter that the robber have no accomplice and that the item he would take have be recover . in other news ... Driver switch off the tv , stare at the blank screen in surprise . he turn to blanche . driver the guy see you grab the money and jump in the car -- why do not he say anything ? blanche I have no idea . driver any idea there would be another car wait ? ( continued ) 52 9/24/10 86 continued : 86 this time she take a fraction too long to answer . blanche I already tell you everything - Driver suddenly slap she -- hard . driver you just get a little kid 's father kill . you think I will not hurt you ? he raise he hand to slap she again and this time she talk , tear welling in she eye . blanche ... cook tell I another car would hold we up ... but he never say anything about this much money or anyone get kill ... Driver stare at she quietly , beginning to put the piece together in he head . driver you be gonna rip we off and split the take ? she nod guiltily . driver how long have you know he ? blanche just a couple month . we be fool around . I have never be mix up in anything like this - driver you know he real name ? blanche he tell I it be Chris , but I just call he cook . driver you be go to take I to he right now , you understand ? she nod , terrify , tear run down she face . blanche .... can I go wash up ?... Driver nod distractedly , he mind racing . blanche head over to the bathroom . ( continued ) 53 9/24/10 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 as she disappear inside Driver notice something on the bed where she 's just be lie . it 's she cell phone . still flip open as if she 's call someone recently . Driver reach for the cell phone when he notice the silhouette of a man crossing the curtain . someone 's outside . the door handle of the motel room start to turn , slowly -- then suddenly there 's the roar of a shotgun from the bathroom . Driver react in a instant , rush towards the bathroom door . he have to barge it open , something obstruct he way . 87 int . bathroom / motel room - day . 87 Driver almost trip over blanche 's sprawle body as he burst through . one quick glance and he know she 's dead - half she head blow off . another quick glance and he see she killer , a big burly hitman , try to climb through the same bathroom window where he just shot she . Driver move like lightning , grab the man 's arm before he can get off another shot and pull he through the window . the hitman land heavily in a sea of break glass , cut he forehead open , blind momentarily by the blood in he eye . Driver take he opportunity and slam the man 's face back into the glass strewn floor , stun he for a few more second as they struggle . crawl away , he grab the towel rack and pull the metal bar off the wall . use it as a spear he impale the hitman and grab he shotgun . 88 int . motel room - day . 88 in the bedroom , the 2nd hitman finally kick the door open . Driver burst through the bathroom door at the same time -- fire the 1st shooter 's shotgun . the force of the blast pick up the 2nd hitman and fling he against the wall like a rag doll . the startling explosion of violence be over just as suddenly as it begin . Driver slump to the floor in exhaustion , he hand and he arm rip open by the break glass . there 's blood splatter all over the wall . neon light from outside flash on the dead man 's face . but no panicked footstep or siren yet . Driver crawl over to the dead hitman and rifle through he pocket . all he find be a set of car key . 89 int . office / shannon' garage - day . 89 Shannon stand in he office , listen silently on the phone , look like he 's be punch in the gut . ( continued ) 54 9/24/10 89 continued : 89 shannon why do not you tell I ?... all he hear be silence on the other end . shannon well , I guess it 's do now ... he lean back against a car . shannon how big 's the take ?... driver' voice on the phone one million I guess ... shannon Jesus ... he look daze by the think of so much money . shannon you better bring it over . driver' voice on the phone I be hurt . I need a doctor to patch I up ... shannon I will take care of it ... 90 omitted 90 91 int . office / shannon' garage - night . 91 a underworld doctor , " doc " , a shabbily dress old man who look well past he prime take out a small bottle of scotch along with he surgical tool , prepare for Driver 's arrival . Shannon watch he uncertainly then head downstairs as he hear a noise in the garage . 92 int . shannon' garage - night . 92 Shannon arrive downstairs to see Driver walk unsteadily towards he in the gloom . Shannon can not help glance at he hand , expect he to be carry the bag with the money , but there 's no sign of it . 93 int . office / shannon' garage / silver lake boulevard - night .93 scissor Driver 's blood soak shirt away Doc examine the shard of glass embed in he arm , then notice the deep scar run down he back . ( continued ) 55 9/24/10 93 continued : 93 doc ... look like you get more metal inside you than a ten ton truck ... ( his hand shake ) you would be better off with a mechanic not a medic ... Driver look up at he warily from Shannon 's pull out bed . doc relax . just have my fun with you ... Doc pick up he bottle of scotch from among he bowl of peroxide and betadine , take a drink , then offer it to Driver . doc take a hit off that . chance be you ' will need it ... Driver shake he head , close he eye . Shannon watch he quietly , concerned for he but also curious about the money . shannon what do you do with the cash ? driver it 's safe . Shannon hesitates , but can not help himself . shannon you want I to look after it for you ? Driver do not answer , gritting he tooth as Doc pull out the large shard of glass . shannon just think what we could do with all that dough - driver two guy just try to kill I for it . I want to find out who it belong to first ... Shannon nod , come back down to earth . shannon this guy cook get a real name ?... driver maybe Chris . probably not ... shannon I will ask bernie if he 's hear of he ... ( continued ) 56 9/24/10 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 Driver grimace again as Doc pull out another shard of glass . shannon I wish you would talk to I first ... Driver do not reply , he eye fix on the ceiling . shannon lotta guy fall for other mens ' wife , but you be the only one I know rob a joint to make it up to the husband ... 94 int . bernie rose's apartment - day . 94 a elegant apartment full of frame photograph of beautiful grandchild and movie poster from Hollywood 's golden age . bernie be in he silk pyjamas , look like he 's just wake up . bernie rose you want some coffee ? shannon no , thanks ... Shannon look tense but try to hide it . from next door they can hear the sound of raise voice . bernie Rose grab the tv remote and turn up the volume to drow out he neighbor . bernie rose they have be go at it ever since they move in . she 's such a nice lady but it 's a lousy shidach . it 's a wonder they have not kill each other ... ( a beat ) so , what 's you interest in the seventh Heaven ? Shannon do not understand , look confuse . bernie rose it 's a strip joint on La cienega . you friend cook run it . why be you curious about he all of a sudden ? even though they be close , Shannon 's wary of give away too much information . shannon a friend of mine owe he some money . I be wonder if you know he ? bernie rose yeah , I know he . he 's a crazy albanian . if I be you friend I would pay up . ( continued ) 57 9/24/10 94 continued : 94 bernie Rose pour himself a cup of coffee in the kitchenette . bernie rose you wake I up this early this friend must be a close friend ? shannon ( hesitating ) yeah ... bernie rose how 's we car by the way ? shannon we be all set for next month . bernie rose and we driver ? shannon he 's do great . bernie rose that 's what you should worry about ... Shannon smile back but bernie sense how distract he be . bernie rose you want my advice ? let you friend work it out for himself . do not take pill for other people 's headache ... ( he grins ) you get twenty minute ? I need you to run down to the market and get I some milk ... 95 omitted 95 96 int . hall / stair / strip joint - day . 96 sunlight pour through a doorway . Driver head down some stair , pass some half naked stripper at the bar . there 's a handful of client watch a pole dance , but otherwise the place be empty . Driver turn down a long corridor . a couple of stripper emerge from they change room , surprised to see he , but he put they at ease with a friendly smile . driver cook move office again ? stripper that one over there ... Driver smile gratefully , then head towards a office at the end of the corridor . he knock on the door . a voice call back . ( continued ) 58 9/24/10 96 continued : 96 cook o/ S it 's open ... Driver take a hammer out of he jacket , then start turn the door handle as if he can not get in . cook o/ S it 's open , goddamit !... he hear cook stride impatiently towards the door now . he wait , then suddenly kick the door open , right in cook 's face . before cook can recover , Driver storm into the office , smash he across the shoulder with the hammer . cook collapse in a heap . Driver 's about to hit he again , when he see that cook 's leave hand be break and there be cut and bruise on he face . someone 's clearly give he a beat since the robbery . driver should have figure you for a shill . who be you front for ? cook fuck you - Driver smashes the hammer into cook 's right hand now , break it too . cook scream . some of the stripper have gather at the door but Driver could not care less . driver whose money be I hold ? cook do not worry . they will come get it . you do not know who you be fuck with - Driver smashes the hammer into the metal plate support cook 's leave hand . he scream like a stick pig . driver who 's money be I hold ? cook ( barely able to get the word out ) fuck you ... the stripper look stunne and rivete at the same time . Driver bend over cook and rifle through he pocket . finally he find what he 's look for . cook 's cell phone . he scroll down the call log and find the same number appear again and again . 97 omitted 97 59 9/24/10 98 int . nino' pizzeria - day . 98 the kitchen be busy , chef take out hot pizza from the oven and slice they up in takeaway box . in the background we hear the phone ringing . 99 int . back room / pizzeria - day . 99 a impeccably dress man in a tan suit answer the phone . tan suit hello ?... I be afraid we be close . could you call back after twelve ... 100 ext . parking lot / burger king / sunset boulevard - day . 100 ( intercut ) Driver lean against he car , talk on cook 's cell phone . driver I could , but you boss will not be happy when he find out you have keep he wait ... Tan suit look curious now . tan suit can I ask what this be about ? driver I have something that belong to he . tan suit and that would be ? driver a million dollar ... there 's a pause on the other line now . tan suit o/ S please hold ... 101 int . nino' pizzeria - day . 101 Tan suit walk into the dining area . a large bull of a man sit on he own in the empty restaurant with he back to we . it 's only when he hear Tan suit approach and turn around that we realize it 's nino , bernie 's partner . 102 ext . parking lot / burger king / sunset boulevard - day . 102 Driver hear a heavy chesty voice come on the line . ( continued ) 60 9/24/10 102 continued : 102 nino o/ S you have something that fuck belong to I ?... the voice be unmistakable . Driver stare quietly . driver seem that way ... ( intercut ) nino and you be call I why ? you expect I to buy my fuck stuff back from you ?... driver I be not sell . I give you a time and place , you come collect you stuff ... nino and what do you get out of it ?... driver just that . out of it . you put a muzzle on cook , forget you zomby at the Motel , forget we ever have this conversation ... nino 's think to himself , look more concerned than he sound . nino you partner happy with that ?... driver I do not have partner ... nino you discuss this with anyone else ? driver just you ... nino begin to relax now , still calculate . nino you be not very good at this , be you ?... driver this be not what I do . I will call again with instruction ... Driver switch the cell phone off . 61 9/24/10 103 int . back room / nino' pizzeria - day . 103 nino hang up . behind he we see that Tan suit be also in the room , wait for he order . 104 int . live room / irene's apartment / echo park - night . 104 irene be sit on the couch next to benicio , talk to he gently as he watch tv . irene ... I will be back before you go to bed . how 's that sound ?... the little boy nod , watch he japanese cartoon . irene 's friend , Cindy , be also there , gaze at they both in sympathy . irene look up at she . irene be you go to be okay ? cindy we will be fine ... irene get up to leave when the buzzer ring . she walk over and open the door then stop in surprise . Driver stand there . driver you get a minute ?... she look at he in a daze . irene where have you be ?... he stare back at she in silence . irene I try to reach you . Standard 's be - driver I know ... his eye stay on she , as if he 's try to tell she something more . she look confuse , stare back at he curiously when a small voice interrupt . benicio o/ S hey ... Driver look over at the little boy . driver hey ... ( continued ) 62 9/24/10 104 continued : 104 irene begin to see the guilt in he eye and slowly it hit she . she stare in disbelief , reeling . driver I be sorry about you father ... benicio nod . Driver keep stare at the boy but can not find any more word of comfort . irene watch he , still stunne . he look back at she . irene I can not talk now . I have to go . driver can I give you a ride ? she stare at he in dismay , close to tear . irene the car 's work fine . driver then let I walk you down ... she want to say no but can not . 105 int . corridor / apartment / echo park - night . 105 Driver and irene head down the long corridor in silence . irene ( almost a whisper ) why ?... Driver misunderstand , think she 's talk about Standard . driver he be into one of the prison gang for a lot of money . he be try to protect you . irene great job ... she walk faster now , stride towards the elevator . Driver follow she . driver I still have the money . whatever you need - she turn around and slap he hard . irene what be you , a bank ? I work for a live . I do not need you widow 's pension ! ( continued ) 63 9/24/10 105 continued : 105 her eye well up with tear , stare at he in anger and frustration . irene just tell I one thing . how do he talk you into it ? driver he do not talk I into anything . I have be do this my whole life . it 's what I do ... she stare at he in deep disappointment . irene stupid I ... she turn away when the elevator bell ring . the door open , revealing tan suit . neither Driver or irene recognize he but we do . he smile , pretend to look confuse . tan suit sorry , I be suppose to be go down ... irene so be we ... she step into the elevator . Driver follow she in . tan suit which floor ? driver parking lot , please ... Tan suit press the button and the door slide shut . 106 int . elevator / apartment block / echo park - night . 106 Driver and irene ride down in silence , they eye fix on each other . Tan suit watch they quietly , consider a move , but Driver glance at he and he smile , bide he time . the light on the panel descend . the elevator bell finally ring as they reach the lower level . Tan suit hesitates , but Driver wait for he to go out first . he nod goodnight and head off into the darkness of the parking lot . Driver follow irene , the two of they head in the opposite direction . 107 int . underground garage / apartment / echo park - night . 107 the overhead light flicker , the huge underground car park hide in shadow . Driver walk alongside irene in silence . in the distance Tan suit 's footstep slowly fade . ( continued ) 64 9/24/10 107 continued : 107 driver I be leave . I want you to come with I ... irene can not believe what she 's hearing . irene what be you talk about ? driver you and benicio ... she 's almost too stunne to speak , walk even faster now . irene you be crazy . I do not even know you - driver you will . once I straighten out this thing I be get out for good . we will go some place . anywhere you want . she shake she head , fight she feeling for he . irene it do not work like that . driver why not ?... she stop and look at he . irene because people like you never get out . and I do not want my son to grow up like that ... she hold he gaze with regret . Driver 's about to respond when suddenly he catch a fleeting movement out of the corner of he eye . a beat -- then he suddenly lunge -- grab irene and pull she to the ground . in the same instant Tan suit appear out of the darkness , open fire with he automatic . bullet spark as they hit the concrete floor and the other park vehicle . Driver drag irene behind a car now , cover she with he body as Tan suit fire another burst . more spark light up the darkness , the bullet penetrate the car with ease , narrowly miss Driver and irene . Driver move again , drag the terrify irene behind he . Tan suit lose sight of they in the darkness , stride past row of park car . ( continued ) 65 9/24/10 107 continued : ( 2 ) 107 Driver turn to irene as they take cover behind a pillar . she look terrify -- not just of Tan suit but of he . it 's as if all she worst fear have be confirm . Driver stare back at she , then hear Tan suit 's footstep approach . he hold she gaze apologetically , then get to he foot and run , try to draw Tan suit 's fire . Tan suit hear he and open up again , more bullet lighting up the darkness . Driver keep move . Tan suit stride after he , reloading , when suddenly he gun jam . crouch behind another vehicle , Driver see this and take he chance , darting out after he pursuer . Tan suit see he come and run , the hunter become the hunt now . still lie on the ground , irene listen to they echoing footstep . Driver run after Tan suit through the darkness , gain all the time . Tan suit look desperate now , tiring . he turn to face he pursuer but Driver 's on he in a flash , hurl he against a car . Tan suit slam into the car , lose he balance . Driver grab he , swinging he around , smash he into another car . irene 's watch from the shadow , stunne by the violence . she pick herself up and run towards the elevator . Driver keep slamm Tan suit against the car , beat the resistance out of he . as he body begin to slump , Driver grab he by the throat and ram he head into a car window . the glass splinter with blood , the force of the blow shatter Tan suit 's skull . Driver look around for irene now and see she stand in the elevator , frame against the light . she stare back at he , but make no attempt to step out . Driver stand there , he hand cover in Tan suit 's blood . the elevator door finally close , hide irene from view . 108 omitted 108 108a ext . LA STREET - night . 108a Shannon get out of he car . Driver be wait for he by he own car , silhouett against the streetlight . Shannon stare at he a moment , then notice the blood stain on he shirt . ( continued ) 66 9/24/10 108a continued : 108a shannon what happen ? driver nino 's guy come after I . how do they know about irene ? Shannon take a moment to reply , look daze . shannon I call bernie ... I ask if he could help . him and nino be like brother . I tell he you be not interested in the money , that you only do it for the girl ... ( from the heart ) I want to make sure once you return the money that be the end of it ... Driver do not seem to hear he . shannon let I talk to bernie again . they probably do not listen to he - driver it 's too late ... Shannon say nothing now , know he 's right . driver they be gonna come after you to find I . you have to leave ... Shannon take this in slowly . shannon what be you gonna do ?... Driver do not answer , but from he silence Shannon can guess . shannon how the fuck do this happen ? we be suppose be in Charlotte or daytona drink champagne out of trophy and get laid by pit lizard ... he stare at Driver with quiet regret . shannon fuck ... 109 omitted 109 67 9/24/10 110 int . nino' pizzeria - morning . 110 bernie Rose look quietly furious . bernie rose ... I already give you my advice . you should have take you money and leave this guy alone . nino and cook sit opposite he , both of cook 's hand break now . nino it 's not that simple , bernie . bernie rose not now that it 's bounce up in you face . cook Mr. paolozzi , I owe you this guy . just give I the okay and I will - bernie rose you like take order , go shut the blind . he look at cook 's break hand . bernie rose Sun 's in my eye ... nino do not look at cook , a clear indication he should do as he 's tell . cook stand up , humiliate , and walk over to the window . bernie Rose wait for nino to explain . nino ... the money belong to a half ass wiseguy from Philly . I have a tip -off he be keep a million in a pawn shop and be gonna invest it here in LA , try to run a rival operation . I want to teach he a lesson ... the light in the restaurant gradually fade as cook shut the blind . bernie rose ( incredulously ) you steal from the East Coast mob ? nino I steal from a jump up punk who be gonna step on we business - ( continued ) 68 9/24/10 110 continued : 110 bernie rose and where do this punk find a million dollar ? you ever consider he may have consult some higher - up ? you even bother to check ? - nino I do not give a fuck who give he they bless . this be my city - bernie rose you city ? this be a big city , pal , and last time I check we be partner ! - nino we be partner - bernie rose then why the fuck do not you come to I before you set up you dummy robbery or hire this fuck amateur ?!... cook sit back down at the table , have close the blind . nino look almost embarrassed for once . nino this be off to the side , bernie . I do not wanna involve you . bernie rose well , now you fuck up I be involved . anyone find out you steal from the family they will kill both of we - nino what family ? this fuck still call I a kike to my face . I be fifty nine year old , they pinch my cheek , treat I like a fuckin ' kid . they be the reason we leave New York in the first place . decrepit old man wave we over to they dinner and domino table to complain . bernie rose that old man give we the fund to move out here . nino and I make they a lotta money . I make you a lotta money too ... he stare at bernie , genuinely indignant now . ( continued ) 69 9/24/10 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 nino I pay they half of everything I fuck earn and then they set up some fuck kid from Philadelphia just because he 's a fuck wop ! there 's a hint of sympathy in bernie 's eye . bernie rose the money always flow up , izzy . you know that . he call nino by he childhood name now , emphasize the fact that they be both outsider in this organization . for the first time nino 's tough guy act slip and he look anxious . nino that 's why this driver have to go . him , and maybe you friend Shannon , be the only two people who can tie I to the robbery . bernie rose what about this prick ? he do not even bother to look at cook . cook Mr. paolozzi - nino shut up ... the two friend stare at each other as if cook do not exist . bernie rose be you ask my permission ? nino I be ask for you help . I shoulda ' come to you first , bernie . I know that . we be a team . he stare at bernie apologetically , appeal to they friendship . nino I will pay you back the three hundred you spend on the race car . bernie rose it 's not about the money ... he stare out quietly , tear . ( continued ) 70 9/24/10 110 continued : ( 3 ) 110 bernie rose all right ... nino nod in gratitude . bernie rose ( to cook ) pass the salt ... cook hesitates , think bernie 's fuck with he for have two break hand . he stare back dumbly and it 's the final straw . bernie suddenly grab a stainless steel fork and ram it in he eye . as cook scream , bernie take a knife and bury it in he neck . he twist the knife deeper for good measure , then with one powerful sweep of he arm clear cook off the table . cook 's not dead yet , just writhe on the floor , choke on he own blood . bernie Rose keep he eye fix on nino . bernie rose you turn to clean up after I ... 110a ext . trailer / film set / san pedro / los angele - morning . 110a the crew be set up for they first shot of the day . in the background we see a director block out a action scene . Driver walk past without even a glance , head towards the make - up trailer . he open the door and walk in , look around the trailer until he find what he 's look for -- the sfx mask he see previously on the film set . 111 int . shannon' garage / silverlake boulevard - morning . 111 Shannon limp down the step from he office with a suitcase in he hand . he head into the main garage then suddenly stop . bernie Rose stand beside the stock car , wait for he . bernie rose all this priceless car , you should get better lock ... shannon door 's always open to you ... bernie Rose head towards he with he hand in he coat pocket . bernie rose go somewhere ? shannon think about it . ( continued ) 71 9/24/10 111 continued : 111 bernie rose I be look for you driver . shannon you break in like this I figure it 's bad news . bernie rose it 's bad luck . two thousand heist in this city a year , he have to pick the wrong one . shannon he try to put it right . bernie rose picked the wrong guy for that too . my partner 's a belligerent asshole with he back against the wall ... he stop , face Shannon . bernie rose right now so be I . I do not take care of this I be in big trouble ... he stare at he old friend . bernie rose any idea where he be ? shannon probably across the border by now . Mexico . belize . that 's where I would go ... bernie Rose smile , not believe a word . bernie rose he just walk out on you after everything you have do for he , take all the money ? shannon that 's gratitude , I guess . bernie Rose can not help grin , fond of Shannon despite everything . bernie rose I ever tell you how long izzy and I be friend ? since we be six . only Jews in a neighborhood of wop . Long as I can remember he be get I into trouble and I be get he out of scrape ... he look almost apologetic . ( continued ) 72 9/24/10 111 continued : ( 2 ) 111 bernie rose anyone else I would take you side ... shannon anyone else I would do the same ... bernie Rose watch he with a mixture of affection and regret . bernie rose what 's this fuck kid to you anyway ? Shannon shrug , no idea himself . bernie rose I leave here without find out where he be , there will be other come after I . I guarantee they will be too stupid to figure out you will not talk and drag this out unnecessarily ... shannon then I be glad you get here first ... bernie Rose hold he gaze , then look away , admire the shiny stock car . bernie rose you know , it 's too bad , I be get excited about we race team , have my name all over the car . I think we could have make something of this business ... shannon Nah , I would have fuck it up too ... Shannon smile , reconcile with himself . bernie Rose grin , and extend he hand . they shake hand firmly , like old friend , when suddenly Shannon recoil , as if he 's be stung . we see now that he shirt sleeve be cover in blood , he vein cut all the way from he elbow to he wrist . he look daze , paralyse with shock . bernie Rose hold a razor knife in he hand , the blade wet with Shannon 's blood . he take Shannon gently by the arm and sit he down against the boot of the stock car . bernie rose you will not feel a thing . Close you eye and you will fall asleep ... Shannon stare out numbly , the life ebbing out of he . bernie Rose watch he quietly , wiping he bloody razor with a handkerchief . 73 9/24/10 111a int . bernie rose's apartment - day . 111a bernie Rose replace the razor knife in a small lacquer box full of other knife . from next door he can hear he neighbor argue again . he stand there a moment , deflate , then suddenly storm towards he front door . 111 b ext . corridor / bernie rose's neighbor ' apartment - day . 111b a loud knock . bernie Rose 's neighbor open he door . husband yeah ? bernie rose bernie Rose , next apartment over - husband yeah , I know . I be kind of busy here . bernie rose I hear ... there 's something threaten in the old mobster 's eye now . the husband move to close the door but bernie jam it open with he elbow , shove he aside , then look over at the wife . bernie rose you all right , shonda ? the woman nod without meeting he eye . husband get the hell out of my - bernie do not give he time to finish , clamping a powerful hand on he throat . bernie rose what 's you fuck name ? husband lenny - bernie rose I be a patient man , lenny , not much for get in other people 's way . what I figure be , we have all get we own life , right ? and the right to be leave alone ? ( squeezing harder ) so I sit next door for almost a year now listen to what go down in here and I keep think , hey , they will work it out . you gonna work it out , lenny ? ( continued ) 74 9/24/10 111b continued : 111b he jerk the husband 's neck forward , make he nod . bernie rose you be lucky to have she , lucky she 's put up with you this long . lucky I have put up with you . she have good reason : she love you . I do not have any reason at all . so stop raise you voice or fuck move ... he let go of the terrify man and storm out again . 112 int / ext . driver' car / reseda boulevard - day . 112 sunlight glint on the park vehicle by the curb . Driver slow down as he approach the sign for Shannon 's custom king , glance out of the window to see if anyone 's stake out the garage . satisfied there 's no - one there , he drive through . 113 int . shannon' garage / reseda boulevard - day . 113 Driver pull open the garage door and see the row of vintage car shimmer in the shaft of sunlight . as he head past the vehicle he suddenly spot a figure slump against the stock car . Shannon 's eye have be close , he head rest gently against the trunk of the car . Driver kneel down and lift he up in he arm , hold he for a second , then lay he down on the floor . he turn back and open the car boot now , revealing the black gym bag full of money . 114 ext . shannon' garage / reseda boulevard - day . 114 Driver 's car roar out of the garage . 115 int . nino' pizzeria - sunset . 115 nino stand in the kitchen , wear a beautiful suit but no shoe or sock , listen on he cell phone . we hold on the curious image for a moment , then reveal a beautifully dress woman polish he shoe . and now we see more of nino 's men , also smartly dress and accompany by gorgeous women , get ready for a event . nino 's talk to he wife on the phone . nino alright honey , I will pick you up in a hour . 116 ext . nino' pizzeria - sunset . 116 two big lincoln towncars be park outside . across the road we recognize Driver 's car . he open the trunk . when he close it again we see that he 's wear the eerily convincing sfx mask . he cross the road , enter the pizzeria . 75 9/24/10 117 int . nino' pizzeria - sunset . 117 several of nino 's man look up as Driver enter but none of they recognize he . nino' guy we be close ... Driver stare past they at nino in the kitchen , surround by more of he man . we feel he mind calculate then he walk out again . 118 ext . nino' pizzeria - night . 118 nino emerge with he bodyguard now , head towards one of the white lincoln . nino ( to one of he man ) I be go to pick up my wife . I will meet you there ... across the road Driver climb into he car , still wear the mask . he start he car , set off after nino 's lincoln . 119 int . driver' car / nino' pizzeria / westwood - night . 119 Driver drift in behind a couple of other car , keep they between himself and the lincoln . 120 ext . street - night . 120 the sunlight be fade fast . the neon cityscape have come to life and the street be a sea of glitter light . 121 int . nino' car / street - night . 121 the chauffeur check he mirror as he turn into another street , see only the anonymous glare of headlight behind he . 122 int . driver' car / street - night . 122 Driver slow down and let another car turn in front of he , keep it between himself and nino 's car . 123 ext . street - night . 123 the street be less crowded in this residential area . as the car in front of Driver pull into its front drive , Driver take the next turn , make sure the lincoln do not spot he . 76 9/24/10 124 int . driver' car / parallel STREET - night . 124 Driver cruise along another residential street . at every intersection we glimpse the lincoln head in the same direction down a parallel street . 125 ext . san vincente boulevard / brentwood - night . 125 the lincoln turn back into traffic on San vincente . 126 int . nino' car / san vincente boulevard - night . 126 nino 's talk on a cell phone in the back seat . nino ... sure , Carlo , I will send he you regards ... 127 int . driver' car / san vincente boulevard - night . 127 Driver merge in with the traffic , weaving between the car in front of he until he have nino 's lincoln back in he sight . 128 ext . aerial view / san vincente boulevard - night . 128 the sun have almost set , the red backlight of the car blink in the fade light . 129 int . nino' car / san vincente / 7th STREET - night . 129 nino 's car turn into 7th Street . 130 int . driver' car / san vincente / 7th STREET - night . 130 this time there be no other vehicle turn into the same street . Driver have no choice , settling in behind the lincoln . 131 int . nino' car / 7th STREET / pacific palisade - night . 131 the chauffeur glance in he rear-view mirror and spot Driver 's car for the first time . for now he do not give it much think . in the back seat nino finally say goodbye on the phone . nino ... Nice talk to you too ... ( as he hang up ) asshole ... 132 ext . entrada drive / pacific palisade - night . 132 both car head into entrada drive . 77 9/24/10 133 int . nino' car / entrada drive / pacific palisade - night . 133 the chauffeur check he mirror again and notice Driver 's car still on he tail . just as a precaution he slow down , see if the pursue car will overtake . 134 int . driver' car / entrada drive - night . 134 Driver have to decide in a instant whether to take up the invitation . he overtake the lincoln , speed ahead . 135 int . nino' car / entrada drive / pacific palisade - night . 135 nino 's chauffeur see Driver 's car disappear up ahead , relax now . 136 int . driver' car / west channel road / pch - night . 136 Driver put he foot on the gas , take sharp turn on small side street , drive fast around the block until he 's back on the lincoln 's tail , keep a safe distance now . 137 int . nino' car / w.channel RD. / pch - night . 137 nino 's chauffeur turn right into the Pacific Coast highway . 138 int . driver' car / pacific coast highway - night . 138 Driver follow the lincoln at a distance , keep the wind corner of the pch between himself and he prey . 139 ext . aerial view / pacific coast highway - night . 139 from above we see Driver 's car glide along the open highway , the rise hill on one side , the churn ocean on the other , no vehicle in sight . 140 int . nino' car / pacific coast highway - night . 140 in the back seat nino dial another number on he cell - phone . nino ... bernie , it 's I ... 141 ext . aerial view / pacific coast highway - night . 141 the headlight of Driver 's car sweep ahead of it on the open road . from above it look like a shark close in on its prey . 142 int . bernie rose's apartment / LA - night . 142 bernie Rose stand by the window , listen to the phone in silence . 78 9/24/10 143 int . nino' car / pacific coast highway - night . 143 nino sound apologetic . nino ... look , about that thing today ... I be sorry . I know how much you like the guy ... in he rear view mirror the chauffeur see the headlight of the car behind get closer . 144 int . driver' car / pacific coast highway - night . 144 Driver stare ahead , he eye fix on the lincoln 's backlight . 145 int . bernie rose's apartment - night . 145 bernie Rose do not speak , look weary . nino o/ S bernie ?... bernie rose yeah ?... nino o/ S you be the only fuck person in the world I trust . I love you , man ... bernie shake he head , the same old apology . 146 int . nino' car / pacific coast highway - night . 146 in the front seat nino 's chauffeur check he mirror curiously . nino when this be over I will make it up to you , I swear ... the light of the car behind have vanish . 147 ext . aerial view / pacific coast highway - night . 147 even from above we can not see Driver 's car with its light off - no idea how close it be to nino 's car . 148 int . bernie rose's apartment - night . 148 even though he 's still angry , bernie can not help forgive he childhood friend . bernie rose how many time I hear that before ... 79 9/24/10 149 int . nino' car / pacific coast highway - night . 149 nino grin . nino I lose count - suddenly blaze headlight explode to life behind he . 150 int . driver' car / pacific coast highway - night . 150 Driver ram the lincoln at over a hundred mile a hour , hit it just above the leave rear wheel . 151 ext . pacific coast highway - night . 151 the impact be momentous . the huge Continental be lift up in the air and spun round at the same time . it slam back into the tarmac then flip end over end for a hundred yard . 152 int . bernie rose's apartment - night . 152 bernie Rose be leave hold the phone as the line go dead . 153 int . driver' car / pacific coast highway - night . 153 the collision have barely knock Driver off course . his car skid to a stop near the overturn wreck . 154 int . nino' car / pacific coast highway - night . 154 among the carnage , we see nino , bloody but still alive . he unbuckle he seat belt and crawl out of the twisted wreck . 155 ext . pacific coast highway - night . 155 Driver get out of he car , calmly walk over to the pulverize lincoln . he see nino stumbling off towards the beach but do not hurry after he yet . he check to make sure the other passenger be dead , then head on . 156 ext . beach / ocean / pacific coast highway - night . 156 nino stumble through the sand , run for he life now . he look behind he and see Driver calmly pursue he . he keep run , but he 's badly injure , slow all the time . fear cloud reason and he stagger towards the crash wave . Driver slow down as he watch the gangster wade into the ocean , a pathetic last attempt to evade he . the crash wave and the undertow be a impenetrable wall . every time nino try to wade out further , the ocean drag he back . ( continued ) 80 9/24/10 156 continued : 156 Driver stare at he trap prey . nino 's attempt become more and more feeble as the ocean exhaust he and snuff out any hope of escape . finally he retreat back into the shallow water , barely able to keep he foot . he turn around and face Driver , the crash wave still smash into he back . they stay like that for a moment . gazing at each other . Driver silhouett against the white sand . nino trap in the ocean . then Driver wade out into the water . nino have no fight leave in he , stare at the mask man . Driver stare back at he then grab he by the throat , force he head under the water . nino splutter as Driver let he up again . nino it be bernie ... bernie Rose kill you friend not I ... Driver shove he face back under the water , keep it there until nino 's body finally stop thrashing . 157 int . bernie rose's apartment / bel AIR - night . 157 a phone shrill . bernie Rose answer it . bernie rose nino ? driver' voice on the phone he 's dead . bernie Rose stare out in silence . whatever he think of nino , a part of he have die . we feel the regret in he eye but there 's no trace of emotion in he voice . bernie rose look like I , you and you girlfriend be the only piece leave on the board ... 158 ext . beach / ocean - night . 158 Driver be no longer wear a mask , frame against the ocean . he catch the veile threat in bernie 's word but do not respond . intercut bernie rose I would say this have go far enough . see any reason why it should go on ?... driver do not have to ... ( continued ) 81 9/24/10 158 continued : 158 bernie rose then we should talk . you know a place call the great Wall -- out on sherman Way ? driver' voice on the phone I can find it . bernie pause , stare out . bernie' voice on the phone I will see you there at one . a charge silence , then the line go dead . 159 omitted 159 160 int . great wall restaurant / lincoln boulevard - day . 160 a large chinese restaurant . we follow Driver through the crowd . he see bernie Rose sit at a table on he own , pour himself a glass of wine . the mobster 's dress for the occasion , wear a jacket and tie . he smile at Driver as he sit down . bernie rose Care for a glass ?... Driver do not smile , gaze back at he across the table . bernie Rose do not seem to care . bernie rose I can recommend the duck . Hell , I can recommend everything -- Walnut prawn , shred beef , Velvet chicken -- but the duck 's to die for ... he deliver the last line with a point smile , then turn away , call over a waitress . bernie rose the duck , please . for two . waitress anything else ? bernie rose no , thanks ... he wait for the waitress to leave , then turn back to Driver . bernie rose you have be on a roll . cut yourself quite a swath out there . ( continued ) 82 9/24/10 160 continued : 160 driver I never ask for any of it . bernie rose we usually do not . but it come down on we head regardless . look at Shannon ... Driver hold he gaze , the tension palpable , laughter and conversation drift over from the other table . bernie rose anyway it 's water under the bridge now . question be where do that leave we ? driver that 's up to you . bernie rose you bring the cash ? Driver nod . bernie Rose study he quietly . bernie rose tell I something , how do someone with no interest in money get mix up in a heist ? ( off he silence ) Shannon tell I it be because of the girl ? Driver hesitates , betray a hint of concern . bernie see it and smile . bernie rose do not worry . nobody else know about she . just I ... ( a beat ) you still see she ?... driver she 's not interested . bernie rose she 's get she head screw on right . I get two ex - wife , three kid , four grandchild . not one of they speak to I now ... he smile again , look into Driver 's eye with just a hint of sympathy . bernie rose this be what I will do for you . you give I the money , nobody know she exist . but it 's a different matter with you . ( more ) ( continued ) 83 9/24/10 160 continued : ( 2 ) 160 bernie rose ( cont would ) this people I have the misfortune to be involved with , they do not mind nino be go , but they will wanna know what happen to he ... driver sound like we have a problem ... bernie rose and just when we be get to know each other ... they eye be fix on each other , deadly enemy but kindre spirit of a kind . bernie rose ... we shake hand , say goodbye , it 's the start of you new life . sooner or later they will come after you . no end to it . someone get tired , somebody else take they place . it go on and on . whatever dream you have , whatever plan , you might as well forget `em , because this be what it 's gonna be like till the day you die ... ( a beat ) I just think you should know ... Driver stare back at he quietly . driver what do you suggest I do ? bernie rose first time I hear about you , Shannon tell I you drive . fast . that 's a start ... he keep stare at Driver , then smile . bernie rose either that or you choke on the duck ... 161 ext . parking lot / lincoln boulevard - day . 161 Driver 's car be park at the back of the parking lot , half hide by a fence area for garbage . Driver pop the trunk , take out the black gym bag with the cash . bernie Rose do not even look at it , still admire the car . bernie rose how much do something like this cost ? driver nine , ten thousand . if you can find one that still run . ( continued ) 84 9/24/10 161 continued : 161 bernie rose maybe I will take yours . part of we deal . he grin , then hold out he hand for the gym bag . bernie rose guess we will not be see each other again .. Driver reach out to give he the bag , when suddenly bernie 's hand snake out of he pocket , twist a switch - blade into Driver 's gut . he pull it out , ready to stab again , but this time Driver catch he wrist , slowly force the knife up to he throat . they eye be fix on each other for a moment , with something like regret , then the blade pierce bernie Rose 's neck , sink deeper and deeper . Driver hold the old man in he arm as he die . they stay like that , lock in a fatal embrace , then Driver lower bernie Rose gently to the ground , out of sight . blood seeping through he shirt , Driver pick up the gym bag and put it back in the trunk , slamm the door shut . 162 ext . aerial view of a much larger parking lot / LA - day . 162 we be look down on a enormous parking lot , hundred of different color vehicle gleam down below . Driver pull into the lot , search for a place to park . 163 ext . large parking lot / LA - day . 163 Driver climb out of he car , wear a jacket over he blood - soak shirt . he walk to the back of the car , kneel down , and hide the key behind the leave rear wheel , drop of blood drip on the tarmac beneath he . he get up again , then set off through the maze of park vehicle , dialling a number on he cell - phone . 164 ext . echo park - day . 164 irene and benicio sit in the park . irene ( pick up she phone ) hello ?... ( intercut ) the blaze sun beat down . Driver walk through a long corridor of glint car . driver it 's I ... ( continued ) 85 9/24/10 164 continued : 164 irene stare in surprise . driver' voice on the phone do not hang up ... she say nothing but stay on the line . Driver continue painfully through the maze of car . driver you get a pen ? I need you to write something down ... irene look confuse as she hear the quiet urgency in he voice , then reach inside she handbag . sunlight glitter on the roof of the park car , dazzle Driver 's eye . driver ... jjt 108 ... irene's voice on the phone ... jjt 108 ... driver it 's the license number for my car . I have leave it in a parking lot on the corner of culver and lincoln . section m 10 ... irene write down the detail , look even more confuse . driver' voice on the phone there 's a bag in the trunk with some money . key be under the leave rear wheel ... irene what do you want I to do with it ?... Driver walk with difficulty , find it hard to breathe . driver it 's yours . it 's safe to keep it ... all around he the chevy , dodge , and ford glitter in the sunlight . irene I tell you , I do not need you money ... blood seep through Driver 's shirt , drip on the tarmac . irene hear he labor breathe now , look concerned . ( continued ) 86 9/24/10 164 continued : ( 2 ) 164 irene be you okay ?... Driver 's skin look deathly pale , he eye a haunt shade of blue . he keep walk through the maze of car , casting he eye from one vehicle to the next , look for the perfect ride . driver just out of breath ... finally he spot a beautiful white camaro up ahead . driver how're you do ?... for the first time we see the echo Park fountain sparkling in the background . irene Fine . I be in the park with benicio ... irene can no longer hold back she tear , heartbroken . Driver stop in front of the white camaro , unsteady on he foot . driver I gotta go irene ... he pause . driver meeting you be the best thing that ever happen to I ... irene smile sadly . irene it be nice to meet you too ... 165 ext . large parking lot / LA - day . 165 from above we see the maze of vehicle stretch out forever -- chevy , chrysler , ford -- the history of America on wheel . Driver switch off he cell - phone reluctantly then head towards the camaro . 166 int . white camaro / large parking lot - day . 166 Driver climb into the front seat of the camaro , catch he breath . he sit there a moment , shelter from the world outside , then pull out a pocket knife , open the blade until he find the screwdriver . he start with the leave side of the steering column , then get to work on the section below the turn signal . ( continued ) 87 9/24/10 166 continued : 166 his face show the strain , but he finger be as steady as ever . a master at work . finally he break into the ignition device , lean back in the seat to take a rest . 167 ext . aerial view / large parking lot - day . 167 we be gaze down at the white camaro from above , wait for it to move . 168 int . white camaro / large parking lot - day . 168 Driver 's face be completely still now . so be he eye . he look almost at peace . there 's a long pause , then slowly he lean forward and turn on the ignition . as the engine come to life , we CUT to black .