drive miss daisy a screenplay by Alfred uhry second draft November 15 , 1988 drive miss daisy fade in : int . daisy bedroom - day / august 1948 a precise , orderly room . comfortable and well maintain , but not . fancy or trendy . venetian blind be draw against the hot August sun . the room seem to be in repose . suddenly the face of daisy werthan appear , look directly at we . she straighten the straw hat on she head . we realize we have be look at a mirror image of the room . Daisy be seventy - two year old and apparently in excellent health . she wear a summer street dress , low-heel white shoe and appropriate summer jewelry -- no makeup . she do not dwell on she mirror image , once the hat be adjust . she reach into a bureau drawer , take out a pair of white glove , get she pocket book from the closet and walk purposefully out of the room . a series of shot A. Daisy in the upstairs hall . B. Daisy walk down the carpete step . c . Daisy in the downstairs hall , which contain a commode with a 1930 's telephone on it and various objet d'art . D. Daisy in the dining room , drape close against the hot sunlight . E . Daisy through the swinging door in the pantry . she move briskly through the silent room . this be a woman who be never idle . everything about she suggest energy and purpose . what we see of she house tell we that she be in comfortable circumstance . bookshelve be evident in many of the room . the furniture be overstuff and / or mahogany . int . the kitchen - day a spacious , black - and - white tile kitchen -- pre-w.w. I in dimension . the only sign of the time be a fairly modern gas range . ' idella , black and close to Daisy 's age , stand at the sink , under the window , polish silver with a old toothbrush . she do not look up , or in any way acknowledge Daisy 's entrance into the kitchen . Daisy remove a shopping list from a cabinet drawer . daisy I be go to the market , idelia . idella mmmmmm . Daisy head out the door . ext . the back yard - day Bright hot sunlight , the yard shimmer in the morning heat . we can see the outside of the house now -- georgian , build in the teens , comfortable , but not pretentious . Green canvas awning protect the house from the sun . daisy walk to the garage , a separate building , build for two car , but only hold one -- a shiny new 1948 Packard . she climb into the car . a series of shot A. Daisy 's glove hand turn on the ignition . B. her Pov . shift the automatic gear into reverse . cc . her high -heeled foot push the accelerator . D . on the car , back out of the garage and into the turnaround . E . on Daisy , glove hand both clutching the wheel , back straight , not touch the seat . F . on the gear indicator , still in reverse . G. on Daisy 's foot , gun the accelerator . I . on the car , shoot backwards over a embankment , seemingly suspend in the air for a moment before it land on the roof of the garage next door ( down the hill ) cause the garage to collapse , which , in turn , land on the free-stand toolsh just adjacent to it , which also fall into piece , seatter garden tool , etc. , in all direction . the noise be deafen . J . on idella , look out of the kitchen window in horror . idella sweet Jesus ! h . on a nursemaid and a toddler , come out of the house next door . ext . the garage - same time Daisy 's severely damage car sit in ( on ) what 's leave of the garage . all be still . on daisy still in the car , still clutching the wheel with glove hand . her hat be crooked and she glass be askew , but otherwise she be unhurt . she test the door handle . it work . she push the door open , extract she purse from the car and get out . ext . the neighbor's garage - day what 's leave of Daisy 's car rise in the air , ghost - like . pull back reveal that the car be be hoist by a tow truck and a gigantic chain and pulley operation . what 's leave of the garage collapse like pick - up stick . boolie werthan , Daisy 's son , age 40 , stand with a policeman and insurance agent in the yard . he wear a good summer business suit . a sizable part of the neighborhood , black servant , child , yard man , etc. , stand silently at a respectful distance watch the proceedings . on boolie he look up the hill towards he mother 's house . boolie' Pov - daisy house Daisy be watch from she bedroom window , but move quickly out of the way when boolie catch she eye . on the neighbor's yard again the pulley operation set the remain of the car at rest . the reverberation of this knock down what 's leave of the toolsh . on the crowd , watch silently . int . daisy kitchen ~ same day idella be sit on a stool , eat fry chicken and potato salad at the kitchen counter . boolie be seat at the kitchen table , finish off a plate of same . each have a glass of ice tea and a paper napkin , but idella 's plate be a crack remnant of a old pattern , she fork be from the dime store , and she tea be in a small mason jar . boolie be eat off of Daisy 's everyday china and silver . Daisy be not in the room , but a thumping and clumping 0.s. indicate that she be within earshot . . boolie mama ! daisy ( 0.s. ) no ! boolie mama ! daisy ( 0.s. ) no ! boolie it 's a miracle you be not lay in emory Hospital -- or deck out at the funeral parlor . he rise from the table , and head for tre pantry Daisy be in the pantry closet , have change out of she street clothes into a house dress . she be kneel on the floor by a large pickle crock , remove the lid , the rock that hold down a plate , which , in turn , hold down the pickle in they brine . she maneuver the crock out of the closet and toward the pantry sink , wave away boolie 's effort to help she . once at the sink , she begin the operation of spearing pickle that be already line up by the sink and then ladling brine into the jar and screwing on the jar top . this operation keep she busy during the follow scene . she spear the first pickle out of the crock and hand it to boolie , who take a bite . daisy the cucumber be pretty this summer . boolie look at you ! you do not even break you glass . daisy it be the car 's fault . boolie mama , you have the car in the wrong gear . daisy I do not. ( call to idella ) idella ! you want a pickle with you lunch ? idella ( 0.s. ) not I . daisy well , I be put up a jar for you to take home to William , you hear ? idella ( 0.s. ) yassum . thank you . he love you pickle . daisy that 's because he have more sense than you do . boolie you have the car in reverse instead of drive . the police report show that . daisy you should have let I keep my lasalle . it never ' would have behave this way . boolie mama , car do not behave . they be behave upon . the fact be you , all by yourself , demolish that Packard . daisy think what you want . I know the truth . boolie the truth be you just cost the insurance company twenty - seven hundred dollar . you be a terrible risk . nobody be go to issue you a policy after this . daisy you be just say that to be hateful . boolie okay . yes . yes I be . I be make it all up . every insurance company in America be line up out there in the driveway , wave they fountain pen and fall all over themselves to get you to sign on . daisy I love have you here for lunch , son , but if you be go to stand in my pantry and lie like a rug , well , I think it 's time for you to go somewhere else . boolie okay . I would better get back to the office . florine will be have a fit if I do not come home on time tonight . daisy . that 's right . I forget . y'all be have dinner with the ansley tonight ! I be sure florine buy another new dress . this be she idea of heaven on earth , be not it ? boolie what ? . daisy socialize with episcopalian . boolie . you be a doodle , mama . i'11 stop by tomorrow evening . daisy how do you know I will be here ? I be certainly not dependent on you for company . boolie Fine . I will call first . but you know that we have get some real serious talk to do . : daisy no . boolie mama} ! daisy ( sing to end discussion ) after the ball be over after the break of morn after the dancer leave after the star be go many a heart be aching if you could read they all -- as soon as she start sing , Daisy , have finish she pickle business , turn on she heel and walk out of the pantry . we hear she singing continue and fade as she climb the stair and eventually shut the door to she room . boolie , have lose this round , pick up the large mason jar of pickle to take home . on he face : how do I handle this ? int . bedroom - morning Daisy , wear a light summer dress gown , raise the blind . sunlight flood the room and she look out of the window . ext . garage - same time - daisy Pov the garage stand empty , except for a old hand lawn mower and a few gardening tool at one side . int . the bedroom - same time Daisy look grim . int . the downstair hall - later that day Daisy , now dress , be on the phone . daisy ( on the phone ) well , I need you now ! I have to be at the beauty shop in half a hour ! -.. no , I most certainly do not know you have to call a minimum of two hour ahead . I do not know why you call yourself a taxicab company if you can not provide taxicabs ! on idella , stand in the dining room doorway with a dusting rag in she hand , listen . idella you call yo ' son down at the plant , he sen’ somebody to carry you . daisy that will not be necessary . I will cancel the appointment and fix my own hair . idella sometimes I think you be not get the sense God give a lemon ! Daisy glare at she , but idella , with inalienable right on she side , return the glare with a calm nod of she head and go off about she business . ext . daisy house - night int . the downstair hall - same time boolie enter from the kitchen . he be wear brand new press jeans with the cuff roll up and a plaid short - sleeved shirt and a bandanna around he neck . it look wrong on he . florine , he wife , enter behind he . she be in she middle thirty , dark - haire , slim , very fashionable , carefully make up . ' right now she be wear a full denim skirt down to she ankle ( I think they call they circle skirt ) and a plaid blouse exactly match boolie 's shirt . she be also wear gold jewelry that do not quite go with this outfit . boolie ( call upstairs ) mama ? you there ? florine ( also call up ) hey , mother werthan ! it 's just we ! on daisy , appear at the landing , a book in she hand . daisy why do not you call ? florine we can not stay . daisy ( size up the outfit ) so I gather . boolie the miller be give a hayride for they anniversary . florine I have this make . do not you baby look cute ? daisy that 's not exactly the word I would pick . boolie take the book out of she hand . boolie I have be want to read this . he look through it . : boolie ( cont 'd ) it 's due back tomorrow . want I to take it for you ? daisy no thank you . I will go to the library on the streetcar . boolie , get angry , start to say something , but florine put a hand on he arm to calm he . daisy go on now . you do not want to _ keep the horse wait . on boolie , exasperate . ext . driveway - day Daisy , dress in hat and glove , and carry the library book , walk down the driveway towards the street . ext . bus stop - mid-morning Daisy , a young black may , and a couple of other be wait at the bus stop . a City of Atlanta bus pull up to the stop . a couple of passenger emerge from the rear door . the wait passenger enter the bus , Daisy first , in deference to she age , sex , and color . int . CITY bus - same time Daisy put in correct fare , squeeze into a seat between a fat country woman and a high school girl . 10 . the black may , the last one aboard , go to the back of the bus , where there be black people stand and no seat . the front of the bus have seat available . ext . CITY STREET - same time the bus rattles off down the avenue . ext . carnegie library branch - day - establishing shot a one -story brick building on a residential shopping street . sign in front read " Atlanta Public Library , highland Avenue int . library - day the checkout desk . the young librarian be stamp Daisy 's book . librarian I have get that Revolutionary War book you be ask about , miz werthan . I put it aside for you . daisy you be a sweet thing , miss Jensen . the librarian reach under the counter and pull out the book . it be enormous , more than a thousand page . librarian everybody 's just crazy about it ! Daisy eye it dubiously as librarian stamp it for she . - daisy well , thank you very much . she turn from the desk and head out the door , carry the huge book in the cradle of she arm . int . the piggly wiggly / produce section - day the store be busy with shopper . the produce manager greet Daisy , who have she library book , she purse , and she glove in the shopping cart . produce : man how many peach for you today , miz werthan ? : daisy Three , thank you . il . produce man you be not gonna be gettin ' any better one the rest of the summer . lemme give you a few more . daisy just the three . produce man how about a nice watermelon ? Daisy shake she head " no , " put the paper sack of peach into she cart , which already contain one bar of soap , one lamb chop , and a can of peas . she walk toward the checkout counter . exit . the bus stop - day across the street from where Daisy start out . the bus roll into view , the door open and Daisy emerge , carry she purse , the big library book , and a medium - size grocery store bag . she walk briskly down the street . ext . daisy driveway - same time Daisy walk up the driveway , not quite so briskly , lug she parcel . closeup of her face . jaw set . ext . the werthan company - day a smallish turn - of - the-century brick factory build near the - railroad track . a company truck be back up to a load platform . several black man be involved in load large carton of print material into the truck . a sleek , late - model sedan be park in the space mark " reserved for Mr. werthan . " a couple of less fancy car be park in other reserve spot . a mid -week , mid-morn , business - as-usual ay . . int . boolie' office - same time somebody ( florine ) have try to furnish this office well . it contain a good leather couch , a couple of English - hunt - club - type engravings and a expensive mahogany desk . a large vogue - magazine ~ - style photograph of florine in a fancy hat be place prominently . also there be company picnic photograph , boolie 's Yale diploma , a bacharach - type photograph of he father , etc . all of the above do not quite hide the fact that this room be part of a old factory . the wall be patchy , the window be old , and the venetian blind be grubby and sagging . 12 . boolie be at the desk and on the phone . during he phone conversation a sharp bell be heard o.s. it ring intermittently . he look up , annoyed , then concerned , but continue do he business . boolie well , i.w. , you know as well as I do that the werthan company be not the only printing company in Atlanta . if you want to get other bid ... oh , you do . well ... that 's what ideal bid , huh ?... okay . you ever do business with ideal before ? miss mcclatchey , he secretary , all business and about 30 , appear at the door . she seem distress . he raise he hand , palm up , tell she to wait . miss mcclatchey it 's important , Mr. werthan . boolie ( on the phone ) can you have lunch with I tomorrow ? herren all right ? yes . unh hunh . ' twelve thirty . Love to Peggy and the child . ( to miss mcclatchey ) what 's wrong ? miss mcclatchey oscar 's stick in the freight elevator . boolie damn that thing ! he get up , leave he office . she follow . a series of shot A. a corridor . boolie , follow by mcclatchey , hurry down a corridor . Glass - partition cubbyhole office ( 3 or 4 ) with man in shirtsleeve at desk , on phone , etc . B. end of the corridor . boolie open a large metal double door and they proceed to c. the factory . a enormous room , full of printing press in full swing . various worker be operate the machine , stack material onto hand truck , etc . the room be light mostly by the skylighted roof . boolie and mcclatchey hurry through to 13 . D. the freight elevator . it be about four foot above the ground . the old corrugate tin door be open and we see a pair of shoe and leg up to the knee . : boolie oscar ? oscar ( 0.s. ) yassuh . here I be . boolie you all right ? oscar ( o.s. ) nawsuh . I be stick . boolie I know . fiddle with the lever . oscar ( 0.s. ) it all fiddle out . I do everythin' I know how . boolie oh , Jesus ! call Bell Elevator , miss mcclatchey . miss mcclatchey I already do . they be back up . but they 's 1l be here around one . boolie one ! do you tell they it 's a emergency ? : miss mcclatchey you do not have to holler at I , Mr. werthan . I do not break the elevator . a small crowd of worker have gather behind boolie . this be a event . boolie you get that stuff for davison paxon in there , oscar ? oscar ( 0.s. ) wrapped and ready to go . boolie I tell they they would have it yesterday . call Bell back ! mcclatchey go off to the phone . 14. a voice from the crowd oscar ! oscar ? boolie turn to look and so do the camera . we see a sixtyish black man , neat , but dress in a shiny suit , a fray old white - on- white shirt and a sad-look tie . clearly somebody down on he luck . the old man you , hear I , oscar ? oscar ( o0.s. ) I hear you . the old man be there a little doo-hickey up yonder where the gate suppose to Close ? stickin ' down a little ? oscar ( 0.s. ) wait a minute ... yeah . unh hunh . it right here . the old man well , reach up and mash on it ... mash it up till it catch . oscar ( 0.s. ) I do it . now what ? old man well , just work the lever . a loud thump , a whirr of motor , and oscar , a black man in he forty , dress in a porter 's uniform , appear at ground level in the elevator , stack of print material behind he . a light round of applause , worker immediately start pack the material onto hand truck and move it out . boolie ( to the Old man ) Excuse I , do you work here ? oscar nawsah , this hoke . hoke please to see you , suh ... boolie ( at a loss ) oh. well , thank you . how do you know about the elevator ? 15 . hoke I use to drive for the avondale dairy and they have a old sorry elevator worse than dishyah . oscar Don ' you remember ? hoke the one I tole you about . boolie oh . of course . well , come on back with I to my office . hoke , be it ? hoke hoke coleburn , suh . the follow take place . as they walk back to boolie 's office . boolie you be not with the avondale dairy any more ? hoke nosuh . they lay I off back befo ' las ' November . boolie * Long time . hoke well , mist ' werthan , you try bein ' I and lookin ' for work . they hirin ' young if they hirin ' color and they ain ' even hirin ' much young seem like . they walk in silence for a bit . boolie be clearly not very interested . hoke mist 's werthan ? y'all people jewish , be not you ? boolie stop and turn around . boolie yes we be . why do you ask ? hoke well , suh , I would druther drive for Jews . people always talkin' ' bout they stingy and they cheap , but don ' say none of that ' round I . 16 . boolie good to know you feel that way . hoke yassah . one time I workin’ for this woman over near Little five point . what be that woman 's name ? I forget . anyway , she president of the lady auxiliary over yonder to the Ponce de Leon Baptist Church and seem like she always bringin ' up God and Jesus and do unto other . you know what I be talkin ' ' bout ? boolie I do not think so . hoke well , one day , mist ' werthan , one day that woman say to I , she say , " hoke , come on back in the back wid ' I . I get something for you . " and we go on back yonder and lawd have mercy , she have all this old shirt and collar be on the bed , and she say , " ai not they nice ? they b'long to my daddy befo ' he pass , and we fixin ' to sell ‘em to you for twenty - five cent apiece . " boolie what be she name ? hoke thass what I be askin ' myself . what be that woman 's name ? they have reach boolie' office now . miss mcclatchey be type at she desk . boolie proceed to he desk and start signing papers . hoke follow , talk a blue streak . hoke anyway , they 's the people callin ' Jews cheap . so I say , " yassum , I think about it " and I get I another job as fas ' as I can . boolie where be that ? hoke mist ' harold Stone , another jewish gentleman jes ' like you . judge , live over yonder on liillwater Road . 17 . boolie ( look up , interested ) I know judge Stone . hoke you doan ' say ! he do give I this here suit when he finish with it . a ' this necktie , too ! boolie you drive for judge Stone ? hoke Seven year to the day , nearabout . an' I be there still if he din ' up and die , and miz Stone decide to close up the house and move to she people in Savannah . and she say , " come on down to Savannah wid I , hoke . " ' Cause my wife dead by then , and I say , " no thank you . " I din ' want to leave my granbaby and I don ' get along with that low - class geechee trash they get down there . boolie judge Stone be a friend of my father 's . hoke you doan ' mean ! oscar say you need a driver for yo ' family . what I be doin ' ? runnin 's yo ' child to school and yo ' wife to the beauty parlor and like that ? boolie I do not have any child . but tell I -- hoke tha 's a shame . my daughter bes ' thing ever happen to I . but you young yet . I would not worry none . boolie I will not . thank you . hoke , what I be look for be somebody to drive my mother around . hoke Excuse I for ask , but how com 's she ain ' hire for herself ? 18 . boolie well , it 's a difficult situation . hoke mmmm hmmm . she do go ' roun ' the bend a little ? that will happen when they get on . boolie oh no . nothing like that . it just be not safe for she to drive any more . I will be frank with you . I 'ma little desperate . hoke I know what you mean ' bout that . once I outta work , my wife say to I , " oooh , hoke , you ain ' go ' get noun ' nother job . " and I say , " what you talkin ' ' bout , woman ? " and the very next week I go to work for that woman in Little five point . cahill ! Mrs. prance cahill . and then I get to judge Stone and they the reason I happy to hear you Jews . boolie hoke , I want you to understand , my mother be a little high -strung . she do not want anybody drive she . but the fact be you would be work for I . she can say anything she like but she can not fire you . you understand ? hoke sho ' I do . Don ' you worry none about it . I hold on no matter what way she run I . when I nothin ' but a little boy down there on the farm above macon where I come from , I use to wrastle hog to the ground at killin’ time . and ain ' no hog get away from I yet . boolie how do twenty dollar a week sound ? hoke soun ' like you do hire yo ' mama a chauffeur . boolie smile with relief . on hoke , pleased , but not quite sure what he 's get himself into . 19 . ext . daisy house - day a late model sedan drive up the driveway . boolie drive , hoke in the seat beside he . both look apprehensive . they get out of the car and walk toward the back door . ext . daisy bedroom window - same time Daisy see in the window watch the arrival . she be not smile . int . daisy house - same time the front hall . dim light in contrast to the sun outside . idella be go over the floor with a carpet sweeper . she be sing a hymn ( " be you washed in the blood of the Lamb " ) , mostly to herself . boolie come into the hall , hoke behind he . boolie how be you , idella ? idella livin ' . boolie where 's that vacuum cleaner I bring over here ? idella in the closet . boolie ( to hoke ) she will not touch it . idella I would if it din ' give I a shock every time I go near it . boolie it work for I . idella good . you clean up . I go down and run yo ' office . hoke laugh . idella shoot he a look . boolie where 's mama ? idella up yonder . 20 . boolie I guess you know who this be . idella mmmm hmmm . she go back to she carpet sweeping . boolie I will be right back , hoke . he head up the step . idella ( to hoke ) I would not be in you shoe if the sweet lawd Jesus come down and ask I hisself ! on hoke , size up the situation . int . the upstair landing - same time boolie knock on Daisy 's close bedroom door . boolie mama ? daisy ( 0.s. ) come in . int . daisy bedroom - same time Daisy be seat at a small desk , checkbook open , pay bill . she do not rise when boolie enter . he bend over and try to kiss she cheek , but she pull away . boolie good morning , mama . no answer . she continue pay bill . boolie ( cont 'd ) all I be ask be for you to come and say hello . daisy now you listen here . unless they rewrote the constitution and do not tell I , I still have rights . and one of my rights be to invite who I want -- not who you want -- into my house . you do accept the fact that this be my house ? 21 . boolie well , of course I do , mama , but -- daisy what I do not want -- and absolutely will not have be some -- some chauffeur sit in my kitchen , gobble up my food , run up my phone bill . oh , I hate all that in my house . on forsyth Street we could not afford they and we do for ourselves . that 's still the best way if you ask I . boolie they ? afford they ? you sound like Governor talmadge . daisy why , boolie ! what a thing to say ! I be not prejudice ! be not you ashamed . boolie I get to get back to the plant . you might as well try to make the best of this , mama . he leave , shitting the door . on daisy face , jaw set . int . kitchen - same time hoke , have remove he jacket , and neatly roll up he shirt sleeve , . be look through the broom closet . boolie come into the kitchen . boolie she will be down in a while . hoke I ain ' studyin ' she , mist ' werthan . you ain ' get to concern yourself . look like ain ' nobody dust nary a light bulb ' roun ' here in fifty year ! where y'all keep the stepladder ? boolie in the pantry closet , I think . good luck . hoke you sayin ' something now ! 22 . boolie smile , go out the back door . int . the den / library - day hoke be stand on the stepladder , dusting the lightbulb in the ceiling fixture . Daisy come into the room . daisy here ! what do you think you be do ? hoke Dustin ' yo ' bulb , miz Daisy . daisy that 's the silliest thing I ever see in my life . who care if light bulb be dusty ? get down from there . hoke yassum . daisy and put that ladder away before somebody trip on it . int . kitchen - day late afternoon sunlight slant into the room . idella be roll out biscuit dough . hoke be sit on a stool nearby . hoke I know a miss idella once , down there above macon . idella doan ' say . hoke you talkin ' ' bout sing ! I mean that woman have lung ! she would a be a whole church choir by herseff if they would a let she . and fat , too ! she about the size of that stove yonder . idella laugh . Daisy come into the kitchen . hoke do not talk to idella . she have work to do . hoke yassum . 23 . int . stairway landing - day hoke be stand on the landing study the frame picture on the wall . closeup frame photo turn -of- the-century fifth grade class , teacher , young Daisy , in Gibson girl blouse . Daisy come into the hall from she bedroom . daisy what be you do there ? hoke I love a house with picture . make a home . dishere you , be not it ? daisy yes . hoke look like you bin a teacher or something . daisy I do not want you nose through my thing . she go back into she room . int . front hall - evening idella be wear she street . clothes and carry a shopping ~ bag . hoke have on he jacket , and carry he chauffeur 's hat in he hand . idella ( call up the stair ) I be go , miz Daisy . daisy ( 0.s. ) all right , idella . see you tomorrow . hoke ( also call upstairs ) I be go too , miz Daisy . daisy ( 0.s. ) good ! idella and hoke exchange look and head out the door . 24 . ext . daisy house - morning the side of the house . hoke be kneel down examine a bed of flower . he have a trowel in he hand . Daisy appear in a first floor window . hoke look like yo ' zeenias use a little tendin ' to . daisy you leave my flower bed alone . hoke yassum but you be sorry somebody doan get after they weed . Daisy shut the window and disappear . int . kitchen - day Daisy and idella , wear apron , stand at the counter . Daisy be make chili sauce . idella be wash up after she . peeled tomato , onion , etc. , wait on the counter . at the moment she be boil mason jar in a huge kettle . hoke come in from the back porch . hoke you know , miz Daisy , you get a nice place back beyond the garage be not doin ' nothin ' but sittin ' there . I could put you some butterbean and some tomato and even some irish potato could we get someone with good eye . daisy if I want a vegetable garden I will plant it for myself . hoke well , anything else I kin do of ' you ? daisy go back where you belong ... hoke yassum . I b'long here . mist 's werthan expec ' I to stay ' till five o'clock . lemme carry you somewhere in de car . daisy no thank you . 25 . she fork a boil jar out of the cauldron . end of conversation . she give a small smile of triumph to idella . ext . daisy house - morning the flowerbed . Daisy , wear a gardening hat , be on she knee weed the flowerbed . hoke walk up the driveway and see she . hoke mornin ' miz Daisy . daisy good morning . hoke they zeenias lookin ' lot better . no answer . hoke ( cont 'd ) right cool in the night , wadn ' it ? daisy I would not know . I be asleep . hoke yassum . what yo ' plan for today ? daisy that 's my business . hoke you right about that . I find something ' to do . he go off toward the garage . she look after he . ext . garage and driveway ~ day a brand new oldsmobile sedan be park in the garage . hoke go into the garage and be get into the car . Daisy come up behind he . daisy what be you do ? hoke fixin ' to back de car out . daisy why ? I be not go anywhere . 26 . hoke nome , I know that , but I brung thisshyeah from home . he pull a small soft cloth from he coat . ; hoke ( cont 'd ) give the car a good wipe off . daisy what for ? it be not dirty . it 's never even be out of the garage . hoke you tellin ' I ! daisy I do not want you touch my car . you understand ? he reluctantly get out of the car . hoke yassum . I reckon I jes ' set in the kitchen ' till five o'clock . daisy that 's you affair . hoke go off towards the back door , a sad stoop to he shoulder . Daisy watch he with some satisfaction . then she go back to attack she flowerbed . int . daisy screen porch - the next morning very sunny . Daisy sit on one of the porch chair , read the morning paper . idella enter from the house . idella we runnin’ outta coffee and dutch cleanser . daisy we be ? idella . yassum and we low on silver polish , too . daisy I know ... I be fixin ' to go to the piggly wiggly on the trolley . hoke emerge from the house where he have be listen . 27 . hoke now , miz Daisy , how come you doan let I carry you ? daisy no , thank you . she put the paper down and walk through the live room to the front hall where she straw hat sit on the hall commode . hoke have follow she and they talk as she pin she hat on she head and gather she purse and glove . idella , in b.g. , be straighten the live room . . hoke ain ' that what mist 's werthan do hire I for ? daisy that 's he problem . hoke all right de . I find somethin’ to do . daisy you leave my thing alone ! ( call to the live room ) I be go to the market , idella ! idella ( 0.s. ) yassum . Daisy march out the front door . ext . the front step and driveway - morning Bright , hot sunlight . Daisy walk briskly toward the driveway , hoke follow . hoke you know , it seem a downright shame . that fine oldsmobile settin ' out there in the garage . ain ' move a inch from when mist ' werthan ride it over here from Mitchell Motors . only get nineteen mile on it . seem like that insurance company do give you a whole new car for nothin’ . daisy that 's you opinion . 28 . hoke yassum . and my other opinion be a fine rich jewish lady like you doan b'long draggin ' up the step of no bus luggin 's no grocery sto ' bag . I come along and carry they of ' you . Daisy stop walk and turn to have it out . daisy I do not need you . I do not want you . and I do not like you say I be rich . hoke I win ' say it no more then . daisy be that what you and idella talk about in the kitchen ? oh , I hate all this ! I hate be discuss behind my back in my own house ! I be bear on forsyth Street and believe you I I know the value of a penny . my brother , manny , bring home a white cat one day and papa say we could not keep it because we could not afford to feed it . my sister save up money so I could go . to school and be a teacher . we do not have anything ! : hoke yassum , but look like you doin ' all right now . if look could kill , hoke would now be dead . Daisy have now reach the street , and walk as briskly as she can up the sidewalk . hoke retreat toward the house . Daisy see this and smile slightly to herself . ext . the STREET - a few minute later heavily green tree dapple the sunlight on this quiet morning . Daisy continue up the sidewalk , unaware that hoke be behind she in the car . he idle along slowly behind she , until she be aware of he presence . she continue walk and he creep along beside she during the follow . daisy ( horrify ) what be you do ? hoke tryin ' to take you to the sto ' . 29 . a neighbor lady be gardening in she front yard , rather take with this unusual spectacle . the lady where be you off to this morning , Mrs. werthan ? daisy ( polite and mortify ) oh , just a little shopping . she continue up the sidewalk , hoke keep pace with she . daisy ( cont 'd ) go away ! I have ride the trolley with grocery plenty of time . hoke yassum , but I feel bad takin ' mist 's werthan money for doin ' nothing . you understand ? daisy how much do he pay you ? hoke that between he and I , miz Daisy . daisy anything over seven dollar a week be robbery . highway robbery . broke specially when I don ' do nothin ' but set on a stool in the kitchen all day long . another car , with three or four lady in it , be come down another driveway toward the street . all the lady stare openly . Daisy stop walk . daisy all right , the piggly wiggly . and then home . nowhere else . ° hoke yassum . he stop the car , hop out and go around to open the door for she , but she be too quick for he and get in by herself . hoke go back around to he door and start to get in . 30 . daisy wait . you do not know how to run this car ! hoke ain ' you jes ' see I do it ? anyway , thisshere automatic . any ' fool can run it . daisy any fool but I , apparently . hoke ain ' no need to be so hard on yoseff now . you cain ' drive , but you probably do alotta thing I cain do . it all work out . daisy the idea ! hoke press the accelerator and the car move on down the street . int . car - same time hoke in a wonderful mood . Daisy in full bristle on the back seat . hoke I love the smell of a new car . doan ' you , miz Daisy ? no answer . ext . STREET - morning the car cruise smoothly through the summer suburban street . int . car - same time daisy I be nobody 's fool , hoke . hoke nome . daisy I can see the speedometer as well as you can . hoke I see that . 31 . daisy my husband teach I to run a car . hoke yassum . daisy I still remember everything he say . so do not you think for even a second that you can -- wait ! you be speed ! I see it ! hoke we ain ' goin ' but nineteen mile a hour . daisy I like to go under the speed limit . hoke yassum , but the speed limit thirty - five here . daisy the slower you go , the more you save on gas . my husband tell I that . hoke we barely move . might as well walk to the piggly wiggly . daisy be this you car ? hoke nome . daisy do you pay for the gas ? hoke nome . daisy all right then . my fine son may think I be lose my ability , but I be still in control of what go on in my car . where be you go ? hoke to the grocery sto ' . daisy then why do not you turn on highland Avenue ? 32 . hoke piggly wiggly ain ' on highland Avenue . it on euclid , down there near -- daisy I know where it be and I want to go to it the way I always go . on highland Avenue . hoke that three block out the way , miz Daisy . daisy go back ! go back this minute ! hoke we in the wrong lane . I cain jes -- daisy go back I say ! if you do not go back I will get out of this car and walk ! hoke we movin ' ! you cain ' open the do ' . daisy this be . wrong ! where be you take I ? . . hoke the sto '. daisy this be wrong . you have to go back to highland Avenue . hoke mmmm hmmm . daisy I have be drive to the piggly wiggly since they put it up and open it for business ! this be not the way ! go back ! go back this minute ! hoke : yonder the piggly wiggly , miss Daisy . daisy get ready to turn . hoke yassum . 33 . daisy look out ! there 's a little boy behind that shopping cart ! hoke I see that . daisy pull in next to the blue car . . hoke we closer to the do ' right here . daisy next to the blue car ! I do not park in the sun ! it fade the upholstery ! hoke yassum . he park the car as direct . the piggly wiggly have a small conerete parking lot on the side of the store . Daisy spring out of the back seat as soon as the car stop and slam the car door . she head off for the store , then stop . daisy wait a minute . give I the car key . hoke yassum . daisy stay right here by the car . and you do not have to tell everybody my business . hoke nome . do not forget the dutch cleanser now . she fix he with another killer look and go off into the grocery store . ext . STREET - day there be a pay phone booth on the corner . hoke put in he nickel and dial . hoke hello ? miz mcclatchey ? hoke colburn here . can I speak to he ?... mornin ' , mist ' werthan . guess where I be at ?... I be at disnere phone booth on euclid Avenue right next not ) ee piggly wiggly . ( more 34 . hoke ( cont 'd ) I jes ' drive yo ' mama to the sto 's ... oh , she flap around a little on the way . but she all right . she in the sto ' . int . the piggly wiggly - hoke' Pov Daisy , push cart , spot hoke on the phone , through the large plate glass window . ext . the phone booth - same time hoke uh oh . she do see I on the phone . she liable to throw a fit right there by the checkout ... yassuh . only take I six day . same time it take the lawd to make the worl ' . ext . daisy house - saturday morning it be fall now , gray sky and leave off the tree . a werthan company panel truck be park in Daisy 's driveway . int . live room - same time , oscar and he assistant from the elevator , junior , be in the process of remove the slip cover from the upholster furniture and roll down the Oriental rug and pad . hoke , jacket off and sleeve roll up , be help they . idella be supervise . oscar how the old lady be treat you , hoke ? hoke she know how to pitch a fit . I tell you that . oscar and junior roar with laughter . Daisy come into the room wear a fur piece , a dark hat and glove . she do not like hire people laugh in she house . . daisy what 's so funny ? hoke nothin ' , miz Daisy . we just carryin ' on . 35 . daisy oscar and junior have be do my fall clean for fifteen year and they never carry on before . leave they alone . hoke yassun . daisy and put you coat on . we be late . hoke I be right there . daisy ( 0.s. ) idella ! I be go to Temple ! hoke ( as he leave the live room ) and I right behind she , idella . int . the temple - same day we be in the large sanctuary of the Temple , the Atlanta Reform jewish congregation . the building be design in the twenty , and somehow this sanctuary carry a ' sense of the Bible as interprete by c.b. demille . the room have a very large chandelier , lot of large window , and be decorate with white wall and gold relief work . the Arc for the torah itself be all gold relief work . the whole place give off a scent of well - be and not too much religious warmth . . we be approach the end of the Saturday morning service . the rabbi , who prefer to call himself dr . weil , be conduct the service in a morning coat . there be no yarmulke or any other jewish paraphernalia in sight . the sanctuary be sparsely populate this ( and every ) Saturday morning . in the front couple of row sit the confirmation class , some thirty or so tenth - grader who have to appear every Saturday in order to get confirm at the end of the year . they be standard issue high school sophomore , dress well and appropriately for a religious service . none of they seem very interested in the service . some look just plain bored , other be mile away , and still other ( girl ) be pass note and / or giggle . most of the rest of the room be empty . there be a few worshipper in pair or alone scattered throughout . 36 . the last few row be more populate . here be the older member of the congregation , mostly widow , some older man , and a few grow son / daughter . Daisy be in the next to the last row , sit very straight in the pew , she back not touch the seat . dr . weil ' praise and glorify be the name of the Holy one , though he be above all the praise which we can utter . we guide be he in life and we redeemer through all eternity . congregation we help cometh from him , the creator of heaven and earth . dr . weil the depart whom we now remember have enter into the peace of life eternal . they still live on earth in the act of goodness they perform and in the heart of that who cherish they memory . May the beauty of they life abide among we as a loving benediction . congregation _ amen . dr . weil May the Father of peace send peace to all who mourn and comfort the bereaved among we . , congregation amen . the choir , 0.s. , now sing . choir May the word of my ' mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight , o Lord , my strength and my redeemer . amen . amen . amen. the service be over . the congregation , Daisy include , file out the rear door . Daisy be walk with she friend , beulah and miriam . 37 . ext . the temple - same time the front elevator of the building . it be a clear autumn day . Daisy , Miriam and beulah come out of the building . Daisy be wear she little social smile , which suddenly vanish from she face . ext . front of the temple - same time - daisy Pov her car , hoke stand politely by the passenger door in the rear , be directly in front of the building . a couple of other chauffeur - drive sedan be behind it . Daisy scurries down the step as fast as she can . she wave goodbye to she friend , get in the car , sit up very straight and make sure she slam the door for herself . daisy I can get myself in . just go . hurry up out of here ! hoke yassum . hoke , confuse , scurries around to the driver 's seat and set the car into gear . the car move down the driveway and into Saturday traffic . int . car - same time daisy I do not say speed . I say get I away from here . hoke somethin 's wrong back yonder ? daisy no. hoke somethin ' I do ? daisy no. . ( a beat ) yes. hoke I ain ' do nothin ' ! 38 . daisy you have the car park right in front of the front door of the Temple ! like I be the Queen of Romania ! everybody see you ! do not I tell you to wait for I in the back ? hoke I jes ' tryin ' to be nice . they two other chauffeur right behind I . daisy you make I look like a fool . a g.d. fool . hoke lawd know you ain ' no fool , miz Daisy . daisy slow down . Miriam and beulah and they , I could see what they be think when we come out of service . hoke what that ? daisy that I be try to pretend I be rich . hoke you be rich , miz Daisy ! . daisy no I be not . and nobody can ever say I put on air . on forsyth Street we only have meat once a week . we make a meal off of grit and gravy . I teach the fifth grade at the Crew Street School . I do without plenty of time , I can tell you . hoke and now you doin ' with . what so terrible in that ? daisy you ! why do I talk to you ? you do not understand I . 39 . hoke nome , I do not . I truly do not . ' Cause if I ever be to get ahold of what you get , I be shakin ' it around for everybody in the worl ' to see . daisy that 's vulgar ! do not talk to I ! hoke . mutter something under he breath . daisy ( cont 'd ) what ? what do you say ? I hear that ! hoke miz Daisy , you need a chauffeur and lawd know , I need a job . less jes ' leave it at that . they eye each other warily in the rearview mirror . int . daisy house - night pitch black dark . suddenly a electric light snap on . we be in Daisy 's dine room . it be very early in the morning . Daisy be wear she winter bathrobe and warm slipper . she be concerned . we see she go through the drawer of she buffet . she be not find what she 's look for . we follow daisy into the pantry closet where she pull a overhead light string . the pantry be a walk - in closet . there be numerous can and preserve goods on the shelf . Daisy look at the can , suddenly push one ox two aside . suddenly there be a odd look of triumph on she ace . ext . bollie' house - a winter morning - 1949 establishing shot of a handsome Colonial set well back from the road . int . boolie' house / the downstair hall - early morning the hall be decorate in English country house fashion . lot of old piece and williamsburg -y wallpaper . there be a Queen Anne telephone table with appropriate chair . the phone be ringing ( loudly ) . florine come into the hall to answer it . she be wear a winter dress gown with long flow sleeve . 40 . florine hello ?... wait a minute , mother werthan . I will get he for you ... no trouble . he 's right here . we follow florine a few step to the breakfast room where bollie , shirt and tie , but no jacket , sit at a build - in breakfast booth eat he bacon and egg . a uniform black may be pour he a second cup of coffee . florine guess who ? boolie ( look at he watch ) my Lord ! florine sit back down at the table and pick up the woman 's page of the paper . we follow boolie back to the hall boolie stand by the table and pick up the receiver . boolie good morning , mama . what 's the : matter ?... no , I do not always think something 's the matter when you call . it 's just when you call so early in the morning ... what ? mama , you be talk so fast I ... what ? all right . all right . I '11 come by on my way to work . I will be there as soon as I can . he hang up the phone . go back to the breakfast room boolie I better go on over there . florine bye . boolie come on , honey . florine it 's not healthy for you to rush like this in the morning . 41 . boolie ( get into he jacket ) I eat too much anyway . and it sound like she need I . . florine when do not it ? she smile at he , lift she face to be kiss . florine ( cont 'd ) give mother werthan my love . he hurry out and she pick up the woman 's page of the paper , light a cigarette and call into the kitchen . florine ( cont 'd ) coffee , gaynell ! int . daisy house / live room - morning Daisy , still in she bathrobe , pace back and forth , look out of the window . in a minute or so , boolie come through the door . boolie I do not expect to find you in one piece . daisy I want you to be here when he come . I want you to hear it for yourself . boolte hear what ? what be go on ? daisy he 's steal from I . boolie hoke ? be you sure ? daisy I do not make empty accusation . I have proof ! boolie what proof ? daisy this ! she triumphantly pull a empty can of salmon out of she robe pocket . 42. daisy ( cont 'd ) I catch he red-hand ! I find this hide in the garbage pail under some coffee grounds . boolie you mean he steal a can of salmon ? daisy here it be ! oh , I know . I know something be funny . they all take thing , you know . so I count . boolie you count ? daisy the silverware first and then the linen dinner napkin and then I go into the pantry . I turn on the light and the first thing that catch my eye be a hole behind the corn beef . and I know right away . there be only eight can of salmon . I have nine . Three for a dollar on sale . boolie very clever , mama . you make I miss my breakfast and be late for a meeting at the bank for a thirty - three cent can of salmon . he jam he hand into he pocket and pull out some bill . boolie ( cont 'd ) here . you want thirty - three cent ? here 's a dollar ! here 's ten dollar ! buy a pantry full of salmon . daisy why , boolie ! the idea ! waving money at I like I do not know what ! I do not want the money . I want my thing . boolie one can of salmon ? daisy well , it be mine ! I buy it and I put it there and he go into my pantry and just take it and he never say a word . I leave he plenty of food every day and I always tell he exactly what it be . they be like have child in the house . ( more ) 43 . daisy ( cont 'd ) they want something so they just take it . not a smidgin of manners . no conscience . he will never admit this . " nome , " " he will say . " I doan know nothin ' ' bout that . " and I do not like it ! I do not like live this way ! I have no privacy ! boolie mama ! daisy go ahead . defend he . you always do . boolie all right . I give up . you want to drive yourself again , you just go ahead and arrange it with the insurance company . take you bless trolley . buy yourself a taxicab . anything you want . just leave I out of it . daisy boolie ... ext . daisy house - same time idella and hoke walk up the driveway to work . both be wear coat . they see boolie 's car in the driveway . hoke what you ' spect he 's doin ' here this hour of the morning ? idella can not be good . I promise you that . they exchange look . int . daisy live room - same time hoke come in from the back hall . hoke mornin ' , miz Daisy . I b'leve it fixin ' to clear up . 'o scuse I , Mr. werthan . y'all busy ? boolie hoke , I think we have to have a talk . 44 . hoke all right . jes ' lemme put my coat away . I be right back . he pull a small paper bag from he pocket . hoke ( cont 'd ) oh , miz Daisy . yestiddy when you out with yo ' sister I eat a can of yo ' salmon . I know you say eat de leff over pork chop , but they stiff . here , I do buy you another can . you want I to put it in the pantry of ' you ? daisy yes , thank you , hoke . hoke I be right with you , mist ' werthan . hoke go off to the kitchen . Daisy look at the empty can in she hand . daisy ( try for dignity ) well , I get to get dress now . " bye , son , she peck boolie on the cheek and head up the stair . he look after she with a little smile break across he face . int . daisy house / the den - day - april it be Saturday afternoon . Daisy sit in a comfortable chair . she be listen to a period console radio which sit on a nearby table . it 's the Saturday broadcast of the met . the sextet from " Lucia di lammermoor " be blasting forth and Daisy hum along happily as she do a bit of crewel work . hoke , pass in the hall , stand a minute in the open door frame , smile at what he see . ext . crest cemetery - day - may , 1951 a full , fuzzy - green , warm morning . although this be a cemetery , it be not depress -- not today , anyway , in the bright sunlight . the red-clay Georgia soil look particularly soft . Daisy 's car be park off to the side of one of the narrow roadway . the car be not quite so new now , but still well - keep . hoke be carefully buffing the front grillwork with he trusty old chamois cloth . we can see the Georgia license plate which read 1951 , so a couple of year have pass since the last scene . 45 . twenty foot or so from he , Daisy be kneel by a well - tend grave . the headstone read " werthan . " the small stone at the foot on one side read " sigmund werthan " with he date . the other side be unused . Daisy be digging with she trowel , plant verbena . hoke amble over . hoke I jess thinkin ' , miz Daisy . we bin out heah to the cemetery three time dis mont ' already , and ain ' even the twentieth yet . daisy it 's good to come in nice weather . hoke yassum . mist ' sig 's grave mighty well tend . I b'leve you the best widow in the state of Georgia . daisy boolie 's always pester I to let the staff out here tend to this plot . perpetual care they call it . hoke well , doan you do it . it right to have somebody from the family look after you . daisy I will certainly never have that . boolie will have I in perpetual care before I be cold . hoke go on ' way from here ! daisy _ hoke , run on back to the car and get that pot of azalea for I and set it on Leo bauer 's grave . hoke miz Rose bauer 's husband ? daisy that 's right . she ask I to bring it out here for she . she 's not very good about come . and I believe today would have be Leo 's birthday . hoke yassum . where the grave at ? hoke' Pov - 46 . daisy I be not exactly sure . but I know it 's over that way on the other side of the weep cherry . you will see the headstone . bauer . a veritable sea of look - alike headstone . hoke yassum . daisy what 's the matter ? hoke nothin ' the matter . he go back to the car and get the azalea . Daisy go on with she digging . hoke miz Daisy ... daisy I tell you , it 's over on the other side of the weep cherry . it say bauer on the headstone . hoke now , how do that look ? daisy what be you talk about ? hoke I be talkin ' ' bout I cain ' read . daisy what ? hoke I cain ' read . daisy that 's ridiculous . anybody can read . hoke nome . not I . daisy then how come I see you look at the paper all the time ? 47 . hoke thass it . jes ' lookin ' . I dope out what 's happenin’ from the picture bes ' I can . daisy you know you letter , do not you ? hoke my ABC 's ? yassum , pretty good . I jes ' cain ' read . daisy stop say that . it 's make I mad . if you know you letter then you can read . you just do not know you can read . I teach some of the stupidest child God ever put on the face of this earth and all of they could read enough to find a name on a tombstone . the name be bauer . buh buh buh buh buh bauer . what do that buh letter sound like ? hoke soun ' like a B. daisy of course . buh bauer . er er er er er. bauer . that 's the last part . what letter sound like er ? hoke a r? daisy so the first letter be a -- hoke B. daisy and the last letter be a -- hoke R. daisy b-r.. b- R. b- R. buh-err . buh-err . it even sound like bauer , do not it ? hoke sho ' do , miz Daisy . thass it ? daisy that 's it . now go on over there like I tell you in the first place and look for a headstone with a B at the beginning and a R at the end and that will be bauer . : hoke . we ain ' go ' worry ' bout what come in the middle ? daisy not right now . this will be enough for you to find it . go on now . hoke yassum . daisy and do not come back here tell I you can not do it . because you can . ext . the cemetery - same time we follow hoke on he walk past the weep cherry tree , carry the pot azalea in front of he . he be cautious , but excited . the headstone loom in front of he , somehow suddenly menace . but he proceed . and , sure enough , there it be -- bauer . . . he silently mouth the buh and the er and place the azalea gently in front of the headstone . a big moment for he . then , walk quickly , he head back to where Daisy be finish up she digging and collect she thing . hoke miz Daisy ... daisy yes ? hoke I sure ' preciate this , miz Daisy . daisy do not be ridiculous ! I do not do anything . now , let 's get all this pack to the car . I be burn up out ere . he gather she digging tool and she blanket and they walk together towards the car , hoke hold she elbow to keep she from trip . 48 . 49 . ext . boolie' house - christmas morning , 1953 establishing shot - house all do up for Christmas . int . boolie' house / the den - same time we hear eartha kitt singing " Santa baby " and we see we be in a small room off the live room , furnish like a Georgia decorator 's idea of a English club . the mantelpiece and mirror above it be currently support a large display of gheiepmas card . one of they read in bold letter , " so Long 1953 ! boolie , wear a long -sleeve cashmere pullover and a open shirt , be go through a pile of long - play Christmas record . his cabinet hi-fidelity record player be the very latest thing , circa 1953 . ' the record jacket we see be album by Bing crosby , Rosemary clooney , Hugo winterhalter , etc. , none of they particularly religious in content . through the open double door we can just glimpse a portion of a huge floor - to- ceiling Christmas tree and a mound of wrap present at the base . 0.s. we hear florine 's inimitable voice . florine ( 0.s. ) of course I tell you ! of course I tell you ! and we hear a second , muffled voice rise in protest . florine ( 0.s. ) now , how can I be expect to buy it if you do not write it down ! more muffle , escalate . florine ( 0.s. ) honey ! boolie ! I need you ! boolie be right there ! and we follow he through the back hall to the kitchen a early fifty dream of a kitchen , newly appoint . every surface contain the making of a Christmas party - to - be . a large baked ham , unslice , various bottle of liquor , making for canape , etc. , etc . the current bone of contention be a large cut glass bowl full of slice orange and bananas . florine , in slack and a silk blouse , peer into the bowl . katie bell , the current cook , black and young , be cower by the sink . 50 . florine I tell you . I tell you a million time , Katie Bell . write it down . katie bell yassum . florine more I cannot do . ( to boolie ) we be out of coconut . boolie ( the peacemaker ) I be sure we can manage , Katie Bell . katie bell I tole she . florine but you do not write it down ! I do not need to stand around and listen to excuse on Christmas Day . maybe you can figure out how to serve ambrosia to fifty people without coconut . I give up . head high , she march out of the kitchen . boolie ( to Katie Bell ) I will call mama . she have the whole piggly wiggly in she pantry . Katie Bell smile weakly , a little cheer . boolie go to the CENTER hall he stand by the telephone table and dial . boolie mama ? merry Christmas . listen , do florine a favor , all right ? she 's have a fit and the grocery store be close today . you get a package of coconut in you pantry ? ... would you bring it when you come ? many thanks . see you anon , mama . Ho ho ho ! he hang up the phone and bound up the curve stairway , baby - blue carpete , call as he go : 51 . boolie honey ! hey , honey ! he enter the master bedroom a fancy , french provincial affair with a bay window , a chaise longue , etc . boolie florine ! florine ! florine ( 0.s. ) in here . he go back out into the hall and enter a second bedroom at least it be intend to be a bedroom because it be good - size . this room be florine 's clothes closet . rack of clothes be everywhere like a fancy dress store ; shoe , hat , accessory , etc. , abound . florine be stand in front of a three - way mirror hold a hostess skirt in front of she . boolie you ambrosia 's save . mama 's get the coconut ! florine I know she be good for something . boolie ( he face clouding ) damn it , florine ! I tell you I do not like all this sniping at mama . she 's a old lady , for God 's sake ! florine 's eye flash and she start to speak , but change she mind and smile coquettishly . florine silly ! I be teasin ' you ! let 's do not fight on Christmas , okay ? boolie of course okay . he smile and kiss she , a kiss reflect in she many mirror . 52 . ext . suburban STREET scene - christmas night music over . Rosemary clooney " count my blessing " or some such thing . we be seeing well - to - do suburban street from the Pov of a automobile . lot of outdoor Christmas decoration , light , etc . int . daisy car - same time hoke be drive . Daisy sit in she customary position in the back . she be not in a festive mood . hoke oooooh at they light up decoration ! daisy everybody 's give the Georgia power company a merry Christmas . hoke miz florine 's get ‘em all beat with the light . daisy she make a ass out of herself every year . . hoke yassum . daisy she always have to go and put a wreath in every window she 's get . hoke mmm hmmm . daisy and that silly Santa Claus winking on the front door ! hoke I bet she have the biggest tree in Atlanta . where she get ‘em so large ? lot daisy absurd . if I have a nose like florine I would not go around say merry Christmas to anybody . hoke I enjoy Christmas at they house . 53. daisy I do not wonder . you be the only Christian in the place ! hoke ' cept they get that new cook . daisy florine never could keep help . of course , it 's none of my affair . hoke nome . daisy too much run around , if you ask I . the Garden Club this and the junior League that ! as if any one of they would ever give she the time of day ! but she would die before she would fix a glass of ice tea for the Temple sisterhood ! roke yassum . you right . daisy I just hope she do not take it in she head to sing this year .~* ( she imitate ) Glo-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 - ria ! she sound like she have a bone stick in she throat . hoke you do say a mouthful , miz Daisy . daisy you do not have to come . boolie would have run I out . hoke I know that . daisy then why do you ? : hoke that my business . 54 . ext . boolie' house - night hoke turn the car into the driveway . several car be already in the turnaround , indicate a party in progress . perched in a dogwood tree , near the road , be a rudolph - the - Red - nosed - reindeer facsimile , nose a-blink . hoke well , looka there . look what miz florine do put in the dogwood tree . daisy oh my Lord ! if she grandfather , old man freitag , could see this ! what be it you say ? I bet he would jump up out of he grave and snatch she baldhead . hoke have get out of the car and be go around to the passenger door . boke go on ' way from here , miz Daisy ! jump up and snatch she baldhead ! daisy wait a minute . she take a small package wrap in brown paper from she purse . daisy ( cont 'd ) this be not a Christmas present . hoke nome . daisy you know I do not give Christmas present . hoke yassum . . daisy I just happen to run across it this morning . goon. open it up . he unwrap the package . hoke ain ' nobody never give I no book . 55 . he read , not without difficulty : hoke ( cont 'd ) '' Hand write copy Book - grade five . " daisy I always teach out of this . I save a few . hoke yassum . daisy it 's fade but it work . it you practice , you will write nicely . hoke yassum . daisy but you have to practice . I teach Mayor hartsfield out of this same book . hoke ( very touch ) thank you , miz Daisy . daisy it 's not a Christmas present . hoke nome . daisy Jews have not get any business give Christmas present . and you do not need to go yapping about this to boolie and florine . hoke ~¢ this strictly between you and I . florine ( 0.s. ) merry Christmas , mother werthan ! we follow hoke and daisy Pov to boolie' front doorway boolie and florine be stand in the doorway , arm around one another . florine be dress in a satin gown - pants - suit affair , reminiscent of rosalind Russell as auntie mame . they be both wave . 56 . back to the driveway hoke they do see we . . daisy I hope I do not spit up . he take she arm and help she up the step toward the house . ext . STREET scene - day - spring , 1955 Daisy 's car in lightish Saturday traffic on a main street . hoke be drive , boolie sit beside he in the front seat . int . daisy car - same time hoke you know , yo ' mama do watch over dis machine like a chicken hawk . one day we park in front of de dry cleaner up yonder at de Plaza and dis white man -- look like some kind of lawyer , banker , dress up real fine -- he do lay he satchel up on we hood while he open up he trunk , you know , and lawd what he want to do that for ? ' fore I could stop she , yo ' mama jump out de back do ' and run that man every yeh way . she wick ' bout she paint ob . ext . STREET - same time the car be approach Mitchell Motors , a buick - cadillac dealer . int . car - same time boolie do mama tell you this new car have air conditioning ? hoke she say she doan like no air cool . say it give she the neck ache . ext . mitchell motor - same time the car head into the dealer 's lot . a large sign in the window proclaim the arrival of the new 1955 model . boolie and hoke get out of they respective door and walk towards the shiny new 1955 cadillac , paint cadillac blue and gleam in the sun like a jewel . 57 . boolie you know how mama fight I , but it 's time for a trade . I bet both of you will miss the old one , though . hoke not I , unh unh . boolie oh , come on . you be the only one that 's drive it all this time . be not you a little sorry to see it go ? hoke it be not goin ' nowhere . I do buy it . '' boolie you do not ! hoke already make the deal with mist ' Red Mitchell inside yonder . boolie for how much ? : hoke dat for he arid I to know . they be inspect the new car now . red mitchell himself , all smile , have make two sale , come out to join they . red mitchell well , hey , boolie ! you get a gem here . you get that payment for I , hoke ? roke sho ' do ... boolie we will be right in , Red . Mitchell head back towards the building . boolie walk hoke a . little way away . boolie ( cont 'd ) for God 's sake ! why do not you just buy it right from mama ? you would have save money . 58 . hoke yo ' mama in my bizness enough as it be . I ain ' studyin ' makin ' no monthly car payment to she . dis here mine the regular way . the two car be side - by-side in the sun , the one gleam , phe other also glow , but with age . boolie pat the old one ondly . boolie it 's a good car , all right . I guess nobody know that better than you . hoke bes ' ever come off the line . and dis new one , miz Daisy doan take to it , I let she ride in disheah now a ' again . boolie mighty nice of you . hoke well , we all doin ' what we can . ext . front door of the dealership - ten minute later boolie , hold the key to the new car and he copy of the , papers , shake hand with Red Mitchell at the door . hoke follow he out the door , hold he own set of papers . Mitchell wave and go back inside . boolie light a cigarette . boolie you want to drive the new one home ? hoke no suh . boolie why the hell not ? hoke ' Cause I doan want you gettin’ they nasty ash all over my ' polstry . int . daisy house - afternoon - JUNE , 1957 on idella's hand lift fry chicken out of a sputtering skillet and onto wait paper towel . pull back to reveal idella herself , probably in she eighty now , and look a bit wear . the kitchen counter hold hardboil egg white wait to be stuff , carrot stick , and other indication of picnic-make in progress . 59 . Golden afternoon sun stream into the room , which now contain a fifty refrigerator , a new dinette and chair , and a cheery wall calendar , which read " June , 1957 . " Daisy come into the kitchen . Daisy start daisy that 's not enough chicken . idella how much you and hoke plannin ' to eat ? daisy I like to give they leftover when I get there . idella you will , less you make a pig of yo'seff . daisy : do you put mustard in that egg ? idella I always put mustard in my stuff egg . daisy spicy thing make I sick . idella you go on upstairs and see ' bout you pack . I leave everything ready to put in the car in the morning . out of the kitchen , but remember something . daisy do not put the peach in the icebox . I hate cold peach . . idella yassum . Daisy leave , and idella go on with the preparation , mutter to she spear a herself . . idella ( cont 'd ) Act like I ain ' never make a picnic in my life . piece of chicken vehemently . 60 . int . daisy house - next morning Daisy 's bedroom have undergone the usual change in the nine or so year since we have see it . a late model ( middle fifty ) bedside radio have replace the large pre-war one . the wallpaper be different , though it look very much like its predecessor . the room be still well keep . Daisy be dress in travel clothes . she be about eighty now , but still in good health . she move a bit more carefully . it be early morning . the sun be recently up . a large , old - fashioned suitcase sit open on one of the twin bed . it be just about full . everything be wrap carefully in layer of tissue paper . Daisy have be pack it for day , and the job be just about complete . she look out of she front window towards the street and frown . she check she wristwatch . the street again . and she make a decision . Chin set resolutely , she slam the suitcase shut and snap the various lock close . another check to the street . she lift the suitcase off the bed . it be almost too heavy for she . a series of shot of daisy with the suitcase a . struggle out of she bedroom door . B. bump down the hall step . cc. go through the dining room . D. battle with the swinging door into the pantry . E . emerging into the back yard and half - drag it across the driveway . ext . daisy house / the driveway and garage - same time a beautiful , soft , early summer morning . bird sing , Daisy 's garden be in gentle bloom . all in contrast to Daisy 's rise irritation . she look toward the street , push a stray wisp of hair back under its net and go resolutely back into the house . int . daisy kitchen - same time Daisy enter the kitchen . a shoebox sit open on the table . it contain various component of the picnic lunch , all carefully wrap in wax paper . Daisy open the refrigerator , get a couple more wrap package and put they in the shoebox . she close the box and wrap it with a rubber band , irritation still mount . she gather it , and a good-size , fancily - wrap gift box , and head out the back door again . ext . the back yard - Daisy have place the suitcase at the rear we hear the SOUND of head of the driveway hoke get out of the 61 . same time gift box and the lunch box on top of the of the garage by the trunk of the car . a car pull up . we follow her to the and we see hoke 's car pull up . car , go around to the trunk and remove he own small suitcase . his car be the same oldsmobile , a bit worse for wear now , but still keep well . the cadillac , also , be now a couple of year old and have lose its new car shine . daisy it 's three after seven ! yassum . fifteen hoke you say we leavin ' at to eight . daisy at the latest , I say . hoke now what bizness you get , draggin ' disheah out de house by yoseff ? daisy who be here to help I ? hoke miz Daisy , it doan take mo and five minute to load up de trunk of dis car . you fixin ' to break both yo ' arm and yo'leg Atlanta . too of ' we even get outta you takin ' on too much . daisy I hate do thing at the last minute . hoke what you talkin’ ' bout ? you ready to go of 's the las ' week and a half ! he pick up the present . daisy do not touch that . - hoke ain ' it wrap pretty ! dat mist ' walter 's present ? 62 . ~ daisy yes . it 's fragile . i'11 hold it on the seat with I . hoke be load the trunk under Daisy 's careful supervision . boolie 's car pull up the driveway . boolie , dress ina business suit and carry a small wrap gift , get out of he car and kiss he mother 's cheek . daisy well , you nearly miss we ! boolie T think you be leave at quarter of . hoke she takin ' on . daisy be still . boolie florine send this for uncle walter . be he hold out the gift . Daisy recoil from it . . boolie ( cont 'd ) well , it 's not a snake , mama . I think it 's note paper . : daisy how appropriate . uncle walter can not see ! boolie maybe it 's soap . daisy how nice that you show such a interest in you uncle 's ninetieth birthday . boolie do not start up , mama . I can not go to mobile with you . I have to go to New York tonight for the convention . daisy the convention start Monday . and I know what else I know . 63 . boolie just leave florine out of it . she write away for that ticket eight month ago . daisy I be sure " my Fair Lady " be more important than you own flesh and blood . boolie mama ! daisy that Christians will be mighty impressed . boolie I can not talk to you when you be like this . Daisy have get herself into the car . the two gift and the lunch and she purse and she map be on the seat beside . she sit straight in the seat , ready to travel . daisy they expect we for a late supper in mobile . : boolie you will be there . I have get to talk to hoke a minute . he take hoke out of Daisy 's hearing . daisy I know they will fix crab . all that trouble . boolie ( to hoke ) I do not know how you be go to stand all day in the car . hoke she doan mean nothin' . she jes ' work up . boolie here 's fifty dollar in case you run into trouble . do not show it to mama . you have get you map . 64 . hoke she get it in wid she . Study ever 's inch of the way . boolie I will be at the ambassador Hotel in New York . on Park Avenue . daisy it 's seven-sixteen . boolie you ought to have a job on the radio announce the time . daisy I want to miss rush hour . boolie congratulate uncle walter for I . and kiss everybody in mobile . hoke get in the car and start up the engine . daisy do you have the air condition check ? I tell you to have the air condition check . hoke yassum I have the air condition check but I do not know what for . you doan never ' low I to turn it on . daisy hush up . the car move out of the garage , turn around and head down the driveway . boolie stand at the head of the driveway , wave . boolie Goodbye ! good luck ! ( to himself ) good God ! series of traveling shot ' 1 . daisy car head down the quiet suburban street . 2 . daisy car in traffic on a main thoroughfare . 3 . daisy car on a highway . 65 . 4 . int . daisy car . Daisy read the map and tell hoke which numbered road to follow . 5 . daisy car on a highway , city skyline in the b.g. 6 . daisy car on a two - lane country road , mid-morn now . 7 . int . daisy car . Daisy , relaxed somewhat in she seat , window open , enjoy the countryside . hoke , jacket remove , do same in front seat . ext . country roadside - noon Daisy 's car be pull off to the side of a two - lane blacktop road , somewhere near the Georgia / Alabama border . it be a beautiful summer day , not especially hot . Daisy and hoke be in the process of eat the lunch pack in the shoebox , cold fry chicken , stuff egg , etc . Daisy be sit in she seat with the car door open . hoke stand by the car , use the hood as a outdoor table . the mood be very relaxed . hoke idella stuff egg good . daisy you stuff yourself good . they eat in peaceful silence . daisy ( cont 'd ) . I be think about the first time I ever go to mobile . it be walter 's wedding . 1888 . hoke 1888 ! you be not nothing but a little child ! daisy I be twelve . we go on the train . and I be so excited . I would never be in a wedding party and I would never see the ocean . papa say it be the Gulf of Mexico and not the ocean , but it be all the same to I . I remember we be at a picnic somewhere -- somebody must have take we bathing -- and I ask papa if it be all right to dip my hand in the water . he laugh because I be so timid . and then I taste the salt water on my finger . be not it silly to remember that ? 66 . hoke no sillier than most of what folk remember . a state patrol car pull up alongside the park car . two troopers in uniform be in the front seat . trooper ( to hoke ) hey , boy ! hoke look at he evenly . trooper ( cont 'd ) what do you think you be do with this car ? daisy ( also calm but angry ) this be my car , officer . the trooper get out of the patrol car and walk over . trooper yes , mar 'am . can I see the registration , please . ( to hoke ) and you license , boy . hoke produce both the registration from the glove compartment and the license from he wallet . the trooper study both . trooper ( to Daisy ) what 's this name ? wetheran ? daisy werthan . trooper werthan . never hear that one before . what kind of a name be that ? daisy it 's of german derivation . trooper german , hunh ? coulda fool I . I think it be a Jew name . the other trooper smirk in the patrol car . the first trooper tip he hat to Daisy and they drive away . 67 . ext . country road - later Daisy 's car , travel , pass a old pickup , head the other way . the pickup , a white farmer family , parent , grandparent and child , dress in overall and simple country clothes . closeup of husband and wife exchange silent glance at the sight of Daisy 's chauffeur - drive car . ext . state divide - day marker say " enter Alabama . " Daisy 's car travel by . ext . country road - day deep country , cotton field , a occasional snack , a less occasional car . int . daisy car - day hoke you talkin ' ' bout first time before . I tell you ' bout the first time I ever leave the state of Georgia ? daisy when be that ? hoke a few minute back . daisy go on ! hoke thass right . first time . my daughter , she marry to a pullman porter on the n.c. & St. L. , you know , and she all the time goin ' -- Detroit , New York , St. Louis -- talkin ' ' bout snow up aroun ' she waist and ridin ' in de subway car and I say , " well , that very nice , tommie Lee , but I jes ' doan feel the need . " so dis it , miz Daisy , and I get to tell you , Alabama ain 's lookin ' like much so far . daisy it 's nicer the other side of Montgomery . hoke if you say so . pass I up one of they peach , please mar 'am . 68 . she reach into the shoebox . a road sign catch she eye . daisy oh my God ! hoke what happen ? daisy that sign say phenix City -- thirty mile . we be not suppose to go to phenix City . we be go the wrong way ! oh my God ! hoke maybe you do read it wrong . daisy I do not . stop the car ! stop the car ! ext . roadside - same time hoke swerve off the road , next to a field . the mood be tense , in contrast to the peaceful lunch stop . int . daisy be car - same time Daisy , very agitate , wrestle with the map on she lap . daisy here ! here ! you take the wrong turn at opelika . he take the map and read it . . broke you take it wid I . and you readin 's the map ! daisy I be get the lunch . go on back . oh my God ! hoke it ain ' be thirty minute since we turn . daisy I be such a fool ! I do not have any business come in the car by myself with just you . boolie make I ! I should have come on the train . I would be safe there . I just should have come on the train . 69 . hoke yassum . you sho ' shouldda ' . series of shot 1 . daisy car pull out into the road . 2 . daisy car travel through a Alabama country town , a square , a courthouse , white people , black people cluster separately on bench , etc. , watch the fine car pass through , a event . 3 . int . car . no conversation . it 's get hot and sticky . late afternoon now . 4 . ext . country gas station - near dusk . Daisy 's car pull up to the pump . a man in overall fill the tank . Daisy emerge from the lady ' room , a distasteful look on she face , regard the condition inside . 5 . ext . country road - dark . Daisy 's car still head towards mobile . int . car - night hoke drive , Daisy in she seat , both somewhat slump . they be tired . it 's a humid , dark night . large moth and small insect fly at the windshield . daisy they fix crab for I ! minnie always fix crab ! they go to so much trouble ! it 's all ruin by now ! oh Lord ! hoke we get to pull over , miz Daisy . daisy be something wrong with the car ? hoke nome . I get to be 'xcuse . daisy what ? hoke I get to make water . daisy you should have think of that back at the Standard oil station . 70 . hoke color cain ' use the toilet at no Standard oil . you know that . daisy well , there 's no time to stop . we will be in mobile soon . you can wait . . hoke yassum. {a beat ) nome . ext . road - same time Daisy 's car pull abruptly to the side of the road . int . car - same time ' daisy I tell you to wait ! hoke yassum . I hear you . how you think I feel havin ' to ax you when can I make my water like I some damn dog ? daisy : why , hoke ! I would be ashamed ! hoke I ain ' no dog and . I ain ' no chile and I ain ' just a back of the neck you look at while you go wherever you want to go . I aman , nearly seventy - two year old , and I know when my bladder full and I gettin ' out dis car and goin ' off down the road like I get to do . and I be takin ' the car key dis time . and that 's the end of it ! he get out of the car , shutting the door sharply behind hin . on daisy , sit straight in she seat , lip purse . Dark country night silence . a dog bark in the distance . she roll down the wiridow . daisy hoke ! she wait a second , then call again , less angrily . daisy ( cont 'd ) hoke ! 71 . no answer . silence . darkness . country sound . she be become frighten . - daisy ( cont 'd ) hoke ! she start to get out of the car , when suddenly a man appear in the shadowy dark . she be frighten for a moment , but realize it be hoke come back . hoke you all right in there , miz Daisy ? her face flood with relief , but not for long . soon she be she old snappish self . daisy of course I be ! ext . manhattan skyline - dusk int . ambassador HOTEL / boolie & florine's room - dusk a standard twin-bedd double room . nicely furnish , but not very large . a room air conditioner hum away . White gauzy curtain billow in front of it . open suitcase on the luggage rack and bureau . boolie , wear boxer short , undershirt , long sock and garter , be stretch out on one of the bed , talk on the telephone , which sit on a table between the bed . during he conversation , florine emerge from the bathroom . she be dress in she best evening outfit -- a killer of a summer city dress ( a sack dress ? one with a balloon skirt ? -- whatever Kay kendall would have wear in 1957 ) . boolie yes . I be call mobile , Alabama . Adams 4-7893 . that 's Adams . I do not know what digit . wait a minute . 23 . 234-7893 . person to person . Mr. walter woolf . no , wait , Operator . make that station to station . ( to florine ) it will take forever to get uncle walter to the phone . florine , intent on she mirror image , shrug . boolie ( cont 'd ) ( on the phone ) yeah . hey ! be this slick ? hey , slick ! it 's boolie ! unh hunh . congratulation on you dad 's big day . 72 . int . uncle walter' house / the live room - twilight a unpretentious , comfortable mobile live room -- not nearly as well - to - do as Daisy 's house in Atlanta . slick , uncle walter 's son , be a sixtyish small man , dress in short - sleeve white shirt , no tie , etc . he be talk on the phone with boolie . in the b.g. be uncle walter , blind and ninety , but the possessor of great vitality . he happen to strongly resemble he sister , Daisy . he be ensconce in he favorite live room chair , a pile of wrap present , Daisy 's include , on a table nearby . he be surround by various child , grandchild and relative , include Daisy and she slightly older sister , nonie . slick be have trouble hearing boolie over the b.g. noise . slick well , thank you . thank you , boolie . ( he beckon to Daisy ) aunt Daisy , it 's boolie call . on daisy a prim smile . she 's glad she son be do the right thing . she leave the relative and take the phone from slick . daisy hello . hey , son . uncle walter appreciate you call . I do not think he can come to the phone . int . boolie' HOTEL room - same time boolie ( on phone ) fine. how be hoke ? — int . walter' house - same time daisy what do you mean ? how should he be ? uncle walter 's daughter emerge from the kitchen bear a large iced angel food cake , aglow with candle . a excited hush fall over the family and the sing of " happy birthday " start . daisy ( cont 'd ) I have to hang up , boolie . I will tell he . yes , we will . all right . you , too . bye . the cake procession and the sing continue . 73 . on uncle walter , he blind , pink face light by the glow of ninety candle . on daisy , also light by the candle , she face soft with love and pride for the occasion . she look across the room . daisy Pov hoke stand by the kitchen door with minnie and a couple of other family servant . hoke nod gravely at Daisy , acknowledge the importance of the moment . on daisy . she nod imperceptibly , but gratefully , back at hoke , still light by the candle . on uncle walter , guide by slick , lean over to blow the candle out . ext . the werthan company - day the same exterior , but with a few change . a very large billboard in front of the factory entrance read : " construction by A. R. edward , inc . - completion fall 1962 . " the rest of the old werthan plant and the project modern addition at the rear . the cadillac that be drive to mobile pull into a empty space . it be older now and a little worse for wear , but it be keep well . it now belong to hoke . he emerge from the car , a bit greyer , but spry . he be up in he seventies . he wave to some man on the load dock , who wave back . he head into the building . int . the werthan company / the reception area - day the receptionist wave hoke in and he proceed down the corridor to miss mcclatchey desk where she be seat , type letter . boolie 's voice be heard on the dictaphone machine by she side . she type as fast as he talk . when she see hoke she smile , turn off she machine . : mcclatchey . well , good morning to you . hoke can I see he ? mcclatchey he 's out there with the construction . best toy he ever have . 74 . hoke I know that 's the truth . ' he walk back down the hall and through the factory , which look pretty much as it do fourteen year before , past the same old freight elevator with the same old corrugate tin door . oscar , older now , be unload full hand cart . oscar hey , my man ! hoke they ain ' give you a new elevator yet ? oscar you do not see one , do you ? hoke well all right . he proceed through the factory and out a rear door . ext . rear of werthan company - day the early stage of construction . concrete pour on first floor and I - beam be put in place . boolie , wear hard hat and expensive suit , talk to construction worker . boolie be a bit paunchier and balder . boolie Eddie , be you tell I you be go over already ? eddie no suh , mist ' werthan . I be just sayin ' be prepare , if you git my meanin ' . boolie I be prepare to spend exactly what 's in the contract and not one dime more . eddie I hear you . boolie see hoke . he move away from the construction group . eddie ( to a worker as boolie move away ) they do not call them Jews for nothing . 75 . the other man snicker . boolie ( to hoke ) be not it you day off ? to what do I owe this honor ? hoke seein ' ' bout thing in the neighborhood . boolie well , let I show you around . they move around to a side elevation of the contruction boolie ( point up at empty air ) right there 's gonna be my office . one hell of a view . hoke be not that something ? boolie you do not seem real interested . . hoke we get to talk , Mr. werthan . boolie what be it ? hoke it mist ' sinclair Harris . boolie my cousin sinclair ? hoke his wife . boolie jeanette ? : hoke the one talk funny . boolie she 's from canton , ohio. 76 . hoke yassuh . she tryin ' to hire I . boolie what ? hoke ' she phone when she know miz Daisy be out and she say , " how be they treat you , hoke ? " you know how she soun ' , like she nose stuff up . and I say , " Fine , miz Harris , " and she say , " well , if you lookin ' for a change , you know where to call . " boolie I will be damned ! broke I think you want to know ' bout it . boolie I will be God damned ! hoke ain ' she a mess ? ( a pause ) she say name yo sal'ry . boolie I see . and do you ? hoke do I what ? boolie name you salary . hoke now , what you think I be ? I ain ' studyin ' workin ' for no trashy something ' like she . boolie but she get you to thinkin' , do not she ? : hoke you might could say that . boolie come on back in my office . they head back inside the factory . 77 . int . boolie' office - immediately following the same space as before , but serious redecoration have occur . it be now furnish with the latest blonde mahogany desk , coffee table , side piece , etc . the wall - to- wall carpete and drape be new , too . and there be a new fashion photo of florine place prominently . she have mamie eisenhower bang in it . boolie sit at he desk , put he foot up and motion hoke to sit . boolie name you salary . hoke dat what she say . boolie well , how do $ 65 a week sound ? hoke sound pretty good . ' course seventy - five sound better . boolie so it do . beginning this week . hoke das mighty nice of you , mist ' werthan . I ' preciate it . mist ' werthan , you ever have people fightin’ over you ? boolie no . hoke well , I tell you . it feel good . he smile and walk happily out of the office . int . daisy house / the den - day - may , 1963 only addition to the scene be a bulky console b/w television set , which be on at the moment , a soap opera in progress . idella and hoke be watch avidly . idella be shelling peas , a paper bag for the pod and a bowl for the peas . she look very old and frail . Daisy stop in the doorway . daisy I do not know how y'all can look at that . 78 . hoke you see it a few time , you get in t . daisy you brain be gonna dry up . I will be up in my room read . do not make a mess with that peas , idella . idella do I ever ? Daisy go upstairs . the two watch . hoke ai not the blonde one get a lotta hair ? how do she make it so shiny ? idella ( shelling away ) wash it in my-naise . he look dubious . idella ( cont 'd ) yes she do . have about it in life Magazine . : '' hoke Don ' seem human , do it ? on the soap opera two young woman drink coffee in a kitchen . dark -haired young woman Virginia , I see Richard last night . ominous organ music . dark -haired young woman ( cont 'd ) it look to I like he be on he way to hope 's house ! more ominous music . on hoke hoke look out ! Linda up to somethin’ now . what you think , idella ? no answer . 79 . hoke ( cont 'd ) idella ? 0.s. SOUND of BOWL hit the floor . we ' see the bowl overturn and peas roll out on the Oriental rug . on hoke hoke idella ! idella ! int . auburn avenue baptist church / the sanctuary - day this be a fairly small church , humble in contrast to Daisy 's Temple we have see earlier . the sanctuary be about half - fill at the moment . a funeral be in progress . a black choir member - a teen - aged girl , with a particularly strong voice , be sing " what a friend we have in Jesus . " she wear a choir robe . she be stand with the rest of the choir , but this be the solo part of the service . a minister , also black and also robe , stand nearby , just behind a simple coffin . a shot of the sanctuary reveal that the entire population be black , except for three white people in the rear -- Daisy , boolie and florine . hoke be sit in the pew with they , on the aisle , next to boolie . everyone in the congregation hold a print program of event . on the three white face , a part of the service , but not a part . florine wear a stylish suit , Daisy have on a black hat with a veil . she look straight ahead at the singer , she face show no emotion . only hoke 's face express he feeling , as the four watch the solemn proceedings . int . daisy house / the kitchen - day - JULY , same year for the first time , the kitchen look a bit out of date , a bit shabby . the linoleum be clean , but a little chip and scruffy . a electric fry pan sit on one of the counter , . clearly a concession to boolie because it be shiny new and ebviously never use . - Daisy be fry chicken in a large black cast iron skillet . the cut - up chicken be on the counter as be the paper bag full of flour . she shake the chicken in the bag , then place it in the hot oil skillet . hoke appear behind she , watch critically . eventually he cannot contain himself and speak . 80 . hoke you fixin ' to ruin it . daisy what be you talk about ? hoke you get de skillet turn up too high and de chicken too close together . daisy mind you business . hoke it 's yo ' chicken . he shrug , walk out of the kitchen . Daisy consider a moment , turn the flame down . ext . daisy house / the yard - day some time later . Daisy , wear gardening glove , be stand on a small kitchen stepladder , wield a large pair of shear , trimming a shrub . hoke stand at the foot of : the ladder , pick up the clipping and put they in a nearby wheelbarrow . ext . CITY scene - day - winter , 1964 establishing shot of ice storm in progress , branch weight down , icicle hang everywhere , etc . ext . daisy house - day Effects of storm visible . int . daisy house / the front hall - immediately following no furniture or decoration have change here since we first see it , but everything be older . Daisy be on she knee rummage through the lowest commode drawer . outside the storm be visible . the hall be dark . Daisy find what she be look for , a stumpy old white candle . she shut the drawer , get up , and we follow her through the dark pantry into the kitchen somewhat lighter because of the window . she light the candle with kitchen match , drip wax onto a saucer , and firm the candle in place . she head back towards the live room . 81. she walk through the dark hall . we follow her into the live room only a little brighter , evidence of ice storm outside . the room seem more cluttere , less organize than it be in 1948 . and the darkness of the morning only accentuate the somewhat shabby aura . Daisy go to sit in she armchair . the current National geographic be on the table . she pick it up and try to read , but be unsuccessful in the poor light . suddenly she hear the back door open and close . footstep . she half - rise out of the chair in alarm . daisy who be it ? hoke ( 0.s. ) mornin ' , miz Daisy . daisy oh , hoke . she sink back into she chair with relief . hoke come into the doorway . she be carry a paper bag , and wear a evercoat and galoshes . . daisy what in the world ? hoke I learn to drive on ice when I deliver milk for the avondale dairy . ain ' much to it . I slip aroun ' a little comin ' down briarcliff , but nothin ' happen . other folk bangin ' into each other like they in the funny papers , though ' . oh , I stop at '' the 7 - 11 . I figure yo ' stove out and lawd know you get to have yo’ coffee in the morning . she be touch . daisy how sweet of you , hoke ! he hand she a cardboard cup and sip he own . hoke we ain ' have no good coffee ' roun heah since idella pass . 82 . daisy mmm hmm . iI can fix she biscuit and we both know how to make she fry chicken . but nobody can make idella 's coffee . I wonder how she do it . hoke I doan ' nome . they sip silently for a moment , deep in thought . then : daisy idella be lucky . hoke yassum . I ' spec she be . he start out of the room . daisy where be you go ? hoke put desheah thing up . take off my overshoe . daisy I do not think you would come today . hoke what you mean ? it ain ' my day off , be it ? : daisy boolie call and say he could not even get down he driveway . well , I do not know what you can do around here except keep I company . . hoke I see can I light we a fire . he leave the room . the next few exchange be Daisy call to he in the kitchen . daisy eat anything you want out of the ice box . it will all spoil anyway . hoke ( 0.s. ) yassum . daisy and wipe up what you track onto my kitchen floor . 83. hoke ( 0.s. ) now , miz Daisy , what you think I be ? a mess ? this be a old routine between they and not without affection . Daisy smile . the phone ring , loudly . a intrusion on the ntimacy . Daisy get up to answer . she speak as she go to the hall . daisy yes . that 's exactly what I think you be . hoke all right de . all right . the hall telephone ( note : the scene of follow phone conversation shift between Daisy 's hall and boolie' den , where he sit wear a cashmere sweater and a muffler . florine can also be see , wear a full - length mink coat and expensive leather glove . ] } daisy hello ? : boolie it will all be melt by this afternoon . they say so on the radio . I will be out after you as soon as I can get down the driveway . daisy stay where you be , boolie . hoke be here with I . boolie how in the hell do he manage that ? daisy he 's very handy . I be fine . I do not need a thing in the world . boolie hello ? ( to florine ) I must have the wrong number . I never hear mama say loving thing about hoke before . daisy I do not say I love he . I say he be handy . 84 . boolie ( winking at florine ) uh huh . . daisy honestly , boolie . be you try to irritate I in the middle of a ice storm ? she hang up sharply . on boolie as he hang up the phone , smile at he wife . ext . STREET - day a traffic jam be in progress . Cars stand still , horn blaring , irritability in the air . it be early fall , but hot and humid . one of the car in the stall lane be Daisy 's . it 's a car we have not see before -- a cadillac sedan ( circa 1960 ) . all of Daisy 's car , subsequent to the first cadillac , be virtually the same -- all " cadillac blue " -- but , of course , boolie trade they in every two or three year -- a matter of equity . at the moment Daisy be alone in she car , fan herself with she handkerchief , and out of sort . she be wear a hat and glove . hoke , walk against the traffic , reach Daisy 's car . he be earry he jacket . he lean into the car . int . daisy car - day daisy well , what be it ? you take so long ! hoke could not help it . Big mess up yonder . daisy what 's the matter ? I might as well not go to Temple at all now ! he get into the car . hoke you cain ' go to Temple today , miz Daisy . daisy why not ? what in the world be the matter with you ? 85 . hoke somebody do bomb the Temple . daisy what ? bomb the Temple ! hoke yassum . dat why we stick here so long . daisy I do not believe it ! hoke dat what the policeman tell I up yonder . say it happen about a half hour ago . daisy oh , no ! oh , my God ! well , be anybody there ? be people hurt ? hoke Din 's say . daisy who would do such a thing ? hoke you know good as I . always be the same one . daisy well , it 's a mistake . I be sure they mean to bomb one of the Conservative synagoge or the Orthodox one . the Temple be Reform . everybody know that . hoke . it doan matter to they people . a Jew be a Jew to they folk . jes ' like light or dark , we all the same nigger . daisy I can not believe it ! hoke tell you what . I see can I get we out of here . he start up the car , maneuver it down the shoulder of the road , move past all the congestion . 86 . ext . CITY STREET - day Daisy 's car move in lighter traffic . int . car - same time hoke drive . Daisy dab at she eye with a kleenex . hoke I know jes ' how you feel , miz Daisy . back down there above macon on the farm -- I ' bout ten or ' leven year old -- and one day my frien 's porter , he daddy hangin ' from a tree . and the day befo ' , he laughin’ and pitchin ' horseshoe wid we . talkin ' ' bout porter and I go ' have good strong right arm like he . and de he hangin ' up yonder wid he hand tie behind he back a ' the fly all over he . and I seed that with my own eye and I throw up right where I be standin' . you go on a ' cry . daisy I be not cry . ( after a moment of collect herself ) why do you tell I that story ? hoke I doan ' know . seem like disheah mess put I in mind of it . daisy ridiculous ! the Temple have nothing to do with that ! hoke so you say . daisy we do not even know what happen . how do you know that policeman be tell you the truth ? hoke now , why would a policeman go and lie " bout a thing like that ? daisy well , you never get thing right anyway . 87. . hoke miz Daisy , somebody do bomb that place and you know it , too . daisy . go on . just go on now . I do not want to hear any more about it . hoke you de boss . daisy stop talk to I ! on hoke be sad , compassionate face . int . the commerce build / the commerce club - day - summer , 1966 the entire top floor of a mid-sixty Atlanta skyscraper with a panoramic view . this be a businessman 's club / restaurant , furnish appropriately with leather chair , panele wall , portrait of past president , etc . there be a honorary luncheon in progress . boolie , the honoree , sit at the center of a raise table on a dais . next to he be florine , dress in a fashionable mini-dress and courrege white boot . next to she be Daisy in she best dress . . wellborn arkwright , the president of the commerce Club , be stand in he place , on the other side of florine , hold a large engrave silver bowl , and beckone to boolie . General : applause . boolie rise , take the trophy , and approach the microphone . a cameraman get off a few shot . boolie thank you , wellborn . and thank you all . I be deeply grateful to be choose man of the Year by the Atlanta Business Council -- a honor I have see bestow on some mighty fine fella and which I certainly never expect to come to I . I be afraid the loss here -- ( he touch he hair ) -- and the gain here -- ( he pat he belly ) -- have give I a air of competence I do not possess . but I will tell you , I sure wish my father and grandfather could see this . seventy - two year ago they open a little hole - in- the-wall shop on whitehall Street with one printing press . ( more ) 88 . boolie ( cont 'd ) they manage to grow with Atlanta and to this day , the werthan company believe we want what Atlanta want . this award prove we must be right . thank you . he hold up he trophy . applause . he start back to he seat but think better of it . boolie ( cont 'd ) one more thing . if the jacket whup the dog up in athen Saturday afternoon , I will be a completely happy man . laugh , lighter applause . boolie shake wellborn 's hand , and go back to he place . he kiss a delighted florine . another flash bulb or two . int . daisy house / the front hall - day - fall , 1966 Daisy be seat at the telephone table , dial . still the same old black telephone . she dial with some difficulty . thing have become harder for she to do . daisy hidey , miss mcclatchey . you always recognize my voice . what a shame a wonderful girl like you never marry . miss mcclatchey , be my son in ? oh , no no no . please do not call he out of a sale meeting . just give he a message . tell he I buy the ticket for the uja banquet . yes , uja banquet ' honore Martin luther King on the seventeenth . well , you be a sweet thing to say so . and do not you worry . my cousin tillie in chattanooga marry for the first time at fifty - seven . ' bye . she place the phone in its cradle . int . daisy house / the kitchen - dusk - same day boolie come through the back door on he way home from work . the end of the same day . the house be quiet . boolie mama ? where be you ? daisy ( 0.s. ) up here . 89 . he follow she voice up the stair into her bedroom Daisy sit at she desk , pay bill . her large , old - fashioned checkbook open on she desk and a small stack of bill neatly stack and stamp nearby . she work efficiently , but slowly , because it 's harder to write now . she continue she work after boolie come in . boolie how be you feel , mama ? daisy not a good question to ask somebody nearly ninety . boolie well , you look fine . daisy it 's my ageless appeal . . boolie miss mcclatchey give I you message . daisy florine be invite , too . boolie thank you very much . daisy I guess hoke should drive we . there will be a crowd . boolie mama , we have to talk about this . daisy talk about what ? boolie the feasibility of all this . . daisy Fine , you drive . I think I be be helpful . boolie you know , I believe Martin luther King have do some mighty fine thing . 90 . daisy boolie , if you do not want to go , why do not you just come right out and say so ? boolie I want to go . you know how I feel about he . daisy of course , but florine -- boolie florine have nothing to do with it . I still have to conduct business in this town . daisy I see . the werthan company will go out . of business if you attend the King dinner . boolie not exactly . but a lot of man I do business with would not like it . they might snicker a little and call I Martin luther werthan behind my back -- something like that . and I would begin to notice that my banking business be not be handle by the top dog . maybe I would not hear about certain lunch meeting at the commerce Club . and Jack raphael , over at ideal Press , he 's a New York Jew instead of a Georgia Jew and the really smart Jews come from New York , do not they ? so some of the boy might start throw business to Jack instead of old Martin luther werthan . I do not know . maybe it would not happen , but that 's the way it work . if we do not use that seat , somebody else will and the good Dr. King will never know the difference , will he ? daisy if we do not use that seat ? I be not suppose to go either ? boolie mama , you can do whatever you want . . daisy thanks for you permission . boolie can I ask you something ? when do you get so fire up about Martin luther King ? time be , I would have hear a different story . daisy why , boolie ! I have never be prejudice and you know it ! boolie okay . why do not you ask hoke to go to the dinner with you ? daisy . hoke ? do not be ridiculous ! he would not go ! boolie ask he and see . on daisy face , look up from she desk , clearly challenge . int . daisy house / daisy bedroom - evening the wallpaper be the same as we last see ( before the trip to mobile ) but a little blotched and spot in place . a couple of the frame photograph on the wall be a little crooked . a new color tv set sit on a metal stand , look out of place . Daisy be reflect in the mirror above she bureau . the same mirror as at the beginning of the picture , but , of course , she be twenty year older . her mind be as sharp as ever , but she body be become difficult to operate . she be in the process of put on the final touch of she evening outfit . she take a final check in the mirror , not especially happy with the result , and head out of the room . int . the kitchen - same time a new sink / dishwasher combination be install . otherwise the room be the same . hoke sit at the kitchen table . he wear thickish glass now and be squinting at the evening paper . Daisy enter the kitchen , have add a light jacket to she outfit . daisy all right . hoke rise , follow she out the back door , remember to turn out the kitchen light as he leave . 92 . a series of shot 1 . hoke help Daisy into the car ( a car we have not see ) . 2 . the car head down the driveway . 3 . the car go down a suburban street . 4 . the car , close to the side of the road , almost hit a mailbox . . : int . car - night Daisy flinch . daisy I do not know why you still drive . you can not see . hoke yassum I can . daisy you do not see that mailbox . hoke how you know what I din ' see ? daisy it nearly poke through my window . this car be all scratch up . hoke ain ' no sucha ' thing . daisy how would you know ? you can not see . what a shame . it 's a brand new car , too . hoke you do have this car two year come March . ext . STREET - night Daisy 's car on a main thoroughfare . int . car - night daisy you forget to turn . hoke ain ' this dinner at the biltmo ' ? 93. daisy you know it be . hoke : biltmo ' straight thissaway . daisy you know so much ! hoke yassum . I do . daisy I have live in Atlanta all my life . hoke a ' ain ' run a car in onto twenty year . ext . STREET - night Daisy 's car in downtown traffic . int . car - night daisy boolie say the silliest thing the . other day . hoke that right ? daisy he 's too old to be so foolish . hoke yassun . ( a long beat ) well , what do he say ? daisy well , he be talk about Martin luther King . ( a beat ) I guess you know he , do not you ? hoke Martin luther King ? nome . daisy I be sure you do . but you have hear he preach ? hoke same way as you , over the tv. 94 . daisy I think he 's wonderful . hoke yassum . daisy you know , you could go see he in person any time you want . ( no response ) all you would have to do be go over there to the -- what be it ? hoke ebeneezer . daisy ebeneezer Baptist Church some Sunday and there he will be . hoke what you gettin ' at , miz Daisy ? daisy well , it 's so silly ! boolie say you want to go to this dinner with I . do you tell he that ? hoke nome . daisy I do not think so . what would be the point ? you can hear he anytime -- whenever you want . hoke .. you want the front do ' or the side do ' to the biltmore ? daisy I think the side . be not it wonderful the way thing be change ? ext . biltmore HOTEL - night lot of car , policeman , light , a big event . Daisy 's car turn the corner and hoke stop in front of the lesser- use side door . int . car - same time hoke turn off the engine and turn in he seat to face Daisy . 95 . hoke what you think I be , miz Daisy ? daisy what do you mean ? hoke you think I some old something ' sittin ' up here doan know nothin ' ' bout how to do ? daisy I do not know what you be talk about . hoke invitation to disheah dinner come in the mail a mont ' ago . do be you want I to go wid you , how come you wait till we in the car and on the way to ask I ? daisy what ? all I say be that boolie say you want to go . hoke mmmm hmmmm .. daisy well , my star ! be not you a great big baby ! hoke ne 'er mind baby . next time you ask I some place , ask I regular . . daisy you do not have to carry on so much ! hoke dass all . less drop it . daisy honestly ! hoke you talkin ' ' bout thing change . they ain ' change all that much . ( he open he door ) I hep you to the do ' . daisy thank you , hoke . I can help myself . 96 . ext . biltmore side door - same time Daisy emerge from she car , slowly but head hold high . hoke stand where he be , on he side of the car , not help , he head also hold high . this be a enormous breech of etiquette . Daisy proceed into the hotel . hoke climb back in the car and look straight ahead . on hoke be immobile face . int . biltmore HOTEL ballroom - night the room be crowded with round table , each seating eight . a speaker 's table be on a raise dais at one end of the room , uja banner and naacp banner behind it . dr . king , mrs . king , other black leader see at a distance seat amongst white clergyman , etc. , at the head table . Dr. Weil , the Temple rabbi , be at the microphone wind up a prayer . dr . weil and we ask , oh Lord , that you shine favor on all you child . none of we here would presume to know what you look like or even what color you be . but we do know without doubt that whatever color we happen to be do not matter to you . during this speech the camera move in on one table pan the face at the table , all listen politely . then we get to Daisy . she seem distract , worried , not really . listen . int . daisy car - same time on hoke who still sit at the steering wheel , alone , listen to the speech on the car radio . ext . daisy house - early morning - MARCH , 1970 the car that be at the uja banquet drive up the driveway . it now belong to hoke . a new cadillac , same color blue ( a 1969 - 70 model ) sit in the garage . hoke pull he car into the garage next to the new one and emerge into the strong clear sunlight . we see the exterior of Daisy 's house , no longer as freshly paint and well maintain as it be twenty year ago . shutter be peel paint here and there , a gutter have come away from the house , etc . hoke open the kitchen door and we follow he into 97 . int . the kitchen ~ morning the room be still and empty in the sunlight . hoke ( call ) mornin ' , miz Daisy . no answer . he cock he head , listen , something seem off to he . hoke ( cont 'd ) miz Daisy ? no answer . he proceed through the kitchen and pantry into the dine room where he find all the drawer open , have be paw through . he hurry into the front hall where the drawer in the commode be also open . hoke ( alarmed ) miz Daisy ? we hear a thumping upstairs and he head for the step . daisy ( 0.s. ) hoke ! hoke ! be that hoke ? hoke yassum . it 's I . you all right ? daisy ( 0.s. ) ( come closer ) hoke ? hoke look up the staircase as Daisy make she way slowly down . her hair be in disarray and she housecoat have fall open , the slip show underneath . daisy hoke ? hoke ? hoke yassum . daisy where do you put my papers ? 98 . hoke what papers , miz Daisy ? she have reach the bottom of the stair now . daisy my papers ! I have they all correct last night and I put they in the front so I would not forget they on my vay to school . what do you do with they ? she lurch off unsteadily towards the den hoke follow , close on she heel . hoke School ? what be you talk ' bout ? Daisy be open drawer and rifling through thing . daisy the child will be so disappointed if I do not give they they homework back . I always give it back the next day . that 's why they like I . hoke you talk out yo ' head ! daisy why be not you help I ? hoke oh lawd ! what you want I to do , miz Daisy ? : daisy find that papers ! I tell you . it 's all right if you move they . I will not be mad with you . but I have get to get to school now . I will be late and who will take care of my class ? , they will be all alone . oh God ! oh goddy ! I do everything wrong . she have tottere off toward the live room hoke hurry behind she and try to get she to sit in she easy chair , but she be intent on open drawer and look for she papers . 98 . hoke set down . you ' bout to fall and hurt yoseff . daisy it do not matter . I be sorry . it 's all my fault . I do not do right ! it 's so awful ! oh God ! now you lissen heah . ain ' nothin’ awful ' cep ' the way you carryin ' on . daisy I be so sorry . it 's all my fault . I can not find the papers and the child be wait . hoke no they ain 's . you ain ' no teacher no mo ' . daisy it do not make any difference ! hoke miz Daisy , ain 's nothin ' the matter wid you . '' daisy you do not know ! you do not know ! what 's the difference ? hoke you mind do take a turn this mornin ' . thass all . he have be shutting drawer behind she . she have now work she way into the front hall and be rummage in the commode . hoke dial a phone number quickly . hoke ( into . the phone ) lemme have ' im , miz mcclatchey . daisy go on . just go on now . 100 . int . the werthan company / boolie' office - same time the new wing be finish and boolie 's office be very grand . florine have really go wild furnish it . lot of chrome and glass and large expanse of window . a frame , sign photo of Richard Nixon sit on boolie 's desk with the other memento . boolie have longer sideburn , less hair and more belly . he be in he early sixty -- pink , healthy , beautifully dress . boolie hey , hoke ! what can I do for you this morning ? int . daisy hall - same time hoke it 's yo ' mama . she think she teachin ' school . Daisy have pull a drawer out of the commode and it land on the floor at they foot . , daisy oh , God ! oh goddy ! hoke oh , lawd . I be real worried , mist ' werthan . int . boolie' office - same time boolie I will be right there . int . daisy house / the staircase - same time Daisy be totter up the staircase . hoke be right behind she . hoke you snap right back if you jes ' let yoseff . daisy I can not ! I can not ! . hoke you a lucky ole woman ! you know that ? daisy no ! no ! it 's all a mess now . and I can not do anything about it ! 101 . she head into a spare bedroom he follow and succeed in settling she into a rock chair . hoke you rich , you well of ' yo ' time , and you get people care about what happen to you . daisy I be be trouble . oh , God ! I do not want to be trouble to anybody . the chair rock furiously . hoke you want something to cry about , I take you to the state home , show you what layin ' out dere in de hall . daisy oh , my God ! she be less physically agitate now , but still very confuse . she be in she chair , mutter weakly . hoke a ' I bet none of they take on bad_ as yo ' doin' . daisy I be sorry . I be so sorry . that poor child in my class . hoke you keep dis up , I promise , mist 's werthan call the doctor on you and just as sho ' as you bear , that doctor go ' have you in the insane asylum ' fore you know what hit you . dat de way you want it to be ? Daisy turn and look at he . she speak in she normal voice . daisy hoke , do you still have that oldsmobile ? 102 . hoke from when I fir ' come here ? go on , miz Daisy . dat thing be in the junkyard fifteen year or mo ' . I drivin ' yo ' next to las ' car now . ' 63 cadillac , runnin ' fine as wine . daisy you ought not to be drive anything , the way you see . hoke how you know the way I see , less you lookin ' outta my eye ? daisy hoke ? hoke yassum ? daisy you be my best friend . hoke come on , miz Daisy . you jes ... daisy no. really . you be . you be . she take he hand . hoke yassum . he stand by she chair hold she hand . int . daisy house / daisy bedroom - afternoon the blind be up . Sun stream into the room . the bureau drawer be open . clothes from the closet be pile on the bed . there be a large cardboard carton half full of thing . florine come out of Daisy 's closet . she wear what she consider work clothes . vanderbilt - type jeans and a crisp cotton shirt . she be probably in she early 60' and she should not be wear clothes like this , but she definitely still have she figure . her age mostly show in the amount of makeup she must resort to and she hair which seem to grow brighter and more false as she go along . at the moment she be carry Daisy 's old fur neck piece on a hanger . she put it on and look in the mirror . it be old and scruffy and out of fashion . she laugh at she image and toss it into the cardboard box . 103 . int . car - day - november , 1973 hoke , 85 year old , be seat in the passenger seat of a car . we do not see the driver . hoke 's glass have get thicker , clsoe to Coke bottle depth now . he be wear a overcoat over he suit . he do not look happy . we see that the car be travel down a suburban street . the car slow down as it approach Daisy 's house . ext . daisy house / the front yard - day - hoke' Pov a gray , fall day . a large wooden " for sale " sign be stick in the lawn close to the street . over it have be plaster a " sold " sign . on hoke in the passenger seat . he wince , almost invisibly . on the car , a modest , early seventies two - door , turn up Daisy 's driveway . - it be drive in she 30s . . the car come to a stop . in the garage . the woman pat hoke 's hand . he woman look concerned , but hoke back door . int . daisy house / the live the room be almost empty . most couple of move carton be in contain object wrap in newspaper . be take down , but we can see wallpaper have age around they . boolie , 65 now , be check one as hoke come through the hall . gait . by a well - dress black woman a late model mercede benz be park get out of the car . the shoos she away and go in the room - day of the furniture be go . the center of the room , the picture have where they be because the a of the carton . he look up hoke walk with a shuffle hoke mornin ' mist ' werthan . boolie well , hey hoke ! good to see you ! you do not drive yourself out here ? hoke nawsuh . I doan drive no mo ' . my granddaughter run I out . boolie my Lord ! be she old enough to drive ? 104 . hoke Michele thirty -seven . teach biology at spellman College . boolie I never know that . hoke yassuh . boolie I have take most of what I want out of the house . be there anything you would like before the goodwill come ? hoke my place full to bustin ' now . boolie it feel funny to sell the house while mama 's still alive . hoke I 'gree . . boolie but she have not even be inside the door for two year now . hoke Don ' get I in it . boolie I be not go to say anything to she about it . hoke you right there . boolie I suppose you do not get out to see mama very much . hoke nossuh , I doan . it hard -- not drivin ' . dat place ain ' on no bus line . I go in a taxicab sometime . boolie I be sure she appreciate it . hoke some day she better than other . who be not ? 105 . boolie well , we would better get on out there . I guess you have a turkey dinner to get to and so do I . why do not we call you granddaughter and tell she I will run you home . ~ - hoke now , thass mighty nice of you , mist 's werthan . boolie take hoke 's arm as they head for the back door . — int . boolie' mercede - day travel on a modern expressway . boolie drive , hoke in the passenger seat . boolie by the way , hoke . you check be go to keep come every week -- as long as you be there to get it . hoke I 'preciate that , mist ' werthan . boolie you can rest easy about it . - ext . peachtree wood extended care facility - day a modern , impersonal , but well - keep structure -- mostly steel and glass , eight or ten storey high . the parking lot be fairly full . boolie 's mercede pull into a space . boolie and hoke emerge . they walk towards the front door , boolie hold hoke 's arm . int . peachtree wood / third floor - day a brightly light , well - keep facility , as this place go ; but , - despite the Thanksgiving decoration , a fairly impersonal _ atmosphere . we can see the Central nurse 's Station and . corridor shoot off from it . , down the corridor be various elderly people in motorize ~ wheelchair , walk with walker , and , in a few case , | without any assistance . we see a visitor's room and a few family cluster make Thanksgiving visit . the atmosphere be brisk , hospitally at its best . ee 106 . int . daisy room - day a large , one - bedd room with a large glass window . through the window be a pleasant view of a young piney wood and a red clay bank . the room consist of a hospital bed , a hospital bureau , and a couple of chair . there be several houseplant on the window sill , the only personal touch in the room . Daisy emerge from the bathroom wear a neat housecoat . she be ninety - seven year old . she be fragile now , walk with a walker . her hair be neatly fix and she face compose . she make she way slowly to the chair by the window . when she be almost there , we hear a knock at the door . she do not answer , but continue toward the chair . boolie peer through the door and enter the room . hoke follow . boolie happy Thanksgiving , mama . look who I bring . she look toward hoke . boolie help she into she chair . hoke mornin ' miz Daisy . she nod . : hoke ( cont 'd ) you keepin ' yoseff busy ? no response . boolie she certainly be . she go to jewelry make -- how many time a week be it , mama ? she make all kind of thing . pin and bracelet . she 's a regular tiffany . hoke ai not that something ? Daisy sit in she chair seem far away . boolie hoe , you know I think of you the other morning on the Expressway . I saw a avondale milk truck . hoke you doan ' say . 107 . boolie a big monster of a thing , must have have sixteen wheel . I wonder how you would have like drive that around . daisy ( suddenly ) hoke come to see I , not you . hoke this one of she good day . boolie florine say to wish you a happy Thanksgiving . she 's in Washington , you know . ( no response ) _ you remember , mama . she 's a ~ Republican National Committee woman now . daisy good God ! hoke laugh , boolie grin . daisy ( cont 'd ) boolie ! be boolie what be it , mama ? daisy go charm the nurse . boolie 4 ( to hoke ) she want you all to herself . . you be a doodle , mama . '' a he leave the room . Daisy doze for a minute in she chair . then she look at hoke. ae daisy boolie payin 's you still ? . hoke ' a every week . daisy how much ? hoke that between I a ' he , miz Daisy . map 108 . daisy highway robbery ! she close she eye again . then open they . daisy ( cont 'd ) how be you ? . hoke doin ' the bes ' I can . daisy I too . hoke well , thass all there be to it , de . she nod , smile . he notice a untouched slice of pumpkin pie on she bedside table . hoke looka here . you ain 's eat yo Thanksgiving pie . she try to pick up she fork . he gently take the plate and the fork from she . hoke ( cont 'd ) lemme hep you wid it . he cut a small piece of pie and carefully feed it to she . she be delighted . it taste good . he feed she another . and another . the end