drop dead gorgeous fade in : ext . country road - minnesota - day vintage black and white stock footage of some farm and farmhouse . dissolve to : ext . country road - day Color footage of cotton field pass by . we freeze and fade to black . title wipe in : 1995 marked the fiftieth anniversary of the nation' oldest beauty contest ... the sarah rose cosmetics american teen princess pageant a documentary film crew be sent to a SMALL town in minnesota to commemorate this occassion . int . pageant auditorium - mount rose - day vintage blue-ton stock footage of a teenage beauty pageant contestant . legs wipe in . male pageant announcer ( o.s. ) Sarah Rose know you be a beautiful person .... blue-ton stock footage of a long row of beauty pageant contestant on stage . male pageant announcer ( cont would ) Sarah Rose know you have a unusual talent . Sarah Rose know you be a teenage girl . blue-ton stock footage of the row of contestant parade down some step from the stage as camera tilt down . male pageant announcer ( cont would ) mmm , and she definitely know that you be ready for the ultimate teen glamour . rousing patriotic music . fast pace cut feature smiling teenage contestant dance and wave american flag . applause ! male pageant announcer ( cont would ) the american Teen princess pageant . each contestant wear a banner across she dress read : american teen princess . male pageant announcer ( cont would ) and now , a few word ... angle on contestant drop , roll and form a STAR . cheer ! male pageant announcer ( cont would ) ... from last year 's host , Mr. Adam West . adam west the american Teen princess pageant have be enrich the life of american - make girl since 1945 . title fade on screen : Adam West , tv 's batman , then fade out . adam west ( cont would ) the american Teen princess pageant provide personal growth , scholarship , travel , and you ... numerous contestant stand up in shot and surround adam . adam west ( cont would ) ... might even meet a few celebrity . at the national level , thousand of seventeen year - old girl like yourselves . and compete around the country in place like : male pageant announcer ( o.s. ) beautiful mount Rose , Minnesota . adam west and make it all the way here to lincoln , Alabama , to compete for the title of american Teen princess . light come up on the teenage girl in the pageant as they pause . as they wave american flag . Adam West turn back to the camera . adam west ( cont would ) and now , a few word from last year 's host , Mr. Adam West . contestant strike a pose around he . thunderous canned applause ! adam west ( cont would ) ( point to camera ) so , which one of you will it b- - screen suddenly static . int . high school - gym - day scene from " day of our live " pull back to reveal the video be on a tv in front of a group of seventeen year -old girl , sit in gym bleacher . [ note : the film be shot documentary style . people be real . they life revolve around this pageant . all speak with a thick minnesota accent .] three " civil servettes , " the local woman 's group . [ picture unattractive stepford wive in match windbreaker ] stand beside gladys leeman , 34 , president . she stop the video . gladys leeman good God , Iris , you tape you show over it . Iris sorry . gladys turn to the girl in the bleacher . super : mount rose , minnesota population : 5,076 gladys leeman now lady , the rest of the tape - which be now go forever - go on about startin ' this great american journey we call american Teen princess ... yah - so , any of you young lady who would like to start on that journey , you just come right down here and sign up . and please ... help yourselves to some coffee and bar ... smash edit to : gladys seat with middle - age woman . gladys showtime . super : gladys leeman , local chairman , pageant organizing committee . documentarian ( o.s. ) do you think that most people would say that teenage beauty pageant be a good idea ? gladys oh yah - sure , I know what some of you big city , no bra wearin' , hairy - legge woman 's libber say , " pageant be old - fashioned " and , uh , and " demean " to the girl -- Iris ( jump in ) what 's sick be woman dressin ' like man ! Civil servettes stare at she a beat . gladys uh ... you betcha , Iris . ( quickly , back to camera ) yah - I think yous boy will find that thing be different here in mount Rose ... Civil servettes ad-lib agreement . gladys ( cont would ) for one thing , y'know , we be God fearin ' folk - every last one of we ... Civil servettes ad-lib agreement . gladys ( cont would ) you will not find a back room in we video store ... servettes ad - lib " amen . yah - you betcha . " etc . gladys ( cont would ) ( v.o. ) ... that filth be better leave in the " Sin city . " Iris a.k.a. minneapolis - St. Paul . pull away from minneapolis skyline to countryside . ext . quaint MAIN STREET the camera drive down the street . ext . picturesque middle-class neighborhood the camera drive down the street . ext . suburban house a happy family raise the american flag . ext . suburban driveway burly guy look up from wash a ford truck . ext . trailer park sign next to it read : " welcome to mount Rose , Home of freda klinghagen , Minnesota 's oldest live Lutheran " complete with a photo of the extremely old woman smile and wave . ext . crew van a elderly couple look in the passenger window of the van . elderly man ( mayor ) oh , yah - sure , freda , yah . she be the oldest livin ' Lutheran . now she 's dead as a doornail . it 's they damn shriner who be not take that goddamn sign down yet - that lazy son - a - bitch ... I tell kem , I tell kem every goddamn year , " take the goddamn freda sign down , you lazy son - a-bitch ! " super : mayor of mount rose int . gladys ' van - day through the window a family wave to gladys . ext . neighborhood - day two boy play basketball in the driveway of they home . ext . front lawn - day SMALL child in bathing suit play on a lawn . a boy shoot he water pistol . int . leeman station wagon - afternoon Civil servettes and crew be pile in . gladys drive . gladys ... today 's " to do " list include a trip to the mall of America . we need outfit for the " physical fitness " number -- Iris nothin ' too showy ! gladys y'betcha , Iris . we still need a third judge and we need to think of a theme . servettes react with pleasure . Iris gladys -- gladys ! look out ! a car swerve . gladys oh , my ! ( wave out window ) hello , Father donigan ! sidewalks , sidewalk ? Iris mime drink , " glug , glug . " gladys ( cont would ) Iris , stop ! ( to camera ) it 's not he fault . the communal wine just prove too temptin ' for some of they . Iris that 's why we lutheran use grape koolaid for the blood of Christ . ext . mall of america in the vast , already full parking lot , we see gladys leeman 's station wagon search for a parking spot . Iris oh , there 's a parking space over there . oh , no , that 's just a compact . sorry . gladys you would think they would build the parking lot of America to go with the mall of America ! gladys pull into a handicapped spot . servettes and camera stand outside the car . Iris point at the sign . Iris it 's a two -hundre dollar fine ! gladys I say I would move if a cripple come . let 's just run in the store and pick out some outfit . Iris all right , let 's go . ext . mall of america parking lot Iris and another servette start to get out of the car . gladys wait ! wait ! wait ! wait ! wait ! wait ! wait ! I just think of the theme . Iris and the servette stop . Iris oh ! what be it ? gladys ( cont would ) " proud ...to be ...an ... american . " servettes react with pleasure . jump CUT to : int . moa parking lot - moment later documentarian ( o.s. ) so what be the theme of the pageant last year ? gladys last year ? it be , " buy american . " documentarian ( o.s. ) and the year before that ? gladys " u.s.a. be a-okay . " documentarian ( o.s. ) can you remember the theme of you favorite pageant ? gladys " can I ? I be amer - I - can ! " people ask I where I get this . I do not know , it 's ... maybe a gift from God or somethin' . int . mount rose high - gym - day pan down row of EIGHT girl signing up and eat bar . super : local pageant registration , mount rose high school angle on leslie miller - sexy / peppy girl in cheerlead uniform . leslie miller ... hi. ( giggle ) I be Leslie Miller . I be signin ' up kcause - ah , y'know , I always watch pageant on the tv and my boyfriend think I will win . super : contestant # 3 , leslie miller she make " gill " on the side of she head with she hand . leslie miller ( cont would ) for my talent , I be gonna be do the .. two football player interrupt : PAT , she boyfriend , and BRETT , who smile and give a nod to amber . Pat grab Leslie and kiss she hard . leslie ( cont would ) uh , Pat , I be try to tell themabout my ... oh ... hormone take over and they lock lip again . she wrap she leg around he . he feel up she ass . they continue grop as she Washington monument slip off . CUT to : Leslie wave and blow kiss while perform a cheerleader chant . leslie miller ( cont would ) hi , Pat ! go , musky ! whoo ! int . high school - gym amber atkins - naturally pretty blonde , sweet as sugar pie , stare into camera like a deer catch in headlight . amber atkins ( suddenly look o.c. ) hi , I - I be amber Atkins and , um , I be signin ' up k'cause , ah , my two favorite people in the world compete . my mom and Diane sawyer ... course I hope I end up a little more like Diane sawyer than my mom ... she flash a grin , we melt . int . funeral home / embalming room - day amber tap - dance as she apply make - up to a male corpse . super : contestant # 1 , amber atkins documentarian ( o.s. ) do you do any of the , uh , embalm ? amber ( laugh ) oh , my God , no . oh , God . I just do the hair and makeup on the decease . ext . road - day amber tap dance at the side of the road as traffic pass . amber ( v.o. ) I be lucky I have a after-school job where I can practice my talent . ext . moa parking lot - day gladys oh , yeah , sure . you know , every pageant be special , but this one be extra-special to I . when I be seventeen , I do not know if you know this , but I be crown mount Rose 's american Teen princess . and this year ... drum roll please , my lovely daughter , Rebecca Ann leeman be competin ' . int . high school rebecca leeman stand in front of amber and address the camerman ( o.s. ) . becky be this my mark ? ( it be ) hi , I be Rebecca leeman . and I believe this pageant be a important experience for every young woman . it , well , it teach you what 's really important in life , and it have the power to change you in way you have never dream of . int . gun range Becky , in shoot goggle and ear muff , fire a Glock - 17 9 mm pistol with both hand . sign on wall read : " Lutheran sisterhood gun Club . " ( see iona in b.g. with a arsenal of sniper weaponry . ) becky ( yell over noise ) ... what ?! klinghagen think it will all come down to I and amber ? Becky stop fire and take off she hear muff . becky ( cont would ) well , you have to take everything Mrs. klinghagen say with a grain of salt . not all you Catholic go to communion for the wafer , if you know what I mean ... jump CUT to : int . lutheran sisterhood gun range - later Becky thumb bullet into she magazine as she talk . becky ... yah - my mom give I this nine - mile for my thirteenth birthday ... super : contestant # 6 , becky leeman I will always remember what she write in the card . " Jesus love winner . " that 's why , no matter what I do ... she shove the magazine back in she pistol . becky ( cont would ) I aim to win . she smile to camera , then violently fire off a few round . Zoom in on the male target : several bullet hole in the head . int . " new york , new york " bedroom - day it 's all new york memorabilia . Lisa swenson - big bubbly girl - sit on she bed . lisa why ? well , uh , it 's kind of like askin ' , " why do all the guy chew Copenhagen ? " you know ? I mean , if you be seventeen and you be not a total fry , it 's just what you do . ethel merman 's " everything 's come up rose " plays over speaker . super : contestant # 7 , lisa swenson documentarian ( o.s. ) have you decide what you talent be go to be yet ? lisa I be gonna sing and dance to , " New York , New York . " see , I fall in love with the Big Apple last summer when I be visitin ' my brother . he follow he dream to New York . pick up 8x10' , show to camera . lisa ( cont would ) this be Peter as liza . this be he as madonna . oh , here 's I with he as Barbara ... int . " german shepherd " bedroom - day tess weinhaus , wear a " I love german shepherd " t- shirt . the room be fill with german shepherd paraphernalia . tess uh ... I do not know what my talent 's gonna be yet ... super : contestant # 3 , tess weinhaus tess ( cont would ) Kenny . Kenny , come . come , Kenny . a dachshund enter and jump on she lap . tess ( cont would ) this be Kenny . spike , my german shepherd , go to live with a nice family on a farm after he attack I . it be not he fault . I have beef jerky in my front pocket . ( pull up shirt ) they re-made my belly with skin from my butt . dissolve to : int . school library - day iona hilderbrandt - librarian , 65 + - stamp book . super : iona hilderbrandt , mount rose american teen princess - 1945 iona hilderbrantdt ( smoke for sixty year ) I be mount Rose american Teen princess in 1945 . we be at war with the jap . angle on a vintage b&amp ; W photograph of 18 - year - old iona hilderbrandt , look surprised with hand on cheek , be be crown mount rose american teen princess by two soldier on a gym stage . young iona , wear tiara , stand with soldier and war official beside a boil pot of metal . iona hilderbrantdt ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I do not even get to keep my damn tiara . iona 's about to drop she tiara into a recycle bin . iona hilderbrantdt ( cont would ) have to turn it in for scrap . dissolve to : int . molly howard live room molly howard , a large white girl , sit between a japanese couple , Mr. and Mrs. howard . super : contestant # 5 , molly howard mr. howard ( heavy accent ) ... so we adopt Molly three year ago when we come to America , to help acclimate we to american . molly ( smile ) to America , dad . Mr. Howard laugh . mrs . howard she all - american girl . she we american Teen princess girl . molly oh , Mom ... the Howard 's biological daughter ( they rename she " tina " ) enter frame . although she 's the picture of beauty , grace , talent and charm , she represent they old life . tina ( in japanese ) Excuse I , Father , mother , when be we move back to Tokyo ? I can not stand this place anymore . they put butter on everything . mr. howard ( turn , suddenly angry ) English ! English , you stupid little retard ! we America now , Tina ! tina ( perfect English ) I be sorry , dad , but with all due respect , my name be not " Tina , " it 's seiko . mr. howard Tina ! Tina !! tina !!! mrs . howard " Robert , " settle down . mr. howard ( scream ) ahhhhhh ! Mr. Howard suddenly grab he chest . jump CUT to : int . molly howard live room - moment later same scene . Mr. Howard be go . tina Mom , I just finish the third movement of that concerto I be work on . I put , like , this techno beat on this japanese folk tune - wanna hear it ? mr. howard ( run down the hall ) no ! we not like to hear it ! go to you room and shut up ! tina oh , I almost forget ... ( remove envelope from pocket ) I get my acceptance to Tokyo University . mr. howard what , you deaf ? I say shut up - shut up - shut up ! ( come at camera ) cut she outta this ! jump CUT to : int . molly howard live room - moment later same scene on couch . mr. howard now Molly , tell movie man what you talent do . molly I will be line dancin' . mr. howard ( give thumb up ) country western ! mrs . howard clint Black ! ruff ! mr. howard hey , what he get I not get ? they all laugh . int . high school - gym - stage close on Michelle johanson 's face . michelle ... yah - I will be perform a dramatic monologue . super : contestant # 2 , michelle johanson michelle ( cont would ) right now , I be thinkin ' " othello " or ... " soylent Green . " lot of girl make a smooth transition from pageant into actin ' , y'know . smash CUT to : local tv commercial ( video ) connie , mid -30' , midwestern attractive , wear a sash and tiara , stand in front of a blue screen of a forest . connie competin ' for the title of Minnesota 's american Teen princess sure be excitin' . but , I never coulda win without my ... pull back to reveal a table full of pork product . connie ( cont would ) St. Paul pork product ! local tv commercial ( video ) screen change to outside factory / stock yard . connie now wear a coat and hat and act as if it 's chilly . connie ( cont would ) I have be enjoyin' St. Paul pork product for year . I grow up right next to this stock yard . screen change to video of a slaughter line . pig carcass move on hook . connie wear a hard hat and blood stain butcher 's apron . connie ( cont would ) it 's still the same family - run business that walter and Vera polarski start in 1920 when they raise and slaughter they first pig . connie grab a hot dog from o.c. and take a bite . connie ( cont would ) mmm-mmmm . I just love St. Paul pork product . in fact , I love kem so much local tv commercial ( video ) slide change to video of the sausage line . worker stuff sausage . connie wear a white jumpsuit and hairnet . connie ( cont would ) I work here now ! int . betz live room - night mrs . betz , a large woman , hold a tray of bar . crew member reach in the shot and help themselves . janelle betz sit on the couch , signing everything she say . janelle ( slow , due to signing ) ... my talent will be a interpretive dance while I sing , " through the eye of Love . " I have a dream of spreadin ' sign language around the world ... Mom ? would you be so kind ? super : contestant # 8 , janelle betz janelle ( cont would ) yeah . well , see , uh , I have a dream of spread sign language around the world . ( to Mrs. betz ) Mom , would you be so kind . Mrs. betz quickly put down the bar and go to the piano where she start " through the eye of Love . " janelle begin to gesticulate and sign word in a overly dramatic performance that look like a bizarre seizure . SOUND occasionally dip out as the boom operator reach for bar . int . high school - gym - later tammy curry - a cute , jock - type . she wear a letter jacket , cover with varsity sport patch . tammy curry tammy curry . I be signin ' up for the scholarship ' n 'all . smash CUT to : int . high school - gym she point to various patch on she letter jacket . tammy curry ( cont would ) ... this one 's for varsity soccer , uh , I be captain . ( point ) I run track , and , uh ... ( point to small gun patch ) right here , I be the new President of the Lutheran sisterhood gun Club ... angle on lsgc president logo patch . tammy curry ( cont would ) ( o.s. ) I love that one . ext . farm field shot from crew van . Sun be set behind a lovely field of green . a John deere thresher travel across the burn red horizon . documentarian ( v.o. ) would you say you have a good chance to win this pageant ? super : contestant # 9 , tammy curry tammy ( v.o. ) yeah , you bet I do . I mean , maybe other people think I can not win a beauty pageant . but other people do not think I could beat out Becky leeman for President of the gun club , either . and I do . i- I - it 's just like Anthony robbin say , " I be a winner . nobody can stop I but I ! " kabloom ! tammy 's John deere thresher blows up ! int . lutheran church basement - kitchen area - night close on frame school photo of tammy curry . pull back to see she letter jacket - scorched and tear ( Lutheran gun Club patch be missing ) - and flower . continue pulling back to reveal both be surround by bun , bar and coffee on a long buffet table . a line of somber and repress lutheran help themselves to the food . servettes stand at the ready . gladys and Iris face the camera . gladys well , you know , I think everyone 's do really well consider the fact that she be so young . Iris it 's always hard to see the young one call home , especially on a explode thresher . it 's just so odd and gross . gladys you know that sometimes it 's hard to understand God 's great plan . Iris yeah . Iris pat gladys on the shoulder . female mourner # 1 May I have a tissue ? gladys but the show must go on . ( she face Iris ) I gotta get a hold of Ted and ask he if we can use that barn light as a spot again . so you watch the jell -o salad , okay ? Iris all right . okay . int . high school - gym - later it 's smokey as hell . three " fry " girl and a pregnant " fry " girl - all with " shelf bang " - smoke and drink . fry girl # 1 ... oh , yeah -right . I be not gonna be in no goddamn pageant ! look what happen to that dork - ass farm girl . pregnant fry girl ( o.c. ) tammy curry ? fry girl # 1 yah - yah . everyone say this be a big accident ? she get iced because she win everything , and this time someone do not want she to win . pregnant fry girl this pageant 's like a roach motel . fry girl # 1 Girls check in , but they do not check out . pregnant fry girl yeah . and they say smokin ' be bad for you health . fry girl # 1 ( raise cigarette into frame ) yeah . ext . old two story house - establishing - day sign paint on garage door : " dance Studio , downstair past the Laundry room . " camera move downstair to convert basement . lisa swenson and two other large " ballerinas " practice at a 2 x4 / ballet barre . mozart play in the b.g. chloris klinghagen watch and smoke . ( picture Betty Davis in she final day . ) chloris and tendu . Close . tendu . Close . tendu. Close . plie . and repeat . suck in the belly , girl , and tuck in the tushes ! super : chloris klinghagen , choreographer chloris ( cont would ) Close that leg ! you look like a bunch of bowlegge cow ! other side . and ... tendu . Close . tendu . Close . tendu . Close . plie . CUT to : chloris smoke and talk to camera . " ballerinas " practice . chloris ( cont would ) yeah , you boy sure pick a good year . if I be a betting woman , and there be a line on this in Vegas , I would lay down ten- to - one that it all come down to amber Atkins and Becky leeman . oh , sweet Jesus , what a showdown this could be if cain and abel ... the SOUND recordist enter and Lisa spin out of control , take he out . she lean over and comfort he . lisa ow ! oh , God . it 's so em-so embarrassing . EST . shot - " dakota county eating disorder clinic " - day mary ( v.o. ) ( labor breath ) my win ... the mount Rose ... int . patient's room - day smiling anorexic girl sit in bed - a tiara in what 's leave of she hair and a sash over she hospital gown . mary ... american Teen princess pageant ... super : mary johanson , reigning mount rose american teen princess mary ( cont would ) ... really change my life . the tiara slip off she balding head and roll to the floor . int . dakota county eating disorder clinic - mary room amber fix Mary 's hair , carefully brush she bald head . Mary smile , oblivious . mary ( labor breath ) ... amber do my hair ... once a week . amber ( flatter and embarrassed ) well ... it 's the least I can do for the reign mount Rose junior miss amer -- amber pull the brush away with a clump of Mary 's hair dangle from it . amber ( cont would ) oh God ... mary what ? amber huh ? oh ... uh , just a little snarl ... amber mouth , " shhh ! do not tell ! " to camera as she try to pull the clump of hair from the brush . jump CUT to : int . dakota county eating disorder clinic - mary room amber tie the tiara and miss clump of hair to Mary 's head with a ribbon . amber there we go . she hold the mirror for Mary . mary ( delusional ) beautiful ... maybe next week ... a perm . amber yah ... sure ... amber give a kind but worried smile to camera . suddenly , Becky leeman enter with a large box of chocolate . she 's fully aware of the camera from the moment she enter . becky hellooo , Little Mary Sunshine ! ( pretend to notice camera ) what ?! oh - oh my God ! light ! camera ! and I without a stitch of make - up on . what be you guy doin ' here ? she 's in full make-up . amber what be you doin ' here ? becky oh , amber , like you be the only one who visit Mary . mary ( to Becky ) who be you ? becky ( cover ) " who be you ?! " oh Mary , you kill I . ( to camera ) she always say that . it 's a little game we play . every week - same dippy little look on she face . " who be you - who be you ? " just like that . ( in Mary 's face ) it 's I - Becky - and I bring you favorite . Becky put the chocolate on Mary 's lap , a few spill . throughout the follow , Mary slowly reach for they as if they be forbidden fruit and she 's a very hungry Eve . amber how nice , Becky , she 's anorexic . Becky roughly put she hand over Mary 's ear , who 's now gently petting the spill chocolate in she lap . becky ( sotto , reprimand tone ) she 's skinny , not deaf , amber . ext . trailer - late afternoon montage - amber tap around the mobile home community , home from school - backpack , walkman , cool music blaring . int . trailer - amber' bedroom - moment later amber stand in a room the size of a closet . poster , article and picture of great tap dancer and Diane sawyer cover the wall . amber ... dream ? yah - sure I get kem ... sometimes I dream of winnin ' ... I dream of gettin ' outta mount Rose and bein ' a big time reporter like Diane sawyer . I mean , guy get outta mount Rose all the time for hockey scholarship or prison . but the pageant 's kinda my only chance . int . trailer - amber' bedroom - moment later amber point to large pageant photo of diane sawyer - 1963 amber ... yah - 1963 . her beauty work against she when she start as a reporter in louisville , she hometown . that be different time . annette ( o.s. ) ( yell , cough ) hey , amber , y'get my smoke ? amber ( smile ) that 's my mom . ( yell ) I will get kem in a sec . annette atkins , amber 's mom - sexy , but tired - open the door . annette ( surprised by camera ) oh shit ! amber they be from l.a . they want to see my room and film I for they movie . annette ( mock -touch , to crew ) oh ... how quickly they grow up . ( exite , smile ) hey , if they ask you to take off you shirt , get the money first . annette be go . annette ( cont would ) ( o.s. ) and go get my smoke ! jump CUT to : EST . shot - leeman family home - day landscape grounds surround this lovely two-story . int . leeman home - various room brief " lifestyle of the rich &amp ; famous " montage of gladys show off interior to the theme from " gone with the wind . " int . leeman home - live room - day it look like a levitz showroom . gladys sit stiffly between Becky and she husband , lester - mid -60' , gruff , " old school " salesman , drink in hand . lester ... you betcha . s'pose to be colder - n - a witch tit tonight ... gladys ( nervous laugh ) oh , lester . he love he weather , y'know . lester ( look to crew , o.s. ) hey , ya like it ? open it ... yah - the globe . pull at the equator there . gladys we be not in the showroom , dear . bang and fumble . a corkscrew fly into shot - crew guy quickly enter shot and grab it . lester fit three full - size booze bottle . the cassette deck pull outta Afghanistan , there . becky ( embarrassed ) mommm ... gladys lester ? lester oh , all right ( to camera ) how soon they forget where all this come from . becky Japan . lester that 's enough , young lady . jump CUT to : int . leeman home - live room - later gladys " impartial ? " outside this house I be gladys leeman , President , Civil servettes - impartial as the day be long . but we be inside my home now and I have gotta warn you , I be wearin ' my " wife apron " and " mom hat . " so , I can safely say that I be the mother of the most talented contestant mount Rose have ever see . jump CUT to : int . leeman home - live room - later lester 's go from the couch . gladys I will field that one - Rebecca 's save she voice . Becky smile admiringly at gladys . gladys ( cont would ) you -betcha , Rebecca 's ready . she 's be singin ' and dancin ' since she be knee high to a pig 's eye . lester return to the couch , large drink in hand . lester yah - she 's damn near as good as that little black fella - with the glass eye . gladys sammy Davis , Jr. , honey . lester yeah , yeah , the Jew . becky Nice one , dad . he 's dead . int . high school - gym same scene . boy ' wrestling team - tight singlet - run lap around gym - between servettes and camera . gladys ... yah - then , for the " judge interview , " each girl have a ten minute get-together with the judge before the pageant ... gladys be distract by the hard , young body . all be . gladys yes , the judge interview .. each girl have a ten minute get-together with the judge prior to the pageant . then we have the ... a hunky wrestler , tony , wave . gladys ( cont would ) hello , tony . tony hey . gladys " hey " to the folk . tony yeah , all right . Iris the judge interview . ext . drugstore - MAIN STREET - day JOHN dough - pharmacist , 30 - ish , thin , nervous - chain smoke outside the drugstore . super : judge # 1 , JOHN dough documentarian ( o.s. ) so you have , uh , you have judge a lot of pageant over the year ? JOHN nope. no. uh-uh . never judge a pageant before in my life . nope . no way . never around young girl . even if I be , why would I wanna be , y'know ? i- i- I do not get off on that kinda thing and that 's really why you be askin' , right ? s-someone say something ' ? ext . harold hardware hank - MAIN STREET - day harold - owner , late 40' - stand in front of this grubby little store front with he mildly retarded brother , hank , who sniff and mumble constantly . super : judge # 2 , harold vilme documentarian ( o.s. ) do you judge the pageant every year ? harold ... nope . never judge nothin ' afore -- hank ( point at camera ) be we on " cop ? " be we on " cop ? " be we on " cop ? " harold shut up , hank . this here 's business . harold cuff hank . hank ow , harold - Mom say not the head . harold well , Mom 's dead , so shut you fly trap . hank I will if you shut you piehole . harold do not make I kick - ya where the good Lord split-ya . harold raise he hand , hank flinch and ext . harold hardware hank - later documentarian ( o.s. ) so be you excited ? harold ... oh you betcha ! we be happier than the day hanky get acquitted . I get make a judge , then the furniture store hire we to paint the whole damn thing . ( remove cap ) we be gonna use the money to get we mamma a proper headstone . oh , and move she out to the cemetery . suddenly , hank run full speed into the window . bam ! he fall to the ground inside . int . leeman furniture showroom - day follow lester around cheesy room display . jean kangas , he meek , middle - age secretary follow he everywhere . lester call out to a young couple sit in a dining room . lester hey Tim , carla - if yous kid do not try to Jew I down none , I will throw in a matchin ' hutch . the couple smile excitedly . lester ( cont would ) ( to camera ) see , that there 's my specialty . do not pay I less and I will give ya more . ( sotto ) secret be , the hutch be include in the price . ai not that right , Jean ? lester smack Jean on the ass . super : judge # 3 , jean kangas . lester ( cont would ) take a memo , sweetheart . ext . chloris klinhagen house - garage door rehearsal montage begins over music . contestant run out the side door as if run on stage . tess weinhaus trip and fall , cause a chain reaction . ext . chloris klinhagen house - garage door - later now contestant run out carry small wooden step ladder . as they reach the chorus line , they set the ladder down and leap frog over . super : first dance rehearsal - 1 week before pageant chloris four , five , six , seven . and one . tess run out , set she ladder down , jump and hit mid - crotch . she then slide painfully down to the ground . chloris ( cont would ) put that chair away ! get it ! come on ! get it ! amber twirl perfectly . chloris ( cont would ) all right . let 's get . let 's go . ext . chloris klinhagen house - sidewalk - continuous pan across neighbor ' sit in lawn chair , enjoy the music and the show . end on JOHN dough , lean against he car , smoking and hold a video camera at he side . ext . chloris klinhagen' house - front lawn pan down row do a seat chorus line on ladder . most suck . amber and Becky look great . tess sit on the grass with a bag of ice on she crotch . ext . chloris klinghagen house - sidewalk on John dough , beside he car . JOHN I be just out here watch the young girl - contestant - like the rest of my friend and neighbor ... John quickly turn and start to pry the hood open . angle on Pat and brett watch the girl . Pat admire amber 's move . PAT ( be : amber ) be you gettin ' she ? uh , the third one , the blonde one . BRETT hey . PAT see ? right over there . right over there . brett slap Pat on the back . BRETT leave he alone , leave he alone . it 's okay . ext . chloris klinhagen' house - front lawn John , he car hood open , be catch aim he video camera at the girl perform a dance . they wear partially construct U.S. monument headdress . JOHN oh , this be just a... camera . I keep it in the glove compartment for car accident . insurance ... you guy get a camera and no one 's accusin ' you of anything , right ? int . high school - kitchen move through kitchen . lunch lady haul , serve and prepare food . Pan over to amber , who 's unhappily scraping and spraying lunch trays as they be drop off at she window . Becky , flirt she ass off , come to the window with brett , handsome football player we see before . both carry trays . becky so , brett , do you wanna go to the lake with I on Thursday ? BRETT um , actually , I get practice on Thursday . becky ... yah - well , maybe Friday , then . a bunch of we be gonna go cow-tippin ' . super : BRETT clemmens , captain , mount rose high school football team BRETT ( see amber ) uh , I -uh - I be kinda busy Friday . amber look up to see brett look at she . he smile . she smile . you can feel the attraction . amber become girlishly self - conscious -- adjust she rubber apron and brush hair out of she eye with she big rubber glove . BRETT ( cont would ) ( to amber ) hi ... amber hi . Becky notice they attraction and go from flirt to uber-bitch in a heartbeat . becky giver she you tray , brett . you be holdin ' up the line . brett look at beck , then at amber , not want to make she clean he tray . BRETT uh ... becky give it to she ! amber here , I will take it . it 's my job . BRETT no ... ( look at Becky ) it 's all right . I get it . do not worry about it . he take the sprayer from a surprised amber and start to clean off he own tray . Becky can not believe he defiance . amber well , you be suppose to put it in the ... Becky throws she tray on the counter spraying amber with food as she storm off . BRETT ( cont would ) oh man , you get leutefisk in you hair . amber then it must be Wednesday . int . high school library same scene as " funeral bun " explanation . iona leutefisk be cod Fish that 's be salted and soak in lye for a week or so . it 's best with lot - a butter . int . high school - kitchen same scene . brett remove the offend leutefisk . BRETT so , uh , I - I be not really busy Friday . I just say that - y'know . amber I know . BRETT so if , uh , you want to do somethin' ... amber amber / BRETT huntin ' season . shock at the coincidence , they share a laugh . BRETT well , uh , I be cuttin ' out early today to do a little duck huntin ' ... but , uh , maybe I could call you tonight . amber yah -sure , fine ... fine . BRETT okay ... well , bye . amber bye . amber smile , give a shy little wave - then , to camera . amber ( cont would ) oh , God - you do not think Becky see you guy , do you ? ( nervously look around ) look , you just should not be in here ... documentarian ( o.s. ) it 's okay . doreen give we hair net . amber no , listen . ( whisper as she exit ) we should not talk here . stop by my house tonight , okay ? she look around and motion they to rush off . ext . highway near trailer park - evening from the crew van we pass the crappy trailer home that be off the highway . ( patsy cline 's " King of the Road " plays on the radio ) . ext . / int . atkins trailer - evening camera approach the trailer . sign on the door read " annette 's family Hair Care . " Inside , the kitchen have be turn into a mini hair salon . annette give Loretta , neighbor , mid -50 's - a bouffant . loretta what do you mean , they take out she butt ? annette ( see camera in window ) oh , Jesus H. Christ ! loretta be we on " cop " again ? annette you could be quiet . loretta hi. annette hi. jump CUT to : int . atkins trailer - moment later annette it 's just the guy that be ... you know , makin ' the movie about the pageant . I tell you about kem . loretta oh , naw . hi. annette this here 's Loretta . loretta I tell annette , I say , " you talk to I durin ' my storey , you might as well be talkin ' to the wall . " ( then ) you guy want a beer ? documentarian ( o.s. ) no , thank you . be amber here ? annette no . you just miss she . amber get call in to the bone garden tonight . you just miss she . she 's in a helluva mood today , anyways . loretta say , yous boy be to the leeman' ? annette Loretta , shut it . loretta y'know , if you have , you get all the picture of the winner you need . annette shut it up , Loretta . loretta oh , Christ , it 's true . annette begin to comb out Loretta 's hair . loretta ( drink beer ) let 's just say who should win , who deserve to win be amber . annette ( mumble to self ) why do not you paint a big red target on you ass , Loretta . loretta she 's the prettiest , y'know . the best damn tapper . the most smartest ... annette " most smartest ? " oh , that 's good , Loretta . make sure you get a picture of that . " most smartest . " we be cuttin you off and sendin ' you home . annette take Loretta 's beer , start to push she out . loretta well , excuse I , annette , but I be braggin ' up you kid , here . ( to crew ) amber 's gonna be the next Diane sawyer , y'know ... annette I will be right back . see ya later . camera follow annette and Loretta . annette ( cont would ) they be makin ' a movie , here , goddamn it . loretta all right , they be makin ' a movie . annette you do not know where this be gonna ... loretta I get a hairdo . jump CUT to : ext . / int . atkins trailer - evening Loretta hold onto the door frame so annette can not push she out . documentarian ( o.s. ) what make you think that Becky 's go to win ? loretta why do I think Becky will win ? you be talkin ' ... ( to annette ) do not pinch !. ( back into camera ) you be talkin ' kbout the richest family in a small town . it 's front page news when one of kem take a shit . ( she laugh hard ) can one of yous boy give I a ride home ? annette do not fall for it . she life two trailer down . loretta so ? be real easy . annette go on home , Loretta . come on . go on , the party 's over . loretta anyone ? int . larson funeral home - hallway - night a small sign on the door read : " embalming - please knock ! " push into room . amber , back to we , frantically apply blusher to a old woman . another body , cover with a white sheet , be on the embalm slab . the top and brim of a hunting cap can be see . she turn around to see the crew . amber ( cont would ) ( surprised ) ahhh ! je-sus-christ-on-a-cross ! ( catch breath ) look , number one rule in a funeral home - never sneak up on the livin ' . you never know who could have a embalm needle or skull see in they hand . Mr. Larson 's son learn that the hard way - he 's bury next to my grandpa ! amber turn to the slab to continue work . she pull off the sheet to reveal BRETT , handsome football player , still wear he hunt plaid . jump CUT to : int . embalming room - later documentarian ( o.s. ) amber ( cover real emotion ) upset about brett ? Nah . hazard of the trade . I do not really have time for guy anyways . it 's weird , though . he take it right between the eye . do not often see that . ext . gun range - day Becky thumb bullet into a 12 - gauge pump shotgun . documentarian ( o.s. ) so you know , brett just get shot in the head . becky ( cool as a cucumber ) he do ? well , huntin 's dangerous ... so , anyways , my mom give I this 30 - aught for my sixteenth birthday ... int . embalming room - later amber wipe she eye when Mr. Larson burst in . mr. larson amber , I need stella now ! super : mr. larson , owner , larson funeral parlor mr. larson ( cont would ) the family 's steamin ' like a cow pie in July . Said she do not look nothin ' like the picture they give you . amber turn from brett and close the coffin . amber sorry . I just think she might not wanna meet she Maker lookin ' like a cheap whore . mr. larson well , you " cheap whore " be this family 's " lovin ' mother . " ( point at brett ) the clemen say to make he look like he just come from snowmobilin' . pink cheek , and ... amber ( start to mist up ) -- red nose and ear . I know , I know . Mr. Larson pull stella 's coffin out . int . embalming room - later a obviously upset amber put make - up on brett . amber sorry I could not talk today kcause ... I be scared , okay ? ( deep breath ) I open my locker right after first period and there 's a picture of tammy curry tape inside . jump CUT to : int . embalming room - later amber hold up a snapshot of a smiling girl on a thresher . amber this be write on back . she turn the picture over to reveal , " you're next ! " ext . mount rose - STREET twin officer lean against they car . one prepare to pack some snuff . twin officer # 1 oh- yah , helluva way to go , there . after some extensive investigation , we figure the curry girl musta be drivin ' and smokin ' and kablewey ! twin officer # 2 ( hold a skoal tin ) not enough leave of she to fill a tin . he put a pinch between he cheek and gum . int . embalming room - later a visibly upset amber still apply make - up to brett . amber yah -sure , tammy like to driver she dad 's thresher - she say the heavy vibration help she think , y'know ? but I know for a fact she only smoke after a good drive . you ask I or anyone else who be not scared to talk about it - tammy be murder . ( hold back tear ) God , I bet Diane sawyer never have to deal with crap like this ... ( to crew guy ) toss I " caucasian # 5 , " would ya ? a crew guy walk in frame and hand she a make - up jar . amber ( cont would ) man , I can not wait for fishin ' season ... Mr. Larson burst in , white as a corpse . mr. larson amber ... amber no , do not say it . another stray bullet to the head . she adjust brett 's red plaid hunt cap . amber ( cont would ) I be gonna need more cap . mr. larson you hafta go home . there 's some kinda emergency at the trailer park . amber relax , that 's my mar 's code for , " bring home milk and a carton - a lucky . " mr. larson no. Loretta call . there 's be a ... a fire . she grab the key and run out . ext . trailer park STREET / int . hearse - night amber drive fast and furious as we come to what 's leave of she trailer . all the neighbor be out drinkin ' beer , eatin ' food and watchin' the excitement . amber oh my God - no ! be my mom okay ? be she home ? hearse screech to a halt . we hear a thud , then moan from in back . amber jump out . camera follow , a la " cop . " it 's pandemonium with fire truck , neighbor , a ambulance , etc . amber ( cont would ) Mom ! Mom !? mommmm ! Loretta run up to amber as two firemen approach . fireman # 1 you family ? loretta no , she 's just screamin ' " Mom , Mom ! " kcause she 's get tourettes ... she 's annette 's kid , dipshit . amber ( to Loretta ) be Mom okay ? loretta she 's alive , sweetie . amber where be she ?! loretta she 's right over there . camera pan over to see a semi-conscious annette as they load she stretcher into the ambulance , shut the door and start to pull away . amber run after they . amber mommmm ! I will be right behind you in the hearse ! loretta do not let that worry you , annette ! EST . shot - farmington memorial hospital - night int . hospital - annette' room a doctor , amber and Loretta stand beside annette , who 's get a i.v. , bandage and she left hand wrap and elevate . documentarian ( o.s. ) so , doctor , be this sort of a unusual injury here ? doctor oh you betcha , this be a doozy . right now , we chief concern be to stabilize annette , then , in surgery , remove this here . removing bandage to reveal Beer can , still hold in she hand . amber oh , Mom , it 's so ugly . annette ruine a brand - new pair of Lee Press - on . ( weak ) well , I sit down for a beer and ka - blewey ! next thing I know , something ' blow through my kitchen window . next thing I know , I be ass up in Loretta 's flower bed . ext . trailer park - dusk shaky video of a 15 year - old rocker kid from the neck rocker kid # 1 ( beavis with a mn accent ) yah -dude , put another fuckin ' book under it . rocker kid # 2 ( o.s. ) do not say " fuckin' . " my mar 's get the window open . camera move , then steady . we see all of rocker kid # 1 . rocker kid # 2 run into the shot with he guitar . rocker kid # 2 ( cont would ) k Kay -dude , hurry . we got like two fuckin ' minute leave on the battery . rocker kid # 1 a one ...two ...one - two-three ... suddenly annette 's ' trailer explode behind they ! rocker kid turn to see a body ( annette 's ) fly through the air . rocker kide shiiiiiiiiiiiiit !!!! int . hospital - annette' room annette ( to amber ) I shove you tap shoe in my jeans before I be blow outta the house , honey . check with the guy who cut my pants off . he should have kem . amber Mom , uh , about that ... i- I be - oh God ... amber start to cry and run out . annette oh - Jesus - Mary -n-joseph , she 's pregnant ! ( call after she ) if you be - come back , sweetie . mommy want to talk , then kill you ! loretta ( run after amber ) annette , why do not you just see if there 's any beer leave in that can and relax a bit . int . hospital - hallway - night Loretta and amber face off . loretta you be what ?! amber I - I be quittin ' the pageant . loretta I hear you , I be just tryin ' to scare you into changin ' you mind . oh for chrissake , amber , the woman clung to you tap shoe while flyin ' through the air like a goddamn lawn dart ! amber oh God , I be dead ... a candy striper approach they . candy striper hey , lil ' miss sad-pant and she friend serious Sally , how kbout some nice cool mint to turn that frown upside -down . " S . " loretta ( to candy striper ) D 'ya think a nice cool mint would help if I shove you head up you ass ? fear sweep over the candy striper - she bolt down the hall ! Loretta put a arm around amber and start to walk down the opposite direction . amber so , what do I say ? loretta simple . just say , " Mom , I know you sacrifice everything - relationship , dream - you tummy , ass and thigh - all to bring I into this world . all so I could have tap lesson and be in the pageant - the same one you be in . but , y'know what ? I be quittin' . " there . easy as pie . amber oh my God . I be so dead ... loretta yeah , you betcha ... int . hospital - annette' room - night follow amber in past the now cry candy striper . annette ( throw mint ) go on ! get out ! amber Mom , look , do not say anything . first of all , I be not pregnant . amber sit on the bed . annette grab she shirt . amber ( cont would ) Mom ! annette I be not lettin ' go ktil you tell I what 's up . I be reach ' a point where I would kill someone for the nicotine on they fingernails . amber ( deep breath ) okay . yesterday I ... I get this picture . so I kinda , y'know , I be thinkin ' no . I be gonna , I - I - I be gonna quit the pageant . annette what ?! she hit amber with she beer - can hand . amber ow ! annette ( to camera ) would yous boy excuse we a second ? Loretta , you too . jump CUT to : int . hospital - annette' room shot through the window . amber pace around annette 's bed . amber Nice mouth you get there , Mom , but I - I be not goin ' through this again . annette you be not goin ' through this again ? you ? you be not the one who know how jiffy pop feel . amber oh , c'mon ... first the picture of tammy , then brett clemen , now this ? it 's scary . annette let I tell you " scary , " amber . look at I . do you wanna look like you be ride hard and put away wet at my age ? I be a " lifer " here . best I can hope for be to end up in a descent " raisin ranch " where they will change I twice a day . amber that 's it , I be goin ' ... annette honest to God , if I get to do it over ? I would start walkin ' outta this town the minute I take my first step . practically the only thing I would not do different be have you ... amber sit on the bed . amber God I hope that 's you and not you concussion talkin' . annette ( smile ) it 's I ... I just do not want this to be the thing you would do over . this pageant 's you ticket outta here . I know you can win , amber . annette ( cont would ) c'mere . I love you so much . amber I love you much . annette hug amber . int . hospital - hallway - night follow a jubilant amber and Loretta . loretta Hell - no , she be not quittin' . amber no . Mom say if I do , she would look up my dad and marry he . documentarian ( o.s. ) so have you mom keep you dad 's life a secret ? amber no . she never hide the fact that my dad pick he career over we . what would she use to say ? loretta " once a carnie , always a carnie . " amber oh- yah . ext . mount rose STREET - morning the twin officer lean against they car . twin officer # 1 the Atkins fire ? foul play ? shit -no . after some thorough investigatin' , we determine it musta be a bad wirin ' . mosta they trailer - folk plug a tv , vcr , crock pot and fry-daddy into one outlet and do not think nothin ' of it ktil kablewey ! twin officer # 2 ( take a pinch of skoal ) not enough leave to fill a tin . int . hospital - annette' room - day annette be in bad shape . the candy striper nervously stand beside she , hold a syringe . annette " bad wirin ' ? ! " well , if that be not the biggest crock - a- shit ever . ( turn on the candy striper ) ooowwww - Jesus ! do k - Mart have a sale on dull needle ? candy striper i- I just need one more " do -over . " ext . mount rose v.f.w. follow the contestant up to the door . int . mount rose v.f.w. - MAIN hall a smokey room with drunken vets at the bar and contestant , in Sunday best , crowded around some table . they could not seem more out of place . int . mount rose v.f.w. - MAIN hall super : judge interview - 3 day before the pageant gladys so , remember the three most important part of a good interview ... Iris okay , everybody , listen up ! gladys number one , american Teen princess ' do not cross they leg like streetwalker . the girl put they knee together . gladys ( cont would ) Excuse I , miss penthouse ninety - eight , put you knee together . ( contestant laugh ) I could drive a boat show in there . gladys pace . gladys ( cont would ) ankle together . hand rest lightly on you lap . good . sit up straight . smile ! jump CUT to : int . mount rose v.f.w. - MAIN hall gladys all right . number two : the judge be as nervous as you be . v.f.w. - back room judge - harold , JOHN and jean kangas ( lester 's secretary ) sit at a table , clipboard in front of they , staring at the camera . hank sit behind they , fidget . documentarian ( o.s. ) so be you about ready to start the judge - start the interview , there ? JOHN ( after long beat ) uh , i- I guess I could answer that . yep . we be ready . so , we should probably get the young girl in here , then . y'know , to start the interview ... v.f.w. - back room tess enter , sit , then quickly remember how to sit . judge nervously look at they clipboard - pencil ready . harold ( trouble read ) uh , " if you could be any tree in the wood , what kinda tree would you be ? " tess ( long pause ) dogwood . v.f.w. - back room - montage on molly howard , seat . molly bonsai . v.f.w. - back room - montage on leslie , seat . leslie Green ? v.f.w. - back room - montage on michelle johanson , seat . michelle a tree ? I can be any tree you want . gimme a minute . she begin vocal and facial warm - up exercise . v.f.w. - back room - montage on becky , seat . becky one with strong root in a community like mount Rose , a solid Christian trunk and long leafy branch to provide shade for handicapped kid on a hot summer day . v.f.w. - back room - montage on lisa swenson , seat , stare for a long beat , then : lisa you guy know the retard 's pants be open ? ( laugh ) I do not want to see that . v.f.w. - back room - montage on the judge - harold read , John stare longingly . harold " who would you pick to be president , dead or alive ? " pan over to Molly Howard . molly uh , Emperor hirohito . v.f.w. - back room - montage on leslie , seat ... leslie brett favre ! v.f.w. - back room - montage on becky , seat . becky my mother , kcause she could solve world hunger with one of she blue - ribbon rhubarb pie , create world peace with one of she prayer and still find time to look beautiful ... for my dad , lester leeman . v.f.w. - back room - montage John dough drink nervously from he water glass . JOHN D - do you like to swim ? the other judge look at he , then at they clipboard try to find this question . v.f.w. - back room - montage on lisa swenson lisa oh- yah , I love to swim . when I be in New York , I meet greg louganis at one - a my brother ' show ... v.f.w. - back room - montage janelle , sing a long answer . the judge look at each other confuse and frustrated . JOHN what the hell be she try to say ? ( yell ) say it ! janelle the ktard pants be completely off ! the judge turn and look at hank . harold Close up shop . Close up shop , hank . hank harold ! harold Close up shop ! v.f.w. - back room - montage on harold harold you amber Atkins ? amber ( o.s. ) yes . yes I be . thank you , hello . all judge turn a page on they clipboard . harold " name and spell all the United States in alphabetical order . " pan over to a stunne amber . amber seriously ? harold ( o.s. ) ah- yep . amber can not believe what she 's hearing . amber well , ah ... Alabama . a-l-a-b-a-m-a . Alaska . a-l-a-s-k-a. Arizona . a-r-i - z-o-n-a . v.f.w. - back room - montage amber West Virginia . w-e-s-t-v-i-r-g-n-i-a. Wisconsin . w-i-s-c-o-n-s-o-n. Wyoming . w-y-o-m-i-n-g. Pan over to judge . they can not believe it . hank clap retardedly . he love she . harold ( look at other ) uh-okay , then . int . dakota county eating disorder clinic - mary room a nurse now stand beside Mary . mary with two week until the pageant ... ( continue labor breath ) I be practice my talent . finish my costume , brush up on current event , and run eighteen mile a day on about four hundred calory . I be ready . the nurse give she a hit of oxygen . Mary smile and give a thumb up from behind the oxygen mask . dressing room - hallway pan down long , narrow room . a counter , with mirror and bare bulb , cover one wall . Girls set up they area and change into they talent costume . super : dress rehearsal - day before the pageant Iris coupla thing ... gladys want to be sure we go in show order today . all right ? so very important . do not forget that . CUT to : dressing room - hallway close on leslie miller , in cheerlead uniform , stand beside small frame photo of she boyfriend on the counter . leslie ( unusually serious ) oh - yah , really nervous . it 's be about two month . I have not tell my boyfriend yet . how do you know ? documentarian ( o.s. ) I mean , nervous about the pageant ? leslie ( suddenly perky ) oh! nervous about the pageant ! yah sure ! she kiss a photo and giggle . CUT to : dressing room - hallway close on becky hold a sequin - cover poodle skirt and sweater . becky there be eight thousand sequin and fifteen hundred bead on the skirt , alone . my mom and Mrs. Lopez make it . she 's one of my father 's many mexican ( me'hee ' kan ) worker he lift from the poverty they know in Mexico ( me'heek ' koe ) . CUT to : dressing room - hallway close on amber atkins at the far end of the counter . amber yah - my mar 's clothes all melt onto mine form like this big polyester meteor in we closet , y'know ? but , in some kinda weird miracle , we neighbor boy , Kenny johanson , find my tap costume on the roof - a they trailer while he be settin ' coon trap for he dad . here 's the weird part . it be still on the hanger . dressing room - hallway close on tess weinhaus wear " I love german shepherd " sweatshirt , stand beside various trinket . tess and , uh , this be my lucky bolt . they think it fall from a DC - 10 . the doctor say I be lucky the flat side hit I , um , otherwise it coulda go right through my head . ( hold up red tap dress ) I know , I know , give I the willy , too . I guess the explosion ... janelle betz , wear a flow , nymph -like dress with ballet slipper , glide up to amber . janelle ( slow , due to signing ) amber ? can we switch number ? I need to go first . ( smile to camera ) my cousin just have a deaf baby and I get to go see it ! amber yah -sure , eight 's my luck number anyway . Diane sawyer be number eight at she local . janelle thank you . int . high school - gym - day on stage " through the eye of Love " play as janelle perform she interpretative dance while signing the word . in the f.g. , gladys appear very serious . gladys ( loud whisper ) I will be honest . this be a hard time for I . this be the part of the pageant when you realize that tomorrow night , all but one of this girl will walk out of here a loser . it 's hard for I to know how that must feel , but I be sure it do not feel good . in b.g. , a big stage light fall on janelle 's head . crash ! gladys and camera rush the stage . " through the eye of Love " continue throughout . ext . loretta's trailer - porch - that night a very shake amber pace . amber do not you get it ? I be suppose to go first . I be contestant number one . that light be mean for my head . if janelle have not want to change number ... God , I owe my life to that deaf baby . Loretta enter , portable phone and drink in hand . loretta that be you mom . she want you to have this . amber ( take drink ) really , Loretta ? loretta ( avoid eye contact ) you -betcha . amber my mom want I to have this ? loretta oh , shut up . I think it might help you get some sleep . amber Loretta , never have kid . loretta well god-love - ya for thinkin ' I still could . Loretta pull a bag out of a closet and hand it to amber . loretta ( cont would ) here , you mar do want you to have this since you other one get toast and all . amber pull out a elegant GREEN gown . amber oh...my ... God ! it 's just like Diane sawyer 's ! k course it 's not a size ten , Diane be a little hippy back then . oh , thank you ! thank you ! thank you ! she hug Loretta . ext . / int . high school - MAIN entrance - night super : night of the pageant banner : " welcome to the mount Rose american Teen princess pageant , sponsor by Sarah Rose cosmetics . " the entire town be excitedly enter . close on Mr. and Mrs. Howard and they daughter Tina , who 's embarrassed and continue to rant as they pass . all three wear t-shirt with molly face on they . mr. howard mrs . howard go Molly ! go! number one daughter ! behind they Leslie Miller 's boyfriend , PAT , and a group of rowdy guy approach . PAT whooo ! Leslie kick Teen princess ass ! go musky ! int . high school - gym - day stage be dark . crowd take they seat . you can feel the electricity . we hear the tape of a drum roll . spotlight hit center stage . gladys enter wear a gaudy gown , take mic . applause ! gladys welcome , welcome . okay , alright , now . be this for I or the gown ? laughter and applause trail off . gladys ( cont would ) welcome to the mount Rose american Teen princess pageant . while every contestant you will meet tonight be special and unique , they all have one thing in common . they be all " proud - to - be - a - american ! " Wild applause ! jazzy patriotic medley tape . gym door fly open and like a felliniesque Vegas review , contestant enter wear gowns and U.S. monument headdress . they struggle to maintain balance as they dance , move only they arm , on stage . CUT to : Becky , whose head be build like another president into mount rushmore , be first at the mic . ( the " dance " continue behind each contestant as she step up to the mic . ) becky I choose mount rushmore , because to live in a country where you can take a ugly old mountain and put face on it , face of great Americans , who do so much to make we country super great , well that make I - Rebecca leeman - proud to be a american ! int . high school - gym - montage a montage of open number introduction on lisa swenson wear a statue of Liberty headdress . ( it 's a barbie doll that hold a unlit birthday candle . ) lisa live in a country where Lady Liberty keep she flame burn bright . she reach up with a lighter to light the candle . it 's hard to reach and will not light . lisa ( cont would ) keeps she flame burn bright ... int . high school - gym - montage on leslie miller as she seductively stroke the side of she Washington monument headdress . leslie the Washington monument ... guy whoop and cheer o.s. leslie ( cont would ) ( enjoy this ) .. make I , Leslie Miller , proud to be a american . int . high school - gym - montage on amber atkins with a map of the U.S. headdress , dance up to the mic . amber live in a country where no matter who you be or where you come from , you can grow up and become what you have always dream of , make I , amber Atkins , proud to be a american ! int . high school - gym - montage on molly howard wear a Atomic blast at Hiroshima headdress . molly Atomic power make I , Molly Howard , proud to be a asian - american . as she step away from the mic , tess weinhaus , wear a huge ball of twine headdress , dance up to the mic . tess uh , this , uh , my uncle phil 's World 's largest Ball of twine , in Bundy Minnesota , make I , um , it make I proud I be american - I kinda misunderstand the assignment . the ball of twine fall to the floor and roll off the stage , still attach at one end to she head . backstage - dressing room pandemonium ! contestant change into they " physical fitness " outfit . ( t-shirt with red flag , short ) Civil servettes try to help . a large picture of janelle betz sit at she counter space . Iris okay , okay ! listen-up . coupla note from last night 's dress rehearsal . ( off clipboard ) number one , gladys say a coupla yous be gettin ' sexy with you hip durin ' the " physical fitness " routine ... amber oh my God ! my-my tap costume 's go . commotion stop . Becky continue to get ready . Iris uh , amber ? we be not puttin ' on we talent costume . you need to put on you " physical fitness " outfit . and let 's shake a leg , lady . amber no , wait . it - it be here before the openin ' number ... wait . what be I sayin ' ? I should just ask you , Becky . where be it ? Becky freeze , stare dagger at amber . becky what ? amber you hear I . where be it ? the other contestant slowly clear a path between they . becky if you be gettin ' at somethin' , you better just say it . amber I just do . becky well then , you better be willin ' to back it up , kcause you be talkin ' like crazy . they start to slowly circle each other - a cat fight 's brewin ' . amber oh-oh , you bring I some of that snotty attitude , Becky - bring it on . becky well , as my mother say at Sunday dinner , " come and get it , " bitch ! amber oh , I will " get it . " I will " get it " all right . I might even take second . they be move ever closer ... becky if you want second , then I will make sure it 's hot enough for ya . amber bitch ! Iris ( step between they ) Girls ! Girls ! becky give I you stringy - ass hair ! amber I will get you ! crew guy ( o.s. ) ( barely audible ) oh God , do not stop kem now ... becky you be choke my , you fuck bitch ! Iris ( put hand over camera ) y'know , I - I do not think yous boy should , uh , should be in here while the girl be changin ' . amber I hate she ! Iris we all do . now let 's go . int . high school - gym gladys be center stage . gladys yah - so how kbout a big round of applause for last year 's mount Rose american Teen princess , in a farewell performance . who could forget she lip - synching to " do not Cry out loud , " by Melissa Manchester . and here she be , Mary johanson ! applause ! gladys exit . tape music " it 's my turn . " a nurse push mary johanson out in she wheelchair , complete with portable oxygen . Mary wear a gigantic black wig and silver gown which hang off she boney body . she move she lip to the word as the nurse push she emotionally around the stage . ext . gymnasium - hallway contestant , in " physical fitness " outfit , wait outside the double door , hold freshly paint red , white and blue step ladder . Becky and amber stare at each other from opposite end of the line . Iris all right , why do not we take up the stepladder , all right ? for the physical fitness number ? becky ( pick up she stool ) they be wet . lisa hey , my hand be stick . molly ( sniff ) uh , I be kinda dizzy from the fume . Iris well , hold kem away from you so it do not get on the outfit . ( turn to servettes ) what kinda mental retard paint step ladder the morning of a pageant . on stage hank be be pull off stage by harold . gladys adjust she dress , frazzle . hank ( under throughout ) here come the judge - pinch , pinch - here come the judge - pinch , pinch - here come the judge ... gladys get back ! get back , you total retard ! loretta go hank ! gladys I be okay , I be okay - dress be fine . I be okay ... well , we other judge be Jean kanga and John dough ... ext . gymnasium - hallway Iris and servettes go in the gym as chloris klinghagen come out . chloris ( loud whisper ) open number look , uh , good . solid . but now you be gonna have to actually dance , so ... ( hold up jar of vaseline ) here . put a dab of this on the old chopper , lady . it will help you smile . and when they be lookin ' at you tooth - God willin' - they will not be lookin at you foot . chloris give amber the jar and exit . from the gym , we hear tape patriotic music . contestant cheer and run in . " physical FITNESS " routine - patriotic music as cut of patriotic dance move progress , the girl have more and more red , white and blue paint smear on they clothes , arm and leg . amber 's clearly the best . tape music end . contestant , cover with paint , strike a final pose - sit on ladder , stand , kneel . applause . backstage - walkway contestant wait anxiously as they pass a can of turpentine and a rag to remove paint from they arm and leg . becky hurry up . leslie okay , guy , I think we all get some . you just take it off . amber here , I do not get any . leslie here , have some . michelle Hand I another white one . lisa listen , you guy , do not go int the bathroom . tess blow chunks all over . man , she eat a big dinner . becky maybe she shoulda shove that lucky bolt down she throat for desert . Becky storm off . amber ( sotto , to other girl ) and the winner of the " Spirit " award go to ... Girls laugh quietly . Iris pull a daze and confuse tess - beg wet spot on she shirt - through the shot . int . high school - gym Iris stand center stage , awkwardly hold the mic . Iris ( read from notecard ) " I would like to take you back seventeen year , when a peanut farmer be in the White House , a group - a boy callin ' themselves kqueen ' top the record chart and gladys leeman be gladys Wood and she be mount Rose american Teen princess ! " gladys enter wear sash , tiara and plaid culottes . applause . a slide be show of she at 17 . gladys ( take mic ) thank you , thank you . you know , I win the talent contest by sewing this culottes , butterick pattern 7 - 4 - 3 - 2 . can you believe it ? they still fit ! loretta she have a big ass then , she 's get a big ass now . gladys ( pause for applause ) thank you , thank you . we next eontestant be ready , so let 's welcome she : tess weinhaus ! applause . tess be push on stage . backstage - left amber pace . on stage tess drone on at the mic . tess ( in the b.g. throughout ) the beagle be know for it 's howl . " aaauuuuuhhhh . " the pekinese have it 's own distinctive bark . " yip , yip , yip . " not to be confuse with the Chihuahua 's , " yap , yap , yap . " but none can compare to the great bark of all - the german shepherd ... amber ( to camera , loud whisper ) ... yah - it 's just go ... ( eye welling up ) I mean , I - I just wanna tap , y'know ? I be not sayin ' I be the best , or that I would even win , but should not I at least get a chance to compete ? ( start to sob ) I just want my Mom to see I dance . chloris klinghagen enter , small bag in hand . chloris ( loud whisper ) amber - amber , c'mere . amber please , Mrs. k , I get so much vaseline on my tooth , I be gonna be smilin ' for a year . chloris no. here . chloris pull a simple black leotard from the bag . chloris ( cont would ) it 's nothin ' special , but talent like yours do not need to hide behind sequin . amber Mrs. k -- chloris you be ... you be special and ... ah hell , go out there and kick some leeman ass . amber , overcome with joy , give she a big hug . chloris ( cont would ) not so hard , sweetie . I hear something ' snap ... int . high school - gym on stage : Leslie Miller , in uniform , perform a amazingly sexy cheer as two singlet -clad wrestler wrestle ( one be boyfriend , Pat . ) . leslie Roll he over -- ( clap , clap , clap ) Lay he flat ( clap , clap , clap ) pin he shoulder ( clap , clap , clap ) to the mat ( clap , clap , clap ) Roll he over , lay he flat , pin he shoulder , to the mat ! yeahhhh ! she jump , kick and end with split . applause ! jump CUT to : int . high school - gym - later Michelle johanson be on stage , sit on a stool , wear all black . she smile warmly . then , with one sweep of she hand across she face , she smile drop . she 's dead serious . michelle ( without emotion ) fade in ... Earth . the year be two - thousand twenty - four . the question on everyone 's mind : what be ... soylent Green ? she sweep she hand back across she face and she 's " in character , " pain , near death , and overly dramatic . backstage - left - continuous amber , now in the leotard , talk to Iris . Michelle perform from " soylent Green " in the b.g . amber ( loud whisper ) Mrs. Clark , why be you do this to I ? why be you pretendin ' you do not know what 's goin ' on ? Iris amber , I be sorry . I really be . but you know the rule . all talent costume hafta be okay would by gladys before the pageant . amber but , do not someone take you costume so you can not compete , overrule that rule ? Iris sorry . i- I do not make the rule . amber this , this ... this be bullshit ! Iris amber Atkins ! that be not american Teen princess language ! amber good , kcause this be not a american Teen princess pageant - it 's , it 's Nazi Germany ! amber storm off . Iris ( shaking head ) where do they get this stuff ... int . backstage camera follows amber as she storm over to backstage - right where gladys watch Michelle on stage . amber Mrs. leeman ? gladys ( turn ) huh ? amber I - I be wearin ' this costume . I be , uh , I be gonna do my talent tonight . gladys oh really - I do not think so . ( suddenly aware of camera ) uh , amber , I hate to be the bearer of bad news , but rule state that a costume must be okay would at least a week in advance . and this ... ( point to costume ) this be why we have the rule . my goodness gracious , I could not allow a neckline this low on stage . we have kid in the audience . amber but , you - I mean ... it 's not my fault . i- I ... please ? I do not do anything wrong ... amber start to cry . michelle ( climaxing ) that 's why ... I must say ... ( raise arm upward ) soylent Green ... be ... people . she double over . she 's give it all . applause . gladys oops , that 's my cue . gladys start out on stage as Molly Howard , dress like a red , white and blue cowboy , run up next to amber . she 's twirling toy gun on she finger . molly wish I luck . amber ( drying she eye ) good luck , Molly . one of Molly 's gun fly off she finger . she go to retrieve it . int . high school - gym Molly be line dance , occasionally take " pretend " shot into the air . it 's incredibly repetitive and dull . backstage - carl be " light and SOUND " booth - continuous as billy Ray Cyrus ' " achy breaky heart " plays in b.g. , Carl , the janitor , set plastic army figure on fire with a cigarette lighter . int . high school - gym gladys be center stage . Molly Howard walk off cry , have just finish she routine . polite applause . she 's still spin she gun , again one go fly . gladys thank you , Molly . int . high school / stairwell - dressing area Lisa , top hat , tail , giant " I love NY " button - and other try to console a crying amber . Becky continue sing o.s . lisa ( arm around amber ) oh , amber ... amber ( can not catch breath ) I - I - I - I - I - , j-uh -j-uh - just want to compe-e-e-e-ete . lisa I can not believe this be happenin ' . I can not believe she say you could not ... get a idea , Lisa start to take off she jacket . lisa ( cont would ) amber ? here . amber ( still sobbing ) " here , " wh- wh - what ? lisa my jacket . take it kcause , y'know , I get my costume okay would before the pageant . you can wear it . michelle oh man , Lisa , I would not do this . leslie ( to Lisa ) they be never gonna let you perform naked . I ask . lisa shut up , yous guy . look , amber , I be not gonna win . and let 's be honest , a family only need one " liza " and you know Peter 's get much better leg than I . amber you parent would kill you . lisa oh c'mon , I love kem , but you know they only have I kcause Peter need a kidney . amber lis , I want to , I really do , but ... oh , I can not . lisa then do it for Peter . Mrs. leeman use to call he a " skinny little fag " when he would bag she grocery . he would pop he Nancy -belt if he old jacket somehow , I do not know , get she back . amber yah ? lisa oh-you-beccha . amber hug she and take the jacket . int . high school - gym - stage gladys guide Molly off the stage . gladys now , it 's with overwhelming pride that I introduce contestant number six , who also happen to be president of she class - two year run - a member of the honor roll and the new President of the Lutheran sisterhood gun Club - Rebecca Ann leeman ! stage goe black . spot hit becky , who sit at the edge of the stage , hold a mic . she 's head to toe sequin in she poodle skirt , sweater , saddle shoe , etc . becky ( talk over music ) I do not know how many of you know this , but I have get a very special fella in my life - that 's right , I do ... and if nobody mind , I would like to sing a little song , just for he . spot follows as Becky stand and walk center stage to what appear to be a cover mannequin . tape intro to " I can not take my eye off you . " becky ( cont would ) you be just too good to be true . can not take my eye off of you . you would be like Heaven to touch . I wanna hold you so much . at long last love have arrive and I thank God I be alive . Becky remove the sheet , revealing a mannequin dress like jesus as he appear on the cross : long hair , beard , crown of thorns , loincloth . the arm be stuffed so they move freely . ( hand of stigmata . ) becky ( cont would ) you be just to good to be true . can not take my eye off of you ... Becky talk - sing - a la William shatner 's " rocket man " - and dance around the Jesus mannequin do the jitter - bug , the twist and a slow dance ( he arm on she shoulder ) . during the slow dance , the loin cloth slip and becky must hold it up - giving the appearance of grabbing he crotch . int . high school - gym - backstage Iris approach Lisa who 's give she outfit to amber . Iris c'mon , Lisa . you be up next . lisa I quit . and , uh , since my costume , y'know , be okay would a month ago ? I be givin ' it to amber . amber break a smile . tape music end . applause . gladys , mic in hand , join Becky for a big hug . gladys Boy , I would hate to follow that . wow ! Becky exit , pull the wheeled Jesus behind she . gladys ( cont would ) Voice of a angel , that one . Iris run self - consciously out on stage , whisper in gladys ' ear , then run back off stage . gladys ( cont would ) ... uh , I be just tell that contestant number seven , Lisa swenson , have quite the pageant . crowd react . gladys ( cont would ) well , this thing happen . at any rate , we still have one more contestant - number eight , amber Atkins . gladys exit . a tape hip , hot drum beat start . suddenly , amber glide into CENTER spot . ( now wear Lisa 's costume , sleeve roll up . ) her foot burst into a amazing routine . the loud drum beat seem to fly from she hand and foot as they punctuate the rhythm . there 's no glitz , just unbelievable skill . it appear effortless as she float around stage . like watch Michael Jackson moon walk for the first time , you can not take you eye off she . she conclude , center stage , with the greatest thirty second of her life . the audience go wild ! amber take bow after bow - they love she . gladys enter quickly , mic in hand . gladys ( cont would ) okay , okay , okay ! well , now , it 's finally time to say good - bye to we judge , so they can go make the toughest decision of they life . pan to judge . they look nervous as hell . a relaxed hank sniff from a paint soak bag . int . high school - CLASS room - night judge stare nervously at the camera - clip board in front of they . hank 's loud breathing from the paint soak bag be obviously get on John 's nerve . documentarian ( o.s. ) so who get 's the crown ? how be you go to figure this all out ? JOHN uh , we be gonna , y'know , compare score and uh , figure out a-a winner . k Cause we do not know the winner yet ... I mean , I - I do not know who Jean and harold pick . no idea . do gladys send you in here ? hank I know the winner ! I know the winner ! I know the winner ! JOHN no you do not ! shut you goddamn mouth , you son-of - a-bitch !! nerves shot , John suddenly launch himself across the table at hank . harold wait a second . JOHN you shut it ! you goddamn retard ! hank freeze , then start to wail ! hank ee-aaayeeee-aaaayouiaaaeeeeeeee ! harold come on ! hankey here can not help it if he be bear crazier than a shithouse rat ! hank stop cry and go back to the bag . JOHN for fuck 's sake , why do not ya leave he with a sitter ? hank begin cry again . harold Real nice . you know the sitter 's dead . dissolve to : backstage - dressing room Girls , in gowns , sit in silence . Becky and amber sit at opposite end of the room . there 's obvious tension . leslie so , anyone talk to janelle ? amber yah - I bring she some flower this morning . she 's in the room next to my mom . she 's super happy . Girls ad-lib SHOCK . tess she 's happy ? leslie why happy ? amber ( cont would ) oh -- the blow to she head make she deaf ... Girls ad-lib " oh , I see . okay - then . " etc . another long beat of silence follow . Becky get up to re-touch she make -up . becky ( lose it ) oh , good Lord ! what be they doin ' ? lettin ' the retard count vote ?! contestant stare at she in shock . Iris enter . Iris it 's time , lady . int . high school - gym judge be back . gladys be center stage . Girls enter and form a line behind she . tape american medley start . gladys welcome back , everyone . judge . we second runner - up and winner of a fifty - tape fanfare . Leslie bound forward , grab she trophy , stand to one side . PAT ( o.s. ) you rule , Leslie ! audience laugh . Leslie wave . gladys we next prize , a seventy - five dollar scholarship -- audience ad-lib amazement . gladys ( cont would ) ... will be award to the first runner - up . tape drum roll . contestant ( except Becky ) take hand . Iris give gladys a envelope and trophy . gladys ( cont would ) and the first runner - up be - ( open envelope , face drop ) contestant number eight , amber Atkins . ad-lib audience shock and disbelief . contestant be stunne . amber step forward , humbly take the trophy and stand beside Leslie . audience finally quiet . gladys ( cont would ) and finally , the moment I know I have be wait for ... Iris hand gladys a large trophy and envelope . Mary johanson be wheeled out wear sash and tiara . gladys ( cont would ) with a scholarship of five-hundred dollar , courtesy leeman Furniture , and all expense pay for next weekend when she will be competin ' for the title of Minnesota american Teen princess ... tape drum roll . gladys open the envelope . gladys ( cont would ) we new mount Rose american Teen princess be contestant number - ah heck , she 's my daughter - number seven , Rebecca Ann leeman ! polite audience applause . Becky rush forward . gladys rip the tiara and sash off Mary , place they on Becky . becky oh , thank you so much ! audience Loretta and annette watch on . annette shit . int . high school - gym - stage the elderly man / mayor , from earlier scene , enter and sing to a tape as Becky take she victory walk . elderly man / mayor ( tune of " miss America " ) " here she be , we mount Rose american Teen princess . look at she , do not she look fine . we heart swell big , as we look at she . we mount Rose american Teen princess . " ext . / int . high school - later ambulance pull up . Mary johanson , unconscious , slump in wheelchair , be bring out and put in . amber and Loretta wheel annette out . paramedics put she in , too . annette we be rob . loretta okay . take she purse . amber bye mom . annette we be rob . amber it 's okay . jump CUT to : ext . high school - moment later amber face camera as ambulance pull away . amber oh , Mom 's okay . they be just givin ' she a ride back . she almost blow outta the back of Loretta 's pick - up on the way over . loretta thank God for bunge cord . jump CUT to : ext . high school - moment later amber ( tear up ) ... yah - well , at least , y'know , I get to perform . and Mom get to see I . ( cry ) I guess number eight only work for Diane sawyer ... Loretta put she arm around amber . they walk off as Leslie and Pat approach . leslie hey-hey , I be second runner -up ! whooo ! I get second place ! PAT third . leslie huh ? Lisa pass by with she parent . they look piss . lisa no , it be worth it . amber shoulda win . lisa' father I will tell ya one thing . Peter never woulda pull a shenanigan like that . lisa well , y'k now what , dad ? y'know what ? Peter 's gay ! she run off . her parent stop dead in there track . lisa' father what ?! dissolve to : int . high school - CLASS room - night close on becky's face . flashes illuminate it . with each photo she change she smile and expression . she love this . pull back to reveal two older man , with old - style news camera , flash picture . documentarian ( o.s. ) so , how do it feel to be the new mount Rose american Teen princess , Becky ? older men turn and look at camera , then take out a pen and note pad . becky well , it 's all happenin ' so fast . goodness -gracious , it hardly seem real , y'know ? I mean , I win ! I be the winner ! I be go to State ! gladys she 's the winner and we be go to state . int . mount rose high - girl bathroom - day fry girl # 1 and pregnant fry girl smoke . fry girl # 1 what a surprise . gladys leeman 's finally gonna go to State . and she will probably ride on Becky 's ass all the way to national , too . pregnant fry girl I wonder how she 's gonna fix that one . documentarian ( o.s. ) be you lady go to the parade tomorrow ? pregnant fry girl Nah . I think I be like , due or somethin' . mount rose MAIN STREET - next day beautiful sunny day . lester talk to camera . lester ahhh . beautiful as a whore 's ass today . eh , boy ? in the b.g. , gladys hold a bullhorn , clipboard and point to a large swan float . gladys ( into bullhorn ) hey ! turn that float around . you think a swan 's gonna swim ass first up Main Street ? lester yah - gladys have I order that swan special make from Mexico ( me'hee ' koe ) in case Becky win . I do a lotta business with that people . I always offer to pay kem in taco . ( laugh ) whoo , they love that . ext . mount rose MAIN STREET - later entire town line the road . the Mayor and the leman family stand behind the red ribbon . parade participant be line up behind they . mayor ( into bullhorn ) yah-hello-hello ... shit ! how the fuck do ya work this damn thing , huh ? oh. welcome to we first ever american Teen princess parade - which also happen to be the unveil of we new sewer system ! cheer ! Becky cut the ribbon . more cheer ! mayor ( cont would ) yah - so , while Becky get on she float , then , any question kbout the new sewer ? yah , Clem ? jump CUT to : ext . mount rose MAIN STREET - later the passing parade : - three fat vets , dress as the Revolutionary War trio , hold american , Minnesota and pow / mia flag . - two baton twirlers stand in front of the mount Rose High School Band . they play - way off key . - judge wave from a convertible . hank , in passenger 's seat , struggle to get out . his seatbelt prevent it . - two grungy old clowns smoke impatiently . - two fat white men , dress as Indians , sit on scooter . - fat man drive a riding lawnmower , pull a flatbe with a speedboat and a fishing camp group . - farmer pull a goat with a sign : " milk I for $ 1.00 " - a brigade of tap dance bassoonists . ext . mount rose - STREET harold and hank pull over and park they truck . harold quickly get out , obviously in a hurry , slamm on a pout hank . harold let 's get this straight right now . we would not have be late at all if it be not for you . hank I want to have the big bag of little donut . harold you get nothing , hank , okay ? hank I want to get the big bag of little donut . harold there 's you paint can . the next time you drink window cleaner , I be just gonna leave it in ya . harold rush off for the parade , join other folk carry basket , lawn chair and flag on the sidewalk . jump CUT to : ext . mount rose STREET - back to documentary camera pan over to see gladys help Becky climb on the swan , unaware of camera . in b.g. , documentary crew interview amber and Leslie on they convertible behind the swan float . gladys c'mon , Rebecca , you want it . now get up there . ride it side - saddle if you have to - like a horse . c'mon , now . becky it smell funny . like gasoline . gladys oh for chrissake , everything smell like that in Mexico . becky my dress will reek . gladys listen , little missy , this cost you dad a pretty penny . now get you ass up there and show I some tooth . ext . mount rose MAIN STREET - later amber and Leslie , in gowns , look unhappy as they stare straight ahead , exhaust fume - that appear to come from the swan 's ass - cover they and they old convertible . leslie amber , if I die from this fume , will you be sure to cover the hicky on my neck ? amber yeah ... leslie and the bite mark on my ear ? amber ( slowly turn ) yes ... leslie I know it do not matter , but on my inner thigh . amber yes , Leslie ! ext . mount rose MAIN STREET - later hank rub he head , then angrily get out of the truck , slamming the door on one of the suspender on he overall . he start to walk , but can not , eventually lean out from the truck - only move he arm as if walk . ext . mount rose side STREET - later hank , still stick in the door , be be tease by a group of kide who poke at he with flag and stick . another little kid taunt he with he cotton candy - keep it just out of he reach . hank bat at they like frankenstein and the torch wield townsfolk . ext . mount rose side STREET - later hank , still stick in the door , hold the little kid by the back of the shirt in one hand and eat the kid 's cotton candy with the other . the kid struggle to get away . a few broken flag be scattered on the ground . hank help ... hank ! help ... hank ! help ... hank ! help ... hank ! on swan float . gladys approach . gladys okay , I design the float , you know . and , what 's gonna happen here be that this be go to look like a glisten lake beneath the swan . Iris uh , gladys ? gladys what ! Iris we need more bar ! gladys this be -- what ? Iris enid eat a whole pan ! gladys I swear to God she can not do anything by herself . ext . mount rose MAIN STREET - later amber ( to camera ) oh - yah , this be exactly how I picture it . chokin ' on swan gas . suddenly , like a gasoline soak pinata , it explode ! gladys be throw back . flame . scream . pandemonium ! Becky do not have a chance . she 's a pink taffeta ball of FIRE . the swan 's back eventually collapse take Becky into it 's burn belly . intercut with mr . howard video . gladys watch in stunne silence as she daughter and only chance at State go up in flame . suddenly , she crack ! gladys oh my God ! my baby ! the swan eat my baby ! ( grab at burn float ) ow -ow -ow ! get up , Rebecca ! get outta there ! we have gotta go to State ! oh hot ! ( she scorch she blouse ) oh , damn . I like this blouse . Rebecca ! get up , angel face . time to go to State ! ow -ow -ow ! eventually , gladys try to climb up on the float . Iris pull she off . gladys ( cont would ) get offa I , you cow ! gladys spin and notice the silent crowd . gladys ( cont would ) what be you lookin ' at ? huh ? a whole God damn town of loser ! that 's what I be lookin ' at ! crowd react . gladys notice amber and run up to she car . gladys ( cont would ) you ! you piece - a-shit trailer trash ! this shoulda be you ! damn , I shoulda kill you when I have the the crow react again . gladys spin , notice someone . lester approach . gladys ( cont would ) hey , Ted , sorry . I do not know you family be in the garage when I set it on fire ! lester gladys ! stop it ! gladys guess it be not a garage sale as much as it be a bake sale . ah - hahahahahahahaha ! lester try to pull she away from the crowd . gladys ( cont would ) let go - a- I , you old bastard ! she grab a burning 2x4 off a float and start swinging it . gladys ( cont would ) at least you have get another daughter . crowd gasp . then stunne silence . camera circle gladys and lester get reaction shot of the crowd . lester so help I , gladys . gladys Becky be my only shot at state ! lester that 's enough ! gladys let go ! let go of I . oh my God , it 's cop ! twin officer , follow by " cop " tv crew , run up and aggressively tackle gladys . as the struggle on the ground continue , crew guy go over and shake hand with the " cop " crew - obviously know they . gladys ( cont would ) ( point to lester ) he sell reproduction ! his furniture 's as fake as my orgasm ! the cop crew begin to mingle with the documentary crew . scott hey , man , how're you doin ' ? documentarian ( o.s. ) hi ! what 's up , Scott ? you remember Bruce , right ? scott Long time , no see . documentarian ( o.s. ) Bruce , that 's roy. ( they shake hand ) Roy , Bruce . ext . graveyard - day Lovely hillside . a pastor and town folk - head bow - stand beside a fresh grave . pastor that 's why , dear Lord , it 's with such great sorrow that we turn over to you a young woman whose dream of ridin ' on a giant swan bring about she untimely death . maybe it 's you way of tell we to buy american . ext . graveyard - later the funeral be over . amber , Loretta , Iris and servettes awkwardly face each other beside the grave . Iris take the partially melted tiara from the headstone . Iris as , uh , actin' President of the mount Rose Civil servettes , it 's my duty since Becky can not fulfill she duty - kcause she 's dead - n- all - to make you mount Rose american Teen princess . she put the tiara on amber . Loretta flash picture . male reporter # 1 turn around and let I see . ext . graveyard - later annette , amber ( wear she tiara ) and Loretta be leave the crown ceremony . all be happy as they push a extremely drugge annette out of the cemetery . loretta what be wrong with you ? amber I do not know . I just do not wanna win like this . loretta you stop right there . you be a good person . good thing happen to good people . amber really ? loretta no . it 's pure bullshit , sweetie . you be lucky as hell , so you might as well enjoy it . let 's get you a root beer float . amber okay . loretta do you guy want some shot ? I be buyin' . ext . loretta's trailer - day amber sit on the picnic table . in the b.g. , Loretta exit she trailer with a fed - ex guy . she pat he bun as he exit . she approach amber with a packet . amber ( v.o. ) I never like she , but she do not deserve to die in the belly of a swan like that . the whole thing 's just kinda sad and lame at the same time . loretta ( hand over packet ) this come for you , sweetie . amber ah ! it 's from State ! oh my God ! amber rip it open and hold up a color brochure with colleen and terry in a glamour shot on the cover . amber ( cont would ) ( paging through packet ) it 's all the stuff I get to do . oh my God , oh my God ... okay , okay ... we get a " personal consultation " with a make - up artist -- eeeh ! okay , um , there will be a choreographer to the star and , oh no -- no way . oh ... my ... God ! loretta what ? for chrissake , spit it out . amber I will be stayin ' overnight at ... the Airport Howard johnson ! loretta right by the airport - oh , amber ... amber there 's a indoor swim pool ! ahhhh ! Loretta join in the scream . amber ( cont would ) oh crap - I only get four day . I gotta practice ! ext . loretta's trailer - morning montage begins over music . amber emerge from Loretta 's trailer , pop tart in mouth , book bag in hand . smile . wave . ext . trailer park tap she way down the road , out of the trailer park . int . cafeteria - montage amber scrape trays . pan down . she wear tap shoe , practice she routine . int . hospital - montage - day amber walk around the room in high heel , balance a bedpan on she head . int . mortuary - montage amber dance around the room , use a suit on a hanger as a partner . a naked old man be on the embalm slab , a sheet cover he nasty . ext . loretta's trailer - night in silhouette , amber tap on the picnic table by the light of the full harvest moon . dip to black : ext . airport howard johnson - day white letter on black : " state final " we look up at the tower Howard johnson and see a huge banner which read : " welcome american teen princess , fried clam platter $ 9.99 . " suddenly , a 747 , not more than thirty foot above the hotel , fly over - the sound be deafen . loretta all right , say " Airport Ho - jo . " amber Airport ho- jo ! loretta I get it ! yeah , why do not ya take a Mr. Larson unload amber 's luggage from the hearse . Loretta lean against it , arm around amber , smoking and occasionally flipping off people who stop to stare at this unusual sight . amber Loretta , do not do that . loretta I be sorry . they be just starin' . amber I gotta work with this woman . loretta okay , sweetie , that 's all right . let 's go . let 's go . int . howard johnson - bar area there 's a fake tropical look , with load of plastic palm , etc . camera follows amber into area . banner : " state final - sponsored by the minnesota modeling academy " contestant ( 25 ) sit at table , they seem more mature , more professional . amber smile and give a little wave . Terry approach amber . terry and you be ... amber mount Rose american Teen princess . terry funny , you do not look dead . int . howard johnson - bar area - moment later colleen and Terry address the assemble contestant . super : colleen douglas and terry macey - minnesota american teen princess state board and owner of the minnesota modeling academy colleen okay lady , listen up . I be colleen Douglas and this rave beauty on my right -- terry I be a mirror . colleen correction . this spunky monkey on my right be Terry macey . and we be you Minnesota american Teen princess State board . terry we be also the co-founder of the Minnesota model Academy . application be at the tiki bar . we will wave the fifty dollar application fee if you list a friend and put she address . colleen that 's right . terry okay ? colleen mm-hm . int . howard johnson - bar area Loretta , seat at the bar , put she arm around a man next to she . loretta so ... you be cute . oh , I see you be marry . ( to bartender ) you catch this in you mouth , I will give you a present . all right ? open wide ... ( she throw the olive ) oh , God , you get that on the first try . come here . Loretta kiss the bartender . loretta ( cont would ) you be cute . int . howard johnson - courtyard stage area - day terry due to budgetary cutback - and the fact that national do not cough up a damn nickel this year - you will not be stayin ' overnight . so pay attention , you have get about eight hour until showtime . int . howard johnson - stage area - day a DISCO beat pound from a boom box . Mr. melchoir , the choreographer , watch contestant move in fast - pace crisscross formation . amber be among they . miss St. Paul screw up . mr. melchoir remember to count , lady . Cross on the leave and arm up on eight ! on the beat ! on the beat ! keep on it ! keep movin ' it ! c'mon , miss Forest Lake , take that stick out of you ass or I will . all right . very nice . now come on , arm out . we be in the front row . come on , sell it ! that 's very nice . remember , figure eight , lady ... int . howard johnson - bar area - moment later colleen and Terry smoke and drink at a tall tiki table that 's cover with empty . in the b.g. , a pageant worker pass out pink bag to the contestant . all the while , two fat kide play " Marco polo " in the pool . colleen ( tipsy , hold up glass ) I can sum up we entire philosophy with this glass . I look at it and say , " it 's half full . " which , in the beauty pageant biz mean , " where the hell 's my waiter ! " she laugh hard , then spin around in she chair . colleen ( cont would ) ( scream ) stop with the fuckin' Marco - polo before I rip you fat little head off ! int . howard johnson - stage area - audience chair a very mature miss burnsville talk to amber who be stare at miss burnsville 's supernaturally well - support chest . mr. melchoir miss burnsville , you be up next ... jump CUT to : int . stage area - audience chair - moment later amber sit address the camera . miss burnsville be go . amber do not tell anyone , but , I have a little secret weapon of my own . amber pull out a jar of vaseline from she purse and smile innocently . int . howard johnson - bar area - shellfish buffet - day contestant hungrily fill they plate with seafood . int . howard johnson - bar area - shellfish buffet amber stand beside the buffet , hold only a salad . amber I do not eat shellfish . Mom always say , " do not ever eat nothin ' that can carry its house around with it - who know the last time it 's be clean . " she should know . jump CUT to : int . howard johnson - bar area amber eat at a tall tiki table with miss minneapolis . miss minneapolis ... I have do about thirty - five pageant . I guess my most memorable one would have to be miss Teen America , 1995 . it be in Vegas . my roommate do Adam West . super : mr. west be unavailable for comment miss minneapolis ( cont would ) she say he be sooo horny . amber stare at she with wide - eye disbelief . jump CUT to : int . howard johnson - stage area - day amber watch four contestant in a row practice they talent . all be equally amazing . " theme from 2001 : a space odyssey " start . miss minneapolis step on stage - silver unitard , silver streamer , silver tap shoe . she start a tap routine that rival amber 's. amber ( whisper to camera ) oh my God . look at she , she 's awesome . I should just go home now . Terry and colleen stand in front of the stage . terry okay , okay , that 's enough - I get it . suddenly miss minneapolis freeze . miss minneapolis oh - oh my God ... ( double over in pain ) I gotta go ! she run off toward the restroom . colleen ( call after she ) well , you be gonna have to do something ' with that nerve before national . thirty - million people be not gonna wait while you run to the john . other wait contestant suddenly double over , ad- libbing " oh no ! oh my God ! " " I be gonna puke ! " etc . more contestant grab they belly . news footage : int . howard johnson - more footage female reporter ( hand on earpiece ) today , a beauty pageant turn ugly . a salmonella dysentery outbreak , now trace to improperly refrigerate shellfish , be believe to be the cause . join we now be David Richardson , a member of the documentary crew filming the pageant . he be there when tragedy strike . television set crew guy fuckin ' beauty queen blowin ' chunks everywhere . I have never see anything like it before , and I live in L.A. ( laugh ) hey , Ed . female reporter # 2 can you tell we any thing about the controversy ? be there a controversy here ? have there be sabotage ? follow reporter as she run over to amber , colleen and Terry . all three look daze . Reporters shout question . colleen ( with force sobriety ) people , people - wait , wait a minute , here . uh , while we have not rule out sabotage from neighbor state pageant - Iowa , Wisconsin , North dakota ... terry yeah . colleen dakota . terry Ohio ... colleen that bitch from ... terry what ? colleen Wisconsin . terry all right , then . colleen the bitch . terry the important thing be that we have a winner ... pull back to reveal we be : int . mount rose v.f.w. - bar - night the mayor and other vet , watch amber on the tv . colleen ( on t.v. ) and , on behalf of the Minnesota model Academy , we proudly present amber Atkins . you new Minnesota american Teen princess . the place erupt in cheer ! on tv : Terry set a tiara on amber 's head . flash . mayor yah , be not it just a kick in the fuckin ' ass !?!? I will be a snake 's prick if tragedy and pageant be not get a way of bringin ' folk together ... ( directly at camera ) yous boy tell I when want I to start , okay ? int . high school - library iona amber ?! what - the-hell 's goin ' on around here ? I be mount Rose american Teen princess . where the hell 's my tiara ? I bet that sneaky little jap take it ... int . cafe - continuous - night Cathy and other townsfolk be glue to a small tv set on the counter . female reporter ( on t.v. ) amber , how do you feel ? amber I , uh ... I feel like ... I , uh , I need a shower . townsfolk laugh and cheer . cathy Jesus - mary-n-joseph I hope gladys leeman hang herself in she cell when she hear this . int . women' prison - rec room rough hand held footage . we see gladys walk around , hold onto the back of a large black woman 's belt . gladys uh-huh . no , no . gosh , no . you know I still do not want to be on camera ... super : phone interview with gladys leeman from minnetonka women' facility gladys ( v.o. on the phone ) yah - I just wanna say - that little bitch better watch she back at national kcause I be makin ' friend on the inside ... yah - friend who have friend on the outside ... female prisoner get you sweet ass off the bunk , cinnamon . gladys ( v.o. on phone ) gotta go . click . dial tone . ext . loretta's trailer - day annette ( leave arm 's be amputate and replace with metal pincer which she have not master yet ) sit at the picnic table with amber and Loretta . throughout the follow , annette struggle to open a beer can which keep fly out of she pincer . ( handmade " congratulation " poster cover the lawn and trailer . ) amber I just , I just can not believe it . I be Minnesota 's american Teen princess ! loretta we baby 's go to national ! lincoln , Alabama - look out ! amber I be gonna be on tv ! just like Diane sawyer . annette open a beer with a new hook replace she hand . loretta annette , just use you hand . annette they tell I to practice . amber okay , ready ? here 's the signal I be gonna give ma when I be on tv . amber mime inhale a cigarette and annette embrace she . annette my little Carol burnett . ext . AIR field in the middle of a corn field . the " runaway " be a gravel path cut between row of corn . a four -seater plane be on the runway , in front of a group of town folk with hand - make " good luck " sign . amber ( in Minnesota sash and tiara ) and the Mayor stand beside the plane . ( note : the plane never move . ) ext . AIR field - later mayor ( into bullhorn ) here she be , Minnesota 's american Teen princess - soon to be the next America 's american Teen princess - we little amber ! zoom in on amber as people cheer amber on . dissolve to : ext . sarah rose cosmetics , nat'l headquarters - day a giant Sarah Rose cosmetics logo on the wall greet amber . super : sarah rose cosmetics national headquarters , lincoln , alabama . the contestant , include amber , look around for the directory . it read : for lease . a sign at the front of the building read : seize . super : in its fiftieth year , sarah rose cosmetics be seize by the IRS for tax evasion ... as the camera catch the reaction of we contestant - super : the sarah rose cosmetics american teen princess pageant be canceled ... we stop on miss oklahoma . she scream super : ... permanently ext . sarah rose cosmetics , nat'l headquarters - day as the contestant run out the building ... super : but in its passing we be inspire by the spirit of the many young women who be its heart and soul ... contestant throw and hurl suitcase and item through the glass of the building . super : ... and by the many who give there live in pursuit of the title ... the contestant tear down the Sarah Rose logo . dip to black : ext . chaska school of beauty a very perky Leslie Miller , with very big hair , stand out front in a white lab coat . she smile and wave to camera . super : leslie miller entered " the chaska school of beauty " ... ext . strip bar - night a color photo of slightly less perky Leslie , wear go - go boot and a smile , dance in a cage . super : she be last heard from somewhere in the philippine . if you see her , please call 1-800-x -queen . dip to black : int . / ext . hardware hank it 's a lovely shot of the front window super : harold vilme died unexpectedly of lyme disease from a deer tick bite suddenly , hank , buck naked , run back and forth past the window , spanking himself and wave " hi . " super cont : leaving hank the store dip to black : ext . mount rose - STREET molly howard be be help into a van with " Lutheran Children 's orphanage " paint on the side . she look sad . super : molly howard return to the " lutheran children' orphanage " after her parent be gunned down by a sniper outside the food shack . int . room - day close up of a newspaper photo of gladys . super : gladys leeman entered a state - wide prison beauty pageant ... the banner and hat she wear read : minnesota 2 nd place , cell block super : ... she come in second . insert : newspaper headline " ex - beauty queen escape prison , vow " revenge on mount rose " ext . MAIN STREET - food shack gladys , wear Army fatigue and brandish a semi - automatic rifle aim at the food shack , hold off a s.w.a.t. team . gladys come on out , you little blonde piece of trailer park trash ! local newscast female reporter be on the scene of the gladys leeman stand - off outside the food shack . we see amber , annette ( with hook hand ) and other town folk behind she , watch the action . " live " flash on screen . super : during the six - hour gladys leeman stand -off female reporter we be here in the sixth hour of a shoot - out between gladys leeman - man at food shack get down ! the female reporter suddenly stiffen and fall over . super : local reporter PAT mile be struck by a stray police bullet . amber step under the police barricade , over Pat 's body , take the mic and continue the newscast . she 's a natural . amber this be amber Atkins report live from the food shack for ... krlh News . one of we reporter have just be shot . super : amber , showing amazing poise under pressure , be give her job . dissolve to : int . minneapolis news station amber , now look like a midwestern news anchor , sit with a blond male anchor . a logo in b.g. read : tv wazb twin city . blonde news anchor I be Peter aitchison . amber and I be amber Atkins for wazb News . super : ...was give she job . amber ( cont would ) good night . as they smile and laugh , we : fade out .