drugstore cowboy by Gus Van sant & Dan yost story by James fogle final shoot script Avenue entertainment 9/10/88 - 12100 wilshire Blvd. suite 1650 Los Angeles , CA 90025 ( 213 ) 442-2282 9-10-88 int . car day a overhead view of bob hughes lie down in the back seat of a 1968 cadillac . he be look up at the ceiling of the car , at the camera , and he feature be change this way and that , sometimes eek out a giggle or a inspire laugh , look like some sort of wire druq addict with thought racing by too fast to interpret by he feature . bob' voice I figure I be qualified to write a book , if I could ever sit down long enough in one place to do it . it would be title , a dope fiend 's guide to drug store , or something like that . close view of Bob 's face and shifting eye . bob' voice and in it the curious reader would find flight of fancy , gem of creativity , artistry , and yes even honest - to - goodness poetry . of course it would have a lot of the standard stuff , like pick lock ... ext . pharmacy # 1 rooftop night ae Bob saw a hole in the roof of a close pharmacy . bob be voice + '' .0r saw hole in roof . yeah , saw hole , I like to do that . when work away with hand drill and saw and such , I even think of myself as a half - ass carpenter . int . car day close view of Bob 's face in the back seat of the cadillac . he crack a smile and wink absentmindedly . int . pharmacy # 1 night ak Bob find all sort of prescription drug behind the counter of a close pharmacy . 8a 9-10-88 2 . int . car day ** bob yeah , I think we will give it the old beaver shot this time . up in the front seat , he partner know he be not expect a response . there 's dianne , nadine and rick , and all be use to Bob be in he own little world there . ( allow time for voice over history of each character , like : there be dianne . she would not tell a cop shit even if she have a mouthful . ) ext . portland oregon CITY STREET day ae ext , portland oregon itt one the car pull over to a curb and push other car away make room for they getaway . Bob get out first and casually walk down the sidewalk as if window shopping . a old woman walk she poodle approach . bob Nice day , huh ? then Bob smile at the old woman . int . penitentiary day Long shot of Bob walk down hallway with guard . jail bar slide open in front of Bob . he be smile that same smile . ext . STREET day Bob walk through glass door into a pharmacy . int . pharmacy # 2 day close view of rx sign , Bob step neatly past the checkout counter and take a look at veterinary supplies ona shelf . dianne enter the pharmacy . - the next person to enter the pharmacy be nadine , not long out of she teens , she blouse be scanty and she skirt stop well above the knee . 9- 10 - 88 3 . the FOURTH member of the group enter , rick , the muscle . nadine proceed down the store 's main aisle and stop at the perfume counter . Rick take a post near the entrance pretend to look through the get well card . dianne be engage in a over the counter conversation with the druggist . she have a pack of gum in she hand . dianne do you have wintogreen gum ? why do not you have wintogreen gum ? druggist no , mar 'am , I do not believe that we carry it . dianne could you order it ? druggist ma'am ? Bob give the signal to dianne who be peer over she sunglass , then scratch she rear , signal nadine who go into she act . rick help ! this lady be have a seizure . she might swallow she tongue ! nadine scream and fall backward against a low display case , leave she body arched to make the most of the fact that she 's wear a very short skirt . she begin to convulse and jerk , try to mimic the symptom of a epileptic seizure . view of the druggist 's eye , and they be take special notice of nadine 's torso ; he bound over the counter to nadine 's rescue . Bob make he move , quickly ducking behind the vacate counter and drop to he knee . moving view of Bob scoot along , look for any drawer or cabinet with a lock . midway along the counter he find what he be look for . he spy a drawer and open it . dianne , spying a checkout girl on she way to the action , cough a signal to Bob to hurry up . Bob respond to dianne 's cough and scurries back down to the end of the counter and peek around to see if thing be safe . 10 9-10-88 bob' view . the checkout girl be help the druggist with nadine . Bob be satisfied that it be safe , and scurries back to the drawer . he straighten up to he knee and begin rifling the content . the sweat be stand up on he forehead . his hand start to shake and he knee quiver and jerk as he scoot back down the aisle around the pill shelf and into the back room . dianne begin to start another coughing fit as the druggist be on he way back behind the counter go to the phone . Bob try the back door but it be lock . now the druggist be in Bob 's sight and he have to operate on the back door to the druggist 's back . Bob quietly pull out a screwdriver and smoothly take the lock door off the hinge , very quietly , and leave the back room . dianne ( to the counter girl ) Excuse I ... be you too busy to take this money for some cough syrup ? the counter girl , hold nadine , look at dianne like she be crazy and dianne smile for the benefit of all the surrounding customer , and quietly leave . view of nadine arched over the low display , and hearing a distant ambulance siren , she sit up , rearrange she clothing and hair , try to look embarrassed , deftly disengage the hand of the counter girl hold she , and walk out the door . she be follow by Rick . the druggist and the checkout girl stand in amazement as they leave . we see the druggist 's have a nag suspicion that they have be have . ext . STREET day dianne lean into backseat window to kiss Bob and then enter the driver 's side of the cadillac . int . car day - Bob be in the back seat lie down . dianne how would we do ? bob so , 80 ... 11 12 9-10-88 dianne start the engine and nervously tap the steering wheel with she long taper fingernails . dianne I wish they would get a move on , I have tell they and tell they to get the hell out once we have make we goddamn move . fuck I blue ! Bob raise up enough to look out the back window . bob for christsake , dianne , watch you language . who in the hell do you think you be , ma barker or somebody ? dianne just who in the fuck do you think you be , my father ? if you can cuss , so can I goddamnit ! Bob sit up and keep look out the rear window , and spot Rick and nadine casually strolling down the sidewalk , hand in hand , toward the car . ext . car day Bob open the door of the car and call out . bob come on , come on , I say walk not crawl . Rick and nadine take they place in the car next to dianne . int . car day nadine you say walk and that 's what we do , walk , can not we do nothin ' right ? bob yeah , I say walk , but I do not mean you have to window shop all along the way . Rick grin . dianne pull out of the parking place . bob anybody get a outfit up there ? dianne turn completely around , disregard traffic . dianne goddamnit , Bob , why do you have to fix in the car ? can not you wait until we get home like everybody else ? 9-10- 88 bob shut up and watch you drive . Bob sit up a bit and look out the window of the car , like a little kid with he nose press against the glass . bob' voice over after any kind of drug haul , everyone in the crew indulge to the utmost . I laugh to myself as I picture blue or dilaudid in such great amount that the spoon would literally be overflow . upon enter my vein the drug would start a warm itch that would surge along until the brain consume it in a gentle explosion that begin in the back of the neck and rise rapidly , until I feel such pleasure that the whole world sympathize and take ona soft , lofty appeal . everything be grand then . you worst enemy , he be not so bad . the ant in the grass , they be just do they thing . everything take on the rosy hue of unlimited success , you could do no wrong . as long as it last , life be beautiful . dianne have be riding in the front seat swear at the traffic quite liberally , and a few choice four letter word drift into Bob 's quiet musing in the back seat . bob ( to dianne ) Boy what a bitchy group ! fuck this , and screw that , dianne , what kind of a example be you set for the youngster anyway ? dianne take she eye off the road , turn to Bob . dianne you be goddamn lucky that I have to keep my eye on the road . . . bob keep you eye on the road then . dianne .» . .and the steering wheel in my hand because otherwise you would be a good candidate for strangling . bob well it do not look like you be do that great a job of keep you eye on the road . 13 ext . STREET day the cadillac drift effortlessly through a red light . 13a 13b 14 9-10-88 ext . apartment day the car slow to a halt in front of the josephine apartment . Bob can be see peek out the back window of the car . int . car day Bob turn around to see the rest of the crew . bob now , everybody . just act cool . it 's like we have just come back from church . this be Sunday morning , we should make it believable . ext . apartment day the car jump excitedly over a bumpy drive and squeal it 's tire a little as it make its way to the back of the apartment building . bob' voice for some reason , every dope fiend in the area could tell if you be hold . across the street , david , a long haire hippy about twenty - one year old , sit up in a easy chair on the porch of he house , as if he just wake up . bob' voice the hanger on , the rip -off artist , that be . not the cop . they could not smell a dead rat two foot away . but the damn dope fiend snitch could . at this point David do look a little like he be sniff the air as he put on a shirt . bob' voice it do not make any difference how careful you be . they could sense it . they could almost smell it . David make he way down the step of he porch and see : Bob , nadine , Rick and dianne skip from the car quickly into they apartment . bob' voice they could tell by the way you drive in the yard , by the way you hurried into the 15 9-10-88 bob' voice ( continue ) apartment , and if you make a study , careful approach , they could sense it even more . there be just no way to improvise that disgust sick feel of come home with nothing . int . apartment day the four sit around a coffee table that have fast food , take - out soft drink cup on it . Bob be fishing out the drug . rick give I a blue . bob nadine ? nadine ( shrug ) give I the same , I guess . bob ( smile ) no , I do not think so , nadine . nadine why not ? dianne bring she head up and look right through nadine . dianne nadine , you can not shoot no goddamn blue . give she half of one , Bob , that will keep she in the crapper all afternoon . nadine ( fight back ) goddamnit , I be in there just like you , I ought to get the same as everyone else , even if I can not shoot it all right now . I could save it , or maybe sell it and get I a few thing . bob well , nadine , I 'l ] tell you , that just be not the way thing work around here . you do not do shit . all you have do be shag you twat , and that be not nothin' . it 's I that 's take the big risk . what be they go to bust you for , have a fit in a drug store ? 9-10- 88 9 . 15a ext. / int . apartment day cr David be walk across the lawn toward the apartment . nadine well , how about dianne , she be not do nothing either ? dianne do not give she a damn thing . kick she ass out in the street where we find she . bob no , no fair be fair , you want you fourth , you get it , nadine . but I be not take on no apprentice and give they a full end of my thing . you take it and get out . at this , nadine look confuse , like she do not know what she want . rick goddamn you , nadine ! take you half a blue and shut up , shoot it and go puke awhile . a knock sound on the door . quickly dianne scoops up all the bottle and run for the ~~ bedroom . Bob draw a forty - five automatic pistol from under the couch cushion . holding it at arm length point at the floor , he approach the door 's peephole . view through the peephole . Bob recognize the intruder . bob what do you want , David ? david I just want to see you for a minute , Bob , let I in . bob you alone ? david Hell yes , I be alone , what would you think , I bring my rat-face granny along to hold my hand ? nadine and Rick be stand as if glue to the floor . bob you , nadine , pick up that spoon , outfit and cr that glass of water . Rick you get you goddamn gun out and get in the bedroom and back I up . 9-10 -88 10 . both Rick and nadine jump at he order . Bob open the door and point he cocked gun at the long-haire dishevel young man . david what the hell , pard , you finally go completely crazy or something ? David smile at the ritual . he slowly step into the apartment and look over Bob 's shoulder to see Rick 's arm and gun protrude around the door jam of the bedroom . then he carefully take off he jacket , swirl around like a ballet dancer do a swan number and relax on the couch in a half sit and half lie position . david what be you hold , pard ? bob I be not hold shit , David . Bob lower he gun and try he best to look innocent . bob I be just think of drop by you place to see if you have get any speed . David smile . david well , I get some speed . David laugh , embarrassed somewhat . bob what kind of speed you get ? david methadrine crystal . bob ( grin ) you know what , David ? you could have little ball of shit wrap up in that little cellophane bag of yours and you answer would always be the same , methadrine crystal . david no , Bob , really , this be good stuff , clear right up in the spoon , no residue , hair-raise flash , here , you try one on the house . 16 9-10-88 il . Bob be skeptical . bob okay , how much you get on you right now ? david ten gram . Bob look to the bedroom . bob okay , just a moment , I get to talk to dianne first . int . bedroom day xe Bob enter and find dianne straddle the window sill , still clutching she armload of small bottle . she have hear everything in the next room and show dissatisfaction with the way thing be turn out . Bob grin at she sheepishly . bob how about some speed , baby ? the man say that he 's get methedrine crystal . dianne what do you want that goddamn speed for ? you know how ringy it make you . it turn you into a different person , Bob , and I do not much like that person . Bob hold out he hand , palm up in the age old gesture , as if to say , " oh , what the hell , one more time be not go to hurt anything . " and Bob 's voice take on the excitement of a small boy in a candy shop . bob baby , listen to I , what night be this anyway ? it 's Sunday , right ? how about we get some speed , see , and then we will all jump in the car and get that big fat pharmacy . you know how this thing go . when you be hot , you shoot the work , when you be cold , you lay off a bit . well right now I be hot , baby , I be so hot I be burn all over . dianne alright , buster , 1£ you be so goddamn hot why do not you lay I down on the bed and make love to I right now ? Bob turn away in disgust . 17 18 19 9-10-88 12. bob oh crap , you know what I mean , dianne . I be hot to steal . we can do that any goddamn time . Bob move away quickly and slam the bedroom door . bob for Christ -sake , you get to bring up crap like that at a time like this ? Bob look around as if try to spot the answer to he problem . int . apartment live room day Rick be still hold the gun , but not point it at David , they be all listen to Bob and dianne 's conversation , int . bob' bedroom day bob so , okay , I be not be do so good in that department . what do you want I to do ? I be hook baby , I be not like a woman . I get to be the one that get it up first . all you do be think about sex , you pervert . dianne draw she outside leg back over the window sill into the room . dianne Hell , how much goddamn speed you go to get off that creep ? be sure to get enough for all of we . and do not you ever call I a pervert again or I 'l ] cut you fuck heart out ! Bob relax and grin . bob I know you will , baby , I know you will . int . live room day ek Bob enter . david you get any blue ? 9-10-88 13 . bob ( look perplex ) Hell no , I be not get no blue ! you know how hard it be to pick up blue this day ? david how about dilaudid , you get any sixteenths ? bob ( eyebrow go up again ) Hell no , if I have sixteenths , you think I would be sit here rapping to you about some shitty speed ? now how about some morphine . I get some good old morphine . david what would you get , man , morphine sulfate , quarter or halve ? bob yeah , man , ( lapsing into black jargon ) I get quarter and halve . it 's get a little atrophine in it , but . just take you a little old ink blotter , lay the tablet out on they in row , place one drop of water on each one and the atrophine ease right off into the blotter and you be home free . throw the little feller off in the spoon and you be raring to go . david you be crazy , man , I can not even read a stop sign when I be on that crap , my eye go so far out of focus . I be not trading no uptown crank for no downtown trash . bob well you know how it be this day , David . that 's all I get and all I can give . david bullshit , bullshit , bullshit , if you do not have nothin ' more you would not be even trading off that . you think I be dumb , man , but I be not as dumb as you think . bob ( shrug ) what can I say . David fuss and fume and head for the door . Bob just grin at he . bob too bad we could not do business , pard . 9-10-88 14 . at the last second David turn from the door . david okay , man , how many quarter grain of morphine you go to give I for that ? bob I will hit you with nine quarter per package , and that 's just because I be feel good and because you be a real standup dude . I will even throw in a ink blotter . how 's that ? I will ] take all ten quarter from you . dianne come from the bedroom and lean against the door jam . david you want ten , so okay , you get ten . that 's nine apiece , nine time , ten , let 's see , that 's . .. bob seventy -five . nadine that 's ninety , Bob . if look could kill , nadine be dead . david yeah , that 's right . ninety . dianne give they all a look of complete disgust and head for the bedroom to get the pill . David sneak a glance at nadine . david how much you want for she , Bob ? bob huh ? david how much you want for she , man , the female , the fox . Bob turn he pistol on nadine while he address David . bob you know what , sport ? I would kill that girl right here before I would sell she to you . what would you think I be some kind of closet pimp ? I never hear of such a violation of the right of womanhood in all my life . 9- 10 - 88 15 . David do not know how to react , so he just nod affirmatively to Bob 's question . bob out of curiosity , how many bag of speed would you give for she ? David slump with relief and head toward nadine with he hand extend , ready to feel for himself if all the curve be real . nadine you little twirp . you come one step closer to I and I will knock you block off . David hesitates , draw he hand to he side and turn to catch Bob 's reaction . dianne save the situation by throw the pill on the coffee table . dianne pick up you stuff and go . we get some thing to do . David pick up he stuff and head for the door . david I like she . I might come back sometime and see you about trading for she . bob alright , twirpy . you do that . Rick bolt the door behind David . Bob throw he gun on the couch on he way to examine the goods . nadine be indignant . nadine I be not go to be sell like no pig in the poke to nobody . Bob look up from the speed he be inspect . bob the next time you come to my aid and help I with my arithmatic when it 's unfavorable to we , I will drag you out and sell you to the first one - eye philippino I can find , for whatever he will goddamn give I . even if it 's only a pack of chew gum . nadine turn away and go outside . Rick go after she . ~ 19a 20 9-10-88 16 . bob do not give she no heavy , Rick . we have get work to do tonight . int . drugstore # 2 day lieutenant gentry , trousinski , and a handful of other police be investigate Bob 's work . our view move in close on gentry 's face . ( perhaps he pick up a rabbit 's foot off the floor or be chew on a golf tee . ) ext . apartment # 1 day Rick and nadine be talk . rick listen , nadine . Bob 's one of the best people you will ever run across in you entire life . nadine he ask that twirp how much he would give for I . rick ~~ he be not go to sell you to that stimg , he be just try to teach you a lesson . nadine I be worth a whole lot more than a pack of chew gum , Rick . rick if David have laid a hand on you , he would have regret it , I can tell you that . man do you know what Bob would do for you , or I or dianne or anyone in he crew ? he would literally die for you , nadine . nadine I just can not imagine Bob Hughes die for I , why be that Rick ? rick maybe you do not believe I , but I know it 's true . why do you think he always dive , or be always the first one in with the gun ? the only reason he always try to act so mean be because he 's so soft that he 's afraid you and everyone else will find out and take advantage of he . man I have be hearing about Bob for year . he 's notorious for that one particular thing , along with a lot more obvious talent . do not let he or dianne get you down . they mean well . nadine I just hope you be right , baby . I just hope you ' tre right . 20 a 20b 21-28 29 9-10-88 17 . omit ek ext . apartment night we can see through the window into Rick and nadine 's room as they be talk . we pedestal down and see dianne digging a hole where she place the drug . omit ae int . live room night xe Bob be not about to give in yet . he hide he gun inside a golf bag which be sit in the corner of the room . dianne stand up and wrestle Bob . bob what the fuck be you do ? the goddamn bitch have go completely crazy . what do you want to go to bed for ? man , we ought to be out work . dianne begin to undress Bob , and herself . bob I know this hospital on the coast , I just know be a virgin . I know it be . dianne you be crazy Bob , you know that ? you be not fuck I in a month and you be crazier than a shithouse rat . bob I mean this place have get security zero . dianne we just pull off the best score we have make in month and off you trot look for more . bob I will bet they get blow , mammy , all that hospital hold big time coke . dianne why do not you let I dive next time ? I be as good as you and you know it . I have even hear you tell people that I be better than you be . I be sick of stand around cough and drive the car and not get fuck . 30 31 9-10-88 18 . bob Babe ... dianne you know I , honey , I can not stand to go on forever like this . why do not you roll over and lay down on the bed and just hold I for awhile . bob hold you ? what do you want I to hold you for ? man we ought to get crack , get in the car and see if we can not make it up to that hospital before it get daylight out . Boy you will love this one , dianne . i'11 even let you hacksaw some on the bar . dianne oh , boy , you will let I hacksaw on the bar . whoopee . for christsake , you mean you be not even go to let I go inside ? I think you love I . you will not fuck I and you will not let I go inside . Bob and dianne begin to mess around . bob let 's go on up the coast right now and just look over this hospital 1 for nothing else . I mean , you will just cream you jeans when you see it . it sit way back in the wood . it 's a giveaway , baby . I can actually see that big gallon jug of pill on the shelf . thousands of they , baby , thousand of they . Coke by the twenty ounce jug ! can you imagine twenty ounce of coke ? do I ever tell you about the time we get the hospital over east of the mountain and get the twenty ounce jug of coke ? dianne ( repeat Bob 's last line along with he ) only about ten thousand time . dianne body freeze a the SOUND of the front door ripping away from its hinge , and crash to the apartment floor . four burly narcotics detective come gallop across the down door like a bunch of mustang break out of a corral . gun draw , face tight , muscle coiled , they pair off into two team , two grab Bob and dianne , and the other two knock the door down to Rick and nadine 's bedroom . omit ** omit ** 32 33 9-10-88 19 . int . rick and nadine's bedroom night ae — s—s bedroom night Rick and nadine be also against the wall as the officer look through that part of the apartment . int . bedroom night a k gentry alright you two , you turn around . dianne and Bob comply . gentry get a little droopy there in the tit , be not we , dianne ? by now dianne be relaxed into it . she look at she breast , smile and say : dianne yeah , it 's goddamn Bob 's fault . he will not take they out for exercise anymore . gentry smile . gentry what 's the matter , Bob , you be shoot too much dope again ? seem like the last time we be by here and you be hook to the gill , dianne be complain of the same thing . bob oh , you know how it be , out on the job all day . work , work , work like a dog , man come home , he want to relax a bit gentry I have be hearing about all that work you have be do . we be say the other day , look like old Bob Hughes have finally slowed down a bit . and then wham -bam , you knock off another pharmacy . do not you sort of expect we to drop by ? bob hey , wait a minute , that be not I , pal . I be not hit no poison shop in year , look at.me . do I look like I be use . he do . gentry look like you be hook to the gill . bob you get a warrant , pal ? 9- 10 -88 20 . gentry yeah , I get a warrant , Bob . we put it ona micro dot . I get it paste right on the end of a thirty eight slug . you want to see it Bob ? I will shoot it through , if you will just turn you eve backwards , you can read it when it pass y . bob wow , man , you guy be heavy , what you be read , mickey spillane ? gentry you know what they give little punk like you for holk illegal class a narcotic ? bob what can I say ? I be not hold . let I call my attorney . I be sure he can straighten all this out in a few minute . two other detective , halamer and trousinski , begin to trash the apartment . they reach the golf club in the corner and Bob shake trousinski dump they out on the floor . bob hey gentry , what be you shoot this day ? I get my handicap down pretty good near eight , how about that ? he head yes and look at gentry . gentry eight huh ? bob shot three eagle on the back side alone last time I play mayfield . gentry I do not play that public course , greaseball , that course be for pussy , no wonder you have a eight handicap . bob hey , how be I suppose to play if my club be all break ? be now break they in half . the sympathy play be work on gentry . gentry alright , trousinski , break two more then leave the club alone . 34 35 9-10-86 '' 21 . gentry pause . gentry you have not go out in the bush and bury the drug again , have you dianne ? dianne I do not know what you be talk about . why do not you just go piss up a rope , fuckwad . gentry dianne , what language you use . gentry look to he partner and chuckle . Bob smile smile . gentry I always hear you guy have class . bob I try to talk to she about she language but she still talk like a truck driver . gentry okay , kiddie , here 's how it 's come down . you can just tell we where it 's at and save yourselves a whole lot of trouble or you can sit there with you mouth shut while we tear this apartment apart board by board . now how 's it go to be ? he " what-can- I - say -it 's -out-of-my-hands " bob tear away . this place be rent and insure and my lawyer will no doubt file against you , because , pard , you be not findin ' nothing in this apartment unless you bring it with you . int . apartment night the agent bring in fire axe , they rip clothing . they rip the cushion off the sofa . dissolve to : int . kitchen night dismantle the stove , hack furniture . empty the refrigerator . dissolve to : 36 36a 37 37a 38 9-10-88 22. int . bedroom night clothing rip to little bit , lining of jacket tear out . dissolve : int . live room night unscrew heating duct . int . HEATING duct night flashlight search . int . live room night hack furniture with axe . dissolve to : int . live room dawn Light be stream in the window . huddle in a corner of the live room , the agent go , be Rick , nadine , dianne and Bob . some be show twitchiness of withdrawal . rick you go to sue they , Bob ? I would sue the hell out of they if it be up to I . Bob , who 's head be bury in he arm that be gather around he leg , lift he head up and yawn . bob no . Sue they ? Hell no , I be not go to sue they . I tell you all this crap be rent and insure . what do I want to sue they for ? rick how about we clothes ? bob they rag ? fuck they rag , we can always go out and shoplift some more . shit , I love they cop . Bob think for a few second . bob dianne , call you stupid sister and have she bring we enough clothes to go around . 9- 10 - 88 23 . dianne why do I have to go to the phone like I be ? and just why do my sister have to be stupid ? bob all right , go call you smart sister . dianne I will go make the goddamn call , but you either get to fuck I when I get back , or you get to let I go in that hospital pharmacy with you when we hit it . bob ok , I be a easy rider . 39 int . apartment day ek dianne 's smart sister look around the room in amazement . she touch part of the wreckage . sister good God , what do they use , sledge hammer ? dianne no , fireax . sister Christ I have see tornado down south that do not produce this kind of destruction . . dianne 's sister never really look Bob in the eye , even when she be talk to he she be wander around the room look at some of the damage or look at dianne . dianne I be just read about tornado in the encyclopedia . it 's very scientific , I think , and they be say that they do a lot of damage but they rarely hit the inside of a apartment . sister by the way Bob , what happen to you prick ? it look like it 's point to China permanently . have you be do too much speed , Bob ? bob ( laugh it off ) sister oh boy , Bob , you be really on top of it all today . why do not you just leave dianne , Bob , 40 9-10-88 24 . sister ( continue ) and go join one of that female impersonator club . and then no doubt you would be happy , to have finally find you place in life , contribute to a normal segment of we community . Bob blow up at she . bob get she out of here , dianne , get she out ! and with that Bob hurriedly stride to the bathroom to get out of range of the barrage of insult he know be forthcoming . sister that 's what I always like about old Bob . he just will not stand around to lose . he will run every time , the yellow - belly sonofabitch . she drop the clothing on the litter floor and head for the door . sister Goodbye , dianne , and be sure to call you other sister next time . I have do my good deed for the month . dianne look up from a needle and a spoon she be use to fix with . pull back from this image as dianne feel the drug . dianne yeah , thanks , smarty , sorry I could not be more sociable , but what can one do when one do not even have a chair to offer ? ext . apartment day ( later ) Bob hand Rick the key to the car . everyone be dress in clothes that do not really fit they , in style at least . Bob have a duck -hunt jacket on with a duck sewn on to the back of it , and dianne be wear a bowl shirt . Rick and nadine be dress like a very conservative suburban couple . bob you two take the car and go look for a apartment . rick ok Bob , I will . 40 a 40 B 41 9-10-88 25 . bob do not fuck it up . rick I will not Bob . bob get one over on the west side . we have not hit nothing there in week , so thing ought to be cool over there . rick I will get a real comfortable place . bob okay . do not get a uncomfortable place ... dianne and I will go over to my mom 's in a taxi and get some clothes I leave there , okay ? int . car day ak View of the window of the car , Rick drive , nadine in the frame , look out over the city pass by out the window . int . apartment room day a very skinny man show nadine and Rick a apartment . Rick look out the window like someone may have follow they there . rick we gotta get some shade for this window , maybe some sheet . the man do not pay attention . he be list off the term . skinny man deposit of 150 . Key charge be 10 dollar ... ( pause ) any child ? ext . mom' house_day dianne wince as the door swing open and Bob 's mother gasp , throw she hand to she mouth . bob hi , mom , how're you do ? 41a 41b 9-10-88 26 . Bob hug he mom . mom oh , Lord , it 's my dope fiend thieve son and he crazy nymphomaniac wife . Mom close the door and ... int . mom' house_day Bob 's Mom make she way through a cozy house , a bird ina cage , a television that be on . she stop at a window that be open and Bob be on the other side of it . mom please tell I what I do to deserve this . never know when there 's go to be a knock on the door and someone tell I my baby 's dead . .. int . / ext . mom' house_day Mom shut the window on Bob and dianne . they make they way around the house . other neighbor be look on now . Bob and dianne meet Mom at the back door . mom '' + '' green with a overdose , shot by a mad pharmacist or run down by a car flee from police pursuit . . . why I ? bob Mom , do you by chance still have that clothes I leave here when we get send to the joint last time ? mom no , I give all that stuff away year ago . I think you be never go to get out . bob but Mom , how could you think that . .. mom the first time he get arrest he be a little boy , I go down to the police department , along with that horrible Tom the Priest who turn out to be he pusher , and the cop say they would let he go if he would just tell who the rest of he pal be . he tell I right to my face , " I can not Mom , they 's my friend . " 4ic 41d 9-10-88 27 mom ( continue ) some friend . they leave he . he be a thief and a dope fiend and that be more important to he than I be . he can go to prison . he like it there anyway , do not you Robert ? bob ( nod absent mindedly ) if you say so , mom . Mrs Hughes groan in despair as Bob go inside the house . int . attic day Bob find clothes and a picture of he mom and dad when he be a kid . int / ext . mom' apartment day mom I would ask you to sit down , dianne , but the last time I do that you fall asleep and drop a burn cigarette on my couch and burn a hole in it . so if you please , just stand where you be so I can watch you , and catch you should you fall asleep stand on you foot . I would not want you to burn yourself up or fall down and hurt yourself while you be in my home , dianne . dianne why do you hate Bob and I so , mama ? we never do anything to make you hate we so . mom I do not hate you , dianne , and I do not hate Robert either . and the good Lord know that to be the truth . I truly feel pity for you both . you be grow up now , and yet you still act as child who want to do nothing but run and play . you can not run and play all of you life , dianne . 41e 42 9-10-88 28 Bob emerge with a suitcase fill with clothes drape across he shoulder . mom be there anything else that belong to you up there ? bob if there be , give it away . I can always get some more . mom oh , to be sure , you will just go out and steal some more . bob well , we gotta go , Mom . see you again soon . you be good now . and do not do anything I would not do . mom and what could I possibly do that you be not capable of , I ask you that ? Bob and dianne walk to the end of the drive where the cab be still wait for they and get in the car , Bob a little depressed as he leave he mother cry out she frustration to the neighborhood . the neighbor be listen . mom what sin could I possibly do that you have not do a thousand time ? ext , apartment house # 2 day Bob and Rick walk up the front path to the house . bob hey , Rick , nice work . this look like a fuck comfortable place . int . apartment day Rick , nadine and Bob be in the live room of they new apartment . Bob be turn on the television which be in the middle of the room . nadine do I have to go ? you be not go to want a screamer or a shimmy girl on this one be you ? 42a 9-10-88 29 bob I do not know . why do you ask ? nadine they always get that sign around hospital that say quiet , and if I be to go into that shimmy act , they would probably throw I into the psycho ward and I would never get out . Bob fool with the television and think for a second . dianne have bob yeah , why the hell not . you just go ahead and stay here , nadine . just relax and watch a little tv . I can just see all that pretty color bottle of pill that hospital be hold for I right now . hot Dog ! nadine ( her eye light up ) oh , speak of dog , Bob , do you think Rick and I could get a dog , a little pup or something to hold and pet when you guy be go ? bob nope , no dog , and that 's final . rick what you get against dog , Bob ? bob no fuck dog ! enter the live room . dianne tell they what happen to the last one we have , Bob . Bob stop tuning the tv and sit down try to forget the other be there . bob if you want they to know , dianne , you tell they . dianne well , we have a dog once . . . he name be Panda , cutest little pup you ever do see . .. ext . STREET day view of police car come around a corner . 42b 42c 42d 9-10-88 30 view of Bob and dianne slink around they park car and get inside , but the dog jump out . dianne's voice so what happen be , the police be after we during a raid on a drugstore in the city , and little Panda get out of the car and run away . view of dianne and Bob yell for the dog . dianne's voice we look for he , but there be just no time . we have the heat on we and we have to get out of there . a police car cruise by Bob hide on the other side of he car . int . live room day Bob switch to another show and sit down to watch . bob ++ehell ... dianne we be afraid the 1i1 " dude be hit by a car , but no ... . ext . STREET day the police have little Panda surround on the sidewalk . view of the Police follow he as he walk down the street . dianne's voice the police have he . and they follow he all the way home ... int . flashback apartment day view out the window of little Panda cruise up the sidewalk up to Bob and dianne 's apartment . the police be follow he . pull back the view see Bob look through the curtain . dianne's voice «.- he lead they to we . he assist in the arrest . 9.10 - 88 31 42e int . apartment day bob Dog may be man 's best friend but he really screw I around I will tell you that . on the tv , there be another show with a dog in it . and Bob get right up and turn the tv off , lose he temper . bob ( shouting ) it 's off , we be not go to the coast , we be not go nowhere ! do you know what you have just do to we , nadine , just by even mention dog in we home ? nadine no , I do not Bob , what do I do ? bob you just put a thirty - day hex on we , that 's what . right now we luck just fly out the window for thirty day . have we get a calendar , so we will know when the hex end ? what month be it anyway ? rick Jesus , Bob , nobody tell we about not say anything about dog . how be we suppose to know ? Bob pull himself up into he most put-upon , abuse manner and answer . bob you know why no one mention dog ? i'11 tell you why , because just to have mention they would have be a hex in itself . rick ( sarcastically ) well , now that we be on the subject , be there any other sacred subject or thing we be not suppose to do that will affect we future ? bob as a matter of fact there be a few , and we might as well discuss they right now , be as how we be shut down for thirty day anyway . hat . if I ever see a hat lay on a bed ... you will never see I again . dianne that 's a laugh . pause .. 910 - 88 32 nadine why a hat ? bob because that 's just the way it be , sweetie ! bob and mirror . do not ever look at the back side of a mirror , because when you do you will affect you future because you be look at yourself backwards . actually , you be look at you innerself and you do not recognize it because you have never see that side of yourself before . { Bob be get confuse at he own explanation ) but anyway , you can freeze into motion you future that way and it can be either good or bad , in any case , we just do not want to take chance . Bob breathes for a second . bob and there 's cat . a lot of people be frighten of just black cat . as far as I be concerned they be all bad . have you ever notice how they look at you sometimes , like they be superior to you ? well , that 's because they be . they can readjust you future , especially if you sit on one , or in any way piss one off . so I just stay clear of the whole mess of they . Bob stop for a second again . bob the main thing be just remember the hat . a goddamn hat be the king of they all . it 's worth at least fifteen year bad luck or even death . I would rather have death myself , because I just could not stand no fifteen year hex . Rick and nadine remain silent mull over Bob 's latest erratic behavior . dianne be shaking she head yes , and wholly agree with Bob 's philosophy . dianne relax , Bob , let 's go lay down for awhile . you have be on the go for day . this thirty day be not go to kill we now . 43 44a 44 45 910--88 33 int . bedroom night ae dianne snuggle up next to Bob in bed . Bob have a golf club and mistakenly hit a bedroom lamp . dianne do not let it get you down , Bob . sometimes bad luck can be good luck . I mean look at all the time we either have a flat or engine trouble and make it to you score late , think it be good luck , you know what I mean ? bob Hell , I can not even figure it all out myself . I just know from year of experience the thing to dodge and the sign to look for , like , it be as if whoever manage such thing be tell you , " get out of there and get it , kid , it 's there for the take and everything 's free this week . I will let you know when you time be up . you will see the sign . all you have to do be look for the sign . " ext . neighborhood night overhead view of small dog under porch light . ext . apartment night a small dog bark in the distance , a street light glisten off the dew on lawn of house surround Bob 's apartment . a date model pickup with cab-over camper be park across from the apartment . int . camper night gentry draw back from field glass that he be peer through . halamer , another detective speak up . halamer why do not we just go on up , plant some stuff on they and drag they on in ? that usually work . gentry blink a couple of time to clear he vision and assume a superior pose . gentry I will tell you why , I do not want to get Hughes on no chickenshit possession beef , and that 's all you be go to get he on unless you catch he cold on he way home from a score . 46 47 9 - to - 88 34 gentry ( continue ) ( {halamer nod ) Bob be not really all that bad a guy . he do have a little class and I get to respect he , as much as I hate the sonofabitch . he run in spurt while he follow he luck and when he 's hot he run like a dog and when he 's cold he will just lay up in some rat hole some place and you will never see hide nor hair of he . halamer yeah , you know this guy better than I do . gentry I have be chase Bob since he be a kid and hell , he be a pro back then . I think they get he on he first pharmacy when he be thirteen year old . he know what it 's all about , believe I . he can actually smell heat . he probably know we be sit out here right now . but if he move again , we will be right on he case . halamer take a sip of coffee . halamer what be we go to do in the meantime , just sit out here and freeze we fuck nut off ? int . apartment night a knock come on the front door of Bob 's apartment . the light flash on and Bob be there quickly with he gun , and Rick be ready to back he up . he open the peephole and look out . view through the peephole , a little old lady be stand outside in a bathrobe . bob' expression of confusion . he let 's Rick take a look through the door . ext . door night as it open a crack . bob what 's the problem ? lady well . I live on the first floor of this building ... 48 49 9-10-88 35 Bob keep open the door further , then look from side to side for somebody hide beside the little old lady . lady --- and I be here for twenty year now . I be sorry to bother you young folk like this , do I wake you up ? bob no , we be still up . lady well , I do not know what to think , but I be just get ready to go to bed and I see this sinister look man with a ladder creep around in the bush outside . I wonder if you would be so kind as to go out there and look around and see if he 's go . I be afraid I just could not sleep with one of that crazy sex maniac run loose in the neighborhood . Bob hide a laugh . Rick snicker , but then catch he expression and realize the possible graveness of the situation . bob I assure you , mar 'am , that I will take a look promptly . lady well , thank you very much . goodnight . they shut the door . int . apartment night Bob sit on the sofa and think . nadine bite a hangnail and lean against a wall heater . Rick flexe he muscle for nadine . dianne scratch she head and watch Bob , who be still think on the couch . Bob suddenly jump up . bob well , they must have follow we when we move , so I guess we will just have to teach thema little lesson . ext . neighborhood day Bob be take a neighborly walk around the neighborhood and inspect the house that surround the apartment . 50 a 50 B 51 s1a 52 9-10-88 36 he walk around the truck park across from he house . he notice a large burly man come out of he house with a sack lunch . the man get into a large red pickup outside he house and drive off . int . apartment day xe Bob be write a letter to the narcotic division in print block letter . Rick look on . Bob read the letter outloud as he write . bob the reason you can never get Bob Hughes for possession of narcotic be that he have a arrangement with the guy that life on the north side of he . they have a fishing line run between they house and Bob signal the guy ... omit ak int . coffee shop day ( medium close up ) gentry .... when he want the stuff and the next door neighbor put it on a string and Bob then pull over what he need and leave the rest in the other house where you could never find it . gentry inspect the handwrite of the note , and seem to question it 's validity . dissolve to : ext . bob' apartment day Bob throw fishing line over to neighbor 's house . ext . apartment day the big burly next door neighbor be leave he house again in the morning . Bob be walk toward he from he apartment . his name be gus honeycut , and he be hold another lunch sack . bob say , pal , you live here ? gus ( shift lunch from one side to other ) yeah . 9- 10 -88 37 Bob notice three young daughter watch they father leave for work . bob Nice weather we be have . gus oh , yeah . bob that 's a real sharp pickup that you get there . Gus ( suspicious ) well thanks . s2a int . camper day halamer and gentry spying on Bob and Gus . halamer what d' you suppose he have in that sack , do you think it might be junk ? gentry I do not know . there 's only one thing that I be positive of ..... it 's not he goddamn lunch . 52b ext . gus' house day *e bob say , do you see that fella creep around you house last night with that ladder ? Gus stare at Bob , alarm spread across he feature . bob yeah , well I never would have see the guy neither but about two o'clock this morning I look out the window and sure enough , there the guy be . a big ugly sonofabitch wear a long dark trenchcoat and he 's stand up on top of he ladder and he 's look in you upstairs window . Gus look up at he window , grow very angry and grumble and look like he be about to hit Bob . Gus I will shoot the sonofabitch . i'11 shoot the sonofabitch right in the ball . Bob back up a bit . this be go to go better than he plan . 52 c 52d $ 3 54 9-10-88 38 int . surveillance camper day halamer do you see the way they talk to eachother , all the gesture and such ? they get something go , they be not just casual aquaintance gentry yeah , I can see that . ext . gus ' house day bob wait a minute , hold on a second mister . I do not want no part of no shoot . gus watch I , just watch I . bob I should not have even tell you about the guy . in fact , I think I ought to go right now and call the police . gus listen , you little scrawny sonofabitch , I can handle this myself . if you tell one other person about this I will ring you neck . bob be you threaten I ? Gus no , idiot . I be promise you . Bob turn away and hurry down the sidewalk like he have some place to go . int . surveillance camper day gentry yeah , for a minute there , I think that big guy be go to jump on Hughes and stomp he into the sidewalk . I sure would have like to see that . ext . camper day dissolve from a peaceful daytime shot of the surveillance camper to : 55 56 57 58 59 . 60 9-10-88 39 ext , camper night a serene shot of the camper at night . the same dog bark . int . camper night halamer be sip coffee , and trousinski , a big tough Polish cop be look over the letter , which halamer have show he . trousinski so that 's what 's be go on . what a cozy arrangement . no wonder we can never catch that sonofabitch with anything . he 's always get the neighbor hold it for he . int . apartment night Bob peek out the curtain front window of the apartment and giggle . he close the curtain and do a little funny dance to himself . he double over and make he way , laugh , to the bedroom . omit ** int . apartment night Close view of Bob 's wristwatch , near 12:00 all four be line up in front of close curtain , like a little stage show be go to go on outside , Bob have place chair in a semicircle around the window . he will not let any of the other peek through the curtain , but he regularly do . bob just wait . Bob break into another laugh fit . nadine get upset and get out of she chair and go to the bedroom . int . house night Gus honeycut sit in a rock chair upstairs in he 61 62 63 64 65 66 9-10-88 40 daughter 's bedroom with a twelve - gauge automatic shotgun lie across he knee and low - wattage dresser lamp casting a dim light out the window . ext . house night halamer and trousinski ( also know as the strangler ) tip -toe across the lawn quietly . they peer up at the curtain window in Bob 's house . view of Bob 's window , and then of the uncurtain one next door . halamer and trousinski whisper , but we can not hear they . carefully they raise a ladder they be carry and lean it against the side of Gus ' house . this cause a muffle thump . int . house night Gus hear the thump outside and start down the stair to see what the sound be . omit ext . house night as halamer climb , the strangler hold the ladder . int . apartment night Bob pear through the curtain . from where Bob be he can see the ladder , halamer , trousinski , and Gus racing down the stair and out the front door . ext . house night Gus see the stationary target at the bottom of the ladder . gus I will be a sonofabitch . he aim and fire with a whamm . the strangler be blow to the ground and the ladder clamp in he hand come with he . 67 68 69 70-73 74 75 9-10-88 41 int . apartment night all be gather to see the show , but be bored . rick what the hell be that shot ? Bob open the drape . bob it 's showtime , folk . ext . house night Bob and the crew watch the action outside . wham ! the blast catch halamer in the rump and he scream while he grope for he gun . int . apartment night among dianne 's " good Lord " and nadine 's '' what the heck be go on out there ? " we can hear Bob 's laugh , above the blast and confusion . Bob step behind the curtain . bob that cop be gonna be pretty mad now . let 's get the fuck outa here . tomorrow morning , Rick , you take nadine and get the car ready , get the thing tune up and dianne , get the necessary supplies to make we move . we have not be cross roading in year . omit dissolve to : ext . neighborhood dawn siren can be hear in the background . the little dog bark . ext . apartment house day Bob sneak out the front door of he apartment , get about halfway down the hallway and be suddenly grab from behind and punch , and be surrounded by three plain clothes cop , one of they be gentry . 9-10-68 42 Bob be on the ground look up at they . gentry Bob , I want to talk about what happen last night . bob we tell the investigate officer all we know about that and we have not get anything further to add . gentry you little punk . halamer and trousinski know how you set they up , Bob , and I can honestly say that they be anything but happy about the matter . it take hour for we to pull all that buckshot out of he . why do not you just go out along the highway and byway of this great grand country of ours until you find a nice spot to settle down somewhere far away from here . a place where narcotic drawer be just brim to the top with all kind of goody lay there wait for you to take they ? how 's that sound Bob ? bob fuck you gentry . I win the goddamn war , not you . who be you to dictate the term ? Bob jump up and try to get in a punch , but the officer deck he and he be on the ground again . bob why do not you find you a small town police department where you can just step in as chief where all you have get to worry about be the usual Saturday night drunk and the kid on Halloween ? gentry so you think you win the war , huh ? when halamer and trousinski get a hold of you , hell , 4t will all be over in a month 's time . oh , yes , we might have to explain it away for a few day , but sooner or later everyone 's go to forget that you ever exist . that be , all but the pharmacist . they will probably hold a annual ball on the eve of you death for the next twenty year . then nadine walk around the corner . gentry and the other help he up . 9- 10 - 88 43 ce gentry let I help you up , Bob . the police leave Bob . bob fuck you gentry , fuck you . I just wish that it have be you out there that catch some of the buckshot . gentry be already halfway down the hall by the time we see he again . nadine reach Bob , who have blood on he mouth and shirt . nadine how come you always talk so nasty to that cop ? why do not you talk nice ? bob shit ! who ever hear of talk nice toa cop ? that crap go out with the forty . I try talk to a cop nice and respectful once and you know what he do ? nadine ce what ? bob he kick I in the kneecap , that 's what the bastard do . nadine well , what do they do when you talk nasty to they ? bob they kick I in the kneecap then too , but at least I be expect it . Close view of Bob bob oh , we be go to leave town all right , but do not think any chickenshit cop be run we out of town , because they be not . it 's only because I think it 's the smart thing to do . 76-83 omit a '' 84 int . apartment day hand put drug in cotton and into small package and be wrap . 85 86 87 88 89 9-10-88 44 bob' voice have to be weil plan the move out of the apartment be -mede — tre series — of - wellmade — meve , the intricacy I would think about all through the night . dianne have to get all the narcotic together , put some aside ... ext . apartment day ext . apa bird eye view of dianne and nadine haul suitcase out the apartment to the car . bob' voice ... that we would be take with we then package the rest in individual bag and suitcase ... int , bus depot station day # 1 suitcase be weigh for shipment by bus depot employee . bob' voice ... that would be send ahead by bus , address to various stop on we route . so we could rendezvous with the drug as we need they . I have theory about cross-road , and send ahead need drug be part of it . ext . moving car day ext . eee eee all four in the car go seventy down a minor highway . bob' voice ... 0ne could not afford to be catch head across the country with a whole carload of narcotic ... ext . road day Police car behind road sign , give chase to Bob 's car . bob' voice should any law enforcement officer attempt to stop we ... int . car day nadine and Rick 's hand pull back part of the carpet on the floor of the car , expose a hole that have be cut there . 90 90 a 91 92 9-10-88 45 bob' voice ... we have a hole punch through the floorboard of we car ... bob' view out the rear view mirror of a police car , the light spin red . bob' voice ... and when the flash red light become a reality ... Rick and nadine 's hand stuff the drug out the hole to the move street below . bob' voice +..we proceed to dump whatever we have down the hole ... ext . car day underneath the car , we see pill bounce off the move pavement and ricochete off the muffler , move wheel , and suspension . int . car day Bob wait for the officer to step to the side of the car . he give he a very wide smile . bob be something the trouble officer ? Bob give a oh-so-cheerie smile . and the cop be look around the inside of the car from the driver window . ext . bus depot day # 2 Bob and dianne get out of the car . bob' voice ... then we would check in at the next rendezvous spot , which hopefully be within eight hour away , before the drug wear off . ext . bus depot day # 2 ( later ) Bob come through a revolve door with a suitcase he just pick up . 93 94 9-10-88 46 int . motel day ae Bob be pace the floor read from the yellow page . Rick be loung on the room 's only couch with he head cradle in nadine 's lap . dianne be in a overstuff chair rub she leg and thigh , wetting she lip , tremble occasionally , and sighing often as if it be the only way she can keep breathe , while she watch Bob pace back and forth . bob owl pharmacy , prescription service , convenient downtown location ! Bob rip that page out of the phone book . he put the book down and read off some more pharmacy . nadine look depressed . she tug a hangnail on she finger and think real hard about something . bob okay ! let 's get off we duff and out on the road . we be not go to find no morphine hang off the fir tree . dianne , you pick out some doctor and try put the old headache act on they . Rick and nadine , you come along with I . we get to find out just what poison shop in this town be hold . int . doctor' office day dianne wait in the wait area of the Doctor 's office . she be hide fidgety sign of drug , or lack of . but she be make up well . a receptionist push back a slide window and poke out to see dianne who be wear dark glass , look like a blind person . receptionist be this you first appointment with Doctor Clark ? dianne yes it be . receptionist I see , will you please £ 111 out this personal history form ? dianne get up and take a form from the receptionist . 95 96 97 98 9 BA 99 9 - 10-88 47 dianne thank you , I will . int . moving car day Bob and Rick and nadine in the front seat , Bob drive , and hold the tear yellow page in he hand , search the address out . bob be we lose . int . doctor' office day ** dianne be lead into a examination room by a receptionist . receptionist while you be wait , you might as well undress and put on the white gown you will find drape across the stool . the receptionist shut the door and dianne whip into action examine the examination room , shaking down cabinet , drawer , look for prescription blank . int . car day Bob be pull to the side of the street . bob the point be to get the pharmacist to look in he stash for dilaudid tablet ... thereby show we just where the stuff be hide . int . pharmacy # 4 day nadine sashays into the store , follow by Rick . ext . STREET phone booth day Bob be call the number from the yellow page in he hand . int . pharmacy day the phone ringing as nadine be try on lipstick . a pharmacist pick up the phone . 100 101 9-10 - 88 48 int . phone booth day Bob , ever- so - politely speak to the pharmacist . bob say , I have get a one milligram dilaudid prescription and I have be all over town try to find I some . could you possibly £ 111 this prescription for I ? int . pharmacy day nadine watch the pharmacist through a mirror she be use to try on sample lipstick . the pharmacist change from a smile good nature type to a frown , snarling , no - nonsense masher . pharmacist no , we do not have any dilaudid in any form . we have not carry any form of that crap in year . so do not bug we anymore . he slam down the phone and look around he store , a inquisitive clerk step closer to the pharmacist . clerk what be that all about ? pharmacist oh , one of that goddamn dope fiend again , ask if we stock one- milligram dilaudid . clerk we do not have any , do we ? pharmacist no , I do not stock the stuff anymore . I use to , but that crazy dope fiend about drive I out of my mind over they ... nadine begin to get a creepy feel and leave slowly . pharmacist «.- all day long they be pester I with phony prescription , at night , they crash through the front door , the back door , through the roof , I expect to find one come crawl down the chimney . Rick and nadine saunter out the door . the pharmacist let out a sigh of relief . 9-10-88 49 pharmacist that be a couple of they right there , I would bet my bottom dollar on it . do you see how they stand around try to look so innocent and prim ? they run in pack just like wolf . if you let they think you have get a narcotic drug leave on the shelf , they will pester you until they get it . there be not anything you can do once they find out you have get what they be after . 102 int . examination room day the smile , middle age , good nature doctor enter and dianne be on the table wear the white nightgown . doctor and how be you today ? dianne not too damned good , Doc . doctor this be you first visit with we , be not it ? he study she personal history card in he hand . dianne put on she most pain expression , block she eye from the overhead light . doctor what seem to be the problem ? dianne I have a horrible migrane . can we turn out the light , I mean , they be just kill I . doctor I be sorry , this be a skylight . dianne I be feel like I be sick to my stomach . I have take thing for this in the past . not codeine because I be allergic to that , but something else . doctor I see . dianne but there 's this little blue pill , I think it start with a " d " dilly - something . 103 104 105 106 9-10-88 50 doctor dilaudid ? dianne ( hide she reaction ) that 's it , Doc . I think that 's the one . ext . STREET day nadine and Rick climb into the car with Bob . they be both shaking they head . bob do not look so glum . the bastard 's hold all right . nadine I do not know , Bob , the clerk ask the pharmacist what it be all about , and he say , " Hell , I have not see any dilaudid in year . " bob oh yeah , well they be just put the shuck on you , because I know the bastard have dilaudid in there not too awful long ago , and besides , they would not have get so paranoid if they be not hold . Bob check another pharmacy on the yellow page list . ext . ok used car day ee Bob be signing a paper on the hood of a red pickup truck . bob now the reason that we have this truck be not because we necessarily need another vehicle . int . red pickup night Bob be lecture nadine and Rick . bob but we can move easier , in this sort of a vehicle . we also have the right license plate on we ass , so 's the average Joe think that we be farmer just in town for a little ride . ext . bar # 2 night Bob , nadine and Rick get out of the red pickup and walk into a bar . 107 108 109 9-10-88 51 bob now , there 's always something that you can pick up if you keep you eye open . sometimes it be so obvious it escape the casual observer . omit ext . truck night the truck be drive down the street . bob' voice you gotta keep on the lookout , because you never know what you might find . ext . STREET night ee Bob , nadine and Rick walk by a darken drug store . bob do you see that ? everyone be still walk . rick what ? Rick and nadine turn they head to see what they have miss . bob the transom , do not you guy see the open transom ? nadine no . rick what be transom ? bob that little window open above the front door , Rick . wow ! what a bird nest on the ground , and you guy never even see it . ( point ) you get to keep you eye open , you get to look . Bob whistle . 109 a 110 111 112 9-10-88 52 bob and that nasty - ass bastard pharmacist say " no , we do not have no dilaudid , have not stock that crap in year " . well , well , we will just see 1£ that bastard be not lie through he tooth or not , right this goddamn minute . Rick you go back to the pickup and get that small bar I shove under the front seat . Bob and nadine walk away arm in arm . Bob flirt with nadine . Bob nadine and I will walk around a bit and see what all be happen on this street . see if there 's any drunk or couple sit around in any of this car park along here . ext . STREET night Rick fetching the bar from the front seat of the truck and walk back Bob 's direction . ext . STREET night ~ Rick meet up with Bob and nadine . bob okay , Rick here 's the play . we get the traffic right first , then we move over in front of that open transom . you cup you hand , I stick my foot in , you lift , up I go . Rick nod . bob I will let you in the back door and we can amble over to the truck , in back of the pharmacy . ext . pharmacy night Bob and Rick move fast , step up under the pharmacy 's entrance and Rick lift while Bob pull , up and over . int . pharmacy night Bob whirl and race along the shelf until he come to a lock door lead to a back room . with a deat movement , Bob spring the door in a matter of second . 113 114 115 116 117 9-10-88 53 int . back room night Bob be in a area that be divide by rough - cut dirty , age wood . two safe be against one wall . also there be a alley entrance which have a huge slide wooden door , secure by a padlock , Bob tear off the padlock to ensure a quick exit . next , in the other section of the room , encase in aluminum and glass , 1s the back of the pharmacy , Bob attack a small slide door and enter , move quickly along the shelf of pill and halfway along the main counter he find a lock drawer . it be not too large but ... when he spring it OPEN he find it heape to the brim with different bottle of different color and design , and all of they have a purple federal stamp on the cap . bob grins . he grab the whole drawer and run for the alley exit . ext . pharmacy rear door night ext . prr eee Bob slide open the door where Rick and nadine be wait Bob hand nadine the drawer . bob fake this , baby , and put it in the truck . Rick , step inside here a moment . I want you to look at this two safe . moving view of nadine run with the drawer , clutching tt to she stomach like a cigarette girl . she run so hard she sound like a milk truck beginning its delivery . ext . truck night nadine arrive at the truck and hesitates . ext . pharmacy night Bob be watch nadine and the truck . int . pharmacy back room night int . frankie Rick step up to the safe . 118 119 120 121 9-10-88 54 ext . truck night nadine stand beside the truck . bob watching nadine start to lower the whole drawer into the bed of the truck , then let it rest on the truck 's side panel while she open the door of the truck . nadine then grab the drawer , swing it backward as far as she arm can go and bring the drawer forward as if she be a fish wife empty a pan of water , spilling the bottle all over the seat and floor of the truck . Bob can not believe what he 's see . int . pharmacy night Rick and the safe . bob' voice Rick , forget about the safe . ext . pharmacy back door night Rick emerge from the pharmacy . they close the back door and both take off run toward nadine and the pickup . ext . truck night nadine bend down with the empty drawer between she leg then straighten up , flipping the drawer up and over she head . it sail into the air ... spin around a few time and land in the street a few parking meter away . a small grey volkswagen round a corner and slow down near the drawer , seemingly study it momentarily , then it drive on . another car be come as Bob and Rick reach shaking nadine . they quickly push she into the pickup and Bob pull away , sit on a pile of bottle , for once say absolutely nothing . 122 123 124 124a 125 126 9-10 -88 $ 5 ext . STREET night the truck be take corner after corner . int . truck night Bob and Rick and nadine as the truck take another corner . ext . residential STREET the truck pull to the side of the road . int . truck night Bob take a deep breath . bob okay . let 's get all this bottle together , put they in a sack and you , nadine , you take that sack and walk over to that bush along side that house and wait for we while we go back and get that drawer and clean it up . you do not have any glove on and , baby , that clean cream drawer be go to have nothing but you fingerprint all over it . it take a second to get all the bottle together . int . truck night ( later ) the truck be move . Bob and Rick breathe a sigh of relief as the headlight of the truck spotlight the drawer in front of they . Rick jump out of the truck and pick up the drawer and get back in the truck . int . motel night Bob and Rick and nadine have enter , dianne come into the room to see what they find , but nadine do not stay , she march back to she room and slam the door shut . dianne what 's that all about ? Bob be inspect the bottle in the bag and bring they out one by one . 9-10-88 56 dianne ( still interested in nadine ) you be make a pass at she again , Bob ? Bob shake he head and paw through the pile of small bottle . he come up with a small one with a blue label . bob I will be goddamn . dianne what be it , Bob ? what do you find ? bob powder dilaudid , that 's what . a whole untouched one eighth ounce bottle of powder D . and there should be another partially fill bottle here somewhere . Bob spread they all out on the coffee table and separate they into different category . bob you know what this bottle be worth , Rick ? he hold up the bottle that be only two inch high . Rick shake he head as he take the bottle from Bob . bob well , I will tell you what it 's worth . it 's worth a goddamn fortune , at least a small fortune . that there 's get eight hundred and forty some odd sixteenths in it , and at ten dollar a sixteenth , that come to around eight thousand four hundred dollar worth of the best goddamn dope money can buy . slap he leg . dianne hot dog , what a find , yep , that there little bottle will probably last we three for a week . I guess we must have outrun that hex we have on we . I sure a glad we start cross-road , be not you , Bob ? and Bob take a willing dianne in he arm and whirl she around the room , as she squeal and shriek in delight . 127 128 129 9-10-88 57 int . bedroom night nadine sit in silence at the edge of she bed . her coat be still on and tear be slowly coursing down she cheek . dianne's scream can be hear in the next room , Rick and Bob be shouting with joy . int . live room night Bob jump up . Rick be fix . bob okay , pard , I 'l ] show you how we will hide this stuff in this motel . open up that trap door to the attic , and I will push you on up through . you cross over a couple of this unit and stash the stuff over somebody else 's room . int . bedroom night Rick enter the room and stand awhile just inside the door watch nadine . she be still on the bed with she coat on and she head lower . rick Buck up , baby . so you muff it , everyone do that once in awhile . it come out all right and that 's what count . we be go to go out again , but do not worry , we will be back soon . nadine raise a tear stain face . nadine what do that sonofabitch say about I ? rick baby , he do not say anything . not one word . dianne do not even know anything about it . nadine but he be not go to take I along anymore . be that it ? and one day you all will just drop I off on a corner and tell I to do such such and I will come back and wait and wait and you will never show up . then she voice break into sob and the trail of tear become a flood . Rick kneel beside she . 9-10-88 58 rick baby , we be not go to leave you stand on no corner . we be not leave you any place . you be mine , baby . I be not leave you . Bob be no doubt leave you home tonight because you be feel bad . he know how bad you feel about the whole thing . nadine to hell with that sonofabitch and he hexes and all he funny little stunt . it be not my fault he have to leave the coast . that be he fault . the goddamn hog . rick now , baby , you just take it easy , we get we a good thing go . why break it up ? tomorrow you will see thing in a different light . you be all upset . it will be fine . nadine no Rick , it 's not go to be fine . I just can not stand they superior way and all that crap about hexes . you do not believe that stuff , do you ? rick Hell , I do not know , nadine . what difference do it make ? it 's they thing . I guess if they want to believe in hexes , they be entitle to . all we get to watch be not talk about pet in they presence and not leave any hat on any bed . Hell there 's nothing hard about that . nadine well , I be just go to prove to all of you that there be not anything to any of that stuff . nadine march to the closet and promptly take out one of she hat . she determinedly flip it onto the bed and then ask Rick : nadine do you think it will make any difference that I be use a woman 's hat instead of a mar n's ? Rick shake he head slowly . rick I wish you have not of do that , nadine . it really be not fair . I mean , you can do whatever you want to change we life , but what do you want to mess with someone else 's for ? that do not seem quite right . 130 131 132 9-10-88 59 nadine to hell with they . I be go to leave that hat right there . you go on out with they tonight . rm go to show they it do not mean nothing at a . Rick shake he head again . he lay a outfit anda couple of sixteenth down on the night stand . rick I think they want to go right away . we will not be long , maybe a couple of hour . ext . parking lot night Rick break into a car in the hospital parking lot . Bob and dianne kiss before he take off . dianne watch from she steal car as Rick , in he car head right between two park police car ata hair-raise thirty - five mile a hour . only three foot separate the two car , so Rick get both of they rear fender in the initial rush . int . hospital night Inside the hospital it be like one continuous corridor , break up at interval by little substation , which be compose of a waist high counter enclose a switchboard , a few desk and a aid station of sort . there be a couple of nurse hang around the substation . a policeman be in the corridor . outside we can hear the sound of car revving they engine , and horn blaring and metal smashing . the policeman and the nurse go to the front window of the corridor to see what the problem be . there view from through the window of the parking lot . two car be run amok in the lot . ext . parking lot night then he throw the car in reverse , and floorboard the accelerator . his car cling to the smashed police car for a second while he tire scream and pour out smoke . then abruptly , the tear and intermeshed metal of the car separate and away Rick roar again until he come to a halt forty foot away against another late model car . view of the Hospital , people be hang out the window watch . 133 134 135 9-10-88 60 Rick keep right on work , he give the police another shot for good measure , then he pick out a automobile behind and off to one side and give it a bank shot that crumple the right front fender . two policemen come run from the front door of the hospital . they run across the front lawn less than a hundred yard away from Rick . then dianne get into the act . she hold she horn down cause one continuous blast , and squeal out of she position toward the officer , who be run after Rick . view of dianne close in on the officer , who take a dive to the ground . dianne keep go until she come to Rick , who have ditch he car and be now on foot . she stop momentarily to let Rick in , then turn and take off burn rubber all the way out of the parking lot . bob sees and hear the pandemonium from where he be hide up against the side of the building . bob they will probably talk about this one for year . he smile and quickly smashes out a window and climb into a vacant office . int . hospital night Bob come through the window of a darken office . he cross the room , stick he head out the door into a long corridor , and : int . corridor night not seeing anybody , step across the corridor to the lock entrance of the pharmacy . after study the door momentarily , he take a small pry bar , slam the taper end into the crack between the door and the jam at lock level , and snap the other end of the bar back . the door shoot open with a noise resembling a muffle shot . int . pharmacy night Bob : quickly enter and brace the door behind he . it stay in position , but with a piece of the jam go , then 136 137 9-10-88 61 he go directly to the narcotic cabinet house behind a counter . the locker be make of one - eighth inch sheet steel and have large brass padlock on they . Bob try to wedge he pry bar between the bolt of a lock but the bar be too big . next he try to wedge it between the lock and the hasp , but the bar slip out . bob fuck it ! the sweat be pour down Bob 's face in rivulet , he clothes be damp and he hand be beginning to shake . he try force the bar into the crack beside the cabinet door , but the bar jump toward he every time he apply pressure . he try lift the cabinet free from the wall , but it be solid . he jam the pry bar between the wall and the cabinet and give a mighty heave . the cabinet bend toward he , but it 's obvious that this will take too long . Bob stand back from the cabinet and bring the wedge shape point of the bar down in a cut motion in a attempt to tear a hole in the sheet metal and more or less can- open the thing enough to reach inside . int . corridor night int . corriour rive a nurse hear the noise as she pass by . she try to open the door but it be jamme . she pull she ear to the door and listen , then she run down the hall for help . int . pharmacy night Bob have one of the cabinet open only to find demerol ( otherwise know to drug addict as " dummy 0i1 " ) bob ugh ! he raise he pry-bar to go for another cabinet when the door of the pharmacy break open behind the weight of . two burly attendant . they hurl themselves into the room , take one look at Bob and immediately begin close in . 138 139 140 141 142 143 9-10-88 62 Bob swing he bar at they , and leap over to a window overlook one of the quaint little garden in the hospital courtyard . with one swing of the bar , he smashes out the window and dive through it . ext . hospital courtyard night Bob land on the sidewalk in a roll and when he scramble to he foot , blood be stream down he face . above he the attendant be try to climb out the window . Bob give he a mild bop on the head with he bar and the attendant start climb back in . Bob head for a exit door to another wing . the exit door be lock . Bob smashes a hole through the glass top of the door , reach in to open it from the inside , and head down the corridor . int . corridor night he try wiping blood from he face as he make he way down the corridor . he disappear into a woman 's restroom . int . restroom night Bob stand in front of a mirror and examine the damage to he head . he watch the blood pump out in small but steady stream . he wash off he face and hand , and put paper towel to the wound . he wipe up the sink and the mirror and then retreat to a toilet booth . int . toilet night Bob sit down and wait . ext . country road night dianne and Rick in they own car , wait beneath a large tree , somewhere near the hospital . int . car night dianne be fidget . 144 145 146 147 148 9-10-88 63 dianne Bob 's like a rabbit , in and out and no nonsense . and that go for a lot more than just a hospital pharmacy . this just be not like he . int . woman' room toilet night Bob wait . a woman come in and use the next stall . Bob get up on the toilet so she do not see he . dissolve to : ext . car night the car beneath the tree wait . dissolve to : ext . car dawn the car still wait , only the sun be come up . int . car dawn dianne and Rick wait , and yawn . rick we might as well give up . he be not come . dianne ( grab Rick ) they get he . the bastard get he . I know it . I can feel it in my heart . the bastard , the dirty bastard . if they have hurt he just one little bit , I '11 kill . I '11 kill they all ! dianne start to sob . int . motel live room day Rick and dianne enter , it be quiet . rick nadine ? 150 151 9-10-88 64 int . bedroom day int . perree ee Rick open the bedroom door and notice that the hat be still on the bed . nadine be nowhere to be see . Rick step over to the closet . then he see something . nadine's feet be stick out from the floor on the other side of the bed . her lip and face be a funny bluish color . a outfit hang out of a ditch in she arm . rick oh , my God ! he fall to he knee to hold she . rick I be sorry , baby . I never should have get you into all this . Rick hold she and moan . rick oh , baby , please , baby , what can I do ? dianne enter and see the situation . she huddle over Rick , just as : int . live room day int . live room be Bob come happily in the front door whistling . his face and upper forehead and one arm be cover with white medical tape and bandage . bob honey ! I be home ! int . bedroom day Bob join he crew . bob what in the hell be go on ? dianne turn and look at Bob 's bedraggle appearance . dianne what do the bastard do to you ? what do they do , I 'l ] kill they , 1'11 kill they ... 9- 10-88 65 bob who put that hat on that goddamn bed ? rick she do , Bob . bob ( see nadine ) what ? rick she do not mean no harm by it . bob she bit it . rick she say it be bullshit ! oh , it 's all my fault . bob who give she the stuff , she could not have do that on no two-sixteenths . what 's she be do , save it up ? Bob pick up a bottle beside the bed , the small blue partially fill one . Bob shake Rick take bob where in the hell do she get this ? rick what be it ? bob I know there should have be another open bottle . she must have pick it up while we be collect the bottle off the floor of the truck . stupid connive bitch . rick ( angry , jump up off the corpse ) you can not call she that . she 's dead . do not ever say anything bad about she . he head in disgust . bob she beat you , man . you own woman beat you out of part of you own cut on a score . she get what she deserve . a swing at Bob but miss and send he hand through a plaster wall . 152 153 cr 154 9-10-88 66 bob not only that , the dumb bitch throw a hex on we that we will all be lucky to survive . and she leave we with and 0.d. would stiff which , if I be not mistaken , be paramount to a murder beef in this state . and for christsake get that hat off the bed . Bob kick the hat off the bed and back out of the room away from Rick who be pull he hand out of the wall . dianne be cling to Bob 's arm . Bob slam the door . int . motel room hall day dianne how do you ever get away ? bob I hide in a woman 's restroom . when I wake up and leave , I run into a nurse and give she a story that I be look for the emergency room . they fix I up pretty good . int . bob and dianne's bedroom day Bob and dianne be look up at the celling , lie in bed . : dianne I know what . let 's pull she up into the attic and hide she there for the day . at least then the may will not be stumbling over she . bob you know what , dianne ? that 's probably the best idea you have come up with in year . int . rick and nadine's bedroom day Bob and dianne enter . Rick be kneel on the floor with he head down on the bed as though he be in prayer . Bob walk up to he cautiously , take he by the shoulder and stand he up and hug he , then walk he out of the room . bob we get to get Rick here in bed . he 's be up all night and probably do not know what the hell he 's do , do you , Rick ? 155 156 157 157a 9-10-88 67 int . crawlspace day the wooden hatch to the crawlspace open . dianne be ona chair look up at our view and Bob be below she with nadine 's body over he shoulder in a fireman 's lift . int . hallway day nadine 's leg stick down out of the crawlspace , dianne still below on the chair guide she up , Bob out of sight in the crawlspace . the worst part of the job have pass without we see it . int . crawlspace day the hatch be close , the view pan over to see nadine 's face . int . live room day dianne replace the chair where it usually be . bob Hell , it 's like try to raise a couple of goddamn kid when you take on a couple like that and try and teach they to steal . do you know that , dianne ? it 's just like raise child . all the hassle , all the petty jealousy , all the what -if . dianne you be not kid . bob I be get too old for this shit . this goddamn kid today , they be not get no sense at all . they be all tv baby . they be watch people kill and fuck each other on that goddamn boob tube and that 's all they know . Hell , they think it 's legal , that it 's the right thing to do . dianne relax hon . you can not take on the whole world . the doorbell ring . bob wow , what a busy day . 9-10-88 68 Bob check the peephole . bob I think it 's the guy from the front desk . Bob slowly open the door . a uniform motel manager be outside . Bob close manager hello , be you Mr. Hughes ? bob yes. manager be you plan on check out today ? bob no , why ? manager well , I be sorry , sir , but when you register , we ask you how long you intend to stay and you say a couple of day . we have prior commitment in the form of a reservation for you room today . bob you mean I get to move out right now ? manager well , you see , I be afraid so . bob well you just listen here . one of we colleague be very sick and I just do not feel that we want to up and try to move to another motel ... manager well , you see , they be have a sheriff 's convention here in town and all this room have be reserve for they as long as ninety day ago . bob let I come down to the office in a minute . I will be right down . the door . bob they be have a sheriff 's convention . 157b 158 159 9-10-88 69 dianne we be go to know some of that guy , I will bet . bob Jesus Christ , a sheriff 's convention , no less . why could not it be a pharmacist 's convention ? dianne or better yet , a undertaker 's . ext . motel day Bob walk into the office . int . motel office day the stately smile manager be behind the counter . Bob be stand in front of she . manager I be sorry Mr. Hughes , you should have let we know you intend stay this long . we would have warn you of we commitment . bob I get a colleague in that motel room that 's get the mump , I be scared to move he . what if they should spread . Hell , we would hit you with a law suit that would ruin you . now can not you juggle that room around a bit or get the intended a reservation somewhere else ? manager well , if that 's the case , you go on back to you room . ( a beat ) perhaps we can reserve they a room somewhere else just for this one night . you will have to leave tomorrow . Bob walk out of the office . just as a sheriff walk in . ext . motel day Bob walk back to he room . police sheriff be beginning to pull into the motel parking lot . other sheriff be talk down at the end of the walkway . 160 161 9-10-88 70 int . motel room day Bob shut the door behind he . dianne and Rick be on the sofa . dianne well ? bob it look like a fuck sheriff convention out there . but they be go to let we keep the room one more night . dianne good God , how be we ever go to get she out of here with the place full of drunken cop come and go all night ? bob I do not know . dianne maybe we could just head on out and leave she up there . _ bob ( astound ) be you mad , dianne ? she would be ooze down out of the attic in less than a week . this people around here have see she . they be go to remember that she be with we . no we get to get she out tonight . int . motel day ( later ) Bob and dianne sit across from each other . Bob be show sign of wear . dianne it 's gonna be one heck of a time get she outta that crawlspace ... Bob just look at the floor , do not say a word . dianne do not know if I be ever go to get my nail do now ... dianne watch Bob watch the floor . dianne nadine really get to you do not she , Bob ? Bob consider the question for awhile , then look straight at dianne for the first time that afternoon . tf 9-10-88 71 bob yeah , I suppose you could say that . I be not exactly thrilled over she have leave we in such a abrupt manner . dianne I do not mean that , Bob . I have see you around other overdose case and you never get like this . bob like what ? dianne oh , I do not know , just different . bob oh , yeah , well 1'11 tell you what 's wrong . I be scared to fuck death that some big fuck cop be go to come rumbling through that door any minute and say , " out this be my fuck room , out . " ( long pause ) do we have that garment bag in the car ? 163-166 omit 167 168 int . crawlspace night the hatch to the crawlspace open and Bob hoist himself up into it . nadine 's horrible expression of fear and happiness strike Bob as he begin to handle the body . the body be very stiff , and like a mannequin . they have to lower nadine head first down the hole . int . hallway night dianne be ready to catch nadine who be come down head first , but dianne buckle under the weight of nadine and fall with she into the closet with a crash . bob' view through the crawlspace as he watch dianne and nadine . bob God what a hassle . Bob wipe he brow . CUT to : 169 170 171 9-10-88 72 int , motel early morning Bob zip nadine into garment bag . Bob part the curtain of the front window of the motel room . outside it be a sea of cop car . it look like he car and the pickup be the only one that do not have radio antennas and red light stick out all over they . bob ( to dianne ) you go first , unlock the car . look around a bit while you be do it . see if anyone be lurking about . dianne put she coat on , smile , turn to the door and head for the parking lot . Bob stand and fidget in front of the curtain , not watch dianne in the parking lot . he can hear the trunk of the car open . then a few second later dianne return . dianne we be all set , the car door 's open and I do not see anyone at all . ext . parking lot day Bob cross the parking lot with nadine over he shoulder , make it seem like she do not weigh a thing . he put nadine in the trunk and return to the room . in front of they room be a suspicious cop . Bob ad lib . bob do you remember the diaper , hon ? int . room day Bob enter , a little wind . bob wow , what a drag . I mean , that broad be heavy . you be right , she would have be fat in a couple of year . Jesus , I be glad she decide to go and do she thing now instead of wait until then . I would of never make it . Bob look at dianne and try to grin but it do not come out quite right . he look like a little kid about to bawl . 9-10-88 73 bob how about go up in the attic and get out we stuff and divide it up . we will give Rick the car and the stuff we send ahead to that bus depot . figure it all out . do not count he short . give he the big end . dianne stare at Bob until he turn away . dianne what be you think about do , Bob ? what you get on you mind ? Bob let he eye slide around the room evasively , he start to Bob slowly speak a couple of time then say nothing . bob the thing be I have be think about head on back to the coast . I think maybe I will go on down and get on that twenty - one day methadone withdrawal program , get my head together . dianne be you kid ? bob no I be not , dianne . I can not do it anymore . shake he head no . dianne well , I be not go on no withdrawal program , so what 's go to happen to I ? bob why can not you come along ? dianne no way . bob why not ? dianne I do not want to . you know I have try that and it do not work for I . bob do whatever you want , dianne . Bob look around . 172 173 174 175 176 9-10-88 74 bob take whatever you need or whatever we get . I only need enough to get I to the coast . dianne be act like she do not know whether to believe she man or not , know that this be the end of they relationship if Bob go . ext . country gravel road day the car pull over to the side of a long road . a heavily wood area {s to one side . the pickup truck pull up behind the car . int . truck day Bob think for a second , then speak just as he get out of the truck . bob get the shovel , dianne . i'11l handle she . ext . road day Bob skip up to the side of the car , Rick be drive . bob you , Rick , stay here and see that nobody come along and want to know if we be have a picnic or something . ext . wood day Bob be carry nadine through the wood . dianne be follow . at one point he stop carry she on he shoulder , put she down and drag she while she be still in the clothing bag . ext . wood day Bob be digging a hole , he keep chopping and hammer at root that be too stubborn to be dig up . dianne walk away . bob I be sorry nadine , if I would have know this be go to happen then I would never have let you come along . 177 178 179 180 9-10-66 75 ext . wood day nadine 's body go in the hole . Bob unzip the bag and take a look at nadine before he cover she up . he remark at two leave that be cover she eye . bob well , nadine , it 's every man and woman for he or she self . and it 's time for you old friend Bob to take off . maybe I be change in my Autumn year . ' Cause I do not want to happen to I what 's happen to you . Bob look back to dianne and Rick then back at nadine . bob and dianne , I do not think that she can put up with the straight life . so I guess I be go alone . ext . wood day Bob be finish the job , then he randomly walk around break stick and thing in a temper . then he stop , calming himself , gather he thought , and march out of the wood . ext . road day Bob walk out of the wood . dianne be by the side of the road , and Rick be inside of the car . Bob open the rear door of the car and get he clothes out of the back and put they in the back of the truck . he pause , not look at dianne or Rick , but aware that they be watch he . Bob can not look back at dianne . int . car day Rick watch through he rear view mirror . 181 182 182a 182b 183 9-10-88 76 dianne walk up to the side window of the car . rick what 's happen , what 's all the fuss ? dianne bend down to the driver 's window and smile at Rick . dianne Hell , I do not know . - but let 's just start worry about we . now I know you be ten year young than I be , but I be not look for romance anyway . I be look for someone with gut . you get you a old lady , and I will get I a old man , and we will not pick they because they be beautiful people , we will pick the one that will make the best thief in we helling crew , and baby , everyone will dive on this crew . it will not be no one man show . dianne turn around and run to the other side of the car and get in . dianne oh , well , they say that God look out for drunk and fool , and he sure enough look out for Bob on occasion , and maybe he would look out for he now too . ext . road day they take off down the road . ext . avis rental day Bob check in the red pickup . ext . bus_terminal day Bob walk across the lot to the Bus Depot . not . car day Rick tunelessly whistle as dianne run through a list of people and they whereabouts ; they need for a crew . int . bus day out the window of the bus , a move countryside with roll hill , river , mountain . 9- 10 -88 77 Bob smile at the countryside . the voice of gentry , the police lieutenant , be hear . gentry's voice look like you be hook to the gill , and we get witness this time Bob . double exposed over Bob 's smile be gentry , say this word in the back of the surveillance camper . gentry 's exposure have give way the the hat ; Bob 's smile remain in the corner of the screen ; and dianne be see as well . nadine why a hat ? bob' voice you just put a thirty day hex on we . dianne's smart sister why do not you just leave dianne , Bob , and go join one of that female impersonator club ? you should not have any trouble at at all get a membership from what I can see , and you would no doubt be happy learn to enjoy contribute to a normal segment of we community . bob' voice dianne could put up with anything from she man as long as he be a successful drug thief . Bob 's smile , it be beginning to mouth the name dianne , over the move countryside out of the window , and a exposure of the hat have disappear . image of dianne flash over the countryside . bob' voice she do not particularly care what she man look like , how he act or what he say to she during breakfast . like other woman she love a man who can produce , and she love with great intensity . she will spit in a cop 's eye in a minute . she 's virtually fearless in all respects . but if he do not produce , well then , that 's it ; goodbye to she man . 184 ext . bus passing landscape dusk Bob 's face can be see reflect off the window over the pass landscape , the sun settling . 184a 185 185a 186 9-10-88 78 int . bus dusk Bob 's face . ext . bus passing through SMALL town night Bob watch out the window . a bright drive in pass by . int . bus night Bob look around the bus . he 's show sign of withdrawal . sitting across the aisle from he be a darling old grandma knitting . bob' voice be not she a cute old grandma ? knitt so fastidiously . to look at she one would not think she have ever do anything in she whole life but raise she child and she child 's child . but who know , she might have be a hooker and a bawdy dancer in Alaska during the gold rush . she could have murder fourteen people and skinned they alive for all anyone know . but right now , right this minute , she be a darling old grandma and most likely that 's all she 's ever be . have any of this passenger be in as insane a situation as I be in now ? view of a rumple drunk guy sit in back of Bob . bob' voice now take that guy sittin there . he 's half crock now , rumple and grubby as any bum on skid row . and who be he ? he could very easily have be a upstand businessman just a few year ago . plenty of the bum and wino of today be just that not so long ago . or he might have be a hit man for the mafia . Bob grin at he fantasize . bob' voice but he sure have everyone fool now . ext . road day the bus go down the road . 187 188 9-10-88 79 dissolve to : ext . portland methadone CENTER day Bob be look up at the front door of the center . int . CENTER day Bob sit uncomfortably in a chair across from a older woman sit at a desk in she office . Bob look sick . a name tag on she desk read mrs . watermaker . mrs . watermaker well , young man , what can we do for you this morning ? bob I want to sign up for you withdrawal program . mrs . watermaker I see . and when be the last time you take whatever you use ? bob night before last . mrs . watermaker be you go to get violently sick today then ? you realize that to get right on the withdrawal program that you have to be in the third stage of withdrawal , sweat , stomach cramp ... chill ... temperature , and so on ? bob yes . mrs . watermaker have you ever be on either the maintenance or withdrawal program before ? bob no . mrs . watermaker I see . now how long have you be addict to whatever you be on now ? . bob this time ? mrs . watermaker then this be not you first time withdraw ? 9-10-68 80 bob no , but it 's my first time withdraw on methadone . mrs . watermaker I see . well , how long have you be use drug altogether ? bob all my life . mrs . watermaker all you life ? a little skepticism flash across Mrs. watermaker 's face . bob well , since I have be twelve or thirteen I have be use narcotic . I guess you could say that be all my life . mrs . watermaker how old be you now ? bob twenty six . mrs . watermaker why do you want to quit now , after all that time ? I would think you would be inclined to go right on with it . why quit now ? Bob shrugge and grin . bob I do not know , curiosity I guess . I just think I would try it . mrs . watermaker be you serious ? I mean , we get a lot of guy and gal come up here just try to get in on a new kick and that 's not what we be here for . bob well , lady , you just find you one of that people what be not get any other way to turn , so give I a jolt and let I go on my merry way . mrs . watermaker oh , my , it 's not that easy , young man . you have get all kind of paperwork to £ 111 out . 189 190 191 9-10-88 81 mrs . watermaker ( continue ) you have get a doctor 's examination to go through and then maybe , just maybe , we will help you out . you have get to get sick first too , you know . Bob grin and throw up on the floor . int . danmore HOTEL night Bob be wash he face . he look up at the ceiling . he listen to a song on a radio . ext . methadone clinic day ext . I thaduns ch ihey ei Cloud part over the building . int . methadone clinic day Bob be in a chair talk again to Mrs. watermaker . mrs . watermaker let I see now , I want to ask you a few thing before we go on much further . let 's see , be you marry ? bob yes . mrs . watermaker where be you wife ? _ bob I do not know . mrs . watermaker hmm , I see . do you have any child ? bob nope . mrs . watermaker do you have a job ? bob nope . mrs . watermaker do you have a social security number ? yrau - bo 82 bob no . mrs . watermaker hmmm . I see , have you ever be convict of a felony ? bob yes . a few time . mrs . watermaker what be they ? what kind of felony be you convict of ? bob oh , burglary , robbery , possession , grand theft , stuff like that . mrs . watermaker and how much time have you spend in prison ? bob I do not know . twelve year more or less I suppose . mrs . watermaker well , then , you have not be a addict all you life then , have you , Mr. Hughes ? bob what do you mean ? mrs . watermaker I mean you could hardly have be a addict in prison now , could you Mr. Hughes ? bob why not ? mrs . watermaker do you mean to sit there and tell I that you be addict to drug while in prison ? bob well , not all the time . but I use all the time I be inside , I mean , what do you want , lady , my life story ? well , I will tell it to you . I be a junkie . I like dope . I like the lifestyle . I be on top of it all but it be not real . you do not see my kind of people , because my kind of people do not come down here and beg dope . they go out and get it and if they miss , they go to jail and then they kick alone without nothing in some hold tank . 192 y-ib-b6 83 mrs . watermaker I be sorry , Bob . I do not mean to hassle you . all this be require . I be sorry if it seem unnecessary . have you ever think about become a counselor and help other addict with they problem ? bob ( without hesitation ) no , I do not think so , mar 'am . mrs . watermaker why not ? bob well , to begin with , no one , and I mean no one can talk a junkie out of use , so all you counseling be just waste word and you might as well have flushed they down the toilet . a junkie need he thing nine time out of ten just to be able to live with himself . he need it just like a diabetic need insulin . how be you go to sit and talk a diabetic out of use insulin ? mrs . watermaker hmmm , I see , well , tell I , Bob , if you can , why do you use narcotic ? Bob sit and squirm in he chair . he look out the office window . bob that really be a tough question , lady . I may think I know the answer , and then maybe I do not . when you ask a dope fiend why he use , it 's just about like ask a normal person why they like sex . and I suppose different people will come up with different answer , range from it just feel good , to I can not resist the urge , to it 's all part of love , to I only do it to have child . Lady , a dope fiend will give you just about the same answer , with the exception of the last one . I have yet to hear a dope fiend claim he shot dope in a attempt to have child . int . HOTEL lobby day ex Bob be sit by the window , watch car and people go by outside . the elevator door open and tom walk out , past the hotel desk , where a tall , cadaverish clerk be sorting mail . the clerk see tom. 9-10-88 84 clerk hey Tom , there 's a letter for you here . tom ( accept the letter ) bless you . Tom open it , walk across the lobby to the chair by the window , and sit down to read . Bob have recognize he . bob Father Murphy ? hey , Tom . tom ( peer at Bob ) well , well . . . bad Bobby Hughes . imagine see you here after all this year . bob yeah , it 's be a long time . you live here too ? tom I have nowhere else to go . there be no demand in the priesthood for elderly drug addict . a indiscretion back in ' 70 -- you be " inside " at the time , I believe -- result in my descent to this sorry state . as a matter of fact I be feel a bit sick right now . be you hold ? bob naw , I be kick like a goddamn mule . that bastard at the methadone clinic want I good and sick before they will process my application . but you ought to be able to get on easy ? tom ( absently tear bit of paper from the letter ) sure I be on the program . but sometimes I get a little ahead of my schedule , you understand . sometimes I think that nurse be lighten they up , but who know . so how about it , you want to score ? bob not I , Tom . but I will keep you company . 192a 193 9-10-68 ext park day ae Bob and Tom sit on park bench . int . tom' room day ae Tom and Bob be sit in the small room , talk . tom '' . .. so they be cooking up the shot ina big spoon and this little guy that be sit in the corner , you would not notice he , be stand there with one foot off the ground , like he 's go to kick the spoon out of they hand , and he say , " draw my shot up nice and easy , or it be not nobody get any . " and it 's a bluff they do not care to call . so they give he he shot , and he go back off in the corner to enjoy he medication . bob and they do not kick he ass .?! tom what 's the point ? this junky , they figure the little guy make he play , he have the gut , what the hell . they understand . and , after that , they watch he closer . bob you know , Tom , you teach I a lot , like stay out of a boy and girl fight . all the old time storey , how yoou use to stick you arm through the bar of the cell and a guard would fire you up a shot of morphine . they never do that for I . tom narcotics have be demonize and scapegoate in this country . to that who do not use , it be a sin , or a crime , or a illness . the very idea that anyone could use drug and avoid a horrible fate be anathema to this idiot . they be morally ravage victim of the right virus , and they seem to have the whip hand on planet Earth , at the present time . in the future I predict they will exploit a domestic drug panic as a masquerade behind which to prop up they international police state . but I be a old man , and maybe I will not live to see the whole shithouse go up . 85 194 194a 194b 194c 194d 194e 195 9-10-88 86 bob you miss you call , Tom . you should have be a philosopher . tom in another life perhaps . int . metal shop day Bob at work , he be drilling hole into a metal plate , then measure the hole , and check for burr . ext . STREET day Bob be walk cheerily down the street , wear some new clothes . David walk out of a doorway after Bob pass , not take too much notice of Bob , but aware that he pass by . int . bob' room day Bob cooking soup that he have still in the can . later , Bob eat under a small light , while sit on he bed . int . workshop day hole be drill . int . methadone clinic day Bob sit in a group . a discussion group . ext . handball court _day Bob play handball on outside court . int . hallway ay Bob reach the hallway to he own room and go inside , after unlock the door . 196 9-10-88 87 int . bob' room day Bob close the door and lock it , but sit behind he be detective gentry , in a chair next to the bed , under a read lamp . Bob smoothly take off he coat and hang it up . ( nothing to hide attitude ) bob catch up on some read , gentry ? gentry ignore the remark . gentry you do not stay go long , Bob , what happen ? bob nothing happen . Bob plop onto he bed and brace he hand behind he head . gentry I hear you be on a methadone program now . now you do not think that 's go to keep halamer from jump you , do you , Bob ? bob to tell the truth , I have not give it much think . gentry well , I want to tell you , warn you , that halamer 's piss . he lose he gold badge , you know , over that little fraca . he 's now work traffic out in the north end . he 's make so many damn threat , tell so many people that he 's almost go to have to hurt you now . bob what about the trousinski ? how 's he feel about the whole affair ? gentry do not you worry about trousinski , Bob , he 's not really dangerous . he just do he job the best way he know how . bob well , I do not know what to tell you , I gota job , you know . I start work tomorrow . 196 a 197 198 199 9-10-88 88 gentry yeah , that 's what I hear . what happen out there in the stick , Bob ? where 's dianne ? bob you know how whimsical woman be . she finally find another dude to chase after , and down the road she go , chase after he . gentry you know what Bob , I have know you and dianne since we be all kid and I find that a little hard to believe . gentry rise from he chair . gentry I will see you around , Bob , and I sincerely hope you make out on that job you have get and straighten up a bit . int . HOTEL room day Bob listen to a radio song . smoke a cigarette . ext . CITY night the cloudy sky light up from a electrical storm , and thunder boom out slightly after . ' ext . STREET night a car pull up to the curb and a shadowy figure get out and enter the Hotel . int . bob' room night ak a knock come on the door . Bob be lay in bed play solitaire . he get up and answer the knock . a sad old country and western tune be play on a little radio by Bob 's bed . bob who 's there ? dianne's voice it 's I , dianne . Bob throw the door open and smile . dianne step in hesitantly and look around at the room 's dismal appearance . she look shocked . 9- 10-88 89 dianne Jesus , what kind of dump be this ? and where 's the female ? you might as well trot she out . bob you do not ever change , do you , dianne ? dianne you goddamn right I do not . why should 1 ? bob I be just remark on how good you look . I do not mean nothing by it . dianne I will bet . you be slipperier than a eel , Bob , no one ever catch you off balance because you stay off balance constantly , just to stay on you foot . bob be that all you get to say ? be that why you come up here , or do you just want to see I down and out ? dianne I just want to see you period . how 's that methadone thing ? bob oh , so -so . I get a job , bet you never expect to see that . dianne no shit , where be you work ? bob oh , down at some machine shop on western . dianne what do you do there ? bob drill hole . dianne drill hole ? bob yeah , you know , like the hole that bolt fit into and such . dianne oh yeah ? how do you like it ? 9-10-88 90 bob well , to tell you the truth , it 's kind of a drag . dianne then you be really serious . you be go to go on with this thing . bob yeah , I be , dianne . sit down here , why do not you take off you coat and stay awhile . dianne oh , I can not Bob , I get people wait for I down in the car . I just come up to see how you be do . here ... dianne struggle with something in she purse , and come up with a small package . Bob smile dianne this be from Rick and the rest of we . we kind of think you might need a taste once in awhile . and take the package . bob thanks , dianne . I sure do appreciate you all think of I . dianne Bob ? bob yeah ? dianne what happen ? what make you turn around that day ? be it I , do I do something wrong ? or be it just that thing with nadine ? bob no , baby , it be not you . it be nadine 's death and the hex that she throw on we with the hat . and then I panicked when I look out into that parking lot and see all that cop car . I just know I be dead . everything up to then have go wrong and so I start cope deuce . I pray like never before . I say '' God , Devil , Sun , whoever you be up there that control this whirly - girly mad tumble world , please have pity on I . please let I get this poor girl 's body out of yroLu - bo 91 bob ( continue ) this motel room and into the ground so I do not have to spend the rest of my life in prison . and God , Sun , Satan , if you will ] do that for I , I will show my appreciation by go back to the coast , get on a methadone program , get a job and live the good life . " well , I get out , and I promise , so here I be . dianne be you go to stick to it forever ? bob yeah . and , you know , for all the boredom the good life bring , it 's not so bad . even this crummy little room be not so bad . I 'ma regular guy . I get my regular job . and my regular room . now I get my woman . . . dianne sit down on the bed and sigh . dianne you be crazy , Bob , you be really crazy . but I see what you mean . Jesus , Bob , if I have know what it be all about , I would have come along with you , I think you be mad at I for something . bob why do not you go tell you friend you be go to stay the night , and then come back up here and bed down with I for awhile ? dianne I would like to Bob , ( dianne lower she eye ) but I get another old man now . I work for Rick now , be not that a gas ? there we be teach the brat to steal , and now I be on he crew . thing sure can get screw around , can not they ? Bob nod yes . dianne I would like to stay the night with you really I would . only I be Rick 's old lady now . and you know I , Bob , I might have be a lot of thing , but I never be a tramp . Bob manage a smile . a long pause . 200 201 202 203 204 204a 205 9-10-88 92 bob I will see you , dianne . ( Bob lead dianne out the door . ) you stop back by sometime . int . hallway night Bob wave at dianne as she walk down the hall . bob it sure be good to see you . and you be really look good . I sure wish I could go with you and win you back . int . room night Bob slowly close the door and wander back to he bed and sit down slowly , think . ext . STREET night dianne 's figure , in the rain , darkly step into the wait car . then the car take off . int . bob' room night Bob sit . dissolve to : int . bob' workplace day snt . sub ae ee Bob drilling hole . ext . STREET dusk Bob , carry grocery and whistling , walk past a donut shop where gentry be drink a cup of coffee . int . hallway of HOTEL y Bob walk down the hall of he hotel and open the door to he room . he be carry the grocery . 206 207 208 208a 9-10-88 93 int . room day Bob enter he room , put down the grocery and poke around he closet , under a pile of rag in one corner , he come up with the package dianne have leave he the night before and leave the room . int . stairway day Bob bound up the stair one flight . int . hallway day xe Bob knock on Tom 's door . Tom open the door of he apartment . Bob hand he package to he . tom what 's this ? bob a little gift , someone leave it for I last night , but I be not go to need it , seein ' as how I have get my new program go , so you take it . int . room day xk they both step into the room and Tom shut and lock the door behind he . he lay the sock on the bedside table and empty the content . bob I do not know exactly what 's in it , but ... tom God bless you my son . May you go to heaven . let 's see just what 's in this . oh , yeah - this be for square , never touch the stuff . now this here , this bottle of one hundred sixteenths of dilaudid , this could come in handy . this will certainly earn you a indulgence . bob I be not so sure . I have come a long , weird road since I know you as a kid , Tom . I take everything you tell I and take it further . hitting the poison when everybody else be clean up , get on the program . I hada good run , but people get hurt . people be 209 210 9-10-88 94 bob ( continue ) shot , bust , people die . I can not do it anymore . the girl I marry still think she 's ma barker but I be think like pa kettle . my cross-road day be do , I guess I hope to never see another sit - duck pharmacy . and I have to confess I do not know what it be all for . tom ( measure he word ) there be more thing than we foot that carry we to sin , my son . few thing in my own past I would just as soon forget . who can say who get a second chance ? but I hope you make it , kid , may I fall down and be paralyze if I do not mean it . int . hall night dusk Bob leave Tom 's room and stride lightly down the stair . - int . bob' room night Bob open the door and enter , open up he closet to hang up he coat . the hammer of a gun click , and as Bob step back , a man wear a ski mask step out of the closet with the gun aim at Bob . mask where 's it at , Bob , where 's it at ? close view of Bob 's head , there be a roaring noise froma blow , and Bob be send to the floor . bob I do not know what you be talk about . what do you want ? mask we want you dope , man , where 's the dope ? Bob squirm on the floor as he mind race . bob man , I be not get no dope . you think I would be live in this flea trap 1 £ I have any dope ? Hell , I be on the methadone program , and you guy come to I to rob for dope ? Boy , that sure be a laugh . 9-10-88 95 Bob try to make he point by let out a laugh , but it do not work . the laugh do not come out right . it sound more like a howl . mask okay , buster . you want it the hard way and we be just the dude that can give it to you . Bob seem to recognize the voice . bob be that you voice , David ? David kick he again in the head . hand tie Bob 's hand together . bob David , you little punk . I be tell you the truth . I be go straight . you ought to try it sometime . it 's good for the soul . david Fucking liar ! where be it , Bob ? we hear you be here . we know this be all a scam you be play . the figure begin to kick Bob . and no matter how he move he could not get away from they blow . david where be it , Bob , where be it ? bob' voice over just like on tv , fuck tv baby . what be the world come to with all this tv baby . what be people go to do once they snap that they have raise a whole new breed of little monster ? finally the attacker be out of breath , breathe hard through they ski mask . bob' voice over Hell , I should have stay on the road , I be stupid to think that clean up my hand would make any difference to the hat . david so where be it ?! accomplice what be we go to do ? the bastard either do not have it or he 's go to die before he tell we . 211 212 213 214 9-10-88 96 david kill the sonofabitch . 1'11 bet you the next bastard we capture will tell we where it 's at . so he 's tough . they be not all tough . I say kill he . do you hear I Bob ? no response . David raise the pistol ( a twenty - two ) and shoot Bob once in the back . int . next door artment night a older woman have she ear to the wall , when she hear the shot , she coil back . she listen some more and hear the two leave . int . hallway night the old woman see that the hallway be clear . she race to Bob 's room ; see Bob on the ground , get up . she go to the end of the hall and call on a pay phone . int . / ext . HOTEL night detective gentry arrive outside the Hotel just as they be bring Bob out on a stretcher . one look at Bob convince gentry that Bob be hurt badly . no , Bob do not look good at all . gentry how 's he do ? a attendant shrug . view of Tom the Priest look out he window . ambulance go down the road . not bulance ght gentry squat next to the stretcher . gentry you awake , Bob ? gentry hang over bob. gentry who get you , Bob ? Bob open he eye and smile . 9- 10 -88 97 gentry be it halamer ? Bob shake he head from side to side meaning no , the light from streetlight play with he face . gentry wipe he brow , glad that halamer be not responsible . gentry who get you ? what happen ? bob the hat . gentry lean closer . gentry the hat , Bob ? do you say the hat ? gentry reach into a pocket and take out a little black book to write in . Bob nod yes . gentry write it down . bob tell dianne to watch out for the hat . tell she . gentry okay , Bob , tell dianne to watch out for the hat . again Bob nod . gentry do the hat shoot you , Bob ? bob no , the tv baby shot I . gentry the tv baby shot you , Bob , but the hat send they , be that it ? Bob laugh at gentry bob never mind . i'11 tell she myself . gentry be a bit confuse , but write it down in the black book . Close view of Bob 's face , he smile , and the view tilt up to see out the ambulance window . the end