the duchess screenplay by jeffery hatcher and ander thomas jensen and saul dibb base on the book '' georgiana , duchess of devonshire '' by amanda foreman this script be the confidential and proprietary property of paramount vantage , and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote , or publish without prior write permission . ext . garden . althorp - day title : althorp estate , 1774 two servant knock in four flag post , with fifty pace in between . they be mark out a race track of some kind . we be on the back lawn of a beautiful country house . off in the distance be field fill with sheep , long grass and tree . it 's a perfect summer 's day with bird sing and a gentle breeze rustling in leave . six aristocratic young men stand in a group on the field . they be prepare for a run race : take they jacket off and lay they down , then roll up they sleeve . on the lawn , a similar size group of aristocratic young women stand across from they . behind be a tent and a table with the remain of a outdoor picnic . to one side of the woman a young , beautiful and content georgiana approach with a hat . Inside be fold up piece of paper which she mix around . she offer the hat to the woman and they each pick a piece of paper . one after another they read out the name of the man opposite who look over and smile . georgiana be leave with the last name , and look up . georgiana ( loudly ) you would better not let I down , Charles grey . I have get twenty guinea riding on you . a young man , charle grey look back . he be quick to reply . grey only twenty ? I have double that if I be you . georgiana smile , while the look on grey 's face suggest that he 's take this very seriously . he join the other man in the start line up , who also seem pretty intent on win . georgiana be you ready gentleman ? twice around the track . on my count , three ...two ...one ...go ! georgiana drop a handkerchief . the man immediately sprint out across the park . the woman start to cheer . georgiana shout the loudest , then start to jump up and down . georgiana ( cont 'd ) come on grey , come on ! CUT to : int . althorp - day in close up , a quill pen dip into a ink well and start to write on a virgin piece of white paper , ' the fourteenth Day of May , seventeen hundre and seventy four ... 's heaton , a solicitor , be at a table write this document , he ink pen scraping against the paper . around he , the room have the atmosphere of a serious occasion : still and dark although the sun shine brightly outside and the voice of the woman - especially georgiana - bleed through . the duke , heaton 's employer , be stand at the library window , look into the garden at georgiana cheer on the young man . the scene be distort through the wavy glass window pane : a beautiful and mildly surreal image . lady spencer be seat behind the duke , perch on the edge of a large sofa , with lord spencer behind she . she try to ignore the mute scream of she daughter in the background . lady spencer ( cautiously ) I trust you Grace still find georgiana a attractive girl ? the duke turn and we now see he face properly . he be handsome , older than georgiana , and have a rakish twinkle in he eye . he look at lady spencer enigmatically . duke of course , Lady Spencer . another of georgiana 's shout audibly register . lady spencer start to pour tea from a silver samovar in front of she in a effort to drow out the noise . lady spencer she be well - breed and devote to she duty . she speak french , Latin and italian , and be fully verse in horsemanship and dance ... duke yes , I be aware of all that . she be a credit to you . lady spencer --.- I can not think of anything in she that would stand in the way of a singularly happy marriage - the duke turn for a brief moment and smile inscrutably at lady spencer . heaton cut to the chase . heaton this be not the issue that burden the Duke , Lady Spencer . it be his Grace 's duty to produce a heir . on the other hand , you daughter may expect a handsome reward when that occur -— duke thank you , heaton . burleigh ( resume he write ) you Grace ... the duke remain look out of the window , not so much out of interest in georgiana , but rather because he find this pre-nuptial proceedings uncomfortable . lady spencer throw a brief glance at lord spencer , who seem disincline to discuss this matter . she resolutely turn to the duke . lady spencer you Grace can rest assure . the woman in we family have never forfeit on that account . lady spencer smile at she husband who nod back . heaton look to the duke for confirmation , then decide to address he comment to no one in particular . heaton well with that assurance ... heaton turn the document around toward the other for they to look at . the duke smile at they , then turn and fastidiously remove a spot on the window pane . duke so be it , then . CUT to : omitted ext . althorp house - day the man be run back . grey be in the lead . georgiana come on grey ! grey put he head down and accelerate . he win , totally out of breath and sweat . all the other follow , similarly exhaust and bent over double . georgiana turn to the other woman , a book contain all the bet they have laid in she hand . georgiana ( cont 'd ) ( charm smile ) I do apologise lady but it appear my horse have win . the young woman smile , and gather around georgiana . grey approach from behind , still slightly out of breath , manly and athletic . georgiana turn to he . georgiana ( cont 'd ) well do Mr grey . he look intensely at she , bravely stand much closer than may normally be expect . some of the young people notice this , and there 's a edge of tension at this risque behaviour . grey ( plirtatiously ) and my reward ? georgiana return the look . georgiana what would you suggest ? the young people - eavesdropp on this conversation - smile and look at each other . grey be just about to come back with a reply when ... servant you mother wish to see you Lady georgiana . 4aak georgiana curtsy to grey who bow in return before georgiana run off . grey watch she go . CUT to : int . althorp . day 4aa lady spencer wait inside . georgiana enter . georgiana I must apologize mama , be we make too much noise ? lady spencer not at all , darling . we have much more important thing to talk of . come here . georgiana wait expectantly for a explanation . lady spencer reveal nothing , hold in she secret , but she excitement can not help but shine through . lady spencer ( cont 'd ) I have hear a rumour ... lady spencer pause for dramatic effect . georgiana yes ...? lady spencer ... that I shall very soon be address my daughter as her Grace , the duchess of devonshire . georgiana be take wholly by surprise . georgiana be it true , mama ? lady spencer ( proudly ) it be . georgiana ... the Duke of devonshire ... lady spencer I have hope not to part with you until 18 at the soonest , but with such a fine match it would be selfish of I not to let you go . 4ab 4a georgiana he love I ? lady spencer yes , of course . georgiana ( excite ) I have meet he only twice . lady spencer when one truly love someone , one do not have to know they well to be certain , georgiana . one feel it right away . [ pause ] I do believe you will be happy with he . georgiana I know I shall , mama ... I know I shall . CUT to : ext . althorp . day 4ab georgiana walk out onto the balcony and look into the garden . the young people be chat and eat . grey , however , be to one side , look out across the field . georgiana take a moment to herself . in the last light of day , sun ray illuminate pollen in the air around she . the camera move in to a close up of she optimistic face . CUT to : omitted 4n int . london church - morning 5 close up of georgiana 's face , same frame as before , but now heavily make up and in she bridal dress . wedding music play as she be walk forward down the aisle , in this relatively small and intimate space . at the far end stand a select group of powerful and important aristocrat . as georgiana pass lady spencer , she mother look incredibly proud . when georgiana reach the duke , he look compose . she smile at he . credit be superimpose throughout this sequence , until the main title appear as georgiana stand at the front : the duchess 9a the music stop . the priest step up to begin the service . CUT to : ext . duke 's gilt coach . london STREET - day 9 it 's a wide and busy London street . there be ordinary people on the side of it , traffic kick up dust . it 's a messy mass of noise and smell , smoke and dirt . through the middle of this come the dukea gilt coach follow by two other coach , in stark contrast to they surroundings . head turn to look at this eighteenth century motorcade , people wave , child start to run after it . CUT to : int . duke 's gilt coach . london STREET - day 9a still in she wedding dress , georgiana sit alongside the duke in he carriage . the duke have he curtain close around he to shield he from public view , although georgiana be stare intently at the people outside . there 's a awkward silence . finally , georgiana what do they want ? duke to see I . and my new wife , of course . georgiana oh. duke it 's a damn nuisance , but you 'il get use to it . georgiana , however , smile and give a little wave : she do not mind at all . a bit further down this street the carriage near a set of massive gate where a large group of the general public can be see wait and wave outside . duke ( cont 'd ) here we be . the carriage begin to turn . CUT to : 10 10 a 11 i/e. devonshire house - day 10 the carriage turn off the street and through the massive gateway . the gate be lock behind they . Inside the huge courtyard devonshire House be reveal as a oversize , stark and austere building . a wall run all the way around it , block the view and complete the forebode sense of arrive in a prison . the footman open georgiana 's carriage door . georgiana step out into this hugely intimidating space . flag bear the Duke 's crest blow in the wind , make a tense and aggressive sound . she stop a moment to take it all in . burleigh , the head butler step forward . burleigh welcome , you Grace . burleigh then lead she toward row of household servant who be formally line up to greet she . they bow and curtsy as georgiana walk past . servant 1 you Grace . servant 2 you Grace . georgiana look up to find the duke have disappear inside . CUT to : int . devonshire house . entrance hall . day 10 a georgiana enter a massive marble entrance hall . the duke stand at the top of the staircase , with he two dog either side of he . duke ( 0.s. ) this way . CUT to : int . the duke's bedroom - night 11 georgiana stand in front of the duke . he take a pair of scissors and cut through the stitching of she wedding dress , let it fall to the floor . she smile at he , a bit nervous . he proceed to remove the rest of she underclothes , a pile grow around she ankle . the duke you be in safe hand . his attempt to reassure she only serve to unnerve georgiana more . she remain stand and look up at the ceiling , while the duke expertly unlace she corset . the duke ( cont 'd ) for the life of I I do not understand why woman 's attire must be so damned complicated . georgiana I suppose it 's just we way of express ourselves . the duke whatever do you mean ? georgiana well , that you have so many way of express yourselves , whereas we must make do with we hat and we dress , I suppose . the duke hmmm . the corset fall to the floor . the duke then remove georgiana 's chemise . suddenly , she be completely naked . she send the duke a uneasy look . for a moment he appear to be lose in he thought , just stare at she . georgiana be something the matter ? the duke no , not in the least . go to the bed , please . georgiana go to the bed . the duke start to undress . around he the face of he forefather bear down from the massive portrait on the wall of he bedroom . 12 13 14 the duke , now naked , walk over to the bed and stand before she . the camera be behind the duke and focuss on georgiana : have never see a penis before let alone a erect one , she be intently and nervously stare at he . the duke ( cont 'd ) ( bend down ) kiss I . georgiana finally kiss he , inexpertly . he lie down on top of and penetrate she , the look on she face suggest this be a extremely new and strange experience . the duke begin to move rhythmically while georgiana still try to make sense of the whole thing - all the time watch intensely from the wall by dozen of he male ancestor 's eye . CUT to : omitted 12 int . devonshire house - blue room - day 13 georgiana sit look isolate and lonely in a huge gilt - edge blue room . she be try to read a book but she concentration continue to be interrupt by the presence of male footmen station at two of the door , like sentries . she turn a page and try to focus but fail . a tall servant enter . georgiana put the book down . heaton Lady Spencer , you Grace . georgiana look up , relieved , to see she mother enter . heaton bow and walk away across the vast space . CUT to : int . devonshire house - drawing room - day - later 14 georgiana sit with lady spencer . they be play card - with real money laid out in front of they - and talk . lady spencer ... one have to accept one 's responsibility , my darling . certain obligation come with marriage , no matter how burdensome they may seem . georgiana yes , but when we be together , intimately , I mean , he ... lady spencer I know ; it can be a bother . however , it be only until you have give he a son . the occasion will then become fewer , and less ... determine . Lady Spencer place down a card . georgiana I think it would feel different if he might talk to I every once ina while . it 's not that he 's unkind but he never talk to I . lady spencer well , perhaps you ought to talk less . I fear I may have give you a little too much education . you make tiring conversation and ask question which a man be disincline to answer . georgiana look at she mother in resignation . how can anyone have too much education ? lady spencer ( cont 'd ) learn this thing take time , too . Marriage be just like language or music or painting . it require a long apprenticeship . georgiana yes . but he be ... he be not at all as when I first meet he . I think he would be like papa . under he cool reserve I would find a wealth of depth and sentiment . but he do not seem interested in anything . apart from he dog . lady spencer try not to be too hard on his Grace , G . he be merely intent on fulfil he duty . as for talk to he - whatever be there to talk about , my dear ? georgiana no , you be right . how foolish of I to think that I should be able to converse with my husband . lady spencer sigh and look at she spirite daughter . 15 lady spencer georgiana , equip yourself with patience , fortitude and resignation . a boy will come soon enough , then you will see . georgiana nod . she send she mother a polite little smile , then lay down a win card and scoops the pile of money toward she . CUT to : int . devonshire house - ballroom - night 15 a great , noisy dinner party . whig in full gala , among which be charle fox , a stout little man make a speech in the grand room . everybody listen to he . heaton watch on from the side . georgiana be by he side , she attire conspicuously more dare than before . she look apprehensive : she be the only woman in a room dominate by alcohol and testosterone - fuelle men , one of whom be relieving himself into a chamber pot at the side of the room . georgiana , though , pay attention to fox . the duke , at the other end of the table , do not . fox «+-a political party , in my definition , consist of man of honour , entertaining similar principle that may be more successfully pursue by the force of mutual support and , not to forget , the unfail generosity of he Grace the Duke of devonshire . everybody look to the duke , applaud loudly and somewhat sycophantically . the duke nod cordially . fox ( cont 'd ) so between the persistence of my own humble self ... everybody laugh again , include georgiana , thus betray that nobody find Fox humble . fox , pleased with the success of he joke , join in the laughter . fox ( cont 'd ) I say , between my persistence and the Duke 's purse , we must always remember the honourable and principle aim of the whig party , aim that some consider radical but which , to we , seem simply just and right and sensible . ( more ) fox ( cont 'd ) just to bring independence to America . right to end the slave trade . and sensible to pursue freedom for the common man , so that the blessing of this bless plot , this England , may be more equally enjoy - by all of its inhabitant . all this be greet by ' hear hear 's from the room , and a deep thoughtfulness from georgiana . fox ( cont 'd ) and so - have keep everyone from the burgundy long enough - let I propose a toast to we host and benefactor he Grace , the Duke , and he beautiful new duchess . they all shout " hear , hear " , reach for they glass and toast in the direction of the duke . he nod cordially back . fox sit down at georgiana 's side . the murmur of small talk rise as the guest carry on with they eat and drink . a macaroni on the other side of fox compliment he speech . macaroni excellent speech , Mr. Fox , splendid . fox I thank you . however , it be always easy to address a congregation of friend , and even more so when that friend be drunk . the macaroni and georgiana smile . macaroni how do the duchess find Mr. Fox 's speech ? georgiana I must confess I be not yet at ease with political speech . they very form tend to obstruct my view to they actual meaning - if such there be . fox , expect inane flattery , be surprised , although favourably impressed by georgiana 's candour . the macaroni , not observe that georgiana have earn fox 's undivide attention , proceed to think that he be still part of the conversation : macaroni ( ingratiatingly ) I myself find it very rouse ... fox ignore he . he know who he want to talk to . fox in which particular section of the speech do the message elude you Grace ? georgiana well , I have great sympathy with you sentiment in general , but fail fully to comprehend how far we - the whig party , that be - be fully commit to the concept of freedom . fox we would like to see the vote extend ... georgiana to all man ...? fox heavens no . but certainly to more man . freedom , in moderation . georgiana " freedom in moderation " ? fox ( please with himself ) precisely . georgiana nod , then smile faintly , but mischievously . georgiana I be sure you be full of the best intention , Mr. Fox , but I dare say I would not spend my vote - assume I have it - on so vague a statement . either one be free or one be not . the concept of freedom be a absolute . after all , one cannot be moderately dead , moderately love , or moderately free . it must always remain a matter of either or . Fox smile at georgiana in surprise . 16 georgiana ( cont 'd ) ( cheeky ) it be no wonder you be have such problem at the ballot box . georgiana smile , winningly . Fox scrutinize she face , not a little shocked but clearly impressed . another well - dress man tap he glass and rise to speak . the room fall silent . man I think it 's appropriate to say a few word ... the duke seem in no mood for another speech , and resolutely get up and leave . the entire company , include the man about to make a speech , look bewilder at one another . georgiana , too , be surprised and do not really know what she should do , so she stand too and go after the duke . CUT to : int . devonshire house - corridor - night 16 the duke be in the middle of a corridor , where he have stop to talk to a young maid . georgiana exit the room behind he , try to catch up . georgiana you Grace ? the duke turn and look at georgiana . the young maid curtsy and exit . georgiana ( cont 'd ) be anything the matter ? duke no ... georgiana you just leave ? duke well ... I have do eat . and that damn speech bore I to distraction . we have to ban they in the future . georgiana but you be the whig main supporter ... 17 duke I have no problem with politics , it 's the rhetoric I can not stand . the duke turn back and continue down the corridor . georgiana shall I come with you ? duke not at all , why ever should you ? the duke turn and leave . georgiana look at he , bemuse . CUT to : int . devonshire house - ballroom - night 17 the conversation have stop , everyone fearful they benefactor be aggrieve for some reason . the whole table of man watch as georgiana sit back down , look to she for reassurance . she address the room . georgiana the Duke be fine . he simply want to rest a while . people do not look convinced . fox be it the length of the speech that get the better of the Duke ? georgiana ( to the room ) certainly not . he enjoy it immensely and express a hope that next time it would be even longer . all the man laugh . Fox send she a look and raise he glass to she . she smile back at they all , reach out for a drink , raise it back to fox and take a long swig . CUT to : 18 19 20 int . devonshire house - ballroom - late night 18 late night , and all the guest have leave . burleigh oversee as a team of servant be clear up the mess : extinguish the candle on the huge candelabra , on they hand and knee scraping food under the table etc . CUT to : int . devonshire house - corridor - night 19 georgiana pass quietly down the long candlelit corridor and of this massive house . she be happy , buoyant , tipsy . georgiana walk towards they bedroom . suddenly a door open and the young maid the duke be talk to earlier come run out , half naked , carry she clothes in she arm . she look at georgiana in alarm , and run off . georgiana look at she , shocked and speechless , as she disappear off into the darkness of the corridor . georgiana turn and proceed toward the bedroom . CUT to : int . devonshire house - bedroom - late night 20 in the bedroom the duke be sit half naked on the bed . georgiana stop at a distance . georgiana what be go on ? duke about what ? georgiana approach , unnerve . georgiana what have you be do ? duke nothing to concern you . he smile at she , kiss she . georgiana wait , William . I do not understand ... duke what be there to understand ? georgiana be lose for word . 21 22 23 duke ( cont 'd ) you look very beautiful tonight . fascinating fabric . be this dress you design ? georgiana yes it be . thank you . duke then allow I to appreciate it in more detail . the duke kiss she breast and proceed to remove she clothes . georgiana , with a desire to do the right thing , acquiesce . CUT to : ext . devonshire house - afternoon - EST 21 time have pass . month . the season have change from summer to autumn , with wind in the tree and leave on the ground , which workmen be busy collect . CUT to : omitted 22 int . devonshire house - dine room - day 23 georgiana and the duke sit together in a gigantic dining room at a very long table . in the corner a musician quietly play the harpsichord provide a low background ambience . servant discreetly serve food and wine . georgiana and the duke eat in silence . after a few moment burleigh emerge to whisper something into the ear of the duke . he understand the message and nod . the duke send they in ... burleigh exit . georgiana look at he . georgiana ( lighting up ) be we have company ? be it Fox ? the duke chew he food and swallow before he reply . the duke do not you think this mutton have a funny taste ? georgiana not really , no ... the duke well , I do ... heaton enter with a nanny hold a little three - year- old girl , charlotte , by the hand . the girl be very nervous . the duke look at they , then at georgiana . the duke ( cont 'd ) this be Charlotte . she will be stay with we . georgiana look at the little girl who remain absolutely still . then she look at the duke . georgiana why ...? the duke signal to the butler that they can leave the room , upon which the butler lead the nanny and Charlotte out . the duke because she mother be dead . she have no other place to go . georgiana look in disbelief at the duke . the penny drop : georgiana have you fathere that child ? the duke it 's only a little girl , georgiana , hardly the end of the world . the duke send a suspicious look at the mutton before he . he look up again , only to find that georgiana be still stare at he . he take a tiny bite of the mutton , examine its taste as if he suspect poison , during which he continue : georgiana I be pregnant with you child . surely you be not expect I to look after she ? the duke we have a house full of vacant room , G . she need not trouble you . as a matter of fact , she may even be of use ; you can practice you motherhood on she ... ( gesture at she stomach ) ++.until we son arrive . georgiana hand move protectively toward she stomach to reveal she be midway through pregnancy . she look at he , silently furious and hurt . the duke ( cont 'd ) this certainly do not taste like normal mutton . I be sure something be the matter with it . 24 24a the duke push he plate away and smile at she . a servant immediately step forward to take the plate away . CUT to : int . devonshire house - corridor - early evening 24 georgiana walk past , pause outside the room in which the nanny be put charlotte to bed for the night . she hear sobbing come from inside . georgiana be move by this but steal herself against the painful sound and walk off . after a few pace she stop . CUT to : int . devonshire house - child be room - early evening 24a the little girl be lie on the bed , the nanny try to comfort she . georgiana ( 0.s. ) would you leave we , please . nanny you Grace , I do not see you . the nanny look nervously at georgiana , not know whether she ought to leave . georgiana ... leave we , please ... the nanny scurries out of the room . georgiana sit down on charlotte 's bed . charlotte be hide she face , still sobbing . she reach for she doll , as if it be threaten by georgiana 's presence and she mean to rescue it . georgiana ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) I be georgiana . what 's you name ? charlotte make no reply . georgiana smile at she . she can see that she be tremble and gently put she hand on she shoulder to calm she . georgiana ( cont 'd ) shh , there now , you be safe here «.. so what do you call you doll ? no answer . georgiana ( cont 'd ) surely , it must have a name . every doll must have a name . charlotte stare at she in silence . 25 25 a georgiana ( cont 'd ) let we make a deal , then . tonight you decide on a name for you doll . you may choose between any in the whole wide world , and then , in the morning , you tell I which one you have pick . Charlotte nod slowly . georgiana rise and turn to leave . charlotte ( 0.s. ) Alice . georgiana turn back to Charlotte and smile . georgiana good night then Alice . and good night Charlotte . CUT to : ext . devonshire house . courtyard - winter evening 25 it 's snow outside and guest arrive in fur coat . CUT to : int . devonshire house . entrance hall - winter evening 25a musician be play in the foyer . georgiana - dress amazingly - receive people with smile , and pose as a newspaper sketcher draw she from the corner of the hall . her belly be gigantic - she be in the very last stage of pregnancy . fox arrive with the flushed and flashy richard sheridan . he look at she . sheridan a inch more , and I do believe you Grace will explode . fox sheridan certainly know how to pay a compliment . georgiana smile . georgiana there be still a few more week to wait . fox a huge belly have never be more become on anyone . 26 sheridan and Fox here offer a expert opinion , see , as he do , a giant belly every time he pass a mirror . georgiana smile . sheridan lean against fox in affect confidentiality . sheridan ( cont 'd ) if you belly be on a woman , we would all know what to think . fox lean against sheridan in imitation of he act . fox my dear sheridan , less than a hour ago , my belly be on a woman - so now what do you think ? georgiana delight in the risky repartee . georgiana that will teach you to insult Mr Fox before the game have begin . CUT to : int . devonshire house - red room - later 26 the ballroom have be convert into a game area with a series of round card table and be full of gambler . it have a decadent , opulent and smoky atmosphere . the duke be at one table while georgiana sit at another with sheridan to one side and fox to the other . the conversation run fast and easy . dealer her Grace win again . georgiana pull in she chip . dealer ( cont 'd ) another wager ? sheridan I be out . my fund have run dry and I have no one leave to borrow from . fox maybe it would be different if people think you have the slight intention of pay they back ? 27 sheridan one should never give money to one 's creditor , dear boy . it only encourage they . georgiana be there no one in London not in debt ? sheridan just the poor . they all laugh loudly . suddenly georgiana stiffen as she feel a sharp pain . she gasp and look at they in alarm . sheridan ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? georgiana yes ... she do not look convinced . another dart of pain . georgiana be in anguish . georgiana ( cont 'd ) I would like to ... another shoot pain . by now , fox , sheridan , and several of the other guest have jump to they foot to help she out . the duke notice the turmoil from he table . duke be that labour pain ? my wife be in labour ! the duke now raise he glass and address the guest . he look genuinely excited . duke ( cont 'd ) I think this call for a toast . I may have a heir before the night be out . he toast . everybody join in the toast and some cheer , save that who be help georgiana out of the room . the last image be of the duke , happy and proud . CUT to : int . devonshire house . entrance hall - a few day later 27 the house be quiet . lady spencer hurry inside . CUT to : 28 29 int . devonshire house . ballroom - day 28 lady spencer step into the room , still dress in she cape . a servant follow she and receive she cape . she be surprised by the sight in front of she : the duke be throw a ball to exercise he dog who scamper around the ballroom . lady spencer you Grace — the duke I be in no mood for conversation , I be afraid . lady spencer but , pray tell , be my daughter - the duke be you daughter at all able to give I a son ? beat , as lady spencer take in the situation and quickly contemplate she response . lady spencer take heart , you Grace . as long as the mother be in good health , consider this mishap a draft , a promise of what be soon to come . in we family - the duke yes , yes - lady spencer stop as the duke wave she away , in a gesture which roughly signal that the duke appreciate she effort to comfort he , but be too troubled to talk . lady spencer smile politely and leave . the duke ( cont 'd ) ( mutter ) Hell and damnation ... the duke throw the ball deep into the room , he dog racing to retrieve it . CUT to : int . devonshire house - blue room - day 29 georgiana be sit by the cot , totally engross with she new baby , stroking its arm , stare at its face . a wind up music BOX be play nearby . lady spencer enter the room . georgiana look up and smile . lady spencer darling , how be you ? georgiana quite well . lady spencer send she a warm smile and step up to look at the baby sleep in georgiana 's arm . lady spencer .and be she strong and healthy ? georgiana nod and smile . georgiana she be perfect . lady spencer smile and look at the girl . lady spencer she be she mother 's likeness ... georgiana smile as she look down at the baby with she mother . then she mind shift , and she expression become darker . there be a edge to she tone . georgiana do William receive you ? lady spencer yes . georgiana be he upset that it be not a son ? he just glance at she briefly and leave . I have hardly see he since . lady spencer it 's be a difficult time for his Grace , my dear . many eye be upon he , not all of they kind . lady spencer sense the tension and look back at the baby , keen to change the subject . lady spencer ( cont 'd ) why , she 's the loveliest ... the baby start to wake up , hungry and cry . lady spencer ( cont 'd ) nurse ... Lady Spencer gesture to the wet nurse to come forward which she do , unbuttone she shirt to feed . georgiana ( firmly ) no , I will do it , thank you . the wet nurse look to Lady Spencer . lady spencer darling , be you sure ...? 30 31 32 32a 33 34 35 georgiana yes , I be she mother after all . even if she be only a girl . georgiana be already start to feed she hungry baby from she breast , a picture of earthy motherhood in stark contrast to the pomp of she surroundings . lady spencer look over at this headstrong young woman , not a little bit worried . CUT to : omitted 30 omitted 31 omitted 32 ext . countryside - day 32a a very wide shot of the empty English countryside , with the train of gilt coach mid-frame , glint in the sunshine . two more coach follow , laden with staff and luggage . CUT to : i/e. gilt coach . day - early summer 33 Close up on the face of a three year old girl , harryo , sit in a gilt coach . harryo sit next to charlotte , now age 10 , and G ( 4 ) . georgiana - now four year older - sit opposite . she be sketching dress design while the child play with card . in the second coach the duke sit alone and in silence - bar he dog - stare out of the window at the pass countryside . a newspaper sit besides he with a story about georgiana on the front page . he have also age four year . CUT to : omitted 34 omitted 35 36 ext . the town of bath - day 36 the coach go past the Royal Crescent . on the grass in the foreground lot of people be strolling , have picnic , child play . CUT to : 36a 37 38 omitted 36a ext . rented bath house . day - later 37 the first coach stop in front of a massive villa . servant jump down to open the door of the coach . CUT to : int . rented bath house . foyer - day 38 the foyer alone be fabulous , spacious , sparkling . the duke survey the place . finally he sigh , as if it 's a bad motel . duke well . it will have to do . it 's only for a month . the duke go o.s. georgiana enter , accompany by the child , and soon after by servant carry mass of luggage : suitcase , hatboxes , shoebox etc . little G watch they go past . little G if we be only here for a month , mama , why do you have so many case ? georgiana ( smiling , ironic ) a lady need a change of clothes , my darling . little G smile back . georgiana ( cont 'd ) now , who will get the best bedroom ? georgiana look to she child . they run into the house full of excitement and energy , with they mother hot on they heel . CUT to : 39 40 4l omitted 39 omitted 40 int . bath assembly room . night 41 there 's a massive ball inside , all guest in formal clothes . lead whig jame hare address the crowd from the balcony . jame hare it be always a delight , when one be on holiday , to request a few word of wisdom . so without further ado it be a great honour to hand over to we most distinguished guest ... we see the face of the duke and georgiana stand in the darkness of the wing behind hare . who be he refer to ? jame hare ( cont 'd ) when she appear , every eye be turn towards she ; when absent , she be the subject of universal conversation ; and what we see she wear tonight , I look forward to see the rest of you wear tomorrow ... the duke 's face seem to sink . jame hare ( cont 'd ) ... the Empress of fashion herself ... the duchess of devonshire . the crowd applaud loudly . georgiana enter , accompany by the duke . there 's a hushed ' wow 's as everyone take in she extraordinary appearance : she wear a huge , three foot adorned wig with ostrich feather insert into it . she beam at the crowd , the total centre of attention . the duke look uncomfortable next to she . georgiana we come away to bath to get away from London and all of London have come away to bath . everyone laugh . the duke force a smile . georgiana ( cont 'd ) I always appreciate the honourable Mr hare ' introduction . he have a jeweller 's wit ; ( more ) georgiana ( cont 'd ) whenever he turn a phrase , one find another facet . 42 there be chuckle from the crowd . georgiana , look confident , stroke the feather in she hair . georgiana ( cont 'd ) and as he suggest , somebody do indeed ask I earlier what kind of feather it be I be wear . well , only two specimen of this rare bird be know to man . one of they have clearly end up on top of my head . the other , rumour have it , be run for office in the tory party . there be great laughter . georgiana look to the side of the room and see that the duke have catch the eye of a young blush beauty . she smile at he . CUT to : int . bath assembly room . night - later 42 high tempo music be be play by some musician . many people be dance energetically on the floor - especially georgiana who be in the middle of a group of admirer : on a high and bask in the attention . georgiana be a expert dancer , move from one male partner to the next . the camera follow the feather on she head stand high over everyone as she twirl around the room , like a shark fin jutting out above the water line . 43 44 all eye be upon she : court reporter in the corner try to sketch it ; man look on from the side with barely disguise sexual interest ; woman look at she dress , the feather , and then they husband 's reaction . the duke , however , stand at the side , pretend only to be half - watch . georgiana be spur on by he indifference , and as the dance progress , she begin to show off and flirt in inverse proportion to it . georgiana then lose herself in the dance until ... she glance up to see the duke talk to another prey - a beautiful young woman in a dark dress , bess foster . georgiana now see bess evidently rejecting the ducal overture and leave the room . rejection be a new experience for the duke , and he be appropriately take aback , as be georgiana . the duke 's eye stay on bess as she leave into the next room . georgiana stop dance . georgiana ( to she partner ) Excuse I ... georgiana turn and walk away from the dancers . CUT to : omitted 43 int . bath assembly room . octagon room . night - later 44 bess be help herself to some food from the sideboard . she be about to take a bite of a tart when she see georgiana , stare . georgiana I do not believe we have be formally introduce ? bess I have not , at any rate . Lady Elizabeth Foster . they greet each other . georgiana I see you talk with my husband . georgiana look at bess in a levell way . bess return the look . bess yes , he wish to dance . georgiana that be not usually consider he forte . and you decline ? bess I be ill at ease with male company for the moment . georgiana smile . bess smile back at she . georgiana look at bess , size up this beautiful girl with great interest . beat . georgiana what bring you to bath ? bess take a moment to consider how she will answer this . bess my husband , Mr. Foster , be enjoy he mistress in bournemouth , and I want some diversion . and you ? georgiana ( hedge ) the Duke be take the water for he gout ... beat . bess look as if to say , ' carry on 's . georgiana ( cont 'd ) ... and I ... for my health . bess be upset that georgiana have not reward she honesty with similar directness . bess really ? ( imitate gossip ) " the duchess of D. , marry how - many - year and still no son and heir . " georgiana be take aback , hurt . bess immediately realise and regret what she 's say . bess ( cont 'd ) I beg you pardon . that be a awful thing to say . georgiana but it be the truth , at least . they look at each other . something pass between they . georgiana lower she voice in a conspiratorial way . it 's almost as if they be flirt with each other . georgiana ( cont 'd ) although I have hope to avoid be remind of that . if only for this evening . bess trust I to say something silly . I always do , you know . georgiana then perhaps you should have accept the Duke 's invitation . you have much in common . bess do not know if she be allow to laugh . she look at georgiana and smile . then they both laugh . there be a real connection here , two lose people who have find each other . the duke enter the room . duke well ... Home , I think . georgiana . georgiana and bess look at he as he leave . then georgiana get up . georgiana where be you stay ? bess I have rent some room in town . georgiana we must meet again . bess we must . CUT to : 45 ext . the duke's carriage . royal crescent - dawn - later 45 the duke 's carriage trundle down the Royal Crescent . CUT to : 45 a 46 47 int . the duke's carriage - dusk - later 45 a the duke sit on the seat . georgiana , however , have to sit on the floor to make room for the ostrich feather that 's still on top of she head . they be not look at each other and the strain of they relationship show on they both . we remain on georgiana 's ss face as the bright sound of young child 's voice fade up until we ... CUT to : omitted 46 ext . bath park — day 47 georgiana , a nanny flanking she , be play chase and run race with she child in the sunshine . it 's free and easy and everyone be laugh and have a good time . georgiana step back to watch the three girl run off and get she breath back . harryo run and fall . georgiana run up to comfort she . harryo run off again and georgiana watch she go . bess ( 0.s. ) up and fall down , up and fall down . georgiana turn to see bess stand behind she . bess ( cont 'd ) why can not we recover like that ? georgiana too far to fall now . they smile . georgiana ( cont 'd ) hello again . bess hello . [ beat ] you girl be lovely . georgiana thank you . do you have any child ? bess I do . Three boy ... georgiana Three boy ... what the Duke would not give for one of they . bess smile . bess she look least like you , you eldest . georgiana yes . ( make a decision ) I be sure you know the story . georgiana look at bess . bess do , but she do not speak . georgiana ( cont 'd ) my husband 's daughter be bear before we marry . the mother be a may . the may die ; we take the child . bess I be sorry , I should not have speak . georgiana never mind . it 's the worst keep secret in London . she 's nine year old now . bess and ... do you love she ? georgiana of course I do . the same as all my child . they be the world to I . bess smile , but behind it she own pain show through . CUT to : 48 omitted 48 49 omitted 49 49 k int . bath . private bath . day - later 49 k georgiana and bess come out onto a balcony with table , bench and chair . below and beyond it be a manicure garden with people strolling , push wheelchair etc . it have the feel of a upmarket sanatorium . georgiana walk to a small drink fountain and stop to sip a cup of hot liquid . bess take a sniff and recoil . georgiana thermal water . it 's the sulphur that make it smell so bad . bess and you really have to drink it ? georgiana twice a day for four week . bess do you have any reason to believe you cannot birth a male ? georgiana no . except four miscarriage , two still birth - both of which be son - and two girl .. bess feel for she , and smile supportively . they make they way to a table and sit down . bess look around they - people be steal sneaky glance over at georgiana . bess everybody 's stare at you ... georgiana smile at she cheekiness . bess turn right around to look in the direction of a couple stare at georgiana . as she do so georgiana be able to see a dark bruise on bess 's neck . georgiana be shocked , and she hand instinctively reach out to touch she . georgiana what 's that on you neck ? bess be take off guard . she look a little vulnerable . georgiana ( cont 'd ) bess ...? bess look evenly at georgiana , as if try to decide to tell she something . bess it 's not illegal for a man to beat he wife with a stick unless the stick be thicker than you thumb . georgiana be speechless . georgiana Mr Foster ? but - he can not do that ... bess consider what else he 's do to I , that 's not the worst ... 50 georgiana what could possibly be worse ...? bess he 's take my child . he will not let I see they . georgiana what do you propose to do ? bess really , I be at my wit ' end . I have make some sort of alliance with a man who will assist I in abduct they . what I will do when he do , I do not know . live under a assume name , I suppose . the law support Mr. Foster . georgiana be lose in the horror of bess 's situation . georgiana and in the meantime , where shall you stay ? bess continue lodging I suppose , until my money run out . georgiana well , there at least , I think I can help . georgiana reach out to take another drink of water . CUT to : ext . dine room . bath villa - night 50 the duke - continue the previous scene 's action - pick up a glass and drink . georgiana , bess and the Duke eat . georgiana and bess exchange secret glance . georgiana William ? we leave tomorrow . and Lady Elizabeth be not due to meet she parent on the continent for some time . and she hardly visit London at all . duke ah. pity that . 51 52 53 georgiana you see she do not have a place to stay . duke oh dear , problem there . bess and georgiana hold they breath . the duke glance up . duke ( cont 'd ) well why do not she stay with we ? for a while at least . georgiana and bess grin like schoolgirls . CUT to : omitted 51 omitted 52 int . devonshire house . corridor - day 53 georgiana lead the way down the corridor . bess follow , gaze at the house , marvel at the grandiosity of it all . unlike georgiana 's first arrival it feel informal , free , excited . bess this be incredible ... georgiana , tickle to have bess with she , take she arm . 54 55 georgiana ( ironically ) yes . there 's the castle in Ireland , bolton Abbey , chiswick , burlington - and chatsworth , of course , which be much bigger - but this be more like home . bess laugh . georgiana lead she through more room . georgiana open a door to reveal a beautiful bedroom with adjacent dress area . bess be suitably impressed . they laugh and hug each other close . georgiana ( cont 'd ) I be so glad you be here . ( devilish ) I have arrange a wonderful start to the season . CUT to : omitted 54 int . drury lane theater - night 55 it 's open night . a huge crush of social type be in the theatre . many of the woman have they hair pile high with a ostrich feather in it . they hold programme that read ' School for scandal 's by Richard sheridan . journalist and cartoonists sit off to the side , like paparazzi , sketching . we see glimpsis of they rendition . in they , georgiana 's large wig look even larger . on stage the performance be in full flow : a argument between " Sir Peter teazle " and " Lady teazle . " the actor be make - up and costume to look suspiciously like georgiana and the duke , and the set be a replica in miniature of the devonshire House live room . actor playing sir teazle '' Lady teazle , Lady teazle , I 'il not bear it ! '' actress playing lady teazle '' Sir Peter , Sir Peter , you may bear it or not as you please ; but I ought to have my own way in everything . '' actor playing sir teazle '' Lady teazle , though my life may be make unhappy by you temper , I ‘’1l not be ruin by you extravagance . '' actress playing lady teazle '' my extravagance ! I be sure I be not more extravagant than a woman of fashion ought to be . '' in there BOX the duke and georgiana look on , stiff and very separate . bess sit behind they . there 's a very tense air : the duke be look mortify while georgiana seem to know exactly what 's go on . she look down at sheridan sit in the front row , who look back equally knowingly , and wink at he . actor playing sir peter '' May all the plague of marriage be double on I , if ever I try to be friend with you any more ! '' actress playing lady teazle " so much the better " actor playing sir peter " no , no madam . : not be evident you never care a pin for I , and I be a madman to marry you . " actress playing lady teazle '' and I be sure I be a fool to marry you - a old dangle bachelor ... the camera move into the duke . he endure the humiliation with a straight face but he inside be in knot . actress playing lady teazle ( cont 'd ) ...- who be single at fifty , only because he never could meet with anyone who could have he . '' the audience laugh loudly and look up to where the duke and georgiana be sit . the duke grip he seat . actor playing sir teazle very well , madam ! very well ! a separate maintenance as soon as you please . yes , madam , or a divorce ! '' actress playing lady teazle ( triumphant ) '' agreed ! agreed ! '' the audience laugh and cheer . amid the noise , georgiana look across the theatre to see the reaction . she see a handsome young man in he 20 . she look back to the stage , but the young man remain gaze at she . she look back , realise who it be - charle grey . unlike the crowd , he be not laugh at all . CUT to : 56 int . drury lane theatre - night - later after the show : close up on champagne cork pop and champagne pour into glass . the duke be skulking around the edge of the crowd . georgiana and bess meet with fox . 56 georgiana bess . this be Mr. Fox . the leader of the opposition . Mr Fox , Lady Elizabeth Foster . bess be impressed . they nod at each other . charle grey approach from behind fox . fox ah . and here be my protegee , Charles grey . bess nod to both the man georgiana Mr grey . grey you Grace . fox he 's we newest bright young man - scarcely out of Cambridge and already a member of parliament . georgiana can not take she eye off he . he look at she too . bess notice this and quickly start a conversation with fox , leave georgiana to talk to grey alone . georgiana I always feel you would do well , Mr grey . grey thank you . georgiana do you enjoy the play ? grey be uneasy , but still look georgiana straight in the eye as he reply . grey I must confess I do not entirely . georgiana be surprised . georgiana I hope you have not lose you sense of humour since enter politics ... grey not that I be aware . georgiana then you do realise ' School for scandal 's be write as a comedy ? grey yes ... although from where I sit it read as a tragedy . georgiana be troubled . grey 's unexpected comment affect she deeply . just then sheridan approach with open arm . sheridan you Grace ! how we have miss you ! in you absence London have be reduce to the dreariest province ! georgiana smile . she break she eye from grey' and shakily resume she usually effortless social persona . georgiana and this , of course , be the playwright , Mr. sheridan . May I present the Lady Elizabeth . sheridan greet bess . then , with a apologetic mien at the other , he pull georgiana away . sheridan pardon we . I do not mean to be rude , but I have a entire cast die to meet the duchess . I shall return she in a moment , promise . sheridan and georgiana leave . bess watch grey as grey watch they go . she look to the duke , who have find some consolation in the form of a gauche young girl . CUT to : 57 int . drury lane theatre - night - later 57 georgiana throw a look back to grey , then sheridan present she to a line - up cast , who all curtsy and bow . georgiana be we fair on the Duke ? sheridan it could have be worse . ( whisper to she ) my original title be " the bad Marriage . " sheridan smile . georgiana do not . a servant enter with a tray of drink . everybody help themselves to one . sheridan produce a bottle of opium . sheridan ( cont 'd ) opium ? georgiana just a drop ... sheridan pour opium in they drink . a few of the actor and actress have a drop too . grey take this in as he watch the duke and then georgiana . georgiana turn and look at he . for a extra beat . CUT to : 58 CUT to : int . devonshire house . georgiana 's bedroom - night 58 bess and georgiana be in nightclothes , sprawle across each other on the bed . they be intimate and relaxed , like two teenage girl after a night 's clubbing . georgiana be you at all able to forget thing and enjoy yourself ? bess it be a wonderful distraction , thank you . georgiana good . bess I talk all night to mister grey ... georgiana oh yes ? bess he be in love with you . georgiana laugh . georgiana my dear bess . no he 's not . in fact I fear the very opposite . georgiana look at she , think . bess smile . bess can not you tell by the way he look at you ? honestly , can not you tell ? georgiana stop it , please . bess georgiana . procreation be not just about offspring . in fact , it can be quite nice . georgiana ( laugh uncertainly , lie ) yes , I know ... bess try to close you eye ... and envision grey slowly open you dress ... and kissing you back . georgiana start to giggle . georgiana oh , please , they never do such thing ... bess oh yes they do . bess get up and lie behind georgiana . georgiana look a little nervous about this . bess ( cont 'd ) Close you eye ... grey be behind you .... slowly open you dress ... bess pull back part of georgiana 's clothing to reveal she shoulder . bess begin to kiss it . georgiana bess , stop . bess ( firmly ) ... close you eye .... kissing you back ... georgiana relent and close she eye . bess continue to kiss she back . suddenly georgiana go silent , a look of real surprise on she face : she be experience sensation she never know even exist . bess continue , soft but in charge , as they both allow themselves to become lose in the erotically charge moment : georgiana let out little gasp of pleasure ... bess push it further ... her hand explore under georgiana 's nightclothes ... over she breast ... the top of she leg ... georgiana gasp again , a realisation that part of she body could give such pleasure ... bess tug georgiana 's hair back a little ... her hand reach further ... georgiana close she eye ... bess ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) there ...see ... bess stop what she 's do . beat . they both breathe heavily , the sexual tension and arousal hang heavy in the air . they be a little embarrassed , scared even of what might happen if they carry on , and for a moment it seem that be what they might well do ... but bess get up and walk to the window as georgiana readjust she clothes . they regain composure and try to carry on as if nothing have really happen . bess ( cont 'd ) in the play this evening , there be a scene in which Lady teazle and Mr. surface discuss they affair . they acknowledge that once a lady of quality have provide she husband with a son then she may take a lover . georgiana take it in . 59 60 61 bess ( cont 'd ) be ready , dear G , when the time come . georgiana lie back on the bed , eye wide open , think . this image be hold as the sound of a haunt operatic voice - accompany by harpsichord - start over it and carry we into the next scene . CUT to : omitted 59 omitted 60 ext . chatsworth . formal garden - day 61 we be in the grounds of a huge country house and its estate . swarm of country people , men on horse and tenant be present , with other arrive all the time . massive amount of food be laid out on trestle table with a tent for the gentry on the other side . the sing and harpsichord continue , and we find that a opera singer and harpsichord perform to a grand outdoor picnic . we see the duke and bess stand together . fox and grey be at the rear of the audience , look on . georgiana be with she child , work she way through the ordinary people and tenant , make they feel welcome . they respond with reverence . she walk up to lady spencer and embrace she . georgiana hello mama . lady spencer ( coolly ) hello my dear . bess come over too . bess we be so glad you be able to visit , Lady Spencer . lady spencer look hurt . lady spencer be ' we 's really ? bess yes , G speak of you all the time . lady spencer well that be nice to hear . my daughter 's letter have become so short of late that finally they do not exist at all . georgiana I do apologise mama . it be merely a reflection of my current state of happiness ... lady spencer ( cut across ) I only know what she be up to by read the Morning Post . georgiana be stung by this . the duke wander up behind , surveying the scene . lady spencer ( cont 'd ) and how long do you intend to stay on Lady Elizabeth ? bess please , ' bess 's . I do not know . I be sure I have wear out my welcome already . georgiana nonsense . duke Lady Elizabeth be free to stay with we for as long as she like . lady spencer be leave open -mouthed , a little alarmed at how close they all seem . the music have stop and everyone turn and politely applaud the musician . fox and some whig come forward . georgiana turn and smile broadly at they . georgiana who let this radical through the gate of chatsworth ? 62 fox no one let we in anywhere ! that 's why we be radical ! CUT to : ext . formal garden . day - later 62 the duke perform he duty talk with the important people in the tent : other aristocrat , politician and wealthy businessman . fox , sheridan and grey be here too . georgiana be opposite , amongst the ordinary people , where she be carry food to they table and make sure they be be well look after . grey ( 0.s. ) what a fine spread . georgiana turn to see grey behind she , come over from the tent . georgiana thank you . we do we best . georgiana start to walk through the table with a plate of food . he follow . grey we ? from what I hear you run this open day single -handedly . georgiana well , the Duke do find invite all and sundry to the house a little ... testing . but it 's only once a week . grey the Duke would prefer he tenant to starve ? georgiana it be he property . grey then he must surely embrace the responsibility that come with it . or perhaps his Grace would prefer instead to be divest of such troublesome possession . georgiana ( provocatively ) what a interesting idea . 63 grey , encourage by she double meaning , continue . grey you know , I despise the fact that so few man can have such precious thing - and that they mismanage they so appallingly . georgiana smile at he . she know he be talk about she . georgiana and what would you suggest ? he return she smile , remember the exchange from year ago . grey that people should be set free . georgiana and will freedom alone make they happy ? grey the point be not to make people happy . the point be to make they free , so they can pursue they own idea of happiness ... whatever that may be . georgiana look impressed . she realize how close they be stand , and in full view of the people . she move away a few foot . georgiana I must get another plate .. georgiana walk off . grey watch she go , happy in the knowledge he have make a impact . he start back toward fox and sheridan . CUT to : ext . chatsworth . formal garden . day - later 63 it be toward the end of the day . the sun be casting long shadow on the lawn as the picnic be be pack up . georgiana lean against a low wall , sip a cordial , all the while watch grey in conversation with some man . bess approach georgiana . bess whatever be the matter with you ? you behaviour be so out of the ordinary . georgiana I just feel like keep to myself today ... bess sit down beside she , lean close and intimate . they look at the man , grey at the centre , then look at each other . bess smile broadly . georgiana blushes . 64 bess dig georgiana playfully and gently in the rib . they giggle like schoolgirls . georgiana look up to see lady spencer be watch , a disapprove expression on she face . CUT to : int . painted hall . chatsworth - long after dinner . 64 lady spencer and georgiana be walk through . other guest mill around . lady spencer ( hushed ) but you have only know she three month ! georgiana bess be my friend ! she be the very best of woman . lady spencer she seem to be many thing , but I would be hard push to say she be that . georgiana it may pain you to recognise it mama , but a great change have come over my life and its name be Lady Elizabeth Foster ... about whom it can be truly say I have at long last find my other self . lady spencer 's pulse race . she want to interject . georgiana ( cont 'd ) I understand if that may make you feel a little jealous . lady spencer stop . lady spencer ( fierce whisper ) this be a dangerous path to choose my girl . georgiana I be not a girl , mother , I be the duchess of devonshire . it would serve you well to remember that . lady spencer yes , and you have begin to cavort so constantly in public you can not live for you own soul . it be no surprise you be gather weed instead of flower . 64a 65 66 georgiana be stunne , like a little girl cut dead by she mother for show off . lady spencer turn on she heel and walk off leave georgiana fume inside . CUT to : int . chatsworth . sitting room - a little later 64a georgiana , a rebellious look on she face , take a drink from a butler . she then head toward grey who be among a group of men . as he see georgiana he excuse himself from the conversation and meet she . grey you Grace ... georgiana Mr grey , I have be think . the national election be in six week , yes ? how be the campaign go ? grey terribly . we only hope be to save westminster for Fox . georgiana smile . there 's a mischievous sparkle in she eye . georgiana I have many fault as you well know , not least among they be my ability to draw attention . perhaps we could use that to we advantage ... CUT to : omitted 65 ext . covent garden husting - day 66 georgiana stand on a platform dress in the most outrageous costume yet , she hair pile three foot high above she head and decorate with whig -coloure ribbon . in front be a huge crowd noisy : a massive mix of people from drunk and prostitute to lord and lady . banner proclaim whig , vote fox . journalist mill around , scribbling into notebook and sketching georgiana . in the crowd , woman be fan themselves with fan bear georgiana 's likeness . it 's like a pop concert . georgiana ( shout to the crowd ) lady and gentlemen . ( more ) georgiana ( cont 'd ) I give you a man who will inform we of the work we must do and the party we so believe in ! mister Charles grey ! applause as grey move to take the stage . georgiana and grey exchange a look as he position himself . grey I be here in westminster to speak on behalf of we candidate Sir Charles James Fox ... applause . grey ( cont 'd ) well , I wish only to address a single issue . power . georgiana look at grey , clearly proud of he . grey ( cont 'd ) the basis of power in we country be land , as it have be for century . and the aristocracy own nearly all of it ... there be a few laugh from the crowd . grey ( cont 'd ) -.- along with all the place in the government , control of the House of commons , ambassador , governor , judge , and a host of other post too numerous to mention . they maintain this influence by transfer they land intact , generation after generation . and in so do continue to dominate English life . grey stop to look at the face of the public look back at he . they be with he . grey ( cont 'd ) so , if we win this election , if we get the power we seek , what will we do with it ? grey 's listener be quiet . grey proceed . grey ( cont 'd ) will we merely follow in the footstep of that that come before we ? master the art of compromise ? of postpone the great good for the great advantage ? will we do that ? ( Long pause ) no . we will not . because we believe in the word we have speak ... a few scattered ' hear hear 's begin . grey ( cont 'd ) +.. and we have faith in the heart we have stir . more ' hear hear '. grey 's rhetoric take flight . grey ( cont 'd ) the world be on the brink of disaster or salvation . from France to America , man and woman be struggle to free themselves and find meaning in they existence . Change be upon we . loud call of ' yes 's and applause . grey ( cont 'd ) we shall not return to the old way ! we shall not shirk we promise and we duty ! we shall take England into this brave new world and shake the thunder from the sky ! this we vow ! applause . cheer . georgiana gaze at grey . grey look at she , flushed and excited . she blushes like mad . CUT to : i/e. covent garden husting . backstage - a little later 67 grey stand alone . georgiana approach . grey how do I do ? georgiana ( try to hide she feeling ) I think it be not a embarrassment . grey 's face crumble in disappointment . georgiana grin . georgiana ( cont 'd ) it be a marvel . grey smile . a big open , boyish smile of relief . grey but do you agree with what I say ? georgiana every word . grey gain self - confidence . he approach georgiana . grey I be nervous . you presence treble the number at least . grey be now very close indeed . georgiana feel the effect of it . she become short of breath . grey speak softly . grey ( cont 'd ) I be nervous even now ... georgiana know that she ought to keep a distance , but remain where she be . georgiana so be I . there be tension in the air . a politician walk past they . they both acknowledge he as he go . then georgiana stare at grey , and move a little closer . georgiana ( cont 'd ) do you think of I when we be not together ? grey ( surprised ) you ought to know I do ... of you more than anything else . georgiana you hesitate before replying ... grey I be unused to be ask so directly , and by you of all people . grey walk close . he very gently put he hand on hers . she look down at he hand , then up at he , blush a little . 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 grey ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I think of you every day . they look lovingly at one another . georgiana be just about to reward grey 's candour with a confession of she feeling when the sight of servant approach bring she to remember herself . she withdraw she hand . footman you carriage await you Grace . grey nod . georgiana start to leave , she eye remain on grey until she turn a corner and be go . CUT to : omitted 68 omitted 69 omitted 70 omitted 71 omitted 72 omitted 73 int . devonshire house . entrance hall - night 74 georgiana enter . silence . she race across , the sole of she shoe echoing as she click - clack across the vast space . CUT to : int . devonshire house . corridor - night 75 georgiana make she way quickly down the hall , she shoe still make that distinctive sound . georgiana ( hushed whisper ) bess . as she approach the door to bess 's room she pace slow - two servant be listen outside it . georgiana be perplex . when they see she they stand back look awkward . georgiana continue walk toward they . georgiana ( cont 'd ) what be you do outside Lady Elizabeth 's bedroom ? the servant do not reply . georgiana come closer , then finally stop . suddenly the noise of she shoe click on the floor be replace by the muffle noise of bess and the duke have sex : passionate , energetic , enjoyable . for several painful , humiliate and shocked moment georgiana be paralyze in front of the servant . then georgiana back away down the hall and be off . CUT to : 76 77 78 79 int . the duke's bedroom - dawn - hour later 76 georgiana 's hat sit on a table , the ' vote fox 's sign clearly visible on its side . georgiana 's hand hang down over a chair . the door open and the duke enter , stealthily . the sun be just pour gray light into the room . he close the door very softly and then turn to see ... georgiana sit on he bed . she look ashen . they stare at each other . CUT to : the same . 5 minute later . 77 georgiana pace . the duke sit on the bed , catch . it be difficult to see if he be actually ashamed , but he be listen patiently to georgiana . georgiana of all the woman in England , you have to throw yourself upon she . I have not object once to any of you affair , I have accept whatever arrangement you have propose , I have raise Charlotte as my own daughter , but this ... I have one single thing of my own ... why could not you let I keep Elizabeth for myself ? CUT to : int . hallway outside the duke's bedroom - morning 78 we see a worried bess come up the corridor outside georgiana 's bedroom to find out what all the noise be about . georgiana ( 0.s./ cont 'd ) ) what kind of man be you ?! CUT to : int . the duke's bedroom - same time 79 georgiana be raging at he . georgiana she be all I have to cling to ! she be my sole comfort in we marriage . the duke patiently hear she out . CUT to : 80 int . hallway outside the duke's bedroom - same time bess 's eye be fill with tear . georgiana ( 0.s./ cont 'd ) you have rob I of my only friend ! CUT to : 81 int . the duke's bedroom - same time 81 georgiana pause , nearly spend . then she finally challenge the duke , more implore than angry . georgiana what be wrong with I ? why have you never love I ?! duke ( simple , exhaust clarity ) I do not claim to be a man of fine sensibility , G , but I have always know what I expect from this marriage and what I be prepare to give . georgiana do not reply . duke ( cont 'd ) as a husband , I have fulfil my obligation . as a wife , you have not . georgiana she have to go ! now ! she be never to set foot in this house again ! duke ( hackles rise ) do mind you temper , G . you be quite forget yourself . georgiana I want she out ! I never want to lay eye on she again ! go down and tell she to leave at once ! duke I could not ask she that . I will not do it , G. CUT to : 82 82a 83 int . hallway outside the bedroom - moment later 82 the door swing open - bess jump aside - and georgiana come crash out of the sit room , furious . georgiana storm down the hall , follow by bess . bess georgiana --! georgiana you have take yourself from I ! you do not love I ! bess I do love you . really I do . georgiana no ! Love be a act ! it be more than word and undy oath ! it 's what you do ! I love you ! you only say you do . bess be stung . her eye fill with tear . georgiana ( cont 'd ) leave . get out of this house ! bess remain stand , reach out for georgiana . georgiana ( cont 'd ) ( break down , cry out ) get out !!! bess leave the room . georgiana sink slowly to the floor , weep , sobbing . CUT to : ext . althorp - day 82a CUT to : int . althorp . library - day 83 georgiana sit , like a little girl , back at home . lady spencer pour tea from a silver samovar . lady spencer I do not like she from the first . georgiana you have make that quite clear , mama . lady spencer she be go from devonshire House , I hope . georgiana look away , ashamed . lady spencer put the samovar down . lady spencer ( cont 'd ) they be live there together ? georgiana , what have you permit to happen ? georgiana I do not know ! wo not you please just help I ! tell I what to do , mama ! georgiana hang she head . lady spencer survey she daughter and the mess she 's in . her demeanor soften . lady spencer you must write to you husband and insist he send she back to whatever horrid little place she come from . georgiana he will not . it be out of the question , he say . lady spencer then you must return and resume you duty . make he realize whom he love . you will give up you politics , you night on the town , you gambling . for once you will devote yourself as a loving wife and settle down to the task at hand : provide he with a heir . and then he will soon tire of she . georgiana look at she mother with sadness . lady spencer ( cont 'd ) you have no other option . CUT to : 84 85 86 87 ext . devonshire house . courtyard - morning 84 see from inside the house , georgiana get out of she carriage , observe by a couple of servant . she proceed up to the front door . CUT to : int . devonshire house . entrance hall - morning 85 the duke await she just inside the door . he look at she with worry . the duke hello , G. ... georgiana ( coldly ) William . georgiana walk straight past he and proceed upstairs . at the top bess meet she with a apologetic demeanour . georgiana be cold as ice . she pass she without even a look . CUT to : omitted 86 int . devonshire house - georgiana 's bedroom - later 87 bess quietly enter georgiana 's room . georgiana I may not have the authority to remove you from this house , but I can at least order you out of my room . bess wo not you please let I explain ? georgiana become furious and shout at bess . georgiana there be nothing to explain . I trust you , I make you my confidante , and you repaid I by steal what be mine . georgiana turn she back and look out of the window . bess approach she carefully . 88 88a bess this be my only chance of ever see my child again . the Duke be the most powerful peer in England . he be my only chance . georgiana turn to she . georgiana there be limit to the sacrifice one make to see one 's child . bess no , there be not . no limit whatsoever . georgiana take in what she just say , before let animosity get the better of she once again and turn away . georgiana get out of here . we have nothing more to say to one another . bess leave , close the door silently behind she . georgiana 's finger slowly push a perfume bottle off she dress table until it fall and smashes on the floor . georgiana hear the sound of carriage approach . she get up and go to the window CUT to : omitted 88 CUT to : ext . devonshire house . courtyard - same time 88a the duke 's carriage pull up . augustus , JOHN , and harry emerge from the carriage . bess shriek with joy and leap out of the house . she run and hug they , cry . it 's incredibly touch and georgiana be move , despite herself . CUT to : 89 90 int . devonshire house . red room - later that afternoon 89 georgiana come downstairs . unseen , she look into the room and watch the duke get augustus a hunt rifle from the wall . the duke appear surprisingly keen , gentle even . he clearly relate to boy . to one side bess hold a sleep harry . georgiana stare on in silence , understanding the duke and bess in a way she have never do before . they look like a quiet , functional family unit . georgiana quietly come closer . the duke be now show augustus how to use the rifle . duke .--- hold it like that , augustus , it will not come back at you . augustus yes , I see . duke good . you father do not hunt , I take it . augustus no . duke oh dear . well , we can soon make up for that . augustus smile , as do bess . the duke look up , and see she approval do a rare thing : he smile too . bess get up and bring the duke a drink . bess ( whisper gently ) thank you . the duke stroke she hand . georgiana move away and leave . CUT to : ext . london pleasure garden - day 90 it 's a grey and drizzly day . the garden be largely empty . grey be carriage be park by the roadside . coachmen wait beside it , informally lean on the vehicle . a little further down the road , georgiana 's carriage pull up . in wide shot georgiana , black cape with hood up , make she way across the garden . well away from the carriage and coachmen , georgiana approach grey , who be wait under the tree . georgiana seem preoccupy . grey , however , be simply excited about they meeting again . grey ( hushed voice ) do you tell the Duke who you be meeting ? georgiana no . grey do he ask ? georgiana no . grey pause for a moment . grey good . georgiana he have other thing on he mind . grey stop and scrutinise georgiana . he can tell that she be not truly present . grey as do you . the direct recognition cause georgiana to stop too , and then look away . she walk off in a different direction . grey follow . grey ( cont 'd ) ( softer now ) would it help to unburden yourself ? georgiana send he a little smile and a shake of the head . georgiana it be nothing I can discuss with you . besides , it would only bore . grey you do not have to please other all the time . georgiana I be bring up to . it 's a difficult lesson to unlearn . grey I believe you do it so that people will love you . georgiana ( look deeply at he ) what would make you think that ? grey from what I have see . with you husband , you friend - especially Lady bess . even the public . georgiana ( look away ) I have never think of it that way . you make I sound pitiable . georgiana turn and walk away , upset . grey realize he have go too far . he chase up with she . grey I have go beyond my brief . I apologize . please believe it be only for you sake I speak . georgiana look at he , and then carry on walk slowly , think deeply . grey move closer to she again . grey ( cont 'd ) please tell I what be wrong . she turn and look at he intensely . the fountain in the pleasure garden dance in the background . georgiana I fear I have do some thing too late in life and some too early . they stare at each other a moment . the wind blow gently in the leave of the tree above they . grey no , you have not . slowly , grey move to georgiana . the air be thick . grey get closer . they kiss . not for long , but a gentle , warm kiss . then he withdraw . georgiana be blush . 91 grey ( cont 'd ) I have wait all my life for that kiss . georgiana avert she eye , and look confuse . he lose he composure a bit . grey ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... georgiana no. it 's ... she look up at he again . georgiana ( cont 'd ) I have never be kiss like that before . they stand and look at each other . then they move closer , for another kiss . Gentle . and longer , this time . CUT to : int . devonshire house . dine room - morning 91 georgiana be with bess and the duke . she seem sober , together and strong : fortify . they sit opposite each other at the table as if in negotiation . a long silence . then : georgiana all right . beat . the duke look at bess . what do she mean ? duke " all right ..? " georgiana do you love each other ? duke georgiana - georgiana do you love bess , you Grace ? duke +». well ... I ... where be all this lead ? bess I make no demand on he . georgiana ... and bess , you love my husband ? bess .».. as I do you . georgiana nod , still not give anything away . georgiana you intend to stay here ? bess -.. William ask that I do . georgiana nod . georgiana and you could not find it in you heart to refuse he . bess -.-no. bess and the duke remain quiet . beat . georgiana then let we make a deal . duke a deal ? beat . the duke and bess exchange glance . georgiana yes . I give you my bless if you will accept my feeling for Charles grey . bess blink , take aback . georgiana be nervous . she smile , wait for the duke 's reaction . georgiana ( cont 'd ) I be not sure at first , I think perhaps it be a dalliance or ... but it be not . he can make I happy . bess try to manage a smile . she dart a look at the duke , who now stand . suddenly cutlery and crystal jangle . bess and georgiana start . duke ( seethe with fury ) a deal ! a deal !! I do not make deal ! I be in charge of it all !! I would call he out ! I would challenge he ! I would put a bullet in the upstart 's head --! 92 93 bess William --! duke ( to bess ) be quiet ! ( to georgiana ) be you determine to make I a total laugh stock ? a man who cannot sire a son and then a cuckold ? bess William , georgiana only ask what we ourselves — duke be quiet , you fool ! ( to georgiana ) be you he whore ?! georgiana ... no ... but I can not see why you should mind . you have bess and three boy ... duke Three boy ??? do you think I can make that bastard my heir ? well , do you ? georgiana and bess be frighten . georgiana hurry out of the room . a moment pass , then the duke stride out as well . bess William ...? CUT to : int . devonshire house . corridor - morning 92 georgiana walk fast through the space . she pass a footman on the way to she bedroom . the duke charge after she . georgiana quicken she pace . bess follow behind . CUT to : int . devonshire house . georgiana's bedroom - morning 93 georgiana come into she room , and slam the door behind she . a few moment later , the door open . the duke enter . he shut the door . he glare at georgiana . she look at he . the duke ask a real question for once . 94 95 96 97 98 duke you do not know I in the least , do you ? georgiana I do . we be a bad match . duke I ask but two thing when we wed : loyalty and a male heir . georgiana yes , same as you dog . the duke 's eye flash . he snap . he grab she . she try to fight he off . her dress be tear . they struggle . the duke overpower she . CUT to : int . corridor outside the bedroom - morning - same time 94 bess stand outside the door . we hear georgiana scream . CUT to : int . georgiana's bedroom - same time 95 the duke pin georgiana onto the bed and tear away at she clothes . we hear the rip of silk and lace . georgiana scream again . he hold she face tightly between he hand and stare coldly at she . CUT to : int . devonshire house . nursery - same time 96 little G. and harryo stare at the door of they room as the scream continue . CUT to : int . devonshire house . corridor - same time 97 a footman stand at attention , try to remain impassive . CUT to : int . hall outside the bedroom - same time 98 bess hover at the door as she listen to the struggle and scream inside . she turn and see charlotte stand a few foot away , stare at she . bess move away from the door , unable to stop what 's go on inside . 99 100 bess ( to Charlotte , softly ) come with I . charlotte stay roote to the spot . bess ( cont 'd ) ( firmer ) Charlotte , come with I . bess take charlotte 's arm and hurry she off down the hall . CUT to : int . devonshire house - georgiana's bedroom - minute later9 georgiana lie on the bed . it 's over . her clothes be tear . her face be red and wet with tear . the duke sit on the side of the bed , panting , use up . duke give I a son and then do what the hell you want , as long as you do it discreetly . until then you stay here and do as I say . the duke get up and leave . georgiana 's expression be blank , dead . the sound of crowd cheer and clap fade up in the background until we ... CUT to : ext . covent garden husting - day 100 sheridan stand before a huge crowd . there be bunt in whig colour and banner . the PRESS be out in even great number than before . sheridan I give you the winner ! Mr Fox ! the man of the people ! fox come forth to a roar of approval . he yell out : fox and I give you the weapon ! the duchess of devonshire ! georgiana , still shell - shocked , come forth to wild cheer . she succeed in smile to the crowd . bess and the duke stand together off to the side . they clap and smile , but the strain be evident . grey , unseen near the doorway , watch georgiana take in the applause . finally , the applause die . 101 fox ( cont 'd ) thank you , all of you , for this reception today . georgiana see grey on the sideline . she glance at the duke then turn to slip away . grey see this . he follow . fox ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we have win the vote , and now we must win the future ! applause as grey exit . CUT to : ext . covent garden husting - moment later 101 georgiana head for she coach , well away from the crowd . grey catch up with she . grey we do it . or should I say you do it . georgiana try to smile , but she can not . she turn away from grey . he know something 's wrong . grey ( cont 'd ) georgiana ? georgiana ( the hardest thing to say ) Mr. grey ... I have enjoy more than I can say the time we have spend together , the talk ... georgiana be overcome . she almost break down . grey look she in the eye . grey tell I . georgiana I can not say what - grey now ! georgiana look at he . she have to do this as she plan . georgiana ... I have be unfair to you . grey what be you talk about ? georgiana ( try to be compose ) ... I have ... indulge in you affection and make it seem my feeling towards you be more than they be in fact . I fear the heat of the election ... grey say what you mean ! georgiana ( look dead at he ) you love I . grey yes ! georgiana I do not love you . grey take this punch , but he eye never blink , never waver . grey you be not speak what be in you heart . georgiana it be - grey suddenly stand and stride away , pace , angry . grey ( cut she off ) this be a speech , force upon you - georgiana ( overlap below ) no . it 's what I have always know to be true ! grey ( overlap above ) -- by that who would destroy we happiness ! georgiana ( loud , in the clear ) this be how I am ! grey be take aback by she force and volume . georgiana ( cont 'd ) I be wrong to offer you hope . I be wrong to pretend a affection I do not feel . ( more ) 102 103 104 georgiana ( cont 'd ) you have say it yourself , I need to be adore . that be my weakness . grey look sick . he turn from she , angry , hurt , unable to find a place to put he feeling . georgiana fight back the tear . we hear cheer o.s. grey turn to she and bow before head back across the grass to the stage . we can hear fox still speak . fox ( 0.s. ) we have follow we idea and we ideal , and in the struggle , we have find ourselves ! close on georgiana as the colour drain from she face . she be die inside but she keep it all in . she calmly turn and walk to she carriage and be drive away into the busy London street . CUT to : omitted 102 int . devonshire house . entrance hall - that night 103 a election night party . Music play in the background . the duke wait at the top of the grand staircase , greeting guest . he 's dress for the evening . bess be with he , also dress . after a few moment , georgiana appear , walk towards we down the long corridor that lead into the entrance hall . when she reach the light we see she be dress to the nine and powder a deathly white , and have be drink heavily . the duke refuse to register she , but bess look across , shocked . georgiana will not meet she eye , however and walk through into the party . CUT to : int . devonshire house - red room -- that night 104 the room have be convert into game area for the evening . it be boisterous and smoky . there be card table and player everywhere . georgiana , wander through , take another drink from a pass waiter . as georgiana go we pick up detail of this decadent society . 104a where before it may have seem glamorous and exciting it now look uglier and sordid : a place of corruption and addiction , on the edge of collapse . georgiana downs she drink . she pass : gambling at a table ; two fat old man take snuff ; a man in a lewd embrace with a drunk woman ; another man toadying to a important politician . the duke appear and look on , concerned . georgiana take another drink and leave the room . CUT to : int . devonshire house . ballroom . night - later 104a georgiana come into the dance area alone . the duke and bess be with a group nearby . georgiana seem to radiate a force field that keep people away from she . but not fox . fox you promise I a dance . come . give I my small pleasure . georgiana yield to she old friend . amid the rest of the guest , georgiana dance around and around with fox . her face be harden , distant - a vision of suppress anger , frustration and pain . she close she eye , she mind drift to thought of grey . georgiana grab another drink as they pass a servant . she bump into sheridan . drink go on he jacket . sheridan my dear duchess , much as I know you love dance and drink , I really must advise you to settle for one or the other , for the two be incompatible in the long run . 105 georgiana ( very drunk ) why , sheridan , you never be such a spoilsport before ! georgiana do a turn and slip . fox steady she . she smile a apology . then ... suddenly georgiana stumble . her wig fall against a candle and goe up in flame . dancers back away . bess look shocked . georgiana scream as she stagger , hair on fire . door OPEN , shout , servant rush about . bess attempt to knock the wig off georgiana 's head . the duke appear in he doorway , none too pleased . he see the situation . he turn to a footman , all efficiency . duke please put out her Grace 's hair . the footman splashes water on the wig . hiss and smoke . the duke look down at georgiana : she lie sprawle on the polished parquet floor : wig -less , she make - up smear , she eye red and glassy . CUT to : int . devonshire house - georgiana's bedroom - night 105 close on a SMALL BOWL with a white handkerchief drape over the top . there be drop of blood on the handkerchief . dr . neville ( 0.s. ) her Grace need to rest . we see georgiana in bed , pale , wash out , and exhaust . bess , the duke , and maids hover as dr . neville ( 62 ) set the bowl aside . dr . neville ( cont 'd ) as long as you follow strict instruction , there should be no impediment to the birth . the duke be mystify . bess look at georgiana , who show no sign of register what have be say . duke what be you talk about ? dr . neville the duchess be pregnant . 106 107 108 109 the duke and bess react . georgiana have no reaction at all . CUT to : ext . across derbyshire - day - spring 106 a church stand out against the countryside . there be sound of distant bell far off in the distance . a boy run into the bell tower and ring the bell as hard as he can ... in another church in another part of the county , another boy hear the sound and ring he own the church 's bell ... and in another church , bell ring out too ... CUT to : int . chatsworth . georgiana's bedroom - day - same time 107 close on - a naked newborn baby be wash by a nurse . it be a boy . in the background the bell continue to ring . in the room be dr . neville , and maids . dr . neville congratulation , you Grace . dr neville bow and make he way out of the room . as he go a servant appear . servant his Grace wish to see you . CUT to : omitted 108 int . chatsworth . library - day 109 the duke be seat at he desk , a contract out in front of he . heaton stand and point out where he should sign . heaton also there you Grace ... and there ... heaton offer a smile . the duke say nothing . he sense georgiana , who be at the library door look in . duke come . georgiana enter . the duke look to heaton . 110 heaton you Grace . as per the term of his Grace 's inheritance , this be for you . to spend as you wish . heaton hand she a cheque . georgiana look at the duke with disdain . georgiana ( very sad and dry ) success at last . the duke look away , ashamed . georgiana turn to the door . duke ( 0.s. ) I too abhor this whole thing . georgiana turn back . the duke be now stand . duke ( cont 'd ) yet remove we tradition - separate we estate , sell off the land and the nobility simply cease to be . without we England would once again suffer absolute monarchy or descend into absolute anarchy . I do not wish to see that happen . do you ? georgiana look at he , then turn and leave . CUT to : ext . chatsworth garden - day 110 the baby boy lie in a move pram . georgiana walk with the child . she hold charlotte by the hand , while little G. and harryo look into a pram push by a nanny . little G he 's so small . harryo you have be that small yourself . little G not that small . have I , mama ? georgiana you have , darling . you have all be that small once . harryo see , I tell you . they continue towards the old farm house . harryo ( cont 'd ) I can not tell that he 's a boy at all . georgiana but he be . harryo but if I can not tell , I fail to see why it 's so important . he look just like the rest of we . georgiana smile at he innocent view of the world . georgiana all baby look alike when they have they clothes on , but each of they be something quite unique . harryo how ? georgiana you and Little G do not look at all like one another . you cry all the time when you be a baby , whereas Little G be quiet as a mouse . she could walk before you , but you could talk before she . the child listen . Charlotte look at georgiana . charlotte what about I , mama ? georgiana you never cry , darling . you be always so brave . they have reach the cascade by the side of the house . the child instinctively run in and start play in the water . georgiana turn to look down the hill . she should be happy . she be not . then she seem to see someone . her Pov -- a man come across the GREEN . as he get closer she realise who it be : grey . a little later : georgiana wait for grey . he take off he hat and bow . it 's awkward , stiff . grey you Grace . georgiana ( nod ) mister grey . be you recall from France ? grey for a while . georgiana no revolution yet ? grey no , not yet . but it 's only a matter of time . they look at each other . a long beat , then : georgiana I bore a son . grey realize she be make a point . grey yes ... georgiana his name be William George Spencer cavendish , Marquis of hartington . we shall call he hart . grey you and the Duke must be very pleased . georgiana we be . he have go to London to celebrate . beat . grey gaze at she . they be both full of long . georgiana ( cont 'd ) you have be miss ... much miss ... how be it that you be here ? grey I receive a invitation . I assume it be on behalf of the party ; I could not say no . georgiana be confuse , but cover it up . georgiana yes , of course . come inside . 111 112 113 114 CUT to : omitted 111 omitted 112 omitted 113 int . chatsworth . sitting room - that night 114 close up of finger play string on a harp . the camera track back to reveal a harpist next to a string quartet . the music carry through this scene and the next ... the guest play card . georgiana and sheridan be on one table , bess , grey and fox on the other . the atmosphere be tense . georgiana can not help glance from she table to grey at he . grey can not help glance back . sheridan down six hundred . G. your ? georgiana ( distract ) yes , of course . I will match you . sheridan you will need card , of course . georgiana realize sheridan have not deal yet . georgiana I be too tired to play . ( nodding to the player ) gentlemen . georgiana get up and leave the room . just outside bess come up to she . there be silence and suspicion from georgiana . she try to continue walk . bess no one must know . georgiana stare at bess . what ...? and then she realize . georgiana you summon grey . bess good night , G. georgiana make she way across the hall . CUT to : 115 omitted 115 115a omitted 115a 116 117 int . chatsworth . grey' bedroom - night - later 116 grey be sit by the fire . the door open . georgiana enter . grey stand up , yet keep he distance . grey you Grace ... beat . they look at each other . georgiana walk forward and kiss he . grey kiss she back , but after a moment pull away . beat . grey ( cont 'd ) ( firmly ) I be ready to give you everything ... how can I believe it will not happen again ? georgiana approach again . georgiana I give you my promise ... grey look into she eye , catch between he head and he heart . georgiana start to undress he , confidently , seductively until he be naked . georgiana push grey gently back onto the bed . then she hitches up she skirt and straddle he , she dress envelop the lower half of he body . underneath , he hand reach inside to touch she . they begin make love . it 's as if it 's the first time for both of they : real , intimate and convincing , a extraordinary release ... later : the window be open and wind blow gently in . night bird call in the background . georgiana and grey lie in each other 's arm . they kiss , long and tender . grey pull away . grey ( gently ) you should return to you room . georgiana no I should not . CUT to : int . devonshire house . dine room - day 117 a few day later . georgiana , bess , and the duke eat . georgiana be nervous . she hesitates , then : georgiana I be go to bath . duke ( look up ) but I can not get away for week . georgiana ( try to seem natural ) I shall go without you . ( to bess ) bess , you stay and keep we husband company , whilst I take the cure . the duke look decidedly undecided . georgiana look to bess for help . she 's not sure it 's a good idea but acquiesce . bess yes , William , why not ? if G go now we can catch she up when you be free . georgiana look at bess , thankful for the help . she try to remain look casual . the duke relent . duke well , if you must . CUT to : 118 ext . rented bath house . early morning - EST . 118 birdsong CUT to : 119 int . rented bath house . bedroom - morning 119 it 's morning . grey and georgiana be in bed surround by newspaper and cartoon . they be look at cartoon and laugh at they . georgiana which one be you favourite ? this one ? grey ( seriously at first ) well , in this one you be proud and strong , which be very good .... in this one you be fair and gentle ... and in this one you seem to have only one eyebrow ! georgiana laugh , try to snatch the image out of he hand . georgiana ( give he a playful nudge ) oh , you politician know nothing of fashion . they laugh and continue : grey but wait , wait ... if you be to ask I which be my favourite ... ( lean in and take she face in he hand ) it 's this one - my duchess . the G no one else ever get to see . they lock eye , clearly in love , and kiss passionately . 120 121 CUT to : ext . a bath alley - morning 120 political people be filing into a building for a meeting . grey and georgiana be in a isolate alley , adjacent to the building , stand close , obviously in love . georgiana will you be long ? grey until late I fear . it seem politics be divide into that who want to fix thing and that that merely want to talk about fix thing . georgiana smile . grey smile . georgiana I will be wait for you ... she touch he arm gently and look into he eye . for a beat too long . then grey go inside . angle - the end of the alley : people have spot they . CUT to : int . rented bath house . bedroom - night 121 georgiana be in bed , naked and asleep . grey be awake . he stare at she . something be troubling he . she wake , see he concern . georgiana ... what 's the matter ? there be no reply . georgiana ( cont 'd ) Charles ? grey the matter be that in a few day I will have to leave . you will be back with you husband , and I will not be with you . grey get out of bed and walk to the window . grey ( cont 'd ) perhaps it would be better if I be marry too , then we could be a triangle or a quadrangle , or ... whatever angle could contain you and I and -- I should ask Lady bess ; she seem to have survey the geometry and bent it to she favour . georgiana get out of bed and try to comfort he . georgiana Charles , we have have this time all for ourselves . let 's not taint it with thought of anything else ... anyway , whatever will become of we when you be make Prime Minister ? grey laugh . georgiana ( cont 'd ) when you be , you will be very far from I then . grey ( very intense ) never . georgiana embrace he . grey hold she tight . CUT to : 121a ext . political meeting room 121a contented and happy grey walk into the political meeting room . 122 123 CUT to : omitted 122 int . rented bath house . room - continuous 123 georgiana be stand in she bedroom , a make bed behind she . a maid put the finish touch to she hair and clothes . georgiana walk out into the ante room , head for the foyer . the double door open in front of she ... ...to reveal the duke and lady spencer wait for she . they be in travel clothes . georgiana gasp . duke think we would surprise you . I think you once say there be not enough spontaneity in we marriage . or word to that affect . georgiana mama , what be you do here ? lady spencer send she a severe look . duke so. have you see many of we circle down here ? georgiana some . the coke . and haverford . and Lord wicklow . duke bunch of politico , too , be not there ? meeting and such . georgiana I believe . duke be not ... be not grey here ? a beat as georgiana 's heart stop . duke ( cont 'd ) by which I mean Mr Charles grey . rumour have it that he be . georgiana jump to the heart of the issue . georgiana I will not give he up . lady spencer georgiana ! georgiana everyone have a lover . bess be the lover of my husband ! duke that situation be agree upon . georgiana yes , I hold myself in so little esteem that I acquiesce to make you happy ! duke if you have exercise some discretion , it may have be different . georgiana differ --?! duke the only good fortune be that it have not yet make it to the newspaper . lady spencer my dear , grey be unmarried . he have no rank and no wealth . he risk nothing with this affair . the hazard be all yours . georgiana grey love I . lady spencer so do you husband . georgiana stare at she mother in disbelief , then at the duke . duke yes . I love you ! georgiana how ? ! duke in the way I understand love . lady spencer georgiana , this have go much too far . it be beneath we dignity . all London be talk ... georgiana then let they talk ! grey make I a fall woman , well and good , now William may divorce I and bess become duchess of devonshire ! lady spencer that will never happen ! lady spencer stare harshly at georgiana . then she make for the door . lady spencer ( cont 'd ) I think I will leave you to it . lady spencer leave the room . georgiana look apprehensively at the duke . georgiana what follow now ? be you go to tear off my clothes and force yourself upon I again ? duke why on earth would I do that ? georgiana look at he in surprise . duke ( cont 'd ) I know that you have not think much of either my intellect or my manners , but in fact I never do anything that serve no purpose . georgiana be hurt , and look at the duke in silence . he be compose in a way she have never see before . duke ( cont 'd ) I know precisely what you two have together . georgiana we love each other . duke I do not doubt it . he be a dreamer like yourself . you both dream of another world that do not exist and never will . ( beat ) as for reality , however , allow I to enlighten you : if you do not give he up at once , I will see to it that every home and cheque book in this country be close to he . he will be welcome neither in the hall of government nor its back room of power . his dream of become prime minister , you mutual fantasy of a change world , will be dead as ash . the duke pause before deliver the final blow . duke ( cont 'd ) and you will never see you child again . georgiana be open mouth , stunne . duke ( cont 'd ) you be give to say " love be a act . " well , this be a act . georgiana turn and run out of the room . CUT to : 124 int . rented bath house . ante room - continuous 124 georgiana be close to the wall , tremble . lady spencer enter and shut the door behind she . lady spencer what do you imagine you will have if you stay with grey ? georgiana love. Passion . lady spencer for a time . georgiana for ever . lady spencer there be no such thing . georgiana mama ... all my life , it seem to I , I have be fight my way upstream . with Charles , I find myself go down the stream , effortlessly and naturally . I never realize that it could be that easy . you can not ask I to battle nature , and my own heart . not now . lady spencer oh will you never grow up ! and how will you live , even ? Friends will shun you , family will abandon you . there will not be a house open to you in all of England . georgiana ( try to convince herself ) grey will be Prime Minister . lady spencer not with he whore , the duchess of " D " on he arm and the Duke pull every string to ruin he . he will never be Prime Minister . he will pretend it do not matter , but it will . he will put on a good face for a while , but he will come to hate you for it . at this georgiana 's eye fill with tear . lady spencer ( cont 'd ) most likely you 'il end up alone - a wife with no husband and a mother with no child . at best you will become someone else 's mistress , live on charity , which can be take away at any moment . georgiana you can not know all that ! lady spencer look at you friend bess ! CUT to : 125 int . rented bath house . foyer - day 125 the duke wait by the front door . georgiana exit the dress room and walk toward he . beat . georgiana I must ask you to return to London . duke without you ? georgiana yes . the duke take out a package of letter . duke this be from the girl - I promise to deliver they . hart neglect to write , but then he be not yet one . the duke put the package in she hand . georgiana take they but hold they down by she side , refuse to even acknowledge they . georgiana I can not give up Charles . I could not survive another day without he . duke then I must warn you . this will be the mistake of you life . georgiana no , I make that many year ago . I trust you can let yourself out . georgiana leave . the duke send she a icy stare , then turn to the servant at the door . duke for God 's sake , open the door , man ! the servant quickly open the door . the duke exit . lady spencer follow from the ante room . at the door she share one last sad look with georgiana , then walk past . CUT to : 125a omitted 125a 126 int . political meeting room . day 126 *** grey be pace up and down . georgiana remain stand . ak georgiana kk he will come down on we with ake everything in he power . ak grey kk we must not be frighten into kkk submission . ak georgiana kk we would be foolish not to be ake frighten . ak grey kk no . we would be foolish to let ake future fear stand in we way . kkk georgiana kk he will be without mercy . ak grey kk then so will we . ak georgiana look straight at he . ak georgiana kk how Charles ? ak grey kk we will fight ... we georgiana kk what do we have to fight with ? kkk grey we ideal , we principle . and if we must we will make sacrifice . georgiana and be you ready to do that ? everything you have work for ? beat . grey yes , I be ... whatever be necessary . if it mean we will be together . georgiana look at he , try to gauge in she own mind of she believe this . before she be able to probe further ... grey ( cont 'd ) be you ? beat , as georgiana consider the full consequence of this . georgiana yes . beat . grey smile and kiss she . grey let we talk later . I shall be back soon . georgiana look at he as he leave . grey turn in the doorway and smile . she smile back at he but there be doubt creep in behind it . CUT to : kk kk kk kk kk kk kk k k k k kkk kk k k kk kk k k kk kk k k kk k k k k kk k k kk kk k k kk 127 128 129 130 131 132 omitted 127 int . rented bath house . foyer - that afternoon 128 georgiana enter the room , strong and confident . a servant take she cape and hat then leave . georgiana be alone . she be aware of the package of child 's letter on the side table where the duke leave it . georgiana turn away from it but after a moment turn back . she take a deep breath and rip it open . there be letter in spidery child 's handwrite , colourful drawing . it hit she hard . she finger trace over the drawing , the message , the kiss at the bottom .... she be suddenly face with the reality of the choice she be about to make . it 's heart break but she know she can not be without she child . CUT to : omitted 129 omitted 130 omitted 131 int . devonshire house - entrance hall . day 132 georgiana rush into the hallway . CUT to : 133 int . devonshire house . red room - day 133 georgiana run into the room and hug she child . Minutes later : we be behind the duke as he walk slowly down a corridor . we can hear child 's voice in the background . he reach the end of the corridor and the scene be reveal : georgiana sit in the middle of the room , surround by she child , play a game together . georgiana hug the girl . closer . tighter . in the background , georgiana notice the duke surveying the scene . georgiana gesture to the nanny to come over . georgiana run along , girl . I shall join you in a moment . the girl leave with the nanny . the duke watch they go , then turn to georgiana . duke you must know that I be greatly pleased that we have come to a arrangement . it 's not good for little one to be without they mother for too long . georgiana my life for theirs ... duke that 's one way of put it . you mother call it " common decency before personal gratification " , or some such thing ... the exact word escape I ... georgiana how about ' imprison in my own house 's ? duke no , that 's not how she put it . I would have remember that . georgiana send he a hateful look and walk out . CUT to : 134 omitted 134 134a int . devonshire house . corridor - continuous 134a georgiana walk into the corridor . after a few moment she see bess appear from the shadow . bess ( whisper ) how do Charles take it ? georgiana stop by she . she be businesslike . georgiana I do not know . I just leave . if I have see he again , I would have stay . bess no letter , either ? georgiana shake she head . bess ( cont 'd ) I know it 's cruel , georgiana , but it 's for the best . georgiana look at bess , then continue to walk off down the corridor . CUT to : 135 135 a 136 137 138 omitted 135 int . devonshire house . dine room . night - week later 135 a a violinist and harpsichordist play a beautiful , slow piece of music from the corner . CUT to : int . devonshire house . room . night 136 the music continue in the background as three silver plate cover by silver dome be carry by servant . CUT to : int . devonshire house . dine room . night 137 georgiana , bess and the duke be seat for dinner at they vast table . it 's tense , silent and extremely formal as the three servant bring in the plate . in unison they step forward to take away the dome , revealing elaborately prepare poussin - it 's a unexpected comic moment . they begin to eat . no one say a word . suddenly we hear door crash OPEN from far outside the room . there be the distant sound of a man 's voice , raise and angry . georgiana know immediately that it be grey . so too do the duke who shoot she a vicious look . georgiana rise , georgiana you Grace , bess . will you excuse I . CUT to : int . devonshire house . entrance hall . night - minute lathb8 georgiana enter to see grey at the foot of the stair , surround by footmen try to stop he get further . grey be wild . he yell at georgiana , quite oblivious to the footmen . grey why have not you respond to my letter ?! georgiana try to maintain calm and walk toward he . grey ( cont 'd ) I have write a dozen time a day , and there be nothing from you ! what have happen ?! do you love I no longer ?! she look at the footmen , head by burleigh , the butler . georgiana thank you , burleigh . burleigh bow , and though still remain present , recede into the background with the footmen . grey come closer . georgiana steel herself ... georgiana ( cont 'd ) my personal feeling remain unalter ... grey then we must be together again . I want to marry you . I want you to bear my child ... and I do not care if they be boy or girl ! ... but georgiana be barely hold it together . georgiana I wish it could be like that . grey it can . it will . sorrow come however we try to avoid they . we must stay we course and not give in . georgiana ( firmly ) no , Charles . grey step forward to take she arm but georgiana back away . burleigh make as if to intervene , but hold back . grey you must leave and be with I , a free woman ! now , let we leave now ! it be still possible . let we at least take a chance . georgiana I can not risk my child . grey stare at she with wide , angry , torture eye . georgiana ( cont 'd ) this be a sacrifice I be force to make ... but I have give you up for they only . and in so do I have lose my heart and soul . grey look at she , sad and weak , nothing leave to argue . georgiana stand firm . she gesture to burleigh . 139 140 georgiana ( cont 'd ) burleigh , will you please escort Mr. grey to the door ? burleigh come forward and stand next to grey . georgiana still look at he . her eye glisten . grey you promise I . georgiana I know ... grey , choke with pain , stare one more beat , then turn and walk away . burleigh and footmen follow , like bouncer . CUT to : int . devonshire house . dine room . night - minute later139 georgiana slowly sit again . she be distant , with no interest in the food in front of she . the duke look up , chew . duke what 's the matter , do not like the chicken ? I find it really quite decent . the table be quiet . not even bess can muster a reply . georgiana look at he . georgiana I be with child . CUT to : int . devonshire house . georgiana 's bedroom - morning 140 rain spit against the window . wind blow in the tree outside . georgiana be sit in she bed , stare blankly before she . the duke and bess enter . duke ( to bess ) will you be so kind as to inform the duchess of my decision ? bess look deeply uncomfortable . bess ( appealingly ) georgiana - georgiana do not respond , but keep stare into the air . bess take a deep breath . bess ( cont 'd ) it will be like this : you will be take to the country where you will give birth to the child , and the child will subsequently be trust to the care of Charles grey 's family . georgiana make no reply . bess ( cont 'd ) be you listen to I ? georgiana slide silently into a recline position . duke I think she have hear you . let 's leave she . bess georgiana , please -— duke I say : let 's leave . this be not a discussion . she have be inform of my decision . bess look at georgiana . bess have pity on she , William ... duke pity be damned . she bring this upon herself , as well you know . now come ... the duke start to go out . bess 's voice stop he . bess no . I will go with she . duke you be not go anywhere ... bess ( turn , magnificently ) I will go with G if G will have I , and there be nothing you can say or do to stop either of we . the duke be speechless . georgiana look up for the first time . the duke leave . the woman be leave alone in silence with each other . they eye meet . CUT to : 141 142 143 144 ext . countryside . day 141 on a windy , end of summer day , two plain coach travel across the flat and largely featureless landscape . CUT to : omitted 142 ext . SMALL house in the countryside . day 143 the house be simple and remote , the only building for mile around . chicken peck outside . it be far remove from the opulence georgiana and bess be use to . the two coach be park outside . from the rear coach , luggage be be unpack and bring inside . CUT to : int . house in the countryside . day 144 georgiana enter this house with bess and a servant . it 's plain and unlive in . bess follow georgiana into what be to be she bedroom . georgiana thank you for come . bess I could not not be with you . georgiana smile . georgiana I count it a triumph we have become friend again when fate have be so intent on keep we rival . bess so do I . the Duke be for my boy only . you be for I . georgiana put she hand around she stomach . georgiana bess , how will I do this ? bess for Charlotte , for harryo , for little G , for hart ... georgiana nod she head . 145 omitted CUT to : 145 146 147 148 ext . house in the countryside . day - some time later 146 we hear the mute sound of georgiana scream over shot of the house and the wildlife around it . CUT to : omitted 147 int . bedroom . house in the countryside . morning 148 a baby be sleep in its cot . 149 bess be sit in the other corner of the room . a footman appear at the door and nod to she . bess look apprehensive . she go to georgiana 's bedside . bess ( gently ) it 's time . georgiana flinch - it 's the moment she 's be dread . bess come closer and gesture toward the baby . bess ( cont 'd ) would it help if I ... georgiana ( look up ) no , bess . I must do it . georgiana snip a piece of hair from she sleep baby and put it in a distinctive silver locket . CUT to : ext . crossroad in the countryside . day 149 it be a barren and featureless landscape with one straight dirt track run through it . two dark coach be already park ahead . georgiana 's coach , contain georgiana and bess , pull up fifty yard behind it . at the first of the dark coach , a butler stand to one side , a wet nurse to the other . from the second step a serious look older man , general grey . charle grey be nowhere to be see . bess look on from the side of they coach as georgiana slowly take the baby up the track , hold it tight to she all the way . general grey ( flatly ) you Grace . I be General grey . georgiana where be Charles ? general grey you husband think it best if I take care of this . georgiana take a deep breath . she have not expect this , and now she be be ask to hand she baby over to a stranger , and a seemingly cold one at that . it 's not clear that she will go through with it ... georgiana gently kiss the baby 's head , whisper to she , smell she hair , she skin , run she nose down she face and breathe she in for one last time . bess find this impossible to watch and turn away . 150 with immense difficulty georgiana finally go to hand she baby over . general grey do not take it . he nod sharply to he wet nurse who step forward to take the baby , although for a moment georgiana simply can not let she go . general grey immediately turn to go back to the coach . georgiana call after he . georgiana General grey ... general grey stop and turn . georgiana ( cont 'd ) -.- she name be eliza . general grey look at georgiana give nothing away . he turn and go back into he coach , follow by the butler and the wet nurse and georgiana 's baby girl into theirs . as the baby girl be pass into the coach , georgiana can hear she daughter begin to cry a little . georgiana instinctively flinch , use all she strength to hold she back from run over to comfort she . the driver crack the whip and georgiana watch as the dark coach ride off , leave she alone with the barren landscape behind . she slowly sink down onto the wet and muddy ground . bess come forward and hold she . CUT to : omitted 150 151 152 153 153a int . bedroom . house in the countryside - dawn 151 the cot be empty . low winter sun cut through the window . georgiana sit alone in she bedroom , lose in think and roll a locket of eliza 's hair back and forth between she finger . it feel as if she have be sit there all night . bess enter and come close . it take a moment for georgiana to notice she 's even there . bess produce two linen flannel . georgiana look quizzically at they . bess ( gently ) for you milk . georgiana look down - there be two wet patch on she breast . bess kneel next to georgiana and hold tight onto georgiana 's almost lifeless body . bess ( cont 'd ) the Duke have ask that we return as soon as possible . georgiana nod but do not move . CUT to : omitted 152 i/e. devonshire house . garden . afternoon - spring 153 a primitive sprinkler be operate by a gardener spread water across the manicure green grass make a loud and distinctive sound . other gardener be on they hand and knee cut the grass with scissors . time have elapse , perhaps a month , and it 's spring now . Inside , there be a series of shot of the empty , still house . CUT to : int . devonshire house . room . afternoon - spring 153a georgiana sit in a chair , distract . she clutches the silver locket of eliza 's hair , the chain wrap tight around she hand . a maid appear at the door . georgiana 's clutches the locket in she hand so it can not be see . maid you Grace , I have Charlotte to see you . georgiana turn she head to the door . charlotte be stand with the maid . she step into the room . charlotte we be all in the garden , mama . will you come and join we ? georgiana be unable to connect for a split second . charlotte remain look at she . georgiana come to and be about to say yes but see the duke approach from behind . georgiana in a moment . charlotte give a small smile and leave . duke hello , G. georgiana you Grace . the duke fidget and , unusually for he , look warmly at G. duke I be not particularly adept at express myself when it come to matter of a more personal nature , but I shall endeavour to try . [ beat ] over the year I have act in way that you have judge ... harsh . well I do not wish for you to undergo any further suffer . indeed , I would like we life to return to a calm normality . georgiana thank you William . the duke look relieved . he smile . duke Lady Melbourne have arrange a small gather in honour of you recent return from holiday . give some of the vague report that have be circulate over this past year , I think it would be wise for we to go . a show of unity , so to speak . beat . georgiana who will be there ? duke everybody . georgiana recognise what this must mean . georgiana as you wish . the duke turn back to the window . we see what he see : bess be play with all they child in the garden , the image distort by the wavy glass of the window pane . it be a mirrore moment from he open scene where he watch the young people dance , he thought then a mystery ... the duke resume he faraway look and say as if from nowhere , duke how wonderful to be that free . georgiana look at he sympathetically , as if for the first time she finally understand this trap and complex man . 153 b the duke , a little expose by he revealing statement , nod and leave , disappear off into the long corridor . after a beat , georgiana take the duke 's position at the window and look out at the child play with bess and smile . CUT to : ext . devonshire house . garden . day 153b bess stand in the garden , watch the child . georgiana approach from behind she . the two woman look at each other , understanding the sentiment completely . they smile , then georgiana lead they forward to the child . they turn to see she . georgiana who will catch I first ? the child 's face light up . georgiana run around the garden , chase by they and bess until she finally allow herself to be catch . CUT to : 154 155 155 a 155b CUT to : omitted 154 i/e. lady melbourne's house - night 155 a society gather be in full swing . a footman address the party in he booming voice . footman the Duke and duchess of devonshire . and Lady Elizabeth Foster . behind the front door bess whisper to georgiana . bess be you ready for this ? georgiana yes . the room go quiet with a great sense of expectation ... the door swing open ... georgiana step back into the limelight ... she 's look stylish but in a mature , demure way . georgiana walk through the crowd , take in the scene around she . she nod hello to fox and sheridan , and there 's a warm , ad-hoc mix of bow and ' welcome home you Grace 's . she have be accept back with respect and relief . CUT to : omitted 155a int . lady melbourne 's house . room - night 155b georgiana enter another room full of people . across it she see charle grey . the duke and bess be aware of he too , but stand back to allow georgiana to handle the situation . it feel risky in this company but georgiana walk through the crowd toward he . georgiana Mr grey . grey you Grace ... a subtle hush descend on the gather as the guest around they look over with bate breath , sense the whiff of scandal . the tension in the room be palpable . georgiana 's be nervous and it be unclear whether she will give way to she emotion or manage to keep she composure . grey too , be awkward but summon up the strength to act for the crowd . grey ( cont 'd ) I trust you tour be agreeable ? georgiana understand what he be do and reciprocate . georgiana yes , thank you . we pass the summer in Switzerland and the winter in Nice . grey well , I speak for everybody when I say how glad I be that you have return home safely . georgiana smile back . her eye tell a different story . the polite and seemingly innocent small talk continue ... georgiana and what news be there with you ? grey look uncomfortable . beat. grey I be to be engage to Lady ponsonby . the announcement will follow shortly . georgiana swallow hard . beat . georgiana congratulation . beat . grey look at she again . grey and I have a niece ... georgiana look up quickly . grey ( cont 'd ) +..- who be much love . beat as she take a moment to digest this .. grey ( cont 'd ) one day you should come and see she . in a little while . if you would like ... beat . they look at each other . georgiana I would like that very much . 156 157 georgiana curtsy with perfect etiquette and walk back into the party . grey watch she go as she walk confidently off into the crowd to join the duke and bess who be wait for she . CUT to : omitted 156 omitted 157 158 159a 159b 160 omitted 158 ( formerly sc . 156 ) int . devonshire house . entrance hall 159a night it 's still and silent in the house . ( formerly part of sc . 157 ) int . hallway to bedroom . 159b devonshire house - night the duke , bess and georgiana walk through a long corridor . they stop at the point in the corridor where it split into two direction : one toward the duke 's bedroom , the other toward georgiana and bess 's . duke good night , G . georgiana good night , William . the duke turn to bess , expect she to follow he . bess look to georgiana , who look back intensely . bess get the message and turn back to the duke . bess good night , William . the duke be surprised , but do not want to upset the newfound harmony . duke oh yes , well ... good night bess . the duke walk off to he bedroom alone . georgiana and bess walk together , two massive dress side by side down the middle of the wide corridor and room , rustling in the silence . they look at each other and smile supportively , then reach out to hold hand . CUT to : ( formerly part of sc . 157 ) int . georgiana 's bedroom . 160 devonshire house georgiana and bess settle outside georgiana 's bedroom . georgiana look at bess . bess smile back . they embrace and bess walk off . in a mirror of scene 4 ab georgiana walk from camera into the room , then turn around for we to see she strong , determine face . georgiana nod to two servant who step forward , take the handle and pull the double door close , georgiana 's face finally disappear behind the crack in the middle with a bang . cut to black . after a moment the follow word appear : georgiana , the Duke and bess live openly together for the next ten year until georgiana die fade out / fade in : georgiana ensure in she will that bess could marry the Duke and become the next duchess of devonshire fade out / fade in grey become Britain 's 32nd Prime Minister fade to black , then fade up to : a portrait of eliza - she face a mix between georgiana and grey . on this be superimpose : in late childhood eliza find out the true identity of she mother . the source of the informant remain unknown . the picture pan down to a miniature around eliza 's neck - it be of georgiana as she start in the film : a open , optimistic seventeen year old girl smile out to camera . end title .