duck Soup ( 1933 ) screenplay by Harry Ruby , bert kalmar and grover Jones the story begin with a open shot on the exterior of the executive mansion . it be a gala day . Soldiers be line up in front of the entrance ; expensive car and carriage be arrive and deposit distinguished notables from the adjoin country . two trumpeter at the head of the stair announce the arrival of each notable . in the large reception hall , Mrs. teasdale , wife of the late president , be greeting the newcomer . the room be fill with distinguished guest . at the moment we see Mrs. teasdale , she be talk with a notable . in the near background be a group of distinguished man , member of she own cabinet . her word to the notable be not lose on they , and as she begin to praise the new dictator , there be the exchange of disapprove glance . mrs . teasdale it be so good of you to come . notable a honor , Mrs. teasdale ... you must indeed have great faith in you new dictator to give he such a magnificent reception . mrs . teasdale I feel that rufus T. firefly be the only logical successor to my dear depart husband . he have the statesmanship of gladstone , the humility of lincoln , and the wisdom of pericles . the notable kiss she hand once more and leave the scene . as he do , the background group move into Mrs. teasdale . they spokesman address Mrs. teasdale . first cabinet member ( protestingly ) Mrs. teasdale , as member of freedonia 's cabinet , we do not approve of you choice . who be this rufus T. firefly ? second cabinet member ( waving aloft a paper ) a stranger in we midst , a agent for the Eureka ammunition company . think of it , gentlemen , a ammunition salesman dictating the policy of we peace- loving country . third cabinet member reconsider , Mrs. teasdale , before it be too late . the citizen of freedonia want a President ! mrs . teasdale as the widow of you last president , I have the right to choose -- and , gentlemen , I refuse to discuss the matter any further . Mrs teasdale turn she back on they , leave they to mumble among themselves . from off scene come a servant 's voice , announce : servant his excellency , ambassador verdi trentino of amnesia ! cut ... to the archway . we see trentino enter with a beautiful brunette at he side . he be follow by two or three of he fellowmen . he move across the reception hall to Mrs. teasdale , bow most graciously and press he lip to the back of she hand , then introduce he companion . trentino Mrs. teasdale ... my niece , Vera . Mrs. teasdale shake the girl 's hand warmly . mrs . teasdale ( to niece ) you uncle have be such a friend to we in every crisis . without he country 's financial aid -- trentino ( lightly ) what be money ? ( tenderly ) Mrs. teasdale , for you -- I would do anything . mrs . teasdale ( fluster ) ambassador ! ( attempt to change the subject ) I be so anxious for you to meet we new dictator . trentino ( persistent in he flattery ) Mrs. teasdale -- no matter who rule freedonia , to I you will always be the first lady of the land . trentino attempt to take she hand . the latter be a bit confuse , much to the amusement of Vera , who laughingly say : vera Mrs. teasdale , my uncle 's hopeless -- you have be the only topic of conversation ever since we leave amnesia . Mrs. teasdale 's confusion be happily interrupt by the announcement of a servant , off scene . servant the honorable Mohamed pandooh of mufhtan ! mrs . teasdale ( hastily ) oh , I must greet his honor . Mrs. teasdale exit from the scene quickly . Vera and trentino look after she , then Vera laugh softly , as they eye meet . vera so that 's the one you want to marry . trentino with Mrs. teasdale as my wife and freedonia under my control -- ( he rub he hand significantly ) vera maybe it 's not go to be so easy . from what I have hear , Mrs. teasdale be rather sweet on this rufus T. firefly . trentino that 's where you come in . I will leave he in you hand , and do not forget you be suppose to be my niece . Vera wink agreeingly . Mrs. teasdale enter the scene with Bob firefly ( zeppo ) . she introduce he . mrs . teasdale I want you to meet the son of his excellency -- Bob firefly ... ambassador trentino ... he niece , Vera , after the formality of introduce , trentino say : trentino be not it about time for the ceremony to begin , Mrs. teasdale ? ( mockingly ) I do hope his excellency will not be late . bob ( defensively ) my father make it a point to always be on time . as long as I have know he , he 's never be late for a appointment . trentino but it 's two minute of ten now . bob ( as music begin ) his excellency be due to take he station . beginning he new administration ... he will make he appearance when the clock on the wall strike ten . mrs . teasdale ( sing ) when the clock on the wall strike ten all you loyal lady and you patriotic man let 's sing the national anthem when ... the clock on the wall strike ten . the clock begin to strike the hour ... one ... two ... three ... four ... all ( sing ) hail , hail , freedonia ... mightiest of mighty nation ! hail , hail , freedonia land of the brave and free . this finish on a operatic note with everybody with outstretch hand turn toward the main door that connect the reception hall with the outer hall . groucho do not appear and once more they all sing . all ( sing ) hail , hail , freedonia ... land of the brave and free . again groucho fail to appear and they all sing once more . all hail , hail , freedonia ... land of the brave and free . Mrs. teasdale exchange a apprehensive glance with bob. Vera and trentino smile . mrs . teasdale ( nervously ) I hope nothing have happen . bob Mrs. teasdale , I assure you there be nothing to worry about . Father be probably take extra care in get into he robe of state . I will call he . Bob go over to a corner of the room and pull a tapestry bell cord . this ring a fire bell in groucho 's room -- and groucho be disclose asleep in he canopy bed under a mosquito netting . he have a unlight cigar in he mouth . the continue jangling of the fire bell awaken he from he slumber and he rise quickly . the cigar begin to emit smoke when he start puffing . he hurry over to one corner of the room where he clothes be arrange in fireman fashion , get into they , and then side down a fireman 's pole into the reception hall . the guest be sing the last two line of the national anthem when he arrive . all hail , hail , freedonia ... land of the brave and free . groucho start across the hall in the direction of Mrs. teasdale . he pass several notables , one of whom be wear a impressive look medal . groucho deprive he of it without stop he forward movement , and pin it on himself . he pause only when he be face the principal group . mrs . teasdale ( beam as she address groucho ) as chairwoman of the reception committee , I welcome you and extend the good wish of every man , woman and child of freedonia . I deem it a honor on this momentous occasion ... groucho ( interrupt ) never mind that stuff ... he take a pack of card from be pocket and extend they to Mrs. teasdale . groucho take a card . the bewilder Mrs. teasdale comply . groucho put the other fifty - one card in he pocket . mrs . teasdale what will I do with this card ? groucho you can keep it -- I have get a whole pack ... now what be you say ? mrs . teasdale as chairwoman of the reception committee , I welcome you with open arm . groucho how late do you stay open ? mrs . teasdale in choose you , I feel that I serve my country well . I heartily endorse everything you stand for . groucho well , I will not stand for much . and I will not stand for you if you do not show some improvement soon . look at you report card last month -- " D " in spelling ... six in behavior . now who be the six ? a fine state of affair -- no wonder you can not matriculate , now what be you say ? mrs . teasdale the future of freedonia rest upon you . promise I you will follow in my husband 's footstep . groucho ( to camera ) I have not be on the job five minute and already she 's make advance to I . ( to Mrs. teasdale ) not that I care -- but where be you husband ? mrs . teasdale ( slightly embarrassed ) why - er -- my husband pass away ... ( reverently ) I be with he to the very end . groucho no wonder he pass away . I would like to be with you to the very end . can not you see what I be try to tell you -- I love you . mrs . teasdale ( very warmly ) you excellency ! groucho you be not so bad yourself , Mrs. teasdale , when I look at you I can see that we be face a crisis . we have get to balance the budget -- we have get to cut down everything include , you . ambassador trentino enter the scene . mrs . teasdale oh ... you excellency ... I would like to present to you ... ambassador verdi trentino of amnesia ... have he with we today be indeed a great honor . trentino ( to Mrs. teasdale , smile appreciatively ) thanks ... but I can not stay very long . groucho that 's even a great honor . trentino I bring you the greeting of my President and the good will of my people . groucho I will keep the greeting -- but you can send back the good will ... what we need right now be twenty million dollar . trentino twenty million dollar be a considerable sum ... I will have to discuss that with my Minister of Finance . groucho well , in the meantime , could you let I have $ 50 personally ? trentino ( surprise ) $ 50 ? groucho I will tell you what I will do . I will give you Mrs. teasdale as security . ( throw a glance at Mrs. teasdale ) or my jackknife . if you want my advice , you will take the jackknife ... I have a better proposition ... make it $ 25 and I will give you a first mortgage on my son and I hope you foreclose . trentino ( with a puzzle look at groucho ) you excellency , have not we meet before ? groucho ( look at trentino ) why yes . I meet you at the dog race -- say , you could have win that race if you try a little harder . Vera trentino enter scene . trentino excellency , may I present my niece . groucho go ahead . trentino you do not understand . this be my niece Vera . groucho ( throw she a glance ) and Vera niece , too . vera you excellency , please do not think I silly , but I would love to have a picture of you . I want to hang it in my bedroom . groucho you could not hang I in you bedroom -- I will make a note of it . where 's my secretary ? ( look around ) Bob ( zeppo ) enter scene . bob here I be , Father . groucho ( to Bob ) take a letter . bob ( take out a stenographer 's pad and pencil ) who to ? groucho the President of the United States . Bob write as groucho dictate groucho my dear President ... read it back ... bob ( reading from pad ) " my dear President " ... groucho that do not sound right ... take out " President " ... now read it . bob ( reading ) " my dear " ... groucho that 's not right yet ... put back " President " and take out " dear " ... how do it read now ? bob ( reading ) " my President " ... groucho there 's still something wrong with it ... take out " President " ... now what have you get ? bob ( reading ) " my " ... groucho now we be on the right track ... put back " dear " ... how do it read ? bob ( reading ) " my dear " ... groucho you can not say that to the President ... put back " President " ... now let 's hear how sound . bob ( reading ) " my dear President " ... groucho that 's what I want in the first place . tear it up and send it airmail . bob be that all ? groucho take another letter ... to my tailor . Bob take dictation again . groucho dear Sir ... enclose find check for $ 100 . your very truly ... send that immediately . bob I will have to enclose the check first . groucho you do and I will fire you . groucho glare over he shoulder at Bob to emphasize he remark as the latter exit from the scene . Mrs. teasdale enter to groucho . mrs . teasdale ( to groucho ) you excellency , the eye of the world be upon you . notables from every land be gather here in you honor -- ( indicating the guest with a wave of she hand ) this be a gala day for we . groucho well , a gal a day be enough for I . I could not handle any more . mrs . teasdale if it 's not ask too much -- ( recitative ) for we information just for illustration ( begins tune ) tell we how you intend to run the nation . groucho ( sing ) this be the law of my administration : no one 's allow to smoke or tell a dirty joke -- and whistling be forbidden ... ensemble ( sing ) we be not allow to tell a dirty joke hail , hail , freedonia groucho ( sing ) if chew gum be chew , the chewer be pursue and in the hoosegow hide ... ensemble ( sing ) if we should choose to chew , we will be pursue - groucho if any form of pleasure be exhibit report to I and it will be prohibit . I will put my foot down ; so shall it be - this be the land of the free . the last man nearly ruin this place he do not know what to do with it . if you think this country 's bad off now just wait ' till I get through with it . ( do sailor 's hornpipe ) the treasury be low on dough ; the last man go and fly with it . if you think we be short of money now just wait ' till I get through with it . ( do highland fling ) the country 's tax must be fix - and I know what to do with it , if you think you be pay too much now , just wait ' till I get through with it . ( take flute from inside pocket and play strain of Dixie ) dignitary ( sing ) in we midst you stand the ruler of this land a man who will govern with a iron hand . groucho ( sing ) if anyone get fresh with I , I will show he who 's the boss ; I will stand upon my dignity , and toss he for a loss . and this will be the penalty for that who doublecross - we will stand them up against the wall , and pop go the weasel ensemble ( sing ) if you should make he cross , he will toss you for a loss . if anyone get fresh with he , he will show he who 's the boss . groucho do minuet with girl as above be sung groucho ( sing ) I will not stand for anything that 's crooked or unfair ; I be strictly on the up and up , so everyone beware . if anyone 's catch take graft and I do not get my share , we will stand them up against the wall - and pop go the weasel ! ensemble ( sing ) so everyone beware who 's crooked or unfair ; no one must take a bit of graft unless he get he share . ( groucho dance as above be sung ) groucho ( sing ) if any man should come between a husband and he bride , we find out which one she prefer by let she decide . if she prefer the other man , the husband step outside ; we stand he up against the wall and pop go the weasel ! ensemble ( sing ) the husband step outside ; relinquish he bride ; we stand he up against the wall and take he for a ride . ( groucho dance as above be sung ) groucho the population must increase with great rapidity . we give a couple seven year to raise a family . if , by that time , there be no branch upon the family tree , we stand them up against the wall - and pop go the weasel . groucho do a dance with Mrs. teasdale who join he reluctantly and register embarrassment as dance continue . he might finish dance in she arm , look tenderly at she as she beam down at he . mrs . teasdale ( as she beam on he ) you have make a wonderful impression . you view be liberal ... it be easy to see you have a open mind . groucho that 's what I get for dress in a hurry . mrs . teasdale you excellency , you must not forget you appointment at the House of Representatives ... have you get you speech ready ? groucho I write a speech last night that will knock they off they seat ... ( he take a paper from inside pocket as he say above ... then read from paper ) four score and seven year ago , we father bring forth on this continent a new nation -- mrs . teasdale why , that 's the speech that lincoln make at gettysburg ... groucho ( with a look of great surprise ) he do ?... I tell my son not to leave it lay around ... where be son ? Bob enter bob here I be , Father ... groucho send for my car ... bob ( Calling to servant off scene ) his excellency 's car ! this be repeat by a servant 's voice off scene ... a servant enter to groucho , bear he high silk hat . he bow low as he hand it to groucho ... groucho take hat , remove a white rabbit , hand it back to servant , don he hat and with a swanky gesture exit ... again we hear a servant 's voice call : " his excellency 's car " ... we see the trumpeter at the top of the step of the mansion , outside , stand at attention ... they trumpet at they side ... from inside come the voice of a servant call " his excellency 's car " ... the trumpeter click they heel , draw themselves erect , put the trumpet to they mouth and blow a fanfare to summon the car ... we cut to the exterior of the dictator 's garage . this be a pretentious affair . in central foreground a wall , in the center of which be a large wringht - iron double gate . on each side of the gate be a crest or design in relief . also two livery guard stand erect before the gate . a trumpeter on the wall above . through the gate we see the patio and suggestion of the garage . two or three high - class car in background identify the garage . at the beginning of the scene , we hear finish of trumpeter 's call . instantly the two guard move to the center of the gate and call through the bar - guard ( in unison ) his excellency 's car ! almost instantly there be a terrific roar of motor on the other side of the wall . the two guard open gate move in military manner . immediately the gate be wide open , harpo appear on he motorcycle , that carry a side car . the motorcycle be decorate ... perhaps a crest in relief on the side of the car ... a thin staff , about four or five foot high be fastened to the handle bar ... as harpo ride along , he hoist the freedonian flag to the staff . further along the road he hit a man ... he look behind to see what damage he 's do , but continue riding ... a CUT back to the man show that he be lie prostrate on the ground . we CUT back to harpo , who be just get off motorcycle ... he take another look back at the man , lower the flag to half - mast , take bugle , which be hang on he car and blow a few bar of tap ... he mount motorcycle again and start off ... CUT to top of mansion step as groucho come from mansion ... the two guard stand stiffly erect , form a seat by crossing hand ... groucho sit on the seat make by they hand , put he arm around they shoulder and they carry he down stair ... as fast as they can . CUT to harpo arrive in front of mansion just as groucho , carry by the man , move into the scene . groucho get into the side-car ... and in napoleonic manner say to harpo : groucho to the House of Representatives ... ride like fury ... do not stop for any signal and do not wait for a corner to make a turn ... see if you can break a record ... harpo take a phonograph record and smashes it on the ground ... there be a roar of the motor -- the motorcycle start off but leave the side -car . groucho get out of side-car ... start back to step , stop and say : groucho a fine thing -- leave the head of the nation at the foot of the stair ... as he dash up the stair , we CUT to harpo ... riding along ... a very attractive girl be come along in the opposite direction . as she approach harpo , he toot he horn to attract she attention , she throw he a indignant look and continue on down the street . harpo turn he motorcycle around and start after she . she look around , see harpo pursue and break into a run ... CUT back to harpo follow she , put on speed ... he lower the freedonian flag and simultaneously raise a pirate flag -- with skull and cross - bone on it , display prominently . a motorcycle cop be park on the corner wait for prospective violator ... he see harpo chase the girl and quickly start he motor and follow in pursuit ... the girl , as she reach the executive mansion , rush up the stair in a effort to escape . harpo come into the scene and ride up the stair after she ... as harpo get about half way up the stair the motorcycle cop be see approach the mansion . CUT to reception room of mansion as the girl be run madly through the room ... a moment later we see harpo on he bike follow ... there be panic among the guest . then we see the girl tear up the stair lead to the circular balcony ... CUT back to harpo . he look behind he as he ride and see the motorcycle cop follow on he bike . on the balcony above , the girl be run , with a occasional glance over she shoulder as she run out of scene ... harpo ride into scene . this time he be bent over he handle - bar in the manner of a six day bicycle rider ... follow closely behind he ride the motorcycle cop . they circle the mezzanine ... harpo in the lead , look back now and then over he shoulder at he pursuer ... this be do in imitation of a six day bicycle race ... the motorcycle cop be close in on harpo ... the latter approach a large open door , ride through the open , but the cop continue on around the balcony ... as he get to the opposite side of the circular balcony he pass another open doorway . harpo come riding out of it and be now in pursuit of the cop ... CUT down stair to groucho ... one hand be upraise hold a gun . as he look at a wrist watch , he fire gun , then address guest look into camera . groucho that conclude the nine o'clock sprint ... next Saturday night the winner of the six day bicycle race will receive ten thousand dollar in gold ... the follow morning we go off the gold standard ... CUT back to balcony ... harpo be pass the cop ... he hold up he hand for the cop to stop ... they both come to a halt ... harpo get off he motorcycle , walk over angrily to cop , take out he book , write out a summon and hand it to the cop as we fade out ... end of sequence " a " sequence " B " fade in on interior of freedonian House of Representatives . this interior although not a replica of we own House of Representatives , should be close enough technically to sell the idea ... each seat be occupy by a officious - look dignitary . on the platform be a few desk ... perhaps a pulpit which groucho use when he arrive ... the one to the right be the court stenographer 's desk , occupy by Bob firefly . he take note as the meeting progress . throughout the House run a ripple of excitement , which be stop by the rapping of the gavel by the speaker of the House . speaker gentlemen , gentleman , remember for forty - six year we have enjoy the friendship of amnesia , so ably represent by ambassador trentino . ( indicating the ambassador who be present ) we owe it to ourselves to listen to what he have to say ... trentino take the floor trentino gentlemen , while I admit it be unusual for a representative of one country to advise the legislative body of another , I assure you that I have the interest of freedonia at heart ... ( deferential applause ) we have leat you money in the past -- we be willing to lend you money again -- but , we cannot do it if you leader be allow by you , to carry out he ridiculous proposal ... in self - protection it be my -- Bob rise to interrupt bob I object !... we have no right to discuss this matter in the absence of my father . speaker ( to House ) we have be meeting every morning for eight day and not once have his excellency be on time ... trentino ( look at he watch ) gentlemen , I can not wait much longer ... speaker ( to Bob ) would you mind call you father again ? Bob press a button , either on desk or wall ... CUT to - the corner of groucho 's bedroom , show fireman 's pole . the sound of the clanging bell be hear over scene . groucho hurry into scene , fully clad but for he coat which he have on he arm ... without wait to don he coat he slide down the pole . we pick he up finish the slide down the pole into the House of Representatives . as he arrive the member be on they foot sing the last four bar of the national anthem . member ( sing ) hail , hail , freedonia land of the brave and free ... groucho hurry toward speaker 's desk , put on he coat as he go ... just as he reach the desk the sing subside . groucho turn to the body of man and look off in the direction of one of the representative . groucho ( point toward the individual off scene ) the Secretary of Agriculture be a little flat ... ( he take a match and scratch it across the top of the desk to light he cigar ... take a few puff , then rap the gavel . ) I move we open the morning session ... have anybody get a cork screw ? ( look out and around at member ) [ page miss ] groucho what 's to stop you from digging one ... and after you dig a river , how're ya gonna cross it without a bridge ...? we have get to have a bridge to stop people from go place -- then we have gotta stop they from come back . if you be worried about the expense we can have a bridge with only one end -- and if that 's a success we can do away with it altogether . I be tell you that what this country need be -- off scene we hear chico 's voice sing " p-e-a -n-u-t-s " ... this be follow by the piping of a whistle play the first strain of the peanut vendor ... groucho listen , annoyed and then continue groucho if there 's one thing we do not need right now -- it 's peanut -- gentleman , what good be a bridge if you have not get ammunition to blow it up ... ammunition be never cheaper ... right now , you can get two cannon for the price of one and shoot twice as far for half the money ... with every five thousand dollar purchase we throw in a Big bertha ... if you do not like she , you can throw she right out again . I tell you no country can protect itself without -- again chico 's voice come over scene sing " p-e-a -n-u-t - S " ... the whistling of the first strain of song - the peanut vendor be hear again speaker I be sorry you excellency , it be that infernal peanut vendor chicolini ... how can we accomplish anything with that constant annoyance ? trentino you excellency - be we or be we not go to discuss this problem - my time be valuable - I be a man of few word - groucho I be a man of one word ... scram !!! trentino exit resentfully groucho ( to Bob - arouse ) go out and chase that peanut vendor away from the building -- get rid of he if you have to use violence - if necessary call out the militia and if he be not look get I a bag of peanut . bob I have try to chase he but it 's no use - he will not go - groucho he will not eh ? - we will see about that - send for you father immediately . bob but you be my father - groucho never mind then , I will get in touch with he myself - CUT outside to chico stand by he peanut stand which have a whistle on it conspicuously display - chico ( sing loudly ) " p-e-a-n-u-t-s " close up of whistle piping tune of " peanut vendor " - trentino enter to chico - chico ( to trentino ) how be I do , boss ? trentino Fine - keep on yell - do everything you can to disturb firefly - now what about you cousin ? chico he 's work very hard - I get he a job drive firefly 's car - he 's -a drive he crazy and I be drive he nut - p-e-a-n-u-t-s sing even louder than before - trentino smirk approvingly and exit - the whistling of the tune follow as we CUT inside to groucho - and the well - know vamp of the " peanut vendor " be hear come over scene with orchestra accompaniment ... groucho ( glaring angrily at window ) I will get rid of that pest - watch I -- he walk determinedly in direction of window and break into a rhumba - with hand on hip - dip to ground a la Spanish dancer ... as he reach window we CUT outside . groucho be see in the window - which be on the ground floor - chico be by he peanut stand . groucho ( to chico - angrily ) hey you !! chico all right - chico take bag of peanut from stand - throw it to groucho - the latter catch bag and throw chico a dime - then start to eat the peanut . groucho have you get a license ? chico no , but my dog he 's a get million of they -- groucho ( munch peanut as chico walk over and stand under window ) what kind of a dog be he ? chico he use to be a bloodhound but he 's anemic -- groucho well - what be he now ? chico he 's half poodle and half watch dog - groucho half watch dog ? chico yeh , he 's only get one eye . groucho I do not know much about dog but you ought to be on the end of a leash - a ninety - nine year leash - ( give he a look of disgust ) look - what do you call you dog ? chico I do not call he , I whistle . groucho what do you whistle ? chico yankee poodle . groucho I have get just the place for a man like you but I be too busy right now to do any digging . what do you call you dog when you want he ? chico I do not want he . groucho well , if you do not want you dog why do not you put he in a pound ? chico he only weigh ten ounce -- groucho I can use you in the House of Representatives . we need a man who understand dog -- and that 's where this country be go to . step inside . groucho turn and disappear from the window - CUT inside of House of Representatives groucho ( to Bob ) in case of fire , how long will it take to empty this place ? bob ( after a moment 's think ) about - thirty - four second . groucho we will start a fire -- ( indicating representative ) -- and get rid of this microbe . groucho exit towards door lead into he private office . CUT to inside of private office which have another door lead to a hallway , and among other article of furniture , there be a impressive - look desk on which be a telephone . just as groucho come through the door into he office , chico enter through the other door . he be wear gauntlet , reach half way up he arm . as they walk toward each other the telephone ring and the two man make a mad dash for the telephone on the desk . chico beat groucho to the phone , pick up the receiver . chico ( at telephone ) hello !... yes ... yes ... he 's not in ... chico hang up receiver and turn to groucho who be wait impatiently chico that be for you . groucho I be sorry I be not in . I want to have a long talk with you ... now look here , my good man , you have get to stop yell " peanut " in front of the House of Representatives . chico oh no , I can not do it . groucho you do not want to be a public nuisance , do you ? chico sure . how much do the job pay ? ( or ) sure , if there 's a chance for advancement . groucho you would not consider go over Niagara Falls without a barrel ? chico ' at 's - a no good . I go to Niagara Falls once . groucho do you shoot the rapid ? chico no , but I shot some duck . groucho if there be a open season for fellow like you , I would get myself a hunt license . anyway , I be go to make you a sport proposition . you give up the peanut stand and I will make you vice - president of the country . chico oh , no -- nothing do . I have a brother who be a vice - president once and that 's the last we ever hear of he . groucho well , maybe he 's still the vice - president . now if I be to offer you -- telephone bell ring . the two man turn and run for the telephone . again chico get there first . groucho stand by exasperate while chico talk to the party on the other end of the line chico ( to telephone ) hello ... yes ... no , not yet ... all right ... Goodbye . ( hang up receiver - then say to groucho ) that be for you again . he want you to call he up as soon as you get back . groucho I do not know what 's keep I . I should have be here a long time ago . now how about my proposition ? chico what other job you get ? groucho let 's see -- what have I get in my cabinet besides mouse -- ( stop to think - then very enthusiastically ) I have get it -- how would you like to be Secretary of the Interior ? chico that 's no good . I like to work on the outside . I must have something easy . groucho then you do not wanna work hard ? chico I do not wanna work at all . groucho in that case you will have to take a civil service examination -- if you pass I will put you in the post-office -- stick out you tongue . chico I do not wanna stick out my tongue . groucho well , if you wanna work in the post - office you will have to stick out you tongue . chico look , I be a very nervous man . I gotta have a job where I come to work at eleven -- go to lunch at twelve -- and quit at one . and twice a year I gotta have a six month vacation . groucho I have get just the job for you -- Secretary of War . chico ' at 's - a fine . telephone bell ring . they both make a dash for the telephone , but harpo rush in through hallway door and reach the phone first . harpo pick up through telephone receiver , listen to conversation on the other end with a occasional nod and shake of the head . as he listen , he scribbles message on a piece of paper . he hold the write message up to the telephone receiver for a moment , then write a few more word on the paper . during this , chico and groucho stand by , terribly worried . finally harpo hang up the receiver and exit , tear up the paper groucho ( after a moment 's glance at harpo ) you know , I would be lose without a telephone . now - where be we ? oh , yes - I just make you Secretary of War . the first thing you do be buy ammunition -- you buy it from I and I get 10 % commission . chico what do I get ? groucho you get half mine and I get half yours . chico I do not want to buy ammunition -- we no gotta war . groucho then we have gotta start one . do you know how to start a war ? chico sure , that 's easy . you gotta insult somebody . groucho suddenly slap chico across the face with he glove , then as quickly bring to light a card which he present to chico in the professional manner of a experience duelist groucho my card . chico ( laugh ) that 's a- no good . you gotta insult somebody from another country . look -- ( put he large glove on the desk ) I come from one country . you come from another country . I say something you do not like . you say something I do not like - and I be insulted . groucho why be not I insulted ? chico you be insulted , but you do not know it . groucho ( indignantly ) then I demand a apology ! chico that 's a- no good . if I apologize we no get a war . look -- I send you a scrap of paper . you send I a scrap of paper -- and we have a scrap . groucho you have get a brain after all - and how you get along without it be amazing to I -- now , who can I insult ?... who do we owe money to ?... ( enthusiastically ) ambassador trentino ! how about he ? chico he 's -a very easy to insult -- I say something to he niece once , and he slap my face . groucho why do not he niece slap you face ? chico she do . groucho what do you say to she ? chico whisper in groucho 's ear -- groucho give he a indignant look groucho you be lucky I do not slap you face -- you oughtta be ashamed of yourself . where do you hear that story ? chico you tell it to I . groucho ( puzzle for a moment ) oh , yes , I remember -- and I should have slap Mrs. teasdale 's face when she tell it to I ... I be go right out and find trentino . you go right out and get yourself a army . chico turn to go - groucho stop he groucho wait a minute . what kind of a army do you think we oughtta have ? chico I think we oughtta have a stand army , so we can save money on chair . at this point chico be at the door and exit - groucho slam the door right in he face - then he walk over to the desk and see the larger gauntlet . he take a swing with he own glove , then take a hefty swing with the gauntlet . he leave he own glove on the desk and exit with the gauntlet in be hand . CUT outside . harpo be just pull up to the curb in front of the House of Representatives , in he motorcycle and side car . groucho come from the building wear gauntlet , get into the side car and with a dignify wave of he hand , say : groucho to Mrs. teasdale 's residence ! the motorcycle speed out of the scene , leave the side car behind . groucho this be the fifth trip I have make today and I have not be anywhere yet . and , as he get out of the side car and start to go back into the building , the scene fade out end of sequence " B " sequence " C " fade in to garden party . this be a afternoon tea in the garden of the teasdale estate . spot in the set - up be innumerable colorful umbrella , under which be tea table . the guest include the notables we see in the mansion in the first sequence . the only two people absent be ambassador trentino and Mrs. teasdale . Vera trentino be seat at one of the table and she presence be establish there in the open shot . Music be hear over the scene and should be continue through the scene as if be play by a orchestra on the premise . suddenly the chatter cease as the follow announcement be hear come over scene . guard voice ( from off scene ) his excellency , rufus T. firefly ! all eye turn toward that off scene and everyone rise to sing the last four bar of the national anthem . cut to the gateway lead into the garden ... a servant on each side of the gate , as groucho jauntily stride through the gate , swinging the unusually large gauntlet ... guest ( sing ) hail , hail , freedonia land of the brave and free ... groucho hand he high silk hat to one of the guard and start down the walk among the guest . from he attitude it be evident that he be intent on find ambassador trentino . suddenly he stop , have see something of interest off scene . the follow dialogue come over the scene . trentino's voice can not you see , gloria , we marriage would not only unite two great family ... CUT to trentino and Mrs. teasdale in a quiet corner of the garden -- both be at a tea table . this shot leave groucho out . trentino ( continue ) ... but would further cement the relation of we country . mrs . teasdale ( flutter with excitement ) ambassador trentino , I be indeed honore ... ( falteringly ) but you see - well - I -- trentino ( repressing he anger - coldly ) oh . then there he somebody else ? mrs . teasdale well no -- not exactly -- but -- trentino ( impatiently ) gloria -- I have wait for year . I will not be put off ! I love you ! I want you ! ( take she hand pleadingly ) can not you see that I be at you foot ? groucho enter the scene . groucho ( to trentino ) when you get through with she foot , you can start on mine . I have not be to a chiropodist in two year ... ( to camera ) if that 's not a insult , I do not know what be . ( turn to gloria ) gloria , I love you . I -- trentino ( furious , to gloria ) can not we go some place where we can be alone ? groucho ( to Mrs. teasdale ) what can this mug offer you ? wealth and family . I can not give you wealth ... ( archly lift he eyebrow ) ... but we can have a little family of we own . mrs . teasdale ( coyly ) oh , rufus ! groucho all I can offer you be a rufus over you head . mrs . teasdale ( happily confuse ) oh , you excellency , I do not know what to say . groucho I would not know what to say either if I be in you place . ( turn to trentino ) maybe you can suggest something . trentino ( hotly ) this have go far enough ! this interruption be humiliate , to say the least ... groucho well , why not say the least and get it over with ? mrs . teasdale ( fearful ) gentlemen ! gentlemen ! trentino ( half address Mrs. teasdale ) I do not come here to be insulted . groucho that 's what you think . trentino ( furiously ) you swine ! groucho give I that again ! trentino you worm ! groucho once more ! ( hold he gauntlet in he hand , ready at any moment to strike ) trentino you upstart ! groucho that 's it ! no man life who can call a firefly a upstart . without further ado , groucho strike trentino across the face with he gauntlet . then he quickly flash he card and extend it to trentino in the manner of a duelist . groucho ( as he offer the card ) touché . a sudden ripple of excitement as the guest , attract by the rumpus begin to move into the scene . prominent among this be Vera trentino . trentino refuse groucho 's card , white with rage . trentino ( coldly ) I shall report this indignity the my President . ( to Mrs. teasdale - polite but firm ) Mrs. teasdale , I feel this regrettable occurrence will plunge we country into war . mrs . teasdale ( half cry ) this be terrible ! vera uncle , you can not do this ! trentino ( politely ) my dear niece -- I must ask you not to interfere . War be not a woman 's problem . vera ( rising angrily ) it be every woman 's problem . who supplies the son ? -- the brother ? -- the husband ? who ... groucho ( to Vera -- interrupt ) you keep that up and you will crab the whole war . vera carry out this tragic folly if you will -- but I for one will not be a part of it . ( she wink at trentino ) I will stay here in freedonia . trentino ( as a faint smile of understanding vanish from he face ) very well then , if that 's how you feel about it -- ( suggestive shrug of he shoulder ) my country have speak . he turn on he heel as if about to leave . groucho stop he groucho then it 's war ? trentino ( stiffly ) yes . groucho how're ya fix for ammunition ? trentino bah !! ( wave groucho aside and exit ) groucho ( dramatically ) then it's war ! SOUND of trumpet - ta - to - ta-ta groucho then it's war ! SOUND of trumpet - ta - to - ta-ta groucho gather the force ! SOUND of trumpet - ta - to - to - to groucho harness the horse ! SOUND of trumpet - ta - to - to - to groucho then it's war ! the above lie be speak in meter and each line be punctuate by the staccato note of the trumpet . groucho make a military exit from scene in time to the music , which go into a military march . as groucho reach the gate , the guard hand he he high silk hat . groucho take the hat -- remove a white rabbit from it -- hand it to the guard -- as he exit through gate . dissolve . end of sequence " C " sequence " D " insert of newspaper . the newspaper move up to camera from background -- as it stop we read the follow headline : " armie mobilize as war cloud gather ! " through this insert we get the vague impression of war activity . we see the movement of soldier ' foot . from the background the second insert move up to camera ... the first insert move past camera and the second insert come from the background . the headline read : " amnesia hasten preparation ! " through this insert we see the heavy wheel of army wagon move along . this be replace by the the insert come from the background . the headline read - " freedonia's leader maintain attitude of dignified silence ! " bomb plane move through this insert . the front page of the paper be turn and follow by a few other page until we come to the classified ad section of the paper . we see the follow advertisement : wanted : - a female spy . must be young and attractive apply to Office of Secretary of War . above this ad we just see a few line of another ad -- wanted : -- a chauffeur below the war nurse ad we see part of another ad in which a cook be want . dissolve to a shot ( in movement ) of a row of shapely leg , obviously that of very pretty girl . the camera move upward disclose the face of the girl , who be sit in a row in the ante-room of the Secretary of War 's office . on the door lead to the Secretary 's private office , we see the lettering : private . the camera disclose only four or five of this girl , but we know there be more in the room . Bob appear in the doorway lead to the Secretary 's office and address the first girl - nearest the door . bob the Secretary of War will see you next , miss . this girl be very pretty and have a very attractive form . she smile at Bob , rise and exit into the Secretary 's office . Bob close the door behind she . the camera now move along the row of girl and the sixth or seventh girl in the row be harpo , dress as a girl . on the other side of he be more girl . a girl to the right of he turn to the girl beside she . girl ( to the girl at she right ) do you hear the one about the woman take a bath ?... well , she forget to lock the door ... a man come in and say , " I be a doctor " ... the woman say , " I be not sick " ... and the man say , " that 's all right . I be not a doctor . " all of the girl laugh heartily at at this remark . harpo be laugh also . he slap the story - teller on the leg . her laughter cease instantly . she slap he back , and get another slap on the leg in return . a little squeal of pain from she and she raise she dress disclose a bruise on she leg just above the knee . girl ( to harpo ) look ! harpo do so , then pull up he own dress and point to he leg for she to look . on he leg be tattooe a picture of two heart entwine with a arrow run through both . she give harpo dirty look and rise CUT to private office of Secretary of War . the office be cluttere with war implement , map , etc . the examination of the girl be in progress . she be turn around in the manner of a clothes model . chico be look she over . chico ( to girl ) you look pretty good to I - but very still need a spy - have you get any credential ? the girl nod and pull she dress up above she knee revealing a attractive leg . she reach into she stock for a paper . chico ( take a very good look ) you get credential all right . the girl drop she skirt and hand the paper to chico . chico look at the paper chico this be fine . put it back . hand the girl the paper . she lift she dress above she knee again and put the paper back in she stock , while chico look on . she drop she skirt . chico I think I better take another look at that paper ... she lift the skirt again to get the paper , while chico steal another glance . the girl drop she skirt and hand he the paper . chico ( look at the paper ) I look this over later -- now I look you over . if you want to be a spy , you gotta be in good condition . I better examine you . he take stethoscope from he pocket , apply it to she heart and listen . chico ( listen to girl 's heart beat ) there 's something wrong -- I think I be get whiteman 's band . put stethoscope back in he pocket and take watch from vest pocket . he feel she pulse while look at the watch . chico accord to my watch it 's four o'clock . ( put watch back in he pocket ) now look -- a woman spy be a-gotta make love to man . come on -- let 's see you make love ... she walk over to he and lovingly stroke he hair , put both arm around he , then suddenly become very amorous , bend he over and kiss he madly . she let go after a little while and chico come up for air . he stagger around in a daze . then he take the watch from he vest pocket , hand it to she , extend he wrist and say : chico now you feel my pulse . suddenly the scream of girl be hear come from the anteroom , and we cut to the anteroom in the midst of confusion . the girl be run helter - skelter , one or two of they be stand on chair with they skirt lift above they knee . there be a little white mouse run about the room . harpo be sit innocently on the bench . the girl just interview by chico come from the office , see the mouse , scream and join in the general confusion . groucho enter as the girl be run about - zig - zag among they and continue through the room into the private office of chico - close door behind he . the girl clear out of anteroom and harpo be leave all alone . he take a small mouse trap from he large pocketbook , put it on the floor , crouch down and whistle to the mouse in the manner of a man try to call a dog . the mouse in answer to the whistle run into the trap . CUT to the Secretary of War 's office . chico at the phone . chico ( to phone ) send in the next girl . ( he hang receiver up ) groucho by the way , be you sure we need a spy ? chico sure , we gotta have a spy . if we no get a spy who 's gonna tell the other side what we be do ? at this point , harpo make he entrance through the door , carry he unusually large pocketbook which be about the size of a carpetbag . he walk past groucho in a seductive manner , swinging he bag and roll he eye flirtatiously . groucho be delighted with this action and return the ogling . chico ( to harpo ) have you get any credential ? harpo lift he dress and show they the tattoo on he leg of the two heart . groucho examine it closely . groucho I do not go in much for modern art . have you get anything by one of the old master ? harpo lift he dress above the other leg and show a picture of gainsborough 's " Blue Boy " . chico and groucho arise from the examination . groucho I be glad I do not ask you for " Washington cross the delaware " . chico ( to harpo ) we have gotta have somebody who know how to get secret from man . you know how to make love ? harpo walk over to chico , throw he arm around he and start to give he a big hug . he squeeze he very hard . in the midst of this there be a loud report . a startle look from groucho and chico . we see that harpo be minus one breast . he try to affect a innocent look when suddenly there be a second loud report and he breast be now as flat as a billiard table . just as he turn to hide the sight from chico and groucho , a hiss sound be hear -- the air be leak out of he bustle and the bustle be become deflate . ) groucho ( to harpo ) you ought to carry a spare . harpo go to a corner of the room and keep he back to camera . he take a tube out of he dress front and begin to blow . chico and groucho wear a puzzle look as they watch he - the bustle start to expand . this inflation continue to gigantic proportion as they look on . groucho ( look at harpo ) we be certainly live in a marvelous age . there be a terrific explosion and all of harpo 's clothes be blow off he - leave he in nothing but run pants and lady ' silk stocking . his body be literally cover with tattoo . chico ( laugh ) that 's very funny ... he certainly fool I . he will make a good spy . wink significantly at harpo . harpo return the wink . groucho ( examine tattoo ) if we can not use he as a spy , we can have he frame . he and chico continue further examination of the tattooe design on harpo 's body . chico say , that 's a nice collection . you oughta have a catalogue . harpo pull a catalogue from under the belt of he trunk and hand it to chico . groucho and chico look at the catalogue . groucho let 's take a look at number eighteen . harpo reveal more of he back and show a superb tattooe job of a beautiful girl 's head . chico ( refer to picture of girl ) say , she 's all right . you get - a she phone number ? harpo raise one arm and show the phone number tattooe right under the arm pit . he hold this a moment , then turn and disclose a portion of the tattooing on he chest . groucho and chico 's eye shift from the telephone number to the tattooe picture on he chest . harpo complete move and disclose the entire picture . it be a country back -house with a crescent over the door . chico laugh uproariously . chico ( laugh ) that 's a funny one ! he slap harpo a the back good - naturedly . trick shot on harpo' chest . the door in the outhouse fly open . the head of a real man appear in the open . he look off in the direction of chico and mumble incoherency under he breath . he be terribly angry at be interrupt . he draw in he head , close the door behind he . chico ( to harpo ) I think we can use you . here 's a spy glass ... go ahead and do some spying ... harpo take the glass and go directly toward the window . as he look across street through binocular , he be grin all over and wiggling around like a happy kid . room across the STREET look into the open window of a bedroom as harpo would see it through the binocular . a beautiful girl be undress , prepare to retire . after a moment of this shot CUT back to harpo look through the binocular . chico take the binocular from harpo and push he out of the scene , proceed to look himself . he register the same satisfaction as harpo and hand the binocular to groucho . as groucho look through the binocular at the beautiful girl , chico say : chico he 's go to make a good spy ... that 's not bad for the first day . groucho ( turn and look at chico ) that 's not bad for any day . groucho take a second look through the binocular at the beautiful girl . this time he see harpo chase the girl around the roam . this be shot through the binocular as before . groucho register amazement as he look through binocular ; perhaps squint he eye once or twice and take second look . groucho ( to chico ) maybe my eye be bad - you take a look . chico take the binocular and look at the room across the street . binocular shot as before . the girl be in she underwear , tear out of the room into the hall , pursue by harpo . chico be still look through the binocular . groucho you be right about that guy -- I think we have get something . chico I do not know about we , but I know he 's - a get something ... CUT to the front of the building occupy by the beautiful girl . she come dash madly out of the door and start down the street , clad only in she underwear . harpo appear in doorway , riding he motorcycle and start down the street after she . fade out end of sequence " D " sequence " E " fade in to live room of Mrs. teasdale 's home ... it be a smartly appoint room . its main feature for we purpose be a wind stairway lead to bedroom above . in the absence of Mrs. teasdale , Vera be seat by fireplace while ambassador trentino be excitedly pace up and down ... trentino this be all firefly 's fault -- that idiot , that fool ... vera I think everything be work out fine . trentino Fine nothing ! I do not want war ... my plan be to marry Mrs. teasdale and overthrow firefly . vera maybe you can still win the old dame over -- why not try to -- at this point trentino see Mrs. teasdale come downstairs and hush Vera with a nudge . mrs . teasdale ( as she descend stair ) I be so sorry I have keep you wait ... trentino walk over to meet she . trentino ( take she hand ) Mrs. teasdale ... ( kiss she hand ) I deeply regret the unfortunate affair with he excellency , but he attitude leave I no alternative ... mrs . teasdale ( emotionally ) to think that this should happen after all this year of friendship . vera maybe the war can still be avert ... mrs . teasdale ( hopefully ) oh , if only it could ... trentino Mrs. teasdale , I be willing to pocket my pride and do anything I can to make up with he excellency . mrs . teasdale ( solicitously ) oh , would you ...? trentino for you , I would do anything ... ( bow graciously ) vera if only we can get he excellency to listen to reason ... trentino ( to Mrs. teasdale ) perhaps he will listen to you ... mrs . teasdale perhaps ... I will call he ... she go the phone ... as she start to dial the number there be a quick CUT to trentino and Vera who be exchange significant look ... CUT back to Mrs. teasdale at phone ... mrs . teasdale ( talk into phone ) hello , you excellency ?... I hate to disturb you -- I know you be a very busy man , but I must see you at once . CUT to groucho at other end of telephone ... he be lie in bed , in he flannel nightgown , eat cracker ... the bed be strewn with cracker box and cracker ... groucho ( into phone ) why not come over here ? -- you can come in the back way and no one will see you ... CUT back to Mrs. teasdale at phone . mrs . teasdale ( into phone ) but you excellency , you must -- oh thank you -- please hurry ... ( she hang up phone ... and walk over to she guest ) he will be right over ... CUT to corner of room ( Mrs. teasdale 's live room ) , disclose for the first time the fireman 's pole ... groucho come slide down the pole in he nightgown , with a long box of cracker under he arm ... stop about three foot from the floor , look around the room and see trentino . groucho ( hanging on to pole -- address trentino ) if I know you be here I would have bring some cheese ... he shoot right up the pole again out of sight . hold camera on this shot for a instant ... groucho come slide down again ... this time he be fully dress , include he high hat and the cigar in 's mouth ... he walk over to trentino belligerently , and deposit he hat on table on the way . groucho ( to trentino ) so -- you have come to ask for clemency ! I will give the enemy no quarter -- not a dime ... mrs . teasdale but you excellency -- the ambassador be here on a friendly visit ... he come to ask you to patch up the breach . groucho let he patch up he own breech ... trentino ( to groucho -- ignore groucho 's remark ) I be sorry we lose we temper ... I be willing to forget if you be . groucho forget ? ( like a injure woman ) you ask I to forget ... why , my ancestor would rise from they grave ... and I would only have to bury they again ... a firefly never forget ... trentino I be willing to apologize ... I be willing to do anything to prevent this war . groucho nothing do !! I have take a lease on the battlefield . I would lose my deposit , besides , I have already order the ammunition ... vera ( put she arm around groucho ) oh , you excellency , be not there something I can do ? groucho yes , but I will talk to you about that when we be alone ... mrs . teasdale ( come to groucho ) oh , will not you reconsider ... groucho ( relenting ) well , maybe I be a little headstrong ... but , you know , it 's awfully hard to forget what he call I . ( indicating trentino ) trentino what I call you ... why , what do I call you ? groucho I do not remember . trentino ( with a little chuckle ) oh -- you mean ... worm ? groucho ( smiling coyly ) no , that be not it ... trentino be it -- swine ? groucho ( same attitude as above ) no ... it be a seven letter word . trentino ( think , then with a broad smile ) oh yes ! -- upstart ! groucho that 's it ... take glove from trentino 's breast pocket and sock he across the face ... and put they in he own breast pocket . trentino become apoplectic trentino ( splutter and stutter ) why - er - Mrs. teasdale - this be a outrage ! this man be impossible ... my course be clear ... this mean war ... ( turn to go and turn and yell to groucho ) you runt ! groucho I still like upstart the best . trentino exit in a rage . Vera pretend that she be overcome by the scene vera ( put she hand to she brow ) oh , this be dreadful ! if you will excuse I I will go to my room ... she exit toward stairway mrs . teasdale ( excite - almost hysterical ) yes , it 's awful ! ( to groucho ) be you sure you do the right thing ? groucho of course . who ever hear of call off a war after order all the ammunition ? by this tine Vera have descend the stair and exite from scene . groucho look around the room furtively to make sure he be not be observe and take a large envelope from he inside pocket . groucho the plan of war be in this envelope . I want you to take care of they -- no one will ever suspect you . he hand papers to she CUT to Vera linger on stair look down on the scene below . have hear the conversation , she exit from scene , and we CUT down stair to groucho and Mrs. teasdale . groucho Guard they with you life ... do not leave they out of you sight ... if the enemy get that papers we be lose . if they do not get they , we be lose . can not you see what I be try to tell you ? I love you ... Mrs. teasdale , you be the salt of the earth . they do not come any better than you ... mrs . teasdale ( modestly , with a bashful lowering of she eye ) now -- er -- groucho well -- they might come better but they do not come any bigger ... and the bigger the better . the bigger the betta you have get on a horse , the more you lose , and speak about horse , why do not you marry I . come , come -- say yes and you will never see I again . I will go ' way if it mean you happiness ... mrs . teasdale oh , you excellency , you take I off my foot . groucho put he arm around she and try unsuccessfully to lift she off she foot . groucho ( angrily ) swell chance I have get take you off you foot ... Mrs. teasdale sink down into a chair ; without hesitation , groucho slide into she lap and continue he passionate love make . groucho gloria -- may I call you gloria ? mrs . teasdale why -- why -- of course . groucho you can call I gloria too . gloria -- what a beautiful name . when I be bear my mother name I gloria -- two minute later she find out she mistake ... CUT to door as Bob enter . he move in the direction of groucho and Mrs. teasdale . bob ( come into scene ) Father ... groucho ( look up and see Bob ... without be a bit disturb ... remain on she lap ) take a letter ... Bob take out pad and pencil . bob who to ? groucho none of you business ... take another letter . groucho rise to he foot and pace the floor in the manner of a studious business man with he hand behind he back ... then start to dictate as Bob write on he pad . groucho Eureka ammunition company -- gentlemen -- you shipment of sailor hat arrive this morning by freight -- ( turn to Mrs. teasdale ) gloria , I could go for you in a big way -- ( turn to Bob ) however , the rifle you send be a little rusty -- ( then to Mrs. teasdale ) -- and I do not say that to everybody -- ( now to Bob ) have not receive last month 's draw account . how come ? ( to Mrs. teasdale ) you neck be like a swan ... your very truly . now read it back . ( dash back to Mrs. teasdale 's lap ) bob ( reading from pad ) Eureka ammunition company , gentlemen . you shipment of sailor hat arrive this morning by freight . gloria , I could go for you in a big way . however , the rifle you send be a little rusty and I do not say that to everybody . have not receive last month 's draw account ; how come you neck be like a swan . your very truly ... groucho ( rising to he foot ) they will know I mean business then they get that letter ... see that that get out immediately and that go for you too . bob yes , sir . ( exit from scene ) groucho ( turn to Mrs. teasdale ) gloria , much as I hate to leave , I would be crazy to stay here . mrs . teasdale well , if you must go -- she pick up groucho 's hat and hand it to he . he remove a white rabbit from hat and give it to she . he be about to put the hat on he head when something in the hat attract he attention . he empty six baby rabbit out of the hat onto the table ; put he hat on and exit . CUT to outside of house just as harpo be pull up to the curb in he motorcycle and sidecar . groucho come out of house and walk directly to motorcycle . groucho ( to harpo ) I be not take any more chance . you sit in the sidecar ... harpo get off seat and sit in sidecar . groucho sit on driver 's seat . the sound of the motor be hear and harpo drive off in the sidecar , leave groucho on the motorcycle . fade out end of sequence " E " sequence " F " fade into insert of program gem from the operas premier danseuse vera trentino dissolve - through program to stage of opera house - company sing aria from some well - know opera . CUT to orchestra box nearest proscenium arch . harpo and chico be there fast asleep lean on each other . they be dress in inverness cape - wear they high hat . chico have a red band across he shirt - front on which be emboss " Secretary of War " in gold letter . a usher enter box with two people in the background . usher ( to chico and harpo ) I be sorry gentleman - but you have the wrong seat . chico ( awaken ) that 's all right . we be not enjoy ourselves anyway . usher you belong in that box over there - ( point to vacant box on opposite side of house - orchestra box ) chico ( to harpo ) come on -- they both step out of box , onto stage and stroll casually across as sing be go on . part of the way across , harpo and chico react to the sing of a very high note -- it 's practically in harpo 's ear . he stop -- make a terrible face -- take out ear-muff , put they on he ear and he and chico continue toward the box -- CUT to other box -- the one that chico and harpo be head for . Mrs. teasdale and guest be be ushere in ... chico and harpo come into scene , arrive at box . chico step into box from stage . harpo be about to follow when he spy a pretty girl in box above . he start climb up the proscenium arch to upper box -- the girl see he , scream and dash out of box . harpo complete climb into box -- at this point the sing have just finish and applause break out . harpo acknowledge the applause as if it be in appreciation of he climb -- after a few quick bow he start out of the box after the girl . as he be run out of box into the foyer he bump into ambassador trentino . trentino ( stop he ) wait a minute ... Mrs. teasdale be in the box below . the plan of war be in she purse -- you have get to get they -- I do not care how , but get they -- and when you do , bring they to 492 North myrtle Road -- you would better write that down . harpo take out a pencil with heavy lead and write the address on the white and purple -edge silk band which be across trentino 's shirt bosom . then he push trentino 's coat aside and from under he vest pull the ribbon in the manner of a ticker tape -- tear it off -- and start back to box . CUT to lower BOX mrs . teasdale I wonder what 's keep his excellency ? chico never mind his excellency -- you gotta you pocketbook ? mrs . teasdale yes -- why ? chico I wanna powder my nose ... Mrs. teasdale laugh good - naturedly and put the purse behind she between she back and the back of the chair ... as we go to stage where the shoot of the apple in " William tell " be be enact . William tell be just place the apple on he son 's head -- he turn he back on he son and walk toward opposite side of stage with bow and arrow . CUT to upper BOX harpo take a look at apple on the boy 's head -- reach down in box and come up with a bow and arrow . he take a good aim and let the arrow fly ... it hit its mark and the apple fall to the ground . William tell , have arrive at spot from which he 's go to shoot , turn to take aim and see that the apple be go . he pick up another , at the base of a apple tree and start in direction of he son . CUT to harpo , who be watch William tell . he reach down into box and bring up another arrow -- take aim and let arrow fly . again it hit its mark and the apple fall to ground . William tell , reach he place , turn to take aim and be bewilder at the sight of the second miss apple . the tree be bare and there be no more apple around . a whistle be hear come over scene . William tell turn in direction of the whistle and we CUT to harpo whistling with he finger in he mouth . reaching down into the box , he bring up a bag of apple and dump all the apple onto the stage . CUT to : lower box . mrs . teasdale ( anxiously ) if he excellency do not get here soon , he will miss the whole performance . chico he 's - a not miss anything . he 's in the dress room with Vera trentino . ( wink at she ) mrs . teasdale ( jealously ) in she dress room ? why , what could he be do there ? chico he could be play solitaire , but I do not think so . she jump as if she 's be goose , and give chico a indignant look as he withdraw he hand from she back . mrs . teasdale what 's the matter with you ? chico what 's the matter with you ? mrs . teasdale you have not be still a moment since you have be here . you act as if you have neurosis -- chico I no gotta new-rosis . my uncle he 's - a get a flower shop -- he 's -a gotta new-rosis . Mrs. teasdale look at he disdainfully , turn to look at stage , and jump again . she and chico turn to look at each other . she , of course , be indignant , while chico smile -- he hand be come from behind she . she take the purse from its hide place and place it on the ledge of the box out of chico 's reach . CUT to : ballet dancer ' dress room . the camera pan along , show several of the ballet dancer limber up by other dancer . this be do as follow : - a girl stand against the wall on one leg while another girl raise the other leg up and down . the camera pass three or four of the girl and come to a stop on Vera and groucho -- the latter be stretch she leg in the same manner . vera ( with exaggerated romance ) I shall dance for you tonight as I have never dance before . groucho this be a fine thing to be do at my age . vera be you get tired ? groucho ( still work leg ) not at all . when I be a boy back on the farm I use to pump my own water . CUT to shot take in the stage and harpo . harpo be in the foreground . on the stage be we hero and he valet . valet ( sing to hero ) you love be wait for you , my lord ... hero fetch my hat - my hat - my hat -- harpo toss he a large hat - possibly a fireman 's hat . hero ( continue sing ) fetch my boot -- ( harpo throw boot on stage hero continue ) bring I my sword -- ( harpo throw a sword on stage --) hero continue he song while harpo litter the stage with various article - a saddle - a chair , etc ... CUT to box below - chico be try to reach for pocketbook on ledge but can not get it . he whistle up to harpo . harpo look down and chico pantomime to he to get the pocketbook , point to it . the sing stop and aplause follow -- the orchestra start a selection -- which continue through follow routine without any sing . CUT to box above . harpo take out a fishing pole with a reel on it -- he unwind reel and the line descend near box below and land in a man 's hair -- the man occupy a aisle seat in the orchestra -- near teasdale box . CUT to harpo reeling in . CUT to man on aisle seat -- the hook have catch onto he toupe and its be pull off he head . CUT to harpo reeling in with great satisfaction in the belief that he have the purse -- on the end of the line come the toupe . harpo , astonished , look down on the victim who , minus the toupe , now display a shiny bald pate . harpo take out he fountain pen and release gadget . the ink pour down on the bald spot of the man below and spread into the form of a toupe parte in the middle . CUT back to harpo - he place the toupe on the bare back side of a figure of cupid carve on the arch . he be now suddenly attract by something on the stage -- it be a pool with a practical fountain in its center . harpo dig into a decorative flower box set in a groove in the proscenium arch . he bring out a real live worm and bait he hook -- stand up and cast ... the line swishes through the air and the hook land in the pool on the stage . the line instantly tighten and a large carp fish be yank out of the pool ... as the line be draw in the fish nearly hit Mrs. teasdale . she cover she face with she hand . chico take advantage of she action , grab the line , remove the fish , and put hook on handle of purse ... then signal harpo with a whistle and in the manner of a construction foreman , motion to he to start " hoist " . the line become taut and the purse be yank out of view . Mrs. teasdale uncover she face and discover that the purse be miss . mrs . teasdale ( hysterically ) my purse -- my purse be go ! there be a buzz of excitement among the rest of the guest as they help Mrs. teasdale look for the purse . chico join in the search . he grab a elderly dignify man in the party , throw back he coat and start to frisk he . chico he no get it --- as he turn to frisk another man , Mrs. teasdale say mrs . teasdale this be dreadful -- I must see his excellency at once --- ( she exit from box ) CUT to ballet dancer ' dress room , where we find groucho still pump away on Vera trentino 's leg --- vera be you sure you be not tired ? groucho tire ! I would like to stretch this into a week - Mrs. teasdale enter the scene . the sight shock she but she recover herself sufficiently to hide the embarrassment . mrs . teasdale I hope I be not interrupt . groucho ( still pump - look over he shoulder at Mrs. teasdale ) take a seat -- you be next . ( he let go of Vera 's leg - and she exit ) mrs . teasdale you excellency , something terrible have just happen . groucho that 's all right . I will fix you right up . grab she ankle and start to lift she leg - she get away from he . mrs . teasdale my purse have be steal -- the plan of war be in it . groucho ( shout ) what ? walk up and down puffing furiously on he cigar mrs . teasdale I -- I may be wrong , but I suspect the Secretary of War . groucho ( still pace wildly ) do not bother I - I be think -- what be that ? mrs . teasdale I say - I suspect the Secretary of War . groucho ( stop dead in he track ) this be treason !! ( strike a pose - raise he clench hand ; then to Mrs. teasdale scornfully ) what a fool I be to listen to you siren song and fall a helpless victim under the insidious spell of you irresistible charm -- mrs . teasdale but - groucho ( pay no attention ) you satisfied you selfish whim , while nation tottere , dynasty rock and the world plunge headlong into a chasm of chaos and oblivion -- ( throw she a arch look ) not bad , eh ? start for door CUT to - stage show about eight bar of Vera trentino 's solo dance . pan to lower box - Mrs. teasdale 's guest be go but chico and harpo be there -- chico be examine plan of war . chico this be - a fine - you do a good job - you make - a no trouble and you waste - a no time . come on , we take - a the plan to the ambassador . you gotta the address ? harpo open coat and across he shirt front be the ribbon with " 462 North myrtle Road " on it -- the door of the box fly open and groucho bound in groucho hand up ! harpo and chico throw they hand up and wheel around chico ( smiling ) you no gotta no gun . groucho who say I have a gun ... gimme that plan , you paper snatcher -- he make a grab at chico -- chico pass the plan to harpo - groucho go after harpo - the latter lean away over ledge of box and hold the plan out over the stage . as groucho be try to reach for the plan , Vera dance into scene , make a graceful pirouette and with she outstretch hand take the plan from harpo . as she dance away she deposit the plan in she bodice ... Vera 's male dance partner enter from the wing , walk out about four foot - stop and strike a pose with uplift hand . Vera be dance on the opposite side with she back turn . CUT to groucho back stage - he see the dance partner - pull a lever on switchboard mark " trap door " - CUT to stage as the dancer disappear through floor . CUT to shot of Vera - prepare to turn to join she partner - she react as she see -- CUT to groucho stand on she partner 's former spot hold the same pose ... CUT to full stage shot . groucho and Vera be dance together . during the dance groucho try to get the paper . he bend she way over in a effort to make the paper drop out of she bodice . harpo and chico , watch the struggle , quickly tear off they cape and coat and leap from the box on to stage in they shirt . this develop into a four-cornered adagio dance . she hand the papers to harpo over groucho 's shoulder as she dance with he ... groucho rush to harpo and they do a twirl together . harpo hand the paper to chico over groucho 's shoulder . groucho rush at chico and twirl with he - chico in try to pass the papers to Vera drop they on the floor . they all make a dive for they . groucho get the papers and dash with they to the lower box just as Mrs. teasdale enter same . the follow be a close shot of groucho and Mrs. teasdale . the latter stand on stage right by the box . groucho ( handing paper to Mrs. teasdale ) here -- put this plan where no one will ever find they - sleep on they . CUT to - dress room just a Vera , chico and harpo enter . vera ( apologetically ) I be sorry boy -- I do my best -- it 's all my fault . chico it 's not - a you fault . it 's - a he fault -- ( indicating harpo ; then to harpo accusingly ) I fix it for you to getta the plan -- you getta the plan -- then you losa - a the plan -- now we no gotta the plan of war ... harpo lift up he shirt and tattooe upon he be the reproduction of the war plan ... fade out end of sequence " F " sequence " G " fade in - Mrs. teasdale 's live room . night. subdued light . we begin with a extreme close close shot of a hand deposit the plan of war in a vault . this vault be about the height of a man , the door flush with wall . the camera truck back and disclose that the one deposit the papers be Mrs. teasdale -- she be in negligee . she close the vault door , pull a cord , close a pair of drape which hide the vault . the camera pan to the balcony above where Vera trentino , also in negligee , be watch the action in the live room below . she tiptoe quietly from the scene . downstair , Mrs. teasdale turn out the center table light and move toward the stairway . CUT to Vera trentino 's bedroom . Vera come toward window , raise it quietly and wave a handkerchief , evidently signal somebody below . CUT to exterior of house . chico and harpo be wave back to signify that they have catch the signal . the boy try to raise the window which be locate next to the main entrance , but it be lock and they can not budge it . chico ( peeve ) it 's all you fault . now we gotta steal the plan again -- you have them on you ... you take a bath ... and now we no gotta plan of war . they try the window again and find it hopeless chico ( to harpo ) you wait here -- I will let you in . chico walk right in through the door , close it behind he and then appear at the window . he raise it from the inside and harpo climb in through the window and join chico . CUT to inside . they be walk cautiously across the room when they hear the follow come over scene -- " psst ... psst ... " they stop and look around , try to locate the source of the sound . we CUT to the balcony and see Vera trentino , still dress in she negligee . once more she try to attract they . vera psst ... the boy look up and see she . vera ( in a half whisper - mysteriously ) in the safe -- behind the drape -- ( point in the direction of the safe ) chico ( also in a half whisper ) all right -- I will meet you behind the drape . vera ( in a half whisper ) no , no -- I mean the plan be in the safe . ( point to safe again ) harpo have not take he eye off of Vera during all this , make a sudden dash for she , as she turn to she room . chico stop he on the second or third step of the stair . chico come on , we gotta no time for that . chico go over to the safe and draw the curtain , disclose safe . harpo follow and take from he back pocket a rather large electrical drill with a cord and plug attach to it . chico take the cord and plug it into the wall socket . harpo start to drill the safe door , make a terrific noise -- the usual reap whir - r-r of a electric drill . chico grab he hand and stop he from drilling . chico wait a minute ... we make too much noise ... turn on the radio so they can not hear what we be do . harpo go over to radio and turn it on ... a dance tune come over the air . harpo grab chico and whirl he around as if he be dance with a dame ... chico ( jerk himself away from harpo ) what 's - a matter , you crazy ... ? chico go to radio and adjust dial to another station ... the follow come over the air ... radio police announcer Calling car 125 ... car 125 ... go to vacant lot at tenth and elm ... a woman walk around in she nightgown --- harpo drop the drill and make a wild dash for door obviously to go to the woman ... chico stop he . chico come on , we gotta finish the job ... radio police announcer Calling car 67 -w... car 67 -w... go to Mrs. teasdale 's residence ... burglar be attempt to break in . chico rush to phone ... and dial ... this shot exclude harpo . chico ( into phone -- after slight pause ) hello -- Police department ... ? that fellow 's crazy ... we be in the house already ... chico turn to listen to the next announcement - hang onto receiver . radio announcer the teasdale residence be locate at 232 poloma drive ... chico ( into phone ) you will never find we , you gotta the wrong address ... we be at 235 poloma drive ... not 232 ... look , it 's a white house with a shingle roof -- shingle -- shingle -- ( and sing to illustrate ) shingle bell , shingle bell , shingle all the way ... ( stop sing ) that 's it , you get it ... hurry up , if no get - a here soon , we can not wait ... hang up ... look around for harpo , who be not there ... chico hey , skippy ... ( put he finger to mouth and whistle . ) CUT to Vera 's bedroom . it be a close shot show Vera in bed , shot from side of bed . she be under the bedcover desperately try to keep they from be pull off she ... truck back disclose harpo on the other end of the bedcover , try to pull they off she ... for a moment follow , a tug of war go on , harpo pull the cover about a foot he way and Vera pull they back ... the sound of chico 's second whistle come over scene attract harpo , who let go of the cover and run out of the room . we pick he up outside of the room on balcony . without hesitation he slide down the bannister to join chico who be wait at foot of stair . chico ( exasperate ) hey , you never get the safe open that way . ( look up at Vera 's room ) we gotta try the combination ... you gotta the combination ? harpo nod and take from under he coat a woman 's silk combination ... wink and look back in the direction of Vera 's room ... chico snatch it out of he hand and throw it away . during above Mrs. teasdale have come out on balcony , see the boy but can not distinguish they in the room which be practically in darkness except for a few splotches of moonlight . she run back into she room ... CUT to Mrs. teasdale 's room ... she be at telephone dial a number ... mrs . teasdale ( after a slight nervous pause ) hello ? you excellency ? there be burglar in the house ... I want you to come right over . CUT to groucho 's bedroom . he be at the other end of the phone in bed . groucho ( into phone ) you come over here . there be no burglar in my house . CUT back to Mrs. teasdale at phone . mrs . teasdale ( into phone ) but you excellency , you must -- I tell you there be burglar here ... oh , thank you ... please hurry ... CUT to chico and harpo in live room below at safe . harpo have just finish put a stick of dynamite in the door of safe ... chico Light it ... now we blow he up ... harpo strike a match , but chico stop he from lighting it . chico wait a minute ... we gotta fix it so it do not make - a so much noise ... what - a we do ? harpo take out a large wad of cotton , tear it , hand two piece to chico ... they both stuff they ear with large piece . chico that 's fine ... now , nobody hear the noise . harpo light fuse ... each stand on either side of safe door wait for the explosion ... after a slight pause , there be a terrific blast of sound ... and the screen be mask with smoke . the smoke clear away and the safe door fall to the floor . groucho walk out of the safe put the plan of war in he inside pocket ... after a few step he stop and address the boy ... groucho that woman be crazy ... there be no burglar around here ... fade out end of sequence " G " sequence " h " fade in - to insert of newspaper which come from background to camera . a scream headline read : war declare !! this insert go past the camera as another newspaper come from the background . the headline read : - " enemy approaching capitol " dissolve to groucho 's office . groucho be stand in front of he desk read a newspaper , which be spread over he desk . the headline be the same as in the second insert - " enemy approaching capitol " harpo be stand at the other side of the desk . groucho ( pound he desk ) they be come ... ( he recite the follow command to harpo ) ride through every village and town wake every citizen up hill and down tell they the enemy come from afar with a hey - nonny - nonny and a ha-cha - char camera truck back disclose a real horse beside harpo . groucho there will be two lamp in the steeple if they be come by land and one lamp if they be come by sea . he and harpo go to the window and look out . CUT to shot of a steeple with three light lamp - CUT back to groucho and harpo groucho they double-cross I ... they be come by land and sea -- be off , my lad ! with a grand gesture , groucho exit out of scene . harpo grip pommel of the saddle with both hand and in he attempt to make a fly mount , vault clear over the horse landing on the other side . he let down a rope ladder from under the saddle , climb the ladder , mount the horse and start off . dissolve to close up of harpo riding at breakneck speed . as he look grimly ahead he reach down out of scene and bring up a three - cornere colonial hat and put it on he head . dissolve to a move insert - harpo bring the horse to a stop in front of a farm house . he blow a blast on a regular army bugle ... immediately a few old man rush out of the house in they nightgown , carry gun , and into the scene from all direction rush other man , answer the call , similarly attire . harpo start he horse and we dissolve to he pull up to another farm house . this house have a single door on the extreme end of it and a very large french window cover almost the rest of the house . harpo stop and sound the bugle call . this time there be no answer to he call . he wait a second , then turn he horse in the direction of the house and ride through the single door . after a short pause , the door of the french window fly open and the horse run out pull a double bed which be on wheel . harpo be stand at the foot of the bed , brace against the bedpost , hold the rein . there be a old couple , man and woman , fast asleep in the bed - ( this couple might be the blase gentleman and young wife use by Peter arno in he cartoon . ) after riding a few foot harpo leap from the bed onto the horse 's back and ride off leave the bed and its occupant on the road . dissolve to harpo pull up to another farm house . he stop , sound he bugle . a very pretty young girl , in she night clothes poke she head out of the second story window . harpo take a good look at she , leap off he horse and dash into the house . a moment later he come out of the house with a feed bag and put it on the horse 's head .... then he dash back into the house again . almost instantly he come tear out of the house , follow by a old geezer in he nightgown , who be chase he , with rifle in hand ... he fire a few shot - dissolve : end of sequence " h " sequence " J " dissolve through the shoot of previous scene to stock shot of artillery fire on battle field - a profile shot with all the activity of a actual battle , but without a indication of fall man . dissolve from this to interior of groucho 's headquarters behind the front - a wooden shack . the sound of a distant booming of gun be hear over this scene . on the wall be a large war map with color thumb tack indicate the position of groucho 's man and the enemy . groucho , in the uniform of a confederate General , ( a Robert E. Lee make - up ) , be study the war map with a few of he Generals . groucho ( look at a tack in a distant sector ) either there 's a fly in the room or we have get a soldier in Africa . the door fly open and Bob , in a snappy uniform , enter excitedly and breathlessly . he face groucho with a quick salute and a click of the heel . bob ( take a dispatch from under he belt ) a dispatch from the front , sir . groucho snatch the dispatch from Bob 's hand , tear it open -- read it quickly -- clap he hand to he brow and stagger . the general crowd about he . a general ( solicitously ) bad news , sir ? groucho bad news -- its disastrous ! a few general ( simultaneously ) what be it ? groucho ( reading from dispatch ) private moscowitz quit ! ( groucho rush to radio operator ) groucho clear all wire ... ( the operator work key ) groucho the enemy have take Hill 25 , throw twelve Hill - billy out of work ... we front be expose to the enemy -- we will have to bring up the rear ... ( turn away , then turn back to Generals and continue ) p.s. have misplace flag of truce ... look in upper lefthand drawer of my bureau ... the whining of a approach shell be hear and a shell about three foot long come sailing through the open window , speed through the room and tear through the opposite wall , leave a clean - cut hole . groucho rush to window and close it . CUT to : shot of no man 's land , with shell explode in all direction . we see a head slowly appear over the edge of shell - hole , look through spy-glass . it be harpo ... CUT to : Inside of shell hole ... harpo register that he have see something of startling interest . he drop the glass , scramble out of shell - hole and run out of scene . he rush to he wait motorcycle ( without the side - car ) . the staff with the flag fly from it be attach to the handle - bar . he leap onto the motorcycle seat and start off . CUT to : a war nurse , attract by the roar of the motorcycle . she look back , see harpo approach and break into a run . as he close in on she , she jump into a trench to escape he . harpo ride on a little further to the entrance of the trench and turn in , to continue he pursuit . a trucking shot show only the flag and staff , tear along above the surface , with the accompany roar of the motorcycle which be hide from view . as it speed along , soldier be leaping up out of the trenches on every side to avoid be run down . this continue do a zig - zag with abrupt turn ... CUT back to : groucho 's headquarters . groucho be discover there alone , stropping he sword on a razor strap attach to he desk . chico enter ... go to time - clock on wall , put he workman 's card in it and punch it . groucho , attract by the bell of the time - clock , stop stropping and walk over to chico , with sword in hand . groucho late again , eh ? you have not be on time once since this war start ... ( put sword in sheath ) get out there and fight ... ( point commandingly in direction of battle field ) chico I can not do it ... groucho ( surprise ) why not ? you be the Secretary of War , be not you ? chico yes , but I be not work for you any more . I be on the other side . groucho ( like a surprised child ) be that so ? I use to think you be two - face - but you can not be - or you would not be wear that one . now - let 's talk this thing over . groucho sit down at desk and chico pull up another chair and sit at opposite side of desk face groucho groucho ( blow out a puff of smoke ) now -- how many man you get in you army ? chico well , we gotta one hundred thousand man . groucho that 's not fair -- we have only get fifty thousand . chico that 's all right . we let you have twenty - five thousand man -- and we both start even . groucho ( enthusiastically ) that 's the spirit -- fifty - fifty . chico no. seventy -five -- seventy - five . groucho well , we will let that one go . now -- how many battalion you get ? chico we gotta two battalion and one frenchman . groucho I wish you be still work for I , so I could ask you to resign . how're ya fix for cavalry ? chico I have gotta five thousand man but no horse . groucho that 's funny , we have get five thousand horse but no man . chico that 's all right -- we man can ride you horse . groucho not a bad idea . if we horse get tired they can ride you man for a change . ( chico nod agreeingly ) now , I do not mind let you have we horse , but you must promise to put they through they maneuver . chico oh , sure . we have horse maneuver every morning . at this point , a unusually large shell come crash from above , imbed itself , point down , in the floor without explode . groucho and chico rush over to look at it . groucho ( look at shell ) acme ammunition company , eh ? how do you expect to win the war with shell that do not go off ? now , if you be buy you stuff from I , you would not have that trouble . Eureka ammunition be guarantee to explode -- or you money back . let I show you some sample . groucho open door and yell to some one outside groucho bring in no. 47 , line 8 . harpo enter , bent forward , tug at a rope which tighten over he shoulder , in the manner of a volga boatman ... at the end of the rope be a cannon , on two wheel groucho ( point to gun ) that 's we latest number ... we sixteen-inch horowitz gun . ( to harpo ) load it up . harpo pour a great quantity of powder into the cannon , then to make sure he have enough , he light a match and look into the hole . groucho take the light match from harpo . he light he own cigar , hand the match back to harpo . harpo pour in a little more powder , make sure he have enough , then proceed to ram the powder in the barrel with he horn . he rise and move to wall toward which the cannon be point . he draw a target on the wall with a piece of chalk -- go back to cannon . he pick up the fire string , and face the target toward which the cannon be point . chico put he finger into he ear . groucho pick up a pencil from desk - tap it on desk - then raise both hand , in the manner of a orchestra leader . he hold this pose for a second - and on the down beat , harpo jerk the string and there be a terrific explosion . the cannon fire out the back end instead of the front and blow a hole through the back wall . the two stare off in the direction of the hole . groucho turn to chico . groucho with a gun like that you can kill some of you own man . chico that 's - a pretty good . I will take a dozen of they . groucho anything else ? ( write order on pad ) chico ( mentally figure ) yes , one gross of bullet , two dozen hand - grenade , three keg of powder -- and throw in some match . groucho ( write ) Fine . we will throw in the match before we make the delivery . by the way , how're you fix for spy ? chico Fine . we gotta he . ( he indicate harpo ) groucho so ! -- he 's on you side , too . chico sure . groucho well , with you two fellow on the other side , this country should have no trouble keep the wolf from the door . harpo open the door and disclose a dozen or more snarling wolf at the door . CUT to - interior enemy headquarters . the booming of distant gun come over the scene . trentino be there with a sylvanian general . general something must be do immediately . the soldier be get discourage . trentino there 's only one thing to do ... we must capture firefly . general but how ? it 's a very dangerous undertake . trentino ( stand near widow ) ask for volunteer . some one must make the sacrifice -- someone -- ( stop to gaze out of window attract by off scene roar of motor ) here come chicolini . maybe he will do it . ( walk away from window ) unless we can make firefly we prisoner , we be lose . chico enter . trentino rush over to he trentino chicolini , you have come just in time . we need a man who 's fearless , brave . a man who 's willing to die , if necessary . chico all right -- I will go out and find one . trentino firefly must be capture at any cost . chico that 's easy , I will get he for you wholesale . trentino it must be do right away . chico I can not do it right away . general why not ? chico I get a date with a General 's wife . general be not that a little dangerous ? chico ( to General ) not unless you find it out . CUT to : Interior of groucho 's headquarters . groucho be on he foot address five or six general , who be seat . Zeppo be at the desk write the minute of the meeting . groucho boy , I hate to do this , but if you general want this war to continue you will have to take a cut -- burst of a shell be hear right outside of shack . groucho rush to the window , open it , fire a shot from he revolver through the window , hurriedly shut it , then rush back to Generals groucho we can not afford to pay the money we have be pay . now I do not want to lay anybody off . my motto in this war be : - " live and let live " . the burst of another shell be hear right outside of shack . groucho rush to the window , open it , turn he back to window , take out a pocket mirror , hold it up in front of he and shoot over he shoulder out of window , take he aim from the reflection in the mirror , like a trick marksman . as groucho walk away from window , he hear another explosion outside . he rush back to the window , take a package of small firecracker out of he pocket , detach one of the firecracker , light it from he cigar and throw it out of the window . a very small explosion be hear . groucho hurriedly shut the window and rush back to the general , as we - CUT to : the outside - a long shot of a dirigible ( miniature ) -- then we go to a close up of the dirigible . on the bag , in large letter , be print -- sylvania g-62 the camera pan down to the cabin of the dirigible . chico and harpo be stand at the open door look down . chico look ! that 's -a firefly 's headquarters . ( point down ) we catch he right now . harpo reach back into the cabin , pick up a enormous hook and throw it out . the rope that be attach to the hook start play out rapidly . CUT to -- long shot miniature of dirigible and rope dangle from it ... then CUT to - shot of rope and hook as it approach groucho 's headquarters . it hook onto the roof of the shack and raise it off the ground . CUT to - long shot - miniature of dirigible carry the shack through the air . CUT to - inside of headquarters . groucho ( to general ) gentlemen , the overhead be kill we . everything be go up . if we do not watch ourselves , we will come down with a crash . now -- all that in favor of take a cut say " aye " ... one general ( protest ) but you excellency ! groucho carry unanimously . CUT to - shot of dirigible carry the shack . the shack just clear a steeple by a few inch . CUT to - inside of headquarters . groucho now go right out there and fight . ( to one general ) you go out there and relieve General beauregard , and while you be at it , see what General Motors be do . the general , without salute , exit out of door and close door behind he . groucho ( to another general ) call he back -- he do not salute I . the second general exit out of door without salute , close door behind he . zeppo Father , he do not salute you either . groucho ( angrily ) attention ! the remain general jump to they foot , stand at attention and salute . groucho go out there -- all of you -- and bring that general back -- dead or alive . all of the general exit through to door ; the last one close door behind he . groucho why do not that general come back ? zeppo I will call they . groucho never mind , I will go after they myself . groucho go to door , pull it open , start out -- CUT to - exterior of shack ( against sky back ) . groucho be see in the open doorway . he come out and walk down the step ( there be three step attach to entrance of door , with railing on each side . groucho be about to step off into space . he grab the railing and hang by he hand . ) groucho hey , junior ! Zeppo rush to door and pull he up by the hand . CUT to - Inside as Zeppo finish pull groucho in . groucho scramble to he foot , rush to window , lean out of window backwards and look up . CUT to -- shot of dirigible as see by groucho . CUT back inside of shack as groucho pull in he head . groucho get my rifle . Zeppo run for rifle ... groucho I will get rid of they . Zeppo return and hand rifle to groucho . groucho lean out of the window backwards and shoot up into the air ... CUT to - dirigible ( miniature ) as the bag explode . the smoke fill the screen . as the smoke clear away we see groucho and Zeppo descend side by side in two parachute against sky background . groucho ( to Zeppo ) take a letter . Zeppo take out pad and pencil zeppo to whom ? groucho to whom it may concern ... dear gloria : the air have do I a world of good . I be five thousand foot above sea level speed home to you . can you arrange to meet I at twenty - five hundred foot ? -- which be only ask you to meet I half way . do not be surprised if I drop in on you any minute ... you fun - loving dictator . groucho and Zeppo descend out of scene , as harpo and chico come into scene from above , both suspend from the rope of they parachute ... they be in a sit position , with a board across they knee , play card ... fade out end of sequence " J " sequence " k " fade in - to a group of notables stand around a large table . among they be Mrs. teasdale and Zeppo . groucho be the guest of honor , very gaily attire for the occasion . as we fade into this scene , they be sing - all ( sing ) hail , hail , freedonia ... land of the brave and free ! zeppo my dad be much too great for he position without a question . I would like to offer this with you permission as a suggestion : I really think he should be king ! all we really think he should be king ! zeppo I really think he should be king ! all he should be king ! solo and wear a crown and everything . all and everything . solo I really think he should be king ! all he should be king ! groucho from what I have be gather , I think they think I should be king : I think they think I should be king ! all he should be king ! groucho and wear a crown and everything . all and everything . he should be king ! then follow a musical interlude during which groucho say : - groucho ( speak to audience ) you know I think they think I should be king . ( then turn to the guest - sing ) although it would please I to govern the throng , suppose I be king and then everything go wrong . mrs . teasdale the king can do no wrong ! all the king can do no wrong ! the king can do no wrong ! they all sit groucho of course you be all aware a king must have a heir some one to pass the family name along will some one tell I where I would ever get a heir if a king can do no wrong all ( stand up ) the king can do no wrong ! ( they all sit down ) groucho suppose a pretty dame into my castle come - and let we say that I be go strong . she might be stick on I , but what good would it be , if the king can do no wrong . all ( stand up ) the king can do to wrong ! ( sitting down ) groucho King Solomon be game he give each girl he name to number they would make a list that long I will bet he thousand wife lead miserable life if the king can do no wrong . all ( remain seat ) we really think he should be king and wear a crown and everything . groucho they think I should - they think I should - they think I should - they think I should be king . ( applause ) Mrs. teasdale rise . mrs . teasdale my dear friend , in time of peace we should forgive that who fight against we , and so , I have invite we former enemy . ( applause ) CUT to door , as it be be open by two page . trentino and Vera enter . they both stop and bow in acknowledgment of the applause come over scene . as they walk toward table and out of scene , chico and harpo enter . the latter be carry a carpet runner , roll up under he arm . he flip the carpet runner away from he on the floor , hold onto one end . it roll out and harpo stride majestically down its length toward the table with chico follow . harpo pause , bring to light a cuspidor from under he coat , put it on the carpet and spit into it , and continue on , follow chico , who be now ahead of he . harpo break into a run and he and chico dash madly to the table . they take seat on either side of groucho and without hesitate , start to eat the food in front of they . the guest be stand . trentino and Vera arrive at they place and everyone sit down . harpo reach for a large service plate with a pretty picture on it , push he plate away , break the service plate with a knife ... it break into little piece like a jig-saw puzzle . he mix the piece up , and then start to put they together again ... groucho watch he ... then help he ... groucho ( stop harpo as he try to fit a piece ) no , no , this be the one ... ( pick up a piece and place it ... ) a waiter place a dish of tasty food in front of groucho ... he be just about to dig into it with he knife and fork when harpo turn the table toward himself . this bring groucho 's food to harpo , and chico 's empty plate to groucho ... groucho that be awfully good , I think I will have a second help ... waiter ... snap he finger to waiter off scene . the waiter immediately appear place a second dish in front of groucho . he start to dig he knife and fork into it again when chico turn the table toward himself ... this bring he food to chico ... harpo lift he plate up and put it down again when the table stop turn ... this time groucho have nothing in front of he ... groucho if I do not stop eat I will get indigestion ... a woman guest ( to the leave of chico ... to chico ) would you mind pass the salt ? chico ( yelling to harpo ) hey , she want some salt ... harpo take salt shaker from man to he right , place it in front of himself and give the table a quick turn toward the woman next to chico ... groucho be still without food . he rise and look about table ... see a dish of food in front of trentino , who be seat at opposite side of table ... trentino be eat . groucho ( yelling to trentino ) ambassador , how 's the food ? ambassador trentino ( look up and turn in direction of groucho ) it 's delicious , you excellency . groucho that 's all I want to know . he give the table a quick turn and trentino 's plate disappear as it spin around toward groucho ... just as it get to harpo , he lift up the plate ... the table go on a few foot more and when it stop , harpo put down he plate and start to eat ... again groucho have nothing ... groucho pick up he napkin and wipe he mouth . groucho I could not eat another thing . ( he stand up ) lady and gentleman , I want to introduce to you a man who be a prince of good fellow , generous to a fault , he own worst enemy and a devil in he own hometown ... applause ... groucho step up on the table groucho thanks , I do not expect to be call upon ... however , in conclusion I want to tell you that I promise Mrs. teasdale I would marry she if we win the war .... well , we win the war and I be stick ... to the victor belong the spoil ... the table start to turn slowly ... groucho start to walk in opposite direction ... stay in same place . groucho in union there be strength ... the table move a little faster ... groucho increase he pace accordingly ... CUT to harpo and chico now seat beside each other turn the table ... CUT back to groucho ... groucho I feel that we be take a step in the right direction , and that 's what I call balling the Jack ... speed of table turn increase . groucho keep pace against it in tread - mill fashion ... groucho now be not the time for political temporize , all interest must be sacrifice for the common weal ... CUT to harpo and chico turn table ... faster and faster ... we CUT back to groucho who be now gallop to keep he spot but he 's not go any place groucho all that who want to place they money on the wheel , step inside , faint heart never win fair lady ... money will not grow in you pocket like the hair on you head and now be the time for all good man to come to the aid of they party . this fade out on a shot with groucho run madly , and gesticulate , take in harpo and chico turn the table ... end of sequence " k " the end