producer : George eckstein prod . # 34111 August 16 , 1971 ( s5.r . ) Rev. 9/1/71 ( p.r . ) tvm movie of the weekend duel c1971 ) : e@ teleplay by Richard matheson base on the story by Richard matheson a dde #34111 movie of the weekend duel ec act one fade in ext , OPEN country - helicopter shot - day 1 behind title , we see Mann 's car ( a low - power , economy model ) be drive along a two - lane , rural highway . no music ; only the faint sound of he car motor and that of two widely separate vehicle he pass which be go in the opposite direction . titles end . moving shot - mann' car 2 camera draw straight ahead of the car as it be drive along the curving back country highway . camera start to slow down after several moment and the car move closer until we see Mann more clearly . int . car - angle on mann 3 his suit coat off , he tie remove and shirt collar open , he sleeve cuff fold back twice , a harness strap diagonal across he chest . there be sunlight on he leave arm and on part of he lap . his hair be ruffle by the wind from the open window at he leave . he be hum softly with the music on the car radio , the finger of he right hand tapping idly on the steer - ing wheel . camera draw around he slowly , revealing a curv - ing grade ahead between two high hill . just visible , climb the grade , be a truck pull a tank trailer . camera move down to the speedometer , Mann be hold he speed at a steady 55 mile per hour . after several moment , camera pan to the dashboard clock and hold . it be 11:31 . helicopter shot - mann' car 4 camera shoot from the leave and at a shallow downward angle . now the camera start to pull ahead , draw around so that Mann 's car remain in sight . after a while , the truck be be - veal foot by foot ; a gigantic gasoline tanker truck pull a tank trailer , each of they have six wheel . it be not a new rig but dent and in need of renovation , its tank paint a cheap look silver color . we hear the grind strain of the truck 's motor . the vertical pipe to the leave of the cab be spew dark smoke which cloud back across the trailer . Mann 's car start to close in on the truck and trailer . dde #34111 2 int , car ~ angle past mann 5 the truck trailer ahead , the distance between it and the car narrowing . the word flammable be print across the back of the trailer , red letter on a white background . there be parallel reflector line across the bottom half of the tank which look as though they have be clumsily apply with a stencil . sway behind the rear tire be massive , black rubber flap . the license plate be a California issue . Mann start to edge he car toward the opposite lane . he steer back behind the truck with a faint sound of aggravation as he see a blind curve ahead . some of the dark exhaust . cloud across he car and he get a whiff of it through the open window , make another sound , this one of distaste . after several moment , he edge out into the opposite lane again . the ridge ahead make it too risky to pass . Mann make another sound , this of semi-amuse acceptance as he pull behind the truck again . helicopter shot - truck and car 6 the truckireach the summit of the ridge and move across it . after a brief period , it start around a leave curve on the downgrade . camera draw around to reveal that no car be approach from the other direction . immediately , Mann 's car be accelerate and steer into the opposite lane , gradually pass the truck . int . car - angle past mann 7 toward the back of he car . through the rear window , we see the truck , its front fender a dingy purple color , the paint fade and chip . Mann glance at the rear view mirror , then steer back into the proper lane , slowly increase the distance between he car and the truck . he start to hum again , relax - ing . camera move past he , stop , then angle down to reveal he sample on the back seat . angle on mann 8 we do not see the highway behind he . he start to whistle softly with the radio music , look at the countryside ahead , point of view shot ~ countryside 9 distant range of mountain as far as the eye can see and , in the immediate area , a valley ahead . o.s . continued dde 1g il 12 i3 14 #34111 3 continued 9 we hear Mann 's soft whistling . at the bottom of the grade , the car cross a concrete bridge and we hear the dull , pop sound of the bridge rail be pass . camera down pan to the speedometer . Mann have be drive down the last straight portion of the grade at 67 mile per hour . we see the needle move back as he slow to 55 and hold . angle past mann id camera shoot toward the right rear of the car so the high - way behind be not visible . camera move in on Mann 's face as he whistle . he look toward the dashboard . point of view shot - photograph holder will attach by . a suction cup to the flat above the dashboard . camera move in on the photograph of Mann 's wife , seventeen - year- old daughter and fourteen - year - old son . t back to mann 12 same angle as shot # 10 . he smile to himself as he whistle . he look back at the highway , he eye go out of focus . a few moment later , the roar of the truck motor make he eye snap back into focus and he look to he leave . point of view shot - truck 13 pass in the next lane , camera draw back and around so that Mann be include in frame and we see the truck and trailer gain ground , the pass of its bulk cause Mann 's car to shudder slightly . the truck have barely gotton by when its ariver cut in for the propér lane . Mann make a startle sound as he be force to brake to keep from get too close to the rear of the tank trailer . mann hey , what 's with you ? close on mann i4 look at the truck and trailer with disapproval . mann Knights o' the highway , anh ? dde @ 15 ié¢ 1 ? oe 18 i9 #34111 4 point of view shot - truck and trailer 15 about thirty yard ahead . its black exhaust cloud across the windshield . close on mann 16 grimace at the smell of the exhaust . mann oh , come on . he glare at the truck . mann' thought talk about air pollution ... he make a hiss sound , then a pain one as another whiff of truck exhaust assail he , he let up on the accelerator and slow down , look at the truck , tooth gritt slightly . now he look at the dashboard clock , wince . ~ for insert - dashboard clock . 17 11:37 mann' voice ( sing -song ) 'at g I have gotta get go . moving shot - car 18 camera on the leave front fender , shoot toward Mann as he edge out slowly into the next lane , look ahead for sign of appraoch traffic . int . car ~ angle past mann 19 toward the highway ahead , the truck and trailer visible on the right . there be no oncoming traffic . Mann push down on the accelerator and he car start to pass the trailer . camera draw around to the leave so that , as he begin to pass the truck , we see its cab . it be too high for we to see more than the truck driver 's leave hand on the steering wheel -~ darkly tan and square ~ look with large vein knotted on its surface . dde @ x 21 22 23 é 24 #34111 5 moving shot - truck and trailer and car 20 camera ahead on the highway , far enough in advance so that we cannot see the truck driver 's face or mann's , the car pull ahead of the truck . int , car - close on rear view mirror 21 the truck 's reflection gradually appear in it . camera withdraw to include Mann as he pull back into the proper lane . he start and look up quickly at the mirror as the truck driver give he a extend horn blast . angle past mann - toward rear of car 22 the truck behind he in the distance , Mann look down from the rear view mirror . mann ( drily ) ' what be that , a greeting or a curse ? helicoptor shot - car and truck 23 camera move ahead of the car and the truck and trailer . int , car - angle past mann 24 toward the right front of the car . off the highway be a slope of shale - like earth with patch of scrub grass grow on it . on top of the slope be a clapboard house with a television aerial on its roof which sag at a angle of less than 40 degree . Mann make a amused sound . a sign appear ahead , printea in jag black letter on a piece of plywood lean against a boulder : night crawler - bait . Mann make another sound of amusement , | mann' thought ' night crawler ? ' ( x ) . mann sound like some monster in a low grade horror movie . up ahead , a gas station appear . close on mann 25 glancing at the fuel gauge . 8s dde 26 27 28 29 #34111 6 insert - fuel gauge 26 below the 1 / 4 mark . angle past mann ~ toward the gas station '' 27 slow down , Mann turn in and brake to the leave of the pump island nearest the highway . cut off the motor , he rub he eye and yawn , begin to stretch . the sound of the truck motor behind he car make he twist around . point of view shot - truck 28 see through the rear window , loom hugely , only the lower portion of it visible as it be steer toward the right of the island . camera draw back and to Mann 's leave , turn with he as he watch the truck stop beside the island with a squeal of brake , the trailer hitch paralle to he front door . camera keep turn with Mann 's head until it be shoot past he toward the cab of the truck . we see the hand of the driver on the steering wheel . angle past mann - toward right rear of car 29 Mann look toward the truck cab with a slight curiosity . he start , look upward , as the o.s. attendant bang once on the roof . attendant's voice yessir ! Mann jerk he head around at the sound of the man 's voice , camera draw around to the leave to include the skinny , cheery look attendant lean over by the window , smile in at hin . attendant what can I do you for ? Mann draw in slightly rag breath . mann fill it with ethyl , please . attendant . will do ~ if ethel do not mind . ( x ) he move , toward the rear of the car , whistling happily . Mann smile a little painfully , then look toward the cab of the truck again . dde e@ 30 31 32 33 ite , #34111 7 ' point of view shot - cab 30 the hand be go . angle past mann - toward left rear of car 31 the attendant remove the cap of the rear gas tank , straight - ening up and turn toward the pump . Mann look to he right . point of view shot - trailer 32 ( X ) beneath it the leg of the driver can be see . he be wear fade pants and nondescript shoe . camera pan as he move to the middle set of tire , camera draw back to include Mann . he look toward the window as the o.s. attendant speak . attendant's voice check under the hood for ya ? og ) mann ' please . he look to the front . in the b.g. , the truck driver 's leg move out of sight . angle on car 33 Mann sit in profile , stare ahead , not really anxious but not comfortable either . camera start to draw back . after several moment , we see the attendant by the open hood . he look at Mann . attendant look like you could use a new raddiator hose . mann' thought ( drily ) where have I hear that one before ? mann ( smile ) T will get one later . attendant you be the boss . camera keep withdraw until we see in full shot how the truck and trailer dwarf Mann 's car . in relative size , it be akin to see a tug boat beside a ocean liner . g L 34 35 36 #34111 8 int . car = angle through window on clipboard - minute later 34 as the attendant tear off Mann 's receipt and hand it to he with he credit card , camera draw back to reveal Mann as he take then . attendant you save they stamp ? mann no , . thank you . he turn on the motor . attendant good enough , Mann let off the emergency brake and start to drive away from the station . attendant come back now ! 1 as Mann steer back onto the highway - look across he shoulder to make sure it 's clear - we see the truck through the rear window , park by the gas pump island . Mann pick up speed . wife's voice ( sadly chide ) why do you always turn down stamp , Dave ? mann' thought ( x ) Cause you always make I lick they . he grin . angle down highway - toward gas station 35 Mann 's car approach camera and drive past , move out of frame . camera hold . down the highway , the truck and trailer pull away from the gas station , move onto the highway and approach camera . there be a glare of sunlight on the wind - shield and we can not see the driver 's face . the huge truck move into close f.g. , pass camera , fill the screen . int . car - close on speedometer 36 the needle steady at 55 . camera draw up and back to include Mann , angle to reveal the highway and terrain ahead . after awhile , the sound of the truck motor begin imping on the sound of the car motor and Mann glance at the rear view mirror , reacting to what he see . dde 6 37 eh , 38 39 40 1b '' e #34111 9 angle past mann - toward rear of car 37 the truck overtake it rapidly . Mann alternate worried glance between the rear view mirror and the highway ahead . he start to speed up , be disturb at be force to do so and begin to slow again . the truck , move faster and faster , turn out into the opposite lane . see that the truck driver be determine to pass , Mann slow down further . camera draw around to show the leviathan shape of the truck pass on the leave . Mann throw a irritate glance at it . mann' thought what be we have , a contest ? camera keep move around Mann , follow the movement of the truck . no sooner have it pass than the driver angle toward the proper lane . Mann make a sound of incredulous surprise as he let up sharply on the accelerator pedal to keep from be sideswipe . mann what 's with this guy ? L the truck pull on ahead , then show down . Mann have to decrease he speed even more . the odor of the truck 's exhaust reach he again and , with a angry mutter , he start cranking up the window to he leave . close on mann 38 as he finish cranking up the window , look at the clock . insert - clock 39 11:59 close on mann 40 his expression tightening . mann' thought I have get to meet forbe at quarter to three ; that 's all there be to it . after a few moment , he see something ahead and react with angry satisfaction . mann ah. dde 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 #34111 10 point of view shot - highway ahead widen , a pass lane between the other two . int . car - mann jarring down he foot on the accelerator pedal and start to steer to the leave . moving shot ~ car camera draw ahead of it . lane and start accelerate further , camera move in quickly as the car reach the middle on the windshield and Mann 's expression of disgust . int . car ~ angle past mann toward the truck ahead . block he way . t oh , for mann break off , he slow down . close on mann wait for the truck and trailer to pass whatever vehicle he assume to be ahead . it be edging into the middle lane , point of view shot - truck and trailer remain in the middle lane . mann beginning to get the message . right to check . he edge he car toward the angle past mann ~ toward highway ahead his car move enough to the right for he to see that there be no third vehicle ahead . what ? mann ( faintly ) 4l 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 al 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 #34111 11 close on mann 49 look at the truck and trailer , not want to believe the evidence face he but hard put to do otherwise . mann' thought be you kid ? point of view shot - truck and trailer 50 in the middle lane , the right lane clear ahead , Mann 's car straddle both lane . mann 51 there be only one way to find out . his lip press together and he steer completely into the right lane , start accele - rating . point of view shot - truck : 52 I edging over to block he way . mann 53 slow down in consternation . mann I do not believe it . he stare at the truck incredulously ; drive that way for awhile , then , abruptly , feature tightening , flick down the turn signal lever and , depress the accelerator pedal , edge toward the middle lane again , see it 's clear and steer completely into it . angle past mann - toward truck 54 as he car finish its shift into the middle lane , the truck and trailer shift to block he way . ext , car - angle on windshield 55 Mann 's expression contort . ( X ) mann oh , yeah ?! ( x ) al 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 #34111 12 int . car - angle past mann — toward truck 56 mann' thought he 's get to be kid ! ( X ) with a labor exhalation , he steer back quickly into the right hand lane . ahead , the truck shift over to block he way . mann you --- ! break off , he exhales hard again . his finger tap on the steering wheel . moment pass , impulsively , he steer into the middle lane again . moving shot - truck and car 57 the truck move into the middle lane to block the car . Mann steer back into the right lane and the truck do the same . int . car = close on mann 58 face contort with anger , he slam the heel of he hand three time on the horn bar , then hold it down as he steer into the middle lane again . moving shot - truck and car 59 the truck move over to block the middle lane . Mann stop honk the horn and steer back toward the right lane , then , as the truck start edging over , suddenly turn back to the middle lane again , accelerate . int . car - mann : 60 his determine expression become one of disbelief . he let up on the accelerator pedal and slow down . point of view shot - truck 61 straddle the right and middle lane , block they both . ext . car - angle through windshield 62 Mann , as he pound on the horn , result in a series of ( X ) staccato blast . ( X % ) al 63 64 65 é 66 67 #34111 13 int . car -— close on mann 63 mann I do not believe it . ( pause ) I just do not believe it . he blow out shaking breath . now he see something ahead which make he grimace , mann oh , no . point of view shot - truck and trailer 64 the highway narrowing to two lane again , close on mann 65 fit to be tie . mann' thought ' why do I go this way ? ( pause ; self - mockingly ) I be tired of the freeway , honey . ( x ) think I will take the old scenic route this time . no traffic , no pressure .... mann : you , ..dope . he blow out hiss breath , several moment pass . then he expression change as he see what 's happen ahead . point of view shot - truck and trailer 66 the driver have he leave arm out the window , wave he on . the road ahead curve blindly to the right . close on mann 67 his expression harden to one of vengeful satisfaction . mann well , it 's about time , Charlie . he twist the steering wheel , accelerate toward the other lane . instantly , he face go blank with shock . al 68 69 70 71 72 73 #34111 14 point of view shot ~ other lane camera zoom in on a blue sedan hurtle toward camera . mann gasp as he jerk the steering wheel around . moving shot - car return to the right lane so precipitately that the rear end start to fishtail . the blue sedan shoot by in the other lane , miss Mann by no more than a few foot , the driver of the sedan honk he horn in angry reaction . int . car - angle past mann - toward rear of car Mann struggle to control the zigzag whipping of he car as the blue sedan speed off to b.g. , horn honk . ' moving shot - car camera pull ahead of it . Mann be able to regain control and he car straighten out . int . car = close on mann a daze expression on he face . fade out end of act one 68 69 70 7 72 73 aae 74 75 Te 77 e #34111 15 act two fade in inu , car = close on mann 74 a continuation of scene # 73 . mann ' thought my god. ( pause ) my God . he want I to hit that ear head on . he blink , shake he head , swallow ; manage to control he breathe . mann' thought Boy , oh , boy , oh , boy . he stare at the truck ahead . . poiny of view shot - truck and trailer a 75 mann' thought ( incredulously ) ' not only mean for I to be kill but a totally innocent passerby as well . close on mann 76 mann Holy mackeral . irritatea suddenly by the radio on which a sing commercial be be perform , he reach out and jerk the knob around , turn off the radio . he drive in seethe silence . angle past mann - toward truck 77 as he start reacting once more to the dark exhaust fume of the truck , breath quicken , sound of mount aggravation in he throat . the highway ahead curve to the leave and we see that there be no approach car in sight . abruptly , Mann steer leave into the other lane . the truck edge over to plock he way . immediately , Mann force down the horn bar , nolas it down . we can not hear what he be say though we realize that he be cursing at the truck driver . continued aqae 77 78 79 80 #34111 16 continued 77 come on , you miserable lunatic ! ( xx ) move you fat - end truck out of my way ! . the truck remain in front of he . Mann let up on the horn par , breathe hard , steer back into the proper lane . the truck ana trailer do the same . close on mann 78 his anger fade to be replace by a kind of pain wonderment as he stare at the truck ahead . mann' thought what be with you anyway ? I pass you stupid rig a couple of time and you go fly off the deep end . be you nut or something ? he nod tensely mann be thought ' wo other explanation . he grimace at the fume again . mann that fume . could die from they . he let up on the accelerator pedal . poini of view shot - truck 79 move ahead as Mann slow down . mann' thought I be never gonna make that : ( xx ) appointment . close on mann 80 mann' thought {irritably ) where be the police around here anyway ? he make a scoffing noise . continued dde be ) 80 gl 82 83 84 #34111 17 continued 80 . mann' thought what police ? eat ) here in the boondock ? they probably have a sheriff on horse - back . mann ( a aggravate imitation of this ' sheriff ' ) well , I guess it 's time to saddle up and check out that new fangle xy ) highway -~ be not be out there for a month , or two . he start to smile , then get a startle look on he face as the car begin to bounce . he look at the highway . point of view shot ~ highway ahead 81 the pave consist of pitte slab with gap between they . t . . . close on mann 82 uook toward the truck and trailer . point of view shot - truck and trailer 83 jolting up and down , mann' voice I hope it shake you brain loose . ( beat ) if you have any . cluse on mann b4 face set against the jarring impact as he drive . after awhile , the jarring stop . shortly thereafter , Mann see something ahead that make he smile with satisfaction . mann ah. ( pause ; more loudly ) ah. point of view shot - truck and trailer 85 almost to the base of a long , steep hiil . i ade 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 #34111 18 close on mann 86 his smile of satisfaction disappear as he glance at the dashboard clock . he make a worried sound . insert - dashboard 87 the time be 12:13 . mann ' voice I have gotta move , int . car - insert - dashboard clock 88 the time now 12:21 . helicoptor shot - truck and trailer and car 89 move up , the steep , curving grade , the truck 's motor grind noisily , Mann 's car about thirty yard behind . in ? , car - close on mann 30 look ahead for a appropriate place to pass . point of view shot ~ truck and trailer 91 move slowly up the grade . mann 92 poise and ready for he chance ; try to ignore the fume which be set he stomach on edge . finally he see what he 's look for . point of view shot - truck and trailer and grade ahead 93 the highway beginning to curve to the leave . no approach car in sight . camera zoom in on a turnout for the other ( X ) lane . close on mann 94 floor the accelerator pedal , he shoot into the opposite liane . dde 95 96 97 98 99 100 #34111 . i9 angle pass mann - toward truck 95 the slow move truck begin to angle out in front of he . Mann keep steering toward the leave . by the time he be past the trailer , he run out of pave and he car speed onte the dirt turnoff , camera draw around to he leave to keep the truck and trailer in view . Cloud of dust start billow around the car , obscure the truck from sight . mann ( tightly ) look out . look cut . moving shot - car 96 camera pull ahead of it as it rake across the turnoff , tire buzzing and crackle on the dirt , then shoot back onte the highway before the turnout stop . the truck can not be see through the dust . int . car > mann : 97 a : look of elation on he face . he glance at the rear view mirror and a bark laugh erupt in he throat . point of view shot - rear view mirror 98 the truck and trailer just emerge from the swirl cloud of dust . mann' voice ( fiercely ) how do you like the smell of something rotten in you nose for a change ?! ( x ) mann 99 face hard with savage glee , he pound out the rhythm of " shave and a haircut , two bit " on the horn , mann that for you , Jack ! haah ! le chuckle to himself , start cranking down the window . helicoptor shot ~ car 100 as it sweep across the summit of the hill and start down a long , curving grade toward another valley . sh 101 102 103 104 105 #34111 20 int . car ~ mann 101 turn on the radio and twist the knob until he find a jolting rock music number , he start to beat time with it on the steering wheel rim , a look of spiteful pleasure on he face . the view ahead begin to please he . mann the scenic route , man . point of view shot - the view ahead 102 a strike vista : sunlit hill and desert . 0o.s. we hear the rock music . abruptly , it stop , we hear the sound of station be bypass on the radio dial , then a station settle on which be play soft , pleasant music . mann 103 straighten up and settling back against the seat , look through thdy windshield at the view ; calming down . the wind ruffle he hair again . mann pretty . angle past mann - toward the valley ahead 104 Mann hum with the radio music , the.car . pass : a boulder with the word Comets paint crudely on it . mann ( blithely } and who , pray tell , be the Comets ? he start to whistle with the music . the car pass another sign : Chuck 's Cafe -- 7 mile ahead . mann no thanks , Chuck . if you do not mind , I will just . keep move ; time 's definitely awast . angle on highway - mann' car 105 as it speed away from camera and disappear around a gradual curve . camera hold . it be still for several moment . then , faintly , in the distance behind camera , we hear the approach sound of the truck motor . ms 106 107 168 109 110 111 #34111 21 int . car ~ angle past mann 106 the downgrade of the highway visible behind he through the rear window . after awhile , the truck appear , close in on Mann 's car . Mann fail to notice it at first . the truck come closer . Mann continue whistling with the radio music . the massive truck loom in the b.g. , get very near . Mann hum and tap the steering wheel . finally , the sound of the truck 's motor reach he and he glance at the rear view mirror . instantly , he face reflect he stunne reaction . mann ( feebly ) he 's crazy . ( xx ) swallow , he press down on the accelerator pedal . and he car begin to pick up speed . moving shot ~ car and truck and trailer 107 move down the widely curving slope at increase speed : the car pull ahead , then the truck go faster , close the gap . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 108 Mann 's face stiffen as he speed down the slope . he. glance at the rear view mirror , look back down . the truck be gain on he steadily . he depress the accelerator pedal further , start to pull ahead again . moving shot - car and truck and trailer '' will move into a gradual , right -hand curve . int . car - mann 110 lean to the right , he brake a little and the truck begin to gain on he again . emerging from the curve , he look at the rear view mirror , make a sound .of apprehension . he jar he foot down on the pedal and he car leap forward . side shot - car and truck and trailer lil as first one , then the other , sheot into frame , camera pan quickly to follow they movement . now the grade ahead run straight down several mile to the valley . oe , é 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 #34111 22 helicopter shot - car and truck and trailer . 112 pick up speed as they start down the final stretch of grade . the truck close in . the car go faster , widen the gap . the truck go faster , close it . the car go faster , then the truck again . -int . car ~ angle past mann - toward truck and trailer : ii3 he glance at the rear view mirror , make a faint noise in he throat , look down and press in the accelerator pedal even more , start to pull away from the truck . it pick up . speed and start to close in once more . Mann glance at the speedometer ; react . insert - speedometer 114 reaching 83 mile per hour . helicopter ! shot - car and truck and trailer 115 hurtling down the slope , the truck shorten the distance between they . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 116 the truck so close now that its huge , square radiator grill be start to fill the back window , Mann glance at the rear view mirror , make a whimper sound and look down , press in the accelerator pedal more . the car pull forward , widen the distance . moving shot - car and truck and trailer 117 camera pull ahead of they in the opposite lane as they bullet down the slope , the truck motor howling as it start to close in once again . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 118 its square front come closer and closer . Mann glance at the rear view mirror , look down , tooth clench . he gaze at the highway ahead with desperation . his face reflect the sudden burst of hope he get , see what 's ahead . ms 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 #34111 23 point of view shot - turnoff 119 about a quarter of a mile distant . angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 120 Mann brace himself to try the turnoff . angle from turnoff - toward highway 121 the car and truck approach at speed of 90 mile a hour . Mann 's car start edging over , then , as it reach the turnoff , camera zoom in on the windshield . int . car - close on mann 122 mann' thought do not ! you will turn over ! ( ) d . angle from ' turnoff ~- toward highway 123 camera shoot toward the valley now . Mann 's car roar off , pursue at close range by the truck and trailer . int . car - angle past mann ~- toward truck and trialer 124 the truck so close now that only the lower portion of its front be visible through the rear window . Mann glance up at the rear view mirror , make a panicky sound . he press down on ( x ) the accelerator pedal , pull ahead again , glance at the speedometer , make a sound of agonize forebode . insert - speedometer ' 125 registering 94 mile a hour . moving shot ~- car and truck and trailer 126 descend the slope which be beginning to level now . ms 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 #34111 24 int . car ~ angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 127 Mann glance at the rear view mirror again . see how close the truck be cause blind fury to lance through he fear and he begin to honk he horn with frighten rage . this only cause the truck driver to close the distance between they even more . Mann glance at the rear view mirror and he expression collapse . mann' thought ( daze ) he 's gonna kill I . teeth set against the rise of incapacitate panic , he press down on the accelerator even more and pull ahead . helicopter shot - car and truck 128 the pursuit continue down the slope . retaining the two vehicle in frame , the camera slowly draw around until we see the valley ahead . in the distance be a low building - surround ! by open ground , two truck , one large , one a pick - up , and two car park in front of it . Mann 's car reach the base of the slope . . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 129 Mann look ahead with desperate resolve . point of view shot - build 130 a sign above it read : Chuck 's Cafe . the car come closer to it . angle past mann ~ toward truck and trailer 131 brace himself , Mann accelerate and start to pull away from the truck , look ahead tensely . point of view shot - cafe and ground 132 very close now . we see a pair of gas pump about 25 foot in front of the cafe . angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 133 a moment ; two . suddenly , mannstart to brake and swerve to the right . othe , 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 #34111 25 moving shot - car and truck and trailer camera pull into the area around the cafe .as Mann 's car rake across the open ground . immediately , it start to fishtail . int . car ~ angle past mann - toward highway show the truck and trailer shoot by on the highway as Mann attempt to keep he car under control . moving shot - car its rear end lash from side to side , spew dirt and vaise cloud of dust . as it pass the gas pump , the fishtail movement start to become a careen skid . int . car ~ mann face distonting . mann' thought steer with it ! he steer into the skid , brake as much as he can . moving shot ~ car straighten out a little , head toward the leave . side of the cafe . it almost sideswipe one of the parked.car . as it skid by it . int . car ~ mann the truck , car and cafe fly by outside . he manage to straighten out the car a little more and press on the brake pedal . moving shot - car slow down as it leave the cafe behind . int . car ~ mann xveacting as he see what 's dead ahead . he press the brake pedal in further . 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 ms # 34111 26 @ 142 point of view shot - barbed wire fence 142 separate the open area around the cafe from the desert . 143 close on mann' foot 143 press in further on the brake pedal . 144 angle past mann ~ toward fence 144 the car be almost to it now . 145 up angle on mann 145 as he drive the brake pedal to the fioor . 146 moving shot --car 146 camera pull ahead of it as its rear end brake to the right and it spin half around , sheering sideways to a halt ina cloud of dust as the camera pass over the barb wire fence and stop . 147 int . car - mann 147 flung against the harness strap , he neck wrench . by the sudden stop . he cry out dully and reach up with he leave hand to clasp at the back of he neck , grimace with pain . he make faint noise in he throat , éye close , hody slump . camera hold , everything totally motionless . fade out end of act two not 148 149 #34111 27 act three fade in int . car - mann 148 the only sound that of he erratic breathe . he press he right hand over he heart , make a sound of reaction to its heavy beat . mann' thought 3 oh ,.wow , it 's pound . ( X ) ( pause ) no wonder . he rub at he neck , hiss . 0.s. footstep make he open he eye abruptly and look around so fast that he hiss again at the new pain in he neck . another angle - including old . man 149 in overall and yellow flannel shirt , a hat on he head , a toothpick protrude from the side of he mouth . in the b.g. near the cafe , several man stand , look curiously toward the car . old man you all right , mister ? mann { swallow ) except for my neck . old man get y'self a whiplash prob'ly . Mann grunt . the old man look toward the other . old man he 's all right ! the man remain watch . old man what happen ? mann : truck driver try to kili I . old man kill ya ? ( beat ; awed ) go on . continued not / e 149 8 % ait , #34111 28 continued 149 mann chase I down the hill at more than ninety mile a hour . old man yeah , I see ' im flyin ' by . ( beat ) try to kill ya . he whistle softly as Mann nod , then , wince , have to stop . he rub he neck . old man sure look like ya get y'seif a whiplash all right . ( pause ) anything I can do for ya ? mann no , thank you . old man - ! ( nodd ) . '' okay . in the b.g. one of the man go back into the cafe . another start approach . the old man look at Mann in silence for a few moment . old man try to kill ya . he grunt , mightily impressed by this . Mann nod a little . old man he must be crazy . mann ( grimly ) I know he 's crazy . the old man chuckle briefly and without humor . old man qught t'be arrest . mann you say it . old man ( nod ; pause ) well , you take it easy now . mann thank you . continued not be ) 149 150 8 , isl 152 153 a #34111 29 continued - 2 : 149 the old man turn away and start back toward the cafe . see the approach man , he speak . old man he 's all right . get hisself a little whiplash , that 's ali . the other man wait for he and they both start back toward the cafe , the second man question the old man . Mann slowly release the harness strap and , pull he key ring free from the dashboard , open the door . angle on car - mann 150 his leg give as he stand and , make a startle noise , he grab the door to keep they from buckle . mann wow . ( x ) — ( whistle softly ) : what a experience . after a few moment , he close the door and start toward the cafe , drop the key ring into he right trouser pocket . he rub at the back of he neck as he walk , camera pan to follow he movement , then stop . he move away from camera , have difficulty with he leg . moving shot - mann isl look wash out as he move toward the cafe , rub the back of he neck . mann' thought I 'il never make that appointment now . ( pause ) oh , what 's the difference . ( X ) angle past corner of cafe - toward mann 152 camera draw around as he turn the corner . he glance aside as a car motor start o.s. moving shot - angle past mann -~ toward old man' car 153 as he - batter coupe pull away , the old man tap the back of he neck with one finger as though to remind Mann that he probably have a whiplash . Mann raise he right hand in a return gesture , then look toward the cafe , frown as he see a sign in the window . not 154 155 156 157 #34111 30 moving shot - sign - mann' point of view 154 the sign read trucker welcome . moving shot - mann 155 make a shuddery repell sound ; look away from the sign . int . cafe - angle on door 156 o.s. , the sound of juke box music play , a murmur of voice . Mann come in and head back for the washroom , look straight ahead , camera pull close ahead of hin . voice ( owner 's ) what happen out there , mister ? mann in a minute . he do not look to either side , feel awkward , sure that everyone be look at he . we do not get a clear view of anyone , the camera pull ahead of Mann too closely . reach - ing the rear of the cafe , he walk along a narrow hallway , then turn leave . camera pan , then stop as Mann open @ door and go into the Men 's room . the door shut and we see the sign gent on the door . int , men' room 157 small and dingy . move to the sink , Mann twist the right hand faucet and lean over to cup cold . water in he palm , hiss at the pain it cause in he neck . he splashes water in he face for several moment before straighten up . the only sound be that of the run water and the juke box music pulsing faintly o.s . Mann tug down several paper towel from they dispenser and pat they against he drip - ping face . he twist he head around ginerly , experimentally , wince . mann' thought take a couple of aspirin . drop the paper towel into a wastebasket , he regards he reflection in the wall mirror above the. sink . mann still among the live , I see . swallow , he remove 4 metal comb from he back trouser pocket and begin to neaten he . hair , grimace slightly at the pain he movement cause in he neck . continued & % 157 158 159 #34111 3 a continued 157 mann' thought . you never know . ( pause ) you just never know . ( beat ) you just go along figure some thing do not change . ever . like be able to drive on a public highway without somebody try to murder you . he finish with he hair and start to wash he hand . mann' thought then one stupid thing happen -- twenty , twenty - five minute out of you whole life -- and all the rope that keep you hang in there get cut loose . he pull down more paper towel and start to dry he hand , look at he reflection again . mann' thought and it 's like there you be -~ right back in the jungle again . int . narrow hallway - angle on door to men' room 158 after several moment , Mann open the door and come out . as he reach close f. g. camera start to pull ahead of he . — he move into the cafe and turn to the right , sighing heavily . mann' thought all right , boy , it be a nightmare but it 's over now . camera draw around , then stop as he sit in the back booth and pick up a menu from its rack , open it and start to look at it . owner' voice you all right ? he look toward the counter . angle past mann - toward counter ist the owner , wear a wrinkle , soile apron over he clothes , be look over from the stove near the rear of the counter . he be the only man we see . continued '' ( mle # 34111 32 159 continued 159 mann ( not want to talk ) Fine ; thank you . owner what happen out there ? mann oh. just a little ... complication , you might say . owner oh ? 160 angle on mann 160 look back at the menu to prevent further conversation man' voice ( gibe ) look like a big complication to I . i . General laughter . Mann do not raise he eye . mann' thought and how about mind you own ( xx ) business . ( pause ) Book a nice hotel room , when I get there , order I a bottle of something expensive ; soak my poor abuse neck in - a hot bath --- he start to look up toward the front of the cafe , ready to order . mann' thought ( finish ) ~~ and forget the whole thing . instantly , he breath stop as he gape in shock toward the front window of the cafe . 161 point of view shot ~ front window 161 camera zoom in on the window . the truck and trailer be park in front , cut off the view of the two gas pump . 163 164 165 166 167 168 #34111 33 close on mann 162 stare at the truck in unbely shock . mann' thought it be not true . ( pause ) he won. ( with mount anger and fear ) mann' thought he have the whole highway to ( xx ) himself ! why do he have to come back ?! his lip begin to tremble and he press they together . suddenly he stiffen , look at the customer in the cafe . point of view shot ~ customer 163 five man in all , three along the counter , two in booth near the front . ' two at the counter be chat with the waitress . the third be near the front . close on mann 164 look at the man tensely . point of view shot - man 165 his pants and shoe similar to that we see earlier . close on mann 166 stare at the man . after several moment , he glance at the two man in the booth just to make certain . his feature tense . point of view shot - man in front booth 167 his back to camera , he leave leg stick out in view . camera zoom in on it . it be also garbe in similar pants and the foot have a shoe on it which might well be the one we see earlier . close on mann 168 leok ill . his gaze shift from one man to the other , stop at the man at the counter . é m1 169 170 #34111 34 angle past mann - toward man at counter 169 the man be turn he head to look toward the back of the cafe . abruptly , Mann jerk up the menu , cut off the sight of the man . camera draw around slowly to show he stare sightlessly at the menu , he expression one of mount torment . mann' thought why do not I look at face when I come in ? now there 's no way of know - ing which one it be . he twitches as the waitress speak o.s . waitress ( not too genial ) you ready t'order ? two shot - mann and waitress 170 Mann look at she blankly before answer . ' mann uh...yes , I - I will have a -- nlook at the menu ) a...ham on rye and -~ a bottle of beer , please . she turn away . the juke box music stop . mann ( a little too loudly ) and do you have ---? he break off as she stop and look across she shoulder at he . he try to smile . mann do you have any aspirin ? she grunt and move out of frame , Mann watch she go , then glance uneasily toward the man at the counter , look down at the table , draw in tremulous breath . he swallow . abruptly , he attempt to put the menu back in its rack . he cannot manage it and finally drop it on the table , draw in another strain breath . he clasp he hand on the table , stare at they . juke box music start again , a drive jazz piece . '' e mis l171 172 #34111 35 insert - mann' clasped hand 171 tremble slightly . mann 172 as he press he lip together , angry at himself now . camera move in very slowly on he face . mann' thought now wait a minute , ( beat ) all right , he 's in here . that do not automatically mean he intend to continue he ... attack . he look at he wristwatch . the evidence it give he help he rationale . mann' thought it be lunchtime . ( beat ahd Chuck 's cafe may be the only place to eat for mile around . he clasp he hand on the table again , try hard to believe himself . mann' thought he probably eat here all the time . he be just move too fast before ; he have to slow down , turn around , that 's all . ( pause ; weaken ) that 's all . he can not retain the flimsy conviction . his expression show it . mann' thought ( miserably ) why do not I leave when I see he truck outside ? then I would know what he intend to do . ( pause ; with increase speed ) what if he follow I out though ? -~- start after I again ? I would be right back where I start . even if I get a lead , he would overtake I soon enough . my car 's just not that powerful -- and I doubt it 's in ( X ) I to drive 60 and 90 mile a hour . continued mle 172 173 174 #34111 36 continued 172 mann' thought ( cont would ) as soon as I stop concentrate , I would go back to 55 like I always do . it 's a habit , I can not help it . he would just --- his think voice break off and he jam he lip out together , face in extreme close up now . camera stop and hold . mann' thought take it easy ! the spasm of mindless dread pass after awhile and he look toward the man again . mann' thought maybe I should try to make some kind ay ) of contact . point of view shot - man at counter 173 we hear matn 's footstep approach he . mann '‘s voice look mister , I be sorry I irritate you . let I buy you a beer and get this thing straighten out , hunh ? camera pan to the man in the booth and we hear Mann 's footstep again . mann' voice look ; mister , I be sorry I irritate you . let I -~-- back to mann . 174 a hopeless look on he face . mann' thought no. ( beat ) if he ig let the whole thing drop , that would only get he angry again ... whichever one it be . ( agonize fury ) which one ! ( x ) he avert he eye , stare at the table , drain by indecision ; ( * ) start as the waitress enter frame and set down the sandwich and the bottle of beer , a small tin of aspirin tablet . continued e mis 174 175 #34111 37 continued 174 waitress 5 anything else ? mann uh...no ; no , thank you . he open the tin of aspirin and take out two tablet as the waitress make out the check and toss it on the table , turn away . Mann glance up at she . mann' thought ( irritably ) what 's with you ?... I just snubbe oo you boss ? you husband ? you boy friend ?... or do aspirin tag I a sissy in this place . he wash down the tablet with a swallow of beer . setting down the sweaty bottle , he take a bite of the sandwich , srimace . mann' thought when do you buy this bread , last Christmas ? he chew doggedly , finally draw a piece of leathery ham from between he tooth and look at it distastefully . mann ( sotto voce ) . and what shoe do this come off ? he sigh and take another bite of the sandwich . chew , he look to one side . angle past wall pay telephone ~ toward mann 175 he do not make anything of it at first . then he eye focus on the telephone . mann' thought what if I call the local police ? told they what be happen ? camera start to move in on he . mann' thought then , I would have to stay here , lose more time . ( beat ) what if that guy stay too ? actually talk to the police ? naturally , he would {x ) deny everything . I have no proof ; I be sure none of this people would back I up . the cop would probably continued hi , sn 175 176 177 178 179 180 isi 182 #34111 38 continued 175 mann' thought ( cont would ) believe he . then , after they be go , he would take it out on I again , only worse . he be in close shot now , the torment evident on he face . abruptly , he put the sandwich on the plate and push the plate away from himself , draw in a shudder breath . mann' thought {a cry for help ) what be I gonna do ? several moment pass . abruptly , then , he gaze leap toward the front of the counter . point of view shot ~ man at counter 176 get up and move toward the cash register . 1 : close on mann 177 watch tensely . point of view shot ~ man 178 step at the cash register and set down the check , reach into he pants pocket . mann 179 watch . point of view shot - man and waitress 180 the man take two crumpled dollar bill from the pocket of he pants and toss they onto the glass case . the waitress pick they up . mann 181 watch ; tension building . point of view shot - man and waitress 182 the waitress give the man he change and , take a toothpick from its dispenser , the man turn for the door , stick the change into he pants pocket . & mle 183 184 185 186 187 18a 189 190 191 #34111 39 close on mann 183 watch ; wait ; sit woodenly , he face a mask , point of view shot - man 184 go outside , he move out of sight . mann 185 wait , statue-like . suddenly , he react . point of view shot ~- front window 186 camera move in quickly on the window as the man drive by outside in the pick - up truck . close on mann 187 the juke bbx music reach a howling , pound crescendo of jazz , then stop . in the sudden , deathly silence , Mann 's gaze jump to the man in the front booth . point of view shot - man in front booth 188 he back to camera as he eat . he lean over and put a coin in the juke box selector . mann 189 stare at the man . he twitches as juke box music start with a crash chord , the same jazz piece again . swallow , he draw a breath , eye fix on the man . point of view shot - man in front booth 190 camera hold on he . mann 1921 tension mount visibly on he face and in he posture . camera move in slowly on he face until it fill the screen . suddenly , he jar to he foot , camera pull away to show he grab up the check and move toward the front of the cafe , look at the man . 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 e001 40 point of view shot - man camera approach he . moving shot - close on mann move resolutely toward the front booth . his mouth tighten as he notice the man 's leave hand . point of view shot - man gamera move in on he leave hand hold a sandwich . it be square and darkly tan with large vein knotted on its sur - face . close on mann as he stop beside the table , glaring down at the man with a combination of fear and hatred . 1 point of view shot - man eat he sandwich stolidly . up angle on mann gaze down at the man . point of view shot - man turn he head slowly to lock up at Mann . camera withdraw to include Mann , in the b.g. , the waitress , owner and two man 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 start ‘to watch as the conversation progress , pitch above the volume of the juke box msic . man you want somethin' ? mann ( tightly con - troll ) I want you to cut it out . man what ? mann you hear I . continued bey , mis 198 #3401 41 continued 198 man cut what out ? mann ( voice shaking ) let 's not play game . man what the .... ( x ) ( hell be you talk about ) mann : ( cut he off ) I can call the police , you know . man Police ? mann you think I will not ? well , you be wrong , mister . ( point shakily toward the truck ) you can not use that .. rig of yours as a murder weapon and think nobody 's go to say a thing about it . I get news for you . you be wrong . he glare at the man , breathe hard , ready to blow . the man glance toward the people in the b.g. , grin a little , then look back at Mann . man ( contemptuously ) man , you need help . it all explode in Mann and , with a madden look , he slap the sandwich from the man 's hand . mann do not tell I I need help , you lousy --! he break off startledly as the man lunge up at he , suddenly enraged . they grapple for a moment , then the man drive a short right to Mann 's stomach . Mann double over , clutching at he stomach , he face go blank . the man deliver a wild haymaker with he leave , hit Mann on the shoulder and knock he against the table of the booth . the owner start to run around the counter angrily . continued mle = # 34111 . 42 e@ 198 continued - 2 198 5 owner hey ! hey ! 199 reverse shot ~ toward wall 199 the man grab Mann by the leave arm and jerk he back on he foot . man ( viciously ) who d'ya think you be knockin ' my san' wich out o' my hand ! owner you wanna fight , go on outside ! man damn right I wanna fight ! I wanna knock this creep 's head off ! owner y'already hit he twice ! what more d'ya want ? I wanna --! owner ( cut he off ) can not ya ' see he 's sick ? he can not fight no one ! the man glare at Mann , slowly regain control of himself . man creep come up and knock my san' wich out o' my hand . owner ( try to settle thing ) come on , I will make ya ' another one . the man make a sound of angry resistance but allow the owner to turn he away . the juke box music stop . owner ( to Mann ) why do not you get out o' here ? Mann can not respond , hold both hand press against he stomach . the owner and the man move out of frame and continued 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 #3411l > 43 continued 199 camera move in on Mann . he close he eye , wince , make a soft , gag noise . after a few moment , he look up as the o.s. man speak . man anh , forget it , I don ' wanna stay here anyway . Mann stare at the man , cring slightly as the man enter frame and snatch he check off the table , turn out of frame again . Mann keep watch he . point of view shot - man 200 move to the cash register . angle past man - toward mann 201 Mann watch as the man pay he bill and , turn , move out of frame . Mann 's head start to turn . close on mann 202 complete the turn of he head to watch the man open the o.s. door and go outside . the door. shut . point of view shot - man 203 move out of sight . mann 204 push slowly to he foot and move to the window , camera move with he . he stop . point of view shot ~ man 205 stride angrily across the ground . the truck and trailer be in b.g. but the man do not seem to be head for they . ext . cafe - angle through window - mann 206 he expression alter as he see what 's happen . . m 1 207 208 209 210 #34111 44 int . cafe - close on mann his expression become one of shock . point of view shot - man get into the other truck . close on mann look abruptly toward the truck and trailer . point of view shot ~ truck and trailer on the other side of the truck , we see the leg of the driver and that of the attendant . camera zoom in on the pants and nondescript shoe of the driver . fade out : end of act three 207 208 209 210 i , al 211 212 213 214 215 216 #34111 45 act_four fade in ext , cafe - angle through window - mann 211 so appal that he can scarcely register what 's happen . o.s. , the other truck motor be switch on and , after several moment , the reflection of the truck pass on the window as the man drive it past the cafe and out of sight . int . cafe - close on mann 212 stare out the window . after several moment , he turn away and move to the booth , camera draw around to show the other in b.g. , look at he , he stop and stare at the 0:8. wall with daze , unblink eye . second pass , suddenly , he jerk he head around as he hear the sound of the truck motor be turn on , point of view shot - truck and trailer : 213 slowly start to roll away from the gas pump . close on mann 214 watch it , stunne . suddenly , it all erupt inside of he again and he lunge for the door , camera draw around to follow he movement . the owner call out as Mann jerk open the door . owner hey ! ext . cafe - angle on door . 215 as Mann run out and race toward the truck , he expression half mad . in the cafe , the owner rush after he , camera start to pull ahead of Mann . point of view shot ~ truck 216 the driver shift gear and it travel faster toward the highway . 218 219 #34111 46 moving shot - mann 217 chase the truck with a sense of martyre outrage . in b.g. , the owner of the cafe run after he , Mann reach the rear of the trailer , start along its side , shouting , he voice unheard because of the grind volume of the truck 's motor . . mann do not you run away from I , you spineless fink . you wanna fight , ( X ) let 's fight like mene do not hide inside that crummy truck , you dirty , stinking .... the truck begin outdistance he . his shouting become audible . ( x ) mann stop , damnit ! stop ! ( x ) gradually , the truck pull out of frame and Mann stop run , stand there , panting , stare after it . angle past mann - toward truck , 218 as it move onto the highway , pick up speed . the owner run into frame and stop . owner ( breathlessly ) what d'ya think you be doin ' , mister ? Mann look at he , then back at the truck . owner I be talkin’ t'ya , mister ! mann noverlapp on ' talkin ' ; savagely ) nothing ! I be do nothing ! he look back toward the truck . the owner gaze at he , perplex by he behavior . the truck recede down the highway , move around a distant hill and disappear . Mann shudder . he suck in tremble breath . int , cafe - close on wall pay telephone 219 as Mann 's hand slip quarter and dime into the slot , then pull out of frame . camera withdraw to show he stand by the telephone , the receiver at he ear and lip . after several moment , someone answer on the other end of the line . continued al 219 220 221 222 #34111 47 continued 219 mann Mr. forbe , please . David Mann call . ( listen ) oh , I see . could I leave a message then ? ( listen ) I have a three - thirty appointment with Mr. forbe . would you tell he I have have some car trouble and will not be able to make it . ( listen ) how long be he in the office after lunch ? ( listen ) I should be there before ( X ) then , would you tell he I will phone as soon as I arrive ? ( listen ) thank you , hanging up , he turn toward the front of the cafe . t angle from front of cafe 220 Mann remove a money clip from he trouser pocket , take two dollar bill from it , and , stop by the register , set they on the glass case with the check . the owner take the money , stick the check in its register slot and ring up the sale . he take Mann 's change from the register drawer and dump it on the glass case . Mann pick it up , put down a quarter . mann ( mutedly ) would you give this to --- ? he gesture toward the waitress with he head , without wait for a answer , he turn for the door . ext . cafe - angle on door 221 as Mann come out , the people inside begin to discuss what happen . camera move with Mann as he turn the the right and walk to the end of the cafe , turn . moving shot - mann 222 camera pull ahead of he as he walk toward the car . al 223 224 225 226 227 '' @ #34111 48 int . car ~ angle toward cafe 223 Mann approach . he reach the car and get inside , take the key ring out of he trouser pocket and insert the ig - nition key , then close he eye , draw in a long breath through he nostril and exhales it slowly . mann' thought right ; it 's over , open he eye after a few moment , he reach into the back seat for he suit coat , remove a box of thin cigar from a inside pocket and light one . blow out smoke with a sigh , he switch on the motor , put the transmission into reverse and turn leave as he back away from the fence . he brake , put the transmission into drive and turn toward the highway . mann' thought I will take my time . mann just take my time . t angle from highway ~ toward cafe 224 Mann drive he car past the cafe and angle toward the high - way , start to drive past camera . int . car - mann 225 smoking and try to relax as he drive . mann' thought no need to hurry now . I will just eruise along at thirty , let that { X ) idiot get out of range . moving shot - mann' car 226 move along the highway at thirty mile a hour . a car come up behind he , pull into the opposite lane and pass . int . car - mann 227 grunt with amusement . continued al e@ 227 228 229 230 #34111 49 continued 227 mann' thought do not go too fast , buddy or you will catch up to the bloody Red Baron . his expression cease to be one of amusement as a think eccur to he . mann' thought Lord , maybe that 's how my friend , the ( X ) sadist , while he time away ; pick on innocent driver , ( pause ; repell ) oh , wow . be that possible ? he blow out a soft , whistling breath and shake he head . helicopter shot - mann' car 228 move along the two - lane highway at thirty mile a hour . int . car 's angle past mann - toward highway ahead - later 229 he have finish the cigar and be tamping it out in the ash - tray . the highway ahead curve gradually to the leave , dis - appear behind a hill . mann' thought well , outside of crazy Jack , it 's not too bad a day for drive . highway nice and empty . he chuckle . mann' thought maybe everybody stay at home when crazy Jack be out . , reverse angle 230 his car have pick up speed a little and he let up on the accelerator pedal . mann 's thought easy do it , boy . thirty mile a hour , no faster . ( pause ) I will just take my time . ( pause ) take my sweet it --- his think voice terminate abruptly as he see , ahead : 233 234 for 235 236 #34111 50 the truck and trailer - mann' point of view 231 in the distance creep along the highway at approximately fifteen mile a hour . mann 232 stare at the truck , half furious , half fearful . mann ( bitterly ) and he will take he ... just wait for I . he slow down , gaze move to the right . point of view shot - gas station 233 about a hundred and fifty yard ahead : old and batter with some low structure in back , a office shack near the pump . i int . car - mann 234 face harden as he decide what to do . mann all right ; if that 's the way you want it . he speed up and , reach the station , turn in beside the pump and brake . he open the door abruptly . ext . station - angle on car 235 Mann get out of the car , slam the door and start around the back of the car , head for the office . camera draw ahead of he . mann ( sotto voce ) that do it , Jack . moving shot - angle past mann ~ toward office 236 a Old Lady wear stain , fingerless glove , emerge from the office . continued al 236 237 #34111 51 con tinued 236 old lady help you , mister ? Mann gesture toward the office with he head . mann telephone in there ? old lady ( point ) out in back . mann ( change direction ) thank you . old lady ( accusingly ) somethin 's fer yer car ? Mann slow down , look at she . . ' mann uh...well , see whatever ethyl you can get in the tank . . old lady ( mollify ) all right . she start for he car , he for the telephone . mann ( across he shoulder ) and you might check the radiator hose . moving shot - angle past mann ~ toward old lady 237 old lady I will do that . ( pause ) take a look at my snake if y'have time . Mann glance around in surprise . mann you --~- ? continued al e 237 238 239 240 241 242 243 #34111 52 continued 237 the Old Lady have turn away and do not hear , still walk - ing , Mann look to he leave , react . moving point of view shot - the low structure 238 cage , above they a sign which read sally snakerama station . moving shot ~- mann 239 make a sound of grim amusement . mann that 's all I need . angle toward shack - mann 240 approach . as he reach f.g. and move out of frame , camera jerk around so that it point toward the highway ahead , it zoom in on the truck and trailer park on the shoulder . the driver stand beside it , look toward the station , too far away to be see except as a figure obviously watch Mann . int . cage - close on rattlesnake's eye 2a ) for a moment or two we should believe the eye to be that of the truck driver . then camera withdraw , revealing the snake , its head rear . 0.s. , we hear the sound of Mann 's pass footstep . moving shot - angle past mann - toward snake 242 Mann look at it as he walk by the cage . Inside the cage be a number of snake , most of they coiled in lethargic heaps , asleep . Mann make a sound , he smile without humor . reaching the telephone booth , he go inside . int , telephone booth - angle past mann - toward snake 24 : mutter to himself as he fumble in he pocket for change . mann what a place to put a phone booth . he pull out change and dump it on the shelf beside the phone . continued : 244 € #34111 53 continued 243 mann right beside snakerama . he have to smile . then , groan softly , he pick up a dime and slip it into its slot , dial the operator . mann ( sing softly ; quaveringly ) what_a day this have be . camera slowly pan as he speak , stop when it point toward the highway ahead . the truck be move . mann give I the police , please . ( listen ) whichever be closer . ( listen ; read the number on the dial ) 985-4321 . ( X ) ' we wait . in the distant b.g. , the truck have just complete a u-turn and be start back toward the station . reverse angle 244 Mann 's back to camera . wait , he whistle softly to he - self . after several moment , there be a answer on the other end of the line . mann I would like to report a truck driver . he listen , talk again . mann a truck driver . he 's be endanger - ing my life . on highway -- nbreak off ) all right . he draw in weary breath ; exhales . mann ocontinue the song quaveringly ) what _a rare mood I be in . faintly now , the sound of the truck motor be hear . Little by little , it grow in volume . continued tee , al 244 245 246 247 248 249 #34111 54 continued mann : ( enunciate ) I '@ like to report a truck driver who 's be endangering my life . ( listen ) David Mann . ( listen ) yes , two " n 's " . ( listen ) 2490 eldorado Road . by now the sound of the approach truck have get quite loud . Mann start to turn . mann Center City . he break off , horrify , at what he see . point of view shot ~ truck and trailer head ¢traight for the . telephone booth . close on mann freeze , gape at the truck and trailer . angle past mann - toward truck and trailer the truck about twenty yard distant , juggernaute toward the telephone booth . abruptly , Mann drop the receiver and lurch from the booth , turn leave and race for he life . up angle on mann as he stumble , lose balance and pitch to the ground , break the fall with he hand . in the b.g. the truck smashes the telephone booth off its base , mangle and fling it aside . angle toward mann and rear of trailer as the truck driver turn back toward the highway , the trailer smashes against the cage , break they apart . Mann shove to he foot , then topple , wince , as he ankle give , camera zoom in on he as he look toward the shattered snake cage . 246 245 246 247 248 246 al 250 251 252 #34111 55 point of view shot - cage 250 snake flung out and crawl in all direction , several toward camera . down angle on mann 251 he cry out in shock as one of the rattlesnake fly by he . he struggle to he foot , hiss at the pain in he ankle , start to run limpingly toward the car . another rattlesnake slither toward he . with a revolt sound , Mann change direction , skirt the snake . move camera draw around he , angle up to show , first , the truck and trailer recede down the highway , then the old lady rush toward Mann , she expression one of angry shock . QLD lady why would he do that ? ( xx ) Mann , too stunne to answer , keep run for he car , limping painfully . she grab he arm to stop he . i old lady '' why would he do that ? why would he break my cage up ? mann ( panting ; numbly ) call the police . he jerk away and run for he car . old lady ( shouting after he ) with what ?! that phone 's the only one I get ! she look away , grimace with pain at the sight of she snake . old lady my snake ! she rush toward they . angle past OPEN hood of car - toward mann 252 in the b.g. , the old lady rush among she snake , start to pick they up one by one . Mann slam down the hood and run around the car , camera pan with he . yanking open the door , he jar in clumsily behind the steering wheel and , twist the ignition key , start the motor . jerk the continued whee , ie , al 252 253 254 255 #34111 continued transmission shift to drive , he floor the accelerator pedal . 56 the tire spin , and the car shoot out of frame . moving shot - mann' car speed down the highway . int . car ~ close on mann still in a state of shock from what have just occur . fumble , he draw the harness strap across he chest and after awhile , he look into the rear clip it into place . view mirror and react . point of view shot - rear view mirror camera move in on the reflection of the truck and trailer , follow , he again . end of act four fade out 252 253 254 255 al 256 257 258 259 260 261 #34111 57 act five fade in int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 256 Mann press down on the accelerator pedal and he car surge forward . then reaction set in and he shake he head jerkingly . mann oh , no. ( draw in shaky breath ) not again . he look ahead as he car start into a curve which turn to the right around a hill . point of view shot - highway 257 as the car turn the curve , we see a old barn ahead , set back | several dozen yard from the highway , a one - lane road beside it . angle past mann - toward rear of car 258 the truck and trailer hide from view behind the hill . Mann start to slow down . angle across highway - toward side road 259 the tire of Mann 's car squealing as he turn into the road . angle from edge of barn - toward highway . 260 Mann turn in and drive behind the barn just before the truck and trailer appear around the curve . int . car - angle past mann - toward highway ahead 261 as he bolt to a halt at the other end of the barn , body strain against the harness strap . 0.s. , we hear the motor of the truck , then the truck and trailer appear , move down the highway . Mann slump , rub at he neck . camera draw around he slowly as the truck and trailer move out of sight . he reach forward and switch off the motor . mann' thought highway 's all yours , Jack . I be not budging for at least a hour . continued al # 34111 58 261 continued 261 he sigh . mann' thought maybe the police 'li pull you in by then , maybe they will not . mann but at least you will be far away . from I . ( beat ) even at fifteen mile a hour . he look at he palm , grimace at they scrape condition . take a handkerchief from he trouser pocket , - he begin to wet it with he tongue and clean the dirt stain off he palm . after awhile , he manage a wince smile . we hear the sound of a telephone ringing . someone pick up the receiver . wife's voice hello ? mann' voice ' hi , honey . I have arrive , wife's voice oh , good , do you have a nice trip ? Mann make a sound of pain amusement as he continue clean off he palm . 262 high angle long shot - car beside barn 262 very still . a scene of peace . somewhere , a bird chirp . camera hold . 263 int . car - angle on mann - toward rear of car — ( fantasy } 26 : ( X ) his face a mask of terror . the truck front fill the back window , its motor howling . Mann glance toward the speed ~ ometer , react . 264 point of view shot - speedometer - ( fantasy ) 26 x register 120 mile a hour . suddenly , the sound of a % apocolyptic crash . . map 265 through 267 268 269 270 271 272 #34111 59 ( X ) 265 omitted through 267 int . car - closeup - mann 268 as he open he eye with a grunt of shock , face wet with perspiration . for several moment , he cannot collect he thought and stare ahead blankly . then he sit up , rub he eye . he look around sleepily for several second before look at the dashboard clock . point of view shot ~ dashboard clock 269 ten minute after two . mann' voice oh , boy . mann { : 270 yawning , he pick up he handkerchief to dry he face . mann' thought I will not be see forbe today , that 's for sure . he look at he palm and make a worried noise . mann gotta get this clean off . with a sigh , he reach forward and turn the ignition key - the motor start . Mann put the transmission into reverse and twist around to look as he begin to back up . angle on one - lane road 271 Mann back he car past the edge of the barn and onto the road , brake , put the transmission into drive and start back toward the highway , camera pan to follow the car 's movement . angle from highway - toward car 272 Mann steer onto the highway and pick up speed , drive past camera . al 273 274 275 276 277 278 34111 60 int . car - angle past mann - toward rear of car 273 mann' thought and so electronico 's number one salesman , David Mann , continue on he merry way . {x x} ( pause ) well , number two or three anyway . ( X ) he manage a sleepy smile , then yawn , groan . mann what a day . he lean forward and turn on the radio , adjust the volume so the music play softly , then straighten up . a few moment pass . he begin to whistle under he breath , then stop abruptiy , look stunne , as he see ahead : truck and trailer - mann' point of view 274 pull off the shoulder and onto the highway several hundred yard ahead . int , car - mann 275 mindless reflex drive he right foot down against the brake pedal . the car skid to a halt , Mann gape toward the truck . mann' thought he wait for I . ( pause ; aghast ) wait . point of view shot - truck and trailer 276 pull off the highway ahead and stop . close on mann 275 stare at the truck and trailer . mann _ ( stunne ) God help I , he be crazy . ( x ) a sudden horn blast behind make he twist around , gasp . angle on mann 27 as.he complete he turn to look back at the highway , reacting to what he see . al 279 280 281 282 #34111 61 point of view shot ~ station wagon 279 bear down on he at high speed . suddenly , it veer off toward the opposite lane . angle past mann - toward station wagon 280 Mann jerk around to watch it hurtle past he car , rear end snap back and forth , back tire screeching . camera draw around quickly to follow the movement of the station wagon . as it pass , we see the twisted feature of the man inside , he lip move rapidly as he curse Mann . camera keep move , then stop as we see the station wagon swerving back into the proper lane , horn honk angrily . Mann be still in f.g. , watch it . the station wagon pass the truck and move off . mann n's thought he can pass the truck , ( beat ) I be the only one who can not . ( beat ) ' the one who 's be single out . drawing in a shaking breath , he pull he car onto the shoulder and stop again , turn off the motor . mann' thought well , I will not play , Charlie . ( pause ; bitterly ) we can sit here for a week . close on mann 281 look at the truck , anger start the build in he again . he snap off the radio , straighten up . mann ( mutter ) and still no police ? ( pause ; look around ) what be this , the forget highway ? he wince , start to rub he neck . after awhile , he stop and lower he arm , stare at the truck . mann' thought now what ? point of view shot - truck and trailer 28 : park on the shoulder ahead , ' continued jes # 34111 62 282 continued 282 mann' thought if I get out and try to walk to he , 1 he will only pull away and park a little farther down the highway ...he ( x ) do not want talk -- he want torture . 283 close on mann 283 mann' thought ( with mount fury ) he be not go to let it go . ( pause ) he 's-just-not-going - to-let-it- go. ix ) on a sudden , angry impulse , he turn on the motor , snap the transmission into drive and stamp down on the accelerator pedal . 284 angle on rear of car 284 i the tire spin sizzlingly on the shoulder , shoot up dirt , then the car jolt forward onto the highway , move away from camera toward the distant trunk and trailer . £ 285 close on mann 285 face go rigid as he see what the truck driver be do . 286 point of view shot - truck and trailer 286 start to pull off the shoulder . 287 close on mann 287 enrage , he floor the pedal . 288 angle past mann - toward highway ahead 288 it be apparent that Mann can not make it , that the truck will block he way if he continue . 289 closeup ~- mann 28s mann' thought not he brake , slow down , then turn in toward the shoulder again . jes 290 291 292 293 #34111 63 angle from shoulder Mann 's car head for camera , the windshield stop in close f.g. Mann look toward the truck with hatred . point of view shot - truck and trailer pull off the highway onto the shoulder again ; stop . angle through windshield Mann 's word unheard as he curse at the truck driver . mann you maniac , you dirty --- int . car - close on mann Voice tremble as he finish he sentence . t - mann I would like to kill you . his motor be still run , the transmission in neutral . switch it off and draw in shaking breath , exhales it raggedly . mann' thought now what ? ( beat ) turn around and head back east until I reach a cut - off that will take I there by another route ? ( beat ) how do I know he would not follow I even then ? he probably would . his cheek twitch as he bite he lip together . mann' thought no ! I be not go to turn around ! I be not ! ( pause ; shakily ) why be he do this ? do he know who I be ? do I do something to he once without even know it ? ( beat ) why ?! he can not remain inside the car ; it feel like a trap to he . he yank up the handle and push out the door . 290 291 292 ( X ) 293 ( X ) jes e@ 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 a #34111 64 ext . car - angle on mann 294 as he get out , slam the door , pace to the rear of the car . mann' thought ( angrily ) what 's the difference , why ? he 's do it , that 's all that matter . he turn and walk back toward the front , turn again , then whirl and start to move toward the truck with long , vengeful stride , camera pull ahead of he . 0.s. , the distant truck motor be turn on . Mann stop . point of view shot - truck and trailer 295 park on the shoulder , its motor run . mann 296 watch it , eye hood , he expression one of murderous animosity . abruptly , hé start to run toward it . moving shot - angle past mann - toward highway ahead 297 the truck and trailer start to pull back toward the highway . Mann run faster . the truck and trailer pick up speed . Mann stop run and , after a few moment , the truck and trailer pull back onto the shoulder , stop . close on mann 298 stare at the truck , breathe hard . camera move in on he face , which reflect the malignance he feel toward the truck driver . mann' thought if I hada rifle .... point of view shot - truck and trailer 299 we hear a rifle shot , then the noise of the trailer gas tank explode . close on mann 300 after several moment , he turn and walk back toward he car , move away from camera . jes 301 302 303 304 305 #34111 65 angle past car - toward mann returning to the car and stop beside it , wonder what to do . his eye shift - as he see a car approach . point of view shot - sedan approach down the highway at a slow speed . close on mann watch the car . abruptly , he move toward the highway . angle past mann be car - toward highway Mann step onto the pave and raise he arm to flag down the car . there be a elderly couple in the front seat , the man drive . the old man slow down and pull over to the shoulder , brake he car about ten yard behind mann's . Mann walk over to the driver 's window , stop . : angle past mann - toward elderly couple old man car trouble ? mann in away . I wonder if you would do I a favor . old man {suspicious now ) what 's that ? mann would you stop at the first tele - phone booth you come to and call the police ? old man ( alarmed ) Police ? Mann gesture toward the truck with he head . mann you see that truck ? the old man glance toward the truck , as do he wife . continue 301 302 303 304 305 jes @ 305 é 306 307 #34111 66 continued 305 old lady ( overlap on " that " ) mister , we do not want any trouble . mann . you will not have any trouble . all I be ask you to do be --- old lady ( cut in ) Jim , we would better go . faintly , the sound of the truck motor reach audibility . Mann be too distraught to notice . mann ( voice rise ) ma'am , all I be ask you to do be make a phone call . t old lady . ( tensely ) jin . . mann my life 's in danger . can not you even --- ? old man ( break in ) I be sorry , mister . mann ( finish ) ~~ make a phone call for I ? the old lady look abruptly toward the truck and trailer . old lady ( shocked ) Jim ! both Mann and the old man look , react . point of view shot ~ truck and trailer 306 back along the shoulder , head for Mann 's car . angle on elderly couple' car 307 the old man throw he transmission into reverse and start to back up quickly . Mann jerk around . ' continued tty , jes 307 308 309 310 311 312 313 314 315 #34111 67 continued 307 mann wait ! the car be already out of he reach . he whirl back toward the truck and trailer . point of view shot ~ truck and trailer 308 back toward Mann 's car with increase speed . camera withdraw to include ann look toward it . he start to back off . moving shot - mann 309 back off , breath erratic , terror enguif he again . point of view shot - truck and trailer 310 still come at he car . mann 311 turn suddenly to bolt toward the desert beside the highway , camera move with he as he run , he expression one of mind - less dread . he have reach the bottom and be run like a frighten child . he stumble , regains he foot and crash on . behind , o.s. , . the squealing brake of the truck be hear . Mann pay no attention to they , keep on flee . only as the squeal of brake get louder and no crash sound be hear , do he look back . see what he do make he slowdown , stop . point of view shot - mann' car and truck and trailer 312 the truck and trailer slow down , almost stop now . on mann 313 as he turn , look in the other direction . desert - mann' point of view 314 a endless , bleak and searingly hot landscape . on mann 315 as he turn back to face the highway . jes 316 317 #34111 68 angle from across highway - toward mann' car and truck 316 and trailer Mann in the desert , watch , as the trailer stop a few yard from the front of the car . the truck driver shift into first gear and the truck start move forward again . camera move with the trailer as it be pull about fifty yard down the highway and stop again . past the edge of the trailer , we can still see the figure of Mann stand , watch . the elderly couple speed by in they car . several moment pass . close shot - mann 317 face as hard as stone . mann' thought enough . mann ( huskily ) ! enough . mann' thought ( pause ) you -have - push - me~all - you be - go - to . drawing himself erect , he start back toward he car , walk slowly , resolutely , camera draw ahead of he . fade out end of act five sf , jes 318 319 320 321 322 323 #34111 69 act six fade in angle past car - toward mann 318 emerging from the desert , he walk around the front of the car . camera draw around until we see the truck park up ahead . Mann get in he car , start the motor and pull onto the highway , camera follow . the truck pull out ahead of he . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 319 Mann take a position about thirty yard behind the trailer . reverse angle - mann 320 ' look at the truck ahead , expression unchange . moment pass . his expression alter slightly toward suspicious curiosity , as he see what the truck driver be do . point of view shot - truck and trailer 321 the driver have he leave arm out the window , wave he on . close on mann 322 smiling with contempt . mann' thought another car come you want I to hit ? angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 322 after several moment , it seem apparent that there be no car come in the opposite direction . as the highway curve to the leave and Mann can see into the distance , it become a certainty . Mann grunt softly . mann' thought {still suspicious ) so what be you wave I on for ? ( scornfully ) I know ; you have repent . you regret we little misunderstanding . let bygone be bygone . ( a hiss noise ) sure . . 9 { x} jes # 34111 70 324 reverse angle - mann : 324 smiling tightly as he realize what the answer be . mann I get .it ; . it 's no fun this way , .. rl7 be it ? . mann' thought . a it 's only fun if I be in front of you and you can take a crack at kill I . mann well , tough bean , Charlie . i'm stay where I be . 325 angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 325 the driver pull in he arm and start to slow down . the tension in Mann 's voice bely he word . 1 mann oh , you be slow down ? okay . I will slow down too . a he do so . mann how 's that ? slow enough ? after several moment , the truck start slow down more . mann no ? all right . I will just slow down a little more then . after awhile , the truck and trailer be steer toward the shoulder . mann ( with tight , false amiability ) oh , you be go to stop ? okay . I will stop too . he pull off the road and brake , tap the. transmission lever into Park position . mann how 's that , Charlie ? jes 326 327 328 #34111 71 close on mann - toward rear of car 326 his expression make it obvious that he deliberate raillery be hover above a seethe rage which may erupt at any moment . his smile be humorless . his eye , as he regards the truck , be steely . mann' thought two can play that game , you know . angle past mann ~- toward truck and trailer 327 moment pass . abruptly , Mann retrieve a cigar from he suit coat pocket and light it , blow out smoke . angle on mann - toward rear of car 328 smoke tensely . mann' thought ' be it go to be like this all day ? ( pause ) - obviously , he 's not on any kind of ( X ) schedule . or , if he be , he 's sure pay no attention to it . he begin to look at the truck with a analytic eye . mann' thought equally obviously , he want I to pass he . ( a long pause ) what if I do ? ( beat ) there have to be grade ahead with all that mountain . if I keep my speed at eighty - ninety mile a hour , he 's get to fall behind . his eye narrow as he make a final analysis of the situation and himself . camera move in slowly on he face . mann the only question be --- mann' thought ( continue he think ) do I have the nerve to maintain that kind of speed over a long distance ? I have never do it before . but then I have never go through this before . continued jes e@ 328 329 330 331 332 333 #34111 '' 72 continued o.s. , he tap he finger quickly and incessantly on the steering wheel rim as he think it over . camera stop when he face be in closeup . he stop tapping suddenly , face tightening as he decide . mann right . angle on mann ~ toward truck and trailer he press the cigar into the ashtray , then snap the tran ~ mission lever to drive position , gun the car along the shoulder , look into the side - view mirror and pull out onto the highway . up ahead , the truck pull out . Mann move up behind it rapidly , ease out to see if any car be come in the opposite direction , then , see none , speed into the other lane . moving shot ~ car Mann start to pull along the side of the trailer . he keep glance at the truck , prepare to react if the driver try to ferce he off the road . the trailer remain in place . Mann 's car pick up speed and he start to pass the truck . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer Mann remain tense , prepare for anything , throw con - stant glance toward the truck . when nothing happen , he floor the accelerator pedal and start to pass the truck quickly . '' moving shot - rear of mann' car 5 camera retain the speed of the truck , stay beside it as Mann 's car draw away and be steer back into the proper lane . immediately , the truck begin to pick up speed . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer he look into the rear-view mirror , see that the truck and trailer be go faster and smile grimly . mann I think so . his expression harden as he press down on the accelerator pedal . continued 328 329 330 331 332 333 not 333 5334 335 336 337 338 339 340 #34111 73 continued 333 mann be thought all right , Charlie . let 's see you beat I now . mann here we go . moving shot - on . rear of car 334 as it roar away from camera , move into the distance . after a while the truck catch up to and begin to pass the camera . helicopter shot ~ car and truck and trailer 335 move rapidly along the two -lane highway . angle past mann . - toward truck and trailer 336 his face masklike with determination as he drive . he glance into the rear view mirror , reaction show in he eye . he press down further on the accelerator pedal , look at the speedometer and swallow , ' unnerve despite he resolution . insert ~- speedometer 337 he be go 87 mile a hour . angle past BUSH - toward . car 338 the bush , shaking a little as the car shoot by , camera whip pan to follow its movement down the highway . 0.5 . the roaring motor of the truck be hear approach . it speed past camera and the bush shake violentiy . int . car - angle past mann ~ toward . truck and trailer . . 339 , his expression beginning to lose its adamantine set as uneasiness about the speed he 's travel start to work on he . angle past beige sedan 340 park on the shoulder under a tree . a young couple inside be talk earnestly . Mann 's car go roaring past and the couple look toward it startledly . int , car - angle past mann ~ toward truck and trailer 341 he glance at the rear-view mirror angrily . behind , the truck speed past the park sedan . continued to not . 341 342 343 344 345 #34111 74 continued mann' thought call the police please ! he look at the speedometer , react . insert ~ speedometer registering 91 mile a hour . helicopter shot - car and truck and trailer . speed along the two -lane highway . camera draw around to show a overpass ahead . moving shot - angle over hood ~ toward mann he twitches as the shadow of the overpass whip across the hood and windshield . int . car ~ angle past mann - toward truck and trailer for . he glance at the rear-view mirror . clench he tooth , he look intently at the lane ahead . mann be '' thought '' there have to be some kind of town ahead . the freeway pass they , but not a highway as old as this . imagine , he start to slow down unconsciously . officer's voice glad you call we , Mr. Mann , and do not you worry , we will get he . we have be after he for some time now . you be not the first one who 's complain . ( voice start fade ) he 's really go to get it this time . the sound of the motor drown away the think voice . Mann . ghake himself and glance at the rear-view mirror again , reacting as he see that the truck be closer . his gaze dart to the speedometer and he react again , this time with fury at himself , jarring down on the accelerator pedal . mann do not slow down ! continued 341 ( X ) 342 343 344 345 not 345 346 347 348 349 351 #34111 75 continued mann be thought ( tightly ) you have get a murderer behind you ! he react , see something ahead . int . car - angle past mann - toward highway ahead a billboard read : slow down ! we don't like to get our customer that way ! jensen' mortuary . close on mann reacting to sign . we hear the sound of organ music , then a man 's sepulchral voice . man' voice David Mann be take from we far too soon . Mann force away the ugly imagination . t angle past mann - toward highway ahead the hill and mountain nearer now . mann be thought almost to the hill now . hang on . helicopter shot ~ car and truck and trailer the car rocketing toward the mountain . moving shot ~ car and truck and trailer camera pull straight ahead of Mann 's car as it speed along . in the b.g. , the truck and trailer follow . int . car - angle past mann - toward highway ahead he start , gasp , as a tumbleweed roll across the highway . he almost lose control of the car , then manage to regain it , jerk he leave hand down to the steering wheel . mann' thought do not lose you nerve . 345 346 347 ( x ) 348 349 350 351 a , not 352 353 354 355 356 #34111 76 close on mann 352 face harden . mann' thought that 's what he want ! -- for you to kill yourself ! he shake he head . mann ( gutterally ) no _ way . helicopter shot ~ car and truck and trailer 353 speed along the highway . int . car - angle past mann - toward highway ahead 354 the route ahead not straight now ; start to wind up toward the foothills . i mann' thought almost there . camera draw around he so the broad terrain to he leave be visible , hill blend into mountain . move along a distant road toward the highway be a dark sedan . Mann glance toward it ; tighten . mann' thought ( startledly ) be that a police car ? he look ahead , then glance at the car again . impul sively , he jam the heel of he right hand down against the horn bar , hold it in . the blast of he horn be shrill and rack . angle past mann - toward truck and . trailer 355 he keep glance toward the car and hold the horn bar in . suddenly , he let up on the bar . point of view - car 356 camera move in on it to show that it be just a black sedan with white lettering on its side . e 358 359 #34111 77 ( x ) angle past mann ~- toward truck 357 mann damn ! he glance into the rear-view mirror , chuckle . mann' voice I can just hear that cretin -- ( mimice ) ' you think you be gonna ' get a cop to save you , boy ? no siree , boy , you be gonna ' die ! 's mann' thought no , not I , you miserable ape . you ! '' you be go to die . mann ( finish the think aloud ) you hear I ? he fight for control . look ahead , he regains a measure of satisfaction . point of view shot ~ hill ahead 358 closer now , a long grade in the distance . mann' thought there it be . angle past mann ~- toward truck 359 mann' thought no matter how he try , he can not beat my speed on a grade like that . ( beat ) but I cant his smile be one of fierce elation . camera move in on he face . mann' thought fill that bathtub to the top , man . a drink in one hand , a cigar in the other -- and re-lax . continued é ac 359 360 361 362 363 364 365 366 #34111 78 continued 359 bis eye refocus on the highway ahead and he react to what e see , point of view shot - highway ahead 360 both lane block . there be a road repair sign and a huge plack arrow point toward the alternate route -- a gravel road angle to the right . close on mann' right foot 361 start to pump at the brake pedal . camera move up quickly to he face as he throw a look at the rear-view mirror . point of view shot - rear ~ view mirror 362 the truck gain on he . ' angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 363 his expression freezing as he start to steer onto the side road . angle over highway barrier 364 Mann 's car shoot by and onto the gravel road . camera whip pan to follow its movement as it start along the rutte surface , its rear end break toward the leave , then straight - ening out . moving shot - up angle on car . 365 as it jar along the road , tire batter at the rut , fly gravel pound at the under - frame . int . car - angle past mann ~ toward truck and trailer 36 € elbow brace against he side , try to keep . the steering wheel in position . the window rattle noisily . his neck snap back and forth with painful jerk . his jolting body surge against the bind of the safety harness , slam back and down against the seat . his clenching tooth slip suddenly and he ory out as he upper tooth gouge into he lower lip . his face contort as the right end of the car begin surging to the right . he start to jerk the steering wheel to the leave , then react as he realize that he should be do just the opposite . continued ac 366 367 368 369 370 371 372 373 374 #34111 19 continued 366 mann' thought to the right ! he wrench at the wheel . moving shot ~ car 367 camera pull ahead of the car as its right rear fender erack into a fence post , knock it down . int . car - angle past mann - toward road 368 he pump at the brake , struggle to regain control . the car rear start slide to the leave . moving shot - car 369 its back end yaw sharply to the leave , shoot out a spray of gravel , int . car - close on mann 370 he wrench at the steering wheel and the car begin to slip toward the right again . moving shot - car 371 careen from side to side of the road , its leave rear fender knock down a fence post before Mann finally get it back on course . int . car - mann 372 he cough abruptly as he gag on drip blood in he throat . angle on highway 373 Mann 's car regains the highway and pick up momentum , roaring off . o.s. , we hear the motor of the pursue truck . int , car - close on mann 374 dare to look , at the rear-view mirror again . ac 3 3 15 76 377 3 78 379 381 uy 80 #34211 80 point of view shot - rear -view mirror the truck negotiate the road , rock like a freighter on a storm - toss sea , huge tire scour up gravel . angle past mann - toward truck and trailer he shove in the accelerator pedal . mann' thought now . point of view shot - highway ahead a steep grade about a hundred yard ahead . angle past mann - toward truck he glance at the rear-view mirror , swallow some blood and cough as he see the truck and trailer back on the highway . | he pick up the handkerchief and press it 'to he bleed lip , eye fix anxiously on the slope ahead . angle past mann ~ toward slope the car be almost to it . mann' thought now ! up angle on slope as Mann 's ear shoot into frame and up the grade , move away from camera very fast . 0.s. , we hear the motor of the ap - proaching truck ; then it roar into frame and start up the grade . helicopter shot - car and truck and trailer the car increase the distance between it and the truck and trailer as they climb the grade . moving shot - angle on windshield of car - mann look into the rear-view mirror and make a exultant ( unheard ) sound , he expression one of angry triumph . camera hold , then slowly , start to pull back until the entire hood of the car be in f.g. camera stop and hold . after several moment , steam begin to issue from beneath the hood , camera zoom in on Mann 's Pace . 375 376 377 378 379 380 381 382 ac 383 384 385 386 387 389 #34111 81 int , car - close on . mann stare at the hood with shock - widen eye . mann ( feebly ) no . point of view shot - hood the steam increase . close on mann gaze jerk to the dashboard . point of view shot ~ dashboard the small square on the dashboard still darken . 1 angle past mann - toward truck and trailer he look up the siope . point of view shot - slope Long and gradual with many curve . angle on mann a daze look on he face . mann' thought I will never make it . mann ( as it hit he ) oh , my god --- camera zoom in on he face until it fill the screen . mann' thought ( whisper ) I be go to die ! moving shot - car and truck and trailer the car in f.g. , steam inérease , now a smoking mist . the distant b.g. , the truck keep come . 283 384 385 386 387 388 389 390 in ac 6 391 392 393 394 ty , 395 396 397 #34111 82 int , car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 391 his face set in a look of dread . point of view shot ~ hood 392 the steam increase . close on mann' eye 393 as the memory torture he . attendant's voice look like you could use a new radiator hose . he gasp , gaze shifting to the dashboard . point of view shot ~ dashboard 394 t camera zoom in on the square , now red , the word " hot " print on it in black letter . helicopter shot - car and truck and trailer 395 the car move slower , steam come from beneath the hood . the truck - and - trailer start to gain on it . int , car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 396 jerk at the transmission lever suddenly . mann' thought put it in low ! he glance at the pear-view mirror , reacting as he see the truck get closer . he look at the highway ahead , force to shift around to see clearly . reverse angle - toward hood 397 steam obscure the view . angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 398 camera move in on he face as he begin to hear the 0.8. throb of boil water in the radiator . ac e 399 400 hol 402 403 hou 4o5 #34111 83 helicopter shot - car and truck and trailer 399 the distance between they narrowing . moving shot - car 400 camera pull close ahead of it , the thumping of the radiator water get louder . int , car - angle past mann - toward hood 4 ol the steam be start to haze up the windshield . reaching out , Mann twist a dashboard knob and the wiper start flick back and forth in rapid , fan -shape sweep . reverse angle — past mann ~ toward truck 4oe camera move . in quickly on he face as the car begin to lureh and shudder , { mann ( nalf horrify , haif angry ) no ! moving shot - angle past car 4o3 as it labor up the grade , lose speed . in b.g. , the truck get closer . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer hou Mann stare at the slope ahead with haunt eye . yard by yard , the car be slow down . mann' thought ( plead ) make it . mann ( sotto voce ; plead ) make it . make it . helicopter shot - car and truck and trailer bos the car run more and more unevenly . ac 406 407 408 409 410 411 412 #34111 84 int , car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 406 the thumping percolation cf the radiator water very loud now . he stare at the slope ahead . point of view shot - slope ~ 4 o7 the car almost to the top . steam obscure the view . back to mann 408 glance at the rear-view mirror . see that the truck be closer yet , he press down on the accelerator pedal and the motor make a grind noise . Mann groan . mann' thought do not ! reverse angle past mann - toward hood hog 1 steam gush from beneath the hood , the ridgé ahead can just be make out . mann make it , make it . ( oeat ) please , God , make it . angle from ridge 410 at the approach car , the truck and trailer behind it in the distance . the car be shudder and clanking , slow down . it get closer , closer . finally , it reach f.g . int . car - angle on mann ~ toward rear of car bll as it move across the ridge and start descend . Mann shove the transmission into neutral and let the car go into a glide , switch off the motor . his look of triumph fade as he see what lie ahead . point of view shot - view ahead 412 the steam decrease rapidly with the motor turn off . there be nothing in sight but hill and more hill , the ear roll by a sign which read : " truck use low gear next 12 mile . " ac 413 41k 41 416 417 418 419 434111 85 angle past mann - toward rear of car he look into the rear-view mirror , a little encourage by the fact that the truck have not appear yet . he look at the speedometer . point of view shot ~ speedometer the car pick up speed slowly : 48 , 49 , 50 mile per hour . mann come on , come on . moving shot - car pick up speed as it roll down the grade . int . car ~ close on speedometer 52 , 53 , 54 , 55 mile per hour . camera up pan to Mann as he glance at the rear-view mirror , still no sign of the truck . he swallow dryly , rub at he neck . mann come on , faster . several moment later , he look up at the rear~view mirror again , reacting as he see the truck . angle past mann - toward rear of car camera zoom in on the top of the ridge , hold as the truck come over like some leviathan surfacing from a grey sea . moving shot - angle on car camera pull ahead and slightly to the leave of it . after awhile , move camera pan enough to the right to retain the car in shot as well as show the truck in the distance , pick up speed as it begin descend the grade . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer 413 ayy 416 i a m 2 438 4g Mann look at the rear-view mirror ; down at the grade again , breath quicken . stn , ac 420 hel 422 423 yeu hes 426 427 #34111 86 helicopter shot + car and truck and trailer the truck beginning to close the distance between they . int . car - angle past mann - toward truck and trailer Mann glance at the rear-view mirror again , tighten . he hesitates , then reach for the ignition key , pull back he hand with a worried sound . he look at the rear-view mirror , then at the speedometer . mann come gn ! camera pan quickly to the speedometer . the car be barely up to 60 mile a hour . helicopter shot - car at the far leave side of the screen , roll down the grade . after awhile , the front edge of the truck begin to ease into frame on the far right of the screen . int . car - angle past mann -— toward truck and trailer make a panicky sound as he look into the rear-view mirror to see the truck gain . his gaze drop quickly and he be - act as he notice something ahead . point of view shot ~- highway ahead a sedan speed up the grade in the other lane . angle past mann - toward opposite lane he twist he head to the side as the other car speed past . the sight madden he . he look at the grade ahead , camera draw around until it be in front of he and we can see the truck and trailer in b.g. , closer yet . Mann react at what he see ahead . point of view shot - grade level off ahead for a hundred yard or so . angle past mann ~ toward truck and trailer reaching out , he twist the ignition key , the motor make a grind noise but do not start . Mann look stunne . continued 420 422 423 yak 425 426 4o7 g ac 427 428 4ag 430 431 432 433 43h 435 #34111 87 continued he turn the key again and again with the same result . he look ahead , crush by total panic now . helicopter shot - car and truck and tratler camera pull straight ahead , angle down at they , the car slow down on the level area , then start down another slope , the truck close the gap between they more . int , car — angle past mann - toward truck and trailer the truck close behind , the high -pitch wail of its motor become audible to he . camera move in slowly on he face ; that of a man whe know he be about to die . moment pass . then , suddenly , he eye shift as he catch sight of some - thing ahead . point of yiew shot ~ grade ahead camera zoom in on a escape route for truck . angle past mann - toward truck and trailer Mann deliberate ; decide , angle prom escape route ~ toward car and truck and trailer approach camera , come closer and closer , just before the car reach the escapé route , camera zoom in on it . int . car - close on mann wrenching the steering wheel around , immediately , the car rear start break to the leave , tire shriek on the pavement , Mann steer with the skid , brake just enough to keep from lose all control . moving shot — car as it shoot onto the steep dirt trail at sixty mile a hour , tire slinging up a cloud of dust . int . car - angle on mann - toward dirt bank on right of car he brake and struggle with the steering wheel , tooth clench , 427 428 42g 430 432 833 43h 435 the 436 437 438 439 440 Wal 4u2 bys aay #34111 88 mgving shot - rear of car the wheel sideslip and the car slam against the dirt bank , bounce off and start to fishtail with violent , whipping motion , angle toward the trail edge on the leave . int , car - angle on mann - toward dirt bank brake as hard as he can . the car rear skid to the right and slam against the bank again . angle on car as Mann brake it to a hait on the steep incline . int . car — angle on mann - toward front of car his body surging against the harness , then be pull back , throw the transmission lever to park position , he turn toward the highway , react . point of view shot - through rear window the truck and trailer swerving off the highway , head for the escape route . angle on mann look through the rear window . paralyze cy shock , he seem to watch the approach truck with almost detachment . point of view shot - through rear window camera move toward the massive truck come at the car . close on mann as he wait to die . point of view shot - through rear window camera move toward the truck , a continuation of shot # 442 . the gargantuan shape come closer . a36 437 439 kao hey 44e aug kal ac 44 aay hag 450 451 4682 #34111 89 close on mann 45 a last , wild think occur to he . jerk around , he put the transmission into neutral and the car begin to roll backward down the steep incline , look into the rear - view mirrdr to help he steering , he twist the ignition key repeatedly . the motor will not start , but the car keep pick up speed . suddenly , the motor catch . he throw the transmission into reverse and jam down on the accelerator pedal . point of view shot - rear view mirror 446 the truck and trailer rush up the incline toward Mann 's car . angle past mann - toward truck and traller 447 close in rapidly on the car . from the look on Mann 's face , it seem as though he be about to sacrifice he life in order to ram the truck . then , with a shaking hand , he begin to unfasten the safety harness . : moving shot - angle past car - toward truck and trailer aug as they near each other , the truck driver beginning to brake as he see what Mann intend to do , int . car - angle past mann — toward truck and trailer bug when the two vehicle be so close that collision be in - evitable , Mann shove open the door and bail out . close on mann . 450 as he roll and bounce toward the edge of the trail , grab - bing a bush to keep from go over . scrabble around dizzily , he look toward the truck and trailer . point of view shot - car and truck and trailer 451 about to collide . full shot - car and truck and trailer 452 the film go into slow motion , the gas tank of Mann 's car explode as he car smashes into the front of the truck . flame obscure the driver 's view and the truck begin to yeer toward the edge , push Mann 's car ahead of it . 453 a5y 455 456 466 #34111 99 close on mann Film still in slow motion as he watch , point of view shot - truck and trailer and car Film still in slow motion . reaching the trail edge , the truck begin to tilt , tipping over like some ponderous beast , shove Mann 's car off the trail . mann watch , film still in slow motion . point of view shot ~ truck and trailer Film still in slow motion , its monstrous bulk begin to overturn , close on mann film still in slow motion as he stare at the toppling truck . point of view shot ~ truck and trailer Film still in slow motion as the tilting truck go over the edge , pull the trailer with it . close on mann the film return to normal speed . ©.8. , we hear the horrendous noise of the truck go down the slope . he turn to watch it . point of view shot - truck and trailer slide , capsize , down the hill toward a canyon below , huge wheel spin free . Mann 's car , in flame , have already hit the canyon floor . up angle on mann the first explosion take place below frame , the violence of its detonation cause Mann to roll clumsily onto the trail , a second explosion roar below frame , its hot wave buffete across he , his glaze eye start to look upward . 453 ask 455 456 457 458 459 460 ac 462 465 #34111 91 point of view shot - column of FIRE shoot toward the sky , follow by another . '' angle from trail edge Mann crawl slowly to the edge and peer down at the canyon . point of view shot - canyon enormous gust of flame tower upward from it , top by thick black , oily smoke . the truck and trailer can not be see . angle on mann as he look down at the burn truck and trailer , all feel drain from he . camera move in siowly on he face as emotion manifest itself ; not dread , not regret , not sicken withdrawal . as he face fill the screen , we see , instead , a expression of primevel victory clutch - ing at he feature -- the look of some ancestral brute regard the body of he vanquish foe . and from deep in he throat come a recidivistic blood cry . it be on this look and this sound 's thatthé picture freeze and the camera hold . final title move across the screen . fade out the end 462 463 465 ( X )