be - dumb and dumberer when Harry met Lloyd base on character create by Bobby farrelly & Peter farrelly & bennet yellin screenplay by Robert brener and Troy Miller production script int . delivery room - day black . we hear the sound of a woman in labor . doctor o.s. push ... that 's it . the darkness slowly give way to light as we reveal a smallish 60' style delivery room . super title : rhode island 1969 . doctor okay ... Mrs. dunne you be do great . there 's the head ... I can see it now ... congratulation , uhh , it 's ... go back in . mrs . dunne be confuse , as be the doctor and nurse . the doctor make another attempt . the doctor reach towards camera and we pull back into the blackness . fade up on white letter : h a rr y. a small baby hand reach in and turn the second " R " backwards ! doctor v.o . you be go to need to push harder . mrs . dunne v.o . it feel like he 's hold on . the doctor reach in and pull out a tiny foot . a tug-ofwar ensue between the baby foot and the large doctor hand , and it look like the baby 's win . doctor you get a shy one here . the doctor reach back in and pull out another foot . the foot kick they way out of the doctor 's hand . doctor ( cont would ) come out you little bastard ! mrs . dunne ( gasp ) I think it 's hold onto my lungsung - ung - ung . we see she chest shaking . the doctor reach in , yes - way in and feel around . doctor it 's a boy ! ow , he bit I . ( to nurse ) a little help . ext . dunne house ) moment later a Police car pull to a stop and the two patrolmen rush out . ext . dunne house backyard D day EIGHT year old harry , stand over a old well in the backyard . the Police approach as Harry pull up the end of a rope . ten -year old harry Captain Rob fall in the well ! help he ! Captain Rob , can you hear I !? the cop look anxiously down into the well bur see that it 's not a real ' well ' at all . officer dave now Harry we can not keep come out here get you ... friend out of trouble . you see it 's keep we from chase the real bad guy . ten -year old harry thanks for save Captain rob. ( hear 0.8 . ) okay - wait for I ! harry run off , leave the policeman a bit bewilder as mrs . dunne approach . mrs . dunne I be sorry David , he just get a little mix up sometimes . officer dave oh that 's okay . Harry 's a fine boy , overly active imagination be all . ten -year old harry o.s. Lay off the break , Captain Rob . pan to see Harry push a empty go - cart to the front yard . ext . dunne house - front yard - ten year later harry stand in the front yard look around for Captain Rob . a beat later Mrs. dunne appear in the doorway hold a roll up scroll . harry be it true what you say to Captain Rob ? mrs . dunne yes , Harry . I can not home school you anymore . so maybe it 's time to make some new friend , some friend you own age ... harry I be just not ready . dejected , Harry start back inside . Mrs. dunne stop he . mrs . dunne oh , I almost forget . Captain Rob leave this behind for you , he say count you step very carefully . she hand he a roll - up scroll . Harry brighten , he dream again alive . he unroll the scroll and we see he mother have draw a crude map , with a " X " mark the school . harry ( impressed ) wow , a treasure map ! what 's the treasure ? mrs . dunne it could be anything . you be go to discover a whole new world when you get to school . harry wow just like Marco polo . mrs . dunne I do not follow . harry you know Mom , like in the pool . she act like she get it . they have a deep heart - feel hug . mrs . dunne you be go to be just fine , harry . harry I know I be , Mom . mrs . dunne here 's you lunch . and a apple and banana for extra energy . harry ( excited ) maybe the treasure 's a chest full of apple and bananas ! mrs . dunne could be . sweet boy . she try to comb Harry 's hair , but the comb get stuck . harry Mom , you know that never work . mrs . dunne right . she pat down he hair with she hand . Harry put the banana in he pants pocket and start walk right . mrs . dunne ( cont would ) other leave . and now it 's nine hundred sixty seven . bye Harry ! I love you ! int . school basement - continuous angle on lloyd christmas , get he hair trim by he father , ray . ray ( choke up ) senior year . my little boy . who woulda thunk it ? ( as he cut ) you be a good kid , Lloyd . I do not say it enough , but I be proud of you son . lloyd ( in the bowl , echoe ) thanks , pop. ray pull the bowl off he head and dust he off . ray here 's for not cry . ray hand he a lollipop from the pile of chew gum . ray ( cont would ) School 's gonna open soon . go get clean up . lloyd key , please . ray throw he a huge ring of key . Lloyd catch it and do a quick spin with they , like a ninja-locksmith . music / title begin ( or ) continue int . school hallway - morning exiting a door that read ' custodian closet ' , Lloyd dance along to a fast pace rhythm . he walk past the gymnasium ( and a sign read " Boy 's shower " ) . int . school hallway - moment later lloyd enter a door that read , " chemistry Lab " . int . chemistry CLASS - moment later a poster on the wall read : ' Chemical shower - for use in case of contamination only ! ' and a draw of a man pull a chain over he head . lloyd still sing as he pull the chain , which start the extremely brief fire extinguisher - like chemical shower . he pull again and again while soap up . he shake himself off , refresh . int . cafeteria - moment later tight shot on napkin dispenser , Lloyd 's hand delicately pull one napkin out - the last one . still sing , we reveal , lloyd , he wet naked body plaster with hundred of paper napkin he 's be use to dry himself . he walk off do a impression of a mummy . int . auto shop - moment later lloyd , still cover in napkin , press a button and a massive paint drying fan fire up . all the napkin fly off he , as Lloyd back up , step on a floor-creeper which roll quickly out of frame . sfx : crash reveal Lloyd have land in a spill - barrel of transmission fluid . smash CUT to : int . chemistry CLASS - moment later once again Lloyd shower , and shake himself off , refresh . int . hallway / lost & found - moment later lloyd walk out of the closet wear a assortment of odd clothing . ray exit another classroom at the same time . ray ( full of pride ) you sure be look sharp there in you back to school outfit . ray pull out a old camera from lose and find . ray ( cont would ) let I take you picture . lloyd no can do . gotta catch my bus . see ya , pop !! we hold on Ray as he watch Lloyd run off . ray but you be already at school ! ( to himself ) we go through this every year . he pick up and eat a old sandwich from the lose and find . ext . high school - second later lloyd rush out the school 's front door , go against the flow of people enter . book and papers fly as he run away from the school . lloyd out of my way ! can not miss my bus ! gotta get to school ! then he tear off down the street . some student look back at he . ext . suburban STREET - continuous harry , with he comb hair , be read he map as he finish the apple . harry ( count step , eat he apple ) Seven hundred thirty two ... bite number six ... follow the map , find a friend - how do the apple work into this . ( he stop ) this be distracting . one of this have to go . he look at the map , he look at the apple , then the map , than the apple . harry ( cont would ) I sure hope I be make the right decision . he look at the apple again . harry ( cont would ) now take you seed and grow into a beautiful pie . he toss the apple . it land in a yard where it hit a mean looking dog in the head . the dog look up , growl when he see Harry and begin the chase in full attack mode . harry hear the growl dog , turn and after a swallow cry start run . the dog 's overly long chain unravel as he gain on Harry . ext . high school STREET - continuous we see Lloyd run towards camera in the opposite direction . lloyd must catch bus ... ext . suburban STREET - continuous back on Harry as the dog be about to bite he ass . then very quickly we see the chain stop the dog in mid-air with a yelp , just as Harry round the corner and smashes head first into lloyd . it look very painful as they both fall to the ground . lloyd shake it off and hold he mouth . Harry 's once comb hair be now permanently dishevel . lloyd somebody chip my tooth . reveal he trademark chip tooth . harry how do you think I feel ? someone bit I in the forehead . reveal the piece of tooth be stick in he forehead . Harry pluck it out and toss it away . lloyd you could have save that for the tooth fairy ! harry that 's stupid ! I happen to know my mom be the tooth fairy . lloyd you mom be the tooth fairy ? that be so cool ! harry yeah , she must do all the fly around when I be asleep . ( extend he hand ) harry dunne . lloyd no thanks , not hungry . Harry dunne . why do that name not sound familiar ? harry probably because we have never meet . lloyd no , that 's not it . anyway - ( extend he hand ) lloyd Christmas . harry here I be brag my Mom be the tooth fairy , and I be talk to Santa 's kid ! lloyd I have not see you around here before . harry Home school . til today . lloyd Home school ? what 's that ? harry I go to school where I live . lloyd I too ! lloyd see he school bus pass . lloyd ( cont would ) aw , I miss it . now I gotta walk . harry ( hold up map ) I think it 's just over there . lloyd be that what I think it be ? harry no , it 's a treasure map . lloyd cool . harry my mom say the treasure 's somewhere in the school . lloyd I do not know . I be pretty familiar with the school and I have never see that " X " . but ... I do know something . harry ( lean in ) what ? lloyd ( he tag he ) you be it . lloyd take off . harry ( call after he ) I be " it " ? what 's " it " ? lloyd stop . lloyd I do not really know . but whatever it be , it 's something you do not want to be . and , right now , you be . he walk away . Harry catch up to he , and as they walk away we watch they tag back and forth . ext . school quad - moment later they walk through the crowd . Harry be pleasantly overwhelm by all the attractive girl . lloyd High school be all about look cool . so stick with I . they see a group of cheerleader . harry ( ga - ga ) wow . be that cheerleader , just like on tv ? lloyd turn Harry away from the girl as if avoid homeless people . lloyd yeah , dangerous cult . do not make eye contact or they might talk to you . harry do not we want they to talk to we ? lloyd ( confidently ) no no no no no . harry why not ? lloyd well , besides cooty and other medical reason , they be not in the cool crowd . which I be , and you want to be . know what I mean ? harry no . harry turn and see jessica , a beautiful seventeen - year-old . dramatic music come up , Harry be entirely in love . he spend a few very uncomfortable moment try to remember how to breathe . harry ( cont would ) what about she ? lloyd she 's a total dork . just look how she dress . lloyd point to jessica in she short , sexy skirt . lloyd ( cont would ) check out she skirt , it 's so short . I mean , where 's the flood ? he point at she tight shirt and ample cleavage . lloyd ( cont would ) and look at she shirt , it 's not even buttone right . her milk bubbles be pop out ! loser ! jessica drop something and pick it up . harry oh my gosh , I do not think she 's even wear underwear ! lloyd how nerdy be that ? I be wear two pair right now . harry I too ! lloyd raise he hand to high five . Harry do not know what he 's do and in self defense , punch Lloyd in the chest . lloyd go in to poke he in the eye . they be about to ( playfully ) get into it when , suddenly , lloyd be bump from behind , as we reveal turk , a lost boy type with a shitty tough guy haircut . he reach up and grab lloyd by the neck . lloyd ( choke ) this be my injun friend , Turk . he 's part of the cool crowd . ( to Turk ) hey kimosabe ! turk shut up , ass face . lloyd ( proud ) that 's the iroquois name he 's give I because I have the strong face of a ass . turk drag Lloyd away . lloyd ( cont would ) see ya , Harry ! gotta have a little pow wow . harry be leave alone for a moment . look down , he turn away , run headfirst into jessica . jessica ( to Harry ) hi. harry ( stumbling for something to say ) well I hope the carpet match the drape . jessica Excuse I . harry ( point to she newspaper ) in the new library there . jessica oh , yeah . I do not think they do . you be new here , right ? harry depend how you define ' new ' ... jessica you be the kid who be home school . harry yeah . how would you know ? jessica I have be assign to write a article about you for the school paper . it be either a feature on you or the new four- color ink pen at the student store . harry four color ? neato ! jessica yeah , well , I would much rather write a expose or a hard hit investigative piece , but nothing really ever happen around here . but , I choose you and that 's fine . ( she extend she hand ) I be jessica matthews . harry harry dunne . harry have never have a part of a girl so close to he so he just stare in awe of she hand for a long beat . finally Harry gather the courage to shake she hand and just as they be about to touch , Turk come over with Lloyd in tow . turk ( laugh to Harry ) hey , freak show , do jessica give you that banana in you pants ? harry do in fact have a banana in he front pocket . harry ( look down ) naw , my Mom do . turk ( grimace ) Gross ! harry ( pull 's out he banana ) wanna bite ? jessica turk , leave he alone . turk ( mimick jessica ) turk , leave he alone . ( to Harry ) you be come too . he push Harry away from jessica . lloyd ( to Harry ) hey , Turk rescue you from the nerd . you be in ! jessica ( to Harry ) I will talk to you later . turk lead Lloyd away with Harry . turk ( to Harry ) so have you be hold back two year like Lloyd ? harry ( as if ) no. I have be hold back three . int . principal be office - continuous principal collin , the forty - something headmaster of this painfully below average school , be there with the attractive , albeit overly do head lunch lady , ms. heller . ms . heller .+. and , principal Collins , you will be pleased to know that this year wednesday be " South of the border " day . we will serve a spicy tuna tamale along with a cheese quesadilla . principal collin good. good. good . well , that 's good . principal collin get up . principal collin ( cont would ) well it sound like it 's go to be another hot year in the kitchen . they lunge at each other . they pull at each other clothes , bang into wall , fall to the floor and as heller go down . ms . heller God , I have miss you . principal collin and I you . more kissing . ms . heller yes . principal collin v.o ( passionately ) yes . yes . oh yes . they hotly embrace and fall back behind the desk ( heller open the center drawer on the way down ) . there 's a knock on the door . a preppy female student , talia , enter and stand in the doorway , look around at the empty room . talia principal collin ? hello ? still on he knee , he shove Ms. heller under the desk and push in the center drawer - this slam into heller' head . principal collin 0.s. yes , what be it ? Collins do not appear . talia ( slightly confuse ) uhh , Sir it 's time for morning announcement . Collins pop up , still on he knee , look a little dishevel , glass askew . principal collin yes , I know dear . well , why do not you do the announcement this morning . talia but what do I announce ? he pop back up . principal collin you announce the most important news of the day . talia which be ? principal collin ( snap ) make something up . she walk away a bit confuse . int . principal be office - continuous Collins come out from behind the desk . heller follow , zipping up she dress . principal collin you know honey , I have finally figure out a way of bilk enough money from the school to get we that condo in waikiki . ms . heller how baby - cake ? you have do it all . int . principal be office - continuous principal collin small potato . this one be big time . this be visionary . this idea be genius . she nuzzle up to he . ms. heller it 's the big potato . principal collin yes , it 's the big potato . just have a look at this . he pick up a tatter grant book . principal collin ( cont would ) the Richard moffit special need grant . unbelievable . this kid be in a special need program , learn how to string a couple of sentence together and now he 's some successful hot shot . ms . heller like you . insert : there 's a photograph of a man over the listing . principal collin anyway , the state be give a hundred thousand dollar in he name to every school that have a special need class . ms . heller oh , this be fantastic . so all we have to do be kill this moffit guy and we get all the money ! principal collin no. no . that 's not it . we do not kill he . we do not kill anybody . but I like the way you be think . you be focus and you be try to follow . no , what we need to do be start a fake special need class . ms . heller we start we own class ? principal collin maybe someday . aloha cold weather , aloha hot weather . ms . heller look confuse . ms . heller you say " aloha " twice . principal collin aloha mean hello and goodbye . ms . heller oh wow . look at you . they hug . principal collin now , the problem be where do we find kid we can pass off as " special " ? out the window they see the back of Harry and Lloyd rise into frame , be hoist up the flagpole by they underwear . principal collin ( cont would ) bingo . ms . heller Times two . principal collin ( sneaky ) I think you will make a good teacher . ms . heller look at he . ms . heller I ? Collins put he arm around she and stroke she head . Ms. heller look at he , he 's not quite sure if she get it . ext . school flag pole - continuous harry and Lloyd look down at the school crowd below . lloyd you know Harry , this be my favorite time of day . harry yeah , it 's nice . and you friend turk be totally great . lloyd yeah , he 's aces. ( call down ) thanks , Turk ! harry see jessica in the crowd below look up at they . harry God , she 's beautiful . my wiener 's all tingly . lloyd ( be : wedgie ) shift to you leave . int . makeshift classroom / kitchen - later ms. heller be address the class . ms . heller welcome to special need orientation . I be Ms. heller , the lunch lady , ex , I mean you new teacher . reveal Harry and Lloyd , beam with pride , be the only two student there , and the classroom be actually just a corner of the kitchen . as he talk Lloyd take note , Harry copy . ms. heller ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) and the reason you two be here before the class officially start be because you be ' extra ' special . and be personally select by principal collin . harry ( to Lloyd ) who 's principal Collins ? lloyd the principal . harry wow . ms. heller you assignment be to pick the class . find some other student just as special as you . lloyd will that be on the midterm ? ms . heller no . lloyd furiously erase all he note , Harry follow . int . cafeteria - later harry and Lloyd , with a tray of food , walk along a bad 70 's mural of the pyramid of egypt . lloyd you know , you be the first person I have bring here . harry oh , be this you special place ? lloyd no , I just usually eat my lunch on the crapper . save time . out with the old , in with the new . harry can we eat there tomorrow ? lloyd sure , but first we have to find kid special , needy and classy enough to be in special need . harry it will be like take candy from a stranger . they sit and Harry pick up a clipboard with a sign - up sheet that say " special need " . we see Harry and Lloyd 's childish scrawl on the first and second line . lloyd ( sounding it out ) harry ... harry the second R be silent . lloyd oh , of course . just then a skater punk limp by . lloyd ( cont would ) look , a little crippled boy . harry his curse be we bless . they walk over to Toby , a seventeen year old student on crutch . he look perfectly healthy except for a cast on both he leg and hand . lloyd ( speak slowly ) hello , little orphan boy . what happen to you ? toby skateboard . harry one day they will find a cure . lloyd you brave soldier . toby what ? it 's nothing , the cast come off in six week . lloyd ( patronize ) of course it do . ( sotto to Harry ) obviously in denial . ( to Toby ) maybe we can help . harry we be part of a special class teach by the lunch lady , er , I mean Ms. heller . maybe you would like to join we , it do not require any walk . lloyd and nobody will make fun of you horrible deformity . toby how much homework be there ? lloyd that 's the downside . there be none . toby wait a minute . I can spend the whole year in a class teach by the lunch lady ? can I bring my girlfriend ? lloyd ( with great pity ) you can bring whatever you want , little friend . Music : a inexpensive genre define discovery ... recruiting montage begin . harry hold the clip board as Lloyd hand Toby a pen . he sign he name like a three year old because of he cast . the ' in toby dissolves through to : int . girl locker room - day a CUT - out hole Pov in the locker room . push closer in to see girl walk around in various stage of undress . one girl stop , bend down , look right at the camera and scream . she shoot she shampoo bottle toward camera . angle on : what she 's look at . it 's a small hole in the wall with a eyeball look in . int . hallway - short time later cover he eye , Turk be be haul away by a uniformed security guard , some of the girl ( wrap in towel ) stand in the background ) . harry and Lloyd approach , take out wallet badge read " special need " and wave they at the security guard . the guard shrug and leave Turk with Harry and Lloyd . turk okay . I owe you this one . harry bend over as Lloyd put the clipboard on he back so turk can sign . as he messily scribbles he name , we see harry 's butt crack . the ' T ' in Turk dissolves through to : ext . football field - day tight on football t-shaped goal post . tilt to reveal a practice game in progress . a player , carl catch a pass , scream as he crash through blocker and run head on into the goal post ! he 's on the ground . teammates crowd around as the couch ease he helmet off . Harry and Lloyd push they way through , see how daze he be , give each other a thumb up . two other player put he on a stretcher . they start to carry he away when Lloyd tap the guy at the head of the stretcher on the shoulder a la " we will take it from here . " then Harry take lead on the stretcher as Lloyd put a pen in Carl 's hand and help he scrawl he name on the class list . his entire name - ' Carl ' , dissolves through to : ext . front of school grass area - day tight on noodles in a bowl that spell ' carl ' . chopstick enter frame and mix then up . CUT wide to reveal : harry be with a attractive asian girl eat the noodle from the bowl . Lloyd walk in with Toby , Turk and Carl who lean on he for support . harry ...oh also , we even have a slogan . 's ' and ' p ' stand for ' special people ' , which be the kind of kid we be . ' a ' and ' Z ' be for ' be not Zero 's because that be less then one , and when you put it all together it spell ... lloyd ( listen then interrupt ) harry , what be you do ? she 's a foreign exchange student . she do not speak the English . ( to girl ) ching chong ching chingy chingy chong chong . she see Turk stand there . they share a flirtatious glance then she look back at Lloyd , sign she name on they list in asian character . dissolve the bottom character through to : ext . school parking lot - day close on the exact asian character , it 's on a small flyer with more write include a header : ' the goeku School of Fancy write 's . water sprays into frame and we reveal that the flyer be under a windshield wiper and we be at a wet t-shirt contest / cheerleader car wash . a horse run up , actually a boy in a well - used horse costume ( he foot be the horse front leg ) . he wear a sign that read " support the stallion car wash ! " as the cheerleader wash car , he lope around . harry , Lloyd , Toby , Turk , Carl and ching Chong be watch from the side . toby how about Lewis ? harry which one 's Lewis . toby the horse . lloyd a horse ? I do not think so , pal . the horse nudge a cheerleader - who remove he head . reveal lewis , be the boy in the costume . his arm 's be lock in to the suit so the cheerleader hold 's a bottle of water for he . harry wow ! it 's a half - boy , half -horse . the boy walk up to he , impressed . lloyd now that 's more of what we be look for . ext . school parking lot - moment later lewis hold the clipboard with he front horse hoof . lewis well I need to get a job and you be tell I that if I join up - I can really come and go whenever I want ? lloyd you be bear free and free you should remain . lewis sign , hoof-signature be barely legible . Harry pop a sugar cube in he mouth . Lewis react and spit it out . harry try to calm the beast -- harry whoa , nellie ! lloyd hold up the clipboard to check out the list . int . school hallway - day lloyd v.o. special need class 1986 . harry v.o . we be the choose one . tight on Harry and Lloyd . heroic music plays as we pull back to see we Seven samurai each dramatically silhouetted in the hallway . there 's the half -horse , half - boy , a kid on crutch , a football player hold a helmet , a girl with chinese pig-tail , a kid with a spikey mohawk and of course - Harry and Lloyd . bore , the group slowly stop , except for Harry and Lloyd . turk stop first , ching Chong run to he , then Lewis and toby stop to chill , while Carl collapse against the locker . int . girl locker room - continuous the girl shower and soap themselves , also in silhouette . the blackness of a girl in silhouette wipe we to : ext . harry house - night we angle crash down from the night sky to establish . int . harry dine room - continuous harry and Lloyd be sit at the dining room table , finish off they bowl of food . harry maybe we should ask jessica to join the class . lloyd jessica ? please hold for my reaction . with determination he drink a mouthful of red hawaiian punch , make a '' wait for it " gesture then do a huge spit take . lloyd ( cont would ) no nerd ! harry right , I forget . mrs . dunne enter with dessert as Lloyd be lick the bottom of he bowl . lloyd thanks for the grub , Mrs. D. where 's Mr. D ? mrs . dunne he pass away three year ago . lloyd ( chipper ) well he miss a great pot of stew ! mrs . dunne it be meatloaf . you just put everything in you soup . lloyd I like it a lot . mrs . dunne lean down to Harry . mrs . dunne oh , Harry , I be so proud of you make a real friend . harry be it okay if he spend the night ? mrs . dunne ( to Lloyd ) lloyd , do you ask you parent ? lloyd yeah , I leave my dad a note . whip pan to : int . school gymnasium - day close on : note " pop , I be sleep at Harry 's tonight . Love , Lloyd . p.s. out of ketchup " . pull back to reveal the note be actually gigantic , as it have be write on the gymnasium floor in ketchup . the last " u " and " p " be write in mustard . Ray chuckle and start mop , quickly realize he 's make a discovery with the ketchup / mustard combo wax . ray huh ! who woulda ' think the combination of this condiment would leave such a shine ... whip back to : int . harry dine room - later that night Mrs dunne sit with they and dish up apple pie . mrs. dunne then a sleep - over be okay by I . okay boy , eat up . harry oh Lloyd , you gotta taste my Mom 's pie ! mrs . dunne so boy , how be you first day ? harry and Lloyd talk at the same time interrupt each other excitedly eat while talk , spraying food all over they table . Mrs. dunne patiently listen to they gibberish as food fly out of they mouth . ext . harry house establishing - night a light be on in the upstairs window . int . harry bedroom - continuous harry and Lloyd be in cowboy and spaceman pajamas . Harry be lean over he bed play card with Lloyd who be lie on the floor . lloyd hold up he hand . lloyd get any crazy eight ? harry go fish . lloyd pull a card off the top of the deck and look at it . it 's a King . we see he already have two in he hand . he throw it down , face up . lloyd nothin ' . harry place a two down beside it . harry War ! lloyd hand he a dice . Harry roll a four . lloyd ha ! now move you peg seven space and put you shirt on backwards . Boy , you really suck at this game . harry 's shirt be already on backwards . he turn it the right side around and Lloyd crack up . harry oh , yeah . well I almost always beat Captain Rob . lloyd who 's Captain Rob ? harry just a guy I hang out with . lloyd I know the type . live in the basement , smell like a sponge ... harry no! Captain Rob be seven foot tall , wear a eye patch , get a hook for a hand ... lloyd sound like a pirate . harry what ? no no . he 's get a parrot on he shoulder , bury treasure ... lloyd yeah , he 's a pirate . harry I do not think so . this guy drink rum from a barrel , say " yo ho ho " have a peg leg ... lloyd peg leg ? harry yeah , go -cart accident . lloyd exactly ! a pirate ! harry if he hear you talk like that he would make you walk the plank . ( move dice ) Three , two , one . now it 's you turn , spin . lloyd a-ha ! you land on candyland ! now swallow it ! lloyd toss the monopoly game piece into Harry 's mouth . he choke it down . harry mmm , that 's good top hat . mrs . dunne enter . mrs . dunne hey you two . light out . lloyd hey can be on top ? harry only if I can be on the bottom they jump into the top and bottom of Harry 's bunk -bed . mrs. dunner give harry a kiss as he tuck himself in . harry ( cont would ) ' night , mom . lloyd ' night , Mrs. D. she lean up to Lloyd and give he a peck on the forehead . mrs . dunne thank you , for be a friend to my harry . she turn off the light and exit . Lloyd be a little take aback from the kiss . he lean down to Harry . lloyd whoa . what be that ? harry what ? lloyd you mom make a move on I . harry she do not . int . lloyd who know ? maybe someday I will be you new daddy . harry lloyd , she 's my mom . lloyd I can not help my heart . and when I be you dad , you will have to do as I say . harry will not . lloyd do not use that tone with I , young man . harry shut up ! lloyd I will stop this car right now . harry you be not my real dad . lloyd you take that back ! harry shut up! buttlick ! lloyd where do you learn that word ? harry ( break down ) I learn it from listen to you ! I hate you ! lloyd kid . hallway - the - next day a group of nerdy , computer student be be shuffle out of the class by Collins . principal collin let 's go . let 's go . let 's go . no class today . take a lunch , a long lunch . Collins look the other way and then motion for heller to usher in the special need class . principal collin ( cont would ) hurry ! now ! now ! int . computer classroom - continuous everyone enter and gather round . ms . heller everyone thank principal Collins for create we very own special need class . CLASS ( disjoint ) thank you principal Collins blah blah for the new blah blah blah ... principal collin ( sotto to heller ) they be perfect . ( to the class ) you be pioneer of Providence Hill High . the first special need class . Collins start change the sign . over a computer study sign , he add a banner that say " special need CLASS " . principal collin ( cont would ) to commemorate this occasion , we will now take a class picture . come on ! come on ! Gather around ! ms . heller stand next to Collins . he look at she and then take heller step to the side . principal collin ( cont would ) you do remember why we be here ? ms . heller to take a picture for superintendent Zimmer ? principal collin yes ! Collins get back into the picture . principal collin ( cont would ) ( to the class ) okay smile . heller take a photo . ms . heller my god , what stink ? lloyd raise he hand . the kid start lloyd that would be I , sir . the wife make stew last night . harry shut up Lloyd . you be not marry yet . principal collin ( interrupt they ) well I hope you enjoy you new classroom . this be not it . you will be go to a new wing behind the school build especially for you . lloyd cool ! a new wing ! ms . heller okay , kid , let 's go . fill out . harry what about the crippled boy ? toby dude , I can walk . lloyd you brave , beautiful , naive bastard . lloyd pick up Toby and carry he out , bump he head on the door as he exit . harry ( to Lloyd ) Collins be a great man ! lloyd now you see why he be elect principal ? they exit as heller smile at Collins . principal collin so far so good . we will need more picture . why do not you take they on a field trip tomorrow . ms . heller and ...? they kiss . they go at it . CUT to : principal collin ( bite he lip ) and , take some more picture . ms . heller wow , you be smart . principal collin and you be great in bed . principal collin ( cont would ) do not you have a phony class to teach ? ms . heller o.s. I put in for a sub . ext . special need build - day pan from the school to a weathered tin building that sit behind the school 's antiquated heating duct and trash bin . lloyd ( v.o. ) hello , student . int . special need build - continuous lloyd turn and write as he 's talk . he chuckle . reveal he 's write everything he 's say on the wall . lloyd ... I be Mr. Christmas and I have be assign as you substitute teacher for today . I think you will find I tough but fair . and , I imagine I will learn as much .. from you .. as you will from .. I . lloyd ( cont would ) first question . ( turn to class ) do anyone know how to get Magic marker off a wall ? lloyd ( cont would ) it may take a while for I to learn everyone 's name , so bear with I . harry wave he hand wildly . lloyd ( cont would ) yes , you . harry harry . lloyd you look familiar . do I have you brother ? harry no. lloyd okay . anyone else have any question ? Pan the room and see nobody 's listen but Harry . toby , " the cripple " be make out with terri he girlfriend . carl , the football player , seem to be drift into a coma , turk , the hood be hit on ching chong , the asian student , and lewis , the once horse mascot , be now dress in a foam cartoon -y SUN : wearing a sash that read : " UNLIMITED tanning : $ 19.95 . " ray stick he harry what 's with horse - boy , now he 's a bright shiny sun ? lloyd do not look directly at he . head in . ray lloyd , may I see you a minute ? lloyd ( embarrassed ) class , please study on you own . there seem to be a family emergency because there 's no other reason why my father would interrupt I while i'm working ! harry ( impressed ) that 's you dad ? harry follow Lloyd outside . ext . special need build - continuous harry ( notice coverall ) you must be in the Air Force . ray I be a custodian . harry well then ... harry salute Ray . ray what be you crazy kid do in my tool shed ? lloyd we be not crazy . we be " special " . principal collin want we to have we own classroom ! ray ( proudly ) my boy 's special , well how about that . I know you be different . lloyd so I guess you will need a new spot for you moonshine . ray I reckon so . ray slide out a crack cinder block and pull out a couple of dusty bottle . ray ( cont would ) ( be : bottle ) chateau lafite rothchild ' 61 . that 's good firewater . harry lean over he as he reach into a wine bottle rack for more . int . special need build - continuous lewis be now address the other student . lewis can someone tell I why we be in a tool shed ? turk who care Lewis ? it 's better than real school . if we do not mess this up , we can go the whole year without do any real work at all . toby we can do anything we want . terri ( sexy to Toby ) anything . toby nod . lewis so if I have a girlfriend like terri , I could like , bring she here , and do stuff ? turk you get it , jerk -off . ching chong but I come here to learn about America . turk baby listen , there 's nothing more american than not do anything and get away with it . ching chong then I be in . just like jerk -off . carl finally start to shake off the effect of the concussion . carl ( still cloudy ) wha- wha - what be I do here ? I be suppose to be in a.p. biology . turk throw a look to Toby . they both " huddle " around Carl . toby come on kid ! it 's fourth and goal ! ten second leave on the clock ! turk we need you now ! get it together ! turk slap he across the face like a coach would , but much harder . this get he go . carl let 's get them ! carl run full steam across the room and crash through a wall and run off . Toby and Turk high five . toby he 's in . turk if he come back . sfx : school bell ring - end of day ext . big ' a' gas not STUFF - afternoon harry and Lloyd walk past the gas pump in front of this rural convenience store that have a giant " a " on the roof . harry ... and who be Benjamin Franklin again ? lloyd the pilgrim who use penicillin to kill godzilla . harry I do not know that . lloyd welcome to public school , my friend . harry hey , teach , how would you get so smart ? lloyd when you live in the basement of the school , you breathe in a lot of chalk dust . it write out all the answer on you brain . ( then ) now how about a slushee ? harry A. slushee . do not tell I . ( remember ) abraham slushee . third president of the United States . lloyd ( nodd ) and he invent fire . int . big ' a' gas not STUFF - continuous lloyd point to a big two - banger ' ice - boom ' slushee machine . lloyd and this be the freeze delicious treat he be name after . harry and Lloyd approach the slushee machine and fill up they big gulp cup . as it 's fill up , Harry notice a adjacent magazine rack just as beautiful girl with nice ... jugs walk by . harry Nice jug . lloyd ( see 's it too ) they can not be real . harry pick up the magazine , it 's ' pottery monthly '. lloyd ( cont would ) oh , Harry . I just realize something ! ? harry ( worried ) what ! ? lloyd tag he . lloyd you be it . harry oh , no . you be not gettin’ I again . this go on for awhile until , finally end near the register as Lloyd walk over to pay for the drink . cale clark , the clerk , be a long -haired metal -head wear a ' anthrax ' t-shirt . he look up from a victoria secret lingerie catalog . lloyd ( have : magazine ) hey . fella . Victoria 's secret huh ? ya know that clothes be for chick . cale hit the register . cale two fifty . harry approach and tag Lloyd . harry you be it . lloyd oh ! ho! okay . you wanna go ? lloyd tag Harry with purpose . cale that 's two fifty . they do not even notice he . lloyd you be it . lloyd and Harry tag back and forth a half dozen time . cale please pay I two fifty . lloyd tag cale . lloyd you be it . they both stare at he for a long beat . he do not move . lloyd ( cont would ) you be it . cale no , I be not it . harry yeah , you be . he touch you . you be " it " until you touch someone else . cale I have five kid at home , I know how it work . I be just not " it " . okay guy ? two fifty . lloyd grab the cale 's arm and make it touch Harry . lloyd ( to Harry ) you be it . harry immediately tag the store employee back . harry you be it . cale guy . give I the two fifty and go away . harry grab he other arm and tag Lloyd with it . harry ( to Lloyd ) you be it . lloyd immediately tag the store employee back . lloyd you be it . then Lloyd grab the guy 's arm and tag Harry . lloyd ( cont would ) ( to Harry ) you be it . this go back and forth almost impossibly fast . Harry with one arm and Lloyd with the other . they say , " you be it " with each tag . cale 's arm be now flail . he finally erupt . cale enough ! ! he tag Lloyd . hard . cale ( cont would ) ( building anger ) you be it ! cale ( cont would ) no touch back , no do over , no erase , stamp to infinity plus one and this whole store be home free ! ! harry and Lloyd look impressed . harry can he do that ? lloyd ( stare at the clerk ) harry , he can and he do . and now it 's on like donkey Kong . lloyd and the cale glare at each other . ext . big ' a' gas not STUFF - moment later harry and Lloyd walk out of the store sip they drink . harry this be really cold , huh ? lloyd that 's why you have to drink it fast , trust I . they both take huge fast sip . we angle follow the icy liquid into the straw and then we move ( in a stylize way ) into Harry 's brain to see blood vessel stop and the brain get frosted over . then pull out from Harry 's head to see a quick half - dissolve that show three - quarter of he brain with a layer of white frost . they both continue to get brain freeze as the scene go on but they do not realize it 's from the drink . harry owww ... refresh . lloyd ow ... what do you want to do , harry ? lloyd get a brain freeze . Harry keep slurping . lloyd ( cont would ) owww . harry I do not know . Owwww . lloyd maybe I should go home and grade papers . Owwww . they sip harder . they eye twitch as the pain sear through they head . harry my head be suddenly kill I . maybe it 's from all the learn today . lloyd put some ice on it . he sip some more . harry owww . lloyd and my mouph be freeze . jessica jog over . she 's wear tight run short and a jogging - bikini top . jessica hey guy . harry heddo jeth-ica . because of the brain freeze , Harry and Lloyd both talk to she with very slur speech and drool a little . jessica talk to they sweetly , like they be slow . jessica harry , I hear Collins have you in some kind of special class . lloyd if dou be try to get in , dou be doo late . jessica oh no , I know that class be not for I . but I be happy for you guy . harry do you thill want to do a arwticle on I , jethica ? jessica yes , you and the whole special need class . lloyd why ith that newth ? jessica this school 's never have one before . I would like to talk to you and all you special friend . harry tomorrow we go on a fee-eee-ece - wald twrip . jessica a field trip ? maybe I will join you . see you tomorrow . she jog off , she tight short and top bounce as she go . harry there she go , now wear nothing but she underwear . lloyd what a nerd . I do not know where that girl 's ever gonna find a husband . int . principal be office - night principal collin and Ms. heller be in he office . it 's the only light on in the building . Don Ho 's " tiny bubbles " play on a record player . Ms. heller wear a coconut bra and a grass skirt . she do a hula for Collins . he sip he tenth umbrella would drink and snap a Polaroid . ms . heller knock knock . principal collin who 's there ? ms. heller ( modell ) guess what " 's under this coconut . principal collin what ? ms . heller it 's a surprise . principal collin well I have get a little surprise for you . ms . heller you get the extender ? principal collin no . no . I hear from superintendent zimmer this morning and evidently he 's so impressed with we special need class , he 's bring Richard moffit himself to the Thanksgiving Day parade - check in hand . ms . heller monkey , this be too exciting ! I can not believe we dream be come true . Collins pick up a polaroid camera . principal collin smile sweetheart . he snap a shot of Ms. heller 's chest . he wave it dry . principal collin ( cont would ) more picture for the chest . he open a chest by he desk and drop the photo into it . ms . heller so what do you keep in there ? principal collin oh , thing . photo . tape . I tape everything that go on in this office . ms . heller everything ? principal collin everything . just for the record . he hit the stop button on small tape recorder in a open drawer of he desk . he eject the tape and put it into the wooden chest . ms . heller oh , just like the President . principal collin just like the President . angle hold on the chest , which Collins have leave unlock . ext . big ' a' gas not STUFF - a little later lloyd run up and see Harry , who 's dress like a queen , complete with tiara and flow gown make from a drape . harry lloyd , where have you be ? I have be wait forever . I be so embarrassed . lloyd sorry . why be you dress like a Queen ! ? harry -.. cause you say ... lloyd harry , I say do not ' dress like a Queen " ! harry ( get it ) oh ... that make much more sense . I have a heck of time get this drape from my mom . you do not want to know where I put the cord . lloyd ( interrupt ) harry ! here he come . we see cale the clerk close up the store . Lloyd and Harry sneak over . cale turn and see Lloyd the ninja and Harry the Queen . lloyd ( cont would ) so you be out of the store , huh ? cale yeah , we be close . so go away . harry ( hold back the urprise ) actually we have something for you . lloyd tap he lightly on the shoulder . lloyd you be it ! the ninja and the Queen run away laugh maniacally . cale look confuse and hurt . ext . school parking lot - continuous jessica , carry a camera , approach Ms. heller get out of she car . jessica ms . heller , mind if I tag along on you field trip ? I be think of do a story on you special need class . ms . heller I be not interested . not after the smear story you do on my chicken sushi . jessica well , when 200 student be hospitalize with stomach cramp I think it 's newsworthy . ms . heller nevertheless , you could have mention the sauce . ( notice camera ) well , I see you have a camera . jessica so can I come along ? ms . heller ( grab the camera ) no . jessica notice something under Ms. heller 's shirt . jessica be you wear a coconut bra ? ms . heller oh , you be good . jessica why be you teach special need ? you be the lunch lady . ms . heller dietician ! this interview be over . you can have the camera back tomorrow . come by the classroom . heller head off . jessica you mean the lunch room ? heller stop and turn back to she . ms . heller well play . ms . heller storm away , leave a confuse jessica . ext . neighborhood STREET - day lloyd unroll the map . behind they there be a ' slow child crossing ' sign . lloyd accord to the map , we be just about at school . harry yeah , but we still have not find any treasure . a long yellow school bus be park in front of the school . turk , ching Chong and Carl stand next to the front door . lloyd I think we may have find something even better . the bus now appear to be getting longer ! then we see that it be actually a long bus parked behind a super -short bus . sfx : majestic chorus . they look like they have see the Holy grail ( if they know what that be ) . lloyd ( cont would ) look ! look ! the short bus be even short than a regular short bus . it 's custom suite to the special need class , as it only have three row of seat . Harry and Lloyd run up to it . harry what ? lloyd we own special bus . harry how do you know it 's for we ? lloyd duh . the cool kid sit in the back of the bus . here , every row be in the back . we be all cool ! lloyd and Harry run in . Lloyd run as fast as he can down the tiny aisle , and smack into the back of the bus . lloyd ( cont would ) ( bring head up - giddy ) it 's even short than I imagine ! harry run smack into the back of the bus . harry be you sure ? it feel about right to I . lloyd get up and again run into the back of the bus . lloyd nope . I be right . harry wanna bet ? ext . school bus - continuous in the parking lot , jessica approach the special need kid congregate outside the short bus . over the follow , we continue to hear the thumping of Harry and Lloyd smash into the back of the bus . jessica turk , what be you do here ? turk special need class . jessica be a jerk do not make you special . turk you be just jealous . jessica and , ching Chong , you be not a special need kid . you be just a foreign exchange student . ching chong ( defiant ) I ride with my man . she hug Turk and bury she face in he chest . turk ( to jessica ) this be the great class ever , do not ruin it . they start to board the bus as Ms. heller approach . ms . heller ( to jessica ) I think I tell you to get lose . jessica look Ms. heller , there 's something fishy here , and I do not think it 's Friday 's special . ms . heller I would not know . be that I be just the teacher and all . margie , the bus driver , a crotchety old matron in she early sixty , pass Ms. heller and board the bus . margie you ever have one of that day when you just want to drive the bus into a wall and end it all ? ( then ) okay , everyone in . ms . heller follow she on and slam the door in jessica 's face . jessica look determine . she 's find she story ! int . bus - continuous ms . heller sit behind margie as she start the engine . ms. heller let 's go margie . the museum be not go to teach itself . margie Museum huh , have not be there since my husband leave I . I love art . she throw it in gear and pull away . ext . parking lot - continuous as the bus head up the street , jessica hop into she parent station wagon , which be actually three or four foot longer than the short bus ! jessica this be a much bigger story than four color pen . ext . STREET corner - moment later the bus pull to a stop . on the corner be a nebbish guy carry a fish tank . he wait - then margie wave he to go across . then she honk the horn , loud . he jump - throw the fish tank in the air . margie ( laugh ) fun stuff . she drive on - burning rubber ! we see that jessica be follow . int . bus - moment later ms . heller look out the back window and see jessica follow in she station wagon . ms . heller look for a scoop , huh ? I will give you a scoop ... of short bus. ( to margie ) lose she ! margie loser ... oh yeah he be a loser alright . a big loser . ms . heller what ? margie he be a big loser ! what be you deaf ! ? ms . heller uh , no and I do not appreciate ... turn down here ! margie yank the wheel , make a sharp turn to the leave . we crane down as it pass . and pick it up further down the street . we angle be inside a record store as we see the bus make a hard right turn - follow by jessica . ext . CITY STREET hill - continuous the bus careen down the street follow by jessica 's station wagon . jessica be almost along side they . ms . heller do not let she pass ! heller lean forward and hit the ' no passing ' toggle . ext . short bus - continuous side of the bus as the big ' no pass ' sign flip out , close to jessica 's windshield . she almost hit it then slow . margie o.s. yeah it start with a pass ... int . short bus - continuous margie -.. " hi cutie , nice knocker " , then same old same old . ms . heller ( to margie ) that 's great , now make a leave , then straight ! margie oh , yeah he be straight all right , just be not very good in the sack . I use to give he direction . Higher , lower , faster , harder , small circle , do the alphabet . useless . ext . short bus - continuous rear of the bus , red light flash , sign read : ' no pass when Red light flash ' . the road narrow so jessica must again fall in line behind she . int . short bus - continuous ms . heller see a street up ahead . ms . heller Left here ! Left ! margie you bet I leave he , take the dog and we be history . ms . heller see a tiny alley between two building . they turn leave , power -slide down a alley , jessica miss the turn and make a one - eighty . ms . heller ( look behind they ) ha ! too big to make the turn ! margie no , it actually fit quite nicely . ( then ) well , except for the fact that it be not really as long as it be wide . int . short bus - continuous they do a rough turn and exit the alley . Ms. heller look around for jessica . ms . heller I think you do it . margie damn right I do it . go back and set the house on fire , he little floozy testify in court - and I end up do ten year at riker , get my tooth knock out by Mike the dyke . ms. heller ( now pay attention ) what the hell be you talk about ? angle on : Lloyd , Harry and Carl . once again , Carl be start to get better , he notice he surroundings . carl hey , I be not suppose to be on the short bus . I have get a calculus class . lloyd ( to Harry , whimsical ) he 's a dreamer . carl no , actually I think I be all better . angle on : heller . in the mirror , she see jessica pull up behind they . ms . heller turn here ! go , go , go ! and she slam she foot on margie 's gas pedal , as margie make a turn through a dirt construction site . ext . short bus - continuous in the lot , the bus leave a trail of dust as jessica 's car follow . ext . short steep STREET - moment later a serene moment before a far away scream be hear , then the short bus crash through a fence , fully launch in the air ! while in the air , we angle flow into the bus . int . short bus slow - mo - continuous in ultra -slow motion , it 's zero gravity as we track through the bus to see : margie' unfazed , but she denture float out of her mouth . ms. heller , freeze in a scream , leg in the air . as carl float past toby , then past lewis , ching chong and turk who be in a jumble of arm and leg . carl continue on to harry and lloyd who act as if they be on Apollo 13 , tongue 's out both chase the same freeze - dried ice cream , come together almost for a kiss , then gross out , break apart . other food from they lunch bag be float around . ext . short bus - continuous we burst out of the bus as it land roughly on the STREET , slamming carl hard against the back window , follow by a mess of food stuff and margie 's denture that get slam against the window and sandwich by half of a peanut butter sandwich . the short Bus amble on . harry ( 0.s. ) ( be : bus ride ) again , again ! everyone shout " again ! " . ext . jessica be car - continuous she land even more roughly , and must lock up her brake as a big truck back into she path . Beyond the truck she see the short Bus drive away . she 's defeat . int . museum lobby - later - day we see the bus on the street outside the glass door . ms. heller ( 0.s. ) here we be . the kid file inside . they be dishevel , cover in food , drool , trip , Carl 's back to he old , cloudy way - you get the picture . two passersby , a man and a woman , notice the motley crew . man ( sympathetic ) special need . woman well , be not they just so sweet . ms . heller everyone find a partner . you be not any good to I dead . the class ad-lib partner up : Turk with ching Chong , Toby with terri , Lewis with Carl . Harry and Lloyd look around nervously for a partner . harry uh oh. Captain Rob 's always be my partner . lloyd suck for you . harry who 's you partner ? lloyd ( look around at the obviously partner class ) I do not know . I have not decide yet . harry well ... uh...maybe ... jeez , how can I say this ... you and I could ... perhaps ...maybe ...uh ... partner up ? lloyd you and I ? dream on , desperado . harry oh. sorry . you be right , field trip partner be a big commitment . lloyd I be kid ! of course I will be you partner . lloyd put he arm around Harry and they head into the museum . lloyd ( cont would ) you have some serious self - worth issue , my ugly , stupid , pudgy little friend . harry stop it , you be embarrassing I . int . museum - later close on a giant white polar bear in menace pose , arm up , tooth bare . harry ( v.o. ) I have always want to be a polar bear . tall , strong , six stomach . he 's the most beautiful creature in the forest . reveal Harry and Lloyd look up at the polar bear . Harry 's in awe . lloyd that 's a cow , Harry . harry well , I could go for a tall glass of polar bear milk right now . ms . heller enter and corral Harry , Lloyd , and the rest of the special need class . ms . heller okay , class , everyone gather round . Mr. Collins want a picture to prove you be here . ( catch herself ) and to cherish . she unfurl a banner , and hand it to Turk and ching Chong to hold . it read " special need CLASS field trip 1986 " . she spot a nearby museum docent . ms. heller ( cont would ) Excuse I , do you mind ? she hand she camera to the docent who snap they photo . ms. heller ( cont would ) good , get it . ( to docent ) how long be the average field trip here ? docent to fully experience all we have to offer ? maybe two hour . ms . heller alright . I will be back in four . give they the tour twice and talk slowly . she put the camera away and walk off . docent ( to class ) okay , okay , listen up everybody . welcome to the Shea Museum of Natural History . where you journey into the past come alive ! she turn and face the polar bear . docent ( cont would ) ( bad act polar bear ) grrr. roar. grrr. my name be ursus maritmus and I live in part of Northern Canada and the Antarctic . grr. roar . grr. I rely on a keen sense of a smell to sniff out prey . my long neck help I view my habitat and pluck fish from the sea . roar . glub glub . roar . she turn back around in a menace polar bear pose and see everyone 's go except for Harry and Lloyd . docent ( cont would ) uh-oh scared they away . too many " roar . " the young boy raise he hand . young boy ( point ) what 's he name ? docent ( impatient ) like I say , ursus maritimus . lloyd ( to boy with authority ) that 's not a real name . his parent call he " snowy " . young boy what 's he name ? he point to a snow Fox . lloyd also snowy . young boy I like he answer better . lloyd ( to the docent ) lloyd Christmas - special need . I will take over from here mar 'am . she just eye he passively then walk away . lloyd ( cont would ) ( to kid ) you see , the animal kingdom be actually very simple . everything be name snowy , at least in cold climate . on the other hand , " scorchy " over here ... lloyd point to a camel in a desert exhibit and lead the kid off , leave Harry alone , entrance by the polar bear . int . museum lobby - continuous - day jessica enter , we see out the door that she car be park behind the bus . int . museum gallery - moment later jessica enter the gallery . she approach Harry who be stand alone stare at the polar bear . jessica harry ! harry ms . heller say not to talk to you . jessica that 's because Ms. heller do not want you to know this whole thing be a scam . harry a-ha ! I have a feel it be all a fake . jessica you do ? harry yeah . look at this polar bear . it have not move in half a hour . and that eskimos over there ... I be sure at least one of they be a mannequin . jessica oh Harry , you be so funny . now I have something that 's kind of delicate ... harry oh , you want to talk about you delicate ? jessica be you try to be funny ? or be you actually be -- , be ... special harry we be all special . everyone Lloyd and I choose for the class be special . jessica you and Lloyd choose the class !? jessica , think a moment as she figure thing out . jessica ( cont would ) this be start to make more sense . just then , jessica see Turk walk down a corridor towards they - he 's goof around with Lewis and ching Chong . jessica ( cont would ) we can not really talk here . can you come to my house tonight ? harry ( stunne ) Excuse I ? jessica come over around seven . harry o'clock ? jessica yeah ... harry gotcha . jessica walk off . harry ( cont would ) ( sotto ) a date . int . school hallway - later angle on the empty hallway . we hear muffle voice from above . some dust fall into frame then abruptly , Harry and lloyd fall directly in front of we from above . with some plaster ceiling follow . Harry love the fall , Lloyd do not much care . lloyd sorry about that Harry , first time I have bring a friend up there . you okay ? harry yea ! lloyd throw a ceiling piece back up and they walk on . harry ( cont would ) so Lloyd , you gotta help I . a real live date with a real live girl . lloyd who care ? chick be for fag . harry I think she want I to come over to put I into the right position to check out she delicate , what ever that mean . lloyd oh yeah , buddy , you be gonna get " some " . harry some what ? lloyd you know ... she 's gonna be all over you like a barrel of monkey , with she tight shirt and short skirt ... eeeww , it 's so faggy I can not even talk about it . harry come on , Lloyd . you must know someone I can talk to . lloyd sure I do . on one condition . harry you can not marry my mom . lloyd it 's really not up to you , Harry . but we just want you to feel like you be part of the decision . harry shut up ! lloyd alright , if you really want to go down this road , well girl 's like chocolate . CUT to : int . school hallway - later tight on a candy vend machine . harry see chocolate bar for sale behind the glass , among other edible goody include clear package of peanut call : sonnie jewel peanut , and next to it - violet crumble he put in some coin and press what he think the code for chocolate be . but he 's off by one and the peanut next to the chocolate drop down . he try again . and the violet crumble drop down . again , some lifesaver fall . he try again . nope . bake apple pie . he put in more coin ... dissolve to : int . school hallway - a few minute later the vend machine be almost completely empty -- except for the chocolate bar . snack goods fill the dispenser tray and spill out onto the floor around Harry . he reach in and be out of coin . frustrate , he reach up into the candy return at the bottom . after a few beat , the look on he face tell we he 's stick . maybe forever . int . school hallway - about a half -hour later harry 's arm be now incredibly jamme half - way up into the machine . he 's twisted into a pretzel , and just as he 's about to grab a handful of the chocolate bar from the rack inside . then the whole machine crash down on he . close on : his hand reach out , grab some of the prize chocolate bar and sonnie jewel peanut that have spill on the floor . ext . jessica's house - night close on Harry outside she front door . harry ( practice ) hello , jessica . it 's nice to see you , jessica . no that 's not right . jessica , hi . it 's Harry , remember I from before ? no , that 's stupid . jessica , hello . hello , jessica . jessica jessica jessica . Mrs. harry jessica . Mr. Harry jessica . j-e-s-s-i-s-s-i-p-p-i-- jessica o.s. harry ! reveal Harry have actually be stand in front of jessica the whole time . she 's put a stop to this . but handle it with kid glove , still not sure if he 's mentally challenge . jessica ( carefully ) harry , let 's go inside . int . jessica's house - continuous jessica usher Harry inside . jessica wipe you foot . my parent be totally anal . harry ooh gross . jessica would you like something to drink ? harry yeah , but I be buy . he giggle , clearly nervous beyond belief . jessica harry , I have a lot of question to ask you so let 's just do it upstairs ? harry good plan . I be not ready for " downstairs . " int . jessica's bedroom - moment later jessica sit on the bed , go over note . jessica okay , there 's a lot for we to go over , so it may get hard for you . harry hard for I ? hard for I ? hard for I ? hard for I ? ( then ) you have question ? jessica I check with the school board , she 's not a accredite teacher . harry that 's okay . Lloyd 's really the one teach the class . jessica lloyd ? what about Ms. heller ? harry she say that she 's get more important thing to do now that the new mall open . jessica sit down , I have something to tell you . harry ( sit on radiator ) I be fine . jessica well , I will tell you what I think . I think she and principal Collins be embezzle money from the school , and I think they have be do it for year . close up on Harry 's face as she continue to lay out she theory . he 's have not pay any attention to she . harry ( v.o. ) wow , she 's really make I feel hot . must be that feeling Lloyd be talk about . as she prattles on , Harry do not realize the " small bench " he sit on be actually a radiator . close up on Harry 's butt as steam waft up . jessica and if that 's not bad enough , I think you so -called ' special need class ' be all a scam ! but I just need proof . harry 's not really hearing any of this . harry ( v.o. ) I do not know how long I can sit here . I do not think the first time would hurt so much ... ( out loud ) especially in the ass . she go to he , put hand on he shoulder . jessica what ? well now I be in a position where I may just heed you help . harry po , po , position ...? hey , here 's think , have you a bathroom ? jessica just down the hall . harry very good . back in a jiff . he do a little bow and exit the bedroom slowly so jessica do not see he scald butt . int . hallway - continuous harry walk down the hallway in utter pain . he can not make any noise , but be face look like he 's about to burst . we see smoke drift up from he hot ass . int . jessica's bathroom - continuous harry back into the bathroom and slowly close the door . he carefully lock it , then -- harry aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! Three minute of scalding ass come out in a primal cry . he jump up and down in pain and grab he butt in a desperate attempt to cool it off . then he look at he hand . it 's brown with peanut in it . harry ( cont would ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! could the heat have possibly compromise he sphincter control ? he bring he hand up and inspect it . then he smell it . then he taste it ( not bad ) . then he examine he stain hand a little closer , pick off a coagulate chunk of peanut , pop that in he mouth and begin eat it . harry ( cont would ) yummy . he reach back down into he pants and this time pull out the sonnie Day peanut bag and chocolate bar wrapper . a huge wave of relief waft over he face . he take another lick as he grab a white towel off the rack and start to wipe off the chocolate . he make grunt noise as he wipe . harry ( cont would ) oh , what a mess . in try to clean - up he only make its worse . chocolate be quickly everywhere : on he hand , face , shirt , towel , all over he pants , the sink , the mirror , etc . he panic . jessica ( 0.s. ) harry ? be you okay ? harry be you kid ? I could not be more okay . jessica ( 0.s. ) my mom want to know if you can stay for dinner . harry be you kid ? I will be down in a " t-crap - my -pant . " jessica ( 0.s. ) what ? harry come . ext . town MAIN STREET - same time lloyd cruise down the sidewalk on Ray 's floor waxer . the " wax on " lever be accidentally activate from the jostling and wax start to spray out behind he . head on shot of Lloyd drive down the sidewalk as pedestrian behind he slip and fall on the steaming wax . int . jessica's bathroom - moment later the place be now a disaster ! Harry try to hide the chocolate cover towel in the cabinet , spread the mess everywhere . jessica 0.8 . harry , be you come down ? harry just ... clean up . he survey the disaster and realize there be only thing to do . he climb out the window . int . jessica's roof / front yard - continuous he climb out on the roof to escape . lloyd o.s. harry ! harry jump - almost fall off . look , see Lloyd down below . harry Pov : harry oh hey Lloyd , why be you here ? lloyd just want to see how you do . harry I kinda screw thing up . lloyd I be sure you be overreact . harry I do not think so . lloyd you be always you harshest critic . harry she want I to stay for dinner , I do not know what to say to she . lloyd okay , I see this in a movie once . open the dining room window and follow my lead . say what I say . harry good - thanks Lloyd ! I will meet you downstairs , I gotta find some clothes . harry glance in a different window and see some dry clean that look like a look like a man 's blue suit hang on a hook . int . jessica's live room - moment later harry walk down the stair wear the suit . tilt to reveal it 's actually a woman 's pant suit with shoulder pad and a very blousy cut jacket a la Nancy regan circa 1985 . jessica what be you wear ? harry I , uh ... change for dinner . I get dress for all my meal . except breakfast and bath-meal . ( then , bad act ) Boy , it 's hot in here . mind if I open a window ? he open the window . angle on - lloyd sneak up under the window . we CUT back and forth . lloyd ( loud whisper ) harry , can you hear I ? harry yes . jessica yes , what ? lloyd do not answer I . say what I say . harry okay . jessica okay , what ? lloyd you have beautiful eye . harry you have beautiful eye . jessica thank you . lloyd look down to hey , hey , well do you want I do you want I I bet you want I bet you want no , more see the family dog on he leg . lloyd where do you come from ? harry where do you come from ? jessica I be bear in St. Louis . lloyd to pet you head ? harry to pet you head ? lloyd you head scratch . harry you head scratch . jessica why ? I think we still have to talk about . lloyd go to pet the dog 's head and it growl at he . do not snap at lucky I do not lloyd I like that . you be punch you right in the face . do not snap at lucky I do not harry I like that . you be punch you right in the face . she be hurt and take a step back . lloyd now what be you stare at , you ugly monkey ? harry what be you stare at , you ugly monkey ? we see jessica 's waspy father now stand there with she . uh .. impression ... jessica's dad not a great first dinner 's ready . harry then what be we do sit around yapping ? let 's eat ! he put he arm around jessica 's father and lead he into the dining room . harry ( cont would ) so what business be you in , Charlie ? jessica's dad the name 's walter . harry well la de da . lloyd ( whisper ) hey ? hello ? it 's I ? jessica hear this and go to the window . she see Lloyd . jessica lloyd ? ext . jessica's house - continuous jessica open the door . jessica what be you do here ? lloyd check up on my friend , Harry . jessica oh Harry 's do just fine , he 's just about to open up . int . jessica's dine room - continuous harry be now at the table with jessica 's dad , who watch he cut and eat pad of butter . jessica's dad we have get some margarine too if you would like to scoop it out of the tub . harry no , I be fine thanks . jessica's dad well save room for Mrs. matthews famous baked brisket . harry famous ? I have never hear of it . jessica 's mom enter and put the food on the table . she notice Harry 's suit . jessica's mom you know , they make that suit for woman , too . harry 's now stuff a roll in he mouth - he nod . jessica's mom ( cont would ) so I see you like my roll . harry ( mouth full ) sure , I like a woman with some meat on she bone . ext . jessica's house - continuous lloyd so , have you give he " some " yet ? ( he wink ) jessica what ? lloyd you know , " some " . the fag stuff . jessica harry and I have be talk about school . in fact , I want to ask you something . lloyd I know , you want go for a ride . he point to he waxer gyrate around on the lawn , with a trail of smashed flower behind it . jessica where would that come from ? he hold up a giant key chain . lloyd come on , I live with the janitor . I have a key to every room in the school . jessica so could you get we into the principal 's office ? lloyd principal 's office ? yeah , I guess I can swing that . with expert ninja-like agility , Lloyd grab the key . jessica oh , Lloyd ! that 's it . maybe I will get my story after all ! in a fit of exhilaration , she take Lloyd 's face and kiss he on the lip . int . jessica's dine room - continuous jessica 's dad be now calming down . jessica's dad ... now let 's just have a quiet dinner , and forget this ever happen . over this , Harry see jessica kissing Lloyd out the door behind jessica 's dad . he drop he glass of grape juice and it explode in a mess on the white carpet . jessica's mom / jessica's dad aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! harry ( reacting to kiss and then ) ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! jessica's mom I will get the carpet cleaner . jessica's dad I will get some towel ! her father run upstairs as Harry run to the front door . ext . jessica's house - continuous jessica pull away from Lloyd . he 's never feel this feel before . instant love . jessica , be not aware of she impact . just then Harry burst out . harry ( to Lloyd ) two-time slut ! harry ( cont would ) ( to jessica ) and you ! I think you be from St. Louis ! ( back to Lloyd ) I never want to see you again . Captain Rob be right . you be a arrrrrs-hole . lloyd ignore Harry . he can not keep he eye off he new love , jessica . harry ( cont would ) I be go home . after I thank you parent for a wonderful evening . harry go back into the house and shut the door . int . bathroom - continuous jessica 's father enter and see the room cover with brown stain . jessica's dad aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! oh my god ! ext . jessica's house - continuous jessica's dad ( 0.s. ) oh my God , he shit everywhere ! there 's shit everywhere ! oh my God . get up here . there 's shit on the window . Son of a bitch . he shit all over my bathroom . shit. shit - shit - shit . jessica's mom ( 0o.s. ) aaaahh . shit ! oh my God . it 's all poo . there 's poo everywhere . the front door open and Harry walk out try to look dignify for Lloyd 's benefit . after a few step , he start to run down the sidewalk at full speed . jessica so , when can we do it ? lloyd tomorrow night ? jessica's mom o.s. aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! jessica's dad o.s. look !! it 's all shit ! he shit all over ! there 's shit everywhere !! jessica's mom ( 0.s. ) aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! jessica run in , leave Lloyd happy to be in love . int . harry bedroom - continuous harry sit on he bed and tear up the treasure map he mom make for he . harry I be a idiot to ever leave the house , go to school , meet new friend . that will not happen again , will it , Captain ? ( beat ) and you know why ... he push a wall unit book shelf over to block the window . harry ( cont would ) ... because you be never gonna jump ship on I again . he push a book shelf in front of the window , it give way fall apart - spilling it 's content to the floor . harry ( cont would ) ( to Captain Rob ) you do not know that be go to happen ! ext . school MAIN entrance - night lloyd be sit on the front step with flower and a casette tape . he look up at the school 's clock , it read 7:55 . then look at he palm - where he 's draw a pocket watch . it also say 7:55 . lloyd wo not be long now . he look off and we see he Pov , a date fantasy : ext . playboy mansion grotto - night lloyd sit in a hot tub surround by a bevy of playmate . he have they captivate . lloyd ... and that , lady , be why God give woman two breast instead of three . although you be ok . he point at one beautiful girl who have three beautiful breast . they all laugh and giggle . one heretofore unseen jessica emerge from the water , god know what she 's be do . wink wink . jessica oh , baby , you be the bestest . lloyd oh , go on . jessica laugh . lloyd ( cont would ) no seriously , go on . and he push her back underwater . mrs . dunne o.s. oh , Lloyd ... he look and we pan to see the beautiful Mrs. dunne who remove the same mom-pajamas she wear in Harry 's bedroom , revealing a bathing suit as she step into the pool . lloyd Mrs. D ! I be hope you would show up . mrs . dunne oh honey , I would not miss this for the world . lloyd have you get what I want ? mrs . dunne you know I do ! lloyd oh yeah , give it to I . mrs . dunne take Lloyd 's face and virtually eat he face in a kiss that will stop time . lloyd ( cont would ) not what I have in mind but much better than the meatloaf stew . jessica interrupt they as she come up from the under the water hold wet papers . lloyd ( cont would ) ( to Mrs. dunne ) I mean ' give I some pie 's ... jessica lloyd , I finish all of you homework . mrs . dunne approach jessica . mrs . dunne get lose sister he 's mine ! jessica in you dream ! I see he first ! mrs . dunne you only want he for he hot rack . jessica well you only want he because he 's a genius like Albert frankenstein . this start a push match and water slap fight . lloyd Girls ! Girls ! please . they both stop . lloyd ( cont would ) there 's only one , fair way to settle this . make - out contest ! smash CUT to : sfx : ding ding ding both girl square off the come together to kiss each other . lloyd 's the referee , he walk around they to make sure there 's no cheating . he wear a ref 's shirt and bow tie . sfx : buzzer the girl turn to Lloyd so he can announce the winner . mrs . dunne how be that ? lloyd it 's too close to call . ( off they look ) okay next contest , now let ... harry suddenly appear from above riding a jet pack and wear a bad helmet . he land on the side of the jacuzzi . harry lloyd , what be you do ? that 's jessica and ... my mom . lloyd harry , this be my fantasy ! I suggest you leave - before I imagine something horrible . harry but - lloyd harry ! harry you be right . hey , thanks for the jet pack . you fantasy be so much cooler than mine , bye Mom . mrs . dunne smile and wave . Harry fly out of frame he go by a bikini beauty who dive into the pool . we see she underwater . swim by Lloyd a burst of fart bubble come from he short . sfx : underwater bubbles . the bubbles rise to the surface and we see Lloyd . lloyd ( guilty ) oopsy -daisy . jessica and Mrs. dunne stare at Lloyd . jessica lloyd , do you just fart ? close on Lloyd . lloyd ( flirty ) maybe . ext . school MAIN entrance - continuous as she reveal jessica be stand in front of Lloyd at the school and have just really ask Lloyd if he farted . jessica well , something stink . lloyd maybe it 's this mix tape I make you . or maybe this flower . he give jessica the flower and tape . jessica uh , thanks . God I be so excited ! so , be you ready to take I to the principal 's office ? he whip out the key , she take it . lloyd so no small talk ? good , ' cause I do not know how to make that . yep. small talk . not for I . not a fan . ( beat ) get any hobby ? how ' bout this weather ? lloyd look around and she 's go . int . collin office - moment later jessica 's frantically look for something - open drawer , book off shelf , scatter papers . she see a chest , open continue search - unsuccessfully . throw it and jessica nothing . lloyd enter , seductively slide onto Collins ' desk . jessica ( cont would ) what be you do ? lloyd what be you do ? jessica let 's just do it and get out of here . she go back to search the office . loyd watch she . lloyd oh , wow . straight to the business . but okay , I will get ready . lloyd lift he leg up to take off a shoe . he hop around on the other leg , struggle and jump up and down . lloyd ( cont would ) I just can not get it off . jessica I be so close I can feel it . lloyd I too . I be almost there . jessica that 's it . I be do . lloyd that be fast . well , do you at least enjoy it ? jessica no , it be a complete waste of time . lloyd this be so embarrassing , it 's never happen before . well , maybe a couple of time , but I be alone . sfx : horn honk . she look out the window to see a handsome guy sit in a car jessica that 's my boyfriend . lloyd boyfriend ? what about all that talk about riding my waxer ? jessica thanks , Lloyd . but I do not find what I be look for . oh can you do I a favor and clean up ? Collins can not know we be here . she exit . lloyd do not worry ! I do not kiss and tell . ( then ) ooh , messy . lloyd start to clean up . dissolve to : int . collin ' office - later the office be back to normal . Lloyd be just finish when he pick a lamp off the ground and spy a steel chest with a padlock sit under a table in the center of the room . lloyd oh. my. God . the treasure chest . this must be the chest Harry 's be look for . this be it . I find harry 's treasure ! Harry ! Harry ! int . hallway - moment later lloyd be drag the very heavy treasure chest . lloyd ( yell ) harry ! Harry ! ( to himself ) I should probably do this yell at Harry 's house . int . school - moment later lloyd push the chest and it bounce down the stair . int . harry house live room - night harry sit in a chair not watch a episode of laverne and shirley in fact he hate that show . he hear the sound of pebble hit the window . after a beat we see Lloyd 's head slowly appear in the window strain as hard as a face possibly could to look over the ledge . it can not hold the position any more and drop out of frame . a second later , a huge amount of gravel and stone pelt the window . then a gigantic cinder block come fly through the glass . the window explode . Harry look at the cinder block . there be a note attach : " look out window . i'm try to get you attention . " ext . harry house - dine room - continuous reveal Harry 's on the first floor , and Lloyd be inch away outside the window . Harry 's head poke out . lloyd harry ! I find the treasure ! harry go away , assface . lloyd do you hear what I say ? the treasure ! like on you map ! harry yeah , right . why do not you show it to you " girlfriend " ? lloyd jessica and I be through . I could not stand be with she know you like she . it be not worth we friendship . oh , and she also have a boyfriend . harry do you hear something , Captain Rob ? lloyd Captain Rob come back ? harry ( to Captain Rob ) yeah , he do sound like a rat fink . lloyd hey , there 's no reason to use that kind of language ! harry ( beat , then laugh ) good one , Captain Rob . he do look like a you - know - what . lloyd oh , tell inside joke now , be we ? that 's it . you be out of the cool crowd . next time Turk 's pass out wedgy , you be not gettin ' one . harry slam the window . a angry Lloyd storm away . lloyd ( cont would ) we be through , pal . finito . no mas . auf weinerschnitzel . the end . harry sadly watch he go . he pick up he gallon of ice cream and " Tiger beat " magazine , and sulk . as we begin a sad Harry -lloyd montage ... int . ray' basement apartment lloyd have stuff pillow and blanket and have build a stuff Harry . his head be the mound of chew gum from earlier with chemistry goggle and crazy - mop hair attach . lloyd fall asleep on the bed and Harry 's gum - ball head stick to Lloyd . Lloyd wake up and have a siamese twin Harry stick to he . int . special need classroom - next morning lloyd be in front of the class , teach . Harry be whisper to the empty desk next to he and start giggle . lloyd harry , would you like to share with the rest of we what 's so funny ? harry you would not get it . just a private joke between best friend . lloyd snap a piece of chalk in jealous rage . lloyd okay , class . who can tell I who paint the declaration of Independence ? the class ignore he , but Harry shoot he hand in the air . harry ooh , ooh . call on I ! lloyd look around the class , pretend not to see Harry . turk and ching Chong be make out , terri be painting she nail , Toby be asleep on she lap . Carl be near a black - board that have the 'x 's and 'o 's of a football play , he 's scribbling circle around one of the 'x 's , mumble to himself . Lewis be engross in a book - " get that mascot Scholarship . " lloyd no one know ? harry I , I , I ! lloyd the answer be George jefferson . harry slam he fist on the desk in frustration . harry I know that ! lloyd snicker . int . cafeteria - day harry , spitting food out talk . the kid across from he leave , disgust . directly behind he , Lloyd be do the same thing . the people across from he leave . Harry and Lloyd both turn and see each other , almost have a moment - then get mad again and turn back . Harry finally decide to make amend and turn back around - but Lloyd 's go . ext . pete' fish shanty - night out in front of this fish - theme restaurant , Lewis - dress in a pirate 's costume , be talk to the owner . lewis I have a lot of experience wear mascot suit and I can start most morning at eleven . except for thursdays , when I can start at ten . owner do not you have school ? lewis kind of . not really . owner alright , just do not piss anyone off and you have get the job . lewis I will not let you down , sir . lewis put on a giant foam pirate head . ext . pete' fish shanty - later - night lloyd walk by the restaurant as Lewis , now in the foam head , stand outside pass out coupon . lewis hey , Lloyd . lloyd stop dead in he track and turn around . lloyd do I know you ? lewis duh . I be in you class at school . lloyd oh my God , it 's really you . you be harry 's friend , right ? lewis I do not know if you would call we " friend " ... lloyd you really be a pirate . lewis can you believe it ? lloyd so I be a '' arrrrrs-hole " , eh Captain Rob ? lewis what be you talk about ? lloyd exit frame . we hold a beat , as Lewis hand out a flyer then Lloyd come flying through frame , tackling Lewis . on the ground he slug he through the eye-patch in he pirate head . lloyd I want my friend back ! lloyd storm off . Lewis Pov : from the hole in the head , he see the owner come outside and stand over he . Lewis take he pirate head off . owner I think I have to let you go . and you gotta pay for the bust head . int . harry live room N next morning there be static on the tv , Harry 's fall asleep on the couch . pebbles hit he now tape up window , it wake he up . harry look and see Lloyd 's head pop up and down as if jump up from a lower floor . he walk over revealing they be on the first floor , and Lloyd 's outside do push-up harry lloyd , do girlie push -up be not go to impress I . lloyd stand up . lloyd well how about this . lloyd point to the gigantic polar bear from the museum stand on the side of the house behind he . harry you take the polar bear out of it 's natural habitat ? smash CUT to : int . natural history museum - continuous a mom and she little girl stand in front of the Arctic exhibit . Little baby polar bear surround the place where the big polar bear use to be . a little girl be with she mom . little girl mommy , where 's the daddy polar bear ? mom he be shot by a hunter . just like you father . back to : ext . harry bedroom - continuous harry lean out he upstairs window . harry ( angry ) lloyd ! I can not believe you ! just when I think I could not get any madder at you , you do something like this ... lloyd 's face fall . harry ( cont would ) ( ecstatic ) ... and I can not even remember why I be mad at you ! get that polar bear off my lawn , and bring it up to my room ! lloyd 's look tell we it will never fit through the door . int . harry stair - moment later lloyd and Harry drag the polar bear up the stair , knock picture off the wall . lloyd by the way , do Captain Rob mention how I beat the crap out of he this afternoon ? harry no . what happen ? lloyd ( cover ) nothing . why , whaddya hear ? ext . high school - monday morning kid arrive at school . Lloyd and Harry walk up , one wear a polar bear jacket and the other in polar bear pants . they see Lewis with a black eye . lloyd hey buddy , what happen to you ? see Lloyd , Lewis run off in the other direction . harry must be jealous of we polar wear . int . principal collins' office - later Collins frantically look around the office . Ms. heller enter . ms . heller baby , I be go to spend the morning at the mall . you know , shop for waikiki . honey , what be you look for ? principal collin the chest ! the chest that I put my papers in . ms . heller what papers ? principal collin the document . the photo ! the tape ! the evidence . ms . heller the evidence of what ? principal collin sweetheart keep up with I for half a minute . the evidence of every scam we ever pull . the evidence that 's go to put we away for twenty year . now Ms. heller start to panic . ms . heller where be it ? principal collin I do not know where it be . it 's not here . it 's be steal . ms . heller wait a minute , I think I know who steal it . principal collin no you do not know who steal it . just let I do the think . Collins pace for beat . principal collin ( cont would ) okay , what have you get ? ms . heller it be jessica . that girl who try to follow I on the field trip . principal collin jessica . be you sure ? ms . heller she 's be snooping around a lot , ask question . principal collin okay , I will take care of jessica . ms . heller be you go to kill she ? principal collin ( exasperate to the noh degree ) why do not you see to it the kid be ready for the parade tomorrow . I have to pay somebody a little visit . ext . special need classroom a establish angle on the dilapidate building int . special need CLASS - later ms . heller be address the class . we see on the blackboard behind she , she have write ' special need parade float project ' and a poor chalk-sketch of a float . ms . heller so , any idea for a float ? harry and Lloyd , best friend once again , sit near the front . lloyd a raft . harry a blimp . lloyd a turd . ms. heller not thing that float . idea for a float . can we hear from anyone else ? the class ignore she . as Toby flirt with terri , Lewis lift he wallet from he back pocket . lloyd sorry , Ms. heller . I think they be use to I teach . ms . heller ( to other ) people ! come on . " parade " float . ching chong nod she head like she get it and stand up next to Turk . ching chong ting tao kuun jahn leeka leeka powww . turk ( overlap with a stereotypical asian accent ) she 's say ... a beautiful swan ... ching chong sleeeeew sheek baw ... turk ... fly gracefully ... over the rice field . ching chong look very lovingly at Turk . ching chong kan maaaaw Roy orbison kin nah mah oh che . turk ... to the tune of " only the Lonely " by Roy orbison . ms. heller ( get impatient ) focus . this be for Thanksgiving . now think hard - what be you all thankful for ? nobody really care - except for Lloyd and Harry who think hard . Lewis have Toby 's wallet and take cash out . lloyd ( call out ) George Washington ! harry who ? lloyd ( point to the dollar bill that Lewis have ) hello , he only invent money ! toby take he wallet back and smack Lewis . ms . heller that 's not bad . how about a float of George Washington crossing the delaware ? lloyd or maybe crossing a river ! harry like the Atlantic ! ms . heller so it 's settle . toby you mean we have to parade around in front of everyone ? turk on a float of George Washington ? lloyd this be gonna be the best Thanksgiving ever ! terri we be gonna look like idiot . ms . heller exactly . toby no way . ms . heller do I mention if you do not make a float , there will be no special need class next semester ? lloyd and Harry look horrify . ms. heller ( cont would ) which mean back to homework , real grade and actually have to attend class . this sink in for a beat , then as one they all run out . ext . float build montage - day we hear the theme from the " a - team " re-mix with a eban schletter brass section . we see some quick smash cut of the individual kid grab the piece that will make up the float . they include : hand grab tool off of the tractor shed 's wall . extreme close - up of a hammer drive nail . extreme angle on a wood see cut through wood . turk rip out some heating duct , hand it down to ching Chong . extreme close - up of a paint brush painting on wood . lloyd carry roll of toilet paper from a supply room - trail a piece from he pants , err - I mean , poophole . carl do a rush towards a chicken wire fence - pull it out around he . lewis , toby and terri roll he up in it like it 's a rug and sneakily walk away . close on the famous painting , " Washington cross the delaware " . Lewis lower the print to reveal a pretty decent replica of the picture - now do as a parade float . the whole class congratulate themselves . int . principal collin ' car - moment later Collins be drive with jessica in he snazzy old cutlass . principal collin you have some question . jessica last year Toby be in a.p. English . and Lewis win the Science Fair . what be they do in special need ? principal collin poor question . too wordy . a good question get right to the point . example , where 's my chest ? jessica I do not know what you be talk about . principal collin oh I think you do . he click the automatic lock click as the car make a turn . jessica ( scared ) my parent be go to wonder where I be . principal collin one phone call from the principal will take care of that , my dear . ext . big ' a' gas not STUFF - moment later principal collin be on a pay - phone while jessica sit in he car outside . principal collin ( do a high - pitch girl 's voice ) hello ? it 's I , Brenda . jessica 's friend . she want I to call you and tell you we be go to the liberry ... yes - Brenda ... int . big ' a' gas not STUFF - continuous close on slushee machine . ext . big ' a' gas not STUFF - continuous harry and Lloyd stand outside the store , eyeing the slushee machine inside . they be drool like dog . lloyd wow , we build a whole float in one afternoon . and now the reward . harry what do you mean ? we can not go in there or we will be " it " . cale , appear next to the slushee machine and look out at harry and Lloyd . he rub the machine sexily and give they a " you want it ? come and get it " look . harry ( cont would ) what 's so bad about be " it " ? lloyd if you have to ask , you do not know . harry yeah , that 's why I ask . lloyd you certainly do . harry I know I do . lloyd sorry , no further question . a ten year-old kid walk out of the store . lloyd ( cont would ) hey , kid , you wanna make two dollar ? ten year-old kid sure . lloyd go in there and get we two slushee . ten year-old kid okay . lloyd do we have a deal ? ten year-old kid yeah , deal . give I the two dollar . lloyd ha ! I say " doll -hair . " psych ! but a deal 's a deal , my friend . in you go . ten year-old kid Fine . give I the doll hair . lloyd uh-oh. Harry ? harry shake he head . ten year-old kid a deal 's a deal . harry would you take five buck instead ? harry hand he five buck and the kid run inside . Harry and Lloyd high - five . they watch as the kid walk into the store and ask for two slushee . ext . big ' a' gas not STUFF - moment later principal collin be still on the pay-phone while jessica sit in he car outside . principal collin ( still do the high - pitch girl 's voice ) yes Mrs. matthews , we have lot of study to do so we be go to pull a all nighter ... no , we be not meeting boy . if only . ext . big ' a' gas not STUFF - continuous the kid come out hold two slushee . he hand they to harry and Lloyd . harry / lloyd slushee ! / yum ! lloyd and Harry look at cale through the glass and make a big scene to let he know they get slushee from he without have to go inside . they do a big " we-have - slushee - and - wedid not - have - to-go-inside " dance . he tag Harry . cale laugh at now - butthead " the kid start ten year-old kid that guy tell I to give you this . ten year-old kid ( cont would ) you be it . harry / lloyd awww . / nooo. they from inside . he give they the famous " you be - it - dance . ten year-old kid and grow up . to walk off . lloyd he say that ? over he shoulder -- and he 's go . tag Lloyd . ten year-old kid no , that 's from I . Harry and Lloyd watch he go for a beat . then , Harry harry you be it . lloyd be not . harry be , too . lloyd D2 . harry 's about to take a big drink . Lloyd stop he . harry it 's okay . I want the rush . lloyd no. look . lloyd point to jessica , sit alone in Collins ' park car . harry hey , it 's jessica . lloyd that must be she boyfriend 's car . they see principal Collins hang up the phone , walk over to the car and get in . lloyd ( cont would ) look , it 's principal Collins ! harry and Lloyd look at each other . harry principal collin be she boyfriend ! lloyd now it make total sense why she do not want he to know we be in he office the other night . Collins start up the car . lloyd ( cont would ) do not let he see we . harry and Lloyd run over to the gas pump and try to hide by look nonchalant . over the follow , Harry pump gas into a side window of a car while Lloyd actually spray gas all over the windshield . harry no wonder we both strike out with she . who can compete with the sexual power of the man who occupy the high office in the land ? lloyd he 's like the Pope . like we be gonna snake a girl away from the Pope . harry hey , let 's go spy on they . Collins back out of the gas station . Harry and Lloyd put the gas pump back . Lloyd jump in a shopping cart and Harry start push . cale come out of the store , take a drag of he cigarette and get in he car ( the car Harry and Lloyd gass up and in ) . ext . CITY STREET - continuous harry and Lloyd have wheeled after Collins , when a huge explosion erupt . the gas pump be now a ball of fire . harry and Lloyd stop , look back and stare . from above , cale fly into frame , landing right in front of they . harry oh my god , be you alright ? cale yeah , I think . lloyd lean down and poke he . lloyd you be it ! ( to Harry ) come on Harry , let 's go . cale hey ! that 's my shopping cart ! the boy race off in the cart , down the street , follow Collins . int . principal collin car - continuous they be oblivious to the explosion behind they . jessica so what do you say to my parent on the phone ? principal collin not to expect you tonight . through the rear window we see Harry and Lloyd roll up in the cart and crouch down . ext . CITY STREET - same time harry and Lloyd grab on to the rear bumper of the car and hang on as Collins drive on . ext CITY STREET - moment later harry and Lloyd riding Collins ' car through the street . they swing out into the street and almost crash head - on into a FIRE truck with a dalmation riding on top . they turn back and watch it go away . harry cute puppy . lloyd he must be on he way to pee out a fire . up ahead , they see a ' mr . softee ' ice cream truck with a softserve cone on top . harry hey , look . Ice cream . lloyd you think what I be think ? as Collins ' car stop for a red light , the boy race through the intersection and grab a hold of the ice cream truck . int . mr. softee ice cream truck - continuous we see that the driver have no idea what 's go on . ext . another CITY STREET - a little later the boy be at the side window of the ice cream truck , now each hold ice cream cone . lloyd hey Harry , want dessert ! they split off from the ice cream truck . CUT to : int . / ext . coley dog - hot dog car - continuous tight on the hot Dog ship 's Captain then boom out to see it 's actually a hot Dog car and the Boy 's be at the back eat dog that be cover in ketchup and mustard . happy as can be they all motor off down the road . int . collins' live room - night principal collin I be go to ask you one last time and if I do not get a answer , I do not even want to think about the consequence which would be frightening to say the least . where 's my chest , jessica ? jessica I do not know what you be talk about . Collins empty out jessica 's backpack . he hold up a tape . principal collin well , what have we here ? it appear be a tape . jessica that 's not you tape . principal collin then where do you get this not my tape . jessica that's not you tape . principal collin do not play with I dear , you be way out of you league . Collins exit with the tape . ext . collin house - moment later harry and Lloyd road weary and wind blow , approach the house . they peek in a window and see the back of jessica 's head . she 's alone in the room . Harry tap on the window . harry jessica ! jessica turn , see Harry and Lloyd outside the window . they be a mess - cover in ice cream , ketchup and mustard . jessica harry ! Lloyd ! you guy be a mess . lloyd ( debonair ) look like the best man win . harry why do not you tell we you boyfriend be principal Collins ? jessica what ? no! look. she hold up she hand which be handcuff to the table . harry / lloyd kinky ! suddenly they hear the sound of Lloyd 's mix tape . lloyd hey , that 's my mix tape ! you be use it for you seduction ? I be flatter . int . collin study - continuous Collins be at a tape recorder , look very confuse at lloyd 's sing . he press fast forward and be annoyed when all he hear be Lloyd 's rambling . lloyd ... if I may quote the twentieth century poet ( mispronounce ' piscopo ' ) - Joe piscahpo : ( like billy Crystal ) you look marvelous ... int . collin live room - continuous jessica lloyd , when we be in principal Collins 's office , do you see any kind of chest ? lloyd harry 's treasure chest ? sure . I know where that be . harry you find my treasure ? why do not you tell I . lloyd Three word . I do . but you be all mad at I and would not listen . harry well , I be listen now . lloyd I , too . this be my favorite part of the tape . lloyd bop along as he listen to he mix tape . jessica harry , Lloyd , listen to I . I only have time to say this once . Collins be a criminal . he 's kidnap I . the evidence you need to convict he be in that chest . you have get to take what 's in that chest and make sure people know about it before the parade tomorrow and Collins and heller get they money and leave town ... the boy hear none of this . we hear they thought as they mind wander . lloyd ( v.o. ) God she 's cute . look at she tooth . I bet she could bite through anything . yes , yes she could . jessica see Lloyd nodd like he 's pay attention . she look at Harry , who 's also nodd . harry ( v.o. ) I wonder what Lloyd 's think about ? ( Harry glance over at lloyd , then back at jessica ) look at all that hair . she must have million of tiny hole in she head . otherwise it would just bunch all up on she brain ... jessica so guy , you listen to I ? harry / lloyd yeah . / sure . jessica remember , before the parade . harry / lloyd right , right . the parade . just then Ms. heller enter in the background with some suitcase . harry hey look , it 's we teacher . jessica of course , she 's in on it too . do not let she see you . just go get that chest and show the world what Collins have be do . I be stay here . lloyd ( lewdly ) obviously . ms . heller ( call out to jessica ) so miss snoopy reporter girl , it appear that you have snooped yourself into a corner and snoopcuffed yourself to a desk . whose wear the coconut bra now ? jessica just stare at she . mrs . heller well I just have one word for you . aloha . the one that mean goodbye ! with confidence , heller head off down the hallway . jessica ( to Harry and Lloyd ) do not worry about I , I will be fine . I can take care of myself and I be get the story every high school reporter dream of . lloyd ( to Harry ) " my dream date with principal Collins . " harry I wish I be the one write that story . int . special need classroom - day tight on the lock as Lloyd be about to break it . Harry stop he . harry you know Lloyd , the real treasure be we friendship . lloyd how true . but I still feel I deserve more than you do of this treasure . I mean , I find it . harry but my mom give I the map . lloyd I lug it all over town ! harry I make the polar bear pants . lloyd but I eat you Mom 's pie . harry ( struggle ) I ... find that rock . lloyd it be a diamond and you swallow it . harry we be all out of top hat . lloyd enough ! look what this curse chest be do to we . harry I do not know who we be anymore . tight on the trunk . Lloyd break the lock . they open the chest , music swell . we see a shot of Collins ' incriminate file , photo , etc . harry ( cont would ) what be all this ? lloyd I have no idea - it 's full of file and document and tape . harry do you know what this mean ? harry / lloyd ( ecstatic ) we be rich ! they take the chest content and throw it like gold coin . lloyd buddy , we hit the jackpot ! int . special need classroom - moment later harry and Lloyd roll around in the papers and rub they all over they body . Harry pick up a casette tape . harry hey Lloyd . this look like another one of you mix tape . lloyd maybe the pirate who bury this treasure chest make it . put it on . harry stick the tape in a player . principal collin ( 0.s. ) principal 's log , September twenty third . check , check , sound check , check . harry hey , it 's principal Collins . lloyd that make total sense . the treasure chest be in he office . which mean principal Collins be a pirate ! I be surprised Captain Rob never mention he . harry that 's because Captain Rob be not a pirate . we have be through this . principal collin ( 0.s. ) test , testing , one two three ... harry Boy , he mix tape really be not as good as yours , Lloyd . principal collin ( 0.s. ) check , check , check , check ... harry although he speak pretty good chinese . lloyd that 's not chinese . lloyd fast forward the tape . we hear fast forward noise . lloyd ( cont would ) that 's chinese . lloyd press play again . principal collin ( 0.s. ) ... find idiot for phony special need class , take the moffit grant money and deposit it in a illegal personal account ... lloyd hmm , I do not get it . harry what be it jessica want we to do with this chest again ? lloyd something about show the world what principal Collins have do . harry right . she 's so proud of she boyfriend . lloyd fast forward a little more . lloyd see the heller leave . lloyd start 's principal collin ( 0.s. ) ... and that be how I , principal Collins , become the mastermind behind this glorious plan . and the special need brat do not know anything about it . it 's the crime of the century . lloyd he 's right . we have commit the crime of the century . harry what ? what do we do ? lloyd we never thank he for give we we special need class . harry ( eureka ! ) that 's what jessica be talk about ! lloyd she want we to show the world what a great guy principal Collins be . harry and like she say , do it before the parade . poor chalk draw of a float on the blackboard that lloyd a float ! harry that 's it . build he a float for the Thanksgiving Day parade ! modify the float-sketch - it 's scribble . lloyd harry , we find the real thing to be thankful for . screw George Washington ! harry yes. screw George Washington . just like Marilyn Monroe do . int . tractor shed - that night the door open to reveal we be inside the darken room as the overhead door slide open revealing Harry and Lloyd , hand on hip , ready to work . harry ready Lloyd ? lloyd put a fork in I Harry , let get start . lloyd hit the light to reveal the float of George Washington build by the special need class . Lloyd pick up a sledgehammer . lloyd ( cont would ) good bye , George Washington , hello principal collin . harry stop he . harry wait a minute ! have you ever notice principal Collins look a little like George Washington ? harry hold we a photo of Collins . lloyd no . I think he look a lot like George Washington . lloyd start to swing he hammer . Harry stop he . harry wait , wait ! lloyd harry , be we gonna build this thing or not ? harry lloyd , what I be say be we may already have what we want . lloyd take a long look at Collins ' photo , then at Washington 's head . he smile at Harry . lloyd oh . I get it now . once again he raise he hammer to take another swing , and harry restrain he , the two share a awkward moment . ext . school stadium - next morning we start close on a small aquarium that have be all tape together ( from the bus chase ) , the nebbish guy stand nearby as we boom up past a midway carnival to see the High School 's Thanksgiving Day parade be in progress . the bleacher be full of student and townspeople watch . cheerleader carry a banner read , " providence hill high school thanksgive 1986 " . ext . bleacher - continuous principal collin be nervously watch . heller approach and sit down next to he . ms . heller so the chest be still out there somewhere . principal collin yes . so as soon as Zimmer show up , we will get we check and blow this pop stand before anyone find out anything . ms . heller ( look at parade ) this band sound terrible . we see the march band play instrument that be old , damage or home make . principal collin I sell all the wind instrument . ( hold up ticket ) Hawaiian Air , business class . and you like that new fur coat ? ms . heller Love it ! principal collin well there 's a reason why that mascot be not a stallion anymore . in front of a marching band be a boy lead a goat , hold a flag read " go stallion ! " ms . heller this be horse ? principal collin no ... no it 's not horse , you see I sell the horse . behind the boy , Ray be drive a cadillac convertible , wave at the crowd . a sign on the car read " custodian of the Year " . and a ad that read : ' buy original Ray 's wax - make from real ketchup and mustard ! ' ext . tractor shed - continuous toby ( 0.s. ) what the hell ? int . tractor shed - continuous we hear the marching band in the distance , as the special need student , Toby , terri , Carl , Turk , ching Chong and lewis be look up in disbelief . turk what would you moron do ? where 's George Washington ? terri yeah , why would you give he a makeover ? reveal Harry and Lloyd put the finish touch on the new float . they have re-sculpted " Washington crossing the delaware " into " principal Collins the pirate " . with he statue now on a pirate ship . this be all make from find object that be in the special need class and tractor shed . the statue 's glass be make from shovel and George Washington 's white hair be now black and he have bushy black eyebrow match Collins . just then Lewis enter wear the tatter old horse mascot uniform and carry the head . half he hair be cut close and tatter . lewis sorry I be late but I wake up tie to the bed and ... he see 's Washington / Collins eyebrow . lewis ( cont would ) hey - that 's my hair ! someone cut it while I sleep ! harry and Lloyd ' act casual 's whistle and look around . the kid walk closer in towards the float and we see : washingto n's / Collins ' outstretch hand have be replace with a pirate 's hook fashioned from the heating duct . there 's a large sign that read , " principal pirate " and the original treasure chest be now prominently display as part of the float . the whole thing be attach to Lloyd 's waxer with a rope . Harry and Lloyd walk to the side of the boat harry guy , this be much better . lloyd principal collin be a great american than George Washington will ever be . turk I do not get it . why would you make he a pirate ? ching chong ( 0.s. ) ( break the silence ) I will tell you why ! reveal ching Chong at the treasure chest look through it . for the first time ching Chong speak in a perfect american accent . ching chong ( cont would ) you will not believe this document . they provide evidence of a long history of fraud and embezzlement from the school by principal Collins and Ms. heller , a.k.a. the lunch Lady . harry oh my god . can you believe you ear ? lloyd yeah ! no more click and whistle ! now she speak perfect English ! harry you be a great teacher , Lloyd . turk approach ching Chong . turk ( sadden ) ching chong , what happen to you beautiful asian accent ? ching chong ( no accent ) actually , my name be Cindy , the accent just help I meet boy . she notice Turk 's sad face . ching chong ( cont would you want it back - you get it Joe ! turk brighten and hug she as they join the other who be now examine the document . toby we get state money for a ski club ? we never have a ski club . terri Collins take two thousand dollar that be suppose to go to a new state of the art stallion mascot uniform . lewis I never see that . why have I be wear this one with puke in the head ? turk we have gotta tell people about Collins . ext . school build - STREET adjacent - day a small group of student rush by as Police detective moffit ( dana gould ) get out of he unmarked police car . School superintendent zimmer approach . zimmer I be not sure if I can do this . moffit sure you can . we gotta nail this guy . you will be fine . zimmer Collins can be a pretty crafty guy , what do I do if he smell the trap . moffit ( as he hide he badge ) I do not think he will smell anything - just make sure he take the check . I have be through this a hundred time . zimmer well you know detective , he 's expect ( finger in quote ) ' moff£it ' to be someone who have ... certain ... well ... moffit ( interrupt he ) yeah , I get it . do not worry I study act at the police academy just let I do the talk and you will be fine . zimmer walk off and be follow by moffit . ext . bleacher continuous - day superintendent roger zimmer approach principal Collins . superintendant zimmer principal collin . principal collin ah , superintendent Zimmer , hello . ( more ) superintendant zimmer I would like to introduce you to Richard moffit - former special need student and now american success story . he gesture to mr . moffit , who be mid 30' . Collins notice that he 's only wear one shoe , the other foot be bare . principal collin ( to Zimmer ) it seem Mr. moffit have forget he shoe . superintendant zimmer ( shrug , then quietly ) what be you gonna do . at least today he remember he pants . ( then , to moffit ) Richard , this be principal Collins . principal collin take moffit 's hand and shake it - do not let go - Collins see a fold paper in he pocket ( check ? ) . principal collin Mr. moffit , it 's a great pleasure to meet you sir . and be that what I think it be ...? moffit pull the paper out of he pocket , it be a child like drawing of a airplane . moffit yes ! I draw this . Collins look at Zimmer . Zimmer put hand in air as ' quote ' . zimmer ( whisper ) special need . principal collin be not you go to present to the grant check today . moffit ( interrupt ) I be strong ! zimmer ( to moffit ) yes you be . ( to Collins ) zimmer ( cont would ) I think Mr. moffit be look forward to see the float from you special need class first . he pat a envelope in he breast pocket . principal Collins stare at the envelope . moffit I can turn on all the faucet in my house . ( close to Collins ) even the hose . zimmer ( to moffit ) but we do not drink from the house do we . Collins react uncomfortably to all this ... angle on a few other float and a band pass . close - on margie the bus driver . margie ( lean out window ) move it will ya ! c'mon I get better thing to do . reveal she 's drive the special need bus that be now pulling the special need float - with the entire CLASS riding it . she 's yell at the band ahead of she . ms . heller oh , here it come . you be gonna love what the child have do . close on Harry and Lloyd on the float . harry start the tape , Lloyd . lloyd Roger that , wilco . harry grab two rod which be attach to the Collins float head and operate the mouth . Lloyd hit a tape recorder button and Collins ! voice come booming out of speaker . principal collin voice ( 0.s. ) I find a way to bilk enough money from the school to put we over the top . angle on : principal Collins and the other in the bleacher . moffit ( pull he jacket ) that sound like you ! principal collin oh my God . they get the chest ! superintendant zimmer be that a float of you , Collins ? why be you a pirate ? back to float where we continue to hear Collins ' voice blare from the speaker that be attached to the float . principal collin voice ( 0.s. ) we have do it all . trilingual education ... twelve hundred dollar for fake mock government ... twelve hundred charge tuition ... just then police car zoom up and screech to a halt . two police officer jump out with jessica . harry oh , good . there 's jessica . lloyd how could she miss this ? this whole salute to Collins be she idea . angle on bleacher again . principal collin I do not know what that kid be do . nothing they do make any sense . that 's why we start the special need class . ( see police ) and that 's why we need that check ! Collins grab the check ... angle on the float . Harry and Lloyd see Collins run away . harry hey there go principal Collins ! lloyd he 's so modest . probably embarrassed by all the attention . harry well , that 's too bad , this be he day . Collins see the police come from the other direction , so he turn around and start run back - towards the float . harry ( cont would ) oh , good , he 's reconsider . harry wave at jessica , drop the hydraulic rod connect to the pirate hook . just then , Collins run by , and get 's catch up on the hook . harry resume he rod motion - which raise Collins into the air . held only by the back of he jacket . reveal Collins - now dangling from the hook of the pirate Collins float . heller sees this and try to make a hasty retreat out the back , turn face to face with jessica and a burly policeman . heller ( casually ) oh , hello jessica . jessica now who 's go to be handcuff ? heller make a feeble attempt to run , but the cop easily pick she up , as jessica head towards the boy . angle back on Collins still struggle on the hook . principal collin ( yell ) I do it all for the child ... the crowd laugh and point . moffit act as if he get free pickle in he ice cream . moffit this be the best parade ever ! dissolve to : ext . police car - a half hour later jessica and all of the special need kide watch as a handcuff Collins and Ms. heller be put in a police car . jessica he 's go to be in jail for a long time . lloyd principal of jail . wow . what a promotion . harry that inmate be lucky ! jessica's boyfriend o.s. jessica ! jessica turn and see 's she boyfriend . jessica ( to Harry and Lloyd ) see you guy later . she run off to she great- look jock boyfriend . harry oh my God ! she 's two - timing principal collin ! lloyd and with that complete loser jessica and she boyfriend run off . ext . STREET / school adjacent - moment later the boy 's walk away from a school parking lot . lloyd ya know Harry , I think this whole experience have sour I on woman . harry yeah , we should never let a woman come between we again . lloyd I do not think that will happen . we have learn a valuable lesson we will not ever forget . they hear a loud honk , turn to see a cool 4 seater sport car with two hot identical twin girl in match sexy outfit . frieda Excuse we ... you be Harry and Lloyd right ? harry actually , I be Harry and he 's Lloyd . frieda well , we be the felcher . my name 's freida and this be rita . rita we be go to go check out the all girl 's college . do you guy want to come ? harry sure ! harry step forward , but be quickly stop by Lloyd . lloyd ( whisper to Harry ) hold up . first , we have to decide who get who , remember ? no more competition ? harry ( step back ) right . lloyd okay . which one do you want ? harry check out the identical twin hotty . harry the one on the leave . lloyd damn ! what be the odd ? harry what ? lloyd that 's the one I want . they both look at the girl , as we pan from one to another . there 's not a difference between they . harry she 's one of a kind . lloyd try one in a million ! harry well , what should we do ? lloyd take a beat figure it out . lloyd you take she . harry ( firm ) no Lloyd . chick be for fag - I be not go to do it . lloyd take a moment to figure it all out . then make the decision . lloyd ( to the girl ) look , why do not you girl go on without we okay ? harry smile . the girl look confuse . lloyd walk closer to the girl on the leave ( in the passenger seat ) . lloyd ( cont would ) you may find a great guy like Harry someday - but I would not count on it . ( glance at the other girl - quickly ) oh , and I be sure you be friend here be real sweet too . hear this , the girl be miff , and speed away . the back tire spin up the gutter full of mud . harry thanks Lloyd . you be always look out for I . lloyd see the mud come he way . lloyd look out ! lloyd jump out of the way pulling harry in front of he . harry 's upper body get 's soak in the muddy , poo - like coating . lloyd peek out from behind muddy Harry . lloyd ( cont would ) phew , that be close ... harry - turn away , step into the street to wipe the mud from he face . harry start to reply when he be hit by a car ! knocked out of frame . smash CUT to : harry scream - see through the windshield of the car that hit he . the car come to a rapid stop , as Harry hold on to the windshield wiper - he face press up tightly against the glass . still cover in wet mud - he open 's he eye . harry Charlie ? reveal it 's jessica's dad ( Bob saget ) ! who can not help but be freak out by the shit cover loser attach to he windshield . so he scream . jessica's dad not you ! not again ! look what you have do ! there 's shit all over my car ! harry get off the car as Lloyd approach . harry sorry , Charlie . lloyd hey , where would you go ? they see jessica 's dad freaking out in the car as they start to walk away . lloyd ( cont would ) what 's with he ? harry beat I . it 's jessica 's dad - she say he 's really anal . lloyd that 's gross . harry I know . as we fade out , jessica 's dad continue to scream about he shit - cover car . the end