fade in : ext . providence , rhode island - winter morning a pretty young woman be stand on the street corner wait for a bus . she 's carry book and look very collegiate . a black stretch limousine with darken window drive past , slam on its brake , and back up . the Young woman stare at she reflection in the window , wonder what this be all about . finally , the rear passenger window zip down , revealing lloyd christmas , age 30 . he 's a pleasant - enough look guy , if a little shaggy . he 's wear a dark suit . lloyd Excuse I , can you tell I how to get to the medical school ? I be suppose to be give a lecture in twenty minute and my driver 's a bit lose . young woman ( heavy european accent ) go straight ahead and make a leave over za bridge . Lloyd check out she body . lloyd I could not help notice the accent . you from Jersey ? young woman ( unimpress ) Austria . lloyd Austria ? you be kid . ( mock -australian accent ) well , g'day , mate . what do you say we get together later and throw a few shrimp on the barbie . the Young woman turn she back to he and walk away . lloyd ( cont 'd ) ( to self ) guess I will not be go down under tonight ... he sigh and zip the window back up . 2 . int . limo Lloyd climb through the driver 's partition into the front seat . then he put a chauffeur cap on he head and drive away . we see that he's the driver ! the dispatch radio crackle to life : dispatcher ( v.o. ) carr 22 , come in , car 22 ... Lloyd grab he cb mike . lloyd this be 22 . dispatcher 22 , where the hell be you , Lloyd ? you be run late on the East side pick -up . lloyd cool you jet , arnie . I be on my way . dispatcher ( v.o. ) well hurry it up . and make sure you park legally . one more ticket and you ass be history . CUT to : ext . mutt cut dog salon - day this building be white with black spot on it , like a dalmation . over the front door be a awning shape like a dog's snout , whisker include . a van pull up outside . the vehicle be decorate like a giant poodle , with four leg hang off the side , a tail in the rear , and a dog 's snout on the front grill . mutt cut be write on the side of it . harry dunne climb out . he 's in he early 30 and dress in a ridiculous beagle costume , include a cap with floppy ear . he go to the rear of the van , open it , and a swarm of dog pile out . harry okay , gang , single file . you know the rule : no push , no humping , and no sniff heiny ... 3. the door to the shop open and Harry 's annoyed boss , mr . palmer , stick he head out . palmer hey , why be not that mutt on leash ? harry the same reason you be not on a leash , sir because it 's demean and it chafe like hell . palmer just get they in here now ! they all have to be bath and clipped in a hour . palmer disappear back inside . Harry call to the dog but they pay no attention . he struggle to keep they from wander off . he grab a couple of SMALL pooches and sit they on a wall . harry you kid stay right here ... as he turn to round up the other , we discover that the wall be not a wall it 's a flatbe truck . the truck drive away , take the two dog with it . harry ( cont 'd ) ( at truck ) hey , wait a minute ! Harry chase after the vehicle . CUT to : ext . east side estate - day Lloyd Christmas pull the limousine into a long , tree -line driveway . he get out and look up in awe at a impressive stone mansion . he whistle to himself , then walk to the front oor and ring the bell . the double - front door of the mansion open and mary swanson appear . she 's 25 and gorgeous . Lloyd 's jaw drop open when he lay eye on she . mary hello. ( beat ) I will be just a minute ... 4. as Mary step back inside , Lloyd take out a tiny can of binaca . he spray he mouth , under he arm , he hair , behind he ear ... CUT to : int . limo - day Lloyd be drive and Mary be in the back , look out the window , lose in think . she 's get a briefcase rest on she lap and she finger the leather nervously . Lloyd keep glance at she in the rear-view mirror , but for a moment he be speechless . then : lloyd why you go to the airport ? Flying somewhere ? mary ( dead - pan ) how would you guess ? lloyd well , I see you luggage , then when I notice the airline ticket , I put two and two together . ( beat ) so where you head ? mary aspen . lloyd oh , you be gonna love it . I hear California 's beautiful this time of year . Mary look back out the window and Lloyd sneak another glance . lloyd ( cont 'd ) name 's Christmas . Lloyd Christmas . mary I be Mary . on lloyd - we can almost see he mind work . he 's desperate to impress she . lloyd uh , this be not my real job , you know . it 's only temporary . 5 . mary oh ? lloyd yeah , you see , my friend Harry and I be save up we money so we can open we own pet store . mary that 's nice . lloyd ( smile ) I get worm . mary I beg you pardon ? lloyd that 's what we be gonna call it : I get worm . we be gonna specialize in sell worm farm you know , like ant farm . a lot of people do not realize that worm make much better pet than ant . they be quiet , affectionate , they do not bite , and they be super with the kid . mary be not ant quiet , too ? Lloyd realize she have a point . lloyd uh ... well , sure but they be not half as affectionate . and if you cut a ant 's head off , it will not grow back . mary I see . lloyd and best of all , worm farming be a seventy - five- thousand - dollar - a - year industry . I would not mind have a piece of that pie , if you know what I mean . to she credit , she do not . they continue drive . Mary look at she watch and cross she leg . Lloyd can see that she 's concerned about something . 6 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? Little tense about the flight ? mary ( beat ) something like that . Lloyd swivel around and stare over he shoulder at she . lloyd it 's really nothing to worry about , Mary . statistically , they say you be more likely to get kill on the way to the airport . you know , like in a head - on crash , or something . mary um , Lloyd , could please keep you eye on the road . lloyd good think . there 's a lot of bad river out there . Lloyd turn back to the steering wheel . CUT to : ext . airport - day Lloyd be put the last bag on a cart . he close the trunk and turn to Mary . she look nervous and disconcert as she reach into she purse . she pull out a ten-dollar tip . mary here you go . lloyd keep it . it be my pleasure . for the first time , Mary swanson offer a slight smile . this make she more lovely than ever . lloyd ( cont 'd ) relax , Mary . just get trash and pass out . you will be there before you know it . mary thanks Lloyd . ( beat ) and good luck with you worm . 7. then she pick up her briefcase and walk into the terminal , follow by a porter push she bag . Lloyd watch she , enchanted , until she 's out of sight . afterwards , he climb back into the limo , lovesick . for a moment he do not even have the energy to turn the key . he just drop he head against the steering wheel , devastate . there 's a tap on the window . Lloyd look up to see a police officer stand there . police officer come on , move it , you be in a red zone . Lloyd start the limo and pull away . CUT to : int . airport terminal - day Mary look tense as she move through the throng of traveler . her pace be slow , deliberate , and she eye be focus straight ahead . she pass a row of phone botth and two men one dress in a armani suit , the other in a plaid sportcoat watch she . armani suit she 's gonna leave the briefcase at the foot of the escalator . you make the pick -up . plaid sportcoat piece of cake . ext . airport terminal - day as Lloyd pull he limo slowly away , he glance in the airport window and sees mary walking along . when she stop at the foot of the escalator , he stop , too . she put down the briefcase and check she coat pocket for she ticket . Lloyd 's attention be distract by a honk . he turn to see a car irectly behind he . lloyd ( to car 's driver ) drive around I , you pinhead ! when he turn back to watch Mary in the terminal he see that she' gone , and she 's left her briefcase at the foot of the stair . Lloyd jump to attention . 8. he pull the car into a handicapped spot and hop out . he start to run into the terminal , then notice the Police Officer and suddenly go into a spastic walk , limping and drag he leg behind he like a palsy victim . int . airport terminal the armani man nod to the plaid sportcoat and he start to approach the briefcase . just as plaid sportcoat be reach for the handle , lloyd run by and grab it . he continue up the escalator three step at a time . the two man look at each other , dumbstruck . int . airport terminal - boarding gate Lloyd run with the briefcase to the tv monitor that post the departure time . he look frantically at the confusion of number . lloyd damn ! quick CUT of a deject Lloyd look out the window as he watch as Mary 's airplane taxiing away . ext . airport terminal - day Lloyd come out with the briefcase , pass the two man , who follow he at a distance . he start walk down the sidewalk when suddenly he stop in he track . he Pov - he limo be be tow away under the supervision of the Police Officer . he take off after it , but to no avail . lloyd you can not do this ! I will lose my job ! as Lloyd watch the limo get tow out of site , he run he finger through he hair . CUT to : ext . apartment build - afternoon we see the mutt cut van pull up and park at the curb . a deject Harry climb out . at the same time , a taxi pull up and drop off Lloyd . ( he 's clutching Mary swanson 's briefcase . ) both he and Harry climb the step of the building . they disappear inside without acknowledge each other . 9 . on the other side of the STREET - a black cadillac pull up and park . Inside be the armani suit and the sportcoat . they be j.p. shay and joseph mentalino ( aka joe mental ) . mental who the hell do you figure this guy 's work for ? shay I do not know , but we would better find out ... mental take some pill and start chomping they . shay ( cont 'd ) you ulcer ? mental it be not gonna kill I . int . apartment corridor Lloyd and Harry trudge up the stair and proceed silently toward the door of they apartment . int . apartment - live room Lloyd and Harry enter and pass each other quietly as they both plunk down in they favorite easy chair . ( Lloyd still have the briefcase in he lap . ) Harry 's cage parakeet , petey , tweet hello , but the two guy just sit there silently . the place be a mess . wallpaper 's peel off the wall . the carpet be threadbare and filthy . in the corner we see a miniature worm farm and a large terrarium fill with dirt and worm . here be a couple piece of haggard furniture with stuff spilling out of the gashes . harry I get fire again . Lloyd shake he head . lloyd I do not mean to be harsh , Harry , but let 's face it , you be one pathetic loser . no offense . harry none take . be you shitcan , too ? 10 . lloyd of course not . ( beat ) I quit . harry why would you quit ? lloyd I have a hunch arnie be gonna fire I . harry why do not you wait and see if you suspicion be well - found ? lloyd winner control they own destiny , har . Lloyd fetch a couple beer from the fridge and throw one to he . harry you know , the thing that really chap my ass be that I just spend my life savings turn my van into a poodle . ( beat ) the alarm alone cost I two hundred . lloyd Big deal . that car 's a old bomb anyway . harry what be you talk about ? it 's only six year old . lloyd that 's forty - two in dog year . they open they beer and drink simultaneously . then Harry notice the briefcase . harry what 's with the briefcase ? lloyd it 's a love memento . harry huh ? 11 . lloyd the most beautiful woman alive . her name be Mary . I drive she to the airport . spark fly , emotion run high , breast heave . she leave this case in the terminal and fly to aspen and out of my life . end of story . harry what 's in it ? lloyd do you really expect I to go snooping around in someone else 's private property ? harry why not ? lloyd ( beat ) it 's lock . they take another sip of they beer . suddenly we hear a loud knock at the door . petey the parakeet start to squawk . the guy look at each other , alarm , then Harry tip -toe to the peephole . harry Pov - a distorted - looking j.p. shay and Joe mental be stand at the door . lloyd ( cont 'd ) ( whispering to Harry ) friend or foe ? harry ( whispering ) we do not have any friend . Harry be still squinting out the peephole . harry ( cont 'd ) can not recognize they . could be student loan thug again , or the IRS , or maybe somebody piss off about that case of girl scout cookie you bounce a check on . 12 . lloyd hey , I order mystic mint . the little swindler give I peanut butter praline . harry well , whoever they be , they look serious . one of they 's even wear plaid . lloyd ( cring ) that 's a hostile pattern . I say we bail and get down to unemployment . Lloyd grab the briefcase and the two of they exit out the window and down the fire escape . CUT to : ext . unemployment office - afternoon the poodle van pull up to the curb in front of the building and park next to a FIRE hydrant . Lloyd and Harry climb out . Lloyd take a trash can and place it over the hydrant , covering it completely . int . stanley grabner' office - unemployment office - afternoon stanley grabner be small , plump , bald , not a lot of laugh . grabner gentlemen , I be delighted to say that neither I nor the unemployment epartment of the state of rhose Island can do anything for you . ( beat ) you have run out of chance . you be unemployable . remember last year ? Middle of winter I bust my butt to get you both prime job . twelve - fifty a hour , and you go and blow it ! lloyd blew it ? for you information , we only miss three day in two month . harry yeah , and that be because of a blizzard 13 . grabner ( explode ) you be snow plow operator ! grabner fall back in he chair , exhaust . harry come on , Stan . I be sure you can find something else for we . how about another crack at that suicide hotline ? grabner jump up . grabner out !!!!! CUT to : int . harry &amp ; loyyyd apartment - afternoon j.p . shay be look through Harry and Lloyd 's kitchen cupboard as Joe mental come out of the bedroom . mental the briefcase be not here . he must have take it with he . j.p. shay shit. ( beat ) well he 's gotta come home sometime . Joe mental ominously approach petey the parakeet 's cage . mental maybe we should leave he a little message to let them know we be play hardball . mental open the cage door and wrap he meaty fist around the bird , who screech in terror . mental ( cont 'd ) ( a la tweety Bird ) I taut I taw a puddy cat . mental smile , and as we pan to j.p . shay , we hear a bone - chill o.s. SNAP and petey the bird stop squawking . 14 . mental ( cont 'd ) ( still tweety ) I do , I do ... dissolve to : the mutt cut van pull up to the curb . a depressed Lloyd and Harry climb out and mope up to they apartment building entrance . lloyd give I what 's leave of we dough . I will go to the corner and buy a few necessity . Harry hand he friend some crumpled bill . lloyd ( cont 'd ) what 's cheaper , thunderbird or night train ? harry get robitussin it 's a better buzz . CUT to : ext . corner grocery store - night Lloyd come out of the store with he arm full of grocery . he stop at a newspaper machine , pull out he wallet and remove a quarter . he drop the quarter in the machine , open it , and realize that he doesn't have a free hand to pick up the newspaper . he put he wallet inside the machine , pick up the newspaper , and as he do so the machine slam shut with he wallet still inside . Lloyd sigh , put he grocery bag on the machine , and check he pocket . no more change . just then , a elderly woman struggle by use a WALKER . lloyd Excuse I , little old lady , do you have change for a dollar ? elderly woman Change ? no , I be sorry , I do not ... lloyd well could you do I a favor and guard this while I go break a dollar ? my wallet 's lock in this machine . 15 . elderly lady of course , young man ... Lloyd run back into the store . we hold on the store door as Lloyd exit a few second later with a handful of quarter . suddenly he stop in he track . the elderly lady , her WALKER , and he groceries be gone . as he take a closer look , he see that she have taken he wallet also . CUT to : int . apartment build stairwell - night a thoroughly beleaguere Lloyd be trudging empty-hand up the step to he apartment . int . lloyd &amp ; harry apartment the door open and Lloyd enter . Harry be sit on the couch , look almost comatose . harry where 's the booze ? lloyd it 's go . I get rob by grandma Walton . she get my wallet , too . Harry drop he head and let out a moan . lloyd ( cont 'd ) come on , man , cheer up . we have be own before . I be sure we will land on we head somewhere . harry it get worse , Lloyd . my parakeet petey he 's ... he 's dead . Lloyd look touch by this . lloyd oh man , I be sorry , Harry . what happen ? harry his head fall off . lloyd his head fall off ? 16 . harry yeah , he be pretty old . Lloyd put he hand on Harry 's shoulder compassionately . lloyd ( hopeful ) I do not suppose he have a warranty ...? harry Nah , I buy he use . as Lloyd think about the unfairness of life , he grow upset . lloyd that 's it ! I have have it with this ump ! we do not have food , we do not have job , we pet ' head be fall off , we be surround by rove gang of larcenous old lady ... harry okay , calm down . lloyd no I will not calm down . Lloyd flop down in a chair . lloyd ( cont 'd ) what the hell be we do here anyway , Harry ? we have get to get out of this town . harry yeah , and go where ? lloyd I will tell you where : someplace warm , a place where the beer flow like wine , where beautiful woman instinctively flock like the salmon of capistrano . ( dramatic pause ) I be talk about aspen . harry aspen ? lloyd that 's right , aspen . 17 . harry I do not know , Lloyd , the french be asshole . lloyd let I ask you something : do you want to end up like petey dead in some flea-ridden apartment , face - down on a dear Abby column , with a soggy sunflower seed press against you beak ? or do you want to enjoy you life ? ( beat ) come on , Harry , do not let petey 's eath be in vain . do not you see what he be say ? spread you wing , man . he be say ? spread you wing , man . fly . harry ( confuse ) what be you talk about , Lloyd ? his head fall off . ( dawn realization ) wait a second , I know what you be up to . you just wanna go to aspen so you can find that girl who lose she briefcase and you need I to drive you there . lloyd that 's bullshit . I will drive . ( beat ) and what 's so wrong about go someplace where we know someone who can plug we into the social pipeline ? harry ( tear ) I do not know , Lloyd . I think we should stay here , hunt for job , and keep save money for the worm store . I be get a little sick and tired of always run from creditor . Lloyd move to the window and look out at the gray , wintry cityscape . lloyd you know what I be sick and tired of , Harry ? I be sick and tired of have to eek my way through life . I be sick and tired of be a nobody . ( more ) 18 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but most of all , I be sick and tired of have nobody . there 's a deadly silence as they both think about this . then Harry try to lighten the mood . he open he arm wide . harry come on , Lloyd . give we a kiss . lloyd on the other hand , maybe you be right , Harry . maybe we should stay here and try we luck in bankruptcy court . with all that lawsuit against we , I be sure we will win at least one . it could be a boost to we ego . Harry see that Lloyd have a point . he stand and approach petey 's cage . his eye fill with tear . harry ( emotional ) petey , I make a promise to you once , man ... ( think hard ) ... and I will be damned if I can remember what it be . CUT to : ext . highway - day the mutt cutt van be go down the highway while Danny Wilson 's " Mary 's prayer " play on the soundtrack . the van drive past and we hold on a sign that read : " you be leaving providence , rhode island . come back soon . " various other aerial shot of the car travel down the road while the song continue to play . int . mutt cute van - day Harry 's behind the wheel and Lloyd 's in the passenger seat . the Animal 's " we have get to get out of this place " be blasting on the radio and the guy be singing along : 19 . lloyd &amp ; harry " we have get to get out of this place , if it 's the last thing we ever do , we have get to get out of this place , girl , there 's a better life , for I and you ... " Lloyd turn down the radio . lloyd well , we be finally do it . do you realize that in all the year we have know each other , this be the first time we have do this together . harry be run out of town ? lloyd taken a trip . Harry reach over and undoe he seatbelt . Lloyd watch , curious . lloyd ( cont 'd ) why would you do that ? harry what ? lloyd take you seatbelt off . harry because we just clear the danger zone . lloyd huh ? harry do not you know anything , Lloyd ? ninety percent of all accident happen within five mile of home . we have already travel 6.3 mile . lloyd thinks about this . then : lloyd well what about the people who live around here ? what if we get into a accident with one of they ? 20 . Harry consider this , then sheepishly put he seatbelt back on . Lloyd open a bag of dorito and fiddle with the radio . harry where would you get that ? lloyd buy them when we fill up . harry Lloyd , I think we agree to confer on all expenditure . we be on a tight budget , remember ? lloyd this do not come out of we travel fund . I be able to scrape up twenty - five buck before we leave . you know , so we could live in style . harry where would you get twenty - five extra buck ? lloyd I sell some stuff to billy in 4 - c. harry you mean the blind kid ? lloyd that 's right . Lloyd look out the window guiltily . harry what do you sell he , Lloyd ? lloyd just some odd and end . harry specifically ? lloyd oh , a few baseball card , a sack of marble , petey , three comic book a second , be you tell I you sell my dead bird to a blind kid ? well who else be I gonna sell it to ? harry but Lloyd , petey do not even have a head . 21 . lloyd put you mind at ease , friend . I take care of it . CUT to : ext . apartment build - day at the bottom of the stair lead up to the building be a little blind boy , billy . he sit in a wheelchair play with a parakeet whose head be scotch - tape on . he throw the ead bird up , but it flop into he lap . billy fly ! Joe mental and j.p . shay approach and climb the step . CUT to : close on a note - tape to Harry and Lloyd 's apartment door . it read : to all our love one - packed up and drove to aspen - have a nice life - lloyd and harry . pullback to reveal Joe mental and j.p. shay . mental that bastard . they be rub it right in we face . j.p. shay shit ! Andre will have a goddamn aneurysm if we do not get that briefcase back . mental do not worry , we will get it back . and I will tell you something else . they be not gonna reach aspen , either . I will make sure of that . mental take out more antacid pill and start to chew on they . ext . apartment build - day a piss - off shay and mental exit the building . mental pop more antacid pill into he mouth as they descend the stair . Little billy be still toss the lifeless parakeet into the air . 22 . billy come on , boy , fly ! plop . then billy hear shay and mental on the step and call out : billy ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , mister . be there something wrong with my bird ? mental pick up the bird , study it , then angrily and wing it down the STREET as hard as he can . mental do not worry , ironside , he just fly south for the winter . CUT to : int . mutt cute van - afternoon Harry be still drive while Lloyd study a map spread out before he . harry how far have we go ? lloyd accord to this map , about a inch and a half . harry shit . we be gonna need a smaller map or we will never get there . we do not have enough gas money . lloyd relax . we have more than enough . harry I believe you be wrong , Lloyd . lloyd and I believe I be right , Harry . harry I still say wrong , Lloyd . lloyd how much you wanna bet ? harry I do not bet . 23 . Lloyd look at he friend , incredulous . lloyd what do you mean you do not bet ? harry I mean I do not gamble , you know that . never have and never will . lloyd oh , bull . I will bet you we next meal that I can get you gambling before the day 's out . harry there 's no way , Lloyd . you can not do it . lloyd I will give you three - to- one odd . that 's three feedbag if you win , against only one if you lose . harry you be waste you money , Lloyd . I already tell you , I do not gamble . lloyd okay , five - to - one I can get you gambling before the day 's out . harry sorry , pal , no way . lloyd make it ten-to-one . Harry stick out he hand . harry you get yourself a bet , sucker ! as Harry shake loyyyd hand , Lloyd break into a big smile . Harry immediately realize he 's be have . CUT to : ext . truck stop café - afternoon the mutt cutt van be sandwich between mountainous tractor - trailer truck . 24 . int . truck stop café Lloyd and Harry be sit at a booth , surround by table of tough - look trucker . Harry oes not look happy . a middle - age , no - nonsense waitress approach they table with a couple of burger and drink . she put they down in front of the boy and start to walk away . lloyd ( to waitress ) uh , excuse I ... the waitress reluctantly return to the table . lloyd ( cont 'd ) what 's the soup du jour ? waitress it 's the soup -of - the-day . lloyd sound tasty . I will have a bowl . waitress ( sarcastic ) anything else before I leave the area ? harry actually , this chocolate milk be not mix very well . could you please bring I a spoon ? the waitress sigh and pick up the milk . then she blows into the straw , mixing the drink . waitress there . now you do not need one . the guy watch she stomp away . lloyd feel good to mingle with these laid - back country - folk , do not it , Harry ? Harry wipe off he straw with a napkin . as he move to put it in the ashtray , he accidentally knock over the salt shaker . 25 . lloyd uh-oh ... harry what 's the matter ? lloyd you spill the salt . that 's bad luck . we be drive across the country and the last thing we need be bad luck . Quick , toss a handful of salt over you right shoulder . harry what for ? lloyd because that 's good luck . Harry shrug , shake some salt into he palm , and fling it over he shoulder . suddenly they hear a yelp . male voice ( o.s . ) what the fuck ?! lloyd or be it the leave shoulder ? they turn and see a burly trucker wiping salt out of he eye . trucker who 's the dead man throw shit in my eye ? the huge trucker stand and squint at Lloyd and Harry . he 's wear a foam baseball cap that say : wine ' em , dine ' em , sixty - nine ' em . harry it be a terrible accident , Sir . believe I , I would never do anything to offend a man of you size . please accept my most sincere apology . the trucker growls and approach the table , egge on by he equally burly friend . burly friend # 1 teach he a lesson , Sea bass ! 26 . Sea bass glare down at Harry 's hamburger . sea bass you gonna eat that ? harry um ... the think have cross my mind . at this , Sea bass lean over and drop a big , brown wad of tobacco spit onto the hamburger . sea bass still want it ? Harry stare at the burger non-commitally . harry Nah , you go ahead . Sea bass pick up the burger and walk back to he table , to the laughter of he friend . CUT to : ext . truck stop café - afternoon j.p . shay be at the gas pump fill the black cadillac while Joe mental stretch he leg . a large truck pull away , revealing the previously hidden mutt cute van . mental smile at this , and we CUT to : int . truck stop café the waitress drop the check on Lloyd and Harry 's table and stomp away . Harry study the bill and sigh . harry perfect . I be out eight buck and I still have not eat . lloyd well if you would stop pick fight with the local ... ( brighten ) wait a second . I think I just have a idea . follow I ... Lloyd stand and walk over to Sea bass and he pal . a nervous Harry trail after he . 27 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , gentleman , I would just like to apologize for that unpleasant scene a little earlier . sea bass huh ? lloyd what I be try to say be , my friend and I would like to buy you guy a round of beer , just to bury the hatchet . Harry stare at Lloyd like he 's out of he mind , but the trucker seem to like the idea . sea bass make it four boiler - maker . lloyd whatever you want , sir . I will have the waitress send they over . oh , and fella hope to see you again down the road . Lloyd and Harry move away from the table toward the cashier . harry Lloyd , what be you do ? you know we can not afford to buy they drink . Lloyd hand the cashier they check . lloyd um , Sea bass and the fella offer to pick up we check . they say just add this to they tab . cashier ( skeptical ) Sea bass say that ? lloyd well , if that guy at the table over there be Sea bass ... he point across the room to Sea bass and company . Sea bass nods to the cashier and gesture to he table , not wanting to miss out on he free drink . the cashier be convinced . cashier okey -dokey , if that 's what he want ... 28 . Harry smile at this . he grab a couple beef jerky 's , a candy bar , and a copy of the National Enquirer off the counter . harry oh , and put this on there , too . cashier you get it . lloyd ( to cashier ) by the way , how far be it to rhode Island from here ? CUT to : ext . truck stop café - afternoon the front door burst OPEN and a red-face Sea bass storm out , follow by he buddy , the cashier , and the waitress . sea bass I be gonna kill that son -of-bitch ! cashier hurry and you will catch them . they be on they way to rhode Island . the trucker jump in they rig and rumble away in the opposite direction we boy be head . CUT to : ext . highway - afternoon the mutt cutt van breeze by . int . mutt cute van - afternoon a jubilant Harry 's drive and chew on a mouthful of beef jerky . lloyd I just wish we could have see Sea bass 's face when he get the bill . harry I hope we never have to . lloyd do not worry . that fish-head be probably half - way to Providence by now . 29 . harry I hope so . Harry check he rear-view mirror nervously . lloyd hey , stop the car . I gotta take a whiz . harry be you crazy ? I be not stop now . what if they figure out we go the other way . they will be on we in no time . lloyd but I gotta go . what be I suppose to do ? harry hold it . lloyd I can not hold it . I be about to explode . harry well ... just take a whiz in a empty beer bottle . there 's a couple on the floor in the back seat . lloyd be you serious ? harry yes , I be serious . I be not stop now . we could get kill . Lloyd sigh . he take a empty Beer bottle from the back seat and unzip he fly . suddenly we hear a peeing SOUND . then : lloyd uh-oh ... harry what 's the matter ? lloyd the bottle 's almost full and I be still go . harry well stop go . 30 . lloyd I can not stop once I already start , you know that . Quick , get I another bottle . Harry can barely hold the steering wheel as he reach way in the back seat for a empty . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Jesus , be careful ! you almost go off the road . harry I be sorry , Lloyd . I be do the best I can . he hand Lloyd another empty and Lloyd quickly make the switch . lloyd here , hold this . before Harry know it he 's hold the full bottle of urine . ext . highway - late day as the mutt cutt van travel down the highway , it pass a state trooper on a motorcycle hide in the bush . the trooper take off after they . int . mutt cute van Harry be do he best to steer while now hold five full bottle and Lloyd be still go at it in the passenger seat . harry what be you , a goddamn camel ? lloyd hey , I have not go all day . just then they hear a loudspeaker : state trooper ( o.s. ) pull over ! they turn to see the police motorcycle cruise right beside then . Harry roll down he window and call out : harry huh ? 31 . state trooper pull over ! Harry glance down at he sweater he 's wear , then back at the trooper . harry ( call out ) no , it 's a cardigan ! but thanks for notice ! he roll he window back up and turn to a equally baffle Lloyd . harry ( cont 'd ) Jesus , what be this , the fashion police ? the cop turn on he siren . state trooper pull you car to the side of the road ! CUT to : ext . highway - late day the state trooper be walk up beside the stop mutt cutt van , stare at it with isapproval . state trooper license and registration , please . Harry hand he the papers . state trooper ( cont 'd ) you know , you fella be all over the road back there . harry yes , sir , we have a little ... ifficulty in the car . state trooper uh-huh . ( beat ) have you boy be do a little rinking maybe ? harry no , sir . 32 . state trooper then what 's that ? he point to the OPEN , full Beer bottle hide in the seat between they . harry oh , that 's nothing , sir . state trooper do you know it 's against the law to rive with a open alcohol container in this state ? lloyd but , you honor , he 's tell the truth . it 's not beer . the officer smirk . state trooper be that right ? the trooper reach in and pick up one of the bottle . he inspect the beer label , then move the bottle to he lip . harry Sir , I would not trooper -- you would keep you mouth shut if you know what be good for you . lloyd ( under breath ) you would , too ... Harry shoot Lloyd a look as the trooper begin gulping down the piss . he pause uncertainly and a sick look come over he face . he take a deep breath . then : state trooper ( pain ) get the hell out of here . CUT to : the mutt cutt van be pull back onto the highway while the officer remain in the breakdown lane with he hand on he knee . CUT to : 33 . ext . highway - night the van be make steady progress through the dark night . int . mutt cutt van - night Lloyd be drive now while Harry sleep in the passenger seat . the song , " cut Flowers " by the smithereen , start to play as Lloyd fantasize about he future in aspen . dissolve to : loyyyd fantasy : Lloyd be walk up the step of a luxurious , snow - cover chalet , carry Mary 's briefcase . the sky be absurdly blue and child be make a snowman on the lawn . it 's all out of a dream world . he knock on the door , tentatively . Mary open it . she look at he , then at the briefcase , and break into the biggest , sweetest smile he 's ever see . then she slowly back into the house , gesture for he to follow ... Lloyd follow Mary down a hallway . as he trail after she , she pull off she shirt , revealing she bare back , and glance over she shoulder at he . camera move around a corner and now we be in a steamy bathroom . the shower be run and we see the silhouette of two people behind the curtain . lloyd ( v.o. ) ooh ... ooh ... mary ... mary ( v.o. ) how do that feel , Lloyd ? lloyd ( v.o. ) mmmm ... tingly ... int . shower close on lloyd - we see he 's take the tegrin challenge , with different shampoos on either side of he head and a noticeable part down the middle . mary ( o.s. ) how 's the other side ? 34 . lloyd nothing . nothing at all . mary ( o.s. ) Lloyd , will you wash my nipple ...? on mary - she hair be slicked back , make she look better than ever . as the camera pan down toward she breast , we be surprised to see not breast but a set of headlight superimposed over her chest area . the headlight flash once . then twice . on lloyd - he blink , confuse at what 's happen . jump CUT to - a eighteen - wheeler be roaring right toward the mutt cute van on the highway . Lloyd quickly veer back into he lane and avoid tragedy by a whisker . a shake Lloyd let out a sigh of relief , and we CUT to : ext . second honeymoon HOTEL - night the mutt cutt van be park outside this seedy establishment . a neon sign blink : group discount - have you next affair here . harry ( v.o. ) I do not know , Lloyd , I feel a little sleazy stay here when we be not even engage . lloyd ( v.o. ) hey , it 's the only motel that charge by the hour . we can not afford anything else . int . bathroom - second honeymoon motel Lloyd and Harry be sit in a large , heart - shape jacuzzi . Lloyd be sip a beer and Harry be absorb in the Enquirer as the water swirl around they . lloyd yep , this sure be the life . cold beer , a hot tube , and fuzzy pink sheet ... you know , there 's only one thing that could make this moment any better . 35 . harry what 's that ? lloyd if you have a nice set of knocker . harry that 's two thing , Lloyd . lloyd right now I would settle for one . Lloyd take a swig of beer . Harry put down the paper and look around at the romantic decor . harry I do not know , Lloyd , this place just do not do it for I . bring back too many memory . lloyd what happen , Harry ? some little filly break you heart ? harry Nah , it be a girl . fraida felcher . we stay at a place like this once no- tell Motel out on Route 31 . lloyd felcher ? you mean the babe who work for the tractor company ? Harry nod . harry the same . we have this incredibly romantic time . Boy , I think we would be together forever . ( sigh ) then about a week later , right out of the blue , she send I a John deere letter . lloyd that 's cold , har . give you any reason ? harry I call she up and she give I some crap about I not listen to she enough or something like that . I be not really pay attention . 36 . Harry reach for a beer and bust it open . he take a big gulp . harry ( cont 'd ) thing that really hurt be I think she be see another guy . never id find out who . on lloyd - he do he best to hide he guilt . CUT to : ext . second honeymoon motel - night we see that the black cadillac be park a few car over from the mutt cutt van with j.p . shay in the passenger seat . pan over to a payphone . Inside be Joe mental . outside the booth , a anxious man impatiently pace back and forth as he wait for the phone . mental ( into phone ) the boy be hole - up in a little love nest for the night . I think they be a couple of fuck weirdo . int . nicholas andre's study - night nicholas andre be pace around the room with a cordless phone . he 's in he late 30 , wear a ponytail , and dress in aspen / rodeo drive chic . andre what in hell be that guy up to ? be it possible that they be fed ? intercut conversation mental unlikely from what I have see . the anxious man tap on the phone booth and motion for mental to hang up . andre I do not like this one goddamn bit , mental . you and shay be suppose to grab that bag so we could end this shit . now I do not know what the hell 's go on . Andre sigh and wipe some perspiration from he upper lip . the anxious man knock on the booth again . 37 . mental hold on a second , Mr. Andre ... mental put the phone down and motion the anxious man closer to the booth . the man move forward a few inch . mental motion he even closer . when he 's about a foot away , mental punch he hand through the glass of the booth and knock the anxious man out cold . then mental pick up the phone again . mental ( cont 'd ) sorry , boss . you be say ...? andre look , mental , just find out what they be up to . I want to know who this guy be . mental do not worry . I be on it . mental hang up the phone , look around to make sure he 's not be watch , then approach the park mutt cutt van . he 's join by j.p. shay . as they get within five foot of the vehicle , we hear a low growl . they stop in they track and turn , expect to see a dog but there be not one . they both take another step forward , and the growl get louder and meaner . again , mental and shay stop . he peek under the car . nothing . shay what the fuck ...? finally , shay reach for the door handle . as soon as he touch it , though , the car alarm go off but instead of a siren , it 's the incredibly annoying sound of a poodle yapping . mental jump back and pull he gun . mental where 's the goddamn dog ? shay shrug , nervous . the yapping grow even louder now , force a flustered shay and mental to retreat from the scene . dissolve to : ext . swanson chalet - aspen - night establishing shot of a luxurious mountainside home . 38 . int . live room - swanson chalet a agitate Mary swanson ( the young woman who lose she briefcase ) be pace back and forth in a impressive , antique - filled live room . seated on a couch be her father karl and he much - young second wife , helen . mary it just do not make any sense . I leave the money exactly where they instruct I to . helen actually , it make a great deal of sense , Mary . we should have call in the authority the moment we know melvin have be kidnap . karl now , helen , we have be through this already for Christ 's sake , Karl , this bastard will extort we into bankruptcy if we let they . mary but I would never forgive myself if something happen to melvin . karl stop upsetting my daughter , helen . she 's be through quite enough already . mary it 's not she fault , daddy . we be all a little on edge . just then the live room door open and the pony tail Nicholas Andre enter . he look appropriately solemn . andre have there be any word , Mr. swanson ? karl nothing yet , Nicholas . Andre look upset . andre perhaps I should call off the preservation benefit this weekend . 39 . it would be easy enough to re - schedule . helen no , Nicholas , it 's imperative that we carry on as usual . the atmosphere in the room could not be more somber . Karl swanson hold he hand out to he aughter . karl do not worry , sweetheart . I will do everything they ask . nothing 's go to happen to melvin , I promise you . mary thank you , daddy . Karl swanson look out the window , concerned . CUT to : ext . highway - day the black cadillac pull over to the side of the road . Joe mental get out of the car and prop the hood open . he take out he gun , slide in a new clip , and put it back in he pocket . mental ( to shay ) lie down on the front seat . after they pick I up I want you to follow we . then he fold he arm and the two killer wait for the van to come along . CUT to : int . mutt cute van - day Lloyd tap Harry 's shoulder . lloyd you be it . Harry tap Lloyd back . harry you be it . Lloyd immediately tap Harry . 40 . lloyd you be it . quitsy . harry ( tapping he back ) anti-quitsy . you be it . quitsy . no anti-quitsy . no startsy . Lloyd shake he head , defeat . lloyd damn , you be good , Harry . ( beat ) hey , do not I tell you this trip would be a blast ? ext . highway - day Joe mental squint down the road , see the mutt cutt van approach , and start waving he hand to flag they down . int . mutt cute van through the windshield we can see mental wave . the guy do not slow down , through . the just wave back as they blow right by he . Harry also toot the horn , which make the SOUND of a dog barking . lloyd see , I tell you this country folk be friendly , Harry . ext . highway - day as a angry mental watch they disappear down the road , shay sit up in the front seat . shay what happen ? mental this fucker be really pissing I off now . CUT to : ext . mutt cute van - later that day we hear the Zombie 's ' time of the season ' as the van flash by . 41 . int . mutt cute van - day harry refresh my memory on something , Lloyd : what exactly do we do when we get to aspen ? lloyd well the first thing we do be take a good deep breath of that famous aspenese air . harry Fresh , huh ? lloyd the freshest . they say on any day of the week you can smell a moose - fart ten mile away . harry ( sincere ) wow ... talk about paradise . ( beat ) and after we be finish breathe , what next , Lloyd ? lloyd then we make a splash on the social scene . just then , Lloyd notice something up the road . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Harry , look the golden arch . pull over , I be starve . CUT to : ext . mcdonald be - day the mutt cutt car be at the drive - through window . mcdonald's employee ... that 's two cheese burger , two fries , and two medium coke . five seventy - two . Harry hand a ten-dollar- bill to the employee , who return a handful of change . harry thanks . 42 . then , before he can give they the bag of food , the guy absentmindedly drive off . as they pull out of the parking lot , the McDonald 's employee stick he head out the window and wave the bag of food at they . mcdonald's employee hey ! but the guy be already around the corner . ext . highway - day the mutt cutt van be on the road again , cruise along . int . mutt cutt van - day harry about this social scene how do you expect a couple mutt like we to make a splash in the land of pedigree when we do not even have any money ? lloyd look , once we drop the briefcase off to Mary , she will be so grateful she will plug we right into the party circuit . after that , we do a little of the ski scene , hob - nob with the elbow - rubber , and walk out of there in the spring with enough business connection to open a first - class worm operation . you see , you do not get rich work , Harry . you get rich know the rich . harry where would you hear that ? lloyd some bum down at unemployment . Harry think about this . harry I do not know , Lloyd . lloyd what 's the matter ? harry money do terrible thing to people . I mean , we could lose we friendship . 43. Lloyd think about this . lloyd yeah ? so ? Harry nod and look out the window . suddenly something dawns on lloyd . lloyd ( cont 'd ) hey , wait a second . hold everything . harry what ? lloyd be not you forget something ? Harry think about this . lloyd ( cont 'd ) back at mickey D 's ? a little matter you might have overlook ...? Harry wrack he brain , but to no avail . harry what ? Lloyd roll he eye . lloyd my change . as a sheepish Harry give Lloyd he change , they notice something up ahead . harry &amp ; lloyd be Pov - on the side of the road , joe mental be waving they down again . this time the cadillac be parked sideways across the road , blocking there path . harry I think this guy 's in trouble . why of not you pull over . Lloyd look at Harry . Harry remember that he 's drive . he pull the car to the side of the road . mental approach the passenger window . 44 . mental you guy go as far as Des Moines ? my car die and I be late for a business meeting . CUT to : int . mutt cute van - day they're back on the highway and Joe mental be sitting between they , look extremely annoyed . the guy be in the middle of a argument . harry it 's a fruit . lloyd it 's a vegetable . harry I be tell you , it 's a fruit . lloyd and I happen to know it 's a vegetable . harry tell you what , why do not we leet a impartial judge decide . lloyd Fine with I . Harry turn to Joe mental . harry hey , Mr. mentalino , settle we bet : be jelly bean fruit or vegetable ? mental grit he tooth as he pop a few antacid pill in he mouth . he reach into he coat pocket and we see a glint of steel . just when he 's about to pull the gun out , though , Lloyd hit the break and skid to a stop beside a bunch of hitchhike migrant worker . dissolve to : int . mutt cute van - later the trio have pick up six migrant worker and everyone be cramme into the car include a crying baby who sit on a piss - off mental 's lap . someone 's play a flamenco guitar and the gang be singing a spanish song . dissolve to : 45 . int . mutt cute van - later still the migrant family be go now . Harry and Lloyd be play a game while mental stare straight ahead , furious . his eye be water and he look ill . lloyd okay , Harry , my turn . let 'er rip . Harry lift a cheer and let out a loud fart . Lloyd sniff a few time , then close he eye and waft it up toward he nostril , as if it be the aroma of a fine wine . lloyd ( cont 'd ) hmmm ... full - body , delicate bouquet , age to perfection will rip no fart before it 's time . ( beat ) come on , Marquis of dingleberry 's rule : you get ten second . all right . I will say : cheese doodle , chili dog extra onion , garden salad with blue ... harry and ...? lloyd kit - kat bar . Harry throw up he arm , defeat . he hand Lloyd a buck . harry you be the best , man . ( beat ) okay , my turn . lloyd where be you manners , Harry ? we have a guest . Harry punch mental 's shoulder playfully . harry come on , Mr. mentalino . let one fly . it 's only a buck . dissolve to : ext . dante' inferno café - late afternoon a large neon road sign beside the café show a man 's exasperate face with flame shoot from he nose , mouth and ear . the sign advertise : hottest chili 46 . pepper NORTH of the border . int . dante' inferno Lloyd and Harry be sit at a table with a hateful Joe mental . the boy be each hold up a pointed red chili pepper . harry I will do one if you will . lloyd okay , you go first . harry no , you go first . lloyd no , you go first . mental why do not you both stop be a couple of pussy and go at the same time . it be not that hot . Lloyd and Harry exchange a look , then simultaneously bite into the pepper . lloyd hmmm , not bad ... harry yeah , more tingly than hot . suddenly the boy ' eye light up . they let out a shriek . a smile begin to curl on mental 's lip . he pour they a couple glass of water from a pitcher . mental have some water . it will help . Lloyd and Harry who be both sweat profusely now start to gulp down they water . this , of course , make it burn more . mental ( cont 'd ) aw , shuck , that 's right . Water just make it worse ... the boy run to the bar and dump pitcher of water on there head , much to the elight of a chuckling Joe mental . CUT to : 47 . ext . dante' inferno - day mental be on the phone outside the front door talking to Nicholas Andre . intercut conversation mental it 's mental . I be just sit down to a nice meal with we boy . andre good work . what do you find out so far ? mental nothing yet , but I be gonna shake them own for information at lunch . ( beat ) then I be gonna kill them for dessert . andre well eat fast , time 's run out . and whatever you do , do not let they get any closer . I do not need they here run around aspen . mental pull a black vial of pill out of he jacket . mental relax , they be not gonna be run around anywhere after I dump a little cyanide in they pop . int . dante' inferno - day back at the table , the boy be soak and huffing as if they just finish the Boston marathon . the burger have be serve , but Lloyd and Harry be still too traumatize to touch they . harry that really be not very polite of he , be it ? maybe we should loosen the screw of he chair . lloyd Harry dunne , I be surprised at you . perhaps it 's about time you brush up on a little tome that we GOD - fear adult call the Bible . it 's cramme with all kind of pithy rule to live you life by . 48 . harry ( humble ) you mean like ' turn the other cheek ? ' lloyd no , I mean like ' a eye for a eye . ' Hand I that pepper the atomic one . Harry pass the jar and the two of they load joe mental' burger with chili pepper , expertly camouflaging they with lettuce . harry ( whisper ) here he come . Lloyd and Harry bite into they food as Joe mental sit back down at the table . mental feeling any better , boy ? as he pour ketchup on he burger , the guy glance at each other and titter . then he pick it up and bring it to he mouth . just before bite into it , though , he pause . mental ( cont 'd ) so tell I , why you fella head to aspen ? vacation ? lloyd more like re-location . mental start toward the burger but stop again . mental do not look like you pack much . all I see be a couple bag ... and that briefcase . harry the briefcase be not even ours . some lady just leave it at the airport . we be bring it back to she . this be news to mental . mental you mean you do not even know she ? lloyd not really . I be just she limo river . 49 . mental look at the two of they and realize that they be serious . then he break out laughing . mental talk about be in the wrong place at the wrong time ... Lloyd and Harry share a confuse look . mental shake he head and bite into he burger , chewing heartily . almost immediately , he happy demeanor be replace by a look of horror . his face turn red , he grab he stomach and fall to the ground , gasping . the boy look at each other guiltily , then bend down to help he . harry hey , you okay , man ? it be just a goof . mental ( strained whisper ) my ulcer ... quick ... pill ... in my coat ... Harry check mental 's coat pocket for he antacid pill but unwittingly bring out the black of cyanide pill . he shake some pill out and hand they to mental , who toss they in he mouth and start to munch on they . for a moment , he appear to improve . his breathing slow and he sit up . then he eye light up . mental be Pov - quick zoom in on the black bottle Harry be hold ! mental ( cont 'd ) you son-of -a-bitch ! mental gurgle and keel over , dead . CUT to : int . mutt cute van - afternoon Lloyd and Harry be back on the road , look solemn . harry I can not believe it ... 50 . lloyd life be a fragile thing , har . one minute you be chew on a burger ; the next minute you be dead meat . harry but he blame I . you hear he . that be he last word . lloyd if you do not count that gurgle sound . Harry let out a groan . lloyd ( cont 'd ) hey , relax , man , I be just as responsible as you be we both slip he the pepper and look at I , I of not feel guilty at all . harry small comfort come from a man who sell dead bird to blind kid . ( sigh ) do not you get it , Lloyd . I have get a ead guy piss at I . his restless spirit will probably haunt I for the next seventy - five year . lloyd that 's ridiculous . you probably will not live to see forty . Harry perk up , cheer by this think . harry oh yeah . ( beat ) wow . what a relief . ext . highway - afternoon as the mutt cutt van flash by on it 's westward journey , we CUT to : ext . dante' inferno - evening a doctor be cover up the body of Joe mental as he talk to detective dale . the etective be a no - nonsense type in he mid-forty with a military - regulation crewcut . 51 . doctor ... my official conclusion be that the ecease expire from oxygen eprivation cause by the presence of cyanide in the bloodstream . dt . dale you mean he be poison ? doctor unquestionably . we find this by the body . he hold up the container of cyanide pill . dt. Dale nod and approach another cop in the b.g . cop waitress say he be with a couple of young guy . they be the one who call the ambulance then they hit the road . dt . dale any idea where they be go ? cop a witness at the next table think he hear they say they be drive to France . Dale frown at this and the cop shrug . cop ( cont 'd ) we get a report they be see head west on I - 80 toward Colorado . dt . dale get a make on the vehicle ? the cop consult he note pad . cop yes , sir . they be drive a ' 84 poodle . dt. Dale do a double-take . dt . dale a ' 84 what ? 52 . cop ( straight - face ) well it might have be a wire - haire terrier , detective . they be very similar in appearance . the detective look confuse , as we CUT to : int . mutt cute van - night the boy be extremely exhaust as they plow through the black night toward aspen . harry let 's get off and crash at a motel before I crash into one . ( yawn ) I need a crib fast . lloyd sorry , har . we be gonna have to hold out . seem we misjudge we expense allocation . if we pay for a motel we will not have enough for gas . harry what happen to the dough ? lloyd we over - leverage . harry on what ? lloyd I sprung for Mr. chili pepper 's last meal . felt it be the least we could of after we deep -six he . harry wait a second one burger put we over budget ? lloyd the slob order a double - bacon eluxe and a chocolate malt . harry oh. ( beat ) so what be we gonna do ? 53. lloyd drive . we have only get ten more hour . we can take turn . CUT to : ext . dante' inferno - phone booth - night a frighten j.p. shay be talking on the phone with Nicholas Andre . shay you hear I , he 's dead . the bastard kill he . int . nicholas andre's study - night Andre nervously light a cigarette as he speak . andre Jesus Christ ... Andre 's forehead begin to glisten with perspiration . andre ( cont 'd ) all right , I want you back here now . if they be come this way I be go to need you . shay ( v.o. ) how 's we bankroll do ? give you a hard time ? andre melvin 's not the problem . it 's this two other guy that have I worried . I wish I know what the hell they want . Andre hang up the phone and then disappear down he basement stair . int . basement - night the room have a dirt floor . there 's a stone well in the middle . we hear muffled human whimpering come from deep within the well . Andre walk to the edge of the dark hole . andre how you do today , melvin ? 54 . Andre take a hit off he cigarette and flick it into the well . CUT to : ext . highway - night the mutt cutt van cruise down the lonely interstate . int . mutt cute van - night Lloyd be now fast asleep in the passenger seat as Harry drive on . a roadsign read denver - 602 mile whizze by . Todd rundgren 's " too Far go " begin to play while Harry peer at the empty highway introspectively . as the song play we see a series of quick shot : a new sign say denver - 421 mile . Lloyd be still asleep with he foot now on Harry 's lap . another sign read denver - 201 mile . Harry stare straight ahead , practically catatonic . Lloyd 's foot be out the window and he head be on Harry 's lap . the next roadsign say denver - 157 mile . Lloyd 's foot be now up over the headrest and he head be down where he foot should be . Harry look on the verge of black out . finally , a sign read colorado state line - 25 mile / food , gas next exit . ext . truck stop - 2:10 in the morning the mutt cutt van pull up to a gas pump . in the background be several tractor- trailer rig and a café . Harry climb out , thoroughly exhaust , walk around and open the passenger door . Lloyd tumble to the asphalt , still asleep . Harry nudge he with he foot . harry come on , wake up . you pay , I will pump . Lloyd come to and grudgingly pull himself up to he foot . ext . mutt cute van - night Harry move to the back of the poodle van . he have to lift one of the car' rear legs to unscrew the gas cap . then he stick the nozzle in and start to fill she up . 55 . ext . gas station men' room - night Lloyd come around the corner , drag a bathroom key attached by a chain to a car engine toward the Men 's room . when he get it to the door , he struggle to lift the engine on it 's side , finally manage to slip the key into the lock . ext . mutt cute van - night Harry be yawn as he pump the gas . suddenly a Jeep Cherokee pull up and a long -legge , tan , athletic beauty climb out . this seem to wake Harry up . the athletic beauty smile at Harry as she grab a pump and start to fill she jeep . Harry make a feeble attempt to brush he hair into place , then clear he throat and nod to the skis on she roof-rack . harry skis , huh ? athletic beauty that 's right . harry great . she continue to pump gas . harry ( cont 'd ) they yours ? athletic beauty uh-huh .. harry both of them ? athletic beauty um , yeah . harry ( impressed ) cool . the gas from harry nozzle start to overflow , but he doesn't notice . from her Pov it look like a big dog be pissing on he leg . athletic beauty Excuse I , you be spraying everywhere . 56 . Harry turn to see the gas gushing all over he shoe . he immediately remove the nozzle and replace it on the pump as she smile to herself . int . gas station men' room Lloyd be stand in a stall urinate . he start to read the graffiti scrawle on the wall . finally , he come to one that say : for a good time , meet I here november 8 , 1993 , 2:15 a.m. sharp . he frown at this , then look nervously at he watch . close up of dial - the date read november 8. zoom in on the minute hand as it click to exactly 2:15 . just as a concerned look cross Lloyd 's face , we hear the bathroom door squeak OPEN and slam shut ! terrify , Lloyd quickly lock the stall door , then crouch on the toilet bowl so he foot be not visible . the sound of heavy footstep approach the stall and then stop . Lloyd look down to see a pair of size 16 workboot beneath the door . we can barely hear a low growl . then the stall handle jiggle . Lloyd hold he breath . the ominous boot move away and Lloyd let out a sigh of relief . all of a sudden the door be kicked in , and a towering figure step into frame . Lloyd look up and gasp . he Pov - it 's the redneck trucker , Sea bass . sea bass well , well , well , if it be not my old friend . ( check watch ) and right on time ... as Sea bass step into the stall , we CUT to : ext . mutt cute van - night the athletic beauty be back in she Jeep now and Harry have sidl up to the driver 's side . he lean against she side - view mirror . 57 . harry ( be : suitcase in back seat ) that 's a lot of luggage for a little vacation . athletic beauty actually , I be move to aspen . I have get to get away from my boyfriend . he 's such a klutz . my astrologer tell I I should avoid accident - prone guy . just then , the side- view mirror Harry have be lean on snap off the car . he crack he head against the windshield , fall to the ground , then quickly leap to he feet as if nothing happened . harry ( hold out mirror ) here , this be a little loose . she throw the mirror into the back seat and take out a cigarette . harry ( cont 'd ) allow I ... he pull out a match and light it with a debonair flourish . the athletic beauty nod she thanks . Harry toss the match to the ground , and we hear a o.s. whoosh ! wisp of smoke rise around he and we hear the low crackle of something burning . ( neither of they notice this . ) harry ( cont 'd ) look , um , maybe when I get to aspen we can meet up ... you know , for hot chocolate or something . she look he over and smile . athletic beauty why not ? you seem pretty harmless . I will give you my number . just let I find a pen . as she start to rummage through she purse , Harry smell the smoke . he look down and see that he right shoe be ablaze ! he shake it , then try to put it out with the other shoe , but to no avail . meanwhile , the athletic beauty be still search for a pen . 58 . athletic beauty ( cont 'd ) I know I have one here somewhere ... Harry start do a soft - shoe dance to extinguish the flame . this only help to fan they . harry ( urgently ) look , why do not you just tell it to I , I have get a good memory . athletic beauty be you sure you will not forget ? harry ( desperate ) positive please hurry . he begin hopping around violently . athletic beauty be something wrong ? Harry shake he head no as he bite he lip to keep from scream . athletic beauty ( cont 'd ) okay , my number be 652-2553 . ( beat ) oh , wait a second , that 's my old number . it 's so funny how you mind god sake , give I the damn number ! she 's take aback by this outburst . athletic beauty ( cont 'd ) look , man , if you be gonna get pushy you can just forget it ! she throw the car into drive and peel away . int . gas station men' room Sea bass have he meaty paw wrap around Lloyd 's neck as he slide he up the wall of the toilet stall . sea bass first I be gonna rape you , then I be gonna kill you . any last request ? lloyd um , yeah could you do it the other way around ? 59 . Sea bass push Lloyd to he knee . then the trucker step back and undoe he fly . the sound of the zipper bring a green color to Lloyd 's face . on the men' room door - it burst open and a flame - footed Harry rush into the bathroom , panic-stricken . in he desperation he plows through the stall door knocking sea bass on the head and thrust he flame foot into the toilet , extinguishing the FIRE . Harry breathes a deep sigh of relief . only then do he notice lloyd on he knee and sea bass unconscious on the floor with he pant undone . Harry have to do a double - take for this to sink in . then he let out a admonish whistle . harry you have get some serious explain to of , young man . CUT to : int . mutt cute van - night close up - of Harry 's burnt shoe with the toe stick out on the accelerator . lloyd look , Harry , I tell you what happen , now drop it . harry sure thing , Lloyd . I promise not to mention another word about you be in a bathroom stall with a six - foot , five - inch trucker with he pants own . lloyd that 's a low blow , man . harry not at that height it 's not . lloyd listen , bud , if you be try to imply that I be that think look , we be almost in Colorado . 60 . lloyd squint through the windshield . a sign up ahead say : last exit in nebraska - colorado state line - 3 mile . harry I think it 's about time we pull over and change seat . I have be drive for nine straight hour I do not have the energy to start a new state . Lloyd nod , and as he pull off the exit , we CUT to : close on a sign - it read welcome to colorado , home of the rocky mountain . pan down to reveal a number of policemen stop and check car as they cross the border . a helicopter land on the side of the road and detective Dale hop out . he hurry to the cop in charge . dt . dale any sign of they yet ? cop no , but we be expect they shortly . a motorist say he spot a pooch about thirty mile back head this way . detective Dale nod , satisfied . CUT to : ext . mini mart - night establishing shot of a mini mart . int . mutt cute van - night the door open and Lloyd get in carry a bag of dorito and a soda . he settles into the driver 's seat and pull a beef jerky out of he back pocket . lloyd hey , I pick you up a beef jerky ... when he get no response , he notice that Harry be already fast asleep in the passenger seat . Lloyd shake he head . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Boy , some guy just be not cut out for life on the road . 61 . ext . mutt cute van - night Lloyd start the engine and pull out of the parking lot to the nearby freeway entrance . as he enter the on-ramp , we zoom in on a sign that say : route 80 - east . he 's unwittingly head back in the direction they just come from ! dissolve to : int . mutt cute van - sunny morning it 's bright daylight now . Harry be sleep peacefully in the passenger seat while Lloyd sip a coffee . the van hit a bump which cause Harry 's eye to flutter open . lloyd hey , Mr. sleepy head , welcome back . harry ( groggy ) how long have I be out ? lloyd I would say a good five hour , anyway . Harry yawn and stretch . harry great . we must be get real close , huh ? lloyd should be . I have be average about ninety mile a hour all night . harry good man . lloyd Boy , I will tell you , this be one angerous highway . you would not believe all the road pizza two dead og , a couple of rabbit , a snake and some big thing I could not even recognize . harry that 's awful . do you see they get hit or be they already lie there ? lloyd I hit them . Harry rub he eye and look at the pass flatland . 62 . harry funny . I expect the Rocky Mountains to be a little rockier than this . lloyd I be think the same thing . that John Denver 's some full of shit , huh ? they both stare out the window . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I must say , Des Moines sure be a pretty little town . harry yeah , it really be . ( beat ) wait a minute when do you visit Des Moines ? lloyd last night . we drive through it . harry what be you talk about ? you be snore like a baby when we go through Des Moines . Lloyd shake he head in amusement , then snap he finger in Harry 's face . lloyd ( sing -song ) hello ? hello ? anybody home ? rise and shine . ( laugh ) you be the one who be asleep , numbskull . here , take a sip of coffee . you be delirious . a confuse Harry sip the coffee and check out the pass terrain . then something start to awn on he . slowly . harry uh , Lloyd , refresh my memory : do not the sun rise in the east and set in the west ? lloyd in we country it do , yes . 63. harry then perchance you can explain to I why the sun be in we face at 7:30 in the morning when we be head west . Lloyd think about this and then look sickened . CUT to : ext . truckstop - morning the mutt cutt van be park next to a couple rig and Harry be sit beside it on the pavement , a broken man . lloyd I be only human , Harry . anybody can make a mistake . but Harry just sit there , practically catatonic . lloyd ( cont 'd ) come on , man , pull yourself together . harry you know , I get half a mind to just jump on the bus to Europe and say goodbye to you ugly mug forever . lloyd ( roll he eye ) you can not take a bus to Europe , dodo . harry oh yeah ? why not ? lloyd you do not have a passport . Harry let out a defeat sigh . lloyd ( cont 'd ) come on , stop be a baby about this . okay , so we back - track a tad . harry a tad ? Lloyd , you drive almost a sixth of the way across the country in the wrong direction . now we do not have enough money to get to aspen , we of not have enough money to get home , we do not have enough to eat , we do not have enough to sleep ! 64 . lloyd well it do not do any good have you sit there on you butt whining about it . if we be gonna get out of this hole , we be gonna have to dig ourselves out . Harry think about this . harry you know , you be absolutely right , Lloyd . he stand up , brushes off he pants , and start to walk toward the highway . lloyd where you go ? harry Home . I be walk home . lloyd you can not be serious . harry ( sarcastic ) why not ? we be probably only five mile away . Harry start resolutely toward the road while Lloyd watch . lloyd ( calling out ) thanks a lot , Mr. perfect . like you never screw up . Harry suddenly stop in he track and turn back to he friend . he seem completely rain . harry look , man ... I be sorry . ( beat ) I never should have let you talk I into this in the first place . you have get a good reason to goo a beautiful girl 's wait for you . but let 's face it , Lloyd , there 's nothing wait for I in aspen . ( beat ) there 's nothing wait for I anywhere . 65 . Lloyd just stand there , speechless , as Harry turn and walk away . out of frustration , he bang the snout of the car , cause it to bark . CUT to : ext . highway - day Harry be walk down the highway , he thumb stick out unenthusiastically . a few car whiz by , the cold wind whipping at he clothes . a station wagon blow by and throw a bag of garbage out the window . it land at Harry 's foot . extreme close - up of harry face - a tear slowly roll down he cheek ( like the indian in the commercial ) . pan down to the bag of garbage . we see it 's a bag of onion that 's rip open . suddenly a hearse pull up and stop . it 's a ominous -look vehicle and Harry hesitates . then the passenger window roll down , revealing a contrite Lloyd at the wheel . lloyd get room for one more , if you still want to go to aspen . Harry look the hearse over . harry where would you find this baby ? lloyd use car dealer . I trade the van for it . plus I get the guy to throw in fifty buck for gas money . ( beat ) come on , man , what do you say ? we still partner ? harry smile and we CUT to : ext . colorado state line - day a impatient detective Dale be still stake - out at the Colorado border with several other officer . dt . dale it do not make sense . they should have be here hour ago . cop maybe they be smarter than we think . 66 . dt . dale how smart can they be ? they be riving a goddamn dog ! another cop rush over hold he walkie-talkie . cop # 2 we just get a report that they be spot about two hour ago head east near Des Moines on I - 80 . dt. dale ( incredulous ) Des Moines ?! why that 's five hundred mile from here ! cop # 1 guess they get wind of we welcoming party . dt . dale we be waste time . let 's mobilize . dt. Dale head for he cruiser while the other cop follow . as the officer climb into they car , we CUT to : int . hearse - day Lloyd be drive and Harry have he foot out the window . lloyd tell I something , Harry . would you really have keep go home if I have not come back to get you ? harry well let I put it this way , Lloyd : do you remember when we be cub scout and we get lose in the wood uring that blizzard ? we huddle together all night , and we make a oath that if we ever get out of there alive we would never ever leave each other 's side again . do you remember that ? Lloyd think hard about this . lloyd we be never cub scout . 67 . harry exactly . just then several cop car whiz by they in the opposite direction with siren blaring and light flashing . when Harry glance back at the cop car , he notice that there 's a coffin in the rear of the vehicle . harry ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? there 's a coffin in the back ! lloyd relax , it 's empty . harry I do not give a shit . I be not drive anywhere with a casket . you know I be superstitious calm down . we will dump it off first chance we get . ext . highway - day Harry and Lloyd be swerving through traffic in the hearse . ahead of they be a real funeral procession . the lead car be a cadillac . int . cadillac ( lead car ) - day ( this be the car right behind the funeral hearse . ) a man and a woman be argue . woman I marry a cheapskate . man shut you trap , gerdie . woman I be so embarrassed . I will never be able to show my face again . man I know something good would come out of this . woman we could have give he a more ignify burial . 68 . man you uncle be a cheap man . remember what he get we for we twenty - fifth ? a friggin ' fern . there 's no way I be gonna spend a load to get he plant . ext . highway - day while the couple argue on , Harry and Lloyd cut in front of they . the man and the woman of not notice this a soon the entire funeral procession be unwittingly following the wrong hearse . CUT to : ext . piggly wiggly supermarket - day Harry and Lloyd pull up to a large green dumpster behind the market . the procession come to a halt behind they . the guy get out of the hearse and remove the coffin from the back . then they unceremoniously heave the coffin into the dumpster and wipe there hand off . on the lead car of the procession - the woman 's jaw be practically on the floor . woman you son-of - a-bitch ! I want a ivorce ! CUT to : quick montage of the hearse weaving it's way through the scenic rockies as we reprise ' mary prayer ' by danny wilson . dissolve to : ext . mountain road - day the hearse drive past a sign that say entering aspen , colorado . CUT to : ext . downtown aspen - day the boy stroll down the sidewalk , look in the window , study the passersby , take in the sight and sound of the ski town . 69 . lloyd be not this wonderful ? what more could a couple of single guy like we ask for ? harry how about food and shelter ? lloyd you be so materialistic . ( beat ) why do not we get down to business and eliver the briefcase to Mary . who know , maybe she will invite we in for tea and a strumpet or two ? harry jolly good idea , chap . and where oes the lovely young lady reside ? lloyd um ... good question . Harry throw Lloyd a concerned look , but then notice a phone booth next to they . harry well what 's she last name ? we will look it up in the phone book . lloyd hmmmm ... you know , I do not believe I catch that either . Harry 's concern grow . harry what about the briefcase , Lloyd ? there must have be a name on it , right ? lloyd ( brighten ) come to think of it , there be . it 's engrave right into the leather . harry what be it ? lloyd samsonite spell just like it sound . 70 . Harry start flipping through the phone book . then abruptly he stop and put the book down , a defeated look on he face . CUT to : int . hearse - night the car be park in a parking lot across the street from a picturesque bridge . Harry and Lloyd be shiver in the front seat as a loud , icy wind whip though the hearse . they be each spoon something out of a coffee cup and sip it . harry any soup leave ? lloyd a little . shall we share it ? harry please . Lloyd open a tiny ketchup packet and squirt half of it into Harry 's cup and the other half into he . they pour a few drop of water in and mix it with they spoon . lloyd mmmm mmmm good ... Lloyd smile bravely at Harry . Harry notice something and lean toward he . harry hey , you get something stick in you front tooth . Lloyd pick a small speck out of he mouth and study it . lloyd hmmm ... look like a old piece of beef jerky . harry stare at it . then : harry wanna split it ? lloyd you be pathetic . get you own . loyd put the floss - meat back in he mouth and chew it . another gust of wind swirl around they . 71 . harry I be freezing my ass off , Lloyd . lloyd Roll up you window . harry it be roll up . lloyd then I guess the damn anti-cold system be not work . you really should get it fix if we be gonna live here all winter . harry what anti-cold system ? Lloyd point to the dash . lloyd right here the a/c button . I put it on full blast about a hour ago and , if anything , the car 's get colder . Harry stare at Lloyd and then throw down he cup , disgust . he open the car door and start to climb out . lloyd ( cont 'd ) what be you go out there for ? harry to warm up . ext . hearse - night Harry get out and lean against the car with he arm cross . Lloyd come from around the other side . lloyd what be you worry about now ? harry I be worried about how you be gonna survive the pummel I be about to give you . lloyd huh ? suddenly Harry lunge at Lloyd , who take off around the other side of the car . Harry leap across the hood , but Lloyd manage to evade he grasp . 72 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Harry , calm down ! you be act like a wild animal ! harry get over here and take you medicine , Lloyd ! lloyd sorry , doc , I can not take medicine . I be a Christian scientist ! Lloyd continue to outrun he around the car . frustrate , Harry open the car and pull the briefcase out . lloyd ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? harry something I should have do a long time ago . this stupid thing have be the root of we problem all along . Harry start walk toward the bridge span a river . lloyd do not do anything foolish , Harry . harry foolish ? this be the most sensible thing I have do in year . I be gonna toss this goddamn curse right into that river . Lloyd start to follow after Harry . lloyd you be make a big mistake , Harry ! I will never forgive you for this ! Harry keep march toward the bridge , determine to dispose of the briefcase . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Harry , hold up ! thing be gonna get better , I promise ! in fact , I think I feel another piece of beef jerky in my leave molar ! it 's yours , Harry , all yours ! Harry stop in he track , intrigue . 73. harry you be bluff . lloyd no I be not , man look . Lloyd pull he cheek back , revealing a molar . Harry squint at it . harry that 's a fill , you liar ! just then , Lloyd make a dash at Harry . Harry turn and run , but Lloyd tackle he as they reach the bridge . the briefcase goe flying , and the guy wrestle pitifully with one another in the snow , roll over and over . finally , Harry manage to get the upper hand . he climb on top and clasp he hand around loyyyd throat . harry ( cont 'd ) I use to have a life ! a miserable one , but a life , nonetheless ! suddenly Lloyd 's eye light up as he see something o.s. behind he friend . lloyd ( choked voice ) Harry , look ! Harry turn and he eye light up , too . he let go of Lloyd as we see there Pov - the briefcase be lying busted OPEN on the ground , revealing stack and stack of big , beautiful hundre dollar bill ! CUT to : ext . downtown aspen - night Harry and Lloyd be hurry down the sidewalk , clutching the briefcase . the city be light up with million of tiny light , like a fantasy winter wonderland . lloyd okay , here 's the plan : we borrow a few buck just a small loan from the briefcase , and we check into a cheap motel . 74 . harry sound good . lloyd and we will keep track of the money we spend with ious . harry we will be meticulous right down to the last penny . lloyd that way , whatever we borrow we can pay back . harry absolutely . we be good for it . lloyd you know , as soon as we get job . harry it will come right out of we first paycheck . CUT to : int . elegant HOTEL suite - night a tuxedoe Bell Captain , barnard , be show the guy around a enormous and luxurious suite . the place be big enough to throw a touchdown bomb in . barnard ... this be the Hotel danbury 's presidential suite , gentleman . it 's normally reserve for royalty , visit dignitary , and illustrious star of stage and take it . the Bell Captain be a bit take aback , but pleased . barnard ( cont 'd ) very good , sir . be there any bag you would like send up ? lloyd thanks , barnard , but we will find we own chick . barnard ( peevish ) I be not talk about lady . 75 . harry oh . then go ahead and send thim up . what be they name ? barnard sigh . barnard Sir , I mean you luggage . Harry force a. embarrassed half -smile . lloyd tell you what you can send up , my friend how about some chow ? the Bell Captain nod . barnard I will bring you a menu . lloyd do not bother . just order we one of everything . at this , Harry serve Lloyd a reproachful look . harry one of everything ? Lloyd ... Lloyd look guilty . lloyd oh , sorry . ( beat ) make that two of everything . Harry smile at this as Lloyd pull a wad of hundre dollar bill out of he pocket . he rip one off and tuck it in barnard 's top pocket . lloyd ( cont 'd ) and here you go , barney . you keep we happy , we will keep you happy . the Bell Captain , barnard , be energize by this tip . barnard yes , sir ! he bow and leave the room . then Lloyd crack open the briefcase and insert a SMALL piece of paper . 76 . lloyd ( proudly ) we first iou . sign and date . CUT to : ext . swanson chalet - night helen swanson be knocking on she step - daughter 's bedroom door . she 's hold a tray with a couple of mug on it . helen Mary ? you awake ? mary ( o.s . ) come in ... int . mary bedroom - night Mary be sit in a chair look sadly out the french window when helen enter . helen I bring you some tea . I think it might help you relax . Mary smile . mary thank you . she take a mug , sip , and pull back . mary ( cont 'd ) yech ! what 's in this , whiskey ? helen uh , sorry ... that one 's mine . helen grab the mug from Mary and hand she the other one . helen ( cont 'd ) feeling any better , honey ? Mary can not take she eye from the window . mary just know that melvin 's out there , be hold by God know who ... ( fight back tear ) it 's all my fault . I should have be there . 77 . helen bullshit . you can not blame yourself for this . if you would be there they would have take you , too . helen pull out a joint and torch it up . she take a hit . mary maybe we should just pay they the money again and get this thing over with . helen now Mary , everything that can be do be be do . you have get to stop torture yourself . mary what be I suppose to do ? go about my life as if everything be fine ? helen that 's exactly what you should do . get the hell out more , go ski , socialize . do not you see , honey ? we can not let on that anything be wrong . if the press or authority get wind of this , the kidnapper might panic . ( beat ) who know what they would do to poor melvin then ? as mary thinks about this , we CUT to : ext . HOTEL danbury - day the guy pull up to the front of the hotel in the hearse . several HOTEL employees rush to help they . Harry and Lloyd get out wear overly trendy ski garb , complete with fur boot , NASA design goggle , and splashy fluorescent color everywhere . the employee all grab the shopping bag and then line up as Lloyd tip they all handsomely . int . bedroom - presidential suite - night the huge bed be cover in box and bag of new goody . Lloyd be go through it all . Harry be sit out on the balcony with he foot up on the railing , check out the mountain view . 78 . harry oh god , it 's really true . last night I think I might have be dream . lloyd it 's no dream , har . we finally crack the big time . harry and it be so simple . all it take be somebody else 's money . Harry light a cigar with a twenty dollar bill , take a hearty puff , and exhales . harry ( cont 'd ) you know , Lloyd , I think you might have go a little overboard with the spend today . he blow out the twenty and toss it off the balcony . lloyd what 's the big deal ? we be gonna pay it all back anyway , right ? harry sure , but do you really think you need to buy that two surfboard ? lloyd surfboard ? I think that be beginner 's skis . this suddenly make sense to Harry . harry ahhh . I be wonder why you have that binding put on they . Lloyd open a box and hold up a scanty negligee . lloyd where would this come from ? harry ( sheepishly ) I buy it . lloyd what for ? 79 . harry I like the feel of it against my skin ... ( defensive ) ... I mean , you know , when a woman 's wear it . Lloyd inspect it more closely . lloyd Harry , how many woman do you know who wear a size xxl ? harry look , leave I alone . I be rich now . I be suppose to have a few eccentricity . there 's a knock on the door . lloyd enter , parlez vous ! the Bell Captain , barnard , enter with a champagne bucket and a newspaper under he arm . barnard I bring you you newspaper and some champagne , gentleman . unfortunately , we do not seem to have the , um , label you request . Lloyd examine the champagne 's label and frown . lloyd all out of boone 's farm , huh ? barnard you have a rapier wit , sir . I take the liberty of bring a comparable substitute : dom perignon . lloyd guess it will have to do , slugger , eh ? Lloyd smile and over tip he . barnard thank you so much , sir . he put the tray down , hand Lloyd the newspaper , and head for the door . 80 . lloyd oh , one more thing : you can dispense with the ' sir ' crap . let 's face it , barney , we be all from the same mold . ( wink ) we just have a little more dough than you right now . barnard smile and exit . Harry come back in the room . he pick up a champagne glass and flick it with he finger , send out a resonant ring . harry cocktail hour have commence ! he start to open the champagne bottle as Lloyd begin thumbing through the newspaper . harry ( cont 'd ) hey , later on what do you say we ...? he notice that Lloyd 's mouth have drop open at something he 's find in the paper . harry ( cont 'd ) Lloyd ... you okay ? lloyd ( dumbstruck ) Harry , it 's she . harry who ? lloyd Mary with the briefcase . this be she ... he shove the newspaper at Harry . close on the headline - it read : swanson to host preservation gala tonight ; city's elite expected . underneath this be a photograph of Mary with she parent . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Mary swanson ... harry come on , cinderella , it 's time to get you ready for the ball ... Roy orbison 's " pretty woman " play over a ... montage of harry and loyyyd glamour make - over : 81 . - the boy be in a beauty parlor get they hair shampoo . - Harry and Lloyd sit beneath old - fashioned hair dryer . the attendant lift the dryer from they head , revealing both guy ' hair in curler . -lloyd 's get shave by a attendant with a straight-razor . suddenly Lloyd grab he neck as if he 's be nick . blood squirt out from between he finger . the other customer stare in horror at this . Lloyd laugh and show everyone a squeeze ketchup bottle hide in he hand . only Harry and Lloyd seem to find this joke amusing . - we see they get they nose hair clipped . pan down to the floor to reveal a pile of nose hair clipping . - then a shot of a man next to they get a pedicure . pan over to Lloyd 's bare foot he have toe nail like Howard Hughes . spark be fly as a attendant wear safety goggle try to sand down Lloyd 's toenail with a electric sander . - Harry be lie on he stomach with he shirt off , get a massage from a beautiful oriental masseuse . he pull a hundred dollar bill from under he towel , hand it to she , and whisper in she ear . she smile . - next we see the Oriental masseuse lie on she stomach with she shirt off , while Harry happily massage she back . - the guy be in a expensive haberdashery . Harry come out of the dress room in a very elegant black tuxedo . he could not look any more suave . the saleman nod , impressed , but Lloyd shake he head no and Harry go back in . - Harry reappear in another stylish white tuxedo . the salesman look on hopefully , but Lloyd again disapprove . - this time Harry come out in a junior - prom - like sky - blue tuxedo , complete with tacky frill . the salesman look sicken as Lloyd give Harry the thumb up . pan across the STREET from the haberdashery - a apprehensive j.p. shay be sit in a park car , watching harry and lloyd . dissolve to : 82. ext . aspen preservation society - night throng of guest in black - tie and elegant gowns be enter the building . suddenly the hearse pull up with Harry and Lloyd bumper surfing behind it . Harry 's wear he blue tuxedo . Lloyd 's tux be not any better it 's pumpkin orange . ( they 've got matching top hat and cane . ) when the hearse stop , the boy hand the driver barnard a couple hundred dollar . lloyd thanks for the lift , barney . int . aspen preservation society Nicholas Andre be greeting people at the door . however , when Harry and Lloyd try to enter , he stop they and give they the once over . andre Excuse I , gentleman , but this be a five- hundred - dollar - a- plate dinner . Harry and Lloyd look at each other and shrug . then Lloyd take out a wad of bill and peel off ten hundred , much to the amazement of Andre . lloyd this should cover a couple plate . harry I be kind of hungry , Lloyd . what if we want second ? Lloyd think about this . then he peel off another thou . lloyd put we down for four plate , my good man . they enter the party . as Andre watch they go , he associate j.p . shay come up beside he , a alarmed look on he face . j.p. shay ( whispering ) Jesus Christ , boss ... it 's they . back on harry and lloyd - the guy make they way through the affluent crowd . lloyd I be get nervous , Harry . 83. harry relax , Lloyd . this people be just like you and I . lloyd what be you talk about ? they be educate , well - breed , charming , and sophisticated . harry so what ? we can be sophistica holy shit , would you look at the fun bag on that hose hound . he point out a busty blonde bombshell enter the party . Lloyd roll he eye . lloyd do not do this to I , Harry . I be already a wreck . what if Mary oes not like I ? harry look , let 's just go saddle up to the bar and down a couple bowl of loudmouth soup . a little booze will bring back that old Lloyd Christmas over - confidence . the guy stand out at the glitter social scene as they make they way to the bar . lloyd ( to bartender ) two martinis , straight up . as Harry and Lloyd silently take in the party , a beautiful red head reach between they for a cocktail napkin , then walk away . lloyd ( cont 'd ) shut up , Harry . harry I do not say anything . lloyd yeah , well I know what you be gonna say and I be tell you to shut up in advance . harry how do you know what I be gonna say ? 84 . lloyd I read you like a book . harry okay , if you read I like a book then what be I gonna say ? lloyd you be gonna say : ( in Harry 's looped voice ) ' that 's one fiery bush I would not mind roasting my weenie in . ' Harry raise he eyebrow , impressed . lloyd ( cont 'd ) and I would say ' shut up ' , because this be we chance to get in with the rich and powerful and you do not ingratiate yourself to the kind of people by act like ron Jeremy on Spanish fly . the bartender deliver they martinis as we hear the o.s. clinking of a glass . the guy turn to see Nicholas Andre stand at a podium . next to he be a large , cover display . on he other side be Karl and Elizabeth swanson . andre if I could have you attention , please ... the crowd quiet . andre ( cont 'd ) I would like to thank you all for come to this very special event . as you know , the aspen preservation society - found and chiefly fund by we great benefactor , Karl and helen swanson - be the world 's foremost efender of endangered species . we sprawling ground be home to twenty - three separate variety of animal that be currently list on the United Nation 's charter of protect species . tonight , we be deeply honore to have Mr. Karl swanson welcome we twenty - fourth . 85 . the crowd clap as Mr. swanson take Andre 's place at the podium . mr. swanson lady and gentleman , I give you the icelandic snow owl . he pull the cover off , revealing two majestic , fluffy white owl in a cage . everyone oohs and ahhs . mr. swanson ( cont 'd ) this magnificent specimen be rescued recently , culminating a five - year , two -million - dollar effort on we part . together , they constitute one - seventh of the snow owl population leave on the planet . on andre - he 's nervously eyeing Harry and Lloyd . he look pale . mr. swanson here this lovely bird will be allow to breed in a natural but protect habitat . and , God willing , with you help and that of the Society 's , we will see this wonderful creature flourish once more . more applause . mr. swanson ( cont 'd ) again , thank you , and enjoy you evening . oh , and feel free to take a closer look at we new friend here . enjoy . the crowd applaud and begin to mingle again . Lloyd turn back to the bartender and hold up he empty glass . lloyd two more , please . Harry stare at Lloyd with concern . harry Lloyd , I have never see you this uptight . you have gotta chill out . lloyd I can not help it . this be a very important night for I . ( more ) 86 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Harry , have you ever wonder why you and I never have long - term girlfriend ? harry what be you talk about ? I go out with fraida felcher for two and a half week . lloyd that be a fluke . ( beat ) the reason we never have long - term girlfriend be because of one thing : we be afraid of the C word . harry that 's crazy . we live for the C word . lloyd I be talk bout commitment . harry ( beat ) oh. lloyd well I be ready for commitment , Harry . the first time I laid eye on Mary swanson , I know she be the one . ( beat ) some thing you feel in you heart , other thing you feel in you groin . this girl make I feel it all in the heart . suddenly Lloyd notice something across the room . he Pov - a beguile mary swanson be talking with a couple of guest . she' wearing a spectacular black cocktail dress . Lloyd quickly turn toward the bar . lloyd ( cont 'd ) oh shit , there she be . 87 . harry ( check she out ) wow . you be not kid , Lloyd . she 's a angel . ( beat ) well , what be you wait for ? get over there and talk to she . lloyd she 's gonna think I be some kind of psycho when she realize how far I come just to see she . harry you have she briefcase she 's gonna be thrilled to see you . lloyd and then what ? she will take it back and that will be it . I be a nobody . Harry think about this a moment . harry look , man , you just drive two thousand mile to see this girl . do not quit on the last fifty foot . lloyd ( brighten ) wait a second , I have a idea . you go over and introduce yourself . that way you can build I up so when I come along I will not have to brag about myself . tell she I be good - look and I be rich and I have a rapist 's wit . harry I can not tell she you be good look , Lloyd she 's get eye . Lloyd take a big gulp of he new martini . lloyd please Harry , I be appeal to you as one loser to another . just build I up and then give I a signal to come over . please . Harry sigh . 88. harry all right . but you be gonna owe I a big one for this . Harry straighten he polka - dot bow-tie , then approach Mary , who be now stand alone , admire the owl . harry ( cont 'd ) Nice set of hooter you get there . Mary turn to Harry , stunne . mary I beg you pardon ? harry the owl . they be beautiful . mary oh. yeah. ( beat ) be you a bird lover ? harry well , I use to have a parakeet , but my main area of expertise be canine that 's dog to the layperson . she smile at this . mary thanks . I love dog , too . so how be you involved with they ? harry oh , I have train they , bath they , clipped they ; I have even breed they . mary really ? any unusual breeding ? harry Nah , mostly just doggie-style . but one time we successfully mate a bulldog and a shitzu . mary really ? that 's weird . harry yeah . we call it a bullshit . ( break out laughing ) just a little breeder joke . 89 . she seem strangely charme by this . harry ( cont 'd ) anyway , the real reason I come over be because I want to introduce you to a friend of mine . just then , Mary 's stepmother approach . she 's hold a martini and look a little sloshed . helen Mary , I do not believe I have meet you friend . mary actually , we have not be introduce yet . ( hold out hand ) I be Mary swanson , and this be my stepmother , helen . harry Harry dunne . pleasure meeting you both . helen I see you come in earlier , Mr. dunne . I be hope we would get a chance to meet . harry ( take aback ) you be ? helen that tuxedo I love a man with a sense of humor . so do Mary . Mary shoot helen a look , then smile at Harry . harry really ? for a moment , he 's catch up in Mary 's eye , but then manage to snap out of it . harry ( cont 'd ) anyway , about my friend you do anything tomorrow , Mr. dunne ? because I believe Mary 's look for somebody to hit the slope with . whuh ? mary helen , you be embarrassing I . 90 . helen well you be , be not you ? ( to Harry ) poor girl do not get out enough . so what do you say , Harry ? be you available ? Harry think about this , then look across the room at a hopeful Lloyd . harry oh , I do not know . you see , my friend you friend for one day . you and Mary will have a ball . Mary 's captivate eye meet he , wait for a answer . harry ( cont 'd ) um ... well ... I do not know . you see , the thing be ... sure . on lloyd - he wait impatiently at the bar as Harry return . lloyd how come you do not call I over ? harry relax , you be golden . I get you a eat with she tomorrow . Lloyd fall back against the bar and grab he chest . he 's speechless . lloyd wha ... you ... I ... it 's ... ( smile ) I love you , man . I love you ! Lloyd clamp a embarrassed Harry in a tight embrace . harry okay , get a grip , Lloyd . you be make a scene . Lloyd step back elate . lloyd this call for a toast ! he grab a bottle of champagne out of a bucket and start to open it . 91 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be my best man , har , I mean it . it be always between you and my future wife 's brother , but you just earn a seat at the head table , pal . suddenly the cork shoot out of the champagne bottle and zip across the room like a bullet directly toward one of the now even wider - eyed owl . in quick succession we hear a bok ! , a squawk ! , and a thump ! a hush fall over the entire party as everyone turn they stunne attention to the cage . there Pov - feather be floating in the AIR throughout the cage , and one of the icelandic snow Owls lie on its back , its species now one bird closer to extinction . Harry and Lloyd look on in horror . Harry take the smoking champagne bottle from Lloyd and place it on the bar . harry ( under breath ) I think we have do enough hobnob , Lloyd . the guy lower there head and slink out of the room before anyone can figure out what happen anyone except for Nicholas Andre , that be ; we pan to show that he 's be stand nearby watch they every move . and he do not look very happy . CUT to : int . aaspen apartment - night Nicholas Andre be pace the room with a drink in he hand while j.p . shay look on nervously . j.p. shay maybe it be just a coincidence . andre do not be stupid . it 's a message , plain and simple : we kill they bird , now they kill ours . 92 . j.p. shay but how could anybody off a bird with a cork ? andre this guy arent ' just anybody . they be good . look what they do to mental . he be the best , and yet he fall right into they web . j.p. shay but the bastard already get we money . what the hell more could they want ? Andre run he finger through he hair . andre ( at wit 's end ) I do not know , god damn it ! CUT to : int . bedroom - presidential suite - the next morning a jubilant Lloyd be fix he hair in the mirror . in the b.g. , Harry be put on he new ski clothes include a pair of thermal tight . lloyd Mrs. Christmas ... Mary Christmas ... Mrs. Mary Christmas . you know , it have kind of a ring to it , oes not it , har ? harry sound nice , Lloyd , but do not you think you may be jump the gun a little ? I mean , who know , when you get to know she , you may find out she 's not you type . lloyd impossible . I know my type when I see it . now let I get this straight , she want I to meet she at the avalanche bar and Grill on Main Street ? harry that 's what she say . ten o'clock sharp . this be when Lloyd notice Harry 's get-up . 93. lloyd time out . where be go ress like that . harry I , uh , think while you be make you love connection I would try my luck on the slope . lloyd you mean you be gonna go out in public dress in tight ? harry this be not tight . they be fashionable euro-trash ski trousers . lloyd but you can see the outline of you who - who . Harry look down at he crotch . harry really ? lloyd turn sideways . Harry turn he profile against the window . lloyd ( cont 'd ) actually , it 's just a tiny little lump . no one will ever notice . harry you be right . I can not go out dress like this . CUT to : ext . aspen base lodge - day establishing shot of the building . int . aspen base lodge people be put they boot on and they skis be line up on the wall behind they . Mary be wait by the fireplace in a incredibly sexy snowsuit . 94 . suddenly Harry appear in the room , dress ridiculously . as he begin to clumsily make he way through the lodge toward Mary , we see that he already have he skis on . he kick over a row of skis and get glare from all side . finally he reach she , out of breath . harry sorry I be late . it 's a bitch drive a clutch with this thing . ext . chair lift - day Harry and Mary be at the front of the lift line . the couple ahead of they get on a chair , and then they shuffle into position . Harry crouch nervously , wait for the chair . the chair swing around , come up behind they , and make a smooth pick up of Mary , that be . a embarrassed Harry be still in the crouching position , have miss the ride . Mary look back at he , confuse . suddenly he pretend to be stretch . harry ( calling out ) you take the first run alone . I be gonna loosen up down here . CUT to : int . avalanche bar &amp ; grill - day Lloyd enter the bar as the waiter be set up for the day . waiter I be sorry , we do not open until eleven . this be disconcert news to Lloyd . lloyd I be meeting someone . mind if I wait at the bar ? the waiter shrug and Lloyd sit down at the empty bar . CUT to : ext . chair lift - day Harry and Mary be now sit together on a chair as it rise higher and higher toward the impose mountain top . Harry hold onto the chair 's frame nervously . mary beautiful day , huh , Harry ? 95 . harry glorious . Mary take a deep breath . mary God , it feel so good to get up here . I have not be outdoors much in the last couple of week . harry why not ? mary ( evasive ) there 's be ... family problem . I of not want to bore you with they . harry thanks . he look mindlessly off in the distance . then Harry notice a patch of frost on the chair lift bar . harry ( cont 'd ) oh , look ... frost . he lick it and he tongue immediately fuse with the frozen metal . he tug a few time , but it will not budge . mary be you okay ? harry ( lisping ) sure . I do this all the time ... CUT to : ext . mountain top - day as Mary and Harry arrive at the top of the lift , Mary disembark but Harry stay on . harry ( lisping ) see ya at the bottom ... Harry and the chair lift swing around and start head down the hill . CUT to : 96 . ext . bottom of mountain - day the chair lift come back around with Harry still sit on it , stick to the bar . two little kide climb on with he . harry ( lisping ) hi. ( off they look ) say , kid , you would not happen to have a cup of warm water , would you ? the two kid just stare at he . CUT to : int . avalanche bar &amp ; grill - afternoon a despondent Lloyd 's get a couple of empty in front of he now . the bar be open and there be a few customer sprinkle about . Lloyd take a sip of he drink and look up at the clock on the wall . it 's 12:30 . we see a pair of beautiful leg slide onto the stool next to he . pan over to reveal that it 's the athletic beauty that Harry have try to pick up at the truck stop . athletic beauty hi. Lloyd grunt a hello . athletic beauty ( cont 'd ) bad day , huh ? Lloyd grunt once more . athletic beauty ( cont 'd ) ( big smile ) well do not worry , mercury 's suppose to be come out or retrograde tonight . thing will get better . as lloyd grunt again , we CUT to : ext . base lodge - afternoon Mary gracefully carve she way to the bottom of the hill and stop with a snow - spraying flourish . she look around the outdoor patio for Harry . she spot something and do a double - take . 97 . mary Pov - harry be sitting at a table , still attached to the chair lift ( which have be remove from the cable ) . he 's drink a cup of coffee and try to act nonchalant , espite the gawk of the other skier . there 's a mime perform in the b.g . back to scene mary my god . Harry , be you okay ? harry ( lisping ) I be fine , I be fine . it will come off . CUT to : close up of Harry 's head through a rifle scope . reverse angle to reveal j.p . shay a few hundred foot up the hill with a high - power rifle train on Harry . shay you be luck just run out , pal . as he trigger finger twitches with anticipation , we go back to scene mary this be silly . let I help you ... Mary get up and stand behind Harry . he moan nervously . she grab he head in both hand and start pull it away from the bar . we see harry tongue stretch ridiculously ... five inches ... six ... then EIGHT . Harry groans in pain . suddenly , he tongue come undone and Harry and Mary fall backwards out of the path of j.p. shay 's bullet as it whizhes by . we hear the mime in the b.g. cry out in pain : mime goddamn it ! what the fuck ?! the poor mime hold he bleed hand and retreat nervously into the lodge as the crowd boos he . CUT to : int . avalanche bar &amp ; grill - afternoon Lloyd 's now swim in despair , as the athletic beauty ramble on beside he . 98 . athletic beauty ... anyway , after my boyfriend back into my garage for the third time , I say to myself , ' run , Cathy , run for you life before he kill you both ' . then you know what the klutz do and to be perfectly honest , I of not really care . ( beat ) look , I be sorry , but I be not very good company today . I will say . ( beat ) I have a idea . why do not you tell I a little about yourself . lloyd maybe some other time . Lloyd motion for the bartender . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , you would not happen to know a Mary swanson , would you ? bartender sure . her family come in here all the time . lloyd do you know where she life ? bartender yeah , they get that big place up on Alpine drive . CUT to : ext . swanson chalet - late afternoon the hearse pull up to the house and stop . int . hearse mary I have get to tell you , today be really just what I need . thanks a lot , Harry . harry my pleasure , Mary . she beam and give he a kiss on the cheek . 99 . mary so you will pick I up tonight at 7:45 ? harry better make it quarter to eight . I have get a few thing to take care of first . Harry watch , lovestruck , as Mary get out of the car and walk toward the house . harry ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) Mary dunne ... Mrs. Mary dunne ... get a nice ring to it . we pan from the hearse to some nearby bush , where we see a shatter lloyd watching all this in disbelief . lloyd some best man . dissolve to : montage of Lloyd walk through the hill of aspen , totally bummed out . dissolve to : int . bedroom - presidential suite - evening Lloyd be sit forlornly on the bed while Harry feign surprise at what he 's just hear . harry it do not make any sense , Lloyd . she tell I ten o'clock sharp . be you sure you go to the right bar ? lloyd believe I , it be the right place . ( sigh ) I do not know , har , maybe she just have second thought . harry I have a hard time believe that , Lloyd . the girl say she could not wait to see you again . Harry pace back and forth when suddenly something occure to he . 100 . harry ( cont 'd ) wait a minute ... lloyd what ? harry it just occur to I . she must have mean ten o'clock at night . lloyd ( brighten ) do ya think ...? harry of course ! why would she have you meet she at a bar at ten in the morning ? lloyd ( shrugging ) I just figure she be a raging alcoholic . Harry bark out a laugh at they stupidity . harry Boy , be not we a couple of beauty ? lloyd I know there be a explanation . and here I think she be stand I up . harry that will teach you to jump to conclusion . ( beat ) anyway , since you have you night all plan , I think I will run out and catch a flick . as Harry walk into the closet to change , Lloyd clenches he fist and glare after he . then he regains he composure and move to the bar . lloyd will you join I in a good luck toast before you head out ? 101 . harry ( o.s. ) sure thing , pal . whatever you think will help you chance . Lloyd bite he lip at this . he fill two mug with coffee and throw a splash of Bailey 's in each . he check to make sure Harry be still in the closet , then pull out a BOX of ex - lax . lloyd dump the entire pack into one mug and mix it in . when harry come out of the closet dressed in a new suit and tie , lloyd doe a double - take . lloyd pretty snazze out for a movie , be not you ? harry uh ... it 's for mature audience . I of not wanna chance get turn away at the door . lloyd I see . Lloyd hand he the mug with the ex - lax . then he lift he own glass . lloyd ( cont 'd ) to my friend Harry the matchmaker . Harry feel a pang of guilt but drink up anyway . harry mmmmm ... he gulp down the drink . CUT to : int . hearse - night Harry 's drive along , whistling happily to himself in anticipation of the night . suddenly we hear a low , intestinal rumble . he react and rub he stomach . 102 . ext . swanson chalet - night the hearse park on the street and Harry get out . he 's walk up the step to the house when we hear more gaseous thunder from he stomach . Harry stop in he track , get he inside under control , and continue to the front porch , where he ring the bell . Mary answer the door , fiddling with she earring . mary hi. come on in . int . swanson chalet Harry follow she inside . mary make yourself at home . I be almost ready . just give I one more minute . as she disappear down a hallway , we hear Harry 's upset stomach again . he notice a bathroom off the hallway and rush inside . int . bathroom hold on Harry 's face as he quickly pull he pants down and nestle onto the throne . he let out a sigh of relief as he do he business , then lean over and slide OPEN the window to air the room out . he 's still glue to the toilet when he hear a knock on the door . mary ( o.s . ) be you in there , Harry ? harry ( nervously ) be right out . mary ( o.s . ) I hope you be not use the toilet . it 's break . zoom in tight on Harry 's face - he eye go wide and a visible sweat break out on he forehead . harry huh ? 103 . mary ( o.s . ) it do not flush . harry um , no , I be just ... shave . ext . hallway a confuse Mary be stand outside the bathroom door . mary shave ? harry ( o.s . ) yeah ! I be run a little late . think this would save time . mary okay . well I will be in the live room whenever you be ready . int . bathroom Harry 's get he pants back on and be lift the lid off the toilet tank . he start tinkering with a few valve . harry ( under breath ) come on , flush , you bastard ... ext . live room - swanson chalet - night Mary 's sit patiently on the couch with she leg cross . she look at she watch , then flip on the tv . on the tube - the news be on . a woman reporter be address the camera gravely : reporter we will be back in a minute with the story of the blind Indiana boy who be dupe into buy a dead parakeet . we see billy the blind boy from apartment 4 - C sit in he wheelchair , hold up petey the parakeet with its head scotch tape on its body . blind boy ... I think he be real quiet ... 104 . the reporter shake she head and they go to a commercial . Mary shiver at this and turn off the television . suddenly the doorbell ring . she get up and open the front door . her Pov - a dapper Lloyd be stand there in he new aspen - chic clothes . mary yes ...? lloyd hi. ( beat ) do not you remember I ? mary um ... I be not really ... lloyd South Bend . I drive you to the airport last week . mary ( dawn on she ) oh my god . Lloyd , right ? Lloyd be thrilled at this . lloyd you remember . mary what be you do in aspen ? lloyd I bring you you briefcase you leave it at the airport so I pick it up for you . Mary 's mouth drop OPEN . mary you be the one who take my briefcase ? lloyd yeah , it 's back at my hotel room . come on , let 's take a ride . I will give it to you . Mary be tear between get she briefcase and wait for Harry . mary wait right here . 105 . she go to the bathroom door . Inside we hear the loud clanking of metal against metal . mary ( cont 'd ) Harry , what be you do in there ? int . bathroom Harry 's get the eintire toilet completely disassembled now . various piece of the commode litter the floor , include the big plastic float ball . he 's on he knee tinkering with some pipe come out of the wall . harry uh ... just clean my tooth . give I a minute , Mary , I will be right with you . mary ( o.s. ) sorry , but something important 's come up and I have to run out . it 's sort of a emergency . I will explain later . harry but Mary -- mary ( o.s . ) -- I be really sorry , Harry . I promise we will do this another time . Harry hear she footstep echo down the hallway and then the front door close . Harry slump against the sink , defeat . harry great ... CUT to : int . mary jaguar - night Lloyd be in the passenger seat , wear a subtle , satisfied smile . a anxious look Mary be at the wheel . ext . HOTEL danbury - night the jaguar pull up in front of the hotel . as Lloyd and Mary get out , we pan over to reveal that they be be follow by Nicholas Andre and j.p. shay in a mercede . 106 . int . andre's mercede Andre pull a pistol from beneath he seat and slip it into he coat . andre they be mine ... int . presidential suite the door open and Lloyd and Mary enter . lloyd .. so anyway , as soon as I get to town I try to look you up but I id not know you last name . he lead she to the close briefcase which be sit on the bed . mary I do not believe it . you really have it . lloyd ' course I have it . when Lloyd Christmas drive a woman to the airport , he make sure she get all she luggage , no matter what he have to of . Mary look at Lloyd and smile . mary this be incredible . you mean to say you drive two thousand mile just for I ? lloyd well ... no ... I mean , you know , there be other reason ... ( beat ) actually , yeah , I guess I do . she can not believe she ear . mary that be the sweetest thing I have ever hear . 107 . he drop he head and Mary lean over and kiss he on the cheek . CUT to : int . hearse - night a sullen Harry be drive back to the hotel . harry ( mumbling to himself ) it 's all kharma , Harry . you screw you best friend over and it 's gonna come back to haunt you , plain and simple ... CUT to : int . presidential suite close on loyyyd face - he 's starry - eye in love as he spill he gut . lloyd look , Mary , I know this may seem a little sudden but I have give it a lot of think : you be the woman I have be wait for my whole life , and I be not ashamed to admit it -- ( hold up he hand ) -- please , let I finish . ( deep breath ) I be crazy about you . I have never feel this way about anyone . you make it so easy for I to tell you my innermost desire . ( nervous laugh ) listen to I , I feel like a schoolboy again . ( beat ) a schoolboy who desperately want to make sweet , sweet love to you . suddenly we hear toilet flushing o.s. reverse angle reveal that Lloyd have be talk to a empty chair . the bathroom oor open and Mary come out . she look around , expect to see someone else . mary oh ... I think I hear you talk to someone . 108 . Lloyd be flustered . he swallow hard . it 's the moment of truth . lloyd Mary ... ( blurting out ) I desperately want to make love to a schoolboy . mary ( take aback ) maybe I should be go now . lloyd no , that 's not what imeant . I mean ... I really like you , Mary . I like you a lot . she smile at this . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I be gonna ask you something flat out and I want you to answer I honestly : what do you think the chance be of a girl like you and a guy like I end up together ? Mary be obviously throw by this question . mary Lloyd , that 's difficult to say . I mean we hardly -- lloyd -- I ask you to be honest , Mary . mary but Lloyd , I really can not -- lloyd -- come on , give it to I straight . I rove a long way to see you , the least you can do be level with I . what be my chance ? mary not good . beat lloyd you mean not good , like one out of a hundred ? 109 . mary I would say more like one out of a million . beat lloyd ( duh ) so you be tell I there 's a chance ? just then , there 's a knock at the door . when Lloyd open it , he 's face to face with Nicholas Andre . mary Nicholas ... what be you do here ? andre I have be look for you , Mary . I have get some interesting news about you husband . Lloyd look at mary , devastate . lloyd husband ? andre be not you two go to invite I in ? Lloyd and Mary hear a click and turn to see Andre pointing a gun at they . Andre step into the room , and we CUT to : int . HOTEL danbury - lobby - night as Harry mope through the lobby , we hear someone call out : woman' voice ( o.s. ) hey ! Harry turn to see the athletic beauty approach . harry you ...? what be you do here ? CUT to : int . presidential suite Nicholas Andre have he gun point at a stunne Lloyd and Mary . 110 . andre well at least you two get to say you goodby . lloyd who be you ? andre do not play dumb with I , asshole . I be the rightful ower of that briefcase you have be carry . lloyd uh-oh . Mary can not believe what 's happen . mary Nicholas , you ... you motherfucker ! my family trust you ! andre shut up ! lloyd uh , sir , about the briefcase , I want you to know , my friend Harry and I have every intention of reimbursing you . Andre look alarmed . he motion Mary to the briefcase with he gun . andre open that damn thing ! Mary open the briefcase and a pile of white , crumpled - up ball of paper fall out along with a few packet of hundred . andre ( cont 'd ) what the hell 's this ? where 's all the money ? lloyd that 's as good as money , sir . that be we ious . you can add they up yourself . every penny 's account for . Andre look like he head be about to burst in anger . andre you be fuck dead ! 111 . lloyd now do not do anything hasty , man . CUT to : int . HOTEL hallway Harry get out of the elevator and let himself into the presidential suite . int . presidential suite Harry enter look contrite and call out : harry Lloyd , be you home ? we have gotta talk , man . I have a serious confession to make . Harry come around the corner and stop cold . he Pov - Lloyd and Mary be lie on the bed , they arm handcuff to the bedpost . harry ( cont 'd ) oh good , you find she . I will just leave you two kid alone . Harry turn to go , but bump into the muzzle of andre's gun . andre why do not you stay and join the party ? CUT to : int . presidential suite - a few minute later Harry be sit beside Lloyd and Mary on the bed . Nicholas Andre keep he gun train on they while he speak on the phone : andre .. I want a one - way ticket to Rio De janerio depart as soon as possible ... on the bed - Harry and Lloyd can not look each other in the eye . mary you mean you two know each other ? 112 . lloyd ( cut ) yeah , we use to be best friend . harry until he turn into a backstabber . lloyd I a backstabber ? you get a lot of nerve . I see she first . harry hey , I could not help it if she find I irresistable . Mary roll her eye at this . lloyd but you know how crazy I be about she . harry yeah , and you know how crazy I be about fraida felcher , but that do not stop you , do it ? lloyd ( wane righteousness ) what be you talk about ? harry do not deny it , Lloyd . fraida tell I the whole sordid story . Lloyd can not muster a defense . lloyd look ... I be gonna tell you about that . it be gonna be mention at the read of my will . I swear , you can ask my lawyer . Harry glare at he . harry well I guess we both learn a little something about each other , do not we ? lloyd you say it , pal . maybe we be not as good friend as we think we be . 113 . harry guess not . lloyd I mean , if one beautiful girl could rip we apart like this , then it seem we friendship be not worth a damn . ( beat ) maybe we should call it quit right here . harry just tell I where to sign , bud . suddenly they hear the metallic click - clack of a gun be cocked . andre okay , which one of you loser want to die first ? the guy exchange a look and swallow hard . harry I would not pull that trigger if I be you . andre why not ? it will look like just another aspen love triangle . you catch the two of they in bed , handcuff they to the post , murder they , and kill yourself . harry ( smug ) except you be forget one minor etail . andre what 's that ? Lloyd and Mary look at Harry , hopeful . harry if you kill we , you would be kill yourself . andre ( puzzle ) huh ? 114 . harry you see , philosopher believe that we be all really just tiny piece of one huge universal be . in other word , I be you and you be I , so if you be to kill we you would be commit suicide , you unenlighten idiot -- andre -- shut up ! Mary see that they be in deep shit now . mary what about my husband ? do you kill he , too ? harry husband ? what husband ? lloyd Mary 's marry , Harry . andre no need to worry about melvin . ( beat ) now this be the last time I will ask : who want to die first ? Harry gesture with he head at Mary . harry kill she . the bitch should have tell he she be marry back at the airport . it would have save we a lot of trouble . Andre point the gun at Mary . lloyd no , I will go first , Harry . I be the one who get you into this mess . Andre point the gun at Lloyd . harry no , wait , do I first . I be the one who steal you girl , Lloyd . I eserve it . 115 . Andre sigh and point the gun at Harry . then , as Mary and Lloyd look on in horror , he fire twice . Harry grab he stomach and fall off the bed to the floor . lloyd Jesus Christ ! you kill my best friend , you bastard ! Andre smile . andre if it 's any consolation , you be about to be reunite . he aim the gun at Lloyd , cock the trigger . suddenly , a shot ring out and the gun be blow out of Andre 's hand . on the floor - Harry be very much alive and point a pistol at the stunne Nicholas Andre . lloyd Harry ! you be alive ! just they , the door burst OPEN and several police officer storm in with they weapon draw . cop # 1 get you hand up , asshole ! Lloyd and Harry throw they hand into the air . a stunne Andre turn to see six gun point at he head . he reluctantly raise he hand . Mary and Lloyd be flabbergasted by the turn of event . there 's a sudden commotion in the room . push she way through the mass of cop come the athletic beauty . she flash a id . athletic beauty special Officer Kathryn frick . Federal Bureau of investigation . lloyd ( dumbstruck ) you gotta be kid . athletic beauty good work , Harry . Lloyd look to he friend , confuse . Harry open he shirt , revealing a bullet - proof vest . 116 . harry she grab I down in the lobby and explain what be up . they slap this on I and give I a gun . lloyd ( to athletic beauty ) but how do you ...? athletic beauty we have be follow you two all the way from Providence . Mr. and Mrs. swanson have a home device plate in the briefcase . the guy glance guiltily at one another . harry yeah , about that dough ... athletic beauty every bill be counterfeit and mark . Harry and Lloyd exhale a sigh of relief . CUT to : ext . HOTEL danbury - night there 's a swarm of onlooker as Andre and j.p . shay be hustle into a police car and drive away . while Mary talk to the police , Harry and Lloyd stare at she lovingly . lloyd she 's something , be not she , har ? harry you be right , Lloyd . she be efinitely worth the trip . lloyd guess we have to admit it , she be too good for we . just then , a cruiser pull up and Mary 's husband jump out . melvin oh god , baby , I miss you ! Harry and Lloyd stare in wonder as mel gibson climb out of the car . Mary and mel embrace , then mel turn to the guy . 117 . melvin ( cont 'd ) I can not thank you enough , fella . it be so darn dank in that well , I really think it would be the death of I . Harry and Lloyd be too stunne to respond . they look at each other , and we dissolve to : int . lobby - HOTEL danbury - the next day Lloyd and Harry come out of the elevator with they meager luggage , but this time nobody rush to they aid . ext . HOTEL danbury - day the guy exit the hotel and approach the Bell Captain , barnard . harry hey , barney ... bell captain yes , gentleman ? lloyd look , we just want to say that we appreciate all you do for we during we stay . harry and we be , um , sorry about the money we give you turn out to be phony . bell captain do not worry about it , gentleman . the swanson family have promise to reimburse everyone . this seem to please Lloyd and Harry . the hearse be deliver to the front door . lloyd well , anyway , thanks again for everything . they turn to go , but barnard call to they : barnard where be you two head ? 118. harry I dunno . I be sure we will find a trailer camp somewhere to call home . barnard why not right here ? Harry and Lloyd look at each other , confuse . lloyd this joint be a little out of we budget , barney . barnard ( smile ) oh , I think we might be able to find you a free room somewhere -- after all , like you once tell I , we be all from the same mold . ( wink ) you just do not have any dough right now . the guy be stunned by barnard 's generous offer . harry be you on the level ? barnard absolutely . we will just slide you into one of the employee room ... the guy beam at this . barnard ( cont 'd ) ... provide , of course , you do not mind work one or two afternoon a week . Harry and Lloyd lock eye . then : lloyd you know what , barney , I think we will take out chance down the road . barnard shake he head as the two fool climb into they hearse and drive off . ext . highway - day as the hearse drive down the road , we hear v.o. : 119 . harry ( v.o. ) since we be finish elbow -rubbing , what next , lloyd ? lloyd ( v.o. ) I say we head due south and try a little nose -rubbing with some of they slinky eskimo babe . harry ( v.o. ) now you be talk my language . you know I get a weakness for blond . as they head toward they next adventure , the camera pull up , up , up ... end credit the end