dune seventh draft david lynch December 9 , 1983 -- 1 . arrakis - a scene from space also know as dune , home of the fremen , former Zenzunni wanderer . 1a . int . rock ledge - sietch tabr - night black fade in to the dark eye of the mysterious face of the reverend mother ramallo , who sit against smooth black rock . her eye be deep blue-within-blue and she skin be a haunt translucent white . her voice echoes as if in a great cavern . reverend mother ramallo we be the secret of the Universe . response of twenty thousand voice bi-la kaifa . reverend mother ramallo we be the secret of the Universe . we know of spice ... the spice call melange ... the great treasure in the Universe . it exist on only one planet - ours arrakis , dune . we know of spice and the bene gesserit sisterhood 's selective breeding plan of ninety generation to produce the kwisatz haderach , the one the spice will awaken . response of twenty thousand voice bi-la kaifa . reverend mother ramallo and now the prophecy ... silence ... then a powerful low organ note resounding in the cavernous space . reverend mother ramallo ( cont 'd ) he will come ... the voice from the outer world , bring the holy war , the Jihad , which will cleanse the Universe and bring we out of darkness . he will have be bear of a bene gesserit mother . -- the reverend mother continue speak of the prophecy , but we do not hear it . the huge wind organ blows louder and louder , obscure she voice . the picture fade . 1b . kaitain - a scene from space Home planet of House corrino and shadam iv , Emperor of the know universe . 2 . int . drop - night fade in to : ... interior of one drop of water . the image change subtly . 2a . ext . - drop - night pull back to a shot revealing the outside of the drop . there be a distant roaring and within the drop we can see the distort image of a space ship landing on a sophisticated landing field . 3 . ( deleted ) 3a . ext . landing field - emperor' palace - night on the dark landing field , chemical spill out of the ship in trough and tank -suite guildsman begin to swarm out of a hatch open . 4 . through 6 . ( deleted ) 7 . int . throne room - emperor' palace - night the emperor be surround by crowd of courtier in he throne room . suddenly a guard enter from a small door and quickly cross to another guard . a warning SOUND begin . the Emperor turn nervously . Guards quickly begin to clear the large room . several woman be rush toward we to a door beyond . one of the woman , irulan , stop and turn back for a worried , caring look to she father , the Emperor . irulan Father . -- emperor irulan . she see that sardaukar officer be surround he now , speak to he . irulan turn and leave . the Emperor move away from he officer to the center of the now -empty room . he drop he golden robe from he shoulder . he stand in he elegant black uniform , think . the reverend mother be ushere in and the sardaukar officer leave she alone with the Emperor . emperor ( quickly ) a third stage Guild Navigator will be here within minute ! reverend mother we feel he presence . emperor I shall want telepathy during he visit and a report when we be finish . reverend mother they mind be so .... they move in strange direction .... emperor yes ? reverend mother forced spice evolution of human change many thing .... I must sit close to he . emperor he will not permit anyone but I to see he . you must be outside this room .... do what you can . reverend mother I be you truthsayer , my lord ... ( sense something outside the room ) he be here , my lord . under the carve inscription " Law be the ultimate Science " , the door to the Emperor 's chamber slide open and fifty guildsman wheel in a forty - foot long giant black box . one of the guildsman address the Emperor through a translate device . tanked guildsman # 1 the bene gesserit witch must leave . -- the Emperor look to the reverend mother . emperor leave we . reverend mother yes , my Lord . emperor ( after she have go ) we be alone ... 8 . int . hallway - emperor' palace - night the reverend mother enter through door and take a seat on a chair just outside the door . she close she eye . 9 . int . throne room - emperor' palace - night Inside the Emperor 's chamber , the tank - suite guildsman be arrange themselves in a " V " formation around the box . suddenly the box open , slowly and beautifully revealing a huge , thick glass tank . Inside the tank float a third stage navigator twenty foot long , much like a cross between a pasty , pale human be and a fleshy grasshopper . the tank be fill with swirl orange spice -gas , and guildsman continuously vacuum up the toxic chemical spill drip from under the tank . suddenly the Guild Navigator swim towards the Emperor . his head be enormous and fleshy , like a huge grasshopper head -- the eye be totally deep blue . his voice be a high , fleshy whisper and a intricate electrical apparatus in the front of the tank translate into English and broadcast it into the room . navigator we have just fold space from ix ... emperor ( extremely nervous ) yes ?... how be you journey ? navigator ( after a long pause ) many machine on ix ... new machine . emperor oh yes ? -- navigator better than that on richesse .. you be transparent ... I see many thing ... I see plan within plan . emperor be there a problem ?... usually there be a problem when one of you make a visit . no answer . navigator ( finally ) the answer be within the problem ... 10 . int . hallway - emperor' palace - night outside the Emperor 's chamber the reverend mother sit , she eye close , strain . 11 . int . throne room - emperor' palace - reverend mother' mental image - night a very blurred scene of the Emperor with the Guild Navigator . she be not get the English version but a much different language version which be fascinating to listen to . a lilt , sing -song monologue . 12 . int . throne room - emperor' palace - night navigator I see two great house -- House atreide , House harkonnen -- feud ... I see you behind it . emperor yes . the Navigator breathes the spice - gas heavily and swishes gently in he tank . navigator you must share with we . -- emperor the atreide house be building a secret army !... use a technique unknown to we ... a technique involve sound . the Duke be become more popular in the landsraad ... he could threaten I .... I have order House atreide to occupy arrakis to mine the spice ... thus replace they enemy the harkonnen .... House atreide will not refuse because of the tremendous power they think they will gain . then , at a appoint time Baron harkonnen will return to arrakis and launch a sneak attack on House atreide ... I have promise the Baron five legion of my sardaukar terror troops . navigator so the harkonnen will rid you of House atreide ... emperor yes . 13 . int . hallway - emperor' palace - night outside , the reverend mother be see the scene mentally . she suddenly see and flinch . 14 . int . throne room - emperor' palace - reverend mother' mental image - night the Guild Navigator turn toward she and come very close to she . we hear the Navigator speak to she . navigator ( to reverend mother , mentally ) reverend mother ... I will give you the tleilaxu path . reverend mother ( v.o. ) ( a excited whisper ) a chance for escape ? but for whom ? 15 . int . throne room - emperor' palace - night emperor can you hear I ?... if this visit have anything to do with spice ... -- the Guild Navigator shudder and swishes quite violently in he tank . navigator listen to I !! the spice must flow ... the spice have give I accelerate evolution for four thousand year ... it have enable you to live two hundred year ... the spice help make the sapho juice , which give the red-lip mentat the ability to be live computer ... the secret side of spice ... the water of life . 16 . int . hallway - emperor' palace - night reverend mother ( v.o. ) he should not speak of this ... 15 . back to scene navigator ... give the bene gesserit sisterhood the metaphysical ability to see beyond ... to have superior power ... we power to fold space be in the spice ... without we , you empire would be lose on isolate scattered planet ... you would be lose . emperor I can assure you ... navigator do not interrupt !!! do not speak lightly of the spice ... one SMALL point ... 16 . back to scene reverend mother ( v.o. ) here it come ... 17 . int . throne room - emperor' palace - night navigator we ourselves ... foresee a slight problem within House atreide .... Paul .... Paul atreide . emperor you mean , of course , Duke leto atreide ... he father . -- page miss -- 24 . ext . castle caladan - night High on the rock cliff stand Castle caladan , its appearance we dark and medieval . there be a window on the seaward wall light from within ... 25 . int . training room - castle caladan - night ...by a drift glowglobe . Paul sit at a l-shape table study filmbook and map of arrakis and the Universe . 25a . insert - filmbook we see vast star field and galaxy . 25 . back to scene paul ( whisper ) here we be now ... nineteen light year beyond ... 25a . insert - filmbook we see the galaxy move as we hear a hum . paul ( v.o. ) ( whisper ) ... beyond epsilon alangue ... be arrakis . we hold on this , then we see arrakis grow larger in the filmbook screen and we see it be a planet of vast desert . 25 . back to scene paul ( whisper again ) it do look dry .... 25a . insert - filmbook the picture grow larger again , and we see the arrakeen Valley . -- filmbook ( v.o. ) each day the palm along the outer wall of the Palace at arrakeen consume enough water to sustain the life of one hundred man . the palm be place by the harkonnen to flaunt they water wealth in front of the city fremen . 25 . back to scene paul where be the harkonnen from here ? 25a . insert - filmbook the star field and galaxy move slightly then . paul ( v.o. ) ( whisper ) there !... geidi Prime and the Baron harkonnen ... the enemy . 25 . back to scene in the background , footstep grow louder , pound on thick wooden floor . thufir hawat , gurney halleck and dr . yueh enter . Paul have he back to the door . thufir suddenly look perturb when he notice this . paul ( without turn ) I know , thufir , I be sit with my back to the door . hawat suppress a smile . paul ( cont 'd ) I hear you , Dr. yueh and gurney come down the hall . thufir that sound could be imitate . paul I would know the difference . Paul rise and turn to face they . -- thufir ( inner voice ) yes . perhaps he would at that . paul my father send you to test I . Music then ? thufir scowl . gurney no music . I be pack this for the crossing . Shield practice . paul Shield practice ? gurney ... we have practice -- this morning ..... I be not in the mood . gurney ( angere ) not in the mood ?! mood 's a thing for cattle and love play ... not fight . paul I be sorry gurney . gurney not sorry enough . gurney draw he knife . 25b . shield effect - the fight gurney activate he body shield , send a shimmer force field around he body . he advance swiftly toward Paul . Paul snap on he force field , draw he knife and jump back , collect himself hurriedly for the fight . gurney ( he voice sounding strange through the forcefield ) Guard yourself for true ! gurney leap high , then forward , press a furious attack . Paul fall back . the shield edge crack loudly as they touch each other . paul ( inner voice ) what 's get into gurney ? he 's not fake . Paul press forward and the fight move quickly around the room . the smell of ozone grow stronger as the shield hit and spark off one another . Paul direct a parry downward , turn , and lead gurney against the table , plunging at just the right moment to pin gurney against the table top with he blade right at gurney 's neck . paul ( strange shield voice ) be this what you seek ? gurney ( strange shield voice ) good ... the slow blade penetrate the shield ... but look down . Paul look and see gurney 's blade at he groin . gurney ( cont 'd ) we would have join each other in death . however , you do seem to finally get the " mood " . paul would you really have draw my blood ? gurney if you would fight one whit below you ability I would have scratch you a good one . Paul stand and snap off he shield as do gurney . 25 . back to scene paul thing have be so serious here lately . gurney yes . I sense the play in you lad , but this can no longer be play . tomorrow we leave for arrakis ! arrakis be real . the harkonnen be real . thufir , yueh , gurney and Paul stare at each other for a moment in silence . Dr. yueh move forward and begin to take Paul 's pulse rate and to collect other data with a small black machine . paul Dr. yueh , do you have any information on the worm of arrakis ? -- dr . yueh I have obtain a filmbook on a small specimen ... only 125 meter long . paul only ?! they smile at each other . dr . yueh there be have be document sighting of worm as large as 450 meter in the deep desert -- far from where we will be in arakeen .... the desert belt and the south polar region be mark forbidden .... why ? paul the storm and the worm . be it true , that the sand can blow at seven hundred kilometer per hour ? yueh it can render flesh to dust in minute . and this dry wind can generate tremendous static electricity in the atmosphere . we body shield will not have enough power to operate in the open air on arrakis . paul well , how do the fremen survive there ? yueh we do not know much about the fremen ... they live in the deep desert ... some of they in the city and they have blue - within-blue eye ... paul ( smile ) the eye -- yes , yes ... saturation of the blood by the spice -- melange . could the spice affect we in other way ? thufir many danger exist on arrakis . for one , we know the harkonnen would not have give up they choam company contract so easily . paul ( rise ) the harkonnen be we enemy , yes ... but behind they , I suspect , be the Emperor . -- thufir you will make a formidable Duke ! Paul bow . thufir ( cont 'd ) now remember ... the first step in avoid a trap be know of its existence . paul I know . but if it be a trap then why be we go ? thufir we have we new army . ( in the same breath ) Dr. yueh , put the weird module on he . thufir , notice a squad of guard at the other end of the training room , call out to they . thufir ( cont 'd ) clear and lock the room . gurney activate a series of lock . light glow above each doorway . thufir ( cont 'd ) activate a fighter . 25c . robot fight suddenly a fighter robot lower from the ceiling . as the robot begin to rotate and go through several frightening , complicated movement , Dr. yueh place a plastic device around Paul 's neck . he tighten it around the Adam 's apple above Paul 's voice box . Paul turn and emit a very strange , powerful sound through the weird module as he rush towards the robot . gurney ( to yueh ) precise control .... 26 . int . hallway - castle caladan - night the hallway be empty in the foreground but in the distance a change of the guard be see . -- 26a. through 26b . ( deleted ) 27 . int . hallway - castle caladan - night Paul walk down the stairway . in the distance , move troops be pack atreide belonging . Beyond , Paul see some troops carry a large bull 's head . the horn be cover with dry blood . paul the bull that kill my grandfather ... be this a evil omen ? suddenly , duncan idaho appear from behind the giant black head . paul ( happily ) Duncan ! duncan paul. ( they shake hand ) I be on my way to say goodbye to you . I have to go on ahead . paul why ? I wish you be come with we . duncan it 's something for you father . he want to talk to you . ( place hand on Paul 's chest ) I will see you in arrakis . May the hand of God be with you . paul May the hand of God be with we all , Duncan . 28 . ext . cliff wall - castle caladan - night Paul walk to meet he father near the wall . paul ( diffident ) Father . duke leto thank you for join I , paul. ( voice tired ) it will be good to get to we new home and have all this upset behind we . -- 28a . ( deleted ) 28b . duke leto and paul against sea they look out over the sea . a huge wave crash below . the Duke turn to Paul . duke leto ( cont 'd ) ( inner voice ) my son . ( out loud ) thufir hawat have serve House atreide three generation .... he swear you be the finest student he 's ever teach . yueh , gurney and Duncan say the same .... it make I feel very proud ... paul I want you to be proud of I . Paul smile up at he father . the wind blow the Duke 's hair and behind he stand the castle and the green and black atreide banner against the night sky beyond . the rain start again -- lightly . Paul take a closer look at the atreide banner move in the wind . duke leto ( study the dark sea below ) I will miss the sea ... but a person need new experience ... they jar something deep inside , allow he to grow . without change , something sleep inside we ... and seldom awaken ... the sleeper must awaken . Paul 's attention go to he father 's hand where he see the Duke 's signet ring . again he smile at he father . fade to : 29 . through 29a . ( deleted ) 30 . int . paul be room - castle caladan - night Paul be sweat during he sleep and whisper as if struggle with some disturbing think . -- paul arrakis ... dune ... Desert Planet ... arrakis ... Desert Planet ... move ... move . 31 . dark water - mental image we see Paul 's dream . it be very dark . paul ( v.o. ) arrakis ... dune ... Desert Planet . suddenly a drop fall into the black , and white hot widen ring appear on the dark water 's surface . darkness again . two moon rise in the darkness . as the second appear : voice the second moon , you moon ... 31a . int . reservoir - sietch tabr - night Dark again . a figure turn toward Paul . it be a beautiful girl in deep shadow . she speak . beautiful girl tell I of you homeworld , usul . 32 . int . paul be room - castle caladan - night cu Paul 's face in fitful sleep . 33 . ext . courtyard - castle caladan - night in a small stone courtyard , the back - light figure of a woman move towards we through the heavy rain and darkness . as she near we , the large , protective glowglobe overtake she and in a instant we see a beautiful woman -- jessica . jessica ( inner voice ) I know she have come to test he ... no man have ever be test with the box ... only bene gesserit woman . I may lose my son . the door open , she meet the reverend mother gaius helen mohiam ( the Emperor 's truthsayer ) and take she back toward the Castle . the rain rush loudly into the storm drain . -- 34 . int . paul be room - castle caladan - night paul ( whisper again ) arrakis ... dune ... Desert planet ... move ... move . cu Paul 's face . Paul 's eye snap open . he hear footstep outside he door . as the door open he close he eye , however , and he pretend to be asleep . jessica and the reverend mother enter and stand in the doorway look at he . reverend mother we will salvage what we can ... but I can tell you .. dear God ... for the father ... nothing . jessica turn to the reverend mother , stunne ! she turn back to look at Paul . her hand tremble . reverend mother ( cont 'd ) do you really think that you could bear the kwisatz haderach ?... how dare you ! reverend mother my great student ... and my great disappointment .... he 's awake !... he 's listen to us. ( consider ) good ... ready yourself , young Paul atreide ... I want to see you in you mother 's chamber in one quarter of a hour . she turn and walk away . jessica remain at the door and call out to Paul in the darkness . jessica Paul ?... this be very important ... jessica leave , close the door behind she . Paul sit up in bed . paul kwisatz haderach ?... for the father ... nothing ? 35 . int . jessica's chamber - castle caladan - night jessica and the reverend mother enter . it be quite dark . jessica whisper a code number and a glowglobe light on a very dim set . -- reverend mother ( angrily ) jessica ... you be tell to bear only daughter to the atreide ... jessica ! jessica it mean so much to he ... reverend mother you think only of a Duke 's desire for a son ?... desire do not figure in this ! a atreide daughter could have be wed to a harkonnen heir and seal the breach . we may lose both blood line now . jessica I vow never to regret my decision . I will pay for my own mistake . reverend mother and you son will pay with you . 42 . int . duke leto' quarter - castle caladan - night under a dim glowglobe , the duke be write a note on a scroll - like piece of paper . finish read , the Duke seal the message in a cylinder and press he signet ring , with a red hawk symbol of House of atreide , into a hole , which seal the cylinder with a swift hissing . he pause , study the metal tube . with a voice command , he extinguish the glowglobe above he . he lean back in he chair as lightning flash outside the window . fade to : 35 . back to scene Paul enter the room and jessica close the door behind they . jessica Paul , this be the reverend mother gaius helen mohiam . she be go to ... observe you ... ( to reverend mother ) please ... -- reverend mother jessica , you know it must be do . I enjoin you to stand guard at the door and practice the meditation of peace . jessica you reverence . paul ( inner voice ) what do she fear ? ( out loud ) what about my Father ? jessica Paul ... please , Paul ... listen to the reverend mother and do what she tell you . jessica leave the room . the reverend mother speak to Paul use the Voice , a bene gesserit training which permit a adept to control other merely by select tone shading of the voice . it sound as if two people be talk -- one normal and the other gutteral and slightly electronic . the effect be strange , yet subtle . reverend mother ( use the Voice ) now you come here . Paul find he cannot help but obey she , yet he fight she control he . paul ( inner voice ) she 's use the Voice . ( out loud ) no . she see he struggle . reverend mother ( inner voice ) some strength there . surprise ! ( out loud ) come here . the reverend mother hold up a green metal cube . reverend mother ( cont 'd ) see this ... put you right hand in the box . Paul stare at the hole in the box . -- paul what 's in the box ? reverend mother pain . just then , she raise one hand to he neck . Paul see a glint of metal . he try to back away . reverend mother ( cont 'd ) ( the Voice ) stop ! put you hand in the box . Paul 's hand go in . fear pass over he face . paul ( inner voice ) the Voice again . reverend mother I hold at you neck the gom jabbar . do not pull away or you will feel that poison . a Duke 's son must know about many poison -- this one kill only animal . paul be you suggest a Duke 's son be a animal ? reverend mother let we say I suggest you may be human . you awareness may be powerful enough to control you instinct . you instinct will be to remove you hand from the box . if you do so you will die . you will feel a itching -- there ... see ? now the itching become burn ... heat , upon heat , upon heat . paul ( whisper ) it burn . reverend mother silence ... silence . paul ( inner voice ) ( struggle to compose himself ) I must not fear . fear be the mind-killer . fear be the little death that bring total obliteration . I will face my fear ... I will permit it to pass over I and through I . -- the reverend mother move she face up to he . her ancient face with its metal tooth gleam inch away breathes hotly . she be smile . reverend mother you feel the flesh crisp ? 36 . the hand - paul' mental image Paul 's inner mind see he hand on fire with all sort of sore . the skin be bubbling . 37 . int . jessica's chamber - castle caladan - night reverend mother flesh drop off . 38 . the hand - paul' mental image he picture this . the destruction of he hand be complete -- now only blood spurt out and burn . 39 . int . jessica's chamber - castle caladan - night Paul 's face register extreme pain . paul ( can not help the explosion ) the pain ! reverend mother no !! enough !! kull wahad ! no woman child ever withstood that much . I must have want you to fail . take you hand out of the box and look at it , young human .... do it ! Paul pull he hand out of the box . no sign of anything wrong . he turn he hand , flexe he finger . he look to the reverend mother . reverend mother ( cont 'd ) ( explain ) pain by nerve induction ... a human can resist any pain . we test be crisis and observation . paul I see the truth of it . -- reverend mother ( inner voice ) could he be the one ?... maybe ... but will he be ours to control ? ( out loud ) you know when people speak the truth ? paul I know it . suddenly the reverend mother hold she hand against Paul 's head . she close she eye . 40 . int . reservoir - sietch tabr - night - reverend mother' mental image she see a blurred image of Paul 's earlier dream . she see the beautiful girl turn . she hear a muffle voice say " tell I of you homeworld , usul " . 41 . int . jessica's chamber - castle caladan - night reverend mother you mother want you to tell I about you dream . I only want to know one thing .... do they come true ? paul not all of they ... I know which one will . reverend mother perhaps you be the kwisatz haderach . paul what be it ? reverend mother ( profoundly ) the person who can be many place at once ... the one who bridge space and time .... he will look where we cannot . paul where ? reverend mother do you know of the Water of life ?... the truthsayer drug ? paul I have hear of it . -- reverend mother it be very dangerous ... very painful . the bene gesserit sisterhood drink it to see within .... there be a place terrifying to we ... to woman . it be say a man will come ... the kwisatz haderach ... he will go where we cannot ... many man have try ... paul do they try and fail ? reverend mother they try and die .... ( she call out loudly ) jessica ! jessica enter immediately and see with great relief that Paul be still active . reverend mother I sense you teaching in he . ignore the regular order of training . his safety require the Voice . paul I have hear enough of my safety ... what about my father ?... I hear you talk . you speak as if he be dead . well , he be not ! jessica Paul ! she try to hold he . paul well he be not ... and he will not die ... tell I he will not die ! reverend mother what can be do have be do . paul mother ! tell I ! the reverend mother cover herself and move quickly to the door . -- 42a . through 45 . ( deleted ) 46 . ext . geidi prime - day home planet of house harkonnen - as see from space , the black planet as we see it in Paul 's filmbook . 47 . ext . geidi prime - day the surface of the planet be a vast sea of black oil . a small cable car traverse high above the sea toward a gigantic black city in the shape of a rectangular box over 100 storey high . before the city there be row of huge black tower steel head atop massive furnace . smoke billow out of they mouth . 48 . int . cable car - giedi prime - day Inside the cable car stand piter . in one hand he hold the cylinder with duke leto 's ring imprint . piter it be by will alone I set my mind in motion . it be by the juice of sapho that thought acquire speed - the lip acquire stain - the stain become a warning - it be by will alone I set my mind in motion . 48a . int . GREEN porcelain room - geidi prime somewhere in the interior of geidi Prime , we be in a green porcelain room . two large harkonnen soldier , use large hose , be wash down the wall and floor of the room . we move down into the water rush along the floor towards trough . closer , we see bit of flesh , hair , and blood . 49 . ext . geidi prime - day the car zoom past gigantic face , and the furnace far below roar with tremendous power . the city now loom gigantic and overpower -- million of electrical cable stretch off the top into dark energy tap above the city . -- 50 . int . geidi prime - day Inside the city the cable car pass into a huge inner chamber fill with open-topped lime green porcelain room with tremendous electrical line criss-crossing above . 51 . ( deleted ) 52 . int . baron be room - geidi prime - day in front of a huge steam boiler , the cable car stop and piter get out , step down steel stair and enter a porcelain room where the Baron be be treat by a doctor for sore on he face and body . the doctor use a lasbeam on a big sore on the Baron 's lip . the Baron be sickly and hugely fat and sweaty and look like he have be sickly for some time . he turn to piter as he enter the room . piter my Lord ! baron piter . piter move up to the Baron . piter the atreide will be leave caladan soon , Baron , and I have here you answer from Duke leto . baron what do leto say , piter ? piter he wish to inform you that vendetta -- as he put it , use the ancient tongue , the art of kanly -- be still alive . he do not wish to meet or speak with you . baron ( swallow ; angry ) I make my peace gesture ... the form of kanly have be obey . he throw down the cylinder . piter as you instruct I , I have enlighten you nephew concern my plan t... -- baron my plan ! piter the plan to crush the atreide . feyd , rabban ... go quietly ... no other great house of the landsraad must ever know of the Emperor 's aid to the Baron . the entire landsraad would turn against the Baron and the Emperor . doctor put the pick in there Pete and turn it round real neat . his assistant do so . rabban break open a squood ( live food ) . the squood make a tiny scream , then rabban drink the blood and bodily fluid . he throw the empty container of tiny animal meat into the dark water trough run through the center of the room . across the room , two harkonnen soldier enter , hold big gun on a boy who be wear white pants . the Baron smile when he see the boy , who be deeply afraid . the guard force the boy to arrange violet flower on a stand by the far wall opposite the Baron . baron ( as the Baron watch the boy ) you be so beautiful my Baron you skin , love to I you disease lovingly care for for all eternity . baron I will have arrakis back for myself ... he who control the spice , control the universe ... and what piter do not tell you be we have control of someone who be very close to Duke leto . this person ... this traitor ... will be worth more to we than ten legion of sardaukar . feyd who be the traitor ? baron ( laugh ) I will not tell you who the traitor be or when we will attack . however , the Duke will die before this eye and he will know that it be I -- Baron Vladimir harkonnen -- who encompass he doom . -- the Baron give a hand signal and seven gate in the wall open , emit tremendous sound . suddenly the Baron begin to float straight up , twenty - five foot in the air . it be a frightening sight . he float down under the giant , hum electrical tube light and rub he head and body with a black fluid which drip from tiny hole in either side of the pink glow . feyd and rabban watch nervously . the attendant stand completely still with fear . the Baron swoops down to the Boy , who stand petrify . the harkonnen guard smile nervously as they step slightly backwards . the boy begin scream as the Baron pull the boy 's heart plug , locate in he chest . the violet flower be bump and disarray by the violence which ensue . then the Baron turn smile to feyd as the sound continue to roar . 52a . through 52b . ( deleted ) 52c . ext . atreide ship - caladan - day a drum corp pound out a powerful cadence in front of a water and cannon show as the Duke , Paul and jessica mount the steel stair to they ship . in the doorway , they turn back for a final look . the Duke place a hand on Paul 's shoulder . we see the signet ring . jessica be there . she try to get Paul to look at she but he scowl and turn to he father . jessica ( turn away ) ( inner voice ) I must not fear . fear be the mind - killer ... the little death that bring total obliteration ... the door of the spaceship close . 53 . ext . heighliner - space 3,415 atreide ship be approach the Guild heighliner , which be staggeringly colossal . the atreide ship look like dot next to the sun . the Duke 's ship enter the frame and move toward the heighliner . 53a . through 54 . ( deleted ) -- 55 . int . atreide ship - space Paul , jessica and Duke leto look out the forward view glass as tiny light move outside in the darkness . they hear and feel they ship stop with a huge , echoing , metallic jolt . they look at each other in the silence which follow . duke leto soon they will begin to fold space . paul ( inner voice ) Far off in the control room .... travel without move . they wait . 56 . ( deleted ) 57 . int . control room - heighliner - space we pass through electrical shield into a 2,000 - foot high control room fill with orange spice gas . on the floor be large grating cover a exhaust and filter system . ton of spice gas be be convert into the cloud of gas along a wall of machinery . from within a dark metal tunnel come a Guild Navigator . he exit the tunnel and swim through the gas 1,000 foot to a six - dimensional layer miniature replica of the entire Universe . the Navigator emit a long piece of light from he mouth which travel to one edge of the Universe and change into a likeness of the planet caladan . the Navigator turn and emit another piece of light which travel to the opposite side of the Universe . it change into a likeness of arrakis . the Navigator begin to put he slender finger in amongst the star and he emit sound and burst of light into the mass of star and galaxy . the Universe begin to vibrate and elongate , then to curve . Electrical lighten traverse from caladan to arrakis as the Universe bend into a U -shape . arrakis submerges deep into the light . the navigator swim to the point where arrakis disappear . he begin to pull and tear a hole in the Universe . star like spark and sound and ring of light appear , along with a roaring wind . the Navigator swim deep into this hole through the ring of light . the Navigator become more and more transparent , until he 's lose in darkness . the sound fade . -- 58. through 60 . ( deleted ) 60a . ext . heighliner - above arrakis - space suddenly , the real planet arrakis appear and the giant heighliner materialize above it . 61 . through 63a . ( deleted ) 63b . ext . arrakeen - day through a brownish - orange haze appear the dusty valley of arrakeen . 64 . int . / ext . the atreide ship - day arrakeen the atreide ship have land at arrakeen . the door be open - the family walk down the step - duke leto with he dog - paul and jessica . 64a . through 64c . ( deleted ) 65 . ext . ground - arrakeen palace - day ... cluster of troops stand at attention around the enormous dark , cool doorway as the Duke , Paul and jessica enter the Palace . 65a . through 65b . ( deleted ) 65c . ext . palace - arrakeen - day the atreide banner be raise on the top of the Palace . 66 . ( deleted ) -- 67 . int . military sub - basement room - arrakeen palace - day atreide army soldier milling , yelling noisily . 68 . int . passageway - arrakeen palace - day . in a darken passageway , fan turn , casting deep , slow - move shadow . sound echo in the distance . 69 . int . communications room - arrakeen palace - day a room of technician and electronic gear . the signal be be hear and interprete . atreide technician harkonnen . 70 . ext . black rock - arrakeen - day Far in the distance in deep black rock , harkonnen spy move , carry strange electronic equipment . 71 . ( deleted ) 72 . int . passageway - arrakeen palace - day thufir march down a hallway with a squad of troops with electronic gadgetry , light and sound go constantly . thufir ( into a radio microphone ) why be not the shield up yet ? 73 . int . generator room - arrakeen palace - day down in the basement , atreide engineer be remove a complicated device from heavy machinery . a man radio back to thufir . atreide radio man we find and remove another sabotage device . I think it will go up now . -- the engineer activate a series of atometric holtzman generator . suddenly sound begin . the machine start ; at first low , then they whine upwards to a high pitch . when the pitch be steady , a series of lever be pull . 74 . ext . palace - arrakeen - day just after the second set of lever be pull , a huge house shield be see go up in a box shape , encompass the Palace with shimmering protection . 75 . ext . window - arrakeen palace - day from a small window , thufir observe the shield with a critical eye . thufir ( inner voice ; worried ) we find this sabotage device too easily ... 76 . int . great hall - arrakeen palace - day two giant glowglobe drift into the great Hall where jessica and Dr. yueh stand watch a giant bull 's head be be hang above the massive fireplace . the moving troops be unpack crate and organize furnishings . jessica watch they . distant sound reverberate inside a elaborate air vent beside they . dr . yueh listen here .... you can here the people of arrakeen outside .... can you here the cry " soo soo sook " of the water seller ? jessica so many reminder of the scarcity of water . dr . yueh have you notice the line of palm along the wall ... the harkonnen put they in ... to flaunt they water wealth in front of this people .... each day that palm take enough water to sustain the life of one hundred man . jessica the way you say harkonnen ... I do not know you have so much reason to hate they . dr . yueh ( swiftly ) my wife ... you do not know my wife ... they ... -- jessica ( out loud ) forgive I ... ( inner voice ) ... his wife be bene gesserit too ... the sign be al over he .... they must have kill here . jessica see a droplet of sweat break out on yueh 's cheek . dr . yueh I be sorry I be unable to talk about it . above they a series of iron curtain begin to open over deep rock window slot , send narrow shaft of light down across the room . two atreide women in uniform approach . atreide woman # 1 ( refer to several robe figure stand in the room ) my lady ... the local people ... the maid and servant await you inspection . hawat have clear they . Dr. yueh turn to jessica . dr . yueh the harkonnen may have tampere medically .... please wait . he turn a yellow light on a move it over the crowd . the yellow light beam play over the blue - within-blue eye . one of the woman , the shadout mape , watch jessica continuously . yueh 's hand shake slightly . jessica ( inner voice ; notice yueh 's hand ) he 's hide something -- hold something back . ( she study he face closely . ) it 's not just he wife ... he 's a good man though . he 's probably try to save my feeling ... ( we see she mouth . ) I could use the Voice ... make he tell I ... it would only shame he . ( we see she eye . ) I must place more trust in my friend . ( we see yueh turn toward she , fearful . ) -- 77 . int . passageway - arrakeen palace - day Paul wander through the darken passageway alone , he footstep echoing as go . he take pleasure observe the detail of the rock Palace but all the while he feel a uneasiness -- a feel of fear build in he . 78 . int . paul be bedroom - arrakeen palace - day Paul enter a small bedroom and sit down on the bed . he open the filmbook , and activate it . 78a . insert - filmbook we see a gigantic carryall lower down above a spice harvester and pick it up off the desert floor as a narrator speak over . narrator ( v.o. ) one carryall handle four spice mining team ; however , it will fly only two harvester at a time . today , we have nine hundred and thirty harvester and nine hundred and eighty - one carryall .... 78 . back to scene Paul look up . across the room he see a tray of small pastry which have be laid out . he go to they and scan they with he poison detector , which he carry on he belt . a pleasant tone sound and the word " safe " appear in green light . Paul take a pastry bite it and turn back towards the bed . suddenly he stop . he look at the pastry . paul ( inner voice ) spice ... as he continue eat he notice the sunlight through the slate over the window begin to glow white hot . Paul 's eye be intense as the light glow brilliantly . paul ( cont 'd ) ( whisper inner voice ) terrible purpose .... what be it ? 78b . insert - red droplet some red droplet appear rush through the white light . Three image follow : mental image : 79 . int . control room - emperor' palace - day a blurred Guild Navigator . -- page miss -- shadout mape I be the shadout mape ... the housekeeper . paul a fremen ... could she be the operator ? no ... shadout mape I must cleanse the way between we .... you save my life ... and we fremen pay we debt . it 's know to we that you have a traitor in you midst . who it be we cannot say but we be certain of it . paul ( inner voice ) a traitor ... before he can speak the shadout mape be go -- run off down the passageway . jessica enter . paul ( cont 'd ) ( look to jessica ) there be a traitor among we . 80a . ( deleted ) 81 . int . passageway - arrakeen palace - day running troops storm down the hallway with electronic gear and big stun gun . -- 82 . int . passageway - arrakeen palace - day thufir walk quickly toward several troops . thufir set up a sonar probe immediately ! 83 . int . autopsy room - arrakeen palace - day Dr. yueh stick he head out the doorway as several troopers run past . 84 . int . observation room - arrakeen palace - day Duke leto be call on a radio phone . general surround he , as well as gurney . duke leto ( on phone ) thufir ?... anything ?... keep look . ( Inner voice ) ... and a traitor ... God help we . 85 . int . sub -sub-sub -basement - arrakeen palace - day troops come off a elevator . the glow - span indicate the very bottom floor of 18 sub-floor . the ground be uneven rock and the ceiling be low . the troops fan out shine chemical lamp here and there . a soldier suddenly stop . ahead in he light be a dead harkonnen -- bloody vomit dry around he mouth . he lie beside a electronic device . 86 . int . autopsy room - arrakeen palace - day Dr. yueh cover he face with he hand in a darken room ... sobbing . 86a . ext . wall - arrakeen palace - night searchlight sweep over the face of City fremen who be sit or move solemnly around the outer wall of the Palace . some be chant " mahdi " and " lisan al - gaib . " other hold up one open hand as a sign they feel the messiah be near . a slow - move spike - back dog suck ant up out of a small anthill ; he snort . 86b . int . great hall - arrakeen palace - night in the darken Hall we can hear the distant sound of the fremen reverberate . -- 87 . int . observation room - arrakeen palace - day Duke leto sit with Paul , thufir , EIGHT general and six sub - lieutenant . the Duke 's small dog wander under the table and rest he head on the Duke 's boot . in front of thufir be a device flashing brilliant light burst over he face . the other be all talk among themselves . suddenly thufir 's face turn brilliant red ( as red as he sapho-stain lip ) and he begin speak rapidly into the machine in code use a strain high voice . -- thufir ( mentat voice ) sector 6 - 80 -- copy the sixth -- the summit -- the eight the quadrant over the ninth plus eighty -- four circle -- weave the eighty and call the fourth copy -- enter nine -- seven by seven a seven the seven call seven B seven -- enter the circle call the sixth copy the sixth over the summit .... eight . the machine flash several bright irregular signal . then it stop and hum . the blood leave thufir 's face . thufir ( cont 'd ) ( very fast and casually ) eight .... thufir hawat ... mentat ... master of assassin . the hum stop . thufir turn to Duke leto . he look up . everyone be quiet now . thufir ( cont 'd ) the Palace be now secure . the city of arrakeen be under martial law ... we have troops here headquartered underground on sub-floor six through ten . the rest of the troops be station in arrakeen and we have some on the airfield . we new army be still training , but everything be shield .... with the shield , we be impenetrable . Dr. kyne be wait , sire , for you inspection of spice mining operation , but since the attempt of the young master , I be against you leave the Palace . duke leto ( very angry ) the attempt fail ... harkonnen captive have already be take . we must crush the harkonnen machine on arrakis .... you all know what to do . ( turn towards gurney ) ... gurney ! we desperately need more spice miner ... many be threaten to leave on the next shuttle . we need spice driver , weather scanner , dune man ... any with open sand experience . you must persuade they to enlist with we . -- gurney they shall come all for violence : they face shall sup as the east wind . and they shall gather the captivity of the sand . duke leto ( squint at gurney ) very move , gurney . on you way ... and take care of Dr. kyne until Paul and I arrive . we will not be prisoner here in this place . gurney ( artfully ease the Duke 's anger ) behold as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work . gurney stride off . thufir sit , contemplate . Paul and Duke leto smile at each other and shake they head . 88 . int . jessica's chamber - arrakeen palace - day jessica be sit in a small room , smile , read a note . it read " I miss you . leto . " she set the note down . she begin to tremble . she become fearful . in she mind she sees quick image : mental image 89 . int . control room - heighliner a blurred Guild Navigator . 89a . int . maker room - seitch tabr - night Paul dead on a stone floor . 89b . ext . arrakeen palace - night Fire burn . 90 . int . jessica's chamber - arrakeen palace - day jessica continue to tremble . jessica ( inner voice ) I must speak with you leto ! -- 91 . int . passageway - arrakeen palace - day outside in the passageway , foot suddenly move quietly toward the door to jessica 's room . 92 . int . jessica's chamber - arrakeen palace - day jessica hear this and look up just as the shadout mape silently enter she room . jessica ( stare at the blue - eye woman -- wait for possible danger . ) yes ? shadout mape I be the shadout mape , you housekeeper , Noble bear . what be you order . jessica you may refer to I as " my lady . " I be not noble bear . I be the bound concubine of Duke leto -- mother of the heir designate .... " shadout " ... that 's a ancient word . mape ( strangely ask ) you know the ancient tongue ? jessica I know the bhotani jib and chakobsa , all the hunt language . mape as the legend say . jessica ( inner voice ) that 's it ! the missionaria protectiva have be here plant protective legend against a day of bene gesserit need . and that day have come . I must play out this sham . ( out loud ) I know the Dark thing and the way of the great mother . misece prejin . mape take a step backward to flee . jessica ( cont 'd ) I know many thing . I know you come prepare for violence with a weapon in you bodice . -- mape my lady , I ... the weapon be send as a gift if you should prove to be the one . jessica and the mean of my death should I prove otherwise . ( inner voice ) now we will see which way the decision tip . slowly mape reach into she dress and bring out a sheathed knife . she unleash it . mape do you know this my lady ? jessica ( inner voice ) it could only be one thing .... ( out loud ) it 's a crysknife . mape say it not lightly ... ( very slowly ) do you know its meaning ? jessica ( inner voice ) here be why this fremen have take service with I , to ask that one question . delay be as dangerous as the wrong answer . shadout be chakobsa ... knife , in chakobsa be ... maker of death . ( out loud ) it 's a maker ... mape scream with elation and grief . jessica ( cont 'd ) ( inner voice ) Maker ?... Maker be the key word ... the tooth of the worm ? that be close ... ( out loud ) do you think that I , know the mystery of the great mother , would not know the maker ? mape my lady , when one have live with prophecy for so long , the moment of revelation be a shock . mape sheathes the blade ... slowly -- jessica ( inner voice ) there 's more here ... yes ! ( out loud ) mape , you have sheathed that blade unblood . with a gasp mape drop the knife into jessica 's hand and open she blouse . mape take the water of my life ! jessica withdraw the knife from the sheath and , with the blade , scratch a line just above mape ' right breast . mape ( cont 'd ) you be ours .... you be the one . jessica 's eye stare ahead . she know this word ring with truth . 93 . int . tunnel - observation room - arrakeen palace - day the Duke , Paul and several armed guard enter a tunnel to a `thopter landing pad which be illuminate by a shaft of light come from a chimney - like exit above . dr . kyne and he fremen guard be stand next to gurney . kyne ( to gurney ) so , this be leto the just ... gurney ( sharply ) I hope I make myself clear . you may call he " the Duke , " " my lord , " or " sire . " and there be a more ancient term you might keep in mind -- " Noble bear . " kyne ( inner voice ) play out you little comedy while you can off-worlders ... gurney turn and activate a device ... 93a . insert - ornithopter open ... which cause the ornithopter behind to fold open ready for flight . -- 93b . int . tunnel - observation room - arrakeen palace - day the two party meet and be introduce . duke leto so you be Dr. kyne , the Imperial ecologist ? kyne ( turn to gurney ) I prefer the more ancient term , planetologist ... Noble bear . duke leto this be my son , Paul . paul be you a fremen ? kyne I be a servant of the his majesty the Emperor . I have serve his majesty on arrakis long enough for my eye to change . paul ( inner voice ) he 's hide something . duke leto I understand we have you to thank for this stillsuit , Doctor . kyne they be fremen suit . I hope they fit well , my lord . paul " you gift be a bless of the river . " kyne ' fremen guard , hearing this be sieze with agitation . kyne quiet they , then study Paul . kyne ( inner voice ) the mahdi will greet you with holy word and you gift will be a bless . ( speak , nonchalantly ) most of the desert native here be a superstitious lot . they mean no harm . with you permission , I will check the security of you suit . gurney and the guard move forward warily . gurney ( angrily ) the Duke be to be address as ... -- kyne come forward and adjust the Duke 's suit , check seal and pull on strap . kyne basically ... gurney ( leaping forward to protect he Duke ) sire ! duke leto it 's all right gurney . gurney step back . gurney yes , sire . kyne it 's a high - efficiency filter and heat exchange system . perspiration pass through the first layer and be gather in the second . the salt be separate . breathe and walk provide the pump action . the reclaim water circulate to catchpocket from which you can drink through this tube at you neck . urine and fece be process in the thigh pad . should you be in the open desert , remember to breathe in through you mouth , out through the nose tube . the Duke be now properly fitte . kyne place the noseplug into he nose . kyne ( cont 'd ) with a fremen suit in good work order , one can sustain life for week , even in the deep desert . he remove the noseplug . duke leto my thanks . kyne with you permission ... kyne turn to Paul , run he hand over the slick fabric . he stand back with a puzzle expression . -- kyne you have wear a stillsuit before ? paul no . kyne you suit be fitte desert fashion . who tell you how to do that ? paul no one . it ... seem the proper way . kyne that it be . ( inner voice ) he shall know you way as if bear to they . kyne 's fremen guard be watch Paul very closely now . gurney we be waste time , sire . Duke leto , Dr. kyne , gurney and Paul enter the ornithopter ... 88 . through 89b . ( deleted ) 90 . int . jessica's chamber - arrakeen palace - day jessica tremble . jessica ( inner voice ) I must speak with you leto ! 91 . through 92 . ( deleted ) 93c . ext . atreide ornithopter - tunnel - arrakeen palace - day ... and the thopter turn slowly as it go up into the light . 93d . ( deleted ) -- 93e . ext . atreide ornithopter - day from outside the Palace 's atomic shield we see the blur of the ornithopter pass through a porthole and come out perfect like a gleam jewel . 93f . through 94 . ( deleted ) 94a . int . atreide ornithopter - day kyne Southeast over the Shield Wall . that 's where I tell you sandmaster to concentrate he harvest . 95 . ext . atreide ornithopter - day they crest the top of the wall which open out into a black , level expanse of rock , crater and fracture . on the other side be the huge , seemingly endless plain of sand , the great Desert . in the hazy distance , flash of light can be see . 96 . int . atreide ornithopter - day paul will we see a worm ? kyne where there be spice and spice mining there be always worm . paul always ? kyne always . paul why do they come ? kyne to protect they territory . vibration attract they . -- paul ( inner voice ) I have register he now ... a knife be a sheath on he leave arm ... he 's strong ... a person bear to command ... he 's hide many thing . ( out loud , suddenly ) be there a relationship between the worm and the spice ? kyne turn instantly and stare at Paul . gurney see the wonder in kyne ' eye . gurney the young master be a train mentat , a advanced student of prana bindu have study under some of the finest teacher in the Universe . kyne take a second look at young Paul . kyne as I say ... they defend the spice sand . as to they relationship with the spice ... who know . 97 . through 97a . ( deleted ) 98 . int . atreide ornithopter - day gurney Dust cloud ahead , sire . kyne that 's it ... spice mining ... no other cloud quite like it . see the spotter over it ? they be watch for wormsign ... the telltale sand wave . seismic probe on the surface , too sire ... worm can travel too deep for they wave to show ... look like a good patch of spice . duke leto wormsign ? be it wormsign ? -- kyne yes !... worm . Big one ! you have get sharp eye sire .... May I ? kyne grab the microphone and dial in the correct frequency . 98a . through 99 . ( deleted ) 100 . int . atreide ornithopter from the window , we see that the sand below be rippling , like water with a big fish just under the surface . kyne ( into radio , after have find the frequency ) Calling harvester pad nine . wormsign ! static ... then a voice . voice ( over radio ) who call pad nine ? gurney ( quickly ) do not mention the Duke ... this be a uncode channel . kyne unlist flight northeast of you ... wormsign on intercept course ... estimate contact fifteen minute . voice ( over radio ) have sighting confirm . stand by for fix . contact in sixteen minute minus . very precise estimate . who be on that unlist flight ? kyne click off the radio . duke leto what happen now ? kyne the carryall will come and lift off the spice harvester . try and get in close over the harvester ... you will find this interesting sire . -- the Duke accelerate the ornithopter in the direction of the harvester . Paul can see ... 101 . ext . harvester - desert - day ... huge amount of sand be spewn out of the gigantic stack atop the metal and plasteel harvester . 102 . int . atreide ornithopter - day kyne they will work until the very last minute . the yellow cloud of the harvester envelop they . the Duke fly up to get a closer look . voice ( over radio ) spotter control ... no sign of the carryall ... it be not answer . everyone look at one another . gurney the worm be eight minute away , sire . voice ( over radio ) spotter control -- give I a report by the number . over the radio many voice report they have no contact with the carryall . duke leto damn it ... harkonnen . he punch a control button and grab a microphone . duke leto ( cont 'd ) ( into microphone ) we be come down to take you off the harvester ... all spotter be order to comply . voice ( over radio ) order by whom ? -- duke leto ( angrily ) Duke leto atreide .... gurney and Paul turn to each other , worried . voice ( over radio ) yes ... yes , sire ! duke leto how many man do you have ? voice ( over radio ) full crew -- twenty -six man -- but sire , we can not leave this spice ... duke leto damn the spice ! get out of there . 103 . ext . harvester - desert - day all the spotter begin landing and the Duke descend directly in front of the harvester which have stop mining yet emit a tremendous rythmic grinding noise . no one be come out . 104 . int. / ext . atreide ornithopter / desert - day gurney nervously scan the sky for enemy ship . a very low , powerful SOUND start now and the ground begin to shake . 105 . ext . harvester - desert - day a hatch open and men come pour out . 106 . int . atreide ornithopter - desert - day duke leto ( yell at the man ) two man in each of the spotter ... you !... over here ... run !! the ground be really shaking now . a tremendous low thundering sound grow along with a high rasp hiss . kyne ( to Paul and gurney -- yell over the noise ) I can not see he yet but he 's very close ... -- duke leto ( out loud to himself as he watch the man scramble ) damn sloppy -- really damn sloppy . four men begin tumble into the Duke 's machine . gurney come on boy ... come on . ( then , to the Duke ) we be go to be heavy , sire . the man press on gurney and Paul . Paul can feel the fear . the sound be a horrible roar and deeper rumbling now and the `thopter be vibrate and shaking violently . the air suddenly begin to spark with static electricity . kyne ( nervous ) here he be ... we have get to go . the Duke close the doorway , survey the area one last time , then take the control . 106a . int . atreide ornithopter - day the ship strain and lift off -- slowly . Paul see the brown powder clump on the suit of the man ... they bluish eye . he smell the spice . he begin to feel its affect . paul ( inner voice as a blind light come and go ) spice !... pure un - refine spice ! kyne ( murmure ) bless the Maker and he water ... bless the come and go of he . May he passage cleanse the world . duke leto ( yell ) what 's that you be say ? kyne nothing . a spice miner turn and see kyne , who remain silent . -- spice miner # 1 ( astonished ) liet ! spice miner # 2 shhhhh . Paul hear this , then look to kyne -- lock on he image . paul ( inner voice ) liet ? kyne ( point down and yell ) you be about to witness something few have see -- watch ! watch ! Paul look down as the Duke bank over the harvester . 107 . ext . harvester - desert - day static electricity be igniting in the air and the sand be swirl around the harvester . then they see it . a wide hole emerge from the sand , glisten spoke within it . the hole be twice the size of the harvester . suddenly the machine turn and slide into the hole , part of it exploding . the SOUND be deafen . the Duke 's ship be whining to stay aloft . 108 . int . atreide ornithopter - day gurney god , what a monster . duke leto someone be go to pay for this ... I promise . kyne ( inner voice -- as he study the Duke ) this Duke be more concerned over he man than the spice ! I must admit ... against all better judgement ... I like this Duke . fade to : 109 . through 113b . ( deleted ) -- 114 . int . observation room - arrakeen palace - night Duke leto walk into the room . the night guard come to attention as he pass . duncan idaho , wear a dark , dusty stillsuit , emerge from the shadow . duke leto and duncan meet at the foot of the step . the man embrace and separate . duke leto ( happily ) Duncan ! what have you discover about the fremen , Duncan -- tell I . why have not we hear from you ? duncan my lord ... I suspect so much . I think they be the ally we seek ... they be strong and fierce ... they do not give they loyalty easily or quickly .... as you know , the Imperium have never be able to take a census of the fremen . everyone think that there be but few -- wander here and there in the desert .... my lord , I suspect a incredible secret have be keep on this planet ... that the fremen exist in vast number ... vast number ... and it be they that control arrakis . 115 . through 116 . ( deleted ) 116a . new scene - shadout mape along passage 117 . int . paul be sub - basement room - arrakeen palace - night duke leto' voice Guard . open the door . Paul be in a fitful sleep . leto enter and smile at he son . duke leto sleep well ... my son . the Duke smile at Paul then leave the room , but after he go , Paul strain with all he might to lift himself to call out . paul ( struggle painfully ) Father !... father ... drugge ... -- 122 . int . baron' quarter - harkonnen ship - night the baron 's face -- expressionless . the SOUND of he ship scream in the background . the doctor be seat beside he . 118 int . sub - basement passageway - arrakeen palace - night the Duke walk down the step to a very narrow passageway . the passageway become very dark . suddenly the Duke hear a strange mewling sound . he turn down a even darker passageway . he can hear the shield whining in the distance . he almost have to feel he way . up ahead he see a shape . he bend down and see the shadout mape die on the cold stone floor in the darkness . she try to speak but cannot . she fall . suddenly the Duke hear the shield generator start whining down . duke leto what happen ? what ? ( as mape die ) the shield ! the Duke reach to activate he shield be a large dart be shot into he shoulder . the Duke lurch upwards then tumble to the ground . out of the darkness come Dr. yueh . the dart drop and clatter as if a dream . duke leto ( cont 'd ) ( mind racing -- struggle ) yueh ! ( inner voice ) he 's sabotage the house generator , we be wide open . yueh ( with self - disgust ) I have bring House atreide down . I have destroy the new army 's weird module . duke leto ( hoarse whisper ) ... why ? the generator whine lower and lower -- yueh I wish to kill a man ... not you , my dear Duke , but the Baron .... you be dead already ... but you will be close to the Baron before you die . you will be tie and drugge but you can still attack . when you see the Baron you will have a new poison tooth . he will want you close so he can gloat over you . one bite on this tooth and a strong exile ... duke leto refuse ... yueh no ! -- you must not ... for in return I will save the life of you Paul and jessica . yueh remove the Duke 's signet ring and show it to he . yueh ( cont 'd ) for Paul ... he implant the tooth . yueh become more and more blurred . his image begin to fade . his lip move in the darkness . the generator whine be low and go lower and lower . yueh ( cont 'd ) when you see the Baron , remember the tooth ! the tooth ! 119 . ( deleted ) 119a . int . communications room - arrakeen palace - night atreide guard # 1 come run down the step and up to the captain and a technician . atreide guard # 1 the shield be down ! the shield be down ! atreide guard captain harkonnen ... ( turn and shout ) get that shield up ! -- 119b . ext . landing field - arrakeen - night a warning tone begin . troops begin pour onto the field . 119c . ext . rock - landing field - arrakeen - night troops race toward they ship . 119d . ( deleted ) 119e . int . guard house - arrakeen palace - night atreide guard the shield ! the shield ! 120 . int . passageway - arrakeen palace - night a loud warning tone vibrate . thufir turn away from the doorway of a small room where he 's horrify to see ... 120a . insert ... a chemical FIRE consume the thousand of atreide weird module . 121 . through 121a . ( deleted ) 123 . ext . palace - arrakeen - night a thousand harkonnen ship dive over arrakeen and the Palace . giant deep thunderous explosion shatter the land . billow smoke cloud column upwards , form a black wriggle death curtain around the Palace . 124 . int . passageway - arrakeen palace - night troops be run through the passageway , right and leave . smoke be everywhere and the horrible sound of the explosion continue . the sound of stone crunching , shifting , and break . scream . a wall of stone suddenly crack open . a burst of air and dust shoot out , hissing . the Duke 's dog run through the passageway whining with fear . -- 125 . ( deleted ) 125a . ext . harkonnen ship - landing field - arrakeen - night sardaukar rush out of a harkonnen ship . they electrically distort face come scream toward we . 125b . ( deleted ) 126 . ext . landing field - arrakeen - night harkonnen hammer ship thunder the ground , send crack and fissure throughout the landing field . harkonnen scare siren scream . 126a . ext . hammer ship - arrakeen - night atreide soldier run from the hammer ship . 129 . ext . ground - arrakeen palace - night FIRE and smoke . scream . a atreide soldier 's head be hit with a large white hot piece of explosion . through the black smoke , large sardaukar chase after three soldier and they with hydraulic knife - gun . one blade enter the back of one man 's head and come out he nose . tremendous noise of battle . gurney and a squad of troopers climb through body and thick smoke . gurney have the Duke 's dog safely inside he coat . the little dog 's head stick out -- look about . gurney stroke the dog 's neck when the reach safety behind some rock . small glimpsis , as the smoke move this way or that , let they see thousand of sardaukar fight . gurney long live duke leto ! troopers Long live Duke leto ! the cry from the man ring out as they attack with frenzy equalling that of the sardaukar . 127 . int . autopsy room - arrakeen palace - night the distant hammering of the harkonnen hammer ship . jessica 's eye open and she see two big boot but they seem to be float above the stone floor she be lie on . she be gag and tie . she look up . she see the huge Baron harkonnen stare down at she . in the distance she hear the battle raging . -- baron the drug be time . Dr. yueh have be very valuable to we .... what a pity you must remain gag . we can not let ourselves be sway by you witch 's Voice , now , can we ? jessica ( inner voice ) leto ... where be you ? 86 . int . a room - arrakeen palace - day Dr. yueh cover he face with he hand in a darken room ... sobbing . 127 . back to scene the Baron float across the room with suspensor - borne lightness . baron Goodbye , jessica and goodbye to you sweet son .... I want to spit once on you head ... just some spittle on you face -- what a luxury . he spit on she cheek . the Baron float out of the room into the passageway . baron ( cont 'd ) we be order to kill they ... so kill they . 129 . back to scene - battle 127 . back to scene nefud what be you order , piter ? piter take they to the desert , as the traitor suggest and worm will destroy the evidence . they body must never be find . -- 129 . back to scene - battle 127 . back to scene piter ( whisper to jessica , rub the spittle around on she face with he hand , delicately ) I would think of many pleasure with you . it be perhaps better that you die in the innard of a worm . desire cloud my reason .... that be not good ... that be bad . 129 . back to scene 128 . int . sub - basement passageway - arrakeen palace - night - shield effect Duncan Idaho kill a sardaukar soldier and rush forward frantically . his eye blaze intensely . he yell out to the other atreide soldier . duncan they be on this floor somewhere .... the soldier disappear , search in another direction . Duncan run , pound , down the passageway -- he eye search in every doorway . suddenly twelve huge sardaukar round a corner on a quick march . Duncan turn he shield up and charge they . behind they he see Paul and jessica bound in strap and be carry . Duncan attack and fight valiantly but he be outnumber . in the fight the light be blow out and Duncan be kill by a slow stunner pellet through the head . Paul strain to help . paul ( see Duncan ) Duncan !! Duncan !! Paul and jessica be carry off , quickly , through the darkness . the battle sound thunder . -- 128a . duncan' body - int . sub - basement passageway - arrakeen palace - night - shield effect Duncan 's dead , shield body slide sparking in the dark against the passageway wall . 129 . back to scene - battle - rabban on bridge 131c . ( deleted ) 132 . ext . palace - arrakeen - night FIRE and smoke . 133 . int . observation room - arrakeen palace - night the Baron 's face , the light of FIRE and explosion play over it . the Baron turn as piter usher in the traitor yueh . baron ( to yueh - quietly ) you wish now to join you wife , be that it , traitor ? a sudden flash of hope cross yueh 's face . yueh she life ? the Baron smile , almost sympathetically . baron you wish to join she ... join she , then . piter move to yueh , a knife glisten in he hand . it flash into he back . a gasp escape yueh 's throat , a sad look pass over he face , as if to say " I think as much . " he stand stiffly , then fall gasp . he taste he own blood , then die . baron take he away . 144 . ext . ground - arrakeen palace - night Black smoke palm . -- 145 . ext . landing field - arrakeen palace - night rabban stride in front of he uncle 's ship , carry kyne over he shoulder . harkonnen and sardaukar soldier stand at attention . rabban tear off kyne ' stillsuit . kyne fall . rabban he be in the Palace with the atreide ... I also say he be a spy for the Emperor . ( look up to the troops ) go now ! take he to he desert to die . go ! 129a . ext . harkonnen ornithopter - night the small `thopter climb toward the Shield Wall through a smokey atmosphere illuminate by distant explosion . 130 . int . harkonnen ornithopter - night jessica ( inner voice ) yueh 's sign . he 's leave a satchell . jessica and Paul , bound by cabin strap , lie in the back , the two guard at the control . outside , vthopter and ship fly past they toward the city . the distant fire play over jessica 's face as she see yueh 's triangular tattoo scratch in the cabin roof . harkonnen guard # 1 I would like to have some fun before we kill she . harkonnen guard # 2 ( laugh ) of course ... what do you think ? jessica look to Paul . paul ( struggle to use the Voice ) do not touch my mother ... jessica ( inner voice ) oh great mother ! he 's try the voice . the reverend mother say it could save he . harkonnen guard # 1 do you hear a noise from the little one ? -- harkonnen guard # 2 I do not hear anything . harkonnen guard # 1 no ? harkonnen guard # 2 no . he turn and hit Paul in the shoulder with a stungun . Paul recover and start take long , calming breath . jessica ( inner voice ) the calming exercise . harkonnen guard # 1 the little one ! ( they laugh ) suddenly , Guard # 1 reach around and put he hand up jessica 's skirt . he start breathe hard . Paul clear he throat . paul ( use the Voice ) remove she gag ! jessica ( inner voice ) excellent ! Guard # 1 find himself remove jessica 's gag . Guard # 2 turn away from he control but seem powerless to stop he . once , it 's off jessica smile seductively and writhes on the `thopter floor . jessica ( cont 'd ) ( the Voice ) there 's no need to fight over I . the two man stare at one another a moment . then Guard # 1's hand , glint silver , flash into Guard # 2 's chest , kill he . Guard # 1 pull the knife out , smile . the ornithopter begin to veer off into a dangerous nose dive . harkonnen guard # 1 now ? jessica ( the Voice ) first cut my son 's bond . -- Guard # 1 slowly cut Paul 's big strap , never take he eye off jessica . the ornithopter get closer and closer to the top jag surface of the Shield Wall . jessica ( cont 'd ) ( the Voice ) that 's it . the blade cut through the strap hold Paul 's leg . Paul kick upwards extremely powerfully and he foot break through the man 's chest cavity and drive he heart up into he head , spew blood out the man 's mouth . Paul grab the control but it 's too late . the ship fall into the rock . 130a . ext . harkonnen ornithopter - desert - night the `thopter slide across the rock , shearing off a wing . suddenly they be beyond the rock three mile above the great desert and plummete fast toward the dune below . 130 . back to scene Paul pull desperately on the control and manage to keep the ship aloft and fly into the deep desert . jessica oh , my God ! 131 . through 131a . ( deleted ) 131b . ext . palace - arrakeen - night cu violently burn palm . 133 . back to scene nefud exit - two harkonnens wheel in the stretcher , and swing it round - one of the guard hand piter he knife back - the Guards exit and the door close - piter move up to Duke leto and lean over he move he knife across the Duke 's face . the Baron fly down to the stretcher . baron Duke leto atreide . someone 's tear the insignia off you uniform . such carelessness . leto show no sign that he have hear . -- piter it be feyd . leto 's Pov : the Baron and he mentat be only dim faraway shape . they voice reach leto as if travel across a great distance . the Baron look to leto and then move to he , look he over . baron it be feyd ? ( laugh ) it be feyd ! where be the ducal signet ring ? I must have he ring . piter the ring ?... he be bring to we as be , Baron . I ... baron you kill the doctor too soon , you fool ! duke leto ( inner voice ) yueh ... yueh ... dead ... Paul and jessica safe ... the tooth ! piter he 's come round , my Lord . the Baron move from behind a table stack with dirty dish and foodstuff and go to leto . duke leto ( inner voice ) wait ... he must be near ... baron where be you ring ? the Baron 's face be now very close to Duke leto 's . baron ( cont 'd ) you do not answer ! duke leto ( very faint ) a... little ... closer .... the ... water ... of my life ... for Paul . the Baron briefly wonder at this word and then turn to piter . -- baron he 's cry ! ( he hit Duke leto ) he 's cry ! he 's cry , piter . what do he mean ? piter move forward . the Baron see a suculent piece of chicken skin on the table . he pick up the plate , then the chicken skin . leto 's Pov : it 's grow hazy again . the Baron be beginning to move away , reach for the small piece of chicken skin . piter lean close to leto . duke leto now ! we hear a crunch , hear a tumultuous rushing SOUND as piter 's face be push forcibly away . the Baron be turn , a dumbfounded look on he face . he drop the plate , and back away . there be a tremendous roaring . bit of vision of caladan rush through leto 's ever- darken consciousness -- mental image : 134 . through 134a . ( deleted ) 134b . ext . cliff wall - caladan - day the atreide banner , the green of it , then the black . the blackness flap ; then all fade to silence . 135 . int . harkonnen ornithopter - night as they fly deeper into the desert with the ship shudder and strain , jessica suddenly cry out with tremendous premonition and fear . jessica leto ! leto ! tear course down she cheek as Paul turn to she . jessica ( cont 'd ) ( to Paul ) leto ! he 's dead ! he 's dead ... -- paul I know ( inner voice ) I have no feeling !! why ? 136 . int . observation room - arrakeen palace - night Duke leto and piter lie dead . 137 . int . arrakeen palace - night the Baron float near the ceiling in a small passageway . he be ecstatic . baron ( scream ) I be alive !!! I be alive !!! 137a . int . harkonnen ` thopter - night Paul be fight the control of the harkonnen `thopter . 137b . clean Pov harkonnen `thopter light on dune . 137a . back to scene paul I can not maintain any altitude ... we will never reach the safety of rock . maybe that small rock . jessica where be we do you think ? paul the South polar region ... the forbidden area . we must make it to that rock ... 137c . ext . harkonnen ` thopter - deep desert - night the `thopter violently hit the sand and flip up - - almost turn over . it fall slowly back , then slide down the side of a dune . -- 137d . ext . harkonnen ornithopter - desert - night paul hurry ! he jump out of he seat . jessica bring this satchel ! she hand he one . paul ( at doorway ) hurry -- this crash may bring a worm . as Paul put the satchel over he shoulder , he feel something . he look at he father 's ring . he stare at it silently , then close he hand around it . they jump outside . jessica ( start to cry ) a million death be not enough for yueh ... paul ( inner voice ) ( reacting to he mother 's tear ) where be my feeling ... I feel for no one ... 138 . ext . rock - desert - night Paul and jessica run . Paul pull jessica to a place in the wall where a small overhang offer shelter . jessica fall to the ground . she cry , pour out she grief , but soon the sound of it be carry away by the building rush of wind . Paul turn and look out to the open desert , this portion of which be a dust ocean . 138a . paul be Pov : the mouse Moon have rise . ripples of dust undulate tide - like in the light of the moon . the whispering grain billow up like the foam of wave as they hit the rock . 138 . back to scene Paul turn , he face illuminate by the two moon above . his eye lock on the moon which have the image of the mouse . -- paul ( inner voice ) the second moon ... from the dream ... 138b . int . paul be eye - night we move into Paul 's eye , where the mouse moon appear and revolve slowly . the moon begin to explode . the piece of the moon soar toward we burn with white - hot flame . within the flame we see ... 139 . ( deleted ) 139a . ext . arrakeen palace - night ... the burn Palace of arrakeen . we move closer to it . 189b . int . observation room - arrakeen palace - night we then see Duke leto 's face . the Baron lean over the Duke and clutches the skin on the Duke 's face . he begin pull it . the skin on the Duke 's race slowly rip open -- make a hideous tear SOUND . Black smoke issue forth from the hole which teat larger . paul ( v.o. ) ( distort ) House atreide be ruin . ( less distort ) this moon hold my past . 139c . int . vestibule - observation room - night Inside and through the smoke Paul see feyd tear the Red Duke insignia off he father 's uniform . he see feyd laugh . the move , now - brilliant red hawk insignia become ... 139d . ext . castle caladan - night ... a burn meteor roaring over the castle on caladan . the meteor crash in the black sea . paul ( v.o. ) this moon hold my future . -- 139e . int . water - night foam confusion turn into a small , twist fetus under the sea . its eye close . move close to it , its eye snap open . through the eye be the pale white face of jessica . 139f . ext . shield wall - desert - night there be a huge soar wind sound and beyond jessica the dune roll like ocean wave . 139g . ext . mouse moon - night the moon continue to spew out piece of move image which be see then disappear as fast as spark . the break , burn piece float eerily toward we over the undulate dune below . one image float closer . it be a hand fold into a fist . paul ( v.o. ) I be only a seed ... the fist begin to open . duke leto ( v.o. ) the seed must grow . the hand open fully with slow blue fluid pulsate out the very center of the palm . the hand float eerily forward . duke leto ( v.o. ) the sleeper must awaken . 139h . ext . water - night the last image which pass be foam and spitting dark blue water . as the image pass , the black smoke trail behind it obscure the picture to blackness . 140 . ext . rock - desert - night through the darkness we move to Paul 's clench hand . it open , revealing the signet ring in the very center of he palm . Paul look upward to the moon of arrakis . he look back to the ring , then to he mother . paul listen to I !... you want to know about my dream ... and I have just have a waking dream ... do you know why ?... -- jessica calm yourself / paul the spice ! it 's in everything here . the air , the soil , the food ... it 's like the truthsayer drug ..... it 's a poison !!!! you know the spice would change I . but thanks to you teaching it 's change my consciousness . I can see it ... I can see it . jessica ( inner voice ) be he ....? paul you carry my unborn sister in you womb ! jessica ( inner voice ) he know . paul you and you bene gesserit sisterhood ... I be not you kwisatz haderach ... I be something different , something unexpected ! ( inner voice ) I be a seed . ( out load ) I be so much more ... you do not begin to know I ... 141 . through 142a . ( deleted ) 142b . ext . rock - desert - night Paul 's head go down . he place the ring on he finger . paul ( inner voice ) Father ... now I have become a killer and I will continue to kill until I have avenge you death . ( out loud ) Father ! jessica cry as she stare at she son . 143 . through 143a . ( deleted ) -- 145 . back to scene rabban stop up the ramp . he wear a large smile . his thick head sweat and sweat run down he thick neck . he go inside and the door swing close . 146 . int . harkonnen ship - night he enter the ship and move down within to the Baron 's headquarters , pass two dwarve cooking a dead legless cow which hang from chain . rabban tear out the cow 's tongue and eat it . then he exit through a door which close behind he . 147 . int . baron' quarter - harkonnen ship - night the Baron be fly wildly , circle the outside of a large steel shower , while nefud and a dwarf play a strange instrument produce maniacal , perverse , scream music . the Baron sees rabban enter , but continue to fly around the shower . baron ( very excited ) rabban !!... we be knee deep in atreide blood ! we have gut they . we have gut they ! ( laugh ) the Baron float to rabban and begin lovingly massage rabban 's massive neck as he speak to he . baron rabban , rabban ... I place you in charge of arrakis . it 's yours to squeeze , as I promise . I want you to squeeze and squeeze and squeeze . ( massage in rhythm ) give I spice ! drive they into utter submission . you must not show the slight pity or mercy ... as only you can ... never stop ! ( release he ) go .... show no mercy ! rabban yes , my lord Baron . rabban leave just as feyd step out of the shower . the Baron turn to he lovingly . -- baron ( to feyd ) and when we have crush this people enough I will send in you feyd ... they will cheer you as a rescuer ... lovely feyd ... really a lovely boy . ( suddenly he smile and scream ) where 's my doctor ? 148 . int . harkonnen ship - night as rabban leave , he look into one room of the ship . behind the glass porthole sit thufir hawat bound head and foot , he eye darting this way and that . 148a . ext . rock - desert - night Paul and jessica be in stillsuit . Paul be look through a fremkit . he find a paper with Dr. yueh 's mark on it . paul ( inner voice ) yueh 's leave the plan for the weird module . 148b . ext . moons - arrakeen - desert - night the moon have move further across the sky . 148a . back to scene suddenly Paul turn and study he mother . a stronger wind come up . paul we have to get to that mountain of rock . we have enter the time when all will turn against we and seek we life ... jessica get up . they make they way up the crest of a dune by a small rock . paul ( cont 'd ) it 's further than I think ... a worm be sure to come .... I will plant a thumper , that should divert it . -- Paul move off into the shadow . suddenly , jessica sees a burst of lightning illuminate the mountain of rock in the distant and the vast dune before they . jessica ( cont 'd ) ( inner voice ) ( as Paul leave to light the thumper ) ... the night be a tunnel ... a hole into tomorrow ... if we be to have a tomorrow ... 149 . through 151 . ( deleted ) 151a . ext . deep desert - night Paul plant the thumper which begin a powerful rhythmic noise . he turn to jessica . paul ( return ) remember ... walk without rhythm and we will not attract a worm ... it will go to the thumper . jessica ( put in she noseplug ) I be ready . Paul and jessica move into camera and exit right . 151b . ext . deep desert and rock - night another burst of lightning . the distant rock seem to have grow no larger . they muscle begin to ache . suddenly they hear the thumper start behind they . paul keep go ... 152 . ext . deep desert and rock - night ( later ) they breathe become very labor . the sand move like slow water , forever roll down and up . then they hear the worm , the low thunder hiss shaking the tonnage of sand . the thumper stop . Paul turn . paul faster !! -- jessica ( scream ) it 's deafen ! they body ache and they feel like drop , yet the cliff be still a good distance away . the worm SOUND grow louder and Paul turn to look . 153 . ext . worm - desert - night a flash of lightning . the worm be now come toward they . the mound of sand over the worm be enormous and be approach at a terrifyingly fast speed . the power of this worm be awesome . 153a . ext . deep desert - night paul ( scream ) run ! jessica I can not ... I can not . she turn to see . then she run . 153b . ext . drum sand - deep desert - night all at once they foot tromp down on firmer sand . the SOUND be very loud . paul drum sand ! the drumming sound echoes deep within the ground . jessica fall . Paul stop and drag she up . they run again . the worm SOUND become unbearably loud . static electricity SPARKS giant bolt of pure white lightning and the air turn to ozone . finally they find rock . behind they the SOUND of the worm change . they turn . 154 . ext . worm - deep desert - night the gigantic head of the worm be just break through the sand . the mouth begin to open in a eighty - foot circle of tooth and darkness . the mouth arch forward search for they . 155 . ext . base of the cliff - deep desert - night Paul and jessica climb up and up inside a narrow slit of rock . -- 155a . int . rock cliff - desert - night the worm 's mouth climb higher also but it cannot penetrate the narrow open in the rock . 156 . ext . rock cliff - night Paul and jessica have scramble upwards a couple of hundred foot . 156a . ext . worm and rock - night still the worm stretch up to they . suddenly the worm begin banging on the rock . huge shudder drive through the black stone . over and over again the worm mindlessly hit at the rock . 156b . ext . rock cliff - night Paul and jessica crouch further back in the tiny passageway of safety , but a solid back wall of rock prevent they from move back any more . 156c . int . rock cliff - night the breath from the worm be like a hurricane of wind . paul ( inner voice ) cinnamon ... the spice ! ( out loud ) do you smell it ? jessica yes ... paul ( inner voice ) I know the secret . the worm be the spice ... the spice be the worm . 157 . ( deleted ) 157a . ext . rock cliff - deep desert - night suddenly a colossal section of the rock wall crack and topple off into the worm 's mouth . instantly the worm pull back . a huge FIRE roar deep within the worm consume the rock . -- 158 . int . rock cliff - deep desert - night the worm now can get even closer to Paul and jessica . it loom up again and crush its mouth up against the rock . 158a . ext . rock cliff - deep desert - night another fissure open , and suddenly half the rock wall protect they split off entirely and fall ... take Paul with it . 158b . ext . worm and rock - night ... against the worm . 159 . ext . rock cliff - deep desert - night Paul be knock off the cliff and fall straight down two hundred foot . his foot skid along the face of rock . he bounce and brake . he hit and jump . he careen from one boulder , fly upside down , rights himself then tumble and skid into the sand . unhurt , he jump up and scramble up another part of the rock to safety . 160 . ext . rock cliff - deep desert - night jessica Paul ! she press against the narrow ledge that be leave after the worm assault . 161 . ext . base of the cliff - deep desert - night the worm be just come up again when distant thumping be hear . the worm , as if charme by the sound , turn and move off towards it . paul ( inner voice ) a thumper . 161a . ( deleted ) 162 . ext . rock cliff - deep desert - night jessica climb further up and manage to get over to a place where she can meet up with Paul , who be now climb back . -- jessica ( cry ) what 's happen ?... why do it leave ? paul ( breathe heavily ) someone start another thumper .... we be not alone . they climb upwards until the ledge end at the mouth of a dark crevice . Paul and jessica try to see into the inky black hole . 163 . ext . crevice - deep desert - night slowly Paul and jessica enter , inching forward . a low moan of wind come up . Paul can see nothing , then suddenly he sees star above and sees the hint of stair cut into the rock . jessica ( whisper ) man-carve step . paul ( whisper ) yes ... they climb the step and enter a extremely narrow dark channel of stone . as they make they way through the rock , suddenly there be a burst of lightning which illuminate a whole troop of fremen stand silently in front of they . 164 . ext . fremen place - deep desert - night stilgar perhaps this be the one mape tell we of . stilgar ( to jessica ) be you train in the way of the desert ? jessica no , but many consider my training valuable . stilgar I will take the boy-man ... he shall have sanctuary in my tribe ... -- a low note on a dip stick be blow by one of the fremen tribe . jessica shift , Paul see it , and just as stilgar begin a reach for he weapon , jessica turn , slashes out , utter a SOUND , whirl again and with rock behind she hold stilgar helpless in front of she -- she hand at he throat . Paul move on she first move . he race up a rocky incline . 165 . ext . cliff - fremen place - deep desert - night he then jump higher up and press himself between two rock on a low cliff overlook the rest of the fremen troop . 166 . ext . fremen place - deep desert - night the troop start shoot projectile weapon in Paul 's direction . stilgar stop ! get back !! she have the weird way . why do not you tell we ! great god ... if you can do this to the strongest of we you be worth ten time you weight of water . as a leader of my people I give you my bond : teach we this weird way and you both shall have sanctuary . you water shall mingle with we water . jessica then I will teach you we way of battle .... you have the word bond of a bene gesserit . a fremen it be the legend . 167 . ext . cliff - fremen place - deep desert - night up on the rock , Paul turn . he take a step , then notice a small figure stand in front of he . it be a girl . chani I be chani , daughter of liet .... I would not have permit you to harm my tribe . paul ( inner voice ) from my dream ... so beautiful . liet .... be this kyne ' daughter ? Paul stare at she in wonder . -- chani come with I . I will show you a easier way down . they exit . 168 . ext . fremen place - deep desert - night stilgar ( to Paul , as they meet ) you have strength ... real strength ... you shall be know as usul , which be the strength of the base of the pillar . this be you secret name in we troop . but you must choose the name of manhood which we will call you openly . paul ( think ) what do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon ? stilgar we call that one muad'dib . paul could I be know as Paul muad'dib ? stilgar you be Paul muad'dib , and you mother shall be a sayyadina among we .... we welcome you . wind blow a cloud of dust through the rock . High above the moon with the mouse shadow glow brilliantly . it dissolves into the sun . 168a . ext . deep desert - day Paul , jessica and the fremen march through the dune . 171 . through 171b . ( deleted ) 172 . ext . deep desert - dusk / sunset heat wave and sand dune . mysterious sound echo in the distance as the giant sun be set . chani take Paul to the top of a dune . they stare at the sunset and a huge rock outcropping in the distance . -- chani seitch tabr . Paul look at the rock , then turn to she . chani ( cont 'd ) tell I of you homeworld , usul . this word rend Paul 's soul . he can not speak . he reach out and touch she hand - she cheek . 173 . ( deleted ) 174 . int . entrance - sietch tabr - night the fremen troop enter into a large square room with slot passageway go off in various direction . 175 . int . passageway - sietch tabr - night they all move down one of the passageway which be beautifully but very plainly cut with lasgun . they be like passage in the pyramid , dark with sharp turn and incline upwards or downward , some very steep and long , and other descend hundred of foot . there be a strong , moan wind . 176 . through 177 . ( deleted ) 178 . int . passageway / stair - sietch tabr - night a quiet wind can be hear -- deep and moan . jessica moisture ... she look at Paul . he , too , notice . paul wind trap ... huge one . down a long , sloping , narrow passageway they go until they reach a stairway cut into the stone . it be very dark and get increasingly darker as they descend . the wind sound grow . the air grow colder and damper . Paul and jessica share another question look . at the bottom of the stair they pass through a narrow slot doorway which suddenly open out on something so totally unexpected it shock Paul . -- 179 . int . reservoir - sietch tabr - night it be enormous , deep reservoir of black water sit silently in the depth of this sietch and stretch out into the darkness . paul ( inner voice ) Water on arrakis !!! I have see this place in a dream . ( out loud ) a treasure . stilgar Greater than treasure , usul . we have thousand of such cache . only a few of we know they all . when we have enough ... we shall change the face of arrakis . listen !... there be the sound of water drip . the light be extinguish - reflection play on Paul 's face . stilgar ( cont 'd ) the rock of arrakis hold many secret . 179a . through 180 ( deleted ) 180a . revised scene - hall of rite thousands of fremen wait below . Paul enter a rock ledge , guide by two monk , which be crowded with fremen and old fremen monk . below the crowd continue to watch and wait while a giant wind organ moan . a monk step up to Paul . monk we sense that you may be the " voice from the outer world " . both moon tell we of you . you must pass test before we will know ... you must conquer the beast of the desert , both he outer and he deadly inner power . ( move back ) speak to we ... from the outer world . Paul turn and gather courage to address the multitude below . paul ( inner voice ) I be only a seed . ( out loud ) I be usul ... Paul muad'dib . -- crowd ( loud murmur ) muad'dib ! monk the legend . paul ( inner voice ) no one ever dream there would be so many . ( out loud ) we share enemy the harkonnen , be once again in control of arrakis . stilgar , you leader , have ask I and my mother to crush the harkonnen . we must do more than this . we must totally destroy all spice production on arrakis . the Guild and the entire universe depend on spice . " he who can destroy a thing , control a thing " . I will take one hundred of you warrior and train they . this one hundred will train the thousand that remain . when the spice flow stop , all eye will turn to arrakis . the Baron and the Emperor himself will be force to deal with we . arrakis will become the center of the universe. ( inner voice ) the dream unfold . 181 . through 181a . ( deleted ) 182 . int . training room - sietch tabr - day large room with a low ceiling . a drummer play make a low echoing musical hit . a big block of stone be move across coarse sand -- back and forth -- fast . a rhythm be start -- powerful . Paul enter , pause and look to jessica - he stand in front of over 100 fremen man . jessica sit behind he alongside stilgar . a large rock obelisk have be place near Paul for this demonstration . paul the weird way have long be a bene gesserit secret . with my mother 's help , my father isolate a element of the weird way and externalise it . -- paul ( cont 'd ) because of the harkonnen treachery , my father 's army be never able to fully develop this new form . this be what I will teach you . you will be the fiercest and most fear fighter in the Universe . we way of battle be build on rhythm . you understand rhythm like this but you do not yet understand the rhythm of the higher sound , sound that heal and build ... sound that destroy . motion be the base . you understand the motion ... but you do not yet understand the motion that heal and build ... motion that destroy ... orato ! ( he move forward ) this obelisk be of you hardest stone . kick it ... ( he do -- the rock do not move ) hit it ... ( he do -- the rock do not move ) yell at it ... orato break ! the fremen laugh -- the rock do not move . a fremen with a lasgun try to cut it . Paul motion he back , slightly . paul move back ! Paul also move back . he switch on he weird module . he open he mouth and make a small SOUND , which the module amplify . paul chuksa ! the sound shatter the obelisk to piece . the one hundred fremen yell with surprise and awe . 100 fremen achiii ! -- paul this be part of the weird way that we will teach you . some thought have a certain sound ... that be the equivalent to a form . through sound and motion you will be able to paralyze nerve , shatter bone , set fire , suffocate a enemy or burst he organ .... we will kill until no harkonnen breathes arrakeen air . 100 fremen muad'dib ! paul ( inner voice ) to avenge my father , I will turn you into kill machine . stilgar turn to jessica . stilgar sayyadina . we reverend mother tell I she be too old ... she have be call through space and time for you to come and let she rest . she ask that you pass within . jessica ( inner voice ) they want I to take the Water of life ... the truthsayer drug ... so dangerous , yet ... we must move swiftly if we be to secure we place among this fremen . ( out loud ) I will try to pass within . stilgar death may be the result .... be you sure ? jessica ( inner voice ) I must do this for Paul , but what of my unborn child ? dissolve to : 183 . through 187 . ( deleted ) -- 188 . int . rock ledge - hall of rite - sietch tabr - night fremen carry the fremen reverend mother ramallo in on a litter . the old reverend mother be old a frail yet extremely beautiful and mysterious . she turn to Paul and jessica with a strange look . reverend mother ramallo ( to jessica , in a ancient voice ) so you be the one . she turn away towards the monk who be very busy blow horn and wave pot of burn spice , purify the area of the rite . several fremen blow on dip stick and a female choir begin a haunt chorale as the giant pipe organ blow beautiful low note below . Paul look to he mother . he then see chani . cu chani . cu Paul -- he can not stop look at she . stilgar motion to Paul . stilgar ( whisper to Paul ) do you know the Water of life ?... come ... ... watch ... the mystery of mystery ... the end and the beginning . he show Paul through a narrow passageway -- almost a slot through the stone to a small room . through a open in the stone wall , Paul be show a very strange and somewhat horrifying scene . 189 . int . baby worm - maker room - sietch tabr - night a thirty - foot baby worm be be lower into a stone chamber . the chamber be then cover with a wire top . valve be turn and water rush into the chamber . the worm begin to writhe violently and leap and bang against the bar above . the worm begin to turn inside out from the mouth back and it begin to gag . some monk and watermaster quickly drain the stone chamber and wrench the worm out use large steel hook . they hold the worm above a large tub . a watermaster - reed man run a long reed in to the worm , cause it to spasm and gag up a beautiful deep blue bile as it die . 189a . int . maker room - sietch tabr - night the bile and worm water be combine in ceremonial container . Paul turn to stilgar . -- stilgar the Water of life . paul ( inner voice ) the most lethal poison in the Universe . then we hear from Paul 's memory he conversation with the reverend mother : reverend mother ... many man have try . paul do they try and fail ? reverend mother they try and die . 190 . int . rock ledge - hall of rite - sietch tabr - night stilgar and Paul return to the ledge above the Hall of rite . a monk priest step forward , address the crowd , silencing they . the other monk move back carry they smoking cleanse bag . monk # 1 one among we have consent to enter the rite . she will attempt to pass within that we not lose the strength of we reverend mother . paul ( inner voice ) ( turn to he mother ) what if she should fail ? he bring the jug close to jessica . monk # 1 drink ! jessica drink . jessica ( inner voice ) the ultimate awareness spectrum narcotic . I must transform the poison configuration within my body ... the blue must be make clean . she swallow . her body contort and spasm violently . she scream . the reverend mother scream with she . -- 191 ( deleted ) 192 . int . rock ledge - hall of rite - sietch tabr - night we see jessica sit , shoulder tight and spasming -- strain , she eyelid half - close and flicker . 193 . ( deleted ) 194 . int . rock ledge - hall of rite - sietch tabr - night the old reverend mother slowly extend a hand toward jessica 's shoulder . 195 . jessica - mental image Inside jessica , we see the reverend mother ramallo 's hand descend through the dark void . shimmer water start to ripple , lightly stir a image of jessica . as the hand penetrate , something deep within she start to glow . it be a fetus , a female . the reverend mother ramallo 's hand flinch as it touch the fetus . the fetus spark to life - scream and rapidly spasming upwards on its umbilical cord . 195a . ( deleted ) 196 . int . rock ledge - wall of rite - sietch tabr - night reverend mother ramallo ( whisper urgently into jessica 's ear ) you should have tell we . 197 . jessica's mental image - fetus reverend mother ramallo ( v.o. ) ( gasp ) great mother ! this change both ! what have we do ? -- 197a . int . the tunnel - night jessica and the fetus rush mentally through a dark strangely worm - like tunnel until suddenly , a gape black hole appear . a horrible wind , SPARKS and circle of expand light issue from it . jessica ( v.o ) ( inner voice ) ( fearful ) no ! this be the place where we cannot look . the place only for the eye of the kwisatz haderach . 197b . the fetus - night the fetus twist down the tunnel to join jessica , she umbilical cord trail behind . she scream as she look into the hole . 197c . the navigator - night she and jessica see a shape move deep within the windy hole . it be a third stage Navigator , roaring . jessica what be this ?... be this what kill the man who enter here ? she quickly take the fetus back up the tunnel . as they move : jessica ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( inner voice ) now my daughter and I be both reverend mother . reverend mother ramallo ( v.o. ) ( distant ) I have be a long time wait for you . here be my life . 198 . int . rock ledge - hall of rite - sietch tabr - night the old reverend mother ramallo slump forward onto the stone , dead . the crowd wait . the corpse be tenderly remove . jessica very slowly open she eye and look about she . the monk hold the jug to she lip . monk Change it that we may all drink of it . -- jessica spew water into the spout . the monk swirl the jug , sniff at the spout and then drink . monk ( cont 'd ) it be change ! paul ( inner voice ) she do it ! 199 . int . hall of rite - sietch tabr - night the fremen suddenly turn they attention to Paul .... they whisper " it be the prophecy ! " they soon begin to chant ... " muad'dib .... muad 'dib " over and over again . the chant sound fill the hall along with the ghostly wind organ . 200 . ( deleted ) 201 . int . hall of rite - sietch tabr - night down below , the crowd continue chanting " muad'dib , muad'dib . " 202 . int . rock ledge - hall of rite - sietch tabr - night Paul continue to stare at chani . he move to she . chani turn . Paul be at she side . they eye meet and lock . chani ( whisper ) come with I . 203 . int . passageway on rock ledge - sietch tabr - night at the end of the dark black corridor , chani turn and she and Paul fall together in a long kiss fill with love . paul chani .... I love you ... I have always love you .... -- 204 . through 209 . ( deleted ) 169 . int . staircase - geidi prime - day the Baron and feyd descend several step into a darker area of geidi Prime . feyd be carry a strange creature in a small wire cage . the Baron be float as he descend . baron ( take a drink ) feyd , even though he 's aging , thufir be one of the finest mentat in the Universe ... and he 's mine , feyd ... all mine .... quiet now . feyd I will . 170 . int . basement room - geidi prime - day nefud stand eat candy behind thufir 's chair . nefud have a stun gun , even though thufir 's hand be tie . the Baron enter with feyd . baron oh thufir , I see they have install you heart plug already .... do not be angry . everyone get one here . but this be not why we be here . we have bring you a little cat , thufir . you must care for it if you wish to live . a poison have be introduce into you , thufir hawat . by milk this smooth little cat body each day you receive you antidote ... it must be do each day .... also , you must do something for I if you wish to live . you know I lose piter , my dear mentat ... thufir give the Baron a weak , wide - eye stare . feyd all I can see be a atreide that I want to kill . baron feyd , no , no ! thufir 's a harkonnen now , be not you thufir ? thufir ( inner voice ) my dear Duke ... how I have fail you . -- 211 . int . jessica be room - sietch tabr - night jessica 's face show sign of strain . woman move around she , chani and harah at she side , help she give birth . suddenly alia be bear and she freshly - bear moist body be hold up in front of jessica . Alia 's eye snap open , burn brightly . harah what will you call she ? jessica Alia . as they lift Alia for jessica to see ... alia mother . 210 . int . training room - sietch tabr - night Paul walk down the step into the training room - follow by harah 's two son . he pause at the foot of the step . paul activate you weird module ... Paul activate he , and the fremen follow suit . paul set the range for two meter . Paul walk down the line of fremen . paul korba ... ( point to robot ) the arm ... korba ( aim the module ) chuuk-sa ... paul motion ... chuuk -sa ... korba chuuuk-sa ... he fire the module and the arm of the robot be shot off . Paul smile and hit he on the shoulder - Paul walk on . -- paul stilgar ... one of the fremen call out to Paul . a fremen muad'dib !... the word ` muad'dib ' cause a tremendous power to build . the module shake violently in he hand - it suddenly fire upwards , and the wall explode . paul ( inner voice ) my own name be a kill word . will it be a heal word as well ? 211a . new scene stilgar ( to Paul as he apply red colour to the shoulder of several large fremen man ) usul ... this be fifteen of we fiercest fighter to serve you as you guard ... the fedaykin . he pause , then hold up he brilliantly red hand . 212 . ( deleted ) 213 . ext . desert - day a explosion . Paul turn and he eye be totally blue . he lift binocular to they and look . he see the fremen fighter below charge at the harkonnen . as the fremen run they make powerful sound with they weird module , explode everything in they path and catch thing on fire . 213a . ext . carryall - desert - day in the distance , a huge spice carryall be shot down and it fall to the ground exploding more violently on impact . 213 . back to scene paul now ! -- stilgar signal , and fremen run behind they . pail ( cont 'd ) ( to stilgar ) they be even better on the battlefield than in the training room !! ( inner voice ) sound ... as a weapon . if only you could see they , father . Paul smile as he look at the battle in the distance . paul ( cont 'd ) ( he v.o. from the past ) when the spice flow stop , the entire Universe will turn to arrakis . the Baron and the Emperor himself will be force to deal with we . 214 . int . passageway - arrakeen - day rabban stare dumbfounded as many harkonnen wounded and dead be bring through the passageway beyond . rabban grab a harkonnen and ask : rabban what happen ? what happen to you ? what be he say ? wounded harkonnen muad'dib !... muad'dib !... muad'dib !... muad'dib ! rabban push he away . a harkonnen soldier he 's be repeat that name ever since we find he . rabban who be this muad'dib ? 215 . ext . deep desert - day heat wave ; dune . a big thumper be force into the sand . a rhythm be hear pound on fremen hand drum and rhythm instrument . foot scramble . Black stillsuite fedaykin warrior bodyguard gather . stilgar turn . -- stilgar ( to Paul ) usul ... it be time you become a sandrider ... and travel as a fremen . take the kiswa maker hook of we sietch and ride as a leader of man . 216 . ( deleted ) 217 . ext . deep desert - day as Paul leave the troop to plant the second thumper : stilgar ( v.o. ) two thumper be plant . the worm may not surface for the first - he will rise for the second . remember , when the worm approach , you must be utterly still ... and close enough to plant the hook firmly under a ring segment .... the worm will turn to lift this expose area as far from the abrasive sand as possible and it will take you with it -- to the top . do not get too close as he approach ... the sand will engulf you .... wait till the head of the worm pass -- then go ... quickly . stilgar &amp ; fremen shai-hulud ... shai-hulud . in the distance the telltale SOUND of the worm 's approach begin . this worm be deep underground and the sound be low and the ground tremble violently . paul ( inner voice ) only the very strong one travel this deep .... the SOUND and vibration continue to build . in the distance , the fedaykin and stilgar watch . stilgar ( to the other ) usul have call a big one . again ... it be the legend . 218 . ( deleted ) -- 219 . ext . deep desert - day heat wave ... dune rhythm . thunderous approach of the worm . Paul still can not see the worm , but the sound begin to drow out the fremen rhythm instrument and the sand begin to vibrate . suddenly , Paul sees ... 219a . ext . worm - deep desert - day ...a mountain of sand rise up , tower , thunder -- lightning SPARKS fissure throughout the air above the worm . the mountain approach at a terrifying speed . then , the worm appear -- rush . the mouth , at first a small open , begin to widen -- expose a thousand glisten tooth . 219b . ext . desert - day Paul freeze . he let the worm get closer and closer . the heat wave distort the gigantic form , make it more hideous -- more foreign . he move forward . the other watch anxiously . this worm be big . it be so much larger than image . its top tower 125 foot in the air . the segment be each ten foot wide . 219c . ext . vertical section of worm - desert - day Paul get close and run alongside , he plant the hook under a segment and pull back . the SOUND be excruciatingly loud . the sand be so deep and more be be throw out beneath the body of the worm . Paul get catch in it and fall . he narrowly escape be suck under the beast . he get up -- run again and plant the hook once more . he run faster , bend the segment open to expose the tender flesh . 219d . ext . full - size section of worm - desert - day suddenly the worm begin to turn . Paul pull himself up the body as it turn -- hold onto the hook . soon he be fifty -- sixty -- seventy foot off the ground -- go higher . the giant worm get the second thumper and Paul at that moment climb to the top . he plant the second hook . paul ( inner voice ) a sandrider !... Paul work the hook into the breathe hole along the body ... -- 219e . ext . desert - day ... cause the great beast to make a slow turn toward stilgar and the bodyguard . they set themselves and as the worm pass ... 219f . ext . full - size section of worm - desert - day ... they all clamber on , climb up the side to the top . paul ( yell ) Long live the fighter ! they return the traditional call and Paul steer the maker in a giant circle . they head out across the dune . 219g . ( deleted ) 219i . ext . desert - day rabban and harkonnen in the desert . rabban observe tremendous destruction of he spice harvester and carryall . 219k . emperor' world report voice seventeen great house of the lansraad have report a significant delay in delivery of spice per choam agreement . this constitute a serious violation of choam code . contact Baron Vladimir harkonnen immediately . 219h . int . great hall - arrakeen palace - day a furious rabban sir in a black steel tub in the great Hall . a squad of troops stand at attention in front of he , listen to he scream fit . rabban falsify the report . we can not hide it all , tell they we have lose only two hundred harvester ... and forty carryall ... and do not let my uncle know about the destruction of the spice silo .... I will catch this muad'dib and suck the blood from he !! suck the blood from he !!! -- 219j . through 222 . ( deleted ) 226a . ext . harvester - desert - day smoke billow from a burn harvester . 226b . ext . desert - day Fighting be go on between fremen and some smuggler . Paul move down a smokey dune with stilgar follow by fremen and fedaykin . paul we surprised a band of smuggler . stilgar ( racing into thick smoke ) too bad ... think they be harkonnen . Paul and stilgar move through the smoke . a man run up with a maula pistol aim at Paul but Paul spin and puncture the man 's chest with a sound from he weird module . Paul turn and a large figure come through the smoke . they surprise each other . the figure hold a gun . paul gurney !... the figure stop -- stunne . paul ( cont 'd ) you have no need of you weapon with I gurney halleck . gurney ( peer ; whisper of hope ) Paul !! Paul !! paul do not you trust you own eye . gurney they say you be dead . they say ... Paul show he the signet ring on he finger . gurney move forward , he eye tear , and the two embrace each other and pound each other on the back . gurney you young pup ! you young pup ! -- 227 . new scene - world report voice stand-by ... warning ... we have just receive a code threat from the Guild . spice production be in serious jeopardy ... giedi Prime supplying false report ... Guild to visit Emperor in one standard day . 228 . int . throne room - emperor' palace - night the Emperor sit on he throne . behind he be he sardaukar officer . in front of he be several guildsman . one hold a large electrical apparatus up to the face plate of another which translate he strange voice into English . tanked guildsman # 2 Emperor shaddam iv ... you have one last chance to take matter into you own hand and bring the situation under the control on arrakis . emperor what do you mean one last ... tanked guildsman # 2 do not speak !... listen !... you do not have more than this one chance .... I represent the entire Guild in this matter .... you have fail to kill the atreide heir ... Paul . emperor but he be say to ... tanked guildsman # 2 ( moan like a cow ) noooooo ... he be not dead . he be not eat by worm as you have want to believe . he be not miss . he be in the deep desert with the fremen . the spice be in great danger . we be not ask ... we be tell ... remedy the situation or you will live out you life in a pain amplifier . the guildsman turn and leave . emperor who be this Paula atreide to the Guild ? and why ? 222a . int . jessica be room - sietch tabr - day jessica sit with harah . -- harah you reverence , I do not wish to upset you , but the other woman ... 223 . int . passageway - sietch tabr - day at the end of the passageway , stand alone -- stare with powerful intense blue-within-blue eye -- be alia . she 's listen mentally . harah ( v.o. ) ... they do not like Alia around . she frighten they . it be the strangeness of you daughter . 224 . int . jessica be room - sietch tabr - day jessica it 's the way she speak of thing ... Alia be listen - then exit . 225 . int . passageway - sietch tabr - day Alia listen mentally . jessica ( v.o. ) ... beyond she year and of thing no child could know -- thing of the past . ( pause ) Alia begin walk . she appear to be angry . jessica ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a daughter who know at birth everything I know ... 226 . int . jessica be room - sietch tabr - day harah but you reverence , they will not have she around they . Alia enter . alia ( scream little adult voice ) harah ! would they deny I the right to use this mind ?... -- alia ( cont 'd ) ( use the Voice ) would they deny I the right to use this voice ?... harah 's head nearly burst with pain and she scream as if she be die . jessica Alia ! 226a . ( deleted ) 228 . back to scene - emperor' throne room emperor ( firmly ) I want fifty legion of sardaukar on arrakis at once . sardaukar officer # 1 fifty legion ?... ( he look at the other officer with worry ) that 's we entire reserve as well . emperor this be genocide ... the deliberate and systematic destruction of all life on arrakis . 228a . new scene ship over arrakis . 229 . through 230 . ( deleted ) 231 . int . paul be room - sietch there be a grow , powerful sound of a worm approach as Paul and chani be lie together in the darkness of they sleep chamber . Paul 's eye snap open and he see chani look down at he ( the last image of the future in the desert ) . chani you be call my name ... it frighten I . -- page miss -- in the hollow of a huge dune , Paul stop with chani . they share a look into each other 's eye . Paul turn towards the fedaykin and nod . they move in quickly to tie and wrap Paul in fremen rope . they move back and wait quietly . chani move in very close to Paul . she hold a glass vial of the blue water of life . paul hurry ! all I see be darkness . chani Paul ... I will love you forever ... in life or in death ... let shai-hulud judge now . ( whisper ) you be my life . she pour the blue liquid into Paul 's mouth . slow move into Paul 's face as : paul ( inner voice ) now ... the test of the water of life ... what be it that wait for I in this darkness ? 233a . int . paul' mind fade to black then dissolves to dark blue fluid . a blue drop fall into the blue fluid - a huge low thud - then quiet . 233b . ext . desert - night cut to Paul scream horribly in the desert . 235 . int . jessica be room - sietch tabr - night Alia walk forward in the very dark room . blood rush from she nose . she force herself to walk to jessica 's bed . she find that jessica 's nose be bleed also . jessica wake in pain . they stare at each other in the darkness . jessica alia ! alia mother - help I ! jessica ( struggle ) Alia ! what be it ? -- alia it 's Paul . he 's take the Water of life . 233c . int . paul' mind cut to quiet black - dissolve again to blue - another drop - low thud - quietness - fade to black . 245a . ext . emperor' spaceship - space the Emperor 's space ship soar towards we . 246 . int . emperor' space ship - space the reverend mother helen mohiam be on the floor , bleed from the nose and weak from pain . the Emperor look on in horror . 233d . int . paul' mind suddenly scream towards we be white ring , star and a huge Guild Navigator . 233e . ext . desert - night cut to Paul 's eye - tightly close , ooze fresh blood . 233f . ext . desert - night scream SOUND . Paul 's mouth open and a giant wind be stir on the desert . 234 . ( deleted ) 235a . int . paul' mind Navigator chew giant eye and spew blood and light and sound . Paul 's mouth double expose over Navigator and eye . the sound from Paul 's mouth destroy the Navigator and open the alam . Navigator burst into a huge light ring and we quickly travel through ring after ring and mass of liquid star . the light increase until it be blind and then in the light ... -- 235b . ext . flower blossoming a golden flower blossom and glow brilliantly - suddenly the powerful sound of a approach worm . 236 . through 239 . ( deleted ) 240 . ext . desert - night chani and the fedaykin freeze and watch in horror as seven giant worm converge on they . the worm break the desert surface and rise , tower over they . the worm hover and wait . dissolve to : 241 . through 245 . ( deleted ) 240a . ext . desert - day chani look to the fedaykin , then they look at Paul who lie motionless . she cut the rope bond with she crysknife . her finger tremble as do the whole of the desert . Paul 's eye snap open . he sit up slowly . chani stare at he in awe . chani Paul ... Paul . 240b . ext . wave crashing a huge wave crash and Paul see the image of he father . Paul slowly get to he knee , then stand . 240c . ext . desert - night paul Father !... Father ! the sleeper have awakened . giant echoe of this phrase reverberate across the vast desert . the worm bend back into the sand and leave with thunder power . music full . 247 . through 250 . ( deleted ) -- 251 . ext . rock ledge - hall of rite - sietch tabr - night the rock ledge of sietch tabr be fill with fedaykin and monk ; chani , jessica , gurney and stilgar stand together near the back . Paul move out on the rock ledge overlook the Hall of rite which be crowded with fremen warrior who chant " maud ' dib " along with the powerful sound of the wind organ and fremen war drum . Paul raise he open hand . silence . only the organ continue with a soft low note . the fremen wait . paul arrakis ... dune ... Desert Planet . a quiet , haunt moan of recognition of a master rise from the fremen . paul ( cont 'd ) ( loud ) you time have come . ( inner voice ) Father ... we time have come . ( out loud again ) a storm be come -- we storm ... and when it come it will shake the Universe . Emperor ... we come for you . a thunderous roar arise . War drum pound . the organ blow hurricaine of power through the sietch . paul ( he raise crysknife ) Long live the fighter ! stilgar Long live the fighter ! fremen carry weapon begin move out in long line from the Hall as the war drum pound . 251a . through 252b . ( deleted ) 265 . int . harkonnen ` thopter - day in one `thopter sit the Baron harkonnen . he be fly down to the Emperor 's ship . 253 . ext . rock outcropping - deep desert - day a sietch door open and fremen warrior stream out . -- 254 . ( deleted ) 255 . ext . deep desert - day the wind be howling and be start to blow the sand . Dark sand cloud form in the distance . 256 . ext . rock outcropping - deep desert - day another sietch door open and hundred and thousand more fremen pour out . 257 . ext . shield wall - arrakeen - day Paul , stilgar and gurney watch the Emperor 's enormous ship on the arrakeen landing field below . 257a . through 258 . ( deleted ) 260 . ext . deep desert - day thousands of fremen be run , plant thumper as they go . 259 . int . communication room - arrakeen - day paul gurney , when the storm hit ... set off the atomic . I want a open through the entire Shield Wall . stilgar ? do we have wormsign ? stilgar and gurney laugh . stilgar usul ... we have wormsign , the like of which even God have never see . Paul smile . 261 . ext . deep desert - day look down over the huge desert it look like a live sea of wormsign . everywhere ripple appear and worm be surfacing . -- 261a . ext . deep desert - day thousands of fremen be run , positioning themselves to mount and ride . 262 . ext . desert - day Dust cloud grow faster and the speed of the wind increase . Sand particle hit at a rock outcropping and up close they sound like giant warrior drummer pound before battle . 263 . ext . harkonnen ship - desert - night suddenly above come hundred of scream space ship zoom down across the desert floor and towards the landing field . 264 . ( deleted ) 266 . ext . desert - day the storm be howling now . Sand blast against rock and rip piece away . 267 . int . steel tent - emperor' space ship - day emperor bring in that float fat man ... the Baron . the Baron be bring in . distant warning signal begin . the Baron be fight to contain he fear because rabban' head sit all bloody on the floor in front of he . finally the Emperor speak . emperor why have you bring I here ? baron you highness ... there must be some mistake ... I never request you presence . emperor ah ? but you lack of action demand it . you dreadful mismanagement , you bad judgement in assign to rabban -- ( he gesture toward the head ) -- the governorship .... you force I to come here and set thing straight ... personally . -- a voice bring in the messenger . Alia be bring in by the sardaukar soldier . she be smile . alia I be the messenger from muad'dib . poor Emperor , I be afraid my brother will not be very pleased with you . emperor silence !... I do not court you brother 's pleasure . suddenly the reverend mother look horrify and grab she throat . reverend mother ( struggle , speak ) kill this child !! she 's a abomination !! kill her. ( point to Alia , who be smile at she ) get out of my mind !!! alia not until you tell they both who I really be . reverend mother ( strain speech void of emotion ) sister of Paul muad'dib . the reverend mother slump . the Baron 's mouth fly open . the Emperor 's face go pale , he lip tremble . emperor Paul 's sister ... Paul be muad'dib ?! he turn quickly and look at the two Guild agent present in the room . they stare at he icily . Alia be smile happily . 268 . int . communication room - arrakeen - day Paul smile . paul ( laugh ) ( to gurney and stilgar ) Alia keep pace with the storm . -- gurney and stilgar do not understand . suddenly enormous dust cloud and lightning sweep up over the Shield Wall . paul gurney , now ! gurney give a hand signal and ... gurney ( they put on they hood ) atomic ! 269 . ext . shield wall - arrakeen - day ... twenty explosion of hydrogen bomb intensity go off in a row , cut a huge gorge through the width of the massive Shield Wall . as the explosion go off , a wind howl , destroy much of arrakeen and cover the rest with ton of sand . Sand rip at the Palace and the Emperor 's ship . 270 . int . steel tent - emperor' space ship - day Alia smile as they hear the tremendous roaring , atomic scream of the explosion . the Emperor 's ship 's warning signal be now close and loud . alia my brother be come ... with many fremen warrior . a sardaukar rush in . sardaukar officer # 2 the Shield Wall be go . emperor impossible ! alia not impossible . I tell you ... he be here now . sardaukar officer # 2 majesty , into the ship ! emperor ( to he officer ) ( rise ) release the sardaukar . Baron ... give this little abomination to the storm . they all leave the room , include the sardaukar . -- 270a . through 271 . ( deleted ) 272 . int . steel tent - emperor' space ship - day baron I have she , majesty ! the Baron float down to she . Alia turn to he -- still smile . with a flash of she hand she reach out and swipe at the Baron 's face . he cry out in pain . she pull he suspensor plug and push he back , then slowly show he the tiny needle she hold in she hand . he spin crazily as he scream from the poison . 273 . ext . shield wall - arrakeen - day worm , each with hundred of fremen on they , come slithering through the newly - form canyon in the Shield Wall . 273a . ext . worm - shield wall - arrakeen - day Paul ride the lead worm with gurney and stilgar by he side . the storm be howling and blow with horrifying intensity . 273b . int . emperor' space ship - control room - day the Emperor and he sardaukar officer in a darken room where they be horrify to see on the screen the hundred of worm which be come into the arrakeen valley . all they face show fear . 272 . back to scene int . emperor' space ship - GREEN throne room - day suddenly the wall behind Alia and the spin Baron be completely blow away by a blast . the Baron float and spin out into the storm . 274 . ext . arrakeen - day as the worm enter the arrakeen basin they meet the sardaukar . the sardaukar do not have a chance -- the worm suck they up by the hundred . the fremen on the worm 's back fire weapon , kill the few sardaukar the worm leave behind . 275 . ext . landing field - arrakeen - day the space ship which be recently airborne be now crash because of the storm . -- 272a . new scene the Baron float and spin high in the dust cloud of the storm over the arrakeen Valley . 274a . new scene the worm , that Paul , gurney and stilgar be riding , suddenly rear up . its mouth open . the Baron appear as a tiny spin shape . he fly directly into the mouth of this collosal worm and be devoure . 277 . ext . steel tent - landing field - arrakeen - day a thousand fremen battle sardaukar outside the Emperor 's tent . they soon overpower they and rush into the giant steel structure . 278 . ext . landing field - arrakeen - day the entire airfield be now fill with wild worm , fremen , and dead or die sardaukar . 276 . ext . landing field - arrakeen - day Alia move dreamily among the die sardaukar . 279 . through 280 . ( deleted ) 281 . int . great hall - arrakeen palace - day Paul enter the Palace hall and the first thing he see be the giant bull 's head . the horn have be blow off and the atreide banner have be stuff and wire into the mouth . a wind moan through the Palace . Paul turn . gurney and several guard bring in the Emperor , irulan , the reverend mother , sardaukar general , guildsman , feyd and thufir . the fedaykin and fremen troops line the wall . Paul 's eye meet feyd 's -- feyd give he a evil smile . Paul turn and look at the Emperor , who stare back defiantly . Paul move he gaze to irulan , who lower she eye . he then see he old teacher , thufir hawat , whose tired eye wander helplessly . -- paul gurney ... I see thufir hawat among the captive . let he stand free . gurney my Lord ? paul let he stand free ! the Emperor turn nervously to feyd , who pass a golden dagger to thufir . feyd ( to thufir ) the antidote ... gurney ( gesture to thufir ) thufir . come . thufir approach Paul , conceal the knife . they come face to face . the Emperor seem strangely tense at this moment . Paul notice this . he look thufir over . paul ( cont 'd ) ( inner voice ) a knife .... ( out loud ) in payment of the many year of service to my family , you may know ask of I anything you wish . anything at all . ( quietly ) do you need my life , old friend ? he turn he back on he . paul ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) it be yours . thufir 's eye grow sad and wide . paul I mean this , thufir . if you be to strike , do it now . thufir 's hand rise , as jessica gasp , but the old mentat pull he heart plug out with a quick tear motion . Paul turn and catch he as he sag . his head loll back and he look up to Paul urgently . -- thufir ( cont 'd ) Three ... generation ... of you ... his breath escape he and he be dead . paul ( to the guard ) carry this noble atreide warrior away . do he all honor . the guard do as they be instruct . paul Emperor shadam the iv ... there be Guild heighliner above we contain many great house of the lansraad .... send they back ! emperor how dare you speak to I ... guildsman # 2 ( speak into electric microphone ) stop you speak !! paul ( to the guildsman ) good . you have some idea of what I would do but I will tell it to one who have never be see ... one who hide deep in the heighliner control room . he will hear it first . guildsman # 3 ( fear ) no ! Paul smile as we move closer and closer to he . 282 . int . control room - heighliner - space suddenly we be in the heighliner control room , near the floor in the chemical spill . we move up into the orange gas . thundering begin to shake the heighliner . paul ( v.o. ) where be you .... let I see you or there will be no spice . -- we move into very thick gas and there be a roaring . suddenly Paul see the third stage Navigator . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you know what I be about to say be true .... I have the power to destroy the spice forever . the Guild Navigator 's mouth stretch back in a horrible moan . the moan become more pain and grow louder and louder . 283 . int . great hall - arrakeen palace - day the guildsman in the room be moaning and scream and swarm out towards the doorway -- the fremen stop they . the Emperor and all be amaze and frighten . there be a long hush . the old reverend mother then turn and glare at Paul . paul ( cont 'd ) do not try you power on I . try look into that place where you dare not look . you will find I there stare back at you !! you bene gesserit have wait ninety generation to produce the one person you scheme require . here I stand . but ... I will never be yours . reverend mother stop he , jessica ! jessica stop he yourself . paul you see a part of what the race need in the beginning . in time you pervert the truth . you seek to control human breeding and intermix a select few accord to a selfish master plan . how little you understand . reverend mother you must not speak of ... paul ( use the Voice ) silence ! the old woman be shot backwards by the power of he shout . her breath be knock out of she . paul ( cont 'd ) I remember you gom jabbar , now you remember mine . I can kill with a word . -- a fedaykin stand forward and recite from the prophecy . fedaykin # 1 ... and he word shall carry death eternal to that who stand against the righteous . feyd hear this and be angere . feyd the righteous ! paul ( to Emperor ) there be a harkonnen among you . give the harkonnen a blade and let he stand forth . emperor if feyd wish , he can meet you with my blade in he hand . feyd I wish it . ( step forward ) gurney this be a harkonnen animal . let I , please , my Lord . paul the Emperor 's blade . feyd take up the Emperor 's blade with a smile . Paul take out he crysknife . they begin to circle each other . Paul smile , circle still . suddenly , feyd leap , he blade jabbing savagely outward , but Paul easily evade it , move away . they begin to circle again . he make another pass at Paul that come dangerously close , but again , Paul be away , a freeze smile on he face . feyd why prolong the inevitable ? I will kill you ! I will kill he ! feyd smile . he lash out bite Paul 's hand . feyd laugh in triumph . feyd leap forward jabbing , he right hip also forward . yet Paul , although a little slowly , again reel away . again , feyd thrust . -- this time Paul jab with he crysknife , but feyd move away effortlessly . feyd counter and kick Paul to the ground . chani Paul ! Paul be up instantly and he circle with feyd . feyd ( smile ) who be the little one ? a pet , perhaps ? will she deserve my special attention ? Paul jab out , he crysknife slashing . feyd grab he arm , and Paul he , the two man lock in a strain clinch . feyd press he right hip closer and closer to Paul 's body . Paul strain to keep it away . suddenly , the gom jabbar flip out of feyd 's girdle , but on the leave side , and he lunge powerfully with it at Paul , who just barely miss take it in he skin . he throw feyd back , but not before feyd 's foot strike out , send Paul to the floor . feyd leap onto he . feyd ( whisper ) you see ... you death ... my blade will finish you . suddenly , Paul , with lightning swiftness , push feyd up and over . he be on top of he in a flash . Paul 's crysknife flash up , thrust upward through feyd 's jaw . feyd 's mouth open as the knife continue up through he tongue and through to he brain . feyd 's eye go wild , then glaze over as he jerk dead on the floor . Paul slowly get to he foot , breathe heavily . anger still seethe in he , Paul issue a SOUND -- a loud , horrible , powerful sound , and feyd 's internal organ rupture and the stone floor under he crack open . the fedaykin smile . fedaykin # 2 usul no longer need the weird module . everyone stare in disbelief . Paul look to the Emperor . paul now , I will tell you how it will be . irulan shall be my wife , open the way for a atreide to take the throne . emperor I sit on the throne !! -- paul you will sit on a throne on selusa secundus , you prison planet . either that or you will die . the Emperor be still . Paul move to chani . paul ( cont 'd ) ( to chani ) the princess shall have no more of I than my name ... no child of mine or touch the softness of glance ... nor instant of desire .... this be my promise to you ... ( whisper ) ... my love . Paul turn back to the other . jessica turn to chani and whisper to she . jessica think on it chani ... we who carry the name of concubine ... history will call we wife . Alia enter with two monk . she signal and one of they place a cloak over Paul 's shoulder . paul the fremen have the word of muad'dib . they will have they Holy War to cleanse the Universe ... they will have arrakis ... dune ... they planet . there will be flow water here open to the sky and rich green oase . for the spice there will always be some desert . there will be fierce wind and trial to toughen man . we fremen have a say ... ( he stare at the reverend mother ) " God create arrakis to train the faithful . " one cannot go against the word of God . everyone in the room stare at he soundlessly . alia and how can this be ? there be three powerful drum hit . alia ( cont 'd ) for ... he be the kwisatz haderach ! -- 284 . ext . arrakeen palace - dusk Paul open he mouth and issue a ever increase wind . lightn and thunder begin . Cloud begin to form over the Palace . in the half - light of dusk , thousand of fremen watch the sky . giant golden light be illuminate and they ray shoot far into the sky illuminate the grow cloud . five tremendous bolt of lightning suddenly unleash a downpour of rain on arrakis . the fremen stand awestruck as they be drench with water fall from the sky . 285 . int . great hall - arrakeen palace - day we move through Paul 's glow blue eye into beautiful blue luminescent light . a gigantic wind arise , and suddenly appear in the blue light be a ocean of light roll like gold glass off into infinite . the blue become darker and a golden lotus flower bloom in the night . the end this script be find in inflow . it be shameless take off from somewhere else , may god , copyright owner and people who work hard and be not credit forgive we .