dunkirk by Christopher nolan D U N k I R k black screen : water slap hollow metal , metal knock creaking wood ... Super title : " D UN k ir k " fade in : Paper . falling like snow . six young , filthy tommy raise they head along a desert street , check rubbish bin , window ... one crouch to check a coiled garden hose . he try the tap - nothing ... title 1 the enemy have driven the british and french armie to the sea . one tommy pluck paper from the air ... propaganda leaflet show they position ... " you be surrounded " ... title 2 trapped at dunkirk , they await there fate . he wad the leaflet up , crouch , drop he trousers ... the Tommy with the hose carefully lift each side ... title 3 hoping for deliverance . he get a tiny dribble of water which he lick from the nozzle - title 4 for a MIRACLE . blamblamblam !- Tommy jolt , grab he trousers - all six race away from we , towards a fence twenty yard away - one by one five be shot down - the survivor climb the fence - gunfire burst through the fence , ten feet away - Tommy try to reload he rifle - finger struggling with the Magazine , training forget - gunfire splinter the fence , five feet away - Tommy thrust he index finger into the breach of he rifle again and again , scraping skin - a round jump into the chamber - gunfire three feet away - Tommy try once , twice - slide the bolt forward - ( continued ) continued : gunfire right next to he - Tommy spin around , fire blind until empty , scramble out the back - he race down narrow dunkirk street . breathing . kit jangling ... building after building ... he round a corner - blam ! bullet hit dirt and brick near he - the street ahead be barricade , manned by french troops - tommy anglais ! anglais ! the french stop fire and wave he through . he scramble over they sandbag barricade , take in they dirty , frighten face as he pass ... a french soldier grab he - french soldier allez , anglais . Tommy 's mouth open at the man 's bitterness . french soldier ( contempt ) ( cont 'd ) bon voyage . he shove Tommy down the street behind they protection . gunfire behind - Tommy take off again - hurtling down the dark street , head towards the blazing light of - ext . beach at malo les bain - continuous the longest , widest beach he 's ever see , sunlight dazzling off the water - Endless dark fence snake across the sand and out into the water - Tommy squint - not fence - line of men - hundred of thousand of men ... Tommy look around , clutching he stomach . he clamber over a dune , feverishly undoing he belt , drop trousers and squatting before he realize - he 's not alone - another soldier , british army shirt undone , sweat with the labour of burying a body . this be gibson . the other man notice Tommy , but barely pause . Tommy finish , pull up he trousers and move towards he . ( continued ) continued : Tommy help scoop sand over the body . Tommy notice the corpse 's stockinged feet , then watch Gibson stoop to tie he boot ... Gibson look up at he . Tommy shrug , gesture for Gibson 's water can . Gibson hand it over and Tommy take a swig , carefully catch drop in he hand , then licking they off he palm . Tommy leave Gibson buttone he shirt and head back onto the beach . there be destroyer out on the water , too far to reach . Tommy wander down to join one of the long , snake line which extend into the sea , soldier up to they chest in water , waiting patiently for ship which do not move . the man at the back turn to Tommy , unwelcome . point at he own insignia . man grenadier , mate . Tommy move off . look around at other impossibly long line . at the unattainable ship . futile . a line of stretcher bearer come past , carry wounded man along the beach towards the harbour ... look where they be head , Tommy see a long , narrow breakwater extend out into the sea , pack with soldier . a hospital ship at the end of it . this breakwater extend a kilometer into the sea . it be call the mole . Super title : 1 . the mole one week Tommy become aware of the sound of distant aircraft . Soldiers peer up into the sky ... male voice ( 0.s. ) dive bomber ! Tommy spot the distinctive kinked wing of the notorious stuka dive bomber - its nightmarish howl rising as it pick up speed , diving at the beach ... the line of man instantly vanish - soldier scatter back to the dune , burrowing into the sand ... the first bomb lift sand into the air - ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) the stretcher bearer put down they load , lie across they , protect they as the area be hammered ... the first stuka pull out of its dive , revealing two more stukas diving - there be nine more about to follow ... Tommy see a soldier lie on he back , rifle aimed at the sky , firing defiantly , desperately at the attack plane ... the ground around he lift into the air with the second wave of bomb . Tommy bury he face in the sand as the bomb blast and blast and blast - the explosion stop . Tommy lift he head . boom - another wave of bomb explode in series up the beach . then , finally , quiet . Tommy rise ... the stretcher bearer , back on they foot , lift they burden ( four bearer per stretcher , one at each corner ) several stretcher be leave behind on the sand . Soldiers on the beach watch in despair as one of the destroyer be slip below the water , smoke billow . male voice ( cont 'd ) where' the bloody AIR force ?! CUT to : ext . english coast , weymouth harbour - morning a lanky youth run down to the mast of the crowded harbour ... he race along the wooden dock , jump over rope as he rush to a large yacht , the moonstone . super title : 2 . the sea one day the youth , GEORGE ( 17 ) , leap from the dock into the well - two naval officer emerge from the cabin , push past . George watch they go , confuse ... mr.dawson ( 50' , civilian dress ) hand George a stack of china plate and duck back inside . a second young man , peter ( 19 ) , emerge , carry box - peter navy 's requisition she - there 's some man across the channel , at dunkirk , need take off . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : peter ( cont 'd ) ( point at dock ) they tell we to strip she and load that life jacket . George look along at the dock . at a pile of hundred of life jacket . George look at peter. surprise . GEORGE some man ? peter navy will be back in a hour . my dad want to be ready before then ... CUT to : ext . sky - day moving through billowy peak , three sleek , beautiful spitfire streak into frame . elegant . in confident formation . super title : 3 . the AIR one hour int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous the pilot , farrier , have a light touch on the control . he check he leave and right , scan the sky . voice on radio check fuel , fortis 1 and 2 . farrier reach forward to he fuel gauge , push the button beside it - the needle shoot up to 3 / 4 full . farrier 70 gallon . int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous the pilot , collin , check he fuel gauge - collin 68 gallon , fortis leader . fortis leader ( over radio ) stay down at 500ft to leave fuel for 40 minute fight time over dunkirk . collin understood . vector 128 , angel point five . 10 int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 7 farrier check he chart . fortis leader keep a eye on that gauge , even when it get lively - save enough to get back . with a glance at he fuel gauge , farrier pull on the stick - ext . sky - continuous 8 the three plane bank leave in perfect harmony as we - CUT to : ext . beach at LA panne - late afternoon 9 Tommy look down at several patient on stretcher leave behind , bearer dead or disappear ... one of they groans . still alive . Tommy look around - Gibson be there . they grab the stretcher and hustle down the beach towards the mole ... ext . base of the mole - continuous 10 a warrant officer try to keep order as man line up to start the shuffle out along the 8 foot wide concrete mole . the line of stretcher bearer approach ... from the base all you can see be the the back of helmete head queuing out onto the narrow breakwater the warrant Officer see the stretcher , wave they past - warrant officer along the mole . all the way , she 's leave - a ships's whistle - warrant officer ( cont 'd ) that 's it - ( he turn ) make way ! make way ! the stretcher bearer squeeze past ... 11 12 13 14 15 ext . beach - continuous 11 Tommy and Gibson hear the ship' whistle . they start running with the stretcher , head for the base of the mole ... ext . base of the mole - continuous 12 the warrant Officer address a group of french soldier - warrant officer no french ! non francaise - seulement anglaise ! english only , you'll have you own ship ! Tommy and Gibson arrive , panting . the warrant Officer look at they . the ship' whistle - the warrant Officer point up - warrant officer ( cont 'd ) that 's two minute - you have miss it . he turn back to arguing with the french ... Tommy push forward with the stretcher - soldier try to let he through on the narrow mole - the warrant Officer , see Tommy , just shake he head . ext . hospital ship - continuous 13 stretcher be load up the gangplank onto the deck of the ship , supervise by a petty Officer . he check he watch , then look along the mole at the remain stretcher ... ext . the mole - continuous 14 Tommy weave along the mole , squeezing past the mass of troops jam the breakwater ... Tommy lean out over the edge where the rail be missing , a 20ft drop to the churn water ... Gibson follow , echoing Tommy 's route and foot ... ext . hospital ship - continuous 15 the last of the line of stretcher be carefully , awkwardly raise up from the mole onto the deck of the ship . the petty Officer speak urgently to the last stretcher bearer . petty officer last ? the stretcher bearer nods , too breathless to speak , then follow he colleague back down off the ship - ( continued ) 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 continued : a explosion hit the water nearby - everyone hit the deck as shell impact the water ext . the mole - continuous Tommy be pulled up short as Gibson stumble - a 109 strafe the length of the mole with gunfire - soldier hit the deck , several be hit ... Gibson struggle up - CUT to : ext . weymouth harbour - day Peter and George rush thing off the boat - then start load the orange life preserver mr.dawson look up from he chart to see naval officer and crew come along the harbor , assign crew member to boat ... Peter follow he gaze - int . moonstone - continuous Peter burst into the cabin , stack life vest - ext . moonstone - continuous the pile of life vest on the dock shrink ... Mr. Dawson watch the Naval man come closer ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous farrier lightly brushes he finger over the dashboard . collin ( over radio ) dunkirk 's so far , why can not they load at calais ? farrier look over at he wing mate , collin ( fortis 2 ) fortis leader ( over radio ) the enemy have something to say about it . int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous Collins scan the sky above ... collin down here we be sit duck . ( continued ) 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 21 22 23 24 25 continued : 21 fortis leader ( over radio ) keep ‘em peel . they will come out of the sun . int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 22 farrier look around into the blind sun ... CUT to : ext . hospital ship - continuous 23 the petty Officer bark order at the crew - petty officer man the bow line ! ready on the stern ! troops stick down on the mole below look resentfully at the ship prepare to depart . one soldier call up - soldier any more room ? the petty Officer glare down at he . ext . the mole - continuous 24 Tommy break through a tight crowd of soldier and stop . in front of he be a jag chasm . one narrow plank laid across it . the drop be fifteen foot to rock and concrete below - the ship whistle sound - Tommy stare - soldier take a run at it ! Tommy glance at the soldier who speak . look back at Gibson - tommy one , two , three ! Tommy bolt across , pure concentration , the plank bowing and bouncing as he cross the middle , Gibson follow - Tommy 's foot slip - he almost go over , rights himself - helpful arm grab they as they hit the other side , a couple of cheer from the crowd - Tommy plough on - ext . hospital ship - continuous 25 Tommy pass the stretcher bearer come back down the mole , one of they move to help but Tommy shake he head , push past ... the petty Officer gesture at he man to pull the gangplanks - ( continued ) 25 26 10 . continued : 25 petty officer pull the gangplanks ! Tommy and Gibson arrive at the end of the mole - tommy oi ! a gangplank be shove back down - they struggle up it with the stretcher ... when they make it to the deck they practically drop they burden , gasping for breath . orderly take the stretcher below . Tommy and Gibson look around for a place to perch , catch they breath ... CUT to : ext . moonstone - continuous 26 Mr. Dawson see the Naval officer step onto they dock - mr . dawson ready on the stern line . George hop onto the dock , unty the stern line . stop . look at the approach officer . then back to Mr. Dawson - GEORGE be not you wait for the navy ? Mr. Dawson start the engine . Peter jump down onto the boat with the bow rope ... mr . dawson they have ask for the moonstone , they will have she . with she Captain . peter and he son . the boat move off - Peter look to catch the line from George - peter ( cont 'd ) thanks for the help , George . who , instead , jump onto the stern , to Peter 's surprise . peter ( cont 'd ) you know where we be go ? GEORGE France . ( continued ) 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 11 . continued : mr . dawson into war , George . GEORGE I will be useful , sir . mr.dawson look at George . pushes the throttle forward and they motor out of the harbour into the English Channel ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - day Collins spot something - int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day farrier spot the me109 coming out of the SUN - farrier bandit - eight o'clock . fortis leader ( over radio ) break . ext . sky over english channel - continuous the three spitfire dart away from each other - the german plane take the leave one ( Collins ) , hurtling down - int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous Collins dive , rolling , glance back - collin he 's on I ! int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous farrier bank around , lining up on Collins ' pursuer - farrier and I be on he - CUT to : ext . hospital ship - evening Tommy and Gibson shuffle around the deck , look for a spot to settle ... the able seaman man the gangplank call over - able seamen you two , get a shift on ! Tommy reluctantly follow Gibson onto the plank . 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 12 . ext . the mole - continuous 33 as he shuffles down the gangplank he look over at the thousand queuing on the mole ... a second lieutenant on the mole wave Tommy along - second lieutenant off you go ! back up the line ! as Tommy step off the plank he hear a noise - Gibson , finger to he lip , " shush " , be crouch in the crisscross structure below the mole where he can not be see by the officer on top . he beckon Tommy to join he .. petty officer that last barrage damage the rudder the second Lieutenant turn to the petty Officer - Tommy slip down beside Gibson - second lieutenant tie up again while we try to fix it . they settle in on the beam just above the water line ... CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - morning 34 Mr. Dawson come to the back of the well , fit the tiller , to steer from outside . Peter at he side . George , on the bow , look across at several Naval vessel on the same course . suddenly he spot a bomber overhead - GEORGE Mr . Dawson ! Mr. Dawson 's eye do not leave he course - mr . dawson one of ours , George . George look up as the plane , a blenheim bomber pass over look down to he leave - a fishing trawler bob along . further back down the convoy he see a thame paddle steamer . a destroyer approach from the opposite direction . as George peer , he start to make out shape of man on the deck . the destroyer pass close enough that George can see that the boat be packed with soldier . weary , bedraggle , dispirite soldier . George stare at the haunt face . ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 13 . continued : 34 as the moonstone ride over the wake of the destroyer , a ominous boom reverberate in the distance . too sudden for thunder , the boom multiply into a distant barrage ... Mr. Dawson come forward , draw by the sound . he stare at the horizon - distant black smoke precisely where they be head . more boom . Mr. Dawson look at George . who be scare . he put he hand on he shoulder . nod reassuringly . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 35 farrier concentrate , try to angle he plane at the tail of the I 109 ahead ... but the german plane keep pull out of he sight , turn right , pull ge , roll ... farrier on my mark - draw he leave , fortis 2 ... 3 , 2 ,1 , mark - int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 36 Collins pull hard leave , roll up and leave as tracer FIRE streak past - int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 37 farrier watch the I 109 cut leave to follow Collins - he push the button on he stick to strafe the plane with he cannon ... smoke start trail from the german plane - farrier clear . ext . sky over english channel - continuous 38 the I 109 trail heavy smoke as it tip towards the water ... int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 39 Collins straighten out - try to look back - collin be he down ? int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 40 farrier watch the I 109 smash into the water , break up in a fiery mess - farrier down for the count - tracer FIRE smashes into farrier 's plane , sparking inside and out - farrier bank hard right as a second 109 streak away - he straighten up - ( continued ) 40 41 14 . continued : 40 farrier ( cont 'd ) fortis leader , one bandit down ... ( nothing ) fortis leader , do you read ? nothing . farrier look around - spot a spitfire - farrier ( cont 'd ) fortis 2 , I have you to port - no eye on fortis leader . over. collin ( over radio ) understood , fortis 1 . orbit for a look ... farrier look all around as he pull right on the stick ... CUT to : ext . the mole - evening 41 eerie quiet . Tommy and Gibson sit in the structure , unseen , listen ... commander bolton check progress on board the hospital ship . commander bolton how long , Lieutenant ? lieutenant we need to run a new cable , sir . they be scramble . Commander bolton turn to Colonel winnant , the army representative . commander bolton Colonel , you be go to have to decide how many more wounded to evacuate ... one stretcher take the space of seven stand man . Colonel winnant take this in . Tommy crouch lower as he see a launch approach ... a high ranking officer be help up the ladder onto the mole . commander bolton ( salute ) ( cont 'd ) rear Admiral . rear admiral Commander . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . 41 continued : 41 rear admiral ( cont 'd ) ( to Colonel winnant ) at ease , Colonel . how 's the perimeter ? Colonel winnant gesture towards the smoke- shroud town - colonel winnant shrink every day . but between we rear guard and the french ... we be hold the line . and the enemy tank have stop . commander bolton why ? colonel winnant waste precious tank , when you can pick we off from the air , like fish in a barrel ? commander bolton how long do London expect the army to hold out before we make term ? the rear Admiral look sharply at the idea . rear admiral make term ? they be not stop here . we need to get we army back . the rear Admiral point across the dark water ... rear admiral ( cont 'd ) Britain 's next . then the world . Commander bolton put he field glass to he face - commander bolton Christ , you can almost see it from here ... colonel winnant what ? commander bolton Home . ( turn to the town ) what about the french ? rear admiral publicly , churchill 's tell they " bras dessous " ( off look ) Arm in arm . leave together ( continued ) 41 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 41 colonel winnant and privately ? rear admiral we need we army back . colonel winnant how many man be they talk about ? rear admiral churchill want 30,000 . ramsay 's hope we can give he 45 . Commander bolton look out at the mass of humanity . commander bolton there be 400 thousand man on this beach , sir . down below , Tommy take this in . every man for himself . rear admiral we will just have to do we best . bolton straighten up . commander bolton right , this mole stay open at all cost . bolton point at the funnel and mast of sunken ship - commander bolton ( cont 'd ) we be in range of artillery from the west - anything else sink out here the mole 's block and we be stuff . rear admiral can not we load from the beach ? colonel winnant better than stand out here when the dive bomber come . commander bolton impossible . the rear Admiral look at the line of man on the beach . rear admiral too shallow . commander bolton anything draft more than three foot can not get near . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 42 17 . continued : ( 3 ) 41 commander bolton ( cont 'd ) we do not have enough small boat to ferry man out to the destroyer . the rear Admiral nod . rear admiral the mole it be , then , gentleman . CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - day 42 Mr. Dawson be on the bow , peer ahead . the distant smoke be closer , small shape in the sky move above distant ship accompany by thunderous boom ... much nearer : a shape . a wreck . upside down . Mr. Dawson move quickly down the yacht to the well and take the helm , throttling back . he gesture for Peter to head to the bow . the moonstone approach the wreck . body surround the overturn hull . crouched on the hull - a soldier . mr.dawson reverse the screw , slow to a crawl . Peter stare out at the shivering soldier . peter can you swim it ? the shiver soldier stare back at Peter . Peter look back at mr.dawson - peter ( cont 'd ) can you get closer ? Mr. Dawson look down the side of the boat , consider . mr . dawson can not risk it ! mr.dawson turn to George . mr.dawson ( cont 'd ) take Peter a line . George grab a coiled rope and head up to the bow . Peter take the rope from George - peter I will throw you a line ! ( continued ) 42 43 44 18 . continued : 42 the shiver soldier look up at he , blank . Peter toss the line . it hit the water several foot in front of the soldier who stare at it . Peter gather the line , then toss it again - the shiver soldier spring for it , grabbing it and hanging on as Peter and George reel he in , pull he around to the stern ladder . he be too exhaust to make it up the ladder , so they grab he shirt , pull he into the well . George grab a blanket and put it around the soldier 's shoulder . Mr. Dawson glance at the soldier , then reverse from the wreck the way he come in , and steer wide around the visible portion of the wreck once the water ahead be open , mr.dawson speed up , head again for the dark smoke of dunkirk . CUT to : ext . sky above the english channel - day 43 the two spitfire arc around the wreckage of the I 109 ... int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 44 farrier spot something - farrier wreckage below . he head low over the wreckage ... collin ( over radio ) more of the 109 ? farrier bank , look down - spot a half submerge tail - clearly raf - farrier no , it 's fortis leader , over . collin do you think he get out ? farrier do not see a ' chute . farrier straighten up . consider . ( continued ) 44 45 46 47 19 . continued : 44 farrier ( cont 'd ) record he position , then set head 128 , height ... 1,000 , over . collin vector 128 , angel 1 . understood . farrier reach forward , push the button by he fuel gauge ... nothing . the glass be cracked . he tap it with he glove . nothing . farrier fortis 2 , what 's you fuel ? int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 45 Collins check he gauge . collin fifty gallon , over . int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 46 farrier take this down with a grease pencil ... farrier keep let I know - my gauge take a knock back there , over collin should you turn back ? farrier methodically check he other gauge and switch ... check the responsiveness of rudder , aerilon ... farrier I be confident it 's just the gauge . farrier glance at he pencil mark , set the bezel on he watch . he tap he gauge one more time . nothing . CUT to : ext . the mole - evening 47 bolton watch the rear Admiral motor away in he launch - the engine noise fade to be replace by - a familiar , dread sound be building . stukas . the man on the mole look up at the sky . from high above we see how trap and expose this line of man stretch a kilometer into the sea really be . ( continued ) 47 20 . continued : 47 restless , the soldier look behind and in front . there 's simply nowhere to go . the awful whine build . then change pitch as the bomber go into they dive . boomboomboomboomboom ! the bomb impact the sea either side of the mole - soldier crouch as low as they can - the onslaught be endless , terrible and inescapable ... boom ! a direct hit to the Hospital ship - the stukas have go . scream and shout - people start jumping over the side of the hospital ship onto the mole ... voice she 's go down ! she' go under ! g g Commander bolton shout at the man man the line - commander bolton CUT her loose ! the crew be jump off the side , the burn ship be sinking - sub-lieutenant what about the wounded ? commander bolton cut she loose , and push she off ! we can not let she sink at the mole ! the man cast she off and push she off - Crew member and orderly leap from the deck into the water - the bow of the blazing , sinking ship drift away from the mole ... Tommy and Gibson pull soldier up onto the beam of the mole ... as the bow come around , the stern scrape along the wooden piling , splintering they in its path - a flailing soldier be in its path , try to swim free - the steel hulk be about to crush he - Tommy grab he by the shoulder and yank with all he might pull he clear just as the hull grind against the wood - Tommy look down on the breathless , wet soldier . the wet soldier focus on Tommy . this be alex . he nod thanks . Tommy nod back . ( continued ) 47 48 49 50 21 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 Commander bolton watch the ship slip down into the wave . CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - day 48 Mr. Dawson be back at the helm . the shiver soldier sit in the well , blanket over he shoulder . stare at the deck . George watch he , then lean forward - GEORGE come below - it 's out of the wind . the shiver soldier glance at the companionway . shake he head . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) really - it 's warmer . George reach out for the shiver soldier 's arm - who smack it away - mr . dawson leave he , George . George look up at the Commander mr.dawson ( cont 'd ) he feel safer on deck . you would too if you would be bomb - shivering soldier u-boat . it be a U -boat . peter get he some tea , George . George dart downstairs . useful . CUT to : ext . sky over english channel - day 49 the two spitfire head towards the massive black smoke hang over the distant port of dunkirk . there be many different ship and boat of all size in the water in front of they ... int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 50 Collins push the button to check the fuel gauge - collin 40 gallon , fortis 1. over . 51 52 53 54 22 . int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 51 farrier instinctively look at he gauge . nothing . farrier 40 gallon , understand . farrier pull out a grease pencil and note fuel and time . farrier ( cont 'd ) we be about five minute out - climb to 2,000 . collin ( over radio ) that 's more fuel . farrier I do not want to get jump again . get some altitude , dive down on the bastard . over . collin ( over radio ) understood . angel two , over farrier pull back on the stick - ext . sky over english channel - continuous 52 the spitfire rise gloriously into higher air ... CUT to : ext . the mole - evening 53 Commander bolton look over at the wet soldier cling to the understructure of the mole . commander bolton ( 0.s. ) right , highlander . let 's find you another ship . the wet soldier pull themselves to they foot ... Tommy , watch by Alex , slip into the water , then pull himself out , drip . Gibson follow suit . Alex laugh at they ... then help they push into the group ... they follow the wet soldier up onto the mole , where bolton 's man shepherd they onto a launch . ext . launch - continuous 54 Tommy and Gibson make themselves inconspicuous amongst the highlander , eye down . as the launch pull away from the mole , Tommy glance back at the man lining the breakwater ( continued ) 54 55 56 23 . continued : 54 he launch motor out of the harbour . t approach a destroyer , its sheer iron side towering above he launch , as it bob up and down alongside . 1 I t cargo nets be drop over the side , and the man start to step up onto the rail of the bobbing ship , wait for the rhythmic movement towards the iron wall - grabbing at the rope mesh , struggling to pull themselves up . ommy step up to the railing , next to a exhausted soldier ho can barely lift himself up - Tommy grab he shoulder to teady he on the rail as the launch bounce off the iron all of the destroyer - he exhaust soldier have not get he foot into the netting , e slip lower ... he gap between the launch and the destroyer shrink to T wi 's wi they both grab at the net , Tommy climb up - 1 h T nothing - the soldier 's leg be crushed between the two oblivious craft - he scream - hand pull he up as the craft separate ... ext . destroyer - continuous 55 the man collapse onto the deck in exhaust pile . sailor and nurse urge they to move below deck . sailor down below . come on , mate - Tommy follow Alex and he mate to a doorway at the head of the stair down below . a nurse be stand there . nurse come on , boy . there 's a nice cup of tea for you down there . this way , come on . int . destroyer - continuous 56 Tommy start down the stair - Gibson have stop at the top look down into the stairwell . nurse come on , down you go - Gibson , shaking he head , step back Alex see this - turn to follow Tommy into the crowd in the hold . they be hand a cup of tea each and a hunk of bread . 24 . 57 ext . destroyer - continuous 57 out on deck , Gibson sit by the companionway in the gather dark as the ship get underway ... 58 int . hold , destroyer - continuous 58 down below , Tommy and Alex eat and drink hungrily and gratefully . between bite , Alex gesture to the stair . alex what 's wrong with you friend ? Tommy watch the door to the hold close . take another bite . uneasy . look around the hold , packed like the tube at rush hour . tommy look for a quick way out . in case we go down . Tommy and Alex edge through the crowd towards the stair ... CUT to : 59 ext . moonstone , english channel - day 59 George hand the shiver soldier a steaming mug of tea . the boom start reverberate again . the shiver soldier glance up . realize something ... shivering soldier where be we go ? mr . dawson dunkirk . shivering soldier no , we be go to England ! mr . dawson we have to go to dunkirk first . shivering soldier i'm not go back ! Peter watch from the companionway . the shiver soldier throw he arm out at the dark cloud on the horizon - shivering soldier ( cont 'd ) look at it ! we go there we will die ! mr.dawson look at the shiver soldier . calm . ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 63 25 . continued : 59 mr . dawson I see you point , son . take you tea below and warm up while we plot a course . the shiver soldier consider this . then take he blanket and head down the companionway . Peter help he down below . int . cabin , moonstone - continuous 60 Peter open the door to the forepeak and sit the shiver soldier down on a narrow bunk peter I will get you some more tea . Peter shut the door . look at the bolt . consider . ext . moonstone - continuous 61 George look up at the Commander . address he with the tone of a child try to speak like a grow up ... GEORGE be he a coward ? mr.dawson look sharply at George . mr.dawson he 's shell - shocked , George . he 's not himself . he may never be himself again . int . cabin , moonstone - moment later 62 Peter hand the shiver soldier a cup of tea . the shiver soldier accept it wordlessly . stare in front of he . Peter close the forepeak door . pause . Peter gently slide the bolt , locking the door . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 63 farrier look down at the mass of ship and boat pass each other - there be the minesweeper , castor , every inch of she deck cover with troops - collin ( over radio ) heinkel , 11 @'clock , lining up to drop she load on that minesweeper - farrier 's head snap around - spot the german bomber - farrier fighter ? 64 65 66 67 68 69 26 . int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 64 Collins peer down - scan around the heinkel bomber for its fighter escort ... spot - collin 109' - off she starboard - farrier ( over radio ) I be on the bomber . Collins push forward into a dive ... ext . sky over english channel - continuous 65 spitfire 2 dive at the german fighter , cannon blasting ... spitfire 1 dive at the german bomber , cannon blasting ... int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 66 farrier have the heinkel in he sight , buck and weaving as he spitfire slice down through turbulent air ... he push the button on the stick which control he gun ... he roll away from the heinkel as he dive beneath it , take he finger off the trigger , fight the ge with he neck as he pull out of the dive ... int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 67 Collins fire at one of the 109 's until he see smoke trail - he dive between the german plane ... int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 68 farrier scan he surroundings as he try to orient himself relative to the heinkel ... find it , he pull the stick , lining up for another run at it , this time from below ... the bomber be in he sight - he fire he gun ... he flash past - dangerously close to its top turret which hurl tracer bullet at he - he see sparking on the hull of the bomber - int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 69 come around - start to climb - Collins see the heinkel veer off course , head away from the minesweeper - collin she 's turn - you must have damage she . ( continued ) 69 70 71 72 27 . continued : 69 farrier ( over radio ) where 's the escort ? collin I get one of - blamblamblam !!! cannon fire rip into spitfire 2 - Collins yank the stick but it 's too late ... flame leap from the fuselage ... collin ( cont 'd ) I be go down . farrier ( over radio ) I be on he - bail out . Collins check he parachute , open the canopy , the wind howl inside the cockpit - he survey the water below - slide he canopy shut again . collin the swell look good , I be ditching . CUT to : int . hold , destroyer - night 70 the munching and slurping of starve soldier . the engine kick into gear as the destroyer start to move - a cheer go up around the hundred of man in the hold ... ext . destroyer - continuous 71 up on deck , Gibson watch several row boat head towards they - hearing the engine , they start shout - male voice wait ! wait for we ! Gibson spot white water on the black sea - a wake - male voice ( 0.s. ) torpedo ! a explosion lift water at the side of the ship - int . hold , destroyer - continuous 72 the cheer stop - booooom shudder the suddenly fragile iron wall of the hold - massive percussion of wobbling metal sheet - 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 28 . ext . destroyer - continuous a blast that move every bolt of the destroyer - int . hold , destroyer - continuous anyone stand be thrown off there feet - ext . destroyer - continuous a vast plume of FIRE explode up and out of the funnel - the deck blast apart - int . hold , destroyer - continuous men scream as the iron plate of the wall buckle - a glimpse of water blasting in - the light go out - complete darkness ... SOUND of men scream barely audible over the SOUND of blasting water and bending metal - ext . destroyer - continuous the ship list - rapidly sinking - the row boat pull away , hard - gibson prepare to jump - glance back at the close door to the hold - jump back - open the door - int . hold , destroyer - continuous blackness - the dim light of the OPEN door become a beacon - tommy spot gibson waving - tommy and alex claw there way up the step as the entire ship goe under - ext . destroyer - continuous tommy and alex burst free of the door as it sink beneath the wave and - they pull away from the disappearing ship with the strength born of absolute desperation ... CUT to : 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 29 . ext . moonstone , english channel - day 80 George hear plane behind they - he look up - three spitfire in confident formation sweep overhead ... Mr. Dawson keep he eye on the black smoke ahead of they . mr. dawson spitfire , George . greatest plane ever build . George smile . then look quizzical - GEORGE you do not even look . mr . dawson roll royce merlin engine . sweetest sound you could hear out here . int . cabin , moonstone - continuous 81 Peter be fold a chart . a click sound catch he attention ... the handle of the forepeak door be be rattle from the other side . Peter freeze , uncertain what to do ... bang - the rattles become bang - shivering soldier ( 0.s. ) hello ?! anyone there ?! Peter put the chart down , take a step towards the door - bang ! shivering soldier ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) OPEN up , dammit ! Peter freeze . turn back to the companionway - ext . moonstone - continuous 82 Peter poke he head out - mr.dawson look at he , quizzical - peter he want to come out - the bang and shout of the shiver soldier continue - mr . dawson what do you do ? lock he in ? Peter be at a loss - mr.dawson ( cont 'd ) let he out , for God 's sake ! 83 84 85 86 30 . int . cabin , moonstone - continuous 83 Peter come down the companionway , reluctantly approach the banging , rattling door ... the banging stop ... Peter reach up to the bolt , brace , gently slide it back ... open the door - the forepeak be empty ... Peter rush in spot the open forward hatch ... ext . moonstone , continuous 84 Mr. Dawson lean down to try and see in the cabin - shivering soldier ( 0.s. ) you have not turn around ! Mr. Dawson turn calmly to the shiver soldier mr . dawson no . we have a job to do . shivering soldier job ? this be a pleasure yacht ! you be weekend sailor , not the bloody navy -! a man you age - mr . dawson Men my age dictate this war . why be we allow to send we child to fight it ? shivering soldier you should be at home ! mr . dawson there will not be any home if we allow this slaughter across the channel . there 's no hide from this . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 85 farrier chase the 109 as it circle around on Collins ... int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - day 86 Collins glance out at he burn wing - check he altimeter - check he canopy be lock in the half - open position - lower ... 87 88 89 90 91 31 . int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 87 farrier fire at the 109 , chase he off - farrier he 's turn tail , I be after he - int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 88 Collins check he belt be tight - check the release pin on he harness - collin good luck . watch you fuel ... ( read ) Fifteen gallon . check he mae West , puffing into the inflate tube - lower ... int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 89 farrier grease pencil the read on the chart - farrier Fifteen gallon , understand ... int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 90 farrier ( over radio ) ... best of luck , Collins . Collins check wind direction - check wave direction on the surface of the water - lower ... turn , lining up along the the wave as he descend ... lower ... the water rush by blindingly fast ... int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 91 farrier watch spitfire 2 carve gracefully across the water before come to a stop , float . farrier spot a civilian yacht head for Collins ... ( continued ) 91 92 32 . continued : 91 he see Collins ' hand stick out of the canopy , waving ... he tip he wing at Collins - turn away , look ahead , chase the 109 towards dunkirk ... CUT to : ext . water , just outside dunkirk harbour - night 92 Tommy and Alex , life jacket on , swim on the swell , body and burn wreckage all around . fuel burning on the surface of the water . Tommy and Alex pull for a overloaded row boat . Tommy grab the side , try to climb - he 's pushed off by the man inside - male voice piss off - it 's too crowded ! Alex be grabbing at the rail as well - alex you can not leave we ! make some room - soldier ( 0.s. ) you man , leave off . you will capsize the boat - it 's go over twice on the way out here ... Tommy look at the soldier . it be the shiver soldier not yet shivering . in full control of he facultie . soldier ( cont 'd ) you have to stay calm . there be plenty of boat . alex calm ?! wait till you get torpedoed , then tell we to be calm ! soldier you have life jacket ? male voice yeah , they do . soldier do not panic , the water 's not too rough , or too cold . we be head back to the beach - male voice fuck off ! let 's go to dover several voice join in . ( continued ) 92 93 33 . continued : 92 soldier we can not make it across the channel on this , lad . we need to get back to the beach and wait for another ride . ( gesture ) it 's not even half a mile . you man in the water float here , save you strength , we will come back for you . the man start row . Gibson be in the back . Alex spot he . Gibson quietly drop the rear painter ( a small rope attach to the stern ) into the black water Alex take it , hand part of it to Tommy and they quietly drag behind the boat as it row in to the shore ... the man in the rear notice , but nobody say anything ... as the dawn break , the small , pack boat pull across the calm water to the vast , pack beach at dunkirk . CUT to : ext . moonstone - day 93 the shiver soldier step up to Mr. Dawson - shivering soldier what be it you think you can do out there ?! on this thing ?! mr . dawson not just we . the call go out - we will not be the only one to answer shivering soldier you don't even have gun ! mr . dawson do you have a gun ? shivering soldier course . a rifle . 303. mr . dawson do it help you against the dive bomber ? or the u-boat ? the shiver soldier glare at mr.dawson . shivering soldier you be a old fool . and you be go to die if you do not turn around . ( continued ) 93 94 95 34 . continued : 93 the boom echo . closer now . shivering soldier ( cont 'd ) we be turn around , now ! the shiver soldier step towards mr.dawson . scream at the top of he lung - shivering soldier ( cont 'd ) turn it around ! turn it around ! - Peter , hearing this , make he way back from the bow - the shiver soldier grab the wheel - George grab he shoulder - the shiver soldier smashes he elbow into George 's face , send he fly backward down the companionway - Peter pull the shiver soldier away from the wheel . peter calm it down , mate . the shiver soldier look at he , shocked . confused . Peter call down the companionway - peter ( cont 'd ) George ? nothing . peter ( cont 'd ) George ?! nothing . the shiver soldier watch as Peter climb down to find - int . cabin , moonstone - continuous 94 George , sprawle out at the foot of the step , on he back quietly groaning , bleeding from the back of the head . Peter grab a life jacket and put it behind George 's head . peter it 's okay . you be okay . it 's okay . George blink at Peter . frightened . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 95 farrier chase the 109 , gradually close ... ( continued ) 95 96 35 . continued : 95 up ahead - a convoy of ship be gather around the entrance to the harbour ... farrier pass over a fishing trawler with a blue cabin , cover with soldier , strangely low in the water , water washing across its deck ... he look up ahead to the 109 , just come into range ... he spot german plane in the distance , head towards he ... he sight the 109 ... fire a short burst ... nothing ... he remembers he fuel gauge ... - pointlessly push the button next to the crack gauge . no response . farrier check he position on he chart . check the last fuel read he grease- pencile ... know he should turn around - farrier sight the 109 , banking slightly to bring it across he sight ... farrier fire - the 109 start smoking , dropping - farrier spin around - turning away from the approach plane , heading for dover ... for home . as he pass over the sink blue trawler , he see man jump into the water , swim for a destroyer nearby ... in he rear view mirror ; the enemy plane approach ... farrier look at he crack fuel gauge ... thinking ... CUT to : ext . beach at zydecote ( 7 mile east of dunkirk ) - dawn 96 the surf have pick up since yesterday ... Tommy , Gibson , Alex lie on the beach , sleep as the light come up on a stormy day . in the distance , towards the dark smoke of dunkirk , the line of man extend into the sea . nearby , small group of soldier attempt to climb onto small vessel - rowboat be be swamped and overturned in the surf , overcrowded boat be ground on the sand - male voice right . Three of you out , or the rest 's stick . ( continued ) 96 97 98 36 . continued : 96 Soldiers give up they place . some head back out of the surf . some wade out past the break ... ext . beach at malo les bain - continuous 97 Colonel winnant walk the beach , surveying . he approach a group of engineer drive truck onto the sand , take the air out of they tire , lay duckboard on top ... engineer ( brightly ) a pier . when the water come back in . tide 's turn , now . Colonel winnant look out at the churn water . colonel winnant how can you tell ? engineer ( quietly ) the body come back Colonel winnant look out at the water - man in line , chest deep , gently push float body aside as they wash in . ext . beach at zydecote - continuous 98 Tommy bang a tin of vegetable on a rock . it spring a leak and he suck the juice . Gibson hold out he hand . Tommy keep suck for a beat or two , then hand it over . Tommy watch vanquisher load troops from the vast crowd lining the mole . despair . Alex open he eye and sit up . spot some highlanders walk past , away from dunkirk in loose formation ... alex hey ! highlander ! Tommy watch as Alex get to he foot , head over to he regimental comrade . alex ( cont 'd ) what 's that way ? highlander1 ( point ) a boat . Alex follow he gesture to a fishing trawler with a blue cabin , list in the shallow a mile up the beach . alex she 's ground . ( continued ) 98 99 37 . continued : 98 highlander2 not when the tide come in , she be not . Tommy and Gibson be already on they foot . Alex nod at they as they follow the highlander down the beach towards the ground trawler ... CUT to : int . cabin , moonstone - day 99 Peter go down below to check on George . he check the bleed on the life jacket behind George 's head . peter what would you want to come along for George ? GEORGE Sea cadet ? you and mr.dawson ? best thing I ever do . only thing I ever do . I tell my dad I never do nothing at school . I tell my dad I would do something one day . maybe get in the local paper . peter the Herald ? why ? GEORGE maybe teacher would see it . make my school proud . peter ( laugh ) who care what you bloody school think , George ? George look up at Peter , desperate . GEORGE please ! please do not laugh at I ! Peter look at George , decide how to respond . peter I be go to laugh at you , George - ' cos you be be bloody silly . George be cry . peter ( cont 'd ) now , stop it . I need you back up on deck . George keep cry . ( continued ) 99 100 101 38 . continued : 99 GEORGE I can not . I can not see . Peter look at he . get a blanket , put it across George 's chest . peter get some rest . Peter get up . look down at the softly weep boy . peter ( cont 'd ) I will need you as soon as you be able . George nod . smiling through he tear . ext . moonstone , english channel - day 100 Peter come up on deck the shiver soldier , crouch in the well , stare at he . Mr. Dawson be at the helm . Peter come close . speak low - peter the blood will not stop . should we turn back ? mr.dawson look back towards Britain . then forward to France . think . shake he head . mr . dawson come too far . boom ! explosion nearby - the shiver soldier move into a foetal position . mr.dawson and Peter look ahead to where plume of water rise , seemingly in slow motion , amongst the ship up ahead - german bomber drift overhead , 109 fighter buzzing around they ... mr.dawson hold he course ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 101 farrier fly , distracted , glance from he break fuel gauge to the switch for he reserve fuel tank ... farrier sod it . farrier bank , coming around ... ( continued ) 101 102 103 39 . continued : 101 farrier climb , try to gain advantage for the come encounter ... lining up on the german plane threaten the destroyer and the blue trawler ... CUT to : ext . base of the mole - continuous 102 Colonel winnant make he way towards the crowded mole . stretcher of french troops be bring down to the mole . a private come out of the crowd , breathless . private the french have be force back on the western side , sir . Colonel winnant look at explosion over the warehouse . colonel winnant but they be still hold a perimeter ? private for now . Colonel winnant push on down the mole ... ext . the mole - moment later 103 he find bolton , but no ship ... colonel winnant where be the destroyer ? commander bolton there will be one soon . colonel winnant one ? commander bolton after yesterday 's loss , it 's one ship on the mole at a time . colonel winnant the battle 's here , what be they save they for ? commander bolton the next battle . the one for Britain . same with the plane . colonel winnant ( peer through he field glass ) but it 's right there ! you can practically - ( continued ) 103 40 . continued : 103 commander bolton see home do not help we get there , Captain . Colonel winnant turn to the flame town at they back ... colonel winnant they need to send more ship , dammit ! every hour the enemy push closer commander bolton they have activate the small vessel pool - colonel winnant vessel pool ? commander bolton the list of civilian boat for requisition - colonel winnant civilian ? we need destroyer . commander bolton small boat could load from the beach . Colonel winnant watch man struggle to load in the surf ... colonel winnant not in this condition . commander bolton I would rather face wave than dive bomber . Colonel winnant look up at the cloudy sky - colonel winnant you be right - they will not get up in this ... colonel winnant ( cont 'd ) ( point ) the Royal Engineers be building pier from lorry - should help when the tide come back . commander bolton we will know in six hour . colonel winnant I think tide be every three ? ( continued ) 103 104 105 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 103 commander bolton then it 's good that you be army and I be navy , be not it ? Colonel winnant allow himself a smile . Commander bolton spot a shape on the horizon . commander bolton ( cont 'd ) vanquisher ... CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - day 104 Mr. Dawson , at the helm , study the horizon . Peter join he , glaring at the shiver soldier before take a seat . mr.dawson hear something , start scan the sky ... spot a distant plane ... Peter follow he gaze ... mr.dawson throws the wheel , bear to starboard , hard , throttling up - mr . dawson heinkel . mr.dawson point at a minesweeper head towards they ... mr.dawson ( cont 'd ) they will go for the minesweeper . peter should not we stand by ? to pick up survivor ? mr . dawson to do that we have to survive ourselves . as the boat motor away , Peter look back to see the heinkel and its two fighter move towards the minesweeper ... CUT to : ext . ground trawler - day 105 the highlander approach , cautiously ... the beach be deserted here - just disabled army vehicle and dead body ... the blue trawler be tilt towards they ... they circle the hull , check it ... it seem sound enough . Tommy and Gibson follow the highlander as they climb up onto the abandon trawler ... 42 . 106 ext . deck of ground trawler - continuous 106 Tommy look over at the dune above they . Alex look around the boat - turn to highlander 1i alex where 's the crew ? highlander1 probably get spook after they run aground . scarper up the beach . alex why ? highlander2 we be outside the perimeter . enemy could be right there - point at the dune . highlander2 ( cont 'd ) best shut ourselves inside and wait for high tide ... highlander3 head down the companionway into the small hold . alex how long 's that ? highlander3 every three hour . they descend into the hold , shutting the door behind they . CUT to : 107 ext . moonstone , english channel - day 107 as moonstone plough through the swell , Peter look back at the heinkel come over the minesweeper ... Peter spot - peter spitfire ! dad , spitfire ! Mr. Dawson turn to see two spitfire diving at the german bomber and its fighter escort - one spitfire dive right between two 109' setting one alight - peter ( cont 'd ) he get he , he get he !! the other spitfire fly close over the heinkel , which turn away from the ship- mr.dawson ease back on the speed ... ( continued ) 107 108 109 43 . continued : 107 mr . dawson the heinkel 's move off ... as they watch , one of the spitfire start smoking ... peter oh , no . Mr. Dawson see the smoke - throws the wheel , spin the yacht around to head back - mr . dawson watch for a parachute ! mr.dawson throttles up ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 108 farrier hear he engine skip a beat - put he glove finger on the reserve tank toggle switch , listening ... he engine even out again . he put he hand back on the stick , focus on the german plane ... he throttles up , speed into the fray , climbing ... CUT to : int . hold , ground trawler - day 109 dimly light by a couple of small , dirty porthole . the soldier lie around the hold . sleep or chat . Alex be scroung around the hold , find nothing useful . alex ( to Gibson ) poke you head out , see if the water 's come in . Gibson shake he head , pull he arm tight around himself . Alex glare at he - alex ( cont 'd ) talkative sod . Tommy get up , climb up to the door , crack it - crawl up into the well - peek over the rail - the boat be in inches of water . tommy bugger . barely come in at all . alex for fuck 's sake . ( continued ) 109 110 114 112 113 44 , continued : 109 highlander3 calm down . what go out come back in , right ? alex yeah , but how long ? silence answer this . clearly no sailor aboard . CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - day 110 the moonstone push through the swell , full speed , diesel engine straining ... Peter watch the smoke - trailing spitfire fly lower and lower ... peter no parachute ... Mr. Dawson be watch the plane like a hawk , steering around the wave by instinct ... int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 1414 the water flash by blindingly fast ... Collins pull back on the stick , raise the nose as the plane - hit the water with a jolt and a tearing SOUND - collin thrashed against he belt forward / back / left / right - bang - ext . moonstone - continuous 112 Peter watch the spitfire ' land ' on the surface of the water - peter he 's down . int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 113 with a shooooosh , the plane be float over the swell - like a sprinter hearing the gun- Collins release he belt , start inflating he life vest - pull the catch on the canopy , yanking it back along its track - it jam ... he thrust he hand through the gap , struggling ... from outside it look like he be waving ... he look up to see farrier 's spitfire shoot over , dipping a wing in salute ... ( continued ) 113 114 115 45 . continued : 113 Collins sit in the gently bob plane , collect himself as he watch the water start to rise around the slowly sinking plane ... Collins try the canopy again - jammed . he be trapped in the sinking plane ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 114 farrier level off , look down at the heinkel approach - it have a single fighter escort - a I 109 off the port wing ... CUT to : int . hold , ground trawler - day 115 Tommy jolt awake - there be step outside - he move up to the door . highlander1 get he rifle , move in front of the door . aims. nod at Tommy ... Tommy throw open the door - a seaman stand there - seaman nee , nee ! highlander1 be confuse . Tommy grab the seaman , pulling he down into the hold . highlander1 hold he gun on he - alex kraut ? the seaman look uncomprehendingly up at Alex - alex ( cont 'd ) be you german ?! seaman dutch ! dutch ! merchant navy . here to pick you up . to help you . they sit he up . alex why would you leave you boat ? seaman in case Germans come . we wait up the beach with the soldier . wait for the tide . ( continued ) 115 116 117 118 46 . continued : 115 highlander2 you come back , the tide must be in . seaman come , yes . but more hour till we float . alex hour ?! why would you come back ? the seaman gesture around the pack hold - seaman not so heavy when I leave ! Alex and the other take this in . a gunshot penetrate the hull - everybody lie flat , Tommy stare at the bullet hole , which let in light ... CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - day 116 mr.dawson push the boat towards where the plane go down . peter there be no ' chute , dad ... mr.dawson ignore he . the engine be scream ... peter ( cont 'd ) dad , there be no ' chute . he 's probably dead - mr. dawson ( snap ) damn it , he might be alive ! Peter be shocked at he dad 's outburst . Mr. Dawson stare at where the plane go down ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 117 farrier line up for he attack ... sighting the heinkel as it commit to its bombing run over the destroyer - farrier push forward on he stick , go into he dive ... CUT to : int . hold , ground trawler - day 118 everybody stare at the bullet hole , not make a sound ... ( continued ) 118 119 120 124 47 . continued : 118 another shot punch a hole 2 feet from the first - highlander near the hole ease away , squeezing up against other soldier ... bang ! a third shot , directly above the first ... two highlander grab they rifle , go for the stair - tommy no ! then they will know we be in here . highlander1 why else be they shoot at we ?! tommy look at the grouping ... everybody look at the three bullet hole . tommy ( cont 'd ) ... target practice . bang ! a fourth hole , near the other ... CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - day 119 the moonstone be get closer to the spitfire bob on the wave . Close enough to see that it be sinking ... mr . dawson Peter , go forward with the boat hook . int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - continuous 120 Collins smashes the canopy back and forth on its track ... jammed , jammed , jammed . water start pouring in , stream through the gap in the half - open canopy ... he shut it ... trapped ... open it , yanking , water pouring in ... Collins search around look for inspiration , for a implement , for anything - Water rising past he ankle ... he calve ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 121 farrier dive , plummete towards the heinkel ... ( continued ) 124 122 123 124 125 126 48 . continued : 1214 he glance across at the 109 , which suddenly bank toward he , clearly reacting to farrier 's attack ... CUT to : int . hold , ground trawler - day 122 as the man stare at the bullet hole , water start slopping through the lowest one ... a highlander go to plug the hole - bang ! the highlander scream , clutching he face - he comrade pull he back , try to smother he cry ... the water pour in steadily through the lowest hole . Alex point at the target zone - alex we have to plug it ! highlander2 after you , mate ! they stay back from the hole , wary . watch the water pour in ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - day 123 Collins pull the steel flare gun from its holder - Water be come up over he legs now ... he smashes the flare gun into the canopy , again and again ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 124 farrier fire at the heinkel - tracers zipping at the bomber - the 109 rise at he , gun blazing - farrier roll away , try to dodge the fire - ext . sky above dunkirk harbour - day 125 as spitfire 1 roll away , the heinkel release its load - bomb falling around the destroyer - CUT to : int . hold , ground trawler - day 126 a burst of machine gun FIRE open a new group of hole beside the first - ( continued ) 126 49 . continued : 126 Alex watch the water spraying in . he turn to the dutch seaman - alex how do we get off ?! do we need to ditch some ballast ?! the dutch seaman look at he , uncomprehend - alex ( cont 'd ) Weight ! do we need to lose weight ! the dutch seaman shrug - seaman Weight , yes . Alex turn to face the group - alex somebody need to get off . highlander1 well volunteer . alex we do not need a volunteer . I know someone who ought to get off ... Alex turn to Tommy and Gibson . point at Gibson . alex ( cont 'd ) this one . he 's a german spy . tommy do not be daft . Alex stare Gibson down ... alex he 's a bloody jerry . you might not have notice that he have not say a word , but I have . he do not speak English - or if he do it 's with a accent thicker than sauerkraut sauce - tommy you be daft . tell he . Gibson just stare at Alex ... alex yeah , tell I . ( continued ) 126 127 128 129 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 126 nothing . just the sound of water spraying in hard - jetting in through the bottom hole ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - day 127 Collins smack the canopy - the flare gun bounce off - he drop the flare gun - scramble to find it under the water - the water be rising up he chest ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 128 farrier cut right , dodging away from the 109 - banking hard , he get a clear look at the destroyer weather the explosion - a plume of water right next to the destroyer come so high he fly through the top of its spray - CUT to : int . hold , ground trawler - day 129 Alex turn to highlander 1 - hold out he hand for he gun . highlander 1 hand it over - Alex move at Gibson point the rifle , he hook the barrel on Gibson 's tag , pull they closer to read - alex tell I ... , Gibson ! Tommy look at Gibson , panic - tommy tell he , for God 's sake ! Alex push the rifle against Gibson 's cheek - Gibson crack - gibson francais ! je suis francais ! Tommy stare , shocked . Alex move back slightly , take this in ... a burst of machine gun FIRE - everyone duck from ricochet . ( continued ) 51 . 129 continued : 129 alex a frog . a bloody frog . a cowardly little queue-jumping frog ... with the end of he rifle Alex shake Gibson 's tag - alex ( cont 'd ) who 's Gibson , eh? a naked dead englishman lie out on that sand . or do you at least have the decency to bury he ? ' Gibson ' just stare . tommy he do . I help he - I think it be he mate . alex maybe he kill he - tommy he do not kill he - alex how do we know ?! tommy how hard be it to find a dead englishman on dunkirk beach , for God 's sake ?! he do not kill anyone - he be look for a way off the damned sand like the rest of we ! the water be spraying in from more and more hole as the water level rise ... Alex have the rifle on Gibson . another burst of machine gun FIRE - highlander2 have not they have enough practice by now ?! !! highlander1 they be make sure she will not float . highlander2 look at the hole spraying water , the water pooling in the bottom of the hold - he turn to the seaman - highlander2 will she still float ?! the seaman assess the leak ... ( continued ) 129 continued : 52 . ( 2 ) 129 seaman float , yes . with less weight , yes - alex and we know who 's get off - tommy you can not do that . we be on the same side . Alex nudge Gibson with the rifle - alex go on - up you go - tommy as soon as he poke he head out they will slaughter he - alex better he than I - tommy it 's not fair - alex survival 's not fair . highlander1 no , it 's shit . it 's fear and greed . fate squeeze through the bowel of man . shit . tommy he save we life . highlander2 and he 's about to do it again - go on - Alex start shove Gibson up the stair - tommy no ! just stop ! Alex turn to Tommy - look he in the eye - alex we need someone to get off so the rest of we can live - you want to volunteer ? tommy fuck no . I be go home . alex and if this be the price ? ( continued ) 129 130 53 . continued : ( 3 ) 129 tommy I will live with it , but it 's wrong . Alex shove Gibson up another step , open the door - tommy ( cont 'd ) Alex , one man 's not go to make enough difference - highlander1 you would best hope it do - ' cos you would be volunteering next - tommy what ? alex ( indicate highlander ) we be regimental brother , mate . just the way it be . Gibson grab for the rifle - Tommy jump at Alex to help Gibson - they smash against the hull - as they drop into the water , the ship level - seaman float ! we float ! highlander2 start the bloody engine - the seaman be already crawl out the hatch , reach up to - the engine start - loud as loud can be - machine gun FIRE strafe the hull - the men duck below the waterline ... the seaman throws the screw into reverse , full throttle ... the man hold there breaths under the water at the bottom of the hold as bullet pepper the hull ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 2 - day 130 Collins , water up to he ear now , grab the flare gun - swinging underwater less effective - now he panic , push he face up against the canopy , banging with he fist - instinct taking over - no more thought , no more plan - banging , banging - water rising over he ear - smash - something crack into the canopy right above he head - he recoil - it impact the canopy again - smashing a hole - ( continued ) 130 131 132 133 54 . continued : 130 it be a boat hook ... Collins pull himself through the hole - elbow first - forcing himself through - pushing off he seat - underwater , he push up from the sinking plane ... ext . water , just outside dunkirk harbour - continuous 131 Collins break the surface , gasping , look around - a private yacht with a young man on the bow , boat hook extend ... Collins grasp the boat hook . collin ( breathless ) afternoon . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 132 farrier come around again , search the sky for the german plane ... he look down at the destroyer - it be leaking oil from a large hole in its side ... the dark oil slick spread quickly across the water - covering the men in the water between the trawler and the destroyer ... CUT to : ext . the mole - day 133 the destroyer basilisk cast off . Men cover every available piece of deck . Commander bolton watch she wake . Colonel winnant approach - colonel winnant we have waste the day , Commander . commander bolton I share you frustration , Colonel . they hear distant shot - Commander bolton raise he field glass ... he see a blue trawler stick in the shallow mile down the beach . commander bolton ( cont 'd ) ground trawler , take fire . ( continued ) 133 134 135 136 137 138 55 . continued : 133 Colonel winnant take the field glass ... colonel winnant the enemy 's break through the dune to the east . this be it . int . hold , ground trawler - day 134 Tommy come up for air , gasping , spluttering ... Water be pouring in from dozen and dozen of hole ... Alex come up , coughing , with Gibson ... alex we be off -! Alex crawl over to the stair , climb out into the well - ext . trawler - continuous 135 Alex poke he head out as the seaman be sneaking up to see where they be head - the dutch seaman turn the wheel - jump back onto the floor of the well as bullet impact the cabin - he throw the engine into forward gear - turn to Alex - dutch seaman the hole ! plug the hole ! Alex crawl back downstairs - int . hold , trawler - continuous 136 Alex fall down the stair - alex plug the hole ! plug the hole ! the man STUFF rag , bolt , finger , anything they can lay hand on to plug as many hole as possible ... CUT to : omitted 137 int . cabin , moonstone - moment later 138 Collins , drying himself with a blanket , look down at George , whose breathe be shallow , sightless eye open . ( continued ) 138 139 140 56 . continued : 138 collin ( to Peter ) I do not really know , son . you be right not to move he . ( reassure ) you have do the best for he you can . ext . moonstone , water outside dunkirk harbour - continuous 139 the shiver soldier watch Collins come out on deck - shivering soldier be he alright ? peter ( 0.s. ) no . Peter be glaring at the shiver soldier peter ( cont 'd ) no , he 's not - boom ! Collins follow mr.dawson 's gaze to a destroyer up ahead be bombed by a heinkel , huge plume of water rise just beside she ... the shiver soldier retreat into himself - Peter run up to the bow - a blue fishing trawler a quarter of a mile off , sink ... peter ( cont 'd ) dad , there 's man in the water Mr. Dawson look ahead to where Peter be point - he put the throttle forward , head into the fray ... Collins spot spitfire 1 arcing around , try to get a bead on the heinkel ... collin come on , farrier ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 140 farrier pull on the stick , lining up behind a 109 ... he fire , chase down the plane , firing again ... smoke from the german plane , which start to drop ... farrier be in a heavy dive , when he engine choke - ( continued ) 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 57 . continued : farrier 's hand dart forward , switching to he reserve tank before the engine can die ... the engine catch again - farrier pull out of the dive ... CUT to : ext . the mole - day through the binocular Colonel winnant watch the Blue trawler push out to sea , low in the water ... Commander bolton watch a destroyer , under full steam , head out to the channel ... where there be shape of boat on the horizon ... ext . deck of trawler - continuous the dutch seaman aim the boat at a destroyer out at the mouth of the harbour ... int . hold , trawler - day Tommy , Gibson , Alex , highlander1 and the other STUFF the hole as best they can - the makeshift plug pop out every few second - the soldier scrabble under water to find they and STUFF they back in - hand pressed against water jet spray coming in everywhere ... omitted ext . deck of trawler - continuous the dutch seaman look over the rail , concerned , to see how fast he boat be lowering into the swell ... CUT to : omitted ext . moonstone , water outside dunkirk harbour - day Collins watch farrier spin around to get after the heinkel - the moonstone come up on the man in the water . Collins come to the side , to help Peter fish man out - Collins notice the surface of the water - collin ( to mr.dawson ) oil . we be get into oil ! Mr. Dawson put the screw into reverse , stop the boat . ( continued ) 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 58 . continued : they fish man out of the water - the man cover in oil anonymous in there glossy black filth ... CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day farrier chase down the heinkel , close in as its top turret open up on he - tracer FIRE lighting up all around he - he dive down under the range of the rear turret - then angle up , firing at the bomber' tail ... CUT to : ext . blue trawler - day the dutch seaman see water slosh over the deck - dutch seaman abandon ship ! abandon ship ! int . hold , trawler - continuous the soldier , hold back the water , can not hear he ... one by one they start to abandon the task - more and more water pour in ... Alex and Gibson be last - Alex turn , see they be alone , grab Gibson by the shoulder then jump for the exit - Gibson , still holding back the water , notice too late - ext . blue trawler - continuous Tommy get on deck - see the keith , a quarter of a mile away ... he dive into the water , pull away from the swamped trawler - all the man dive off the sink boat , swim for the keith ... omitted int . hold , trawler - continuous Gibson dive for the exit - he be blasted back by water - dragge down with the sink trawler ... CUT to : 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 155a 59 . ext . moonstone , water outside dunkirk harbour - day 154 Peter , Collins and the first oil - cover man pull more oily man from the water , the deck of the yacht rapidly fill - Mr. Dawson look at the oil slick , concerned . he address the oily survivor - mr . dawson below deck . oily survivor no fear . mr . dawson we need to get as many of you on board as we can before the oil catch fire - get below or get off my boat - you choice . the oily survivor head below deck - Peter run back to the companionway to shout down - peter careful there -! int . cabin , moonstone - continuous 155 Peter poke he head down - see two oily survivor move George from the bottom of the step - peter careful ! the oily survivor look up at he - Alex be one of they - alex ( quiet ) he 's dead , mate . Peter take this in ... peter so be bloody careful with he ! ext . the mole - continuous 155a Commander bolton stare at the shape in the distance ... he grab the field glass from Colonel winnant , put they to he eye - boat . civilian boat . all shape and size . a armada . Colonel winnant peer over Commander bolton 's shoulder ... ( continued ) 155 a 155b 156 60 . continued : 155a colonel winnant what can you see ? Commander bolton slowly lower the glass . commander bolton ( gentle ) Home . Colonel winnant grab the glass , confuse ... ext . deck of a destroyer - continuous 155b the soldier peer over the railing at the absurd collection of vessel pass they in the opposite direction : yacht , paddle steamer , fishing trawlers , day sailer , ferrie , dredger , dinghies , row boat ... crewe by : fishermen , merchant navy sailor , naval officer , civilian crew , naval crew , nurse , retired sailor ... the exhausted soldier lining the deck of the basilisk start to clap ... then to cheer ... some be crying ... ext . moonstone , water outside dunkirk harbour - continuous 156 Peter step out of the cabin , reeling . meet he dad 's question glance with unmistakable shock - shivering soldier ( 0.s. ) the lad ... Peter turn . the shiver soldier be look up at he with terrify eye , blanket tight around he shoulder . shivering soldier ( cont 'd ) will he be okay ? Peter look at the shiver soldier . see the white knuckle clasp the edge of the rough blanket . Peter nods . the shiver soldier turn , stare out at the destroyer . Peter catch mr.dawson look at he . approve . Collins , pull a man from the water , look up at spitfire 1 chase down the heinkel - collin come on , farrier ... CUT to : 157 158 158a 159 61 . int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 157 farrier strafe the heinkel - no apparent effect - Zipping over it , he dive down out of range of its turret - bank hard leave to line up for another shot - a 109 cut across he - tracer FIRE shoot past - CUT to : ext . water , just outside dunkirk harbour - day 158 Tommy swim for the keith ... he hear a airplane ... look up to see a heinkel come in over the keith ... the bomb drop - plume of water shoot upward all around the ship - Tommy dive under the water for protection - the explosion be deafening - he hold he ear with he hand - Tommy break the surface - the barrage be over - the keith be still afloat - Tommy swim for it - get closer , Tommy realize he 's swim in oil , the black sludge cover he head and arm - he look back - the blue trawler be gently slip beneath the water ... Tommy make for the keith , even as he see man jumping into the water from she deck ... lifeboat be lower ... Tommy spot another craft - a yacht heading toward they - Tommy pull for the yacht as hard as he can ... CUT to : ext . beach at malo les bain - continuous 158a the rag tag collection of SMALL ship work the beach , pick man up in the shallow , ferry they out to bigger ship ... small open boat use the truck ' pier ' to load man as the engineer look on with pride ... ext . moonstone , water outside dunkirk harbour - day 159 the moonstone be filled with oil - cover man - throughout the hold and across the deck - many more still in the water ... the keith list , man jump off the far side , away from the oil slick , where small ship be gather to pick they up ... ( continued ) 159 160 161 62 . continued : 159 Collins move up the side - watch farrier bank hard to get behind the heinkel - a 109 zip across he path , gun blaze ... Collins look down at the oil-cover water ... int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 160 farrier pull around , hard - the heinkel be in front of he , side on , head in for another run at keith - farrier bank and pull up to keep the bomber in he sight as he fire he cannon - the heinkel catch FIRE and start falling ... ext . moonstone , water outside dunkirk harbour - continuous 161 Collins see the heinkel catch FIRE - turn to Mr. Dawson - collin go ! go ! go ! mr.dawson throws the engine into gear , turn the wheel - the heinkel fall flaming toward the oil slick ... Peter have hold of one last oil - cover survivor , who hang on for dear life as the boat drag he through the oily water - the man leave in the water shout with despair as the moonstone motor away - the flaming heinkel hit the water - explode - the surface of the water catch FIRE - spread across the water - men duck underwater to escape the flame - underwater : highlander1 push down under , looking up at the FIRE ... the surface be aflame as far as he can see ... Peter hold on to the oil - cover soldier - who be now be wash with cleaner water as they come out of the slick - as the oil come off he face we see that it be tommy ... Collins watch , appal , as the man in the water be engulf by relentless flame ... the keith be go down - survivor on the far side be pick up by the various SMALL ship ... under the water , highlander1 be AIR run out - the flame rage above ... ( continued ) 161 162 163 63 . continued : 161 he instinct to breath push he up into the flame where he be engulfed , scream , dying - Tommy lie on the deck at Peter 's foot , eye close ... tommy ( a whisper ) take I home . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 162 farrier see the heinkel explode , turn away towards the beach ... he look down at - the thousand of man on the beach the small ship ferry out to the larger vessel the narrow mole with its endless rope of man ... farrier be awestruck ... he hear he engine start to sputter ... it die and the prop stop ... ext . the mole - continuous 163 Commander bolton watch with satisfaction as a paddle steamer tie up ... he call up to a stewardess ( 59 ) - commander bolton where be you from ? stewardess out of Dartmouth ! bolton shake he head in joyous disbelief . he watch man load into a SMALL OPEN sailboat crewe by two young men - commander bolton from deal ? ( they nod ) mind the current at the mouth , boy . bolton spot spitfire 1 - it soar overhead . he wave - male voice ( 0.s. ) where have you be all my life ?! Commander bolton sigh at this ... then notice . no engine noise . ( continued ) 163 164 165 166 167 64 . continued : he watch the spitfire , concerned , until - hear something behind ... another engine ... a high whine ... he turn to see - a stuka ... the man lining the mole shift restlessly . trapped ... CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - evening the moonstone chug along , low in the water , man lay down along she deck ... int . cabin , moonstone - continuous Men lie on every available space , pack in like sardine . Tommy catch sight of Alex look at he . Tommy nod . ext . moonstone , english channel - continuous Mr. Dawson be at the helm . Collins hear a distant engine - collin that 's a fighter - mr . dawson I 109 , from the South . Peter , take the wheel , listen for my instruction . Mr. Dawson step up onto the seat to look above the roof of the cabin ... mr.dawson ( cont 'd ) Point she south . Peter turn the wheel , the moonstone swing to port , straighten up . Mr. Dawson spot the 109 , close ... CUT to : ext . the mole - day Commander bolton turn to see the stuka approach , its distinctive kink - wing silhouette bear down like a awful bird of prey ... the soldier stir , some crouching , some close they eye . Commander bolton take a knee , bracing . he bite he lip as the stuka go into its dive , that terrible whine build ... CUT to : 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 65 . ext . moonstone , english channel - evening 168 mr.dawson stare at the approach 109 - mr . dawson full speed ahead . Peter throttles up - the 109 be growing - close now ... mr.dawson ( cont 'd ) get ready to pull hard to port ... before he fire he will have to lower he nose , I will give you the signal ... Peter reach over to the side of the wheel , ready to throw it - the 109 be practically upon they .. CUT to : ext . the mole - day 169 Commander bolton be mumble a prayer as he watch the stuka come at they - blamblamblamblamblam ! ! ! the stuka be strafe with FIRE as spitfire1 flash past - int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 170 farrier dart past the stuka , glide , gun blazing ... ext . the mole - continuous 171 the stuka never fire , it just smashes into the sea ... the soldier all along the mole cheer . int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 172 farrier watch the stuka disintegrate on the surface of the water . he nod ... feel the unaccustomed silence ... CUT to : ext . moonstone , english channel - evening 173 mr.dawson stare at the approach 109 - Peter glance back and forth between the 109 and he father ... mr . dawson wait for it ... wait till he 's commit to he line ... the nose of the 109 dip down - ( continued ) 173 174 175 176 66 . continued : 173 mr.dawson ( cont 'd ) now ! ! Peter throws the wheel , the moonstone lurch to port - the gun on the 109 light up , strafing the water to starboard - the 109 flash over ... Collins watch it recede . collin he 's off . mr . dawson bigger fish to fry . Collins look at mr.dawson . curious . collin how would you know all that , anyway ? Mr. Dawson step onto the deck . mr . dawson my son 's one of you lot . I know he would see we through . mr.dawson move forward . Collins step up beside Peter . collin you be raf ? peter not I . my brother . flew hurricane . he die third week into the war . Collins look forward at the proud father stand by the mast . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 174 farrier sit in the silence , glide ... look to see how far he might make it up the beach ... CUT to : int . cabin , moonstone - evening 175 Tommy get to he foot , step over other man as he slip over to the stair ... ext . moonstone , english channel - evening 176 Tommy and Alex poke they head out - ( continued ) 176 177 178 67 . continued : 176 peter stay below , please . tommy we just want to see the cliff - Tommy look over at white cliff , ghostly above the dark water . tommy ( cont 'd ) dover ? Peter shake he head , amused . peter weymouth . Alex shake he head , sadly . alex we let you all down , do not we ? Peter just look at this exhaust , rag boy he own age . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 177 farrier glide , banking , look for a suitable stretch of beach to ditch ... in the strangely silent plane , he pass over the troops line up on the vast stretch of sand beyond malo les bain ... CUT to : ext . harbour at weymouth - night 178 soldier after soldier climb out of the yacht . the corporal hand out travel chit marvel at the absurd amount ... corporal how many you get in there ? the shiver soldier be take ashore , wrap in blanket . Tommy and Alex stick together as they be hand hot cup of tea and shepherd out of the harbour in long line . Peter supervise as George 's body be take ashore . as Collins step off the boat a soldier from another boat spot he raf uniform - soldier ( furious ) where the hell be you ! ( continued ) 178 179 180 181 68 . continued : 178 Collins just stand there . he feel a hand on he shoulder it be mr.dawson . he indicate the man filing off the moonstone - mr . dawson they know where you be . Mr. Dawson put he hat on . to go home . ext . weymouth rail yard - night 179 Tommy and Alex , exhaust , downcast , be herde across the track towards a train . before get on they be hand a blanket and cup of tea by a elderly man , who look at they hand not they face as he hand the rough blanket over - elderly man ... well do , lad ... well do lad ... alex all we do be survive . elderly man that 's enough . well , do , lad well do , lad ... Alex step up onto the train . the elderly man reach out to Tommy , touch he face - clearly blind . int . train - continuous 180 Tommy flop down , lie across the seat . Alex be slump opposite , tear start to roll down he cheek . alex that old bloke would not even look we in the eye . no response . he look over - Tommy be already asleep . CUT to : ext . the mole - evening 181 the mole be empty but for body . a private open he eye . he sit up , alone on the desert mole , he comrade go , mistaken for dead ... commander bolton ( 0.s. ) come on , then , private ... the private look down at the water to see Commander bolton stand in a launch full of army officer . ( continued ) 181 182 69 . continued : 181 commander bolton ( cont 'd ) I know we be officer , but it 's we or the enemy , so now 's not the time to be particular ... the private scramble down into the launch , where Colonel winnant stand talk to Commander bolton . they look out at the vast desert beach , litter with corpse and abandon equipment ... colonel winnant ( to Commander bolton ) churchill get he 30 thousand . commander bolton and then some . almost three hundred thousand . so far . Commander bolton step back up onto the mole . colonel winnant so far ? commander bolton I be stay . ( off look ) for the french . the Launch pull away from Commander bolton on the mole . CUT to : int . train - morning 182 sunlight flickering on Tommy 's eyelid wake he . we have the sense that he have be asleep for a very long time . the train full of soldier roll to a halt . Alex open the window - spot a boy near the track - alex hey ! where be we ?! boy siding . you will pull in in a minute - alex what station ? boy ( surprised ) Woking . Alex spot stack of newspaper wait to be load . ( continued ) 182 183 184 185 186 187 70 . continued : 182 alex grab I one of they papers . ( the boy hesitates ) go on ! the boy pull the paper off the top and stretch up to hand it to Alex . Alex slump into he seat , the headline : " churchill address dunkirk evacuation in common " Alex thrust the paper at Tommy . alex ( cont 'd ) I can not bear it . you read it . tommy can not bear it ? alex they will be spitting at we in the street . if they be not lock up wait for the invasion . CUT to : ext . weymouth town - day 183 Peter walk down the deserted high STREET . he stop . walk into the office of the local paper - the Herald ... int . herald office - continuous 184 Peter hand the editor a photograph . of George . CUT to : int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 185 farrier check he canopy be lock ... stow loose item ... pumping the handle all the while ... ext . spitfire 1 - day 186 the landing gear inches out of its housing ... CUT to : int . train - day 187 Tommy look down at the paper . start to read . poorly . tommy " Wars be not win by evacuation . " Alex shake he head at this . the train start to pull into the station ... ( continued ) 187 188 189 190 191 71 . continued : 187 the platform be crowded with civilian - Alex slink down into he seat , turn away from the window ... a civilian bang on the glass , peering in ... alex I can not look . tommy " but there be a victory inside this deliverance which should be note ... " Alex turn - the civilian grins , hold up two beer bottle . the platform be pack with cheering and waving civilian ... woman with sandwiches and drink rush up to the window ... tommy ( cont 'd ) " we thankfulness at the escape of we army ... " Alex open the window , grabbing food and drink as Tommy continue to read ... tommy ( cont 'd ) " must not blind we to the fact that what have happen in France ... isa colossal military disaster ... " int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - day 188 farrier pump the handle - ext . spitfire - continuous 189 the landing gear inches past halfway down ... int . cockpit , spitfire 1 - continuous 190 pumping the handle , farrier check he belt - tommy ( v.0 . ) " , , . , and we must expect another blow to be strike almost immediately ... " he hold the plane steady in its descent towards the sand ... ext . beach at LA panne - continuous 191 spitfire 1 swoops onto the flat sand , wheel down . tommy ( v.o . ) " we shall go on to the end , we shall fight in France .. , " farrier slide back the canopy and climb out of the plane ... 72 . 192 int . mr.dawson home - day 192 Peter , get up from the kitchen table . mrs.dawson be at the stove , she back to we . as Peter grab he coat he run into mr.dawson , letter in hand , look at the Herald . he hand it to Peter ... tommy ( v.0 . ) " we shall fight on the seas and ocean .. , " the small headline : " local boy , GEORGE mill , just 17 , hero at dunkirk " Peter look at he father . nod with satisfaction . 193 ext . beach at LA panne - day 193 farrier brushes sand from the wing of he beloved spitfire ... tommy ( v.0 . ) " , .. we shall fight with grow confidence and grow strength in the air ... " farrier pull he flare gun ... he shoot into the cockpit ... 194 int . train - day 194 Alex hang out the window , guzzling from a beer bottle , grinning at the woman outside ... tommy " we shall defend we Island - " Alex turn , deliriously happy , beer run down he chin - alex what ?! tommy ( louder , over the celebration ) " , , .we shall defend we island , whatever the cost may be - we shall fight on the beach , we shall fight on the landing grounds ... " 195 ext . dunkirk harbour - evening 195 body gently bob in the water ... tommy ( v.0 . ) " we shall fight in the field and the street ... " ( continued ) 195 196 197 198 continued : abandon truck and anti-aircraft gun , pile of boot , stack of rifle catch the last light ... tommy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " we shall fight in the hill ; we shall never surrender ... " body line the length of the mole ... tommy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " and even if , which I do not fora moment believe , this island ... be subjugate and starve .. , " ext . beach at LA panne - continuous farrier kneel , hand on head , as dark shape of german soldier ( see only from behind ) surround he ... tommy ( v.0 . ) " , , . then we empire beyond the seas , armed and guard by the british fleet , would carry on the struggle ... " farrier be lead away from the burning plane ... int . train - day Alex be oblivious . Tommy continue , to himself ... tommy " , , , until , in God 's good time ... " ext . beach at LA panne - twilight move towards the burning spitfire ... tommy ( v.0 . ) " , , .. the New World , with all its power and might .. , " 73 . 195 196 197 198 the shape of the plane be still visible beneath the flame ... tommy ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " , , .step forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old . " move in on the burn spitfire until the flame fill the frame and we - CUT to black . credit . end .