duplex by larry doyle revision by greg mottola wallace wolodarsky & Maya forbe John Hamburg current revision by Larry doyle 3rd yellow revision 02/20/03 3rd pink revision 02/14/03 3rd Blue revision 02/07/03 3rd White revision 01/24/03 2nd salmon revision 01/20/03 2nd buff revision 12/30/02 2nd goldenrod revision 5/23/02 2nd Green revision 5/22/02 2nd yellow revision 5/19/02 2nd pink revision 5/14/02 2nd Blue revision 5/2/02 2nd White revision 4/26/02 salmon revision 4/24/02 buff revision 4/10/02 goldenrod revision 4/3/02 Green revision 3/28/02 yellow revision 3/27/02 pink draft 3/19/02 Blue draft 2/17/02 OPEN on a beautiful , old white house . narrator for about $ 300000 , you could live here . we pan across appropriate beauty shot of the house and its grounds . narrator ( cont 'd ) built in 1852 , this four-bedroom home sit on sixteen wood acre . it 's locate just outside colon , michigan a sign feature a top hat at the legend , '' Magic Capital of the World . '' a photo of the very small town with a pick - up drive through it . narrator ( cont 'd ) colon , Michigan ... shot of endless cornfield narrator ( cont 'd ) colon be within easy commute distance of ... coldwater , michigan a slightly larger of the same small town . narrator ( cont 'd ) coldwater , Michigan , which have a bank . map of the UNITED states narrator ( cont 'd ) if you willing to live a little farther off the beat track ... quickly pan down the map , out of the United States and down , down , to narrator ( cont 'd ) in El salvador ... EL salvador ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 2. stock non - beauty shot of El salvador today . narrator ( cont 'd ) which be not really that war-torn anymore ... you $ 300000 american dollar will buy you this ... spanish villa narrator ( cont 'd ) ten bedroom villa , complete with servant and full armed guard . 1950s manhattan stock footage / still from the 5as , feature crowded sidewalk . narrator ( cont 'd ) but if you be like the million ... 1960S , 1970s and 1980s manhattan stock footage / still , feature change fashion on crowded sidewalk . narrator ( cont 'd ) and million ... manhattan today stock footage / still , feature crowded sidewalk . narrator ( cont 'd ) and million of people who want to live on the tiny island of Manhattan , you $ 300000 will buy you ... bare studio apartment still of very small , unimpressive room . narrator ( cont 'd ) ... this cozy zero bedroom apartment ... another apartment it 's a dark as a cave and light by a single bare bulb . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 3. narrator ( cont 'd ) or this no - garden garden apartment ... a third apartment it 's a burnt - out shell with plywood over the window . narrator ( cont 'd ) or this one - bedroom handyman 's dream . a very crowded manhattan STREET bustle , push , a little angry ... narrator ( cont 'd ) this be why , every year , thousand of Manhattan islander decide to the camera suddenly crane out and fly up , look down at the crowd . narrator ( cont ’d ) get out . we fly out of the city , east across the Hudson . narrator ( cont 'd ) they leave in search of ... dissolve to : prospect park assorted beauty shot . narrator ...- wide open space ... park slope people chat on the street . Children cavort in playground . narrator ... friendly native ... ext . park slope - day 1 camera swing around and slowly move toward ... ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 4. narrator -- and at least four room of they own . a place they can call home . the camera stop on a unique look brooklyn brownstone . narrator ( cont 'd ) that 's they first mistake . title : '' duplex . '' ext . brownstone - backyard high angle looking down kenneth when I tell you I have a particular building [ etc . ] int . brownstone - day 3 Real estate agent kenneth , 40s , raspy voice , friendly demeanor open the back door , lead in a young couple , nancy and alex . kenneth butler 's pantry , the old dumbwaiter ... Alex whisper in Nancy 's ear . alex remember what we talk about . nancy I know . poker face . she nod , ' I get it , 's and they move into ... the kitchen / pantry area 4 Kenneth point out various feature , not push too hard -- let the place sell itself . kenneth built-in , built-in ... nancy Kitchen 's a little small . she glance over to Alex who flash a quick thumb -up . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 5 . kenneth get rid of this awful divider , you have a eat - in kitchen . cozy fireplace there . a tiny - squeal escape from Nancy . Alex mock - admonish she with a eyebrow . kenneth ( cont ’d ) original glass tile in all the fireplace . nancy fireplace -es ? pornographic close -up a caressing pan of the second fireplace , ornate woodwork , wainscot , gadroon , etc . kenneth ( 0.s. ) Three . this one 's tiger - eye maple . notice the detail , the wainscot , gadroon , all original ... on alex and nancy she 's fall in love . alex ( mouth ) gadroon ? the bedroom 5 kenneth and over here you have you library . Kenneth gesture to a alcove of bookshelve . alex wow . Nancy playfully motion for he to play it cool . alex ( cont 'd ) ( explain to Kenneth ) I have a small collection of first edition novel . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 6. nancy Alex be a writer . kenneth oh , yeah . what kind of stuff ? alex I write a novel you have probably never hear of . '' crying in the sprinkler '' ( Kenneth shrug , do not know it ) it 's kind of a loosely fictionalized memoir of my childhood . kenneth I be not much for the come of age stuff . I love thriller . grisham , koontz . they scare the crap out of I , but it 's like I be addict to '' Goose bump . '' let 's move on . nancy peacock , lover ! parlor / live room 6 the live room be a sight to behold . huge . Light flooding in . a curve front window area look out onto the tree-line street . Nancy dig she finger into Alex 's arm . nancy ( cont 'd ) oh my god . Alex try he best to act the level - head buyer as he notice ... yet another hearth . alex I see , so there be a third fireplace here in the live room . kenneth and over there , you have get a little outcropping , you could make it into anything you want ... ( to Alex ) -..a writer 's nook ... ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 7. nancy a writer 's nook ! how perfect be that ? ( off Alex 's look ) I mean , if you like nook . nearby , Alex notice something . alex be this a staircase ? he point to a spiral staircase camouflage behind several plant . Kenneth walk over . kenneth yeah . oh , I think you realize . this be a duplex . nancy ( can not contain herself ) a duplex ?! as in two floor for the price of one ! kenneth it 's right there on the list sheet . Alex look at the sheet in he hand . see it in tiny print . alex why 's it seal off ? be there a slew of murder up there ? kenneth no , it 's a massage parlor . Alex and Nancy be stunne . kenneth ( cont ’d ) I be just make fun . there 's a sweet old lady who life upstairs ... nancy ( not thrilled ) a tenant ? int . brownstone lobby - moment later 7 as they climb the stair , Nancy caress the bannister . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 8. alex rent-controlled mean we can not kick she out , right ? nancy Alex ! kenneth it 's a legitimate question . you can not evict she . she have to decide to leave or ... god forbid ... poor thing have not be feel well . she must be a hundred year old . Kenneth shake he head , Nancy and Alex join he . now on the landing , he knock loudly on the door . kenneth ( cont 'd ) Mrs. connelly ? ( to Alex and Nancy ) she 's hard of hearing . it may take she a little while to get to the door . ( louder ) Mrs. connelly ?! sfx : many lock be open . Alex , Nancy and Kenneth wait , exchange polite look . finally , the door creak open . behind the door peer out , be mrs . connelly . she 's a tiny , frail lady ina housecoat -- with she unblink expression and lack of make - up , at the moment , she resemble a corpse . her face flash in recognition . she smile sweetly and speak with a slight irish brogue . mrs . connelly Kenneth ! kenneth there 's my favorite girl ! how be you feel today , Mrs. connelly ? mrs . connelly I do not feel good , Kenneth . Nancy peek over Kenneth 's shoulder into the apartment . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 9 . kenneth I be sorry to hear that . I have bring by a young couple , who might want to buy the apartment . Kenneth step back to reveal Nancy on tip-toe ; she drop down quickly and interlock arm with Alex . nancy good afternoon , Mrs. connelly ! I be Nancy kendrick , and this be my husband , Alex Rose . alex hello . nancy do you mind if we look around ? nancy'' Pov as Mrs. connelly speak , Nancy 's gaze drift over she head . she see only a sliver of the apartment . mrs . connelly sorry , dear . I do not feel up to it . Nice to see you again , Kenneth . the door close on Nancy 's face . we hear the door slowly be locked again . then , we hear Mrs. connelly cough , follow by a tiny squeak of sickly despair . kenneth poor dear . ext . brownstone - moment later 8 Alex and Nancy stand on the sidewalk with Kenneth . kenneth I ' 1l tell you right now , there 's a lot of heat on this place . ( lower he voice ) it 's gonna be off the market by Monday . adios . Kenneth walk away . Alex and Nancy look around , at : a young couple walk along , in love . a mother , push a baby carriage . child , laugh in the playground across the street . ( continued ) al0 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 10 . in the second story window -- Mrs. connelly sit in a chair , stare blankly out the window . as she cough ... omitted 9 int . nancy and alex' east village studio - night al10 it 's one room , tidy but crowded . Street noise filter in . in a cheap ikea bookshelf , there be several first edition of various classic novel . Nancy , Alex , coop and celine finish they dinner serve on a dining room table a bit too large for the main studio room . coop Three fireplace ! guy , this place sound incredible . nancy it be incredible ! and , surprisingly , kind of affordable . alex well , kind of affordable . it 's really at the higher end of we range . nancy it 's a little more than we want to spend , but when you factor in the duplex ... celine it 's a duplex ? alex well it 's not exactly two ... yet ... there 's a old lady who life on the second ... nancy .-- floor , but she 's ... I mean she 's older ... Old . and she health be ... alex I mean it 's Brooklyn , we be not even think of Brooklyn ... from the street , we hear a drunk dude yell at a squeaky - voice tough guy . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 11 . drunk dude ( 0.s. ) I be gonna kill the shit out of you . squeaky -voiced tough guy ( 0.s. ) say that to my face , ass -bag . say that to my freakin’ face . drunk dude ( 0.s. ) I just say it to you face ! coop look to Alex , acknowledge the exchange outside . coop hey Alex , sometimes you just have to '' close you eye and leap off the precipice , unmove by the daunt growl of the rabid dog name fear '' . nancy wow . who say that ? coop I do . I think ! ( he chuckle , then get serious ) look Alex , if I have not take the leap from student to writer , a detective name Don piper would still be lock up somewhere in my imagination . ( to celine ) ooh , honey , do you bring it ? celine reach into she pocketbook , pull out a copy of coop 's new book : '' murder on the Hudson : a Don piper mystery '' coop ( cont ’d ) I write you guy a little inscription . it hit bookstore next week . nancy thank you , coop . coop ( with false modesty ) I be sure it 's not as brilliant as you new book be go to be , but there 's a couple of decent metaphor in there . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision celine oh , my gosh , coop , we forget to tell they the big news . nancy what be it ? celine we be pregnant ! 12 . celine stand up , revealing a belly - shirt with a stomach to rival Britney Spears 's . Nancy and Alex gaze at it in shock . nancy congratulation ! you just find out ? celine ( patting she impossibly flat stomach ) no , I be four month along ! be not that exciting ?! 10 omitted 11 omitted al2 omitted . ext . alphabet CITY — morning a homeless gentleman sit comfortably in a doorway . he 10 11 al2 notice something and get up . as alex and nancy exit , Nancy hand a dollar to the homeless gentleman . ( she hand out more singles as she walk down the street ) nancy I think we should do it . they pass a alleyway contain a scruffy gentleman . scruffy gentleman smoke . smoke . alex ( be : scruffy gentleman ) what if we want to buy drug ? you will not find this kind of convenience in Brooklyn . Nancy slap Alex 's shoulder , playfully . ( continued ) * 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 13. nancy we be not go to want to live here once we start have baby . ( get excited ) oh , the upstairs parlor would make the cutest playroom ! alex I be not sure I want Mrs. connelly cough on my baby . nancy ( offhand ) you know what I mean . once we have the whole place . Nancy preternaturally sense something and abruptly exit . a pile of garbage sit against the side of a building . Nancy zeroe in on a barely visible object and pull it out . Nancy return to Alex wield she find triumphantly . nancy ( cont 'd ) this will make a great lamp ! alex it be a lamp . nancy and it will be again ! ( dreamily ) there be so many wonderful thing we could do with that apartment . alex I just wish I be not so close to finish the book ... nancy ( playfully sell ) what better place to finish that novel than in you own , nineteenth century oak writer 's nook ! alex it be a good nook . and it have be nice to not have to write at Starbucks with the other '' novelist '' ... nancy you deserve a nook of you own . ( continued ) 12 13 al5 b15 15 17 alg 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 14 . they have reach the subway stop . we hear a familiar rumble . nancy ( cont 'd ) my train . Nancy kiss Alex . he smile at she . alex okay . let 's do it . he kiss she , more deeply . behind they , a homeless woman stand over a grate as the train rush by underneath . the air blow up she skirt ; she hold down the skirt and enjoy the breeze , though the effect be a little different than it be in '' Seven Year itch . '' ext . brownstone - day 12 a '' murray' mover '' move van be double - park in the street ( the logo -- a smile hasid -- the motto : ' we will take you to the Promised land 's ) . several muscular black and hispanic men emerge from the van , carry Alex and Nancy 's furniture . int . brownstone - day 13 - Alex and Nancy , in jeans and sweatshirt , remove stuff from a box -- it 's belonging precisely label . as Alex unload , Nancy cross off match item on she checklist . - Alex take he rare book from a box , put they on the a115 library shelf . -mover set a couch down in the live room . holding anottticsr floor - plan , Nancy direct the mover to move the couch a foot to the leave . smile and nod when it 's in the perfect place . - in the bedroom , Nancy consult a floor - plan she 's make up 15 for the room -- hang a large frame wedding picture . the newlywed run through handfuls of rice . int . apartment - late afternoon 17 consider they just move in , almost everything be unpack and in place . the only problem -- the furniture look highly insignificant in the grandiose space . alex I could have swear we have more stuff . omitted al9 19 20 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 15 . int . brownstone - second floor landing - moment later 19 Nancy knock loudly on Mrs. connelly 's door . Alex examine the bottle of wine . after a couple of second , Nancy knock even more loudly . we hear the lock all OPEN , as laboriously as before . int . mrs . connelly’s apartment 20 the door creak open to the end of the chain , and we again see Mrs. connelly 's suspicious eye . only now it 's surround by bright blue eye shadow . nancy ( a little loudly ) Mrs. connelly ? it 's Nancy and Alex ! from downstairs ! mrs . connelly 's eye ( mouth o.c . ) ohhhh . oh ! she slam the door . we hear the chain be unhooked . she open the door again . Mrs. connelly , wear make - up usually reserve for the wake , stand there in a red satin cheongsam ( that mandarin slip dress that be briefly popular 40 year ago ) cover with a tiny , pink sweater jacket . mrs . connelly come in ! come in ! nancy you have a lovely apartment , Mrs. connelly . alex ( offer wine ) we get you a little housewarm gift . mrs . connelly ( accept bottle ) oh , I do not drink , dear . it 's a sin . i’1l open it for you . Mrs. connelly go off to the kitchen . alex ( interesting fact ) irish Catholic do not drink . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 16 . Alex walk toward the bedroom as Nancy take picture mentally redecorate . alex ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? nancy take picture ... Alex turn and see a wall of nautical paraphernalia he gaze wander down to a desk , on which be a ancient harpoon sit . alex be slightly take aback . then he laugh , and pick up the harpoon . alex ( turn ) hey , Nancy ... Nancy turn . alex ( cont 'd ) ( pirate voice ) blow I down ! the harpoon go off . it fly by Nancy 's head , miss it by inch . it embed in the wood trim behind she . alex ( cont 'd ) oh God . Alex rush frantically to Nancy . alex ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? nancy yeah , I -- ( turn ) oh , God ! she rush to where the harpoon be embed . she freak . nancy ( cont 'd ) this be original trim ! ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 17 . alex it 's okay . we own it . nancy ( mortify ) I know ! mrs . connelly ( 0.s. ) just two secs ! panicked , Alex yank the harpoon out of the wood and struggle to quickly jam it back into the gun . Nancy meanwhile be try to push together the wood to make the gouge less noticeable . ( it 's not that big and not in future shot . ) she lick she finger and smooth the splinter down . Alex rush to the desk and lay the harpoon gun down , then scurries back to sit on the couch . Nancy rush in next to he . they both sit there pretend nothing have happen . Mrs. connelly return . mrs . connelly ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) here we go , sit yourselves down , I have bring you something to nibble on . Mrs. connelly place a black lacquer tray on the brass -plate glass coffee table . the tray feature a polynesian dancer , whose toplessness have be strategically cover by a bowl full of bugles™ anda container of onion dip , half empty with numerous bugle™ strafing in it . alex wow , they still make bugles™ , Mrs. connelly hold a bugle™ up to the cage . the bird gently take it by the tip , and rear its head back . bird oh , boy ! alex that 's a great parrot you have there . mrs . connelly he 's not a parrot , he 's a macaw , dear . ( uncork the bottle ) ( more ) ( continued ) mrs . 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 18. connelly ( cont 'd ) I have have Little dickie for forty year now . he 's name after my late husband , Richard . little dickie Christ have mercy ! as Mrs. connelly speak , through the dip . without under Alex 's nose , close cause the crusty dip to alex 's Pov Mrs. connelly loom over mrs . she drag a bugle methodically say a word , she stick it right enough that she minor hand shake get on the tip of he nose . he , sell . connelly it 's french onion . Alex swallow , and smile . Mrs. connelly sit down on the couch , too close to Nancy . she pat she knee , happily . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) there . nancy how be you feel , Mrs. connelly ? mrs. connelly why do you ask , dear ? nancy because the last time we see you , you be quite ill . mrs . connelly oh , I have a bit of a cold . I be in fine fettle now . but do tell I about yourselves . what do you do , Alan ? alex Alex . nancy Alex be a writer . mrs . connelly oh a writer , I always think of that as more of a hobby than a real job . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 19 . nancy Alex 's first novel be publish in hardback and he 's about to hand in he second one . mrs . connelly what 's it about dear ? alex I call it a urban epic . it 's about three generation of a family who own a printing press ... mrs . connelly ( interrupt ) very nice , let I refill that for you . ( indicate the portrait behind she ) Big Dick have the taste too , he be a seaman . the drink take he from I in 1963 . we have be marry for thirty - eight year . Nancy and Alex be do the math in they head . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) ( break the silence ) so now , tell I , when might you be have child ? Alex find this question a little forward ; Nancy do not . nancy soon . alex in a few year . nancy we have talk about two year . alex ( uncomfortable ) depend . mrs . connelly ( pour Alex more wine ) you sound just like Mr. connelly . we never do have child . and it 's too late for I now . Alex and Nancy contemplate this for a beat . in the same shot : ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 20 . little dickie blow I down ! panic flash in Alex 's eye . Nancy cover up . nancy ( genuine concern ) do you have any family at all , Mrs. connelly ? mrs . connelly ah , yes , quite a big family , at one time . my two baby brother , Mike and Joe , take in the flood of 23 . little dickie ( 0.s ) Christ have mercy . mrs . connelly my dear sister lily find herself on the wrong side of a wheat thrasher one St. Kevin 's day ... little dickie ( 0.s ) Christ have mercy . mrs . connelly then poor , sweet uncle Dennis . he die in prison . little dickie ( 0.s ) Christ have mercy . mrs . connelly oh , and Little nuala ... she die horribly . little dickie ( 0.s ) Christ have mercy . mrs . connelly I be afraid all I have leave be my sister alcie . no , no . she 's dead . twenty year now . little dickie ( 0.s ) Christ have mercy . nancy I be so sorry . ( continued ) 21-25 26 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 21 . mrs . connelly ah , well , it 's the irish way . they be all up in heaven wait for I . except for uncle Dennis of course . ( notice ) oh , look at the time . it 's get so late . let I show you out . Mrs. connelly stand to lead they out . Nancy stand with she , though not ready to leave . as Alex rise , a rude noise emanate from he chair . Nancy look at he askance . mrs . connelly ( cont 'd ) oh ... alex it be the chair . Nancy give hima '' let 's just drop it '' look . instead Alex turn back to the chair and pump it with he hand , try to get it to recreate the sound . he turn back to Nancy . alex ( cont 'd ) ( under breath , urgent ) it be the chair . little dickie ( 0.s. ) oh , boy ! on mrs . connelly she smile serenely . Alex , Nancy and Mrs. connelly stand for a awkward moment . nancy you know , Mrs. connelly we never really get to see you apartment . if it 's not too much trouble . mrs . connelly oh , it 's much too late for that . she say this as she close the door in Nancy 's face . omit . 21-25 int . apartment - bedroom - night 26 Nancy brushes she tooth , while Alex in tee-shirt and boxer , walk in read a dictionary . ( continued ) 10/11/06 alex 3rd pink revision 22 . I know it . a macaw be a parrot . he slap the book close with satisfaction and get into bed . Nancy enter from the bathroom nancy as she landlord , be not we legally entitle to see the back of she apartment ? I be gonna check that out on the internet . alex how old do you think she be ? nancy my guess be she 's between 90 and 105 . she actually look pretty good tonight , do not you think ? alex yeah , she look almost ... that 's nice . nancy it be nice . healthy . Nancy turn out the light . there 's a tiny blaze in the fireplace , bathing they in a flicker glow . Alex 's book collection look great in the library bookshelve . it 's paradise . Alex give Nancy a kiss . she kiss of he . thing heating up . they be clothes when ... from above ... the '' hawaii 5 - 0 '' theme song kick in . both laughing as they stare skyward . int . upstair hallway — later Alex knock on the door . alex he back . roll on top pull off each other 's startle , they stop , Mrs. connelly ! Mrs. connelly ! mrs . connelly ( 0.s. ) huh ? oh , I must have fall asleep . alex could you turn down you tv , Mrs . connelly ? ( continued ) 27 28 29 31 32 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 23. mrs . connelly ( 0.s. ) I 'il do that , Alan . int . apartment - bedroom Alex climb back into bed . he and Nancy resume they lovemake . suddenly , the sound of the tv upstairs get much louder . Alex and Nancy roll over , exasperate . omitted 27 int . apartment - bedroom - morning 28 Nancy and Alex lie face up , bleary - eye . another tv show drone through the ceiling . finally , it 's turn off . the alarm clock buzy ... int . apartment - parlor - minute later 29 Nancy be dress for work , head out the door . Alex sip a cup of coffee . both look kinda tired . nancy bye , honey . enjoy you nook . alex I will . int . apartment - NOOK - morning 31 in a series of cut Alex prepare for a day of write . - he turn on he powerbook . - he put on music from a mini - system . he adjust the volume , first up then down . - he open the window a bit . - he adjust he chair . he sit down -- it 's perfect . the music , the light , the temperature . and as he form the perfect sentence in he head ... and he finger press down on the key ... the doorbell ring . by the front door - moment later 32 Alex open the door . Mrs. connelly stand in the hallway . ( continued ) 33 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 24 . mrs . connelly good morning , Alex . alex good morning , Mrs. connelly . can I help you ? Mrs. connelly be hold the bottle of wine from last night . mrs . connelly I want to give this back . I will not drink it and I think you might want it . alex oh , well thank you very much . and if there 's anything else I can do for you , let I know . Alex close the door behind she . he notice the bottle be almost empty . smile to himself as he take a step towards the kitchen and ... the doorbell ring . Alex swing around , open the door . mrs . connelly there be one thing . int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - bathroom - day 33 Alex stand in the claw - foot tub , listen to the wall . alex sorry , I do not hear any bang . mrs . connelly it be very distinctive . the pipe go bang - bang , bangety - bang -bang . ( beat ) bang-bang . Alex press he ear right up against the wall . alex well , I be not hearing any bang right now , but , if it happen again , you come right down and get I , and I nil run up and have a listen . ( continued ) 35 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 25 . mrs . connelly all right then . it 's a deal . Alex head back down the hall . mrs . connelly ( cont 'd ) oh , Alex my dear boy , could you give I a hand with the trash . we do not want to be feed the mouse . alex sure . Alex then see : a impossibly high pile of assort garbage bag . little dickie ( 0.s. ) oh , boy ! int . '' nyny '' magazine — art department — day 35 we pan across several large frame cover of this weekly magazine end up in ... the art department bullpen Nancy be huddle around a flat - screen monitor at a messy desk with tara , 20 , downtown vibe . on the screen -- there 's a layout of a article . tara what do you think ? nancy it look good , but maybe you could ... ( work the mouse , move thing around on -screen ) ...- lower the pull - quote and shrink the picture by a eighth so you can squeeze the text onto one page . she neaten up the layout . it look better . tara you be such a good squeezer , Nancy . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 26 . nancy that 's because until yesterday , I live in a apartment the size of a small child . here , check out the new place . on her screen -- digital photo of she and Alex 's apartment . many be label , both to describe what it be '' a writer' NOOK , '' and to show what 's plan , '' velvety couch here . '' over this visual , Nancy and tara chat . nancy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so you walk into the live room slash parlor area ... notice all the gadroon ... tara ( 0.s. ) what 's gadroon ? nancy ( 0.s. ) I do not exactly know . but we own lot of it . herman ( 0.s. ) lady ! lady ! Nancy 's boss , herman , enter . he 's a perpetually harry , middle - age man . herman ( cont 'd ) do you finish the celebrity scene page ? nancy tickety boo . herman I do not know what that mean . nancy you x11 have it soon . as he exit the office ... herman if you mean soon , say soon . tickety boo be just confusing for everyone . he 's go , Nancy and tara turn back to computer . it 's a picture of Alex in the bathtub , a sign point to '' mr. peabody . '' ( continued ) 36 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 27 . tara ( 0.s ) Mr. peabody ? like the cartoon dog ? int . brownstone - lobby - day 36 several overstuff garbage bag sit in the lobby , wait to be take outside . as Alex , dirty and panting , haul another pack bag down the stair , it break , refuse spilling all over the step . Alex bend down , scoop the garbage back into the bag . without notice , he pick something up , about to put it in the bag when he realize it 's a pair of ratty bloomer . just then , Mrs. connelly walk out , with a small trash can . mrs . connelly what be you do with I drawer ? alex ( defensive ) what ?! no - no , they be in the trash . mrs . connelly ( mortify ) they most certainly be not . they be ... oh , dear . Hand they back , please . alex ( hand they back ) no , really ... mrs . connelly we will not speak of it again , Mr. Rose . she hand he the trash can . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) do not forget to separate the paper from the plastic now . she head back upstairs . mrs. connelly ( cont ’d ) ( under breath , sound like : ) Degenerate . Alex stand helpless in the garbage . 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 28. ext . midtown — afternoon — establishing a wide , expansive shot drift toward the plaza of one particular building . ext . nyny build — entrance — continuous several people mill under the eave of the entrance , smoking . one klatch consist of Nancy , tara and terrence , a co-worker . ( this be the terrence who appear later at the party . also , Nancy do not need to be smoking as long the other be ) . terrence so , when do we get to see this mansion of yours ? nancy ( embarrassed laugh ) it be a mansion , be not it ? oh my God , be we insane ? tara hey , as long as you can afford it . nancy barely . not really . oops . Nancy giggle . tara I would not worry about it . I mean , you be get promote to deputy Art director . Nancy pretend she have no idea what tara be talk about . terrence everybody know , miss kendrick . tara and Alex 's book will probably make some money ... nancy it be so good . and it so great that he have he own place to write now . he 's easily distract . terrence and we be come over when ? ( continued ) a38 38 39 40 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 29 . nancy we be have a housewarm , but first I want to ... we old stuff do not really live up to space ... terrence ka-ch ! nancy ( swear oath ) no . it 's all go to be flea market or garbage pick . behind Nancy , a particularly prickly herman push through the revolve door . he step up to the three , demand a explanation with he petulant stance . tara hey , we be smoking here ! herman I need '' fashion find '' and '' Street smart '' before you go home . herman stalk back inside . the three share a lip-curl at he expense . terrence honestly . I do not know why I sleep with he . int . apartment - bathroom - day a38 Alex furiously scrub he hand with soap . sfx : apartment buzzer omitted 38 ext . the brownstone - night 39 Nancy bound up the step , hold a few shopping bag , pass several stuff garbage bin . int . the apartment - bedroom - continuous 40 Alex be pass out on the bed . the front door open ... nancy ( 0.s. ) Alex ? his eye pop open , he jump off the bed , smoothing out the cover . he rub he eye , exit into ... 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 30 . 4l the parlor / live room area 41 nancy hey , handsome . alex hey . how be work ? they peck on the lip . nancy Fine . you know , herman 's freaking out as usual . ( notice he appearance ) be you napping ? alex um , no , I be just reorganize my book collection . nancy so ... how be the nook ? do you write like a million page today ? alex no , more like five or six ... word . nancy what happen . it 's too sunny ? alex no , we upstairs neighbor keep I busy with chore most of the day . nancy really ? maybe you just have to set some boundary with she . tell she you be work , she 'il understand . alex ( notice she bag ) what 's that ? nancy oh ! I pick up a couple thing on the way home . ( pull out a small area - rug ) it 's a area-rug , do you love it ?! alex it do not seem to cover much of a area . ( continued ) 43 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 31 . nancy it 's a runner . it go in between the room , to tie they together . she pull out a small stool . suddenly , int . mrs . nancy ( cont 'd ) ... this be base on a original alvar aalto design . alex what be it , a guacamole bowl or something ? nancy no , silly , it 's a stool . alex what be we ... hobbit ? they hear a loud banging on the second floor . connelly's bathroom - night 43 mr . dzerzhinsky , a large Russian man stand in the tub . the entire wall have be tear open . he use a pipe - wrench to bang in some new copper piping . Nancy and Alex watch , aghast . mrs . connelly ( to Nancy ) I tell you husband about the problem this morning . the pipe be go ... bang - bang , bangety - bang -bang ... bang - bang . mr . dzerzhinsky very dangerous . Whole bathroom could have explode . ( hand Alex a bill ) this be for you . alex ( look at the bill , then he watch ) you be here three hour ? nancy sweetie , do not you hear he bang around up here ? alex I be asleep . I must have miss it . ( continued ) 44 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 32. mrs . connelly napping in the middle of the workday ... shameful . alex look , I be not gonna pay for something I do not authorize . mr . dzerzhinsky I do the work , my friend . or , I can rip the pipe out of the wall . alex no , no . just plug it up , I 'il get a check . the front door - moment later 44 Mrs. connelly talk with Nancy . mrs . connelly I begge Mr. Rose to do something but he would not listen . the whole apartment be shaking , Nancy . I be terrify . nancy next time , you try I at work before you call for any repair , okay ? here 's my card . Nancy hand Mrs. connelly she card . Alex stand , wait for Nancy . he hear a rude noise o.s. it 's Little dickie . he stare at Alex . he make another rude noise . mrs . connelly oh , Alex , before I forget , it 's the first of the month . she patter over to a counter , retrieve a small stack of money . count it out into Alex 's palm . mrs . connelly ( cont 'd ) twenty .. forty .. fifty .. fifty -five ... sixty .. sixty -five .. seventy .. seventy - five .. seventy -six ... seventy - seven ... seventy - eight .. seventy -nine .. eighty - one ... eighty -two ... ( continued ) 45 46 35 48 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 33. little dickie his head be bob , keep count with she . mrs . connelly ( 0.s ) ( cont 'd ) eighty -three .. eighty -four ... little dickie eighty -three ... eighty-four ... back to scene mrs . connelly eighty-five ... eighty -six .. eighty - seven ... eighty -eight ... she remove a coin purse from she pocket . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) eight -eight twenty -five .. fifty ... seventy - five .. eighty -nine dollar ... and twenty - five , thirty - five , forty - five , fifty cent . would you like to count it ? Alex force a smile . omitted 45 omitted 46 omitted 35 ext . brownstone - morning 48 a cup of coffee in he hand , Alex walk Nancy down the step , to the sidewalk . nancy remember , if she bother you , just lay down the law . be nice ... but firm . two positive and then a negative . alex I ’1ll try to remember that . nancy do not wait up , I be work late , okay ? alex okay ... I love you . ( continued ) 49 50 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 34 . nancy Love you too . Nancy head down the street , Alex watch she go . int . the apartment - writer 's NOOK - morning 49 Alex , a pot of coffee next to he , be at he computer . as he finger land on the keyboard ... the doorbell ring . he get up , determine . by the front door 50 Alex open it onto Mrs. connelly . mrs . connelly good morning , Alex . alex good morning , Mrs. connelly . mrs . connelly Alex , I wonder if I could ask you a quick question . alex now , Mrs. connelly , let I just take a moment to explain my situation to you . as you know , I be a writer , and I have a book contract , and a editor , Jean , who expect I to hand in my book in the next three week . mrs . connelly I see . alex well , what that mean be that , during the day , even though it may not seem like it , I be actually at work . it 's as if I 'ma lawyer at a law - firm . but instead of go to a office , I work from home . so , unless it 's a emergency , from 9 to 6 , I be not available . after that , I would be happy to help you with whatever you want . okay ? ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 35 . mrs . connelly I completely understand . and I apologize for bother you . it 's just ... ( pull a copy of a book from a bag ) I buy you book yesterday , and I wonder if you have sign it . of course , if you be too busy , I can come back after business hour . she hand Alex a copy of he novel , '' crying in the sprinkler . '' Alex clearly feel guilty for be such a jerk . alex no , I would be happy to sign it . you do not have to buy it though , I could have give you one . mrs . connelly it be money well spend . just write something I 'il be able to treasure for many year to come . alex okay . he open the book , see a sticker that read : ' 99 cent ! 's tries to ignore that , as he inscribe the book . alex ( cont 'd ) there you go . I hope you enjoy it . mrs . connelly I know I will . good day . as she get to the door , she turn around . mrs . connelly ( cont 'd ) oh , Alex , I know we just have this discussion , but , well , I be wonder if the firm of Rose and Rose might accompany a old lady to the pharmacy . it 's raining like the Devil 's dew drop out there and I need to renew my monthly . wo not take any time at all . she look at he with puppy - dog eye . 52 53 55 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 36 . int . pharmacy - day 52 Mrs. connelly count out each individual pill from a medicine bottle , Alex and a congenial pharmacist watch she . mrs . connelly thirty six ... thirty seven ... thirty eight ... man ( 0.s. ) Stan , how much for the nicoderm packet ? pharmacist $ 3.99 a box . mrs . connelly oh , dear , I lose my place . ( then , from the beginning ) one ... two ... three ... int . saving bank - day 53 Mrs. connelly pack penny into a penny roll . mrs . connelly ninety -six , ninety - seven , ninety eight , ninety -nine ... we pan over to reveal Alex , next to she , quickly count out another roll . ext . grocery store - day 55 Mrs. connelly be pick grape off a vine , put they ina plastic bag . mrs . connelly twenty -one , twenty - two , twenty - three ... Alex , grab the grape , start count they , quickly . alex ( super-fast ) twenty -four , twenty - five , twenty - six , twenty - seven , twenty - eight , twenty - nine , thirty ! ( look up ) good ? ( continued ) 58 59 60 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 37 . mrs . connelly perfect . ( then , notice ) ooh , blueberry . int . apartment - bedroom - night 58 Alex and Nancy be in bed together . nancy I think you be gonna have a talk with she . alex I do ! I be very clear , but she somehow ... manipulate I . nancy she manipulate you . alex she 's very crafty . a very crafty , old ... lady . from upstairs , the tv come on . int . apartment - bedroom - morning 59 Alex and Nancy be both in a deep , deep sleep . suddenly , from outside , loud cackling and banging . they eye open . without say a word , they turn to each other , play a quick round of rock , paper , scissor to see who have to check it out . int . brownstone - lobby - moment later 60 Nancy lose . she peek she head out the door . two old biddie be lug large instrument case up the door . old biddy # 1 it 's a cold one for November . old biddy # 2 that fat man on the television say we may be get a ' nor Easter . on her landing -- Mrs. connelly see Nancy . mrs. connelly oh , Nancy , good morning ! gertie , Ruth , this be Nancy kendrick . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 38 . biddie hello ! nancy be that musical instrument ? mrs . connelly yes , we be a brass trio . we have get a big concert at Saint augustus on Friday . nancy be not that nice . 61 int . apartment - bedroom - moment later 61 Nancy and Alex listen to a cacophony of horn from upstairs . nancy it sound like '' every breath you take . '' they sit quietly for a beat . nancy ( cont 'd ) let 's go shopping . 62 int . flea market -— day 62 Nancy be walk along when a dealer call to she . dealer do you still want it ? nancy yes . dealer okay ! you win . she smile , turn around to retrieve she peacock as Alex find she , hold a manual typewriter . nancy hey , what have you get ? alex a remington Royal . fifty buck . nancy what be they ask ? ( continued ) 63 67 68 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 39 . alex fifty buck . Nancy frown . omitted 63 int . the apartment - day 67 the place be look great . there 's a fire roaring in the live room . newly purchase piece be smartly mix in with the old stuff . Nancy finish lay down a antique rug in front of the fire . she and Alex take in they surroundings . nancy I love we home . alex it look pretty good . nancy oh my god , I just realize something . we still have not christen it . she kiss he . the two of they fall to the rug , rip each other 's clothes off as we move to the fire and ... dissolve to : the FIRE - later 68 it 's burn down considerably . we pull away from the fire , just as Nancy roll off Alex , both in post-coital bliss . nancy ( slightly out of breath ) I love ... we home . and as she turn she head , she see ... mrs. connelly stand behind the refracted glass of the stairwell , she face spookily distort . nancy ( cont 'd ) ah ! Alex turn he head , see what Nancy 's look at . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 40 . alex oh my god ! they quickly / awkwardly try to cover themselves with they loose clothing as Mrs. connelly exit the brownstone . alex ( cont 'd ) what be she do ?! you think she see the whole thing ?! nancy ew ! I do not know ! do we say anything dirty ?! they hear the front door slam shut . Alex realize ... alex wait , this be my chance . I have to go up there . nancy why ? a69 on a electronics store bag - moment later a69 in he tee-shirt and boxer , Alex pull out '' clap - mate ! '' nancy ( cont 'd ) what be that ? alex clap -mate ! you be the lookout . if you see she come back , knock on the ceiling . 69 int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - day 69 Alex be under Mrs. connelly 's ancient tv like a auto mechanic , install '' clap - mate ! '' little dickie ( rude noise ) alex shut up ! 70 int . nancy and alex 's apartment - continuous 70 her back to the window , Nancy audition various spot for the antique peacock . through the window , we see Mrs. connelly climb the step into the brownstone . 71 72 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 41. int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - continuous 71 finish , Alex stand up , pull the power knob -- turn on the tv . a show come on . he clap twice , the tv shut off . alex ( to himself ) yes ! suddenly , the front door open . little dickie mommy 's home ! panicked , Alex run to the back of the apartment just as ... Mrs. connelly enter . she walk over to Little dickie , open the leftover . mrs . connelly I bring ya a treat , dickie . hot dog ! lemme give it a wee chew first . she chew on a piece of frank , reach she hand into she mouth , feed dickie the now - mushy hot -dog . she head to the back of the apartment . the bathroom 72 she begin fill the tub . close on Mrs. connelly start to disrobe . music : spandau ballet 's '' true . '' ( alt : bryan ferry 's '' slave to Love , '' led Zepplin 's '' Kashmir , '' sade 's '' sweetest taboo , '' muddy Waters , '' backdoor man , " Dylan 's '' Lay Lady Lay , '' springsteen 's '' I be on Fire , '' Van morrison 's '' Moon dance . '' ) Mrs. connelly 's bra fall to the floor . onto Alex 's shoe . we pan up to show he crouching next to the claw - foot tub , look quite panicked . a pair of ratty bloomer float down , cover the bra . they may very well be the same panty Alex fished out of the garbage , as they have a tiny piece of spaghetti stick to they . ( continued ) 74 75 76 77 78 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 42. Alex anxiously shake the unmentionable off he foot . he try to crawl under the tub . no room . we hear the water stop run . the pipe groan . Alex freeze . she 's get in ! int . nancy and alex' apartment - continuous Nancy move the peacock a inch , step back , satisfied . then ... from upstairs , she hear the pipe groan . nancy Holy crap . mrs . connelly step into the water alex listen in terror as Mrs. connelly lower herself into the tub . mrs . connelly < low moan of pleasure > omitted 74 by the front door 75 Nancy let herself in , look around , nervous . mrs . connelly 's hand squeeze water onto she stomach with a sponge . the hand press the sponge to the skin , caress it , move downward . omitted 76 in the hallway 77 Nancy tentatively call out ... nancy Mrs. connelly ? in the bathroom 78 mrs . connelly Nancy ? oh , it so nice to see you . i’1l make ya a cup of tea . ( continued ) 80 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 43. Nancy crane she neck -- no Alex . then , she look up -- through the frost glass of the bathroom window , Nancy see Alex , crouch like a cat on the windowsill . she breathes a sigh of relief , but then , Alex slip , desperately clawing at the frost window , and he disappear . mrs . connelly ( cont 'd ) ooh , they be lovely ... omitted . 80 int . the apartment - day Nancy rush into the apartment . nancy honey ? alex ( 0.s. , faint ) out here ! Nancy rush to a open window and look down at the bushes Alex be sprawle in a thorny mess of branch , struggle to get out while be prick at every movement . nancy baby ! be you okay ? alex what happen to you ?! you be suppose to be the lookout ! nancy I be sorry . ( think ) what be you do in Mrs. connelly 's bathroom ? alex ( dryly ) — it get complicated . nancy ( not want to push it ) oh. oh-kay . ( then ) hey , I find the perfect spot for Mr. peacock . ( continued ) 81 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 44. alex that 's wonderful , honey . Alex struggle and get prick . alex ( cont 'd ) if you could , perhaps , give I a hand ? I be slowly bleed to death . nancy poor baby . Nancy duck she head in . int . apartment - bedroom - later that night 81 alex all right , ready ? here we go . Alex clap twice . they wait , but nothing happen . he stand up on the bed , raise he hand to the ceiling -- another couple of loud clap . the tv remain on . he jump on the bed , towards the ceiling , clapping twice , loudly ... the tv shut off . Nancy and Alex be thrilled . alex ( cont 'd ) it work ! nancy you be a genius ! he hop back into bed -- for once , the room seem incredibly peaceful . as they hold each other , imagine a night of restful sleep ... from above -- they suddenly hear ... clap-clap . Mrs. connelly 's tv turn back on , the horrible noise of a late- night infomercial come into they bedroom . alex how the hell do she know ?! nancy you do not leave the box , right ? on alex -- as a wave of realization wash over he . ( continued ) a90 b90 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 45 . then , from above , they hear ... clap -clap . the tv go off . clap -clap . the tv go on . the clap-clapping continue , as Alex and Nancy listen to Mrs. connelly play with she new toy . omitted a90 int . '' nyny '' magazine - day b90 the office be in a state of control chaos . everyone 's get ready for the magazine to go to print . herman ( 0.s. ) Royal purple ! not purple purple ! Nancy 's phone ring . she pick it up . nancy ( into phone ) Nancy kendrick . mrs . connelly be on the phone , refer to a small card mrs . connelly ( over phone ) Nancy , it 's Mrs. connelly . you tenant . I be call the number on this card you give I . two-one - two ... back to scene herman ( 0.s. ) lady ? emergency ! Nancy motion to tara to deal with it . tara exit . Mrs. connelly can be hear finish the phone number . nancy Mrs. connelly , we be printing we Magazine today , so thing be a little crazy here right now . do you try Alex ? mrs . connelly on the phone . mrs . connelly I need my laundry pick up . and I be afraid you Mr. Rose have show a bit too much interest in my underthings .... 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 46 . back to scene Nancy listen as she try to work . mrs . connelly ( on phone ) just the other day ... herman ( 0.s. ) hurry ! run ! tara re-enter , hold a marked up copy of a article . tara ( quietly ) herman 's change on the Restaurant hot list . he do not read it until this morning . she hand the article to Nancy , who immediately begin make the change on she computer as she half - listen to Mrs. connelly . herman ( 0.s ) Nancy , we magazine be go to go to press in 27 minute ! nancy okay , thank you , Mrs. connelly ... Nancy hang up . herman where 's my new hot list , girl ? herman enter . nancy I be almost do ! close on phone it start ringing again . back to scene herman five second ! on nancy typing as the phone ring , and : ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision herman ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) tickety boo ! nancy ( 0.s. ) okay , okay ... nancy ( cont 'd ) come ! Nancy work in fast-motion . on her screen , she drag a 47 . folder to the trash -- eject the disk , stick a label on it . herman Times up ! out of breath , Nancy put the disk in herman 's hand . the phone continue to ring incessantly over the follow . nancy here ! herman exit . herman ( 0.s. ) this be a procrastinator 's paradise ! 90 int . alex and nancy 's apartment - night 90 tiny pumpkin and ear of indian corn on the spiral staircase suggest a Thanksgiving theme . several housewarming gift sit on a table , near hor d'oevr , salad , etc . Alex show coop around . coop I like it , Alex . it 's really cute . what 's it , like , eight , nine hundred square foot ? alex no , it 's like eighteen hundred . maybe all the fireplace make it seem ... cozier . we have get three fireplace . a91 in the kitchen ag1 Nancy give the still impossibly flat- stomach celine a tour -- the divide wall have be remove . nancy so here it be , the third fireplace . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 48. celine this apartment be amazing . nancy I be so glad that you like it . phew ! in the library jean , a tall , handsome woman nurse a white wine . jean tell I , how 's the end turn out ? alex it 's come along . I mean , I lose a little time , between the move and get settle but -- jean just make sure you turn it in by Wednesday , Alex . management be be very strict with we mid - level author . alex I be only mid-level ? jean right now . of course you will not be after you hand in you masterpiece . the live room Nancy lead herman , terrence , tara and celine on a tour . nancy we be still replace a lot of the furniture , but I be go with a Miller slash eame look . you love eame , terrence . terrence Nancy , I just get a new piece ! b91 the live room b91 back on coop and Alex . they discuss coop 's elephant skin jacket . Alex look across the room , where a tough - look guy in he 40s , chick and he curvaceous , busty date , ginger stand . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 49 . alex do you bring that guy ? coop oh , that 's chick . he 's the guy who 's advise I on the Don piper mystery . alex what , he 's a detective or something ? over shot of chick coop ( 0.s . ) just the opposite . drug , extorsion , kill , loan sharking , you name it . guy 's a real dirtbag . existing shot of alex alex ( adr ) you invite a dirtbag to my party ? coop relax , he 's very discreet . he 's get a perfectly legitimate day job as a cover . on chick , ginger , herman , terrence and tara . herman what do you do , chick ? chick I be a pornographer . everyone smile and nod , hide they surprise . int . brownstone - second floor landing - continuous 93 the group walk up the stair , towards Mrs. connelly 's . nancy she 's this funny old irish lady name Mrs. connelly . she 's play in a brass ensemble at she church tonight . they get to Mrs. connelly 's door , Nancy stick in a key to unlock it . ( continued ) 94 95 96 97 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 50 . nancy ( cont 'd ) there 's all sort of incredible detail , I mean I can not wait for you guy to see ... herman and terrence stick they face in to see : mrs . connelly come at they with a can of mace . back to scene a full blast of mace be suddenly spray through the door . mrs . connelly ( 0.s. ) intruder ! int . nancy and alex 's apartment 94 everyone assemble suddenly hear ... terrence ( 0.s. ) aaahhhh !!! back on the landing 95 terrence clutches he face . herman , gagging , stagger backwards and down the stair . nancy herman ? ext . brownstone - night 96 a ambulance pull out . a squad car idle in front , light flash . int . brownstone - second floor landing - continuous 97 a impose cop , officer dan , have he arm around Mrs. connelly , who look very much the victim . Alex and Nancy sit on the landing . in the b.g. , the party guest file out . officer dan be a landlord do not give you the right to enter you tenant 's premise any time you feel like it . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 51 . nancy we just want to give we friend a little look -see . ( to Mrs. connelly ) I think you be perform at the church tonight . mrs . connelly heavens no . it 's next Friday . we have get a big week of practice ahead of we . Officer Dan re-gain he attention . officer dan you have no right enter in the first place . you terrify this poor woman . Mrs. connelly , you could press charge if you want to . alex what ?! mrs . connelly oh , no , I do not want to do that . they be such a nice couple . ( head into she apartment ) goodnight , now . as the door close , Officer Dan turn back to Alex and Nancy . officer dan ( write a citation ) you get off easy this time , but I nil be watch you two very closely . he hand Alex the citation . chick and Ginger exit Alex and Nancy 's apartment , chick motion for Ginger to wait while he head up the stair . chick hey , Alex , right ? alex yes ... chick ? from he jacket , chick hand Alex a stack of porno dvd be . chick I bring you a little housewarm gift . ( to Nancy ) ( more ) ( continued ) 99 100 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 52 . chick ( cont 'd ) it 's all tasteful stuff , you know , for couple . nancy that 's thoughtful . chick ( point to a movie ) my card 's inside '' ass patrol '' if you need some more . ginger I win a award for that one . int . '' nyny '' magazine - art department - morning 99 Nancy walk up to she work -station . a yellow post - it on she computer read : '' see I - h . '' close on herman 's face it 's red and puffy and really , really piss . int . '' nyny '' magazine - herman 's office - continuous 100 on nancy -- in shock . nancy that 's not fair . she be suppose to be at church . you can not fire I because you get mace . on herman -- he arm in a sling , he face red and puffy . herman oh , believe I , I wish that 's why I be fire you . he throw the Winter preview issue on he desk . herman ( cont 'd ) do you happen to see the Restaurant hot list ? Nancy open it to a Post - it -mark page . on the magazine one page be take up with : ' winter's hottest restaurant .' there 's clearly be a screw - up on the second page because instead of the hot list ... there's a diagram of nancy 's plan for there apartment ( continued ) 103 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 53. in each of the different room , there be photo of Nancy 's and Alex 's head , paste on little cartoon body , with silly caption accompany the picture . nancy ( slowly , stunne ) oh ... my ... god ... we punch in on various image on the page : Alex at he nook , write ( the caption : ' great american novel ! ' ) ; Alex and Nancy in bed , cuddle ; in the kitchen , cooking ( the caption read ' yum ! 's ) . ] further down the page , Nancy 's vision for Mrs. connelly 's place . Alex and Nancy with a baby in a nursery ( Mrs. connelly 's parlor ) ; Alex , in a home - gym ( she bedroom ) , lift a barbell like a strongman ; Alex and Nancy sit in a antique bathtub , Nancy loofah - ing Alex 's back . a arrow point to Alex ( the caption , ' Alex ! 's ) ; a second arrow point towards he crotch ( the caption read : ' Mr. peabody ! 's ) herman how 's Mr. peabody ?! int . apartment —- writer 's NOOK - day 103 Alex have the magazine open to the diagram , as he angrily punch in a number on the telephone . from Mrs. connelly 's apartment , a song -- John mccormick sing '' she move through the Fair '' play loudly . receptionist ( over phone ) '' nyny , '' can I help you ? alex Nancy kendrick please . receptionist ( over phone ) I be sorry , Mrs. kendrick no longer work here . alex what ? receptionist ( over phone ) May I help you with anything else ? Alex hang up the phone . the music from above , drive he nut . ( continued ) 104 105 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 54 . out the window he notice Mrs. connelly strolling past with a small musical instrument case , Little Dick perch on she shoulder . JOHN mccormick record ( skip ) till we wedding day ... till we wedding day ... till we wedding day . he look over to the house - key in a bowl near the front door . then , he eye go he desk , where he see the $ 3,000 fine for trespasp . Alex grab a broom , use it to bang on the ceiling several time . plaster fall , hit he on the face . and he momentarily freak - out , spastically punch the air in anger and frustration . ext . the brownstone - later in the day 104 Nancy exit a cab with several box of she office possession . at the same time , Mrs. connelly return , stop Nancy as she walk up the step . mrs . connelly good evening , Nancy ! I leave a small grocery list on you tape recording at work . do you manage to fill it for I ? nancy ( bewilder but apologetic ) no , i- Mrs. connelly turn away , a little peevish . mrs . connelly that 's all right . it will not be the first dinner I have miss in my life . Mrs. connelly enter the brownstone , let the door close on Nancy who struggle with she pile of box . int . the apartment - moment later 105 Nancy open the front door , stop short ... nancy'' Pov ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 55 . Alex be asleep in the fetal position on the couch , the magazine by he side . the mccormick song be still skip from upstairs . nancy Alex ! he quickly open he eye . see she drag in she box . nancy ( cont 'd ) you can not sleep ! you have to finish you book ! we need money ! I get fire ! alex ( waking up now ) yeah , I know . I see it . nancy you see it ? alex now my parent know my penis be call Mr. peabody . nancy it be not my fault ! ( point upstairs ) she have I on the phone while you be napping ! alex I be not napping ! I tell you I be hide from she ! I can ’t write a goddamn thing in this house ! my book be due on wednesday and I 've written three page in the last six week ! what be we gonna do if I don't finish ?! we have runners and anchors and stool to pay for ! the woman be ruining US ! we 're screwed ! nancy Alex it 's okay . you just need to get out of the house . why do not you go write at a Starbucks or something ? alex and you 'il stay home alone with she all day ? I be tell you will not be able to take it , Nancy . ( more ) ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 56 . alex ( cont 'd ) I mean , I love you , but I have be there , and I do not think you could take it . 108 omitted 108 int . starbucks - day Alex walk in to a pretty empty Starbucks . int . the apartment - day Nancy be on the phone at she kitchen table -- a list of contact display on the titanium powerbook in front of she . nancy I be at " nyny " for four year , freelance before that and ... sfx : doorbell Nancy roll she eye . int . brownstone — foyer — continuous Mrs. connelly ring the bell in a annoying rhythm . mrs . connelly Nancy ! 109 int . the apartment - front door - continuous 109 Nancy open the door and talk to Mrs. connelly . nancy good morning , Mrs. connelly . mrs . connelly well , hello , Nancy . I could not help but notice that Alex leave the house this morning , while you stay home . be everything all right ? nancy actually , I be uh ... downsize from my job . mrs . connelly oh , I be sorry . nancy be there something ... Mrs. connelly ? ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 57 . mrs . connelly I guess you could call it something ! I have get somethin’ on display in my kitchen . Mrs. connelly flash Nancy a big smile . 111 int . mrs. connelly’s apartment — kitchen 111 there 's a small black object on the counter . nancy that 's not a mouse drop . it 's a raisin . mrs . connelly ( lean in to look ) it 's the leaving of a mouse . nancy ( lose patience ) it 's a raisin . Nancy matter - of -factly pick up the object and pop it in she mouth . she get a very strange look on she face . mrs . connelly oh , I spray it with lysol . 112 int . nancy and alex 's bedroom - night 112 Nancy and Alex in bed , Alex type on he powerbook while Nancy rant . nancy ..- and she put on this sweet face and pretend to be all innocent . ( imitate Mrs. connelly ) ' oh , Nancy , come quick , I find the leaving of a mouse . 's like she do not know it be a raisin . alex ( type ) : that 's nice sweetie . she look over at he , frustrated , as he type furiously , not pay attention to she . 113 ext . brownstone - morning 113 it 's raining . Alex exit with a umbrella , give Nancy a little kiss . 114 117 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 58. int . starbucks - morning 114 Alex enter -- see that every seat be fill . ext . tavern ( the slope ) - morning 115 Alex look in the window -- several regular already into they first drink of the day . he enter . int . the slope - continuous 116 he walk up to the bar , lay out he powerbook in front of the world - weary female bartender bartender what can I get you ? alex look , I have about twelve hour to finish this book I be write . can I just sit here , all day , and work ? bartender be my guest . ( point to a old man , scribbling in a notebook ) he say the same thing , thirty seven year ago . Alex look over at the old man , phil , slightly disturb . int . the apartment - kitchen - morning 117 Nancy 's on the phone , the classified ads in front of she . nancy ...- I have not design religious leaflet per se , but I be sure I would be very good at it . ( listen ) one o'clock . great , I will see you then , rabbi . then ... from somewhere ... a echoey voice . mrs . connelly ( 0.s. ) Nancy ! Nancy be you down there ?! Nancy look around -- could it be in she head ? but then , she eye land on the dumbwaiter shaft . inside the dumbwaiter shaft 118 ( continued ) a120 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 59 . Nancy open it up , look up . she see Mrs. connelly look down . nancy what be it , Mrs. connelly ? mrs . connelly Little Dick be catch in the dumbwaiter shaft . nancy how do he get -- suddenly , little dick appear out of the darkness ... screeching horribly as he attack nancy , firmly plant he talon into she hair . it 's like something out of '' the bird . '' nancy ( cont 'd ) aahh ! down shaft on nancy be attack . mrs. connelly ( 0.s. ) stop struggle ! it just make he angry ! the apartment - same 119 Nancy stumble out of the dumbwaiter shaft , run through the apartment , desperately try to detach the peck and squawk Little dickie from she head . little dickie < squawk > oh , boy ! Christ have mercy ! int . the foyer - same a120 Nancy run into the foyer with the bird still attach . Mrs. connelly exit from she apartment . little dickie Christ ! Christ ! < squawk > oh , boy ! nancy abhh!i!i!!! Nancy finally manage to rip Little Dick off she head , and the bird fly up to the second floor , where Mrs. connelly grab hold of he . ( continued ) 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 60 . mrs . connelly ( gently stroking li’l Dick ) shame on ya , scare a helpless little macaw like that . int . the slope - day 120 Alex type furiously , a mug of coffee next to he . int . brownstone lobby - minute later 121 Nancy , she face slightly peck up , exit the apartment in a job interview suit , carry she portfolio case . she look up , see Mrs. connelly exite she apartment . mrs . connelly oh , Nancy , I be just about to ring you . I be afraid there 's a bit of a problem up here . nancy ( not so nice ) I be on my way to a job interview , Mrs. connelly . I '’11 have to take care of it later . mrs . connelly that 's okay , I 'il just call a rugman ? nancy the what ? Nancy sigh . omit 122 omit 123 omit 124 omit 125 int . bar - night 126 Alex be type like a madman . finally , he pound one more key , look up from the screen pump the air , exultant ! 127-141 omit 127-141 a142 b142 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 61. int . the brownstone - day a142 her portfolio case next to she , Nancy quickly hammer nail into the carpet-runner at the top of the stair . mrs . connelly nail it down good now , I would not want to slip and break my neck .. nancy nope , you would not want to do that . Mrs. connelly lean down . mrs . connelly this be the problem area , here .. she rip up a section of nail - down runner , the pop out in succession . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) ... it 's looser than a Dublin whore . ( be : Nancy 's hammer ) there ya go , put a little elbow grease into it . nancy okay , I will . and in a flash ... Nancy suddenly push she down the stair . nail Mrs. connelly tumble end over end , until she land with a thud at the bottom of the step . int . the slope - night b142 Nancy and Alex sit in a booth -- Alex look stunne . alex you throw Mrs. connelly down the stair ?! nancy no , of course not ! but I imagine it ! and I like it ! I be evil . I be a horrible , horrible person . alex you be not horrible . that woman have practically ruin we life . ( more ) ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 62 . alex ( cont 'd ) it 's perfectly normal to have thought like that . I have even have a couple of harmless one myself . 142 omitted 142 143 omitted 143 144 omitted 144 145 omitted 145 146 the east river — night 146 alex toss the squirming mrs . connelly in a sack into the river . 148 back to the bar 148 nancy like what ? alex ( casually ) just , you know , snap she neck , electrocute she ... just beat she to death ... decapitate she , drown she , bludgeon she , but asphyxiate she first so she do not feel anything . nancy ( smile ) you be evil too ! a149 ext . brownstone - night a149 Alex and Nancy walk up the step , hand in hand , Alex carry he powerbook . alex it be incredible . the last sixty page just pour out of I . nancy let 's open up that really good champagne , have a little celebration . as they approach the front door , they hear Mrs. connelly scream o.s. b149 c149 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 63. int . brownstone - night b1l49 they enter the building , see Mrs. connelly outside she door . mrs . connelly Alex , Nancy , come quick ! a huge rat just run under I cupboard . Alex and Nancy look at each other . nancy i’1l pop the cork . she smile at he , he head upstairs . int . mrs. connelly’s apartment - moment later c149 Alex enter the apartment , Mrs. connelly lead he to she live room . a fire blaze in she fireplace . Alex set he powerbook case on she coffee-table , next to the phone book ( which be from 1970 ) . alex ( do not believe she at all ) well , let 's just see if we can not find this big-bad-rat . Alex lean down , look under the cupboard . see nothing but a thick layer of dust . alex ( cont 'd ) you sure it be not a dust -bunny ? that thing kind of scurry when you -- mrs . connelly I see it with my own two eye . it be the size of a cocker spaniel . alex I be sorry , I just do not -- mrs . connelly the rat ! Alex whip he head around -- see the smallest mouse in the world dart across the room . ( continued ) d149 e149 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 64 . Mrs. connelly reach towards the coffee-table , grab Alex 's powerbook instead of the phone book , hurl it at the scurrying mouse . the computer crash to the floor , miss the mouse , but one - hopping right into the fireplace . alex no-no-no ! mrs . connelly oh , dear , you purse fall into the fire . Alex fight the fire , try to get at he computer . mrs. connelly ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) mind now , you be get ash on my rug ! int . brownstone - stairway - moment later d149 his jacket and powerbook engulf in flame , Alex fly down the stair , pass Nancy who open they door hold a bottle of champagne . nancy Alex ?! alex door-door-door-door ! she run to the door , avoid he flame hand , shaking the champagne bottle in the process . she open it as ... ext . brownstone night e149 ..- Alex leap out of the brownstone , trip and lurch forward , the smoking coat / laptop fly out of he hand . slow motion -- as the powerbook soar through the air , landing , not - so-gently on the street -- burnt , but salvageable . Alex breathes a sigh of relief when ... a tow - truck barrel over the computer , as well as the suv that it tow . and as Alex take this in , horrify . the champagne Nancy be hold open with a festive pop . 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 65 . 149 int . the apartment - bedroom - later that night 149 above they , Mrs. connelly 's tv blare . the water stain in the corner of they ceiling continue to grow . from above female newscaster ( 0.s. ) ..- accompany by nausea and violent diarrhea . doctor warn that this Indonesian strain of the flu be particularly dangerous and potentially deadly to young child and especially the elderly . Nancy and Alex watch this silently . 150 int . brownstone - lobby - morning 150 Alex , wear slack and a sport - coat walk toward the door . mrs . connelly oh , Mr. Rose . Alex look up , see she at the top of the stair . mrs . connelly ( cont 'd ) could you sprinkle some salt on the step ? they be terribly icy . alex you better not go outside then . 151 ext . brownstone - day 151 Alex exit . through the door , we see he take a terrific fall down the step . 152-155 omit 152-155 a156 int . fancy manhattan restaurant - day a156 Alex explain he story to Jean , who seem to be buy it , shaking she head in disbelief . alex yes ! and then I get it outside , trip , and a tow -truck run it over . follow by a suv . jean Alex , no , that be horrible ! ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 66 . alex ( chuckle with she ) I know . can you believe it ? beat . then , Jean get serious . jean no , I can not . I try to warn you , Alex . we be cancel every contract that 's in breach . alex in breach . jean I be sorry , darling . maybe if you put as much energy into you work as you do into excuse , you have have make the deadline . ( to waiter ) I 'il have the shark . no bone ... ext . midtown — continuous Nancy and tara , in coat and hat , exit a deli which have various Thanksgiving decoration in its window ; tara be carry a plastic bag with the lunch she have just buy . tara in a way , you be lucky . herman have be a superdick since you leave . they begin walk down the street , past mostly successful people . perhaps they pass a book store that be plaster with poster for coop 's latest book . nancy lucky ? I can not find a job , I be go to lose my apartment , my husband and I have not make love in week . all because of goddamn Mrs. connelly ... tara ( shocked ) Alex be have a affair with Mrs. connelly ? nancy no ! it 's just ... ( really upset ) ( more ) ( continued ) +e % + h hk + eh +e % b156 c156 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 67. nancy ( cont 'd ) all I ever want be a nice home , a couple of bedroom , clawfoot bathtub , a day room for a baby ... ( realize ) how can I have a baby with no sex ? tara oh , sweetie , I be so sorry . if there 's anything I can do . I do not have any money . nancy no , I do not want ... but could you keep a eye out , ask around about a job ? tara ( uncomfortable ) Nancy , I do not know ... you be pretty famous , in a infamous kind of way . maybe in a couple of year . Nancy look doom . a old woman pass they , coughing . tara ( cont 'd ) I hope I do not get that flu . I have get so much freelance work to do . ( off Nancy 's look ) sorry . ( lift up plastic bag ) would you like half my sandwich ? Nancy think about this for a second . nancy sure . omitted . b156 int . subway car - late afternoon c156 a glum Alex be smashed in among commuter . he notice a woman read a new york post -- the cover read : '' killer flu strike again . '' Alex glance across the car , see that there be several empty seat next to one very sick - looking businessman . Alex stare at the guy , who 's cough , sneezing , shaking he head in misery . the subway go into a tunnel -- the light short out for a moment . a dark figure move forward . ( continued ) he hhh HH fh HH HH hhh ff HH fh hhh * * 156 157 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 68 . the train emerge from the tunnel , head out to Brooklyn , daylight now fill the car . Alex stand , face the very sick - look businessman . alex how 's it go ? the businessman cough . Alex lean in to breathe from it . the businessman sneeze . Alex swing he face through the mist , in the agonize ecstacy of a martyre saint . int . apartment - bedroom - night Nancy and Alex lie in bed , look incredibly sick . nancy how do you feel ? alex like I be knock on death 's door . on mrs . connelly’s door knock-knock ! int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - minute later Mrs. connelly open she front door onto Alex and Nancy , try , futilely , to look healthy . mrs . connelly oh , look who 's here ! nancy hi , Mrs. connelly ! alex ( hit the ' h ’) happy Thanksgiving . mrs . connelly come in , dear . be you feel okay ? you both look a bit sallow ? 156 157 they walk in , casually touch surface as they head towards the sit area . Alex half - stifles a sneeze . nancy no - no , we be fine . ( continued ) 158 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 69 . alex we bring you some popcorn . seat now , Nancy put she hand over Mrs. connelly 's , lean in close to she face . nancy do you manage to get a little turkey , Mrs. connelly ? mrs . connelly I do . that lovely black woman from the Post Office bring I a sumptuous dinner . alex be not that sweet of she . Alex smile at she , rub he sniffle nose , then , run that same hand over she armchair . mrs . connelly but I be afraid some of the carcass do not go down the disposal . Nancy and Alex suddenly look concerned . nancy that 's ' cause you do not have a disposal , Mrs. connelly . mrs . connelly I do not ? int . mrs . connelly’s kitchen - minute later 158 close on the sink -- it 's a greasy cesspool with skin float on the surface , glop of turkey bone , mashed potato , cranberry sauce churn in it . ale lie under the sink , inexpertly struggle to loosen the elbow joint . Nancy be above the sink , look down . below -- the joint suddenly jar loose , and Alex see a large piece of gelatinous fat lodge in the pipe . he take the handle of a wire brush and jab at the gristle . one , two , three . on the third poke the fat fly straight out of the drain and land on nancy 's face like a jellyfish . Nancy gag , spit , look like she 's gonna ... below ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 70 . Alex be delighted . alex all right ! Alex look up the pipe . alex' pipe Pov Nancy vomit down the drain . Alex be cover with vomitus . mrs . connelly watch this casually . mrs . connelly I do not care what ya say , look to I like you have get some sort of bug . thank god Officer Dan take I to get a flu shot last week . 160 int . hometown realty - day 160 close on a mural of brooklyn -- real estate agent Kenneth stand in front of the Brooklyn Bridge , arm extend . Nancy and Alex sit in front of it , who look horrible . alex ( all business ) how much can we get , Kenneth ? kenneth that depend on how much you come down on the price . ( off Alex 's stare ) you way overpaid , and what , with that tenant ... nancy you say she be a sweet old lady ... kenneth I can not imagine say that . nancy so you be tell we we be stick with that hell - hole ? ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 71 . kenneth yeah , unless you be willing to take a huge , huge loss . alex huge ? kenneth ( correct ) huge huge . Alex and Nancy look extremely distress . ext . brooklyn - midday it 's cold and bright . the pole be stripe for Christmas . Alex and Nancy huddle together for warm and comfort . nancy we be so screw . alex yes . we be that . nancy ( at wit end ) what be we go to do ? we do not have a '' huge , huge '' to lose even if we want to . oh , Alex , what be we .+. I mean , we already try to ... '' k " she ... alex ( momentarily confuse , then indignant . ) we do not . Nancy can not believe he would say that . nancy Alex ! the flu ? we ... she pantomime wiping she nose with she sleeve as she do earlier . Alex lower he eye like a very bad little boy . Nancy and Alex walk silently for a beat . nancy ( cont 'd ) ( eye welling ) we be horrible ! ( continued ) close on 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 72. alex no. no ! nancy we be such bad people ! alex no , we brain be infect with super viruse . we be probably legally insane . nancy we have get to make it up to she . alex ( incredulous ) what ? I feel bad . but not that bad . nancy ( brighten ) maybe we could buy she a gift , or flower , a little cake ... and just very politely explain we situation ... and then we could ask she if she would not mind leave ... alex have you ever meet this Mrs. connelly ? nancy okay , well maybe we will have to beg a little . but nicely . alex ( consider , agree ) she might go for begging ... a open box of godiva™ chocolate . a elderly thumb push deep into one of they . int . mrs . connelly’s apartment — parlor — continuous Mrs. connelly frown , and thumb another chocolate . Alex and Nancy sit across from she , not look well . nancy Mrs. connelly , there 's a chart show what 's inside each chocolate . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 73. mrs . connelly ( thumbing a chocolate ) that 's all right , dear . Mrs. connelly pick up a chocolate apparently to she like and put it in she mouth . she make a face and spit it out into she hand . she place the wet chocolate back into its spot in the box . alex so , Mrs. connelly , the reason we ... mrs . connelly ( not listen ) you two be the nicest landlord I have ever have ! so many of they be not very nice at all , in the end . alex you have have a lot of landlord ? mrs . connelly gob and gob ! ten in the past eight year , if you can believe it . Mrs. connelly hand Nancy a photo album . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) my rogue 's gallery , if you will . Nancy open the album , and start turn the page . on album it 's page after page of young couple like Alex and Nancy . back to scene Nancy and Alex stare as they turn the page . nancy all this people own this apartment and then move out ? mrs . connelly well , they do not all move out . poor Mr. myer take he own life . ( entre nous ) have money problem . ( continued ) % +e * hf 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 74 . on album the procession continue . some of the couple be in what be clearly sixty and seventies garb . on alex and nancy mortify . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) smile ! they look up . they be blind by a flash of light . mrs . connelly have just take they picture with a camera . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) ( delighted ) and now I have get you two ! Alex and Nancy blink , from the flash and in disbelief . Alex turn he head down as he blink and see ... the bottom of the bird stand be paper with page from a book . clearly visible be the page Alex inscribe to Mrs. connelly , '' to my favorite upstairs neighbor ... '' in that moment , bird shit land on it . back to scene alex be that my novel ? mrs . connelly I be sorry , Alan , I could not read it . it be filthy dirty . ( to Nancy ) Mr. connelly hide he dirty book inside the toilet tank . Nancy squeeze Alex 's arm tightly . he swallow he rage . nancy Mrs. connelly , let I come right to the point : Alex and I be try to have a baby . mrs . connelly ( know , judgemental ) I see . in the live room . ( continued ) * 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 75 . nancy right . but the thing be , when we do ... have we baby . well , we be go to need this upstairs . mrs . connelly I do not understand , dear . alex we be willing to pay you . something . nancy in installment . mrs . connelly you want I to leave ? alex do not you want to be with people who be more ... in you demographic ? nancy in beautiful , sunny Miami Beach ? mrs . connelly I be irish , dear . I would sizzle up like a sausage . alex then how about the bronx ? it 's load with irish people . right off the boat . nancy gob and gob of they . mrs . connelly oh , you would not catch I in the bronx after dark . besides , this be my home . why , my Mr. connelly be bury out in the back . ( think ) somewhere . little dickie Christ have mercy ! Nancy blink , stunne . Alex 's eye flit back and forth , desperately , try to think of ... ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 76 . alex ( get idea ) Home ! the emerald isle ! ( crappy irish accent ) back to the old sod ! Alex do a leprechaun bounce of the head , then realize he 's embarrassing himself and stop . he and Nancy look forlorn . mrs . connelly well , now , there 's a think ... Nancy and Alex be initially more shocked than pleased . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) ( think it through ) I have not be back home in fifty year ... but I do still have the old family cottage in connemara . with she eye she indicate a painting / photograph on the wall of what might more properly be call a manor house . Alex and Nancy regroup and go for the sale . nancy Ireland be so beautiful . Green . alex and they be in the EU now ... Nancy give Alex a look . he shrug . Mrs. connelly nod she head , smile ... mrs . connelly well , I would have to give it some think ... ( thumbing chocolate ) ooh , a caramel ! Mrs. connelly pop the chocolate in she mouth . mrs. connelly ( cont ’d ) most likely they have get television by now ... nancy oh , I be sure they do . alex Color ! ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 77 . Mrs. connelly 's mouth be open as she mull . her tongue slowly circumnavigate the chocolate . Alex and Nancy be on the edge of they seat , they excitement tempere by revulsion . Mrs. connelly snap she mouth shut and nod happily . she 's make up she mind . mrs . connelly ( cheerily ) you know , I have get half a mind to -- Mrs. connelly suddenly stop talk . nancy Mrs. connelly ? Mrs. connelly be turn red . she 's choking . Alex jump up and hoist Mrs. connelly out of she chair . he heimlich 's she violently , several time . the chocolate fly out . on nancy the chocolate splat onto she forehead . on alex relieved , Alex relax he grip on Mrs. connelly . she instantly drop out of frame . we hear a dead thump . Nancy drop to Mrs. connelly 's side , feel she neck pulse . nancy ( cont 'd ) oh , God ! alex clear ! Alex slam he fist down on Mrs. connelly chest , like he 's see on tv . nancy what be you do ?!! alex cpr . Nancy push Alex away , and start do real cpr . Alex look on helplessly . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 78 . nancy give she mouth - to-mouth ! Alex be terrify . but dutifully , he open Mrs. connelly 's mouth and blow in . he come up for breath , start to blow again . Mrs. connelly eye snap open . he back off , startle . mrs . connelly what be you do ? Mrs. connelly 's Pov Alex be at a loss for word . his mouth be also smear with lipstick . she look down . Nancy be straddle she and have she hand on Mrs. connelly 's breast . nancy you choke on chocolate . Mrs. connelly look as if she 's just realize something . mrs . connelly oh . ext . park slope police station — afternoon int . park slope police station — continuous Alex and Nancy sit in front of a desk . Officer Dan sit on the other side , stare at they . sitting next to he be Mrs. connelly . mrs . connelly the last thing I remember be eat one of they chocolate , and when I wake , he be have he way and she be hold I down . Alex go into a explanation . as he gesture , we see the tip of each of he finger be inky black . alex ( shit-eate laugh ) she 's confuse . what — Officer Dan practically lunge across he desk and grab Alex 's mouth , digging he thumb and forefinger deep into Alex 's cheek . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 79 . close on Officer Dan 's quite massive face . officer dan you sicken I . nancy there 's be a misunderstanding . honestly . officer dan both of you , shut up . Officer Dan stand , still grip Alex 's face . he lean forward . officer dan ( cont ’d ) we keep a list of people like you down here at the station , and you be on that list now . the sexual predator list . alex ( through pinch face ) < dismissive snort > sexual predator ? Officer Dan squeeze he face very hard . nancy my husband be not a sexual predator . I would know . Alex be not sure how to take that . mrs . connelly he steal my drawer once . for sniff . Nancy look to Alex alarmed . he start to try to protest , but Officer Dan redirect Alex 's attention with a jerk of he face . officer dan if I see you , anywhere , in the park , loitering in public rest room , approach a child or elderly person , or a dog , I will shoot you . Officer Dan let go , and sit down . he pick up the box of Godiva chocolate . ( continued ) 164 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 80. officer dan ( cont ’d ) we be have this test . Mrs. connelly shake she head scornfully . mrs . connelly and to think they want to have child ! this comment hit Nancy hard . ext . park slope police station — afternoon Alex and Nancy exit the station house . they be too devastate and angry to notice the police officer walk very close by . alex we should have just let she choke . nancy ( realize they could have ) oh , poop ! Nancy and Alex turn to each other . alex well , we be not go to make that mistake again . int . brownstone - lobby - day 164 Mrs. connelly exit the building , carry Little dickie . Alex and Nancy emerge from they apartment wear black sweatsuit ensemble and glove . Nancy carry some tool . nancy go , go , go , we do not have much time . alex I know , she 's run errand . that only give we twelve hour . Nancy push he playfully as they head up the stair , into she apartment . 165 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 81. int . mrs . connelly's apartment - moment later 165 Alex and Nancy scurry into the apartment , do recon like commando . they both seem hop up , and not quite in they right mind . Alex dart about the room , scout op . he look down at : the carpet with he foot , he scrunches it up a bit , leave a hazardous bulge . alex give himself a grim thumb up and move on . nancy scan the room . her eye fall upon a stand up lamp . nancy bulls-eye . alex crouches down next to a tv tray next to Mrs. connelly 's chair . he be unscrew the top of a salt shaker and pour it in the sugar bowl . alex a little salt in the sugar bowl ... nancy be take apart the lamp . she look up . nancy Salt in she sugar ? what 's that go to do ? alex mull this . alex ( save face ) well . maybe if she have high blood pressure ... nancy ( 0.s. ) honey , check this out . ( continued ) +e hf % 166 167 168 169 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 82. alex Roger . Alex turn quickly and rush to join Nancy , but trip on the carpet and go down . nancy ( 0.s. ) Alex ! Alex pop back up and continue toward Nancy . alex I be all right ! Alex approach Nancy , who have the lamp mostly dismantle . alex ( cont 'd ) you sure you know what you be do ? nancy I wire that desk - lamp in we old apartment . alex well , if the shock do not kill she ... Alex head towards the kitchen ... alex ( cont 'd ) a little bit of gas poisoning should do the trick . Nancy give he a thumb - up , as Alex disappear down the hall . intercut alex and nancy - Nancy unscrew a light - bulb . 166 - Alex pull old , greasy trays from the stove 's broiler . 167 - Nancy pull out two wire from the lamp -- hold a pain géf wire - shredder in she mouth . - Alex stick he head in the broiler , blow out the pilot 169 light . alex ( cont 'd ) and , out go the pilot . ( continued ) 170 171 172 173 174 175 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 83. - Nancy use the wire - shredder to peel off the protective 170 coating on the lamp 's wire . - Alex turn on the oven , hear the familiar hiss of gas . 171 alex ( cont 'd ) a hour at 375 should do it . - Nancy , hold two live - wire in she hand , call out ... 172 nancy do you blow out the pilot for the burner ? Alex look at the oven - knob , hear the gas escape , see lth blue-light of the burner pilot just as ... a huge fireball ignites in he face ... in the live room 174 Nancy see Alex blown backward past the live room ... nancy ( cont 'd ) honey ?! as she crane she head , she accidentally connect the live - wire ... shocking herself ... she hair stand on end , she eye- ball popping out of there socket and we ... smash CUT to : int . the apartment - bedroom - night 175 Alex and Nancy lie in bed , each distinctively fry -- Alex red -face and blister , Nancy 's hair a frizzy mess . she look up , see that the water-stain on the ceiling have grow over they bed . nancy Alex ... the stain be drip on we . alex I know . be not it soothing ? a drip of water land on he forehead . he close he eye in relief . then ... the water start come faster . the drip drip drip echoe in Alex 's mind . the wheel start turn . 176 177-178 a179 179 a180 180 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 84. int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - day 176 Mrs. connelly open the door onto Alex , carry a tool - kit . alex we have get a big water-stain downstairs , Mrs. connelly . I need to look at the pipe , okay ? mrs . connelly what on God 's Green Earth happen to you face ? Alex head to Mrs. connelly 's bathroom . alex I try to keep a tan in the winter . Nancy say it 's flatter . mrs. connelly flatterin 's ? you look like a roast mutton . Alex head into the bathroom . omitted 177-178 omitted a179 int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - later 179 Alex have rip off the temporary piece of wood dzerzhinsky use to patch up he hole . he have he tool laid out in the tub . mrs . connelly how you doin 's in there , mutton - head ? alex almost do . in the wall -- use a wrench , he loosen the joint , let a steady stream of water out of the pipe . in series of dissolves a180 we see the deteriation of the canvas ceiling . during the last dissolve the camera follow the fall to the pot and pan below . omitted 180 181 182 183 184 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 85 . omitted 181 omitted 182 omitted . 183 the bedroom - that night 184 Alex and Nancy under the cover , nervous . Nancy work on she titanium powerbook . from above , we hear mute irish dance music . alex get very soggy up there ... Alex get up to check on the hole in the ceiling . nancy you know , as long as we be put a hole in the ceiling , this might be a better place for a stair- case . what do you think ? she show Alex she computer screen -- on - screen , a new diagram of the apartment . alex ( distract ) sure . between floors Alex 's head emerge and look around with a flashlight . alex ( adr ) ( cont 'd ) I give this floorboard another week ... back to scene Alex climb down the ladder . alex ( adr ) ( cont 'd ) and then it 's ( chipper ) '' ding ! Ground floor , Mrs. connelly ! '' he run out of the room . nancy where be you go ?! ( continued ) 185-198 199 a214 b214 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 86. alex ( os ) a little insurance . he come back with ... nancy 's antique peacock -- it 's plume of sharp , wringht iron feather stick in the air . he set it down , right under the ceiling 's weak -spot . nancy no , Alex , not Mr. peacock ! alex honey , Mr. peacock be go to have to take one for the team . a quarter- second later : omitted . 185-198 the ceiling 199 fall in , bring wood , plaster and loud irish music with it . Alex and Nancy barely escape be kill . close on mrs . connelly look down through the hole in she riverdance outfit . mrs . connelly Jesus , Mary and Joseph ! I could have fall right through . ext . the brownstone - that night a214 a cop-car and a ambulance idle outside . int . the apartment - continuous b214 Officer Dan speak with Alex . two paramedics work on Nancy . the paramedic lift she leg , Nancy yelp in pain . officer dan ( inspect the ceiling ) this floorboard have rotted to the core . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 87. alex Mrs. connelly hire this Russian guy to fix the pipe . he leave we with all this water damage . from upstair -- Mrs. connelly peek she head through the hole . mrs . connelly with all due respect to Mr. D , Alex , you do come up two day ago to do you handiwork . officer dan that 's another fine right there . ( like it 's obvious ) you can not plumb without a license in New York City . alex plumb ? I can not plumb ? Officer Dan casually loop he thumb through he holster . officer dan be you try to sass I , Mr. Rose ? alex who 's sass ? nobody 's sass . as Officer Dan speak , Alex 's eye focus on he gun ... officer dan no , I do not think so . Cause I know city inspector who eat slumlord like you for breakfast ... alex slumlord , that 's ... officer dan if I be you , I have fix this ceiling as fast as I damn well could . and ... you be gonna buy Mrs. connelly a new tv . in fact , I will pick it out for you myself , Mrs. C . mrs . connelly could you put in one of that clappy thing as well ? Nancy and Alex surprised I with one , it make my view so much easier . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 88. Alex look up at Mrs. connelly . she smile and clap - twice . ext . CITY - alley — night a drug dealer ply he trade . Alex sidle up to he . drug dealer smoke ? mesc ? ' lude ? alex ( under he breath ) gun ? the drug dealer turn around . he and Alex speak quietly . scruffy gentleman what ? alex gun . I need to buy a gun . you know ... for shoot . the drug dealer look offended . nancy ( 0.s. ) Alex ! Alex turn to see nancy stand next to a beat up car be drive by a gun dealer . nancy ( cont 'd ) I find we a ... un-gay . Nancy make a gun shape with she hand . the gun Dealer roll he eye . dissolve to : later Alex and Nancy stand with the gun Dealer behind the car . they both look very nervous . the dealer pop the trunk ; it 's load with gun . Nancy 's eye widen . gun dealer ( suspicious ) you two be not go on some kind of wild sex - murder spree , be you ? ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 89 . alex no , no , nothing like that . ( beat ) do we look like the kind of people who would go on a spree ? gun dealer you look a little crazy , yes . nancy we have be under a lot of stress . Alex point into the trunk . alex how about that ? it 's a 44 - Magnum , the most powerful handgun on earth . gun dealer ( derisive smile ) yeah . that 's a little too much gun for you . here we go . ( display gun ) Black widow , you basic 22 - caliber revolver . five hundred dollar . nancy it cost half that on the web ! the gun dealer nonchalantly slam the trunk close . alex five hundred 's fine . Cash , right ? the dealer give he a '' what do you think , '' stare . Alex count out almost all of he money and hand it over . gun dealer thanks . one last thing : I be a cop . Alex and Nancy lose it , crumble to the ground . nancy oh , no ! alex you do not understand , we have have not sleep in month ! she kill my computer ! she crippled my wife ! ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 90 . nancy we do not make love anymore ! and I miss it so much ! the gun dealer crack a smile . gun dealer just fuck with you . Nancy and Alex get back up , try to regain they dignity . gun dealer ( cont 'd ) ( very matter - of - fact ) okay , now I just gotta give you my standard rap : if you end up in the legal system , and there 's even a suggestion I might have be involved , you be dead , you child be dead . Alex and Nancy get up , sniffling . alex we do not have any child . ( put arm around Nancy ) we be try . the gun dealer start to get in he car . gun dealer yeah , well good luck with that . nancy thank you . gun dealer do not shoot anybody I would not shoot . the dealer peel out , spitting garbage at Alex and Nancy . d214 int . apartment — parlor — night d214 close on nancy nancy so it 's come to this . wider -- to reveal Nancy and Alex sit around the kitchen table , a gun between they . Nancy wear a huge foot -cast . alex I guess it have . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 91 . Nancy pick the gun off the table . nancy I do not think I have ever even hold a gu - — as Alex instinctively raise he hand , the gun goe off . CUT to black ext . park slope hospital — night int . hospital — emergency room — continuous Nancy sit by Alex 's side , tightly hold he leave hand , on a small hospital bed surround by a curtain partition . Alex 's right hand be bandage . a hot , young female resident , dr . kang , nonchalantly brief he . dr . kang you be very lucky . you hand deflect the bullet into the soft tissue of you groin . no major organ be damage . alex ( incredulous ) what be --? it go into my -- dr . kang yes , but it go straight through the meatus . I have see piercing that be worse . ( dark chuckle ) a lot worse . nancy ( worried ) but what about ... the other thing ... down there . dr . kang ( one woman to another ) they be unharme . nancy so we will still be able to have child ? dr . kang one way or another . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 92. nancy oh , thank God . Alex shoot Nancy a look . nancy ( cont 'd ) ( again concerned ) so how long will he have to stay in the hospital ? dr . kang ( to Alex ) oh , you can leave any time . ( mark she chart ) I be go to prescribe a antibiotic , keep the bandage fresh , and if there 's any pain , a couple of advil should take care of it . alex ( perplex ) do not I need , I do not know , physical therapy or something ? dr . kang ( smile , eyebrow raise ) no , just , well , you should probably keep you hand off it for awhile . ( smile , to Nancy ) both of you . Dr. kang duck out . Nancy look at Alex apologetically . nancy poor Mr. peabody ... alex ( forgive she ) he take one for the team . Officer Dan pop in from behind the curtain . officer dan ( officious ) I think I have get everything I need here . we have get the unlicense gun charge , and then , pend a investigation ... ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 93. nancy it be a accident ! officer dan it 's be my experience that wife do not accidentally shoot they husband in the penis . and as much as this particular man may deserve it , spousal abuse be a very serious crime in this state . now , you two have a good night now ... Officer Dan exit . Nancy look worried , but then Alex 's smile comfort she . alex he think you be abuse I . well , you do shoot I . nancy ( worried ) oh , honey , I just feel like we be approach this whole murder thing the wrong way . alex ( indicate crotch with he bandage hand ) ya think ?! she gently stroke he wounded hand . nancy ( think ) maybe if we keep it simple ... b216 int . the dumbwaiter shaft - night b216 Alex and Nancy pull themselves up the dumbwaiter . Alex hold a pillow . they whisper . alex this be so not simple . nancy yeah , but you know she triple - chain the front door at night . as they pull themselves up : nancy ( cont 'd ) a little more ... ( continued ) c216 d216 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 94 . alex ( back to camera ) hey , be this my pillow ? int . mrs . connelly’s bedroom - minute later c216 Nancy and Alex sneak into the bedroom , but there 's no Mrs. connelly . alex where be she ? nancy maybe she 's in she chair ... in the live room d216 Alex and Nancy sneak around , they eye landing on ... the chair it 's empty . then something light up in the darkness behind it . a match be light . the flame hover in the air . after a moment , the red tip of a cigarette glow , illuminate two disembody eye , stare sternly . alex ( quietly ) ah ! mrs . connelly you catch I . I can not help but sneak a fag once in a blue moon . nancy ( think quickly ) Mrs. connelly , we think you might be cold , so we bring you a extra pillow . Nancy offer the pillow to Mrs. connelly , who stand up , edging towards they . mrs . connelly oh , you be so considerate . so unlike the rest of the landlord . Mrs. connelly take the pillow , then begin lead they away from the front door . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 95 . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) so many have pass through that downstairs dwelling , but you two , I just know you be here to stay . they walk around the hole , which be line with caution ! tape . mrs. connelly ( cont ’d ) ( point out flat - screen ) Officer Dan put in my new television . it 's a huge wide - screen plasma tv . neither of they can believe it . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) and he hang this two noise - box behind I chair . they turn they head -- the woman 's get surround - SOUND . Mrs. connelly push they down the hallway . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) oh , it 's gonna be so wonderful around here . you lovely , I , Officer Dan . we be go to be one , big happy family . they be now at the entrance to the dumbwaiter . mrs. connelly ( cont ’d ) ( point to the dumbwaiter ) the irish say it 's bad luck to come in one door and out the other . have something to do with the dead ... they be back against the dumbwaiter . a tiny squawk . little dickie 's shadow on the wall . little dickie Christ have mercy ! on the dumbwaiter Alex and Nancy be inside it . mrs . connelly goodnight , now . ( continued ) e216 f216 c216 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 96 . alex good night . he close the dumbwaiter door . int . the apartment - bedroom - later that night there 's a large piece of scaffolding with a tarped - in e216 platform under the ceiling hole . Alex and Nancy lie in bed . alex that be ... without question , the weirdest seven minute of my life . then , from above they hear : clap -clap . and suddenly , in surround SOUND , '' the perfect Storm '' begin to play -- music pound , clooney and wahlberg scream over the roaring sea . the entire bedroom be shaking . vase fall . Alex 's rare f216 book plummet from the library shelf . upstair Mrs. connelly sit in she chair , watch the movie . mrs . connelly ( loudly ) Captain connelly battle wave twice that size ! the macaw squawk . downstair c216 the noise be deafen . Nancy sweep up the debris with a broom and dust -pan . nancy I mean , be it we ?! be we do such a bad job of try to kill she ?! they wedding picture crash to the floor , the frame shatter . alex no , it 's not we fault ! we be deal with a freak of nature ! nobody could finish she off ! ( continued ) 216 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 97 . the porno movie from chick fall off the top of a dresser , landing right next to Nancy . she look up at Alex ... nancy Alex , you say you throw this away ! alex I do ! I do not know how they get there . Alex 's eye land on the '' ass patrol '' dvd . nancy yeah , right . alex wait a minute ... '' ass patrol . '' nancy what ? alex Hand I that '' ass patrol . '' Nancy reluctantly hand Alex '' ass patrol . '' ext . industrial area under the brooklyn bridge - day 216 a big burgundy sedan be park in this remote area . chick , the pornographer / hitman be in the driver 's seat , Alex riding shotgun . Nancy , lean over from the back , show chick digital photo of Mrs. connelly 's apartment on she titanium powerbook . nancy now , depend on she mood , she might be watch tv over here ... or ... sneaking a cigarette over in this area . I realize it 's horribly cluttere , but we be go to go for a much cleaner look when we -- alex Nancy ... nancy sorry . chick what 's the easiest way into this hag 's place ? ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 98. alex we have find the dumbwaiter shaft to be very effective . nancy ( show chick on she computer ) it 's really not a difficult climb . we can leave the back door open , you could get in from here . alex chick , how much be this go to run we ? chick twenty -five K. Alex and Nancy be surprised . alex really , because we be think something in a different price range . chick shoot . alex we be think more like ... Nancy look to he , encourage . on chick alex ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) a half k ... chick the bottom line price for wet work be $ 25,000 dollar . alex okay . when be you gonna do it ? chick I nil do it Thursday night . nancy Christmas Eve ? ( continued ) 217 a218 b218 c218 ad218 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 99 . chick yeah , I have a function to go to , then I 'il swing by and get it do . omit 217 int . bookstore - day a218 a sign advertise a book read / signing by Cooper sinclair - - a photo of a cool - look coop underneath the sign . wider -- a large group of hip attractive people be gather in the store to hear coop read from he Don piper series . Alex stand in the back , listen . coop ( read from he book ) piper grab the leash of the only partner he have ever know , and the private eye and he trusty Jack Russell head downtown . I guess it 's just one of that thing worth kill for , huh , sonny . 's coop close he book , set it down on the table . the crowd break into wild applause . moderator we will take a five minute break and come back for q and A. omitted b218 omit c218 behind a row of book ad218 Alex and coop be alone . the crowd be audible in the b.g. coop $ 25,000 . what the hell do you need that kind of dough for ? alex Dental surgery . but extensive and expensive ... on chick alex ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) basically , we be look at a whole new lower jaw ... ( continued ) bd218 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 100 . two shot alex ( cont 'd ) ..- and now with Nancy lose she job and with I lose the book contract , thing have get pretty desperate and I would not even be ask if it be not really serious . coop I can give you the money , Alex . alex really ? coop but I be not gonna do it . ( off Alex 's look ) you be a good writer , Alex . get off you butt , and finish you damn book . alex coop , I finish my book . the old lady throw it in the fire . coop Alex , I do not know if that happen , I do not know if it do not . I do not care . you need money , earn it , man . the secret to write be write . you know how long it take I to write the last Don piper book ? alex no , I do not . coop four day . Three hundred fifty eight page in ninety six hour . and you can do it , too . int . the apartment - night bd218 Alex enter , steaming . Nancy 's there wait for he . nancy what happen , do you get the money ? ( continued ) d218 e218 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 101 . alex no , he do not think I need it , but I get a sign first edition for my collection . ( hold up the book ) wrote it in four day . you know how ? listen to this . ( open to a page ) ' her hair be bright yellow , like the color of you pee after you take a multi-vitamin ? 's Nice metaphor , asshole ! why do not you go screw yourself and you stupid loft , and you pregnant wife who 's gonna have the only baby in the world to be bear with a six - pack , you freakin’ dick ! Alex try to tear the book apart , but it 's a hardcover , so he can not quite do it . after wrestle with the book for a few second , he chuck it against the wall . nancy Alex , it 's okay ? we ’1ll get the money somewhere else . alex where be we suppose to get twenty five thousand dollar in two day . Alex 's eye fall upon something . music : '' it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas . '' Nancy see that Alex be look at Mr. peacock . Nancy look sad . Alex look to she and shrug . a series of dissolves d218 we see everything they own disappear . the furniture . Nancy 's wedding ring . Alex 's rare book collection . everything . then ... in the bare apartment , a Christmas Tree appear . Alex ark218 Nancy decorate it . alex I wonder when he 's gonna do it ? ( continued ) f218 218 a220 b220 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 102. nancy I do not know . he 's get that party to go to . alex you think it be a cocktail party , or more of a dinner thing ? suddenly , they hear the back - door open . back of the apartment f218 Nancy and Alex sneak around the corner -- through the darkness , they see chick enter the dumbwaiter shaft . chick flip through the cash . satisfied , he start to climb the dumbwaiter . then ... the front door buzzer buzy . Alex and Nancy look at each other , concerned . int . the brownstone - foyer - moment later 218 Alex and Nancy tentatively walk towards the front door . they open it onto ... a group of young kide , caroling . caroler God bless ye merry gentlemen whose notice sudden be ... Nancy and Alex fake - smile for the kid . int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - continuous a220 the dumbwaiter open . chick be inside , wield a giant knife . int . the brownstone - foyer - continuous b220 the kid finish the song , and Officer Dan emerge behind they , hold a box of christmas cookies . officer dan good job , kid . alex Officer Dan ! nancy what a pleasant surprise . he start head upstairs . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 103 . alex where be you go ? officer dan upstair to give Mrs. C some holiday cookie . Nancy and Alex try to block he way . nancy that 's okay . we will bring it to she . officer dan ( distrust ) no , I think I 'il bring she the holiday cookie myself . be right back , kid . he walk past Nancy and Alex , head upstairs . 221 int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - continuous 221 chick enter the parlor . Mrs. connelly be in she chair , face away from he . she be fast asleep . chick shake he head , smile . this be too easy . a223 int . the brownstone - stairway - continuous a223 Officer Dan make he way up the stair . b223 omitted b223 c223 omitted c223 d223 in the foyer d223 nancy punch alex across the jaw -- hard . alex ( reeling from the slap ) ow ! Officer Dan whip he head around . e223 in the apartment e223 chick hesitates for a moment . f223 in the foyer f223 Nancy continue pummelling Alex . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 104 . she pound and slap he as a stunne Alex try futilely to defend himself . the caroling kide be extremely upset -- several be crying . officer dan ( cun down the stair ) there be child here ! the heck be wrong with you people ?! he separate Nancy from Alex . officer dan ( cont ’d ) I know there be domestic abuse go on in this house ! the kid still cry . officer dan ( cont 'd ) ( head outside ) I be go to come back in about ten minute . and he 's go . Alex and Nancy exchange look . in the apartment hear the outside door close , chick start advance on Mrs. connelly , the knife itching in he palm . he hear something . he turn . a dark figure fly across the room , loom like a bat . little dickie < squawk > chick be spook . he exhales audibly . the dark figure land atop Mrs. connelly 's chair , a raven- like silhouette . Mrs. connelly , she back still to chick , open she eye . mrs . connelly I know they have send a pro . she swivel in she chair . she have the harpoon in she lap . she shoot it . 223 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 105 . int . alex and nancy 's apartment - continuous they look up , alarmed . upstair 223 chick have a large harpoon lodge in he shoulder . chick aaaahhhhh !!! you shot I ! mrs . connelly I get ya , you brute . who be you , bring a knife to a gun fight ! chick struggle with the harpoon , and Mrs. connelly hold tight to the other end . Mrs. connelly yank on the gun . the harpoon be yank around in chick 's chest . he yelp . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) ah , scream like a man , will ya ? chick recover he rage . he come at Mrs. connelly with the knife . mrs . connelly raise the harpoon gun and shove the butt into chick face . chick stagger , drop the knife . Mrs. connelly drop the gun , kick the knife aside with she foot , and adopt a classic bare - knuckle fighter 's stance . Mrs. connelly rabbit-punch , duck , weave , do a 360 and come back with a roundhouse punch to chick 's chest . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) Mr. connelly be five time the fighter you be ! chick you bitch ! chick stagger at Mrs. connelly like a drunken sailor . she headbutt he . 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 106 . downstair Alex and Nancy be confuse , then alarmed when they hear : mrs . connelly ( 0.s. ) < scream > upstair Mrs. connelly 's scream continue but we see neither she nor chick . chick stagger in the frame . Mrs. connelly be on he upper back , she knee pin around he rib . she continue hit he about the head and face . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) if you want to dance with I , you gotta buy I a drink first ! chick bend back to throw Mrs. connelly off . as he do so , Little dickie swoops in and dig he talon into chick 's crotch . mrs. connelly ( cont ’d ) ( laugh ) that 's right ! show he a good time , dickie boy ! alex and nancy look to each other , befuddle . back upstair chick writhes with Mrs. connelly on he head and Little dickie on he crotch . he fall to he knee , and peel Mrs. connelly off he . Mrs. connelly fall to the ground , but go into a roll and come up back on she foot . chick bat Little dickie off he . Mrs. connelly wipe a tiny bit of blood off she lip , Dick debruiser style . mrs . connelly ( cont ’d ) ( deadly calm ) nobody hit I bird . chick start to stand just Mrs. connelly kick he in the face . ( continued ) 224 225 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 107 . chick stagger backwards into the Christmas Tree , which topple into the fire . the place erupt in flame . downstair Nancy see : nancy smoke ! pour through the hole in the ceiling . upstair chick be on he back , scared . mrs . connelly be light from below by the flame of the fire . she have chick 's knife . she toss the knife from palm to palm . mrs . connelly now I be go to peel you potato . chick be shitting himself . mrs . connelly come for he . the rug be bunched up . she trip . mrs . connelly lose the knife and fall to the ground , hit she head . chick beat a hasty retreat . omitted 224 omitted . 225 226 229 230 a231 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 108. the brownstone lobby 226 Nancy and Alex run out of they apartment , just as ... chick come bound down the stair ... beat bloody ... and now ... for the first time ... they see the harpoon in he shoulder , still attach to the antique spear - gun which drag behind he . without stop , chick run by the couple , fly out the front door , inadvertently smashing the door - side window with the harpoon as he exit . Nancy and Alex be stunne , wonder what the hell take place up there . upstair - moment later 229 they peek in she front door , see Mrs. connelly lie unconscious -- the fire close in on she . Little Dick squawk desperately . moment of truth . Nancy and Alex look at the fire . at Mrs. connelly . at Little Dick . back at each other . and they run out of the apartment . we hold on Mrs. connelly for several long beat , the flame grow larger ... until we : CUT to : foam -- spraying through smoke . int . mrs. connelly’s apartment - night 230 Nancy spray a small extinguisher , try to control the flame , heartbroken as she survey the damage . on the staircase a231 Nancy and Alex exit the apartment , Alex hold Mrs. connelly like a child . Nancy stop short ... nancy wait ! alex what ?! she turn around , head back into the burn apartment . 231 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 109 . ext . the brownstone - moment later 231 Alex burst out of the doorway , carry the daze Mrs. connelly . the flame visible through the bay-window . a moment later , Nancy run out of the building , she face black with smoke , carrying little dickie in she arm . mrs . connelly Little dickie ? nancy here you go . Little dickie do not move . then he come to life . little dickie oh , boy ! ext . brownstone — night Fire truck and police car surround the place . officer dan I would not have think you have it in you ... alex yeah , well , we be just try to help she out ... nancy her and Little dickie ... officer dan well , I 'il just write you out a citation for the electricity ... alex thank you . okay . match dissolve : ext . the brownstone - day it 's spring . the sun shine brightly . kid frolic in the mommy and I park . Alex and Nancy walk down the sidewalk , hold hand . Alex hold a thick manila envelope in he hand . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 110 . nancy ( call ) Kenneth ! Kenneth wave to they from the front of the brownstone . a little later Alex and Nancy sign document on a car hood . kenneth two more autograph , and that should do it . he slide one last document at they . kenneth ( cont ’d ) so , how 's the new place work out ? nancy it 's cute . alex you think , '' hoboken , '' but you hop on the train and in twelve minute , you be downtown ... nancy Alex finish he novel ! kenneth wonderful ! alex ( gesture with manila envelope ) you might like this one . it 's sort of a urban thriller ... kenneth ooh , I do not like thriller . Kenneth mock -shiver . Alex look at he strangely . just then : a young couple , the gunther , emerge from the building . they be play by cameron diaz and owen wilson . mrs . gunther you do not lie , Kenneth . it all look wonderful . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 111 . kenneth do I tell you they have fix it up , or what ? gunther , meet Alex and Nancy . they exchange ' hello 's . 's mr . gunther we cannot thank you enough . mrs . gunther this be just a dream house . it 's so quiet . honey , will not this be perfect for you sleep disorder ? mr . gunther I be drowsy already . they all politely laugh . alex enjoy . Kenneth turn to Alex and Nancy . kenneth now , who want to go and say hello to my favorite girl ? nancy we should get go . alex ( be : envelope ) I promise to get this to my publisher today . kenneth nonsense . you save the woman from a burn building . she have be heartbroken if you leave without say goodbye . Kenneth grab Nancy 's hand and start to lead she up the stair . Alex follow . he get up a couple of step , then think of something . he walk back down the step and talk to Mr. gunther . alex could you hold this for I ? he hand Mr. gunther the envelope , and bound up the step to where Nancy be hold open the door . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 112. Mr. gunther look at the envelope . handwritten across the front in large block letter , it read , '' duplex . '' int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - day Kenneth lead Nancy and Alex into the apartment . it 's be perfectly redone . Little Dick sit on he perch . they slowly approach Mrs. connelly . kenneth Mrs. connelly ? I bring you a surprise ! no response . kenneth ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) Mrs. connelly ! Nancy and Alex smile knowingly . on mrs . connelly her eye be close . kenneth ( cont 'd ) ( even louder ) dear-heart , wake up , I bring company . on nancy and alex -- curious now . Kenneth lean over , give Mrs. connelly a light tap on the cheek . kenneth ( cont 'd ) Mrs. connelly ? he shake she a little harder . kenneth ( cont 'd ) she 's stiff as a board ... nancy no , she 's just hard of hearing ! Mrs. connelly ! Nancy clap twice -- Mrs. connelly remain freeze , but the tv turn on , Hawaii five -o blast through the speaker . Kenneth feel Mrs. connelly 's pulse . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision kenneth ( turn to Alex and Nancy ) she 's dead ! Nancy and Alex look totally dumbfounded and fuck . CUT to black a beat ext . brownstone — day int . mrs . connelly’s apartment - continuous 113. on kenneth -- he set the three place at the dining table . kenneth you have to see they face when I say she be a goner . I swear , I think they be gonna pass out right on the spot . wider -- we now see he 's talk to Officer Dan , dress in a sweater and slack -- he tie napkin into decorative knot . officer dan oh , sweetie , I wish I could have be there . a healthy look Mrs. connelly enter , set down a casserole dish . they all sit around the table . mrs . connelly trust I , it be not easy hold my breath all that time . next time I want a bigger cut of you commission , Kenny . kenneth what be you talk about ? we give you everything , ma. ( put he hand over Officer Dan 's ) Danny and I barely have enough leave over for a little cruise to the carribean . mrs . connelly I be the one puttin’ my caboose on the line . ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 114. kenneth come on , you have it easy with Alex and Nancy . and you 'il have the friedman 's out of here in a month . the husband 's get a sleep disorder . mrs . connelly oh , goodie . officer dan it can not be any tougher than that last folk . mrs . connelly oh , they be a nice couple . just a little bit over they head . ( vaise she glass ) to Alan and Nancy . kenneth Alan and Nancy ... we freeze on the photo of Alex and Nancy . it 's the one Mrs. connelly take of they when they try to buy she out . they be in total shock . match dissolve : there similarly shocked face pull out : ext . prospect park - day - later Alex and Nancy walk in shock down a quiet path that would normally be consider a beautiful place to take a stroll . spot a bench , they sit down . the couple sit there silently for a beat . Nancy get a sad look . nancy she be so full of life ! another beat . a bird chirp , a squirrel hop by . the city skyline can be see behind they . alex you know , we have we difference , but that old lady be ... ( search ) ... scrappy . ( continued ) a beat . 10/11/06 3rd pink revision 115 . nancy she teach we a lot . about ourselves . alex that when it come right down to it , we be not cold - blooded killer . nancy I feel pretty good about that . alex I , too . alex ( cont 'd ) I be go to dedicate my book to Mrs. connelly . nancy she do inspire you to write it . Nancy put she hand on she stomach . a beat . nancy ( cont 'd ) do you think , maybe , we should name the baby after she ? alex maybe . yeah , that would be ... nice . nancy what 's she first name ? alex ( realize ) I do not know . Alex put he arm around Nancy . they look up . we pull out to a beautiful cityscape . music : '' he move through the Fair '' by sinead o’connor . a chyron scroll up the screen : Alex 's novel , '' my favorite upstair neighbor , '' ( continued ) 10/11/06 3rd pink revision be publish that summer . it sell poorly . however , miramax buy the rights for a nice sum . they change the title . that August , Nancy have a healthy , ten-pound baby boy . they name he connelly . Mrs. connelly live another 62 year . 116 . * *