'y ET , the extra-terrestrial a Boy 's life by Melissa mathison -™. shoot script rev. Sept. 8. i98i revised - 8/31/82 i of the er a 4 the black screen become a night sky as one by one , star 1 begin to - poke through and come to life in the darkness . begin title pan across the sxy , create the illusion of move deeper into space . this illusion be shattered with the intrusion of a familiar crescent moon . the moon drop behind a gnarled tree limb and the lim pull away to reveal the point tree top of a redwood forest . a soft light be visible through the heavy camouflage of tree . the view move toward this liget , up and over the tree and finally come the rest on a freak clear , a barren meadow , nestle among the tower tree . tt be here that we see the spaceship . the ship gently fleat , anchore to the earth by a beam of davender light . god ? end title 0 % 5 ext . the landing site - nice ? 2 the spaceship be not large . it slightly resemble a reflec - tive , hot -air balloon , a Christmas tree ornament , inscribe with a delicate cothis des a oben hatch door stretch down to the grassy landing site . Soft pastel light spill from the interior of tne ship , and in this light , we make out the movement of creature . the creature be short , stocky , numanoid , but we distance and the misty atmoscher prevant any close identification of feacure . the creature be band together , work with strange , antiquated tool , probing the Earth . they jerky movement and they reaction to the slight sound - a owl hoot , a bird fly , the rustle of leave - raveal they hesitancy and fear . a smoky , white , camouflage mist seem to emanate from che creature themselves , on a inhale - exhale chythm , as if they hot breath be consolidate in the cool night air , blankete they track with fog . ( continued ) continued :- a owl hoot . the creature preece . the danger pass . work be resume . insert : hand a strange pair of hand - four finger , long and slender delicate . the hand dig into the soil and pull a flowering herb from the ground . long shot : a creature one creature walk toward the open hatch door , carry the same flowering weed . follow he up the gangplank and into the ship . . int . space ship - night a soft - white cen of mist . we hear clearly now the unicue breathe pattern of the creature as we see he obscure form move through the ship . int . ship' greenhouse - night the mist clear and we be in a greenhouse -@ cathedral of a structure . heavy precipitation from the decorative fan roofline . the creature place the herb in a basin fill with a thick liquid . insert : the herb it take root in this liquid and straighten with life . it be then spotlit by a shaft of pastel lignt . pull back : the basin the basin be fill with plant - plant which reflect the tropic of Earth : orchid , cactus , a baobab tree . all plant be be systematically nurture by orchestrate shaft of pastel light . 10 il 12 14 i5 ext . landing site - night the creature cescend the cancplank and walk past the group of he fellow creature . he come to the edge of . this slightly - raise field and look out toward the tree . the creature carefully cescend the rocky incline surround the field and disappear inte the tall grass which mark the entrance to the forest . reverse : a fellow creature one fellow creature stop he work . a red light begin to glow in he chest - as if a deeply - bury heart be shine and the red glow be seeping through thin , translucent skin . 500 0b? ext . tall grass = night the creature reappear from out of the tall grass . he face the shin . he heart also begin to shine through , and the ruby glow pinpoint he : a small awkward creature , aione in the gigantic redwood Forest under a starry sky . reverse : a fellow creature the fellow creature resume he work . eigh angle : the creature the creature , still light by he own conscience , turn and dock up at a tower fir tree . the red light go out . he walk into the forest . ext . forest - night the sound of the forest rise : bird , babbling brook , the twitter of insect . the creature move deeper inte the forest . at he teet : a tableau ° . a perfect tableau -- wildflewer , fern and moss . 10 1l 12 13 14 be 17 18 15 20 21 revised - 8/26/81 ae pull back : the creature , 16 * he creature sink to he haunch and reach out to take one thing - a sapling - a miniature redwood , a perfect bonzai , grow at the foot of its elder . as the creature rise , he be momentarily silhouett in a glimmer of light , come from the far since of the forest . the creature turn and look in the direction of he ship . then , he look back in the. direction of the strange light . the creature begin to walk towareé the unidentified light . : aan ? ex ?. hill / lookout - wigrt / bovsoe yee 17 to the SOUND of heavy breathing and a awkward tread , we see the creature's hand reach out and pull back a leafy limb . tse view : thee source of light be the source of light -- a suburban neighborhood , edging up against the base of the mountain and the border of the _farest . | . . or . of o. . . y9o '' wide : the creature . ad ; 19 the creature innocently step out onto the road and . cross to the far side . bigh angle : the creature 20 the creature stand , silhouett on a rag bluff . a sea of yellow house light lie below he . faint sound o£ civilization intrude on the soft noise of the forest . closer : the creature : | 21 we can not see the creature 's face , but the stillness and the constancy of he stare and the way he grip tighten on he small tree , reveal he fascination , curiosity and fear . ( continued ) 21 22 23 24 25 26 continued : / 21 we see one red licht come on in the distance . the.light be see by the creature . suddenly , the creature turn he head to lcok down the road . follow he reaction , we hear the SOUND of a motor and with no further warning , harsh , blind white light streak arouné the corner . the creatcre throw himself the the ground , sli the embankment on the wrong side of the fire road . ag down close : the sapling 22 the sapling roll away from the curb and into the road . wider : the approaching car 23 the approach car pull to a stop . a tire crush the small redwood under muddy rubber . the creature's Pov : the car door . . 24 the car door open and a man step out . see cnl the waist down be : dark pants , heavy boot and ring of keys hang from he belt . a huge the keys make a tremendous racket , displace all other sound of the night . reverse : the creature . 25 the creature slide under cover just as he red light come on . we see a glimmer of it through shrubbery . his hand move in to cover it . - wider : more car se 26 more car converge on the scene . we see bricht headlight and hear slamm door , muffle voice . then we hear tee creature break a branch from a shrub . he hold it against he chest . the SOUND of keys . the sudden shaft of flashlight beam encizcle the road and shoot out into the tree . the creature move unnotice along the hillside . he eross the road . 27 _ 28 29 o~ 30 31 /- ~ ' we see shadow of man jump re ext . ravine - night - long shot . 27 = the forest . the creatur es in the near end of shallow ravine . reys be the last to jump . the SOUND of keys be hideous . close on : the creature 28 we see the creature 's tremble form , and hear a sharp inhalation of breath as keys jump . behind the camouflacg branch , we see the creature 's . heart ' throb violently . go oe ? ext . the landing site - night gar 23 the ship be dark . all hand be on board . the silence of this spct be break by the distant shout of man , the fellow creature remain in the door open , he heart light send frantic signal into the dacx forest . ext . the forest - niget 30 the creature move quickly but awkwardly through tne forest . his breathe be heavier now . : . flashlight beam scour the forest . the creature burst past human leg , zig - zag invisibly through the tall grass . the rush of movement almost topple one human searcher , and there be sudden , amaze shout of discovery . the creature be ruby -re beacon be all that can be see . keys jangle horrizically as the plalanx of man move forward . ext . the landing site - night 31 the hatch door lift . the last image from the interior of the ship be the fellow creature 's red licht , as the ship 's petal - door spiral the a close and we hear a panicked group breath . 32 '' ~~ 33 34 35 mo. 36 ~ ext . tall grass - night . 32 the creature emerce from the tree and dive into the tall grass . ext . the landing site + night 33 the ship hover , then depart cuickly , spin above the treetop and disappear into the night sky . closer : the creature 34 the creature stand on the desert landing site . the grass be flatten where the ship once stand . the creature reach he arm into the sky and cry out - a SOUND of desperation , disbelief and fear . the 2 SOUND of keys rise . . 500 get ext , edge of the forest - nig&t . 35 the creature dash back into the forest . 's his red light fade out . we see only a dim shadow now . ' this ds e.t.. he be strand on earth . - fade out fade in : ext , elliott 's house - night we : 36 the SOUND of keys become music . the SOUND of frightened animal become boy ' voice . view through a kitchen window five boy be seat around a kitchen table . they be into the final hour of a lateenicht dungeon and dragon game , the table be cluttere with crush bottle , potato chip bag , book , papers , calculator and a domino - maze which be use to signify tonight 's dungeon . 37 38 int . elliott 's kitchen - night . 37 close on elliott : a boy of nine or ten : sha y brown heir and deer , dark eve . elliott be a middle -c , Zatherless and friendless . elliot ? life a brightly paint figure from the table top maze and place it safely cutside the domino wall . this pewter figure be ellictt 's fantasy character . elliott okay then , so I run out of the forest and I think I will shoot just my arrow at the goblin to make they chase I . I keep run and shoot and run and shect and just when they be really mad and about to get I ... I throw down my portable hole and climb in and pull the lid close . os presto. vanish . . 8 elliott sit back in he chair , highly satisfied with himself . elliott ( cont would ) and now they be really mad and they be come after you , fruit . michael you have be wait to do that all night , have not you ? elliott nod . tyler Dumb , Elliott , really dumb . angle widen : other boy 38 they be : michael -- elliott 's older brother . fourteen , to yearning for and near the rights of man -- car power . . 11 , lanky . ~ , woman , tyler -- Michael 's best friend . cute , sassy , wise beyond he year . greg -- also fourteen . skinnv , bad pesture , a whiner and a whimp , with a heart of gold . '' ( continued ) 38 continued : ( 1 ) . 38 steve -- meticulous , inscrutible , mature and restxrain . the dungeon master in this night 's same . greg be lean back in he chair , the telerhone plant against he ear . greg what be I ask for again ? michael . " papa oom mow mow " greg do I have to ? michael she 's my mother , man . I be ps suppose to tell she she q can not have a request ? yoo ? qa greg it 's embarrassing . . mary ( 0.c.4 '' . ellicte ! come here ! . steve you can only use a portable hole once , you know ? elliott I be use it tonight . tyler I hope you suffocate in it . mary ( 0.c. ) Elliott ! elliott get up . steve okay , I can only let you stay in the hole for ten milliround , Elliott . . '' michael since you be out 10 milliround ... ~~ michael scrape together a pile of change on the table . - ( continued ) 38 39 40 7210 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 : michael s+ey ou ¢o wait for the pizza . elliott T get you guy this time , gid not I ? tyler yeah , you get we , Elliott . you be some bitchin ' dude . elliott exit . 2 qb go ext , hallway - night go ? 39 elliott run toward he room . int . elliott 's room - niget 40 mary be finish make elliott 's tep bunk bed when he enter the room . elliott yeah , Mom ? mary turn to he . she be divorced , late-thizty , and the only mother who w2ll allow all - night déed game . her wet hair be wrap in a cowel , and she be wear a silk kimono . '' mary do you see what this room look like right now ? elliott look . it be obviously brand new clean - a place for everything and evervthe in its place . the " thing " be the cultural artifact of pre-pubescent boy : toy , steal street sign , record player , guppy . one distinguishing feature in this room be a skylight - cover with 4 handpaint sheet - feature a dragon and he fiery breath . elliott thanks . . . mary no dirty dish , clothes put away . bed make . desk neat ... mary pick up a letter on elliott 's desk and look at the envelope . ( continued ) 40 continued : ( 1 ) 40 '' ~~ mary - this be what a mature person 's room be suppose to leox like all the tine . ( pause , continue ) what do you father have to say ? elliot ? oh , nothing . mary change the subject . mary you want to repaint in here ? a ) it 's get a little grungy . gs ox ? elliott 8 sure . mary what color ? . elliot ? -~ : Black . - mary cute . a healthy sign . elliott Zo like black . it 's my favorite color . vo " boy ( 0.¢. ) Mary ! you song be on ! elliott ( change the subject ) you song , Mom , come on . elliott pull mary toward the door . mary okay , now listen . seriously . T be not clean you room again until Christmas , at least . it can pile up to the + ceiling for all I care . I be - _. not step foot in here . get it ? ( continued ) 40 41 42 43 44 continued : ( 2 ) . 40 elliott nod . mary push he out the door and turn off the light . pull back : ellictt 's rcom 41 the moonlight seep in through the breath of the dragon . mary ( 0.c . ) do he mention you guy come to visit ? 2 go elliott ( 0.c. ) yg0 > Thanksgiving . . bd mary ( 0.c . ) Thanksgiving ! I want Thanksgiving ! ext . front of elliott 's house - niget - high angle 42 wr see elliott walk down the driveway . his house be at the tep ef a cul - de-sac , the last house before the onslaught of forest and mountain . a volkswagen climb the steep hill lead to elliott 's house . tighter : elliott & volkswagen 43 ellictt meet the volkswagen at the bottom of the driveway and collect the pizza . ellictt climb the driveway , balance the pizza on one hand , ext . front yard - night : . 44 as he head for the door , there be a sudden , loud , crash noise from the backyard . : elliott halt . elliott harvey ? be that you , boy ? elliott walk around the side of the house . 1 45 46 '' ext . backyard - night elliott continue call he dog until he reach the backyard -- a roomy , grassy stretch cf land with a vegetable carden and a lattice teolsh . a red light be hang over the fence cate . the cate be biow in the wind . we hear what sound like a sharp inhalation and see what look like a suck - in of mist through the toolsh door . elliott tiptoe closer to the shed . he stop to pull a orange from 2 tree . the SOUND of music , " papa oom mow mow " can be hear =rom the house . goee elliott 8 harvey ? tettttt . there be no response . elliott lay the pizza on the ground and ster up to the toolsh door . he toss the Orange in . wait a beat , then the orange come hurtle back at he . elliott scream , trip over the pizza , land right on it get up anc run for the back decor . int . kitchen - nigat mary be fill the dishwasher , sing along to she song . the boy be eyeing she suspiciously . elliott ( 0.¢. ) help ! let I in ! mary unlock the door . mary what in the world ? elliott there 's something out there . elliott slam the door and lock it . . elliott in the tcosh . it throw a orange at I . tyler osseo . sound dangerous . elliott do not go out there . ( continued ) 45 46 46 47 48 continued : . 46 immediately the bey get up to go out there . mary raise a hand . mary stop . you guy stay right here . michael you stay here , Mom , we will check it out . tyler , steve and michael be out the door . goer 9 greg look at mary . get ? mary I say , stay where you be . elliott look at mary . mary grab a flashlight , and she and elliott step outside . reluctantly , greg follow , stop to grab a butcher knife . ext . backyard - night 47 the army of boy slink across the backyard . mary follow they with elliott on she arm . mary what exactly do you see , Elliott ? elliott " in there . mary shine she flashlight into the toolsh . int . toolshed - night oe 48 nothing unusual ~ pot , fertilizer , starter , hoe , shovel . mary there 's nothing in here . michael the gate 's open od tyler look at this ! 49 50 51 '' ext . backyard - niget 49 mary shine the flashlight into she garden , and we see some odd fcotsrint . back to the group 50 michael the coyote 's come back , Mom . L mary gnd '' okay , party 's over . back in the . gts house ... greg , give I that knife . 3 tyler oh , great ! Nice , Elliott . tyler be hold the smashed pizza , with a nike shoe print encrustec in the melt cheese . elliott it be a accident . mary pizza ? who say you guy could order a pizza ? tyler you geek , man . long shot : mary & the boy moe 51 mary shoos the boy into the house . elliott pulis on she arm . : elliott there be something . I swear . mary I know ... tyler douche bag , Elliott . mary hey , no douche bag talk in my house . . they be all inside now . mary close 's the door . we hear a loud and long exhale come from the toolsh . 52 53 54 55 56 int . elliott 's room - night . 52 elliott be asleep on the top bunk , wrap in he sleep bag . harvey , a over-sice mutt doc , be asi ep on the floor below he . we ar a loud noise from the backyard . harvey sit up . elliott immediately waken and slice out of bed . he be wear lonc -john , sock and a flannel shirt . he grab he jacket . gee . go ext . backyard - night got 53 elliott turn on the back deor light and move cautiously into the yard . he near the toolsh . he take a deep breath and shine a flashlight into the shed ? int . toolshed co : 54 we see nothing . ext . backyard - night 55 elliott breathes a sigh of relief . we hear a soft , erunching : sound . ellict ? spin around and shine he flashlight into the garden . : ext . vegetable garden - night 56 he notice the footprint . he follow they . the print come to a abrupt end . elliott part two tall stalk of corn and shine the flashlight between they . E.T. 's face come burst threugh the corn stalk . it be a terrible sight , like nothing we have ever see before . E.T. 's wide head be tightened back in leathery crease and furrow . his thin lip be parte in a horrible grimace , his large round eye be wide , the pupil dilate to a enormous size . tiny , sharp tooth be barec as E.T. make a terrifying sound -- a imitative noise -- the SOUND of keys . the flashlight hit the ground . elliott hit the ground . in the light we can see elliott 's small finger dig into the soil . E.T. 's ugly head scream again . elliott hug '' the ground . he make a soft , scared sound . 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 elliott 's Pov = night 8 ? E.T. 's odd foot step into the light , and we watch the spaceman walk through the garden , up the stair and out the gate . elliott De not go ! E.T. turn to look at elliott . just then , harvey appear out of nowhere , bark and lung toward e.t . 2 back to : elliott bo 58 he leap to he foot , grab the dog 's collar and pull he back . elliott shut harvey inside the toolsh and look out to the gate . £.t. be go . elliott rush to the gate . no sign of E.T. wide shot : ' ' 59 from the backyard : we see elliott disappear over a mound . of dirt . then he be back , run down the backyard staic . int . garage - dawn ; 60 ellictt , now fully dress , kick up the | kickstand and jump onto he bicycle . ext . the STREET - dawn . . ; 61 elliott be racing along the street on he bicycle . ext . FIRE road - day . . 62 elliott be huffing and puffing up the fire road . ext . forest - day - . 63 elliott walk he bicycle through the forest , he eye search for any sign of E.T. 64 65 66 be . ext . the nding site - day : 64 elliott come cut ef the forest and enter the tall grass . he see a man , pace the 1 ing site -- zs . we see only the man 's back , but we hear the steady , annoying SOUND of keys . ellictt back into the forest again . ext . forest - day 65 elliott reach into he pocket and pull out a large bag of mam 's . he begin make a trail through the forest in the direction of he heme . gaee q gor ? int . kitchen - night 66 the family be have dinner . elliott be slump ever he plate , a icok of depression on he face as he pick at he food . gertie , the last child in the family - a girl , tomboy , innocent and " nobody 's fool to elliott . e-year-old ~ sit next gertie - {to ellictt ) what be you go as for Halloween ? michael why do not you go as a goblin ? elliott give michael a vile look . mary it 's not that we do not believe you , honey ... elliott it be real , I swear , gertie I be go as a cowgirl . elliott ( to gertie ) so what else be new ? ( continued ) 66 continued : ( 1 ) 66 ~~ : michael maybe it be a iguana . elliott it be no igvana . : michael or , you know how they say there be alligator in the sewer ? mary all I be say be that you probably just imagine it . this happen . . ellictt I could not have imagine it . michael 490 maybe it be a pervert , or a a0 deform kid or something . elliott it be nothing like that . michael - ~ maybe a eli , cr a leprechaun ... elliott it be nothing like that , penis-breath ! mary , : ellicott ! sit down . elliott sit elliott dad would believe I . there be silence . a obvious attempt on elliott 's part to rile he mother . mary why do not you call you father and tell he about it . elliott I qa not . he 's in Mexico . with saliy . _o™ : ( continued ) 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 News to mary . mary if you see it acain , whatever it be , do not go near it . call '' I and we will have someone come take it away . gertie a ) like the dog catcher ? 00° ? '' x mary bo exactly . elliott but they will give it a lcbotomy , or do experiment on it or something . mary get up from the table . mary it 's you turn to do the dish , fellow . : michael I set and clear up . elliott set and clear . in michael I do breakfast . gertie i do breakfast . mary be leave the kitchen . michael what 's the matter , Mom ? mary ( softly ) re hate Mexico . mary exit . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 continued : ( 3 ) - michael cuff elliott on the ear . michael grow up , man . think about how other people feel for a change . elliott make a threaten fist at he brother , then take he plate from the table and almost throw it into the sink . he turn on the hot water . steam cover the window as elliott stare through it . angle - sky - star ext . backyard - night elliott sit , wrap in he bag , stare at the starry sky . ext . backyard - night ( later ) elliott be curl up , asieep on the ground . we begin to hear E.T. 's peculiar breath pattern , and we see ris mist move slowly closer to elliott through the hedge of bush besice the boy . it be a frightening moment , a sense of impending doom . close : on elliott oe sound asleep , he head rest on he arm . close : on E.T. as he suddenly appear beside the hoy . E.T. 's face be soft now , he eye wide and gentle , he mouth close . he be shiver badly . £.7. stare at elliott . he search the boy 's face . wider : elliott & E.T. slowly , elliott open he eye . he instinctively pull away when he ' wake to see £.t. stand next to hin . e.t , also instinctively pull away . =.t. be shiver . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 77 78 78 80 gl close : on ellicit : 77 fascination . elliott step away from the creature . close : on £.t. 78 eat , watch elliott . E.T. 's eye be beginning to droop . close : on elliott * god 2 his eye be beginning to droop . pox wider : elliott , bo elliott walk over to he bunk bed and toss whatever be on the bottom bunk onte the floor . elliott pat the bed and beckon e£.t. with sign language . sut £.7. be already lie down on the floor . elliott throw a blanket over he and sit cown in a nearby overstuifeé chair . flliott pulis he foot up and hug he leg to he body . &. T. pull the blanket around he and look up to the boy . : elliott touch he eye . £. T. touch 's he eye . elliott - touch he mouth . E.T. touch he mouth . E.T. 's eye close . his breathe become lighter , and he appear to be asleep . elliott step down from the chair anc tiptoe closer to the creature . E.T. , catch in the moonlight come through the skylight dragon 's fiery breath , make a soft , scared sound with he breath . ext . forest landing site ~ night . 81 a on-go clandestine operation . the earlier image of alien creature gently probing the earth be replace with the crude and lumber movement of human , scour the area with a fine- tooth comb . flash camera briefly turn night into day as they portable machine churn and beep , displace the rustle of leave and the hum of nocturnal life . y 82 83 84 85 close on keys : 82 his hand leave he pocket , and the key jingle as he bend to the ground . his hand discover 2 freshly exhume rootball divot . something else cause nim to pause . camera move closer : 83 keys unearth a yellow M&M . he lift it from the seil . fade out . . : 42 fade in : box 5009 84 int . ellioti be room - day mary have she hand on elliott 's forehead . elliott appear to be desperately.ill . mary you be hot . mary stick a thermometer in elliott 's mouth . . mary ( cont would . ) I will be right back . ' mary exit . elliott immediately take the thermometer from he mouth and hold it to the hot light above he bed . he pull a heating pad from under the cover and hold that to he face . michael ( 0.c. ) Mary , can I back the car out ? mary ( 0.c . ) not one foot past the driveway . elliott put everything back in its correct place . " pov the closet , 85 the louver door be close . 86 87 88 89 at door : mary : 86 mary reenter . she take the thermometer from elliott 's lip . she read it as she walk toward the closet . int . closet ~ day , 87 rear a sharp inhalation as the decor open . see mary 's loom shadow reach into the closet and grab a quilt . the quilt be a fat bundle - it look as if it might contain £.t. 's int . elliott 's room - day 88 elliott 's face express panic . mary shake out the quilt . relief -- it be only a quilt . boysoo062 mary would you like to get in my bed ? elliott shake he head ' no . ' mary cover he and lean closer to he : mary you wait outside last night for that thing to come back , do not you ? elliott nod . mary toy think you will live if I go to work . no t.v. elliott nod . mary kiss he and leave . elliott drop he head to he pillow and sigh with relief . . ext . front of house - day - - 89 michael back the car down the driveway , screeching to a noisy stop at the sidewalk as he mother step out of the front decor . ' $ 0 91 int . closet ~ day . $ 0 £.7. sit in the dark closet . hear the sound of the family leave the house . finally , the door open , and elliott stick he head in . E.T. get to he foot . elliott come on . come . ge2 £.7 , follow elliott out of the closet . Boy $ 00 int . elliott 's room - day | . $ 2 £.7. follow elliott to the center of the room . there be serious hesitancy between they . elliott do you talk ? you know , talk ? E.T. be silent . ellictt I human . boy. Elliott . ell-ee-ut . - silence . - elliott lead E.T. over to he desk . elliott piek up a lego and nold it for E.T. to see . ellictt lego. block . elliott bite down on the lego . elliott plastic . elliott turn on the radio , the music blare out . elliott Music . E.T. hold he hand over he ear . elliott turn the radio off . £.7t . 's attention be draw back to the thing on the desk . E.T. lift a quarter . elliott money . E.T. bite the quarter . ( continued ) gl 92 93 continued : : 91 elliott ne , no , no ! be you hungry ? ( pause ) I '' hungry . elliott ease himself out the door and say to £.t. elliott you stay . okay ? stay . E.T. stare at elliott as the boy shut the door and leave he alone . '' int . hallway outside elliott 's door - day Boy 5 92 as elliott close he bedroom door , he have to face a very nervous harvey . elliott pause to console the dog . elliott he 's good . he will not hurt you . no bite . come . come on . harvey reluctantly follow elliott , pause to look again at the close decor and whimper . int . elliott 's room - day : 93 Left to he own device , E.T. wander around ellictt 's room . he lift a cardboard box and drop it , spilling lege 3ll over the floor . he move on to the record player and unknowingly scratch the needle across the surface of a record . at this point , he look up and see the fierce face of a poster - leopard stare down at he . E.T. move back to the desk and examine the debris on it : a mountain of stuff which have be organize by mary . E.T. pull on a handle and dump the content of the desk drawer on the floor . he stoops to examine this wonderful stuff : rubber band , pen , pencil , screw driver , string , nail . under the desk be a umbrella . E.T. press a button on the handle and the umbrella pop open , scare the creature half to death . . 96 37 continued : . 96 E.T. place he sandwich on the sink and stick he hand in the water . elliott '' i yeah , it 's just water . yeah ! you like it , I can tell . gee E.T. splashes he face with water . . 8 ox S qo elliott look at this , this be great . elliott turn on the tub . he motion for E.T. to get in . elliott go on . it will not kill you . elliott help E.T. to the tub and hand he he sandwich . the phone ring e.t , just about jump cut cf he skin when he hear the phone . elliott just abcut jump cut of he skin at the same moment . elliott stare at E.T. , then whisper . ' elliott . it 's okay . it 's oniy the phone . relax . yes. stay . . E.T. sit , sandwich in hand . int . mary 's room - day a lo 97 the phone be automatically answer on the third ring . we hear this recording : mary voice ( recording ) hello , we can not come to the phone right now , but if you leave a message we will be sure to get back to you . . mary 's voice Elliott ? can you hear I ? answer if you can . Elliott ? elliott drop down ento he mother 's bed and answer the phone . . ( continued ) 94 95 96 int . kitchen - day 94 at the moment of £ . T. 's fear of the umbrella , we cut to elliott , stand at the refrigerator . elliott shriek and dross . a bottle of grape juice , splattering glass and purple liguid across the kitchen flocr . int . elliott 's room - day 95 back to E.T. have some difficulty get to he foot . the door open and elliott peek in , two gripping peanut butter and jelly sandwich in he fist . elliott 1 you okay ? gd& on tee himself ) . pot $ 8 _ I almost have heart failure . b.t. swoon and catch himself on the desk . elliott reach out for the creature , but he hand be full of sandwich and he be still tco timid to touch E.T. £. T. straighten . llictt too much excitement , huh ? it 's okay . come with I . come . there be heavy perspiration on E.T. 's face and he have pale considerably . but he rally and follow elliott out of the room . int . bathroom - day 96 E.T. and elliott stand side by side , face the mirror , eat they sandwich . elliott hold he hand up to the mirror , and E.T. hold he up >eside it . : elliott jeez , look at that monster . finger . hand . E.T. drop he hand down to the faucet . elliott turn the faucet on . elliott this be where we water : come from . see , hot. coid . : £ .t. place he sandwich on the sink and stick he hand in the water . ( continued ) 97 38 99 100 continued : . elliott hi , Mom . we can see into the bathroom from here . as elliott lie back on the bed , we see £ - T. sink down behind the rim of the bathtub . we hear a deep inhalation . elliott exhales a content sigh and eat he sandwich . he make a face at the taste . elliott I be fine . yuck ! huh ? oh , I qe mean I still have a fever and stuff . poy g0t int . bathroom ~ day we can see elliott . from the bathroom . we can also see E.T. float , he entire body and head and the sandwich under water . elliott ( 0.c . ) yeah . no. uh huh. okay . , well , bye . elliott enter the bathroom and scream . closfc : on =.t. he open he eye and look up at elliott through a thick layer of water . the , . angle : elliott & E.T. . elliott grab E.T. 's arm ( the first time he have touch the creature ) and pull he from the water . elliott you can drow do that kind of stuff ! : E. % , inhale again and sink back into the water . elliott still have he hand around =.t. elliott wait . E.T. stay under . elliott wait . he notice now that he be grip E.T. elliott pull he hand away , then return they , and begin to tenderly stroke E.T. 's body , the way a boy might pet a snake for the first time . E.T. blink up at the boy . ( continued ) 97 98 99 100 on 100 i101 102 103 104 continued : elliott be you part aquatic elf ? int . elliott 's room - day elliott and E.T. ( with a towel over he shoulder ) sit on the floor in the sunlight come through the cragon 's breath , elliott have the book goblins and gnome spreac open on the . '' floor and , together , he and =.t. icok at the picture . S a? insert : drawing : fantastical drawing of make - believe creature . back to : elliott & £.t. elliott look from the book to £ . T. E.T. look from the book to elliott , with the same expression of confusion , int . closet ~ day elliott be redecorate this large closet , which separate he room from gertie 's , while E.T. watch from the doorway . stuff animal have take position as the '' front line , " block view of the '' live area , " a empty cell line with storage box and unused recreational equipment . 's cell be padded with a patchwork quilt and round with pillow . a dogbowl full of water sit next to a bag of oreos . he lift a newspaper and mfold it . the glare through the closet 's window silhouettes elliott 's face behind the color funny page . elliott lay the newspaper on the floor . elliott come , come . please . elliott take E.T. 's hand and lead he to the nest place . elliott - this be you home . home . you stay . okay ? stay . I will be right here . ( continued ) 100 iol 102 103 104 104 continued : . 104 elliott back out of the closet . £ E.T. be now reveal , sit in the live area , lcoke a little sad and idrlarn . the closet coor shut . E.T. look around . se immediately squint , take a red kerchief irom a shelf and cover the lampshade . the light be now soften to a pastel pink . E.T. look at a stuff toy leopard sit on a shelf beside he . cautiously , E.T. touch the leopard 's floppy see . the leopard fall - lifelessly into =.t. 's lap . E.T. jump , knock over the lamp . the lamp spin wildly on its base , highlight all the strange and forsign object that clutter E.T. 's new home : skateboard , hatboxes , a woman 's sewing figure . the light spin past E.T. as it make its round . finally , it slow to a stop , come to rest on a newspaper cartoon at E.T. 's foot . £. T. slowly bend down to look at the cartoon . a : aorsne ? 105 insert : a flash gordon ccmic strip . 105 this segment feature 2 spaceman stand beside he crash spaceship on a cesolate planet . the lower corner read , " to be continue . '' : 106 back to £.t. : 106 x.. pull back as E.T. ponder the comic . io7 int . kitchen - Day . 107 michael , wear he football jersey and shoulder pad , unlock the kitchen door and step into the house , sing . michael ( sing ) '' accident will happen , but it 's only hit and run ... " * 108 int . elliott 's room = day 108 michael open the door . elliott stand in the center of he debris strewn room . michael make himself at home . elliott remain stiff and motionless . ( continued ) * elvis costello , " accident will Happen '' 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 _ : michael how you feel , faker ? elliott Fine . : michael Tyler say he get sixty - nine thousand at astercic yesterday , but he pull the plu¢ so , who know ... elliott I have get something really important to tell you . michael look up . elliott okay . this be the most important , probably the most serious thing ever . gee michael : -o what would you do ? a ee elliott ~~ okay . remember the goblin ? °“ michael you be so lame , Elliott . " elliott he come back . . michael bull . elliott one thing , I have absolute power . say it . michael what have you get ? be it the coyote ! let I see it ! elliott no. swear first . the most excellent promise you can make . ( continued ) ~~ 108 continued : ( 2 ) i108 michael okay . '' okay . he 's yours . - Mom 's go to kill you . elliott okay . stand over there . and you would better take off you shoulder pad . michael what ! : elliott - you might scare he . go on . Michael remove he shoulder pad as elliott go to the closet , elliott ( 0.c . ) and close you eye ! v michael we do not push it . 4s ae elliott ( 0.c . ) I be not come cut until you eye be close . michael okay , they be close . elliott and E.T. step cut ef the closet . elliott put he arm.over E.T. 's shoulder and nod to the creature reassuringly . he look at he brother again . elliott . swear it , one more time , I have ... michael you have absolute power , all right already . the door suddenly fly open . gertie come run in . she see E.T. and let out a terrify scream . michael open he eye , see E.T. and scream . £.t. scream . elliott scream . elliott catch himself and yell . i elliot ? make she stop ! ( continued ) 108 109 i110 ill 112 ( continued ) ( 3 ) 108 michael clamp he hand over gertie 's mouth . gertie clutches she three fcot indian doll . elliott in the closet . fast . michael hurry gertie into the closet . int . closet - day 109 michael and gertiz leap into the closet . the door close , then open a second later , and E.T. come tumble into the closet . the door close with a bang . int . elliott 's room ~ day : : . ilo mary step in to elliott 's room . elliott be drape over the stuff chair . the room look as if a cyclone hit it . mary : oe bi , honey ... what happen in here ! we : elliott gh ? what do you mean ? .) . mary look at this ! how be this pessible ? int . closet - day - . lil michael still have he hand over gertie 's mouth . s8cth child have they eye glue on E.T. E.T. turn from the child 's fearful face to peek between the slat of the louver door . he Pov : mary ' 112 elliott oh . you mean my room . mary this be not a room . this be a accident . mary walk across the room and kiss elliott on the forehead . 113 114 int , elliott 's room ~ day 113 elliott I will clean it . mary this must mean that you be feel well enough to go to school tomorrow . elliott nod . mary head for the door . mary you fella keep a eye on gertie while I take a shower . elliott por sure . mary leave . int . closet - day : . 14 you could cut the silence with a-knife . elliott enter . the child speak in whisper . michael ~~ Elliott ? gs . go elliott '' 4s I be keep hin ! 9 ° michael you gotta tell Mon. elliott she will want to do the right thing . you know what that mean , do not you ? . ( point to E.T. ) deg food . or lobotomy . michael what be it ? elliott he 's good . I can feel it . : ( continued ) 114 contrnuzd : = ( 2 ) 1i4 michael indicate gertie . michael she will blab it for sure . elliott gertie , he 's not go to hurt you . elliott smile . gertie nod . michael loosen he grip . . gertie . be he a boy or a girl ? elliott ah ...he 's a boy . gertie how can you tell ? elliott now you be not co to tell , ~ 2 be you ? Zven Mom ? . aoe ? gertie ave ? why not ? elliott because , ah , grow - up can not see he . only kid can see hin . elliott look at michael . elliott you know what will happen if you tell ? °* michael take gertie 's indian doll and pretend he be wrenching its arm off . : elliott do it , Mike . we have to . michael ( in a mr. bill voice ) no. no ! do not break my arm , please ! I will do anything , it hurt , please ! gertie 's eye fill with terror . £.t. watch . ( continued ) 115 continued : ( 1 ) 115 elliott {to mary ) May I take you plate ? mary yes , thank you . mary be amused by elliott 's manners . elliott take the plate to the sink . elliott I make a house in the big closet . today . . michael suddenly rise with he plate and carry it to the sink . he give elliott a quick hip -shot . mary what kind of house ? elliott : : sort of like a hideout . goer gertie go 's $ 0 mama , why do we see what you do not see ? michael we do not . . mary - ( to gertie ) * because we be different people , we see thing differently . ( to Elliott ) what do you do with all the stuff that be in there ? elliott I reorganize . mary oh , really ? gertie what be the people wno be not people ? ( continued ) 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 : gertie stop ! stop it ! elliott promise ? gertie yes . elliott for sure ? michael and gertie nod . gertie be he from the moon ? michael be he wear any clothes ? elliott nope . yeah , he 's from the b moon . be not that exciting ? , 90 ° x _gertie nod . eo '' . mary ( 0.c. ) come help with dinner . everybody ! elliott smile at E.T. then neds to the other , elliott okay . Act straight . 115 int . kitchen - night . 115 the family sit at the dinner table nibble the remain of they hamburger , each lose in he or she own thought . elliott wipe he mouth . elliott ' delicious . elliott get up with he plate . , , ( continued ) . 418 continued : — ( 2 ) 11 michael there 's no such thing . mary put the kettle on the stove . elliott can I keep the hideout ? gertie can he ? : mary for a little while . mary go to the cupboard for the teapot . mary too bad I will not be able to see it until Elliott clean he room . while she back be turn , the child share a victorious moment . gertie on™ ( whisper to Elliott ) she really can not see it ? gee mary gill the teapot . a mary I have get stuff to do . will you finish up in here ? michael - absolutely . the child all smile at mary as she leave the room . the moment she be go , elliott grab a clean plate , and each child add some tidbit of food to E.T. 's dinner . elliott head for the hallway with a tray full of food . elliott watch she . when the coast be clear , you can come in . knock three time . 116 117 118 ii . int . second floor hallway - night 116 michael sneak up the stair , tap three time at elliott 's door and be grant passage . gertie be right behind he . + reverse angle on mary room 117 mary be sit on the floor of she bedroom fold laundry . she look up and see gertic . mary what be you do , gertie ? gertie : I be go to play in elliote 's 2 room . g0& or mary okay . do not let they torture you . eack to : gertie at top of stair 118 gertie pause at the tep of the stairway , lift a rather droopy geranium in a pretty , blue pot and carry it to Elliott 's door . int . elliott 's room = niget 119 michael let gertie in . harvey butt he way in behind she . £. T. immediately notice the geranium in gertie 's hand , he eat a orange without peel it . ' the child speak to one another in whisper . michael maybe he 's just some animal that be not suppose to live . you know , like this rabbit we see that time . elliott do not be lame . michael but I do not believe in stuff like this . elliott ido . now . I always do , really . : ( continued ) 119 continued :* ( 1 ) i119 £ .t. examine some clay on Elliott 's desk . he close he finger , and the clay gush through they . elliott I - get a idea , get the atla . michael pull the atla from Elliott 's shelf . they open it , lay it across =. T. 's plate and turn page until they reach the United States . . elliott : look. see ? this be where we be . ' you know that much . , gee michael grab the globe . xs qo bo michael : - use this . elliott close the book and point to the United States on the globe . elliott see , we be here . where be , you from ? E.T. look at the globe . he point out the window . gertie I do not like he foot . elliott shhh . they be only foot . he 's try the tell we something . elliott open the atla again . it open to a draw of the solar system . £. T. stop elliott from turn the page . elliott point to the globe and to the planet Earth in the @raw . £. T. point to the draw and then out the window . elliott yeah . Earth . Home . E.T. take the clay and beqin roll ball . E.T. place five clay ball on the solar system draw . ( continued ) 119 on™ o~ 120 121 continued : ( 2 ) 119 michael he can not count . elliott wait . - E.T. point to the map , then to the ball . he point to the globe and to elliott , and to one small ball and himself . elliott shiver , one of the '' cosmic '' shiver that run up you spine . . elliott . ( softly ) . oh , no . '' no 8 pe . 49 % michael _ bo Elliott ? the ball lift off of the book . they rise in the AIR above the chilére 's head and they begin to spin , to orbit , really , five of they around the one larger " sun " ball . E.T. point to the ball , then point out the window . he isok at the child . close : tee child 120 shock , horror and realization on they face . wider : £.t. and child we . 121 E.T. point to the same small ball and back to himself . elliott oh , no . michael Elliott ? elliott oh , no . suddenly , the ball fall to the floor . E.T. turn he head in the direction of the window . harvey 's ear suddenly perk up and he look to the window . elliott shiver . his face reflect E.T. 's fear . + ( continued ) 121 on 122 123 124 125 125a 126 continued : michael what be it ? elliott ido not know . something scary . gertie what ? elliott I do not know ! E.T. be on he foot . he try to push the child into the closet . they immediately cblige he , curious and confuse . gertie be still hold the geranium . int . closet - night E.T. back into the '' live area " of the closet . elliott slip out of the closet . int , elliott 's house - night elliott quietly sneak down the stair and out the front door . ext . back yard = night elliott run up the flagstone stair . the red gate light be on . hear the sound of keys . ext . back yard gate - night elliott stand at the gate , illuminate by the red light . can hear the sound of keys and the steady tick of a geiger counter . qb reverse : go go *> into the darkness ... see nothing . '' ext . back yard = night elliott close the gate . deep fear be visible in he face . the SOUND of keys grow louder . elliott look up at the dark starry sky . he a4 . i21 122 123 xx / 124 125 x 125a 126 127 128 129 - 130 i131 ext / int . elliott 's room = night 127 view of a night sky filled with star . the view pull in to elliott 's room . elliott be sit on he top bunk , silhouett acainst he windew , wrap ina blanket . his focus be unchange , direct at the close . his door open , and michael , clad in pajamas , come in and climb up next to he . together they stare in the directicn ef the closet . the hera hove across the filthy room and teward the closet . the door be open , and a dim light can be see . . int . the closet ~ night ' 30 % 5909 128 the camera move into the closet , past the barricade of storage box and stuff animal . E.T. sit in he live area , lock through one of gertie 's ABC book . he turn the page slowly , stop at the letter ' B ' , for boy . E.T. touch the draw of the small boy . E.T. look up , and he attention be draw to the geranium , now place under the closet window . £.7. stare at the flower . reverse : the flower . : 129 before we eye , the flewear turn on its stem . as it face E.T. , it straighten . in a burst of life , its tight bud begin to open , suddenly bloom , burst forth in brilliant red ilower . : back : to E.T. mo 130 he strum he finger on the draw of - the boy , and we hear he speak softly . . E.T. Elliott , Elliott . fade out fade in : - ext . elliott's neighborhood - day 131 elliott pedais he bike slowly down the sidewalk as michael walk beside he . they be dress for school : jeans , jacket , backpack . they both look worried . ( continued ) i3l cont . inuzp : ( 2 ) 231 michael okay . so he hear real coed and can move stuff without touch it , and he ...on ged , Elliott ... now co you know there be not more of they ? elliott be silent . he look slightly paranoid as he turn to double check every adult in the vicinity : the milkman , a lady walk a dog , a man sit in a car at the corner . elliott he 's alone . any moron can see that . be that we regular milkman ? michael look and nod . michael who be that man ? why do he er seare ... go® ° ( search for 4s the word ) : : go »- ehim ? elliott I think he be leck for ... ( also search for word ) «.ehim . michael you gotta tell , Elliott . it 's too serious . os elliott . no ! I have absolute power . you say it . he need time , he want to stay with we . he have to plan he strategy . michael how do you know what he want ? be he in you brain or something ? elliott begin to answer , but michael press on . ( continued ) 331 be the e continued : ( 2 ) : michael he 's a man from outer srace , Elliott ! a real live extra terrestrial ! we could ail wake up and find ourselves on Mars or something , surround by million of this little , squashy guy . elliott do not get crazy . michael this be a excellent time to get crazy ! and besides , maybe he 's not smart enough to plan any strategy . maybe he 's like a worker bee who only know how to push button or something . elliott . 7 he be too smart ! and he 's good . gc it 's weird , it 's like I know how he go feel . and he 's good , I can tell . st ? michael % well , you would better think nice about he . just in case . ext . STREET corner ~ day 132 they have reach the corner bus stop . Children cf all age be group together on four different corner . as elliott and michael reach the corner , tyler yelis out . tyler : hey , Elliott . where 's you goblin ? the other d&d boy laugh . elliott give he brother 2a disappointed look : the look of one who have yet one more time be the butt of older boy ' joke . michael ( to Tyler ) shut up . steve do he come back ? '' ( continued ) 132 ~~ a 1320 1328 revised 9/8/81 48. continued ( 3 ) - 132 .. elliott ignore the boy . greg do he ? - elliott yeah , he come back , and he be not a goblin . he be 4 spaceman . michael punch elliott on the arm . the boy laugh . : . tyler oh , radical , man . elliott you be so immature . tyler and you be such a ¢cintus suprimus . a yellow school bus pull to a stop in front of the boy . or the older one board . a bus pull up to the opposite ss corner and small child board that one . '' int . bus - day @ 132a michael reach a seat on the bus , pull up the window , lean out . elliott whisper to he . . elliott this be go to be the_iongest day of my life . . the bus pull away . elliott climb on he bike and shove off , do wheelies down the sidewalk . int . front door - day 1325 x mary '' shoos " gertie out the front door . mary . go get in the car , we be late . gertie exit , mary grab she purse , lift a bundle of clothes for the dry cleaner , then hear a odd SOUND come from upstairs . mary pause , put down she bundle and climb the stair . . 132c 132d 1325 133 revised 9/8/81 '' 48a , int . elliott 's room - day 132 '' X mary open the deer aad enter the room . she grimace at the accumulate mess . she start to leave the rocm , then have a second think . she go to the closet . int . closet - " day 132d xx mary open the docr and step in . she have to bend over to walk to the rear of the closet . she peek at the nest area . it be empty .. mary smile at the sweet , childish - ness of elliott 's " hideout " . she never notice E.T. , lose among the lineup of stuff animal , 2 disgustingly " cute " , freeze look on he face . mary exit . ext . front of house - day 132e x mary run down the the bottom ofthe driveway , get into the car . she and gertie drive away . int . elliott's room - day E.T. stick he head qut sf Elliott 's bedrocm door . the house be quiet . only harvey be home and he rise from he post outside Elliott 's door when he see e.t . 135 136 1370 int . kitchen = day a empty kitchen . E.T. 's head peek around she coor . convince he be - alcne , £.t. waik into the kitchen . the refrigerator start to hum suddenly . 2.1. stop in he track . he assume he defensive , cpen-mouthed , hewling position . nothing happen . £.t. open the ice box door . he shiver in the blast of cold air , but recognize object of food and linger long enough to get something co eat : a handful of potato salad and a can of beer . £. T. stick he jong , skinny finger in the beer can 's poo- top and pull it free . he pour the beez down he throat . int . science lab - day . get ? 136 elliott be scribbling " E.T. " over and over again on he peechee as the science teacher at the front of the room ramble on ahout frog dissection . teacher ( 0.c. } so , we be go to peel the skin back and take a look inside the frog . you will notice that the lung will not collapse ... suddenly elliott let out a loud belch . there be silence in the classroom . then , the teacher continue . teacher ( 0.c. ) e-- and that the heart will go on beat for a short time after the death of the frog . you will get to see it if you work quickly . Children all around elliott , include the very pretty girl at he side , turn to stare at the offender . elliott be shocked at himself . he recover quickiy and point to the frog_ in the glass jar sit on the laboratory sink in front of he . close : the frog . - 137 he try to climb the side of the glass jar , he webbed foot slip on the smeoth surface . the frog croak . 138 139 140 141 142 143 int . playroom = day 138 E.T. , carry two can of beer , wander into the family playroom . gertie 's " speak - and-spell " be lie on the couch . E.T. pop another beer top , pour the content down the hatch and cautiously press a button on the toy . the game speak to he . " speak & spell '' voice gc c. can you spell cat ? the t.v. remote control be lie beside the " speak - & - spell " . E.T. press a button on that . the tv ceme on . E.T. turn to it , astonished . insert : . ' 139 a evangelist be heal blind people in a circus tent . back to E.T. 140 nee E.T. press another button . . 9 '' . : 4 $ " insert go 141 cartoon . back to E.T. 142 E.T. press the button again and again , and the television picture transform itself before he eye . 2.1. pop another beer top and keep drink . he lean against the couch and watch tv . harvey be now at he side and be lick the remnant of potato salad from E.T. 's éangle , alien finger . E.T. 's head sway on its neck . there be not doubt - E.T. be drunk . int . classroom = day . '' 143 close : the teacher drop a feel parcel on the desktop and roll it open ; surgical tool clink as they hit the hard wooden surface . ( continued ) 143 144 145 146 f™ 147 143 149 continued '' 143 teacher ( 0.c . ) all right , I be go to place a cotton ball soak with ether in each jar , and while we wait for the < roc to expire , we will ready we tool . wider to include elliott : 144 elliott 's face be smack up against the glass jar contain he doom frog . his sad , brown eye look enormous . close : , 145 the frog , look into elliott 's eye . back to elliott : 146 ellictt look up at the murderous teacher and , with a crack voice , speak . - elliot ? . be be you go to let the poor , go ? defenseless , little thing die ? 49 av int . playroom - day '' 147 E.T. be turn into a melancholy drunk . he leave the playroom and stagger into ' the kitchen . int . kitchen - day % : 148 harvey be at E.T. 's side . E.T. open the refrigerator and pull out another beer and something wrap in tin foil . E.T. open the tin foil and find a piece . of meat . the meat be unrecognizable to he , and he drop it on the flceor as he reach for another handful of potato salad . barvey eagerly eat the meat as E.T. start back toward the playroom . a open newspaper on the kitchen table stop he . insert : . 149 today 's instaliment of the flash gordon cartcon strip . ( continued ) revised - 8/28/81 52. 149 continued : 149 the down spaceman frcm yestercay 's cartoon climb out of ~~ he spaceship carry a machine . he set it up on the barren grounc beneath hin ang the machine come to life , send radar wave out into space . 150 back to E.T. 150 E.T. lift he head . a serene look come over he face . it be as if we can see the wheel turn as " think " take place . .150a reverse : the television isoa X the a.t. & T. telephone '' reach out and touch scmeone '' com - mercial be on . various old grandmas talk into phone . 150b back to E.T. : 150b x his attention move from the television set , back down to the cartoon , he " think " continue . isl int . classroom - day 151 elliott suddenly sit up very straight . he have the same , clear '' think '' look that e.t - have . : . elliott o™ ( to himself ) save he . the pretty girl next to elliott stare at he . elliott look down at he frog , now breathe its last . in a instant , elliott pull the top from the jar , reach in and lift out the frog . the child around elliott be shocked . elliott go to the next jar and frees that frog , then the next and the next . the classroom be in turmoil . frog be leaping for freedom . teacher ( 0.c. ) stop that ! elliott run for you life ! back to the river , back to the forest ! teacher ( grab elliott ) 8 to 3 ° elliot ! stop it ! elliott be laugh 152 152a 153 154 155 156 157 '' revised - 8/25/81 $ 3. int . kitchen - day . 152 X e.%. look again at the cartoon . quickly , =e.t. 's head spin eon its neck as he spot household item : the zing blender , the knob on the stove , a pincushion stuff with pin , the kitchen radio cn the windew sill , the tinfoil on the ficor - now be lick by harvey , a empty coffee can . int . playrocm - day 182a : E.T. come back into the playroom , still spot thing : a pair of toy walkie-talxy , a wooden hanger , a electric pencil sharpener . E.T. go to the couch and punch the tv remote control . insert : . 153 tv cut to a soppy love scene from a old movie . wider on E.T. : . 154 E.T. lift the " speak & spell " , and he finger play on the button , activate the digital read - out board and the toy 's voice . E.T. look up at the t.v . _ ; gee insert : | '' got ? '' 155 the hero grab the heroine , pull she head back and kiss she . back to E.T. : 156 he look at earvey , wrap he arm around the dog and kiss he on he shiny , black lip . int . classroom - day 157 elliott be be lead by the scruff of the neck from the ¢lassroom . the pretty girl stand near the doorway , a happily croaking frog in she hand . she smile at . elliott . elliott grab the girl by the hair , bend she ever and kiss she on the lip . Children be trip all over themselves try to catch frog . 158 1s9 160 161 162 163 int . hallway + day 158 elliott walk cown the long school hallway follow by he teacher . . int . playroom = day i59 E.T. be sit in front of the couch , a blanket laid out picnic-style at he feat , ' the blanket be cover with the household item spot by E.T. in he last appearance . some of they have already be dissect , wire and screw be separate into pile . barvey be still on the scene . suddenly he ear perk up . we hear the front door open . £. T. 's attention be on he 5 pile of stuff . qb& : go get ? angle on mary : 160 we see mary . she come walk down the hallway , ner arm full of grocery bag . she can not see £.t. insert : ' 162 E.T. lift the " speak 's spell . " he turn it over . ' the back have be remove , and we can see the intestine of the toy -- 2 roadmap schematic of the working . int . school hallway - day 162 , hear the heavy footstep of adult . ' they open the infirmary door . int . infirmary - day . : 163 a typical enough look nurse 's room , but the white wall , the white formica sink , the white medicine chest and the white linoleum floor be all cover with the " speak & speli " 's schematic pattern - seratch in mark - a- lot in a childish hand . the door open wider and wider . no Elliott . the decor open wider still , and elliott be reveal , work he way out the door and down the stair of the ainformary 's rear exit - scratch out the code of the '' speak -& spell . " . 164 165 166 167 , int . kitchen - Day mary be put away grocery . gertie ( 0.c. ) here he be ! mary here who be ? gertie ( 0.c . ) the man from the moon . mary ' laugh . 's mary gor '' oh . what a wonderful surprise . int . playroom - day gertie , wear she full " cowgirl " ensemble , smile down at =.t. gertie what be you do down here ? look at how much work you have do . be you scared ? be harvey nice to you ? int . kitchen - day harvey , always look for a handout , stand next +o mary as she load the refrigerator . mary be you a nice harvey ? harvey bark . the phone ring . mary answer . mary hello ? int . playroom - day " sesame Street " have come on the t.v. we hear big bird 's voice : . * . big bird ( v.0 . } welcome , lady and gentleman . ( continued ) 164 goee 166 167 167 168 169 170 171 continued : 167 . some other muppet ( v.0 . ) and monster . insert : 168 the t.v. see the funny little creature . close on £.t. : 169 ee pull the back off of the toy walkie-talky . wider : 170 gertie watch t.v. , and we hear big bird introduce the letter " B " . mary { ( 0.c. ) this be she. gee ( pause ) X 40 % how do you mean '' act go strangely " ? big bird ( v.0 . ) ° b.b. . gertie B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. - gertie look at E.T. as she recite . he finally become aware that he be be speak to when gertie put she cowgirl hat on he head . int . kitchen - day . 171 mary be still on the phone . , mary well , he be feel ill yesterday , but ... intoxicate ? " intoxicate " ? be you sure you have the right Elliott ? revised - 8/28/81 S ? , 172 int . playroom - day 172 E. T. look at gertiz . hear the letter " B " ( for many o™ thing ) be repeat on television . gertie x B. E.T. : x B. gertie . x you say B. good ! . E.T. . . B. good . - x mary ( 0.c. ) , x gertie . gertie climb up on the back of the couch where she can see she mother in the kitchen . mary gertie , I have to gc pick up Elliott . can you be a good girl and stay here and watch " sesame Street " , and I will be back in ten minute ? . gertie mama , he can talk . mary of course , he can . # alk . stay right there . Mary run out the back docr . gertie slide back down , and smile at £.t. ' gertie ' hi. '' E.T. hi. E.T. point to the telephone on the coffee table . he look at gertie . gertie phone. 9 ? ge E.T. of 5 % phone . B cm gertie ' you want to call somebody ? 172a 173 174 175 176 int . outside doorway to principal be office - day elliot ? be lead through the reception area anc into the principal 's office . int . principal be office - day over the principal' shoulder : we see elliott slump into a chair on the far side of the massive desk . principal tell I what it be , son . pot? quaalude ? angel wing ? ( pause ) emmm ? elliott look up at the principal , hopelessness write all over he face . int . first floor stairway - day £ .t. , now wear the cowgirl hat , belt and gun , stand at the foot of the stair . the blanket which have hold all the collect household item be now wrap into 4 puiky pundie . £.7. stare at the bundle and concentrate . the bundle begin to bounce its way up the staircase . gertiec stand beside e.t . she laugh and clap out the stair-count . gertie one . two . three. ooops ... the bundle fall back to step one . closs on E.T. tire and not very strong . he try again . int . principal' office principal I see you fine , young people search for escape , at such a tender age ... elliott look as if he be about to speak , but he be interrupt , not by a burp this time , but by a bounce . elliott and the chair lift into the air . they rise a foot , then crash back down again . 172a 173 174 175 176 l176 177 178 ( continued ) principal sure , the world look like a hopeless , cruel place ... elliott stare at the principal . the principal have he glass off , he be wiping the lense . he do not witness the levitation . int . staircase ~ day the bundle move up the stair . gertie none . ten . two more . int . principal' office = day elliott be almost head - against - the-ceile now . principal «.- but resorting to drug . and liquor be no answer . the principal look up at the levitate elliott the principal 's thumb go through he glass frame , punch out a lens . the man 's hang begin to shake , suddenly , elliott and chair fall back down . the door open . mary enter . elliott ah , Mom ... mary start to speak , but the principal interrupt she . principal yes , ah , this be you mother ?... that 's a fine idea , a little rest be all you need , ah ... mary look at elliott and in sign language ask he if he have be drink . elliott shake he head " no . " ( continued ) aoe 176 177 178 gor 178 179 180 isl 182 183 , continued : 178 principal I be sure this be all some sort of misunderstanding . the principal open a drawer and pull out a tray of pill . his hand be shaking violently . elliott should I go now , sir ? g ' 9 ° gr principal . X 5 % . yes. please . dismiss . a0 elliott take mary 's hand and lead she from the room . int . front door - day 179 elliott open the door , throw he backpack on the table 's and run up the stair . mary come in behind he , lcsoke a bit bedraggle . . int . second floor hallway - day , 180 elliott be run toward he room when he notice that gertie 's door be open . through gertie' door : 181 see gertie struggle to close the closet 's door . int . gertie 's room - day . 182 elliott step into gertie 's room and close she door . gertie look up . she step away from the closet . elliott walk past she and shove open the closet door . int . closet - day : og E.T. stand as elliott enter the nest area , a area now cramme full with household object . £ E.T. bow to elliott , and the cowboy hat fall over one eye . £. T. stand erect and speak : . ( continued ) revised - 9/28 61 . 183 continued 183 E.T. Elliott elliott smile . gertiz move to he side . - gertie I teach he how to talk . he can talk now . : elliott take the hat from e.7. 's head . he spot the oren " speak & spell " . elliott . you talk to I . . : , . elliott remove the cowboy vest . : elliott E.T. can you say that ? I be Elliott . you be e.t . E.T. E.T. - gertie . . '' be good . " I teach he that . ellictt hand gertie she cowboy clothes and pushes she out the door . elliott . you should give he he dignity . lulott shut the door on gertie . he look back at £.t. £ E.T. x iift the flash gordon cartoon and show it to elliott . ' elliott ' x be this ... strategy ? . =£ . T. inhale and speak . ander x e.t , to go x phone . R elliott x phone ? E.T. point to the cartoon and out the door . elliott do not x understand . £. T. carry the cartoon to the closet door lead to elliott 's room . elliott epen the door . revised - 8/28/81 183a int . elliott's room day elliott run to he door and lock it . E.T. step out of the closet . he point back into the clos E.T. Home , elliott nod . elliott E.T. home . E.T. point out the window . E.T. E.T. home . phone . there be three knock at the door . elliott E. T. phone home ? elliott open the deer and grant michael close the door behind he and lock it . E.T. E.T. phone home . michael spin around and look at E.T. michael Elliott ? . J elliott i shhh. E.T. phone home ? | E.T. point out the window . : elliott '' and they will come ? E.T. come . ' michael drop to a chair . michael Elliott ? et . entrance . continued michael 183a 184 185 revised - 8/28 . 7 63. continued i83a : £.t. look longingly out the window , E.T. come . omit 184 x int . van = night 185 we be inside a high - tech , audio " snooper " van . keys be at the control board . we see blink light and hear static . we realize that keys be hone in on the suburban conversa - tion of Elliott 's neighborhood . greg' voice Mom , to make cookie , be a cup of milk the same cup as a cup of flour ? woman' voice ( ery ) what do you mean , - you be go out ? where ? we man' voice just get out of my life , will you tyler' voice come on , my parent will not be home for hour . . at 185 186 187 continued : 185 : - girl voice no really . tyler' voice it 's good for you . it make you skin clear up . mary voice Peter say , '' the redskin be defeat ? Wendy and the boy capture by the pirate ? I will rescue she ! " tink ring out awarn cry . '' oh , that be just my medicine . poison ? " michael' voice q I guess we should just get 49 ° anything that look like he ao could make a machine with it . elliott's voice what would make radar ? keys adjust he knob and tune in on this conversation . michael' voice how the hell de I know ? ' you be the genius here . you have absolute pewer , remember ? " I find he . he belong to I . " : keys wave he hand , and the van come to a stop ext . elliott's house - night 186 a nondescript van be park at the bottom.of Elliott 's driveway . we can see light spilling from under the garage door . : int . garage - night 187 elliott and michael be fill cardboard box with tool , wire and '' machine - make " object . michael blow the dust off of a solder iron and add that to the box . ( continued ) 187 188 continued : 187 : michael ( gently ) you know , ellictt , he do not look too good lately . elliott do not say that ! we be fine ! michael what 's this ' we ' stuff , you say ' we ' all the time now . I be not kid . I think he might be get kinda sick . elliot ? 7 . he 's fine ! ° 400 ? '' michael okay , forget I mention it . grab that ' fuzz - buster . " elliott add the radar- detect device to the cardboard box . michael turn out the light . int . closet - night . 188 E.T. be sit in he nest area . a man 's old college jacket be drape over he shoulder . he be work on he communicator . a definize mechine have begin to take shape . the wooden hanger now have twenty= six color wire protrude from the dowel stick , and this wire be attach to the open " speak & spell . " the speaker from the " walkie-talky " be tape to the front of the " speak & spell , " and a heavy piece of coaxial cable lead from this speaker to a coffee can . , at this moment , E.T. be examine the working of 2 child 's record player . he be also listen to mary tell gertie she bedtime story . mary ( 0.¢. ) " what , tink , you have drunk my medicine ! " she flutter strangely around the room , answer he now ina very thin tinkle . " it be + ( continued ) " 188 continued : ( 1 ) 188 poison and you drank it to save my lite ! ' tink , dear ' pink , be you die ? " elliott open the closet decor and step in with a cardboard box . E.T. look up at he . £.t. do look bad . ee have pale and have a heavy bead of perspiration on he forehead . he also nas the shiver . elliott look at the spaceman , and he face register he concern . the dcy becin to unload the cardboard box . he pull out serewdriver , naiis , the " fuzz-buster " and the solder iron . when he pull out a ragce - toothe sawblade , he scrape a mean cut in he finger . elliot ( whisper ) ouch . go the boy blow on he wounded hand . E.T. look up . mary ( 0.c. ) her light be srow faint and if it go out , that mean she be dead . her voice be so low I can scarcely tell what she be say . E.T. raise he forefinger , and it slowly take on 2 brilliant pink giow . this be new to elliott , and the boy automatically back away from E.T. mary ( 0.c . ) she say she think she couid get well again if child believe in fairy ! Peter rise and throw out he arm , he know not to whom , perhaps to the boy and girl of whom he be not one . " do vou believe in fairy ? say quick that you believe ! " gertie ( 0.c . ) I do ! E.T. touch elliott 's wound with he glow finger . gently he wipe the finger across elliott 's hand . £.t. pull he hand away , and the light go out . elliott look down at he hand . the wound be heal . {continued ) 188 189 190 192 192 continued : " ( 2 ) 188 mary ( 0.c. ) " le you believe , clap you hand .* we hear gertie clap ner hand . mary = ( 0.c . ) many clap , some do not , a few hiss , but tink be save . elliott look up at E.T. , who have lean he head against the wall to hear the end of Mary 's story . elliott take a corner of the quilt E.T. be sit on and cently wipe the perspiration from the spaceman 's brow . elliott ' smile at E.T. £ E.T. smile at elliott . mary ( 0.c. ) ger " oh thank you , thank vou , thank go you ! and now , to save Wendy ! '' 4 go int . elliott's room - niget 189 elliott be sound asleep in the top bunk . a copy of " how thing work " lie on he chest . the closet door open . =.7. step into the room . =.t. go to _ Elliott 's bedroom door . int . mary room - night 199 mary be asleep in she bed . E.T. enter the room . he pause at the door and lock at Mary 's dress hang on the closet door , a leopard skin dress . + E.T. look around mary 's room , a room fill with plant . E.T. move closer to mary . close : mary . boole 191 E.T. ' 's head rise on its long neck to peer down at mary 's sleep fisure . wider : - 192 ° mary turn over , and E.T. can see she naked back . ( continued ) 192 193 revised = 8/25/81 6d . continued : . 192 next to Mary 's bed be a small , cluttere bedside table . among other thing , there be a smali silver bowl contain m&ms. E.T. take a M&M and lay it on the pillow next to Mary 's head . £.t. quietly leave the room . fade out . fade in : int . bathroom - day . 193 elliott stand in front of the mirror apply the last touch to he monster make - up . gertie be stand on a stool behind he , watch . she be dress as a cowgirl with hat , vest , boot and gun . we hear mary , in a ioud and angry voice . mary ( 0.c . ) no , and that be final . you be not go as 4 terrorist ! yee michael ( 0.c. ) 600 . , but all the guy be . 30 % elliott turn and look at gertie£ .. elliott you be go as a ghost . you . promise . gertik : I be only pretend I be go as a cowgirl . , elliott : : you know the plan by heart ... '' 4 gertie : meet you at " the lookout " . at '' the lookout " . I be not stupid , you know . i mary ( 0.c . ) listen , buster , you will not get four block in this neighborhood aressea like tnar . michael ( 0.c. ) please . mary ( 0.c. ) no : 194 int . closet - day be 4 elliott enter the closet follow by michael . £.t. be take aback by ellictt 's monster makeup . elliott ready ? E.T. ( nervously ) ready . elliott , aid by michael , strap the finish communicator to he back . 195 int . staircase ~ day , 195 xx a " trick -or - treat " bag move into frame . a batter nike step into frame and descend the stair . this be follow by E.T. 's '' cartoon foot " and finally a even worse look , smaller nixe . 196 int . live room =- day : 196 X view into the dining room : michael ( 0.c. ) ( in a nervous voice ) okay , Mom , you can look now . mary step into view . she be wear she leopard gress , a eye mask , frizze hair and be carry a wand with a giirter - ing star on top . she smile acoringly at she child . harvey wear a bandana around he neck . 197 reverse : the child . 197 X michael be a hobo , in black clothes , crummy hat and five o'clock shadow . a gag knife shaft be ulue to he throat . elliott be a hunchback , with paint face and a heavy woolen cap cover the communicator on he back . E.T. be supposedly gertie , disguise as a ghost : white sheet , ski hat and skeleton face mask . 197a - back on mary _ 006 ? 197a mary get do not move . she run into the dining room . £ E.T. turn he head to look at the television . set in the live room . the television set be broadcasting the six o'clock news . ; ( rev white 9 /3 not full distrib ) . rev , 9/8/81 70 . 197b insert : a newsclip on t.v. 1973 a auto accident . a wounded man be be load onto a stretcher . a newsman stick a microphone in he face . 197 '' back to E.T. i97 '' a white light become visible under E.T. 's ghost sheet . E.T. raise he finger . it be glow . E.T. stroke he finger through the air , not far from the television screen . 197d insert : the television 197d the man on the stretcher suddenly sit up . he feel he bone , nothing be break . he shout . wounded man Holy shit ! 197e back to boy - angle on E.T. & ' michael 197e X E.T. look up at michael and before elliott can shove E.T. 's glow finger under the sheet , E.T. raise he hand to michael 's artificial wound . nothing happen . 's michael be ~ beside himself with surprise . elliott grab E.T. 's hand ' and push it under the sheet just as mary reenter the i room with a Polaroid . ioe mary . go ? you look great . gt? 198 omit g 198 x 199 wider : flash from polaroid 5 199 E. T. 's leg buckle and he start to collapse under the shock of the flash camera . michael and elliott grab he arm and pull he back to he foot . mary have not see this slip , she be lay the camera on top of the television and pull free the instant photo . 199a insert : television 199a the wounded man . be on he foot , dance , scream , grab the microphone and yell . wounded man I be fine , look at this arm . I do not know how ... the man drop to he knee . a . . -- yu 1998 199c 200 201 revised - b/3a / Si th. back to boy 1998 while the picture be drying , mary give the chilcren last minute instruction . all the time , michael be inching closer to the front door . . wider 199 '' mary now , you guy stick with you sister , you can go act crazy after you bring she home . and doe not go past the 7 - 11 . and de not eat anything that be not wrap , and ...- michael . do not eat any apple ' cause they may have razor blade and do not drink any punch ' cause it may have lsd in it . mary hush michael . then mary bend to E.T. and kiss he on the nose as elliott speak . elliott Mom ! will you fix this ? mary rise to elliott . she pull the cape tight under he neck and tie it . | mary a hunchback ? . g 8 8 be elliott to $ a goblin . 8 ext . front of house - dusk 200 X michael have reach the drivewey . elliott run to join he and they lead E.T. slowly down the drive . harvey be with they . mary ( ealling to boy ) and be home one hour after sundown . no later . E.T. turn to look back at mary . reverse . 201 mary , stand on the path . she wave she magic wand at the small ghost . yy 202 2024 '' 202 aa 2028 202¢ 202d revised - 8/31/81 ext . street - dusk establish shot : the street be fill with child , dress as cat and clewn , princess and pirate . ext . street - dusk elliott , E.T. and michael move among the throng of " trick or treaters " . harvey be at they side . ext . street - e.t.' Pov through the rag eye-hole of E.T. 's sheet , we see he view of this strange night -- he first view of earthly society . there be child of all size , dress up in all type of outfit . remain with E.T. 's Pov , we see.a small yoda approach . back to boy E.T. turn to watch the little gnome walk past he . the boy take E.T. with they , out of the mainstream , head uphiil . ext . FIRE road below lookout - dusk elliott , £.t. and michael stand in the middle of the road look this way and that . finally , michael look up . reverse : michael' Pov gertie , sit at the top of the lookout above the fireroad . elliott 's bicycle be beside she . michael ( 0.c . ) the fireroad , man , we say the fireroad . y 5h gor gertie you say the lookout . michael ( 0.c . ) get down here , we be lose precious time . 202a X 202ra 2028 X 202c 202d X '' 2025 203 207 208 209 210 211 revised - 8/31/81 73. ext . FIRE road -. dusk - later 202e elliott be on he bicycle , E.T. be in the basket strapped to the handlebar . a over-size unbrella be lash to the rear of the bike . silently , elliott steer he bike away from he brother and sister . as elliott bounce along the dirt road and disappear around a bend , michael take gertie be hand . the two stare out over the nieghborhood : a full panorama of the ehild 's familiar world . 203 X omitted . through : 207 ext . FIRE road - dusk 208 elliott huff and puff he wey up the dirt road . £.t. sit in the basket . : ext . forest ~— dusk 2039 elliott pull off the fire road and guide he bike dewn a forest path . =. T. turn he head to find the source of every forest noise . . omitted . 210 x gor back to elliott and E.T. 43 ° 212 . qo E.T. Elliott . elliott yes , e.t.? e.t . E.T. phone home . £.t. phone home . elliott yes ? here ? 212 213 revised = 8/31/81 74 . ext . middle of the forest - niset elliott steer the bicycle awkwardly through the heavy forest . E.T. be bounce in he seat . 's his excitement be contagious . elliott yes ? : E.T. yes. come . elliott start to climb down from the bicyle . elliott . it 's too bumpy , we will have to walk now . another angle E.T. be too excited to wait through all this talk . a focuss concentration , E.T. lift the bicycle into 212 X 213 with tee AIR . gb ye 214 215 216 217 218 219 ext . sky - night 214 it be all elliott can do to grab the handlebar and take the ride . ' the bicycle glide five foot over the tall gress and circle the landing site . elliott Net too high ! not too high ! E.T. feel Elliott 's joy , and in the excitement of he own triumph , E.T. allow the ride to continue . the bicycle rise to the tree top . elliott ride the bicycle , pedall as hard as he can , steering through the tree top . he scream , laugh . 1 gor ext . the sky - niget get 215 with a gentle turn , elliott skim the full harvest moon . ext . forest - night , " 216 liott pop wheelies as he descend over the tree top . ext . the landing site - niget . 217 the bicycle crash on impact . elliott , still laugh , sit up and pulis he cape off . 5.7. be on he foot . he help elliott unload the communicator . ext . the landing site - night , 218 elliot ? and E.T. place the communicator on the ground . close : the communicator : : 219 have see the original making of the machine and one or two glimpsis of it '' in -progress " we can see how the whole be now able to justify the mean . the " speak & spell '' be attach by wire to the child 's record player . the sawblade ( paint blue and bear small hele ) sit where a record should be . the woeden hanger be position above the sawblade , and twenty - six color wire protrude from the hanger 's dowel stick just touch the surface of the sawblade . a rope of color wire lead from the " walkie-talkie " speaker ( tape to the front of the " speak & spell '' ) to a coffee can , now housing a uhf receiver . : ( continued ) 219 220 221 222 223 223a 223k 223l 223m revised 9/2/81 76 . continued : 219 the actual " arm " of the child 's record player be now place perpendicular to the record plaver itself . to this appendage , E.T. tie a string . . ext . landing site - night 220 £.t. descend the rocky incline and move toward the forest , unwind string as he go . 2 ext . the edge of the forest - niget ann . 221 e.t , tie the string the a tree limb . the wind blow . the tree limp move . the string pull taut . ext . the landing site - nigat 222 a elliott stand beside the communicator . he watch it come to life . the string pull the record player arm which pull a spring which pull a hook which rotate the sawblade 's surface , purposefully catch in the pattern of hole . the screen of the " speak & speil " light up , but instead of ' letter , we see dot and dash < -- odd , unearthly shape . through the " walkie- talkie " speaker , we hear unearthly sound . E.T. be now beside elliott . he reach into the boy 's " trick or treat " bag and pull out spool of color wire . ext . the forest - night . 223 close : on E.T. " 's hand as they slide a wire into the vein of a leaf . E.T. dig a wire into the trunk of a massive redwood tree . he divide a wire between the thin branch ofa pine tree . £. T. tap the power of the forest . . 223a omitted through 223k int , elliott " 's house / front door - night ' 223l X mary be sit on the bottom stair , twirling she star-wand , obviously angry . finally she get up , grab she purse and key and leave the house . ext . elliott's house - night 223m X mary back she car down the driveway . a . 223n 223p 2230 223r 2238 223t 2230 223v revised 9/8/81 76a. int . front dcor - niget . 223n xx we see a shadow climb the stair . int . second storey landing - night 223p X a shadow slink past the jack -o- lantern on the landing , a door open and the wind blow the pumpkin 's candle . int . outside elliott's bedroom door - night 2239 X Elliott 's door be close . suddenly , a light in he room ' go on . we hear loud clicking , and see a extension cord , plugge into a outlet cutside Elliott 's room , 2 pull taut under the door . gr yo int . elliott's room - night oa qdv 223r X the SOUND of keys . the SOUND of a geiger counter . the closet door be push open . int . closet - night - 2238 X : Elliott have a '' bocby - trap " ' set up just inside the closet door , a large bell . as the deor be push open , the bell fall , ringing gently . . close : the bell : 2237 X falling in slow motion . a large , man 's hand reach out and grab the bell before it hit the floor . hear keys . another angle 2230 X into the nest area , E.T. 's home . the SOUND of the geiger counter grow louder . ext . neighborhood - night 223v xx mary 's car round a corner . view of the STREET : the innocence of early evening have be replace with the craziness of teenage Halloween . boy and girl in bizarre " punk " outfit be reaming the street . a house be beeing t.p. would . firecracker be go off and the street be fill with the rainbow effect of smoke bomb . it be not a violent sight but one of wild abandon . 74 continued . 223v 2234 223 % 223¥ - 2232 revised 9/8/81 tép. continued . 223v xx michael and gertie stand in a pool of light cast from a street lamp . the Dead boy stand nearsy , watch che fun . michael turn and see he mother 's car . int . mary car - night 223w X mary peer through the windshield . and see michael and gertie . just as she spot they , a egg hit she windshield and obstruct she view . she brake . ext , neighborhood STREET ~ niget 223 x ( x ) greg oh , oh . now we be gonna die . . ext . mary car - niget 223 '' X mary rolis down she window and she angry face be slewly reveal to the child . mary . oe sorry , Mary , they do not know .... q get in the car . mary Michael , gertie , get in the car this instant . where 's Elliott ? int . mary car - night , 2232 X michael and gertie climb in . they do not answer mary 's question . mary where 's Elliott ? silence . mary I be ask you a question . : . gertie anyway , why would Elliott go to the dorest , anyway ? why would he do such a thing ? mary look at michael . michael try to smile at he mother . 224 225 , 226 227 - 228 ravesow 7 6 , as ce ay ~ . ext . landing site ~ nite 224 through the tall grass , £.t. and elliott approach the landing site , they hancs full of wire . . ext . landing site - night 225 close : the umbrella , now open . we see that it be line with aluminum foil . attach to its handle be the coffee can , hold a uhf receiver . £. T. knot the many wire and attaches they to the coffee can . z poe wider : 498 226 : : : . — 30 E.T. step back . ' the wind blow . if only we could see vibration line , we would witness E.T. 's message beam into space . . ext .' landing site - night : 227 E.T. sit next to he machine . he stare at the sky . elliott whisper : elliott we have to go now . we be * so late already . E.T. stare up at the sky . elliott we have to get home , E.T. E.T. drop he head to he chest . elliott you have to give they some time . E.T. look up at elliott . the spaceman be ery . E.T. put he hand to he chest and whisper . E.T. ouch . close on elliott : . 228 he , too , be in tear . elliott you could be happy here . I would take care ef you . I would not let 's anybody hurt you . 229 230 230 a 231 241 242 243 244 revised 9/8/81 78.& 79 . wider 229 E.T. look up at the sky . he refuse to budge . elliott sit down beside he . together they stare at the sky . angle - the night sky . 230 ext . landing site - night , 230a x the view lower back down to the landing site and we see that elliott be asleep on the ground . E.T. be still awake , sit up . he rise and walk to the communicator . he bend to the - communicator and fiddle with it . dissolve to : - ge 231 omitted of through ae ) 241 ex2 . landing site - dawn 242 elliott be wrap in he woolen cape , asleep . a raccoon be sniff around the communicator . elliott be shiver in he sleep . his goblin makeup have smear and run and he look terrible . elliott wake up with a shudder . he look around he . : pull back '' 243 e.7. be go . int . kitchen - dawn . 244 mary be pace the kitchen . she stop to polish the faucet at the sink as she speak to a uniform man sit - . ting at the kitchen table . mary have obviously not sleep all night . . continued 244 245 246 '' 247 248 continued :° 244 mary I guess he 's about 4 foot 8 , you know , a small person . he be dress as a hunchback . she start to weep . michael enter thro the back door . mary look up . michael shake he head . policeman ( 0.c. ) be there any indication that he might have run away ? through the kitchen window : , 245 we see elliott descend the backyard step . he be wrap in the cape , but the hunchback be go . back to the group : V 246 , gno® michael 48 Elliott ! bo mary look up . she beat michael to the back door . mary grab ellictt up in she arm and hug he . close on elliott : 247 he be sick . the make - up have run , and the red around he eye give he a haunt look . wider : . 248 '' michael cannot resist hugging elliott himsel . policeman ( 0.c . ) be this we miss person ? mary yes ! yes ! oh , thank you . he 's back . elliott whisper to michael . elliott be he here ? michael shake he head " no " . elliott collapse , he head fall onto Mary 's shoulder . his eye flutter close . 249 250 251 252 253 int . elliott's rocm - day 249 mary lay elliott on he bed and cover he with a blanket . michael be at she side . mary he 's so hot . Elliott ? elliott I fall asleep in the forest . mary ( to Michael ) stay here , I will be right back . mary leave the room . michael lean closer to elliott . michael where ...? what happen ? elliott 9 you get to find he , Mike . get in the forest .. near the . bald spot . mary return with a steaming washrag and a towel . she gently begin to wipe elliott 's face . michael run out the decor . close on elliott : 250 as he turn and look at the closet . close : to , 251 the closet door be open . we can see the geranium sit on the floor ef the closet . it have yellow dramatically , and its flower have fall off and lie dead on the floor . ext . elliott's house ~ day : . 252 michael come careen down the driveway on Elliott 's bicycle . . ext . STREET - day . a . - 253 | a car pull out of a driveway and follow michael . we can see the form of three man sit in the car . michael turn and see they . 254 255 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 ext . street - day michael be be follow . he know it . he slow down . the car slow down behind he . michael make a right turn at a corner . the car turn right also . michael have disappear . ext . alley - day michael be fast - pedall the bike , tear down the alley . the car back up and turn down the alley . '' ext . between two house - day michael guide he bike down the narrow passageway between two house . the car pull to a halt . there be no way 2 it can follow . 500 qo xn ext . FIRE road - day bo michael huff and puff the bicycle up the dirt road . ext . forest - day michael walk the bicycle down a dirt path . he head toward _ the landing site . ext . landing site - day michael look down at the communicator . he lift the white sheet that once cover e.t . ext . forest - day michael wander through the forest . hear the sound of run water . ext . creek - day michael come out of a heavily wood area . he stop dead in he track . . , what he sees : lying in the creek , he head twisted at a grotesque angle , be E.T. . back to michael michael stoops down and gently lift E.T. 's head . the spaceman be breathe heavily . michael lift he and carry he into the forest . vee 254 255 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 264 265 33. ext . FIRE road - day 264 michael stand under tree coverage as é helicopter fly over he head . : when the helicopter be go , michael reach into the tree and pull out the bicycle . he hop on and rice gown the road . e.7. , wrap from head to toe in the white ghost sheet , be in the basket . int . mary room ~ day . 265 elliott be in Mary 's bed . his eye be wide open , stare . mary come in with a bowl of soup . she hold it out to elliott , put elliott shake he head " no " . mary put the soup down and lie down on the bed next to the boy . elliott snuggle closer to she . mary can not you tell I what 's the matter ? elliott get I feel like everything 0 % be worth nothing . go mary hug he to she . _ mary oh , baby , that 's no way to feel . elliott I try to do the right thing , , and I just make everything worse . mary everyone feel like that sometimes . you can only do the best you can do . go to sleep now . elliott close he eye . mary fall asleep . elliott hear something . he turn he head to the door . michael be stand in the doorway . he motion to elliott to come join he . elliott slide out of bed . mary remain asleep . 267 84 . int . closet = day 266 E.T. be back in - he rest area . he be wrap in a quilt . his eye wearily open and close as he watch a daddy longless elimb up the wall beside he . elliott ané michael sit on either side cf he . elliott hold E.T. 's hand . : michael tt 's all not work . elliott we can not tell . michael ( a raise whisper ) Men follow I , man , be not you listen ? why would anyone follow I unless they know ? elliott oe we can only do the best we 49 % can do ! and , we will lose he bd if we tell . =.t. look at the boy . michael . ( softly ) we will lose he if we do not tell . ( pause ) and , Elliott , we will lose you . wiott lift E.T. 's long forefinger and touch it to the spaceman 's heart . elliott heal yourself . can not you ? E.T. shake he head " no " again . int . mary room = day ° . 267 on mary : still asleep . hear water run . michael ( 0.c . ) . Mom ? Mom ? +: mary wake up . ( continued ) 267 continued :- 267 . mary hmm ? where 's Elliott ? 268 wider : 268 michael Mom , I have something really serious to tell you . mary be he go @gain ? mary jump out of bed . michael but first you have get to promise . mary Michael , what be it ? michael come with I . 269 int . mary 's bathroom , 269 the shower be tun , but the curtain < 5 close . many follow michael into the bathroom . michael - Mom , remember that goblin ? mary Michael , what be you talk about ? michael just swear , the most excellent promise you can make . mary Michael ! michael take a deep breath and pull back the shower curtain , 270 reveal : elliott and e.t , be sit on the floor of the shower stall . =.t. have he head rest on elliott 's shoulder , elliott look up at mary , elliott we be sick , we be die . 271 272 273 274 275 276 277 , 278 279 back to mary : : 272 mary sink down onto the tub . then she stand and turn off the shower water . she sink again . she rise , and in a very calm , orderly manner , pulis ellictt from the shower , urab gertie 's hand and shove michael out the docr . int . stairway - Day . 272 mary run down the stair , push the child in front of she . elliott protest . elliott 7 we can not leave he alone . get int . front door - day ' yor 273 mary fling the door open , she scream . reverse : a man dress in a huge , cumbersome , " Apollo - type " 274 Space suit be stand just outside the door . : back to mary : 275 mary slam the deor and run for the live ' roon . int . kitchen - Day _ | 276 mary and the child run through the kitchen and into the playroom . just as they near the slide glass door , a man in @ space suit enter it . mary head for the window . view terough tee window : 277 aman in a space suit be taping a sheet of heavy plastic over the glass . ns back to the group : . . 278 mary sink to the couch . mary my house . michael step in front sf he mother and push the other child behind he . he instinctively become the man of the house , try to guard he family from the intruder . int . bathroom - Day . 279 through the bathroom window , we see a heavy layer of plastic drop down over ' the house . 280 281 ~82 283 284 closer : on e.7. 280 still in the shower , e.t , be cower in the corner of the stall . he whisper , almost cries , in a sofe voice . e.t , please . Home . fade ouT get fade in 4 «0 ext . elliott 's rouse - nicht . 3 281 establish shot : we witness the result of a incredible metamorphosis , the entire house have be drape in a heavy , transperent vinyl . huge air hose climb up over the roof and Circle the perimeter of the structure , Bright light , brace on tall scaffold , illuminate the home . the cul - de-sac have be corcone off , and the griveway be block by trailer and truck . the eerie picture be complete by the coming and going of man in blue jumpsuit . hear ted SOUND of keys , int . trailer ~ night . '' 282 keys , see from the waist sow , pull on a space suit , ( something about the suit - a arm patch , a colorad helmet - will distinguish kry from the other ) . as kry pull on the helmet , we see he entire body , and then , he face . it 's not the. face of a monster , but of a kindly - look young man , not much more than a child himself . the sounp of keys be replace with the SOUND of keyss ' artificial , liquid - oxygen breathe . ext . trailer ~ night 283 keys exit the trailer , and step right into a over-size air hose . : int . AIR hose - nrguT . . 284 keys reach a zipper door ( the pneumatic seal ) , go through . it and enter stage one of this quarantine house - the live room . 285 int . live room = night 285 Elliott 's house have be invade by the " best and the brightest " : scientist and doctor galore -- medical goctor , psychiatrist , biologist , geolocist , raciclogist , cardiologist , even a dara - psycholocist . all have come to brebe the mystery that have live within this home . and it élso appear , they have come to attempt to save two life - E.T. 's and elliott be . mary be sit in a straight - back chair . michael be across the room , sit en the piano stool and gertie , clutching the indian doll , have the couch all to herself . hear and see bit and piece of what be go on : ° mary as keys move through this rtom on he way to the playroom , we let I go to my son . . get a doctor take a sample of mary 's blood . 490 poctor 9 any . environmental . change that have occur since the , ah ... " it " have be sequester in the home ? temperature , humiégity , light intensity ? a doctor take michael 's blood pressure . cooctor do you notice any superficial change in he skin color , or breathe ? any hair loss , any evidence of surface sweat ? michael he never have any hair . a doctor snip a strand of gertie 's hair . doctor {to psychiatrist ) apparently they have be able to establish a primitive languacse system with the creature . Seven , eight unisyllabic word . psychiatrist ( to gertie ) have you see you friend exhibit any emotion ? have he laugh or cry ? gertie Elliott say he cry . ( continued ) 285 286 '' 287 288 revised = 8/26/84 yakle [ eate™ continued : 238s . psychiatrist Elliott say he cry ? int . dine room - night 286 keys move through the dining room , occupy by scientist , machine , monitor and microscope . keys step through a zipper door lead to the hallway . int . hallway - 287 frr keys breathe . we move down the hallway towards bright light . int . playroom = 288 tt might have be assume that the visual shock of the house quarantine have reach its peak , but the look of the playroom be terrifying . the entire room be drape in plastic . every conceivable spot be occupy by a machine , or a moniter er a person wear 4 '' cleaneroom " suit ( less bulky than the space suit but equally awesome ) . the hum of machine and the buzz of conversation drown cut keys 's heavy breathe . we can hear michael 's voice come in over the intercom speaker : michael . 42 he communicate through Elliott . go ? oso doctor ( 0.¢. ) % Elliott think he thought ? michael i go no , Elliott feeis he feeling . keys near the center of the room . we see for the first time the nucleus of attention of this cluster - a portable " clean - room , " ten foot by ten foot , plastic and transparent . the wall of the room flap against the floor as air push down from a ceiling filter and cleanse the small environment . doctor encircle the room . five of they have they arm insert into the room via rubber glove . they be touch , testing and examine the room 's two eceupant , Elliott and £.t . we hear the conversation of the doctor in this room : ( continued ) 288 o~ continued : ( 1 ) , 288 attendant I be get a read now , _ not a human £xe pattern . doctor # 2 what do you get ? : attendant T do not know . doctor # 42 any q , R , X wave ? attendant no. doctor # 2 any wave at all ? attendant ; 59008 I do not know , por doctor # 2 , have you get a location on he heart and thorax ? . attendant iodo not know . - doctor # 2 sonar ! , sonar oo running the sonar over the thorax . - doctor # 2 location ? sonar per human . doctor # 2 heart ? sonar difficult to see . ( continued ) 288 '' '' continued : ( 2 ) 288 doctor # 2 do he have a2 heart ? sonar the whole screen be light up . it look lixe he whole chest be ... a heart . cardiclogist be the heart enlarge ? diminish lung capacity ? throughout this conversation , test be be conduct on both E.T. and elliott with stethescopes , tongue gepressor , a examination of bone and muscle , eye examination . examiner body look like a markfan type . opthamologist write down , ah , comparative exopthalmia . : examiner 9 Foot reflex reveal bilateral gt ? babinskis . % doctor # 2 I do not hear any breathe . doctor # 3 be he dysphic ? attendant wait , there 's a breath . just one . physical scientist have we get any type of trace element ? attendant we have establish a radioactive threshold . but no evidence of superficial burn on family , no bone damage . doctor # 3 Christ , let I hit a vein . : . ( continued ) t 288 y J ) continued : 3 ) 288 the doctor puncture £.t. 's skin again and again , search for a vein . E.T. turn he head and look at elliott . elliott cry out in pain . doctor # 3 doppler ! have you pick up any blood flow ? doppler I think we be see some blood . in the inquinal area . attendant we be pick up some extra-systaly . doctor # 3 goer how do you know ? 49 % . qo attendant creature 's read and simultaneous boy 's read . elliott look up . keys be stand next to he , outside the plastic wall . ellioti urimace in pain . doctor # 3 . get one . blood . ger it out of here and into diagnostic . see E.T. 's bloed , in & syringe , move through the sterilizer . it be green . elliott speak to keys . ellictt he 's scared of you . keys can you tell he not to be scared . elliott you be hurt he . you be kill we . doctor # 2 T want a buckle smear . ( continued ) 288 continued : - ( 4 ) 288 hand reach in and take a sample from E.T. 's inside cheek . elliott cry out . elliott turn away from keys . elliott he 's my friend , and you be xilling he ! keys motion to the doctor . the rubber hand step they work , they leave E.T. alone for a moment . . keys we be try to help you , elliot¢ . he 's sick . he need attention . E.T. turn he head and look at elliott . elliott stare at E.T. as he speak . elliott he want to stay with I . he do not know you , . gre : keys 40 % Elliott , you friend be a rare go ~ and valuable creature . we want to know he . if we get to know he , we can learn sco many thing about the universe and about life . you understand that , do not you ? elliott nod . he turn to face keys , keys of and it 's because of you that with might all get to finally know something about ourselves . because you save E.T. and protect he . and be good to he . can you let we do we part now ? can you let we try to save he ? elliott he want to be with I . keys he will be . he always will be . | wherever he go , you will go . I promise you that . . ( continued ) 288 continued : ( 5 ) elliott swear ? reys nod . attendant I be lese blocd pressure . the doctor look at keys . attendant still fall . elliott look at E.T. elliott ( to E.T. ) e.t.? _ E.T. roll he head over and leok at elliott . £. T. 's eye be mere slit now . his mouth be open , and he chest be heaving , sporadically . E.T. Elliott . there be a gasp of amazement , laugh , sob , then silence . elliott a you can stay with I . grus I will be right here . : oe 4 attendant e° blood pressure fail . of , keys what 's wrong with he , Elliott ? elliott he want to go home . E.T. Home . attendant I be lose pulse . doctor # 2 increase oxygen . iv on the boy ? ( continued ) 288 288 289 290 291 292 continued : ( 6 ) 288 doctor # 3 function . doctor # 2 sodium bicarb . pulse ? attendant none on creature . Boy start to regain . . doctor # 2 ' give he a bolus cf lidocain . doctor look at £.7. and elliott . both appear to be unconscious now . doctor leck at keys . os : . ge doctor # 2 oe call in the mother . of 2 int . . ellictt' room = day . . 289 michael enter Elliott 's room . even this recom have be desecrate . a huge air tube have be shove through the skyligni . the dragon sheet be blow in the stream of clean air come in through the hose . michael go to the closet . int . closet day 290 E.T. 's closet . all of he thing be there . there be still a crease where he body once sit . michael sit in that spct . he try he best to retain control , but hot tear spill down he cheek . michael notice the geranium . close : the geranium 291 before we eye , the plant sink on its stem . its branch droop . whatever flower be leave fall off . the plant die . close on michael : _ 292 slow realization . he get to he foot and lift the plant . he scream . michael no ! 293 int . playroom ~- day , 293 mary be just cutside the slastic wall , beside elliott . as on Michael 's scream echoe , we hear elliott scream out . elliot ? E.T. don 't go ! attendant this wave just go into V - tak ! a . get doctor # 2 go vetak or artifac ? how can 43 you tell with no q , R or x ? 30 attendant he just go straight line duc . there be a pause on the doctor 's part . michael break into the room . gertie follow he . elliott be on he knee , pull . on E.T. 's arm . e£.t. be motionless . a doctor cpen E.T. 's eyelid . the eye have roll up , white . attendant prepare cpr , Doctor ? . doctor # 2 soe tt o~ I do not know . , a michael do something ! elliott ' E.T. , please ... doctor # 3 should I zap he ? doctor # 2 Zap he ! doctor apply the electric device to E.T. 's chest . doctor # 2 . tell I ! attendant I do not know ! ( continued ) - 293 ~~ 37 . int .. playroom - day 293 doctor # 2 what do you see ? attendant I do not know , hew can we tell ... straight line ! doctor # 3 Zap he again ? q q ge michael . 3 Zap he ! . they do . still nothing . elliott be sobbing , shaking . mary can not wait any longer . she break into the " '' clean-rcoom . " the doctor try to stop she , but she pull apart the plastic curtain and lunge for elliott . she hold he in she arm . keys be right behind she . he pull off he 'glove and begin pound on £ .t. 's chest with alarming strength . michael be in the '' clean-room " now , still clutching the geranium . michael you have to save he ! doctor # 2 tell I ! attendant ( sobbing ) straight line , damnit . straight , line . keys keep pump E.T. 's chest . there be no response , doctor # 2 I be do a cutdewn . but before the surgeon can cut into E.T. 's throat , anether doctor pull he away .. there be a somber silence , break only by the buzz of machine and the sound of child weep . someone turn the machine off . now all we hear be tear . mary rock elliott in she arm . reys pull off he helmet . . ( continued ) ' 253 254 - 295° 296 continued : ~ 293 . scientist there 's still a oresent danger , we must reinclose the quarantine . no one be listen to he . one doctor pull off he mask and kick the wail . gertie climb up beside mary . mary gently brushes the hair off of she face . gertie be he dead , mama ? mary yes , honey . gertie can we wish for he to come back ? mary I wish . gerti= t I wish . : 5999 eh bor keys bend over E.T. and whisper . keys . * how do we reach you people ? close on E.T. . 294 he be dead . ext . house - day Te 295 long shot : there be a sudden flurry of activity around the house . Men in blue jumpsuit be break apart the air tube and gismantle the tall scaffold . ext . cul -de - sac - day . 296 the d&d boy , tyler , steve and greg , be behind the sawhorse which cordon off the circular end of the street . there be guite a crowd of people behind they , neighber , newsmen , the curious . the. boy be straddle bicycle . steve something 's happen . the boy speak -softly , so as to only be hear by one another . ( continued ) 296 " 297 298 299 40 continued : ~ 236 : greg oooo . they be gonna die . . tyler shut up , greg. gre something be ccfinitely happen now . int . clean -room - day 237 E.T. lie in state , pack in a zin - up bac , cover with dary ice . the ice be steaming , and the steam cloud the plastic wall of the " clean-room . " go ob2 . $ int . playroom - day pot 298 the doctor be consulting ; there be a general air of confusion . elliott stand just outside the clean-rcom , stare at the remain of E.T. int . clean -room = day . . 299 a man carry a lead box , a small coffin , walk past elliott . a second man help the first lift E.T. into the box . : int playroom - day 30 '' keys step behind elliott and put he hand on the boy 's shoulder . keys |. would you like to look at he , once ? vee ellictt look up at keys . elliott I feel like he 's still here . keys . what be E.T. be you now , Elliott . elliott iowant to see he . keys wave he hand and stop the man inside the " clean-room " from zipping up the bag hold e.t . the man leave the room . 302 303 304 305 int . clean room - day keys give elliott a gentle shove , and the boy go into the room . the man exit , keys droos the plastic flap , and elliott be alone in the transparent room . reverse : through the plastic , we see mary . she step next to keys and watch elliottr . back to elliott : elliott step up to the curney and look down at the body of £.t.. elliott gently brushes the dry ice away from £ . T. 's face , and slowly , the familiar face of E.T. be reveal . close on £.t . '' egg 062 Silent and motionless . aot $ back to elliott : a tear from elliott drop onto E.T. 's face . elliott ( slowly , erratically } I think I would get to keep vou forever . and I have a million thing so show you , e.t . you be like a wish come true . but it be not even a wish I know I have . till you come to I . have you go some place else now ? we have begin to notice , as elliott speak to E.T. , that che steam rise from the dry ice have become pinkish , tinted with color . : elliott . I be go to think of you every day , all my life . I be go to believe in you , all my life . . elliott notice it now . he scrape away a little more dry ice , and E.T. 's chest be reveal . the heartelicht be on . it be grow stronger . elliott look toward the door . 301 303 304 308 '' tty y) 1 a ) i yyy my ~~ 306 37 311 reverse : 306 keys 's and mary be talk . back to elliott : 307 elliott look through the plastic wall . blur of man in motion . elliott lock at E.T. 's face . slowly , £.t. open he eye . he see only elliott . elliott burst into tear . he bite he lip to keep from laugh . elliott press he hand over E.T. 's chest to keep the Light from shine through . E.T. look at elliott and mumble . E.T. . E.T. phone home . elliott : ohl okay ! . 9 9 be E.T. 490 g0 come . Home . elliott take off he flannel shirt . he be now stripped to he long - john underwear , reverse : keys and mary 308 they watch elliott remove he shirt . back to elliott : . 309 he lay he shirt across £ . T. 's chest , block out the glow from E.T. 's heart -light . reverse : , voy , 310 mary wince and smile at this lovely , childish gesture . she look over at keys . keys nod . back to elliott : . , / 3121 elliott E.T. stay . E.T. E.T. phone home . elliott . I be take you home , 2.7 . yes. E.T. home . but first , stay . yes ? stay ? please , ( continued ) i ve I \n fm 322 h . cc 333 bo 1 s314 i a ' 335 be t i } 316 ) - continued : ~ 312 . E.T. stay . i ) : ys gn as elliott bo tt love you . elliott cover E.T. 's face with ice . elliott himself zip up the plastic bag . elliott run from the clean-room . int . playroom = day : 312 elliott hold he face in he hand as he run past mary and keys . the adult leave the boy alone in he misery . int . kitchen - day 313 michael be lean against the refrigerator , sad and alone . elliott go to he brother and throw he arm around he . michael return the embrace , and the two be leck in what look like a private moment of griez . but we see that elliott be whisper in michael 's ear . by he posture , the movement of he arm , the tightness of he grasp , we can read from michazl 's bedy that he have just hear that E.T. life . the brother ' embrace turn from grieZ to joy . michael whisper into elliott 's ear . elliott nod . pull back : '' 314 we can see the neglect geranium sit on a table cluttere with surgical tool , face mask , and microscope . the geranium straighten . Fresh green x ave shoot out of its dead stem . bud appear . it ccme back to life . int . live rocm ~ day . 315 elliott stand at the entrance to the air tube lead from the house to the van . his hand be in he pocket . his head be bow . two man pass he carry the lead box contain 5.t. they place the box on the floor and enter the air tube . elliott look down the tube . int . tube - day " 316 the two man open the zipper door which lead to the interior of the rear of the van . 317 be 1 ~ { soy 318 int . live '' room - day 317 elliott look down at he foot again when the I mary enter the live room with keys . the top of the head . mm reenter the house . she kiss elliott on mary you ready ? elliot ? I be go with £.t. keys . you and you family will come with I , Elliott . we be all go to the same place . . elliot ? I be go with E.T. mary you should not . . 80 elliot ? 's where he go , I go , you promise . I be go with he now . keys sigh . keys okay . elliott enter the air tube . the two man in blue jumpsuit lift the box contain E.T. and enter the tube with it . ext . house - day 318 aman in a blue jumpsuit walk around the side of the van ( still attach to the house by the air tube ) and start to open the .door , as he do so , he realize that someone be already sit in the driver 's seat . that someone be michael , dress in a '' blue jumpsuit , a skull cap and face mask . man who be you ? michael . I be drive , michael slam and lock the door . mead — sp ! - 319 int . van '' day . 319 . michael knock three time on the window behind he head . , elliott peek through it . elliott ready . michael ( nervously ) ready . ( pause ) Elliott ? I have never drive forward before . 320 int . live room - day ; 320 ° mary be stand at the bottom of the stair , yell . mary Michael ? gertie come downstairs . gertie go 62 . be they go , mama ? mary be who go ? . gertie the boy . . . . & L ee mary . 4ad® boy ? : go gertie I be suppose to give you this when they be go . mary give it to I now , gertie . gertie hand mary a sheet of binder paper . mary sit down on fad the staircase and read it . mary oh , my God ! mary lock up at the air tube . two man enter it and move towards the van . we hear a horrible , rip neise . 321 o~ ~ be } . be co 322 t i ; - / - ao ~~ os ' 323 be : 323a rev evuw gs sas have aya . ext . house - day 321 the van pull away from the front of the house . as it zigzag down the driveway , it rip the air tube away from the front door . the pneumatic seal be break . sefore we eye the plastic curtain , drape the house , collapse . the van skid to the bottom of the driveway , pull twenty foot of air hose behind it like the flail tail of a dragon . ext . top of the cul - do - sac - day 322 michael lean cn the horn . policeman scurry to move the sawhorse . the crowd part to let the van through . the d&d boy be still in the crowd . the van slow down long enough for the barrier to be remove -- long enough for the d&d boy to ' look into the front seat . michael see they . he pull off he face mask . boy Mike ! miczael shush they . michael get the bike ! meet we at the lookout ! boy but , wait .... 1 michael step on the gas . the van zigzag down the hill , pull its tail behind it . ext . house - day 323 x Men be try to crawl out from under the collapse plastic sheet . unseen in the confusion be the d&d boy . they open the garage door , ext . garage - day 323a while two boy grab michael and elliott 's bicycle , we notice that harvey run out of the garage . 3235 324 tea we = ~ 325 326 revised ~ 8/31/61 ext . house / oriveway =~ day the d&d boy ride they bicycle down the driveway 105 a 3238 as they hold on to the handlebar of michael 's and elliott 's bicycle and lead they down to the street . harvey follow . int . playroom - day mary run through the kitchen , butcher knife and head for the slide qlass door . hang onto she mother 's shirt tail . the plastic . gertiz see the geranium . curtain . int . van - day as the van careen down the street , be man in the air tube . int . AIR tube - day ° two man be drag themselves up the tub as it bounce along the street , move toward the van . 324 pull open a drawer , grab a gertie mary slashes she way through she grab it and follow she mother through the gape hole in the plastic 325 elliott notice that there 326 327 of , = i ) 338 | be ' 329 [ hh i for 330 - , 333 yen ) on int . van - day 106 . 327 elliott begin unlatch the tube . one by one he pull the many handle that clasp the tube to the van . reverse : the man be still come , slowly but surely , closer to the van . back to elliott : he pull on one of the latch . ' the van make a jolting move . elliott fall . he pull himself to he foot . elliott be careful ! int . front seat of van - day michael regains control of the wheel . michael we be gonna die and they be go never go to give I my license . in '. back of van = day elliott work on the latch . the man be move closer . ext . house - day mary jump into she car . gertie climb in the back seat . of : agh I 400 reys come run from the house and jump into the pessenger seat as the car be already move . int . mary car - day gertie stand on the back seat and stick she head between then . keys lcok at mary . keys where be they go ? gertie to the spaceship . reys look at gertie . ( continued ) 328 329 330 331 332 333 f* 333 ’y wt 334 yy 335 ~7 336 < 4 337 o_ rm™ 8 if n | 339 '' yor oe '' oy 340 107 . continued ; 333 gertie we get to see he spaceship . - from the moon . : keys look at mary . gov 498 keys go step on it . ext . cul - do - sac - day 334 government car be try to turn around . mary whizze by they . government car follow mary . int . back of van = day 335 elliott pries the last latch open just as the man be about to reach the van . the tube be free , it fall to the ground . int . tube = Day . 336 the two man grab the side of the tube as it roll to a stop . ext . STREET - pay 337 the van round a corner . dry ice spill from the beck of the van . ext . street - day a string of car , lead . by mary , be chase the van . the van have a good lead . int . van - pay 339 michael whip the van around a corner , cut across a lawn and . steer the vehicle up a hill . michael ( yell ) where 's the lookout ? elliott near the seven-eleven . michael where 's that ? elliott . T do not know street ! Mom always drive I . ext . STREET - day 340 the van come around a bend , head for '' the lookout . " 342 343 344 . 345 346 revised - 8,/31/81 ios . ext . alley - day 341 x there be the d&d boy , stand in formation , straddle they bike . michael 's and elliott 's bicycle be ready to be mount . harvey stand in front of the boy , panting . the van screech to a hait . michael jump out and run to the rear of the van . the déd boy come to meet he . elliott and E.T. stand in the rear of the van . E.T. 's heart - light be really flash now . the d&d boy freeze when they see who be stand next to elliott . elliott smile at the boy . elliott he 's a man from outer space and we be take he to he spaceship . . greg ( dumb found ) can not he just '' beam up '' ? : elliott this be reality , gre¢ . ext . STREET ~ day 342 the official unmark car have pass mary . they zero in on the van . ext . alley - day 343 x the unmark car skid to a stop . the officer leap from they car and draw they gun .. mary pull up right behind they . as she jump from the car , scream , harvey jump into the back seat next to gertie . mary vv no gun ! they be child ! oe ? mary run to the van . gor ? int . rear of van - day : 344 it be empty . reverse , 345 mary clutches she heart . ext . street - day 346 ' michael , steve , tyler and greg be speed along on they bicycle . they flank elliot 's bike . E.T. sit in the front basket . this be bicycle riding that only fearless young boy would attempt . they jump curb , they lean into corner , they conquer every obstacle . 347 348 349 350 351 352 ey ext . street = day 347 suddenly , two government car block the boy ' path . the bike burn rubber as they sereach to a halt . the boy turn and nead in the opposite direction . two more government car pull into view . another route be bleck . elliott make a swift turn and tead the boy through someone 's backyard . ext . alley - day , 348 the yard empty into a alley . the bey again move into formation to suard elliott and he passenger . government car block they exit . the boy turn around , they head back down the alley . ext . STREET - day . 349 the alley empty into a street . the boy spread out . they stand on they bike , pedale as if they life depend on it . two mark car pull out of nowhere and block they path . it appear as if the boy will crash right into the car . but they do not . instead , they rise above the car . E.T. have regain he strength . the five bicycle , still in formation , lift into the air . they fly over the car , over the street , over the house . oxt . thes sky - dusk 35 % each boy have he own separate moment of magic . only elliott be compose . he take the lead , bank he bicycle to the right and scream . elliott gor head for the forest ! aoe the boy follow he , like a flock of bird , '' tyler be this real , be this really real ? greg ( close he eye ) tell I when it 's over ! ext . sky above forest - dusk . . 351 the bicycle skim the treetop . - : ext . fireroad - dusk . 352 mary pull she car to a stop . 4 353 355 356 — as 357 358 359 360 362 ext . forest - dusk 353 mary , keys , gertie ané harvey run through the forest . mary Elliott , doe not go ! ext . tall grass - dusk . 354 the bicycle land in the tail grass . the other boy stop there , but elliott make a incredible jump , up onto the landing Site . . ext . landing site - dusk : . 355 elliott 's bicycle spill its occupant onto the soft dirt . elliott reach out to the communicator . his hand be instantly eaught in a beam of lavender light . ext . tall grass - dusk 356 mary , gertie , keys and harvey have reach the tall . grass . gertie ( carry the geranium ) run through the grass and struggle up the rocky incline . . : ext . landing site = dusk : . 357 E.T. step into the beam of lavender light . he look up and whisper . E.T. yes. ready . get elliott rise and stand behind E.T. aoe angle - the sky %° 358 the spaceship appear . ext . tall grass - dusk 359 the d&d boy , mary , keys and harvey approach the landing Site . _ keys hold himself and the other back . angle - the spaceship . 360 the spaceship descend . - ext . the tall grass ~ dusk 361 the area be illuminate with a brilliant , pastel light . 362 ext . landing site - dusk 362 gertie have reach the top of the rocky incline . behind she , we see michael ulimb up to the landing site . gertie fall as she reach the top and leave the geranium on che greund . E.T. help gertie get to she foot . gertie smile at he . gertie I want to say goodbye . michael have reach the top . he put a arm on gertie 's shoulder . michael he do not know ' goodbye . ' E.T. pat gertie gently . E.T. be good . E.T. look up at michael . michael take he hand . =.t. thank you . : we go E.T. turn to elliott . ao : 9 5.7 % come ? '' elliott look up at the beautiful , hover spaceship . he turn from it to look at he prother and sister , he mother , keys and the boy . . elliott look back at £.t. elliott stay . the two friend stare at one another for a moment . then together , they reach they arm out and embrace . reluctantly , they sull apart . £. T. touch he chest , where the heart - light have become a beautiful ruby glow , illuminate he and ellictt 's face . E.T. ouch . elliott take E.T. 's forefinger , press it to he own chest and repeat . . 363 364 365 revised 2/25/91 continued : 352 elliott ouch , E.T. move he hand to elliott 's head , teuch he £ to the boy 's forehead and speak , with serfect prenun : E.T. I will be right here . the docr of the spaceship open . the gsangplank cescend . £.t. start for the door . he notice the geranium on the greunc . he lift it and walk up the gangplank . ' ext . spaceship - pusx '' gor 363 just inside the doorway be a fellow creature . his heart - slight burn red . £.7. turn and take a last look , then disappear into the ship . the gangplank lift . the door close , -elliott watch , smile . x ext . sky - dusk into niget 364 the spaceship lift into the air , it move quickly into the garken sky . it become smaller and smaller until it be only & speck of white light . the first star of the evening . fade out fade in to the sound of child 's vgice and the staccato beat of 365 tock and roll . int . elliott's room = nigst domince be spread across the floor and tiny , paint pewter figure be in formation , macch through the domino maze . steve okay . you have reach the dungeon . it 's dark and dismal . tyler finally , we get to the dungeon , steve there 's a hallway in front of you . michael we ga down it .