frripayy octooser 10 , 2005 shoot drart lue revision 10/21/08 written by : _ a ryan MURPH be & and ) p rad falch ses blackness . in the void , a sound ... €happing . in syncopationai1 with foot stomping ... a craze crowd gemand a show . suddenly , a slit appear in the sleackness ..- which we now realize be a black velvet curtain . a sweet nervous teenage boy peer out . his Pov ; it 's teres=yaing ..-s huge sold out auditorium , everyone yibrating wich amticapstory frenzy . title up : epcot CENTER , glee clus bationals , 1993 . int . backstage epcot theatre -- dey — oonednuous 1 the nervous then , in 2 tux , joy feeaty a=fe= ax so teens as they stretch , practice scale , ste . one giel i= even lock in @ mirror , " practice 2 hoge shiling haty eace . seddenly , theit teacher lillian adler , sos , appesr= e=me she wing , clap she hand for they attention . mrs . adler show circle , everybody ~ the teens grasp hand in a circle around mes ) siler , which be difficult to do because she 's obese . mrs . adler ( cont " D ) welcome to national . the kid whoop and scream with delighe . mrs , adler ( come ) fantastic . use that = sscitemen > a= the stage today . but I sane you guy to remember something . push in on the young nervous teseergs so '' s= she continue . mrs . adler ( cone " D ) glee club be not aboer competition . it 's about something deeper — realize you potential . utilize you gift . even by its very definition in ) . webster 's book , glee ... is| about open fyourself up to 's joy . ( then , toff they awe ) eyebrow ! up , everybody . announcer 's voice lady and gentleman .|. splease welcome to the ! stage , from lima , Ohio ... the William / mckinley High singsation ! " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 2. int . epcot theatre -- day 2 a mirrore ball descend . horn blare . hip shimmy . clump of student whip around in succession , beam with optimism and enthusiasm , painting rainbow of joy with they arm as they roar through a DISCO medley . '' last dance , '' '' that 's the Way I like it , '' " disco inferno '' -- all the classic be cover . they dance be youthful , the kid be overwhelm with joy . the choir hit its final position as they bleat " you should be Dancing . '' close on we nervous young man near the back , eye open wide , partner in a dip : the world have just open up of he .. smash to black . title up ... " glee " int ... schuester apartment -— dinnertime -- 2008 3 tight on a half - empty bottle of kraft lite ranch dressing . will schuester -- thirty , naturally optimistic -- pour a dollop on he iceberg salad , then smile at he wife terri across the card table they use as a dining room . will how be work today ? terri quarterly report come in this morning -- we sale be up two point three percent -- that 's in the top twenty of all of the sheet not thing in the state . will wow . terri I '' pretty sure move the primaloft comforter out front make the difference -- and we all know whose decision that be . they share a smile . terri flip through a pottery barn catalogue , carefully mark item she 's interested in with color code post -it flag . will you be not go to buy any of that stuff be you ? terri dream be free . " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 3. will I wish you could have see glee Club rehearsal yesterday , terr . the new number be go to take we to national . I be feel it . ( then , sexy ) you know , the District pay for the trip to Orlando , maybe I could convince they to let you tag along as my '' assistant . '' terri wow. epcot . you do not think they would put we up in the Grand Floridian do you ? the polynesian 's nice too . will I think they usually get we room at the Motel six . maybe I could get they to book we at the Floridian if I offer to pay the difference ? terri sure , maybe we could trade in some of you stock option . all I '' go to say be they be hire at hw menken ... will I be not go back to accounting , terri . remember what happen ? the fluorescent light give I ricket . terri all I remember be you paycheck be twice as big . you be a economics major in college , will . will and when I try it I be miserable . I need something more . , .creative . ( notice the Post - its ) why do the lamp get a red one ? terri Red be for accessory , yellow be luxury , green be for necessity , terri pour what 's leave of the dressing on she salad . then , piss -~ " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 4. terri ( cont 'd ) you need to get more when the bottle be half -empty . will or half - full . terri Doctor musky say I have to start relax if we want to conceive . you know what she tell we about the shape of my uterus . I be in charge of two part-time employee . I do not need the add stress of make sure we have enough condiment at home . sometimes I think you care more about that kid than you do about I . will . baby , no . you be right . I will stock up on everything tomorrow . terri do not go too crazy -- we need to dip into the emergency fund , the muffler fall off the car again . she exit with she catalogue , leave he alone at the table . ext . mckinley high — —- the next morning 4 tight on the bust muffler , dragging along the blacktop as it pull into a parking space . quick CUT : will exit the car , brown bag lunch in one hand , briefcase in the other , pass a pack of jock and a student -- kurt hummel . will make some new friend , kurt ? puck , & manchtld answer for he , puck totally , Mr , shue . will point at finn hudson , a handsome jock who look too kind to he hang out with the rest of the motley crew . will you still owe I that report on '' que hace in su verano pasado " , Finn . ( more ) " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 5. will ( cont 'd ) ( off pinn ' 's confiision ) what you do last summer . finn almost half way do with almost all of it , Mr. shue . he smile at they and enter the school , feel good about he connection with the student body . as soon as he 's go , puck scoops up kurt and carry he towards a dumpster . kort please —- this be from the Marc Jacobs grunge collection . finn wait . he pull kurt down , then gently pull off the scared freshman 's stylish jacket , fold it under he arm . finn ( cont 'd ) ok . puck pick up a jacketless kurt , toss he in the dumpster . int . mckinley high —- morning 5 will walk the hall . typical Midwest student body . a few kide greet will with a '' hola . '' he pass the school 's trophy case and stop . we push in on a framed picture of mrs . adler : '' lillian adler , 1937 - 1997 , " and then a quote : '' by its very definition , glee be about open yourself up to Joy . '' next to the photo tribute : a large trophy . push in on the award , the engrave read 1993 show choir championship , orlando florida —- william mckinley high first place . the trophy and all it represent haunt will . int . girl bathroom -- continuous 6 find rachel berry , at the mirror , make herself up . her makeup be way too theatrical , two cheerleader , santana LOPEZ and quinn fabray , check she out , laugh cruelly . quinn fpabray get ready for the tranny prom , Rachel ? santana get a stylist . Rachel take out she can of aqua net and unapologetically spray she hair -- heavily , gassing the girl away . '' Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 6 . as soon as they be go , Rachel take herself in -- she 's so lonely . she push the feeling way down inside , regains she determination and continue spraying . int . will 's classroom —- day 7 the room be decorate with map of mexico . will be run a full classroom of student through the conjugation of the verb '' to be . '' he spy the clock on the wall . rack focus to the clock -— - 2:45 . the bell ring and everyone rush out , will hasta manana . will excitedly loosen he tie , grab a pile of sheet music from he drawer and be out the door before the last student . int . choir room —- day 8 mckinley High 's glee Club sing '' sit down you be rocking the Boat . '' it 's not much of a choir . just five kid , all outcast . one , arty abram , be paralyze from the waist down . arty belt out he solo . the song end , everyone turn to will for guidance . until -- rachel we suck . will it will get there —- we just need to keep rehearse . rachel Mr. schuester -- do you have any idea how ridiculous it be to give the lead solo in '' sit down you be rocking the Boat '' to a kid in a wheelchair ? arty i think Mr. shue be use irony to enhance the performance , rachel there 's nothing ironic about show choir ! she storm out . slow push in on will 's sad face as — will ( v.0 . ) Rachel be right ... we do suck . we might have be the worst glee club in the state . ( more ) 10 '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 7. will ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I mean , really -- it 's a unbelievable story how we end up the way we do . T guess it all start with Mrs. adler 's replacement ... Sandy ryerson . int . auditorium -— — day -— flashback 3 sandy ryerson , 35 , with highlight and a pastel sweater throw over he shoulder , coaches the kid . it 's a mess . for some reason , every member of the choir be hold a stool . will ( v.0 . Sandy love prop . in the span of one year , mckinley become the bottom feeder of the glee world —- we be a " stool choir . " as the rehearsal continue , girl begin disappearing . they 'ze drop out , so be some of the better boy dancer , will ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) year pass . glee be no longer a place where you go with dream of be a star , it be a haven for outcast . finally , everyone have disappear eacept for Rachel , kurt , arty , mercede , tina , who twitches and hank -- the last of the '' in crowd '' still in glee Club . will ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) slowly but surely , anybody who could do a jump jack defect to mckinley High 's nationally rank cheerlead squad , cheerios ! ext . football field -— day —- flashback 10 . highschool bitch goddess quinn fabray form the top of the cheerios ! pyramid . bead of sweat drop down they face , a over - tan , ponytail woman stare at a stopwatch . will ( v.0 . ) led by Sue sylvester , cheerios ! have place third at internationals in pyongy and have twice appear on Fox Sports Net . there be a rumor that Sue have pose for penthouse Magazine and take horse estrogen , but that be only a rumor . the stopwatch read 23 minute . the pyramid tremble . il 2 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 B. sue ( stare they down ) do not disappoint I . do not disappoint I . int . choir room -- day -—- flashback il hank lean on the baby grand hold he stool , nervous , as Sandy , now 45 and still sport highlight despite a bad bald spot , enter , spraying breath spray in he mouth , will ( v.0 . ) glee Club languish , but still , the school do not care -- as long as Sandy come in under budget . he would probably still be teach today if he have be able to control himself . sandy this be a song about want someone , hank . hank i do not know , Mr. ryerson . I mean , this be kind of not cool anymore . sandy be that why you be here ? to be cool ? guess what , bud , star be not cool , they burn -- hot . now sing . Sandy start play the piano and hank break into a rendition of '' where be Love ? '' from '' Oliver ! '' when hank get to the chorus , Sandy softly sing along with he , then take a hand off the key and place it firmly on hank 's . zoom to the close glass doorway , revealing rachel , stare dagger . int . principal figgins 's office -- day -- flashback 12 a crying Sandy , a security guard behind he , sit across from a stern look principal figgins , 40s . figgins my hand be tie , Sandy , we can not afford another lawsuit . sandy but I be not even gay ! as Sandy weep gay tear -— 13 '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 3 , will ( v.0 . ) there be a vacancy , and fate call on I to fill it . int . teacher's lounge -- day --— flashback 13 will go to get coffee , but there 's no pot . he turn to he buddy , ken tanaka , the history teacher / football coach . will where 's the coffee machine ? ken tanaka figgins get rid of it . budget cut . I know for a fact they be still get hot java over at carver . we should strike . Sue sylvester enter with latte . sue hello boy . who need a pick I up ? ken tanaka wow , latte ! emma pillsbury , the school guidance counselor , enter and sit . Emma 's pretty , but she do not think she be . ken tanaka ( cont 'd ) ( flirty ) hey Emma . emma , ( not flirty ) hey , Ken . ( then , try to be cool ) hey , will . what 's with the latte ? sue I feel just awful about principal figgins cut the coffee budget to pay for a nutritionist for rhe cheerios , emma I hear you guy be six hundred dollar over budget on that . suz well , my performer do not get on Fox Sport Net last year because they eat at the sizzler . 14 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 10 . emma since when be cheerleader performer ? Ken and will share a look , this could get ugly . a long beat . sub you resentmént be delicious . she smile seductively at Emma , exit . Ken , wear a latte mustache , check out Sue 's ass as she go . Emma pull a handy wipe out of she purse , start cleaning the table in front of she . will watch as she meticulously scrub she place set , then take she own plastic silverware , plate and cup out of she bag . she notice the stare , smile nervously hope they will not talk about she ocd , then put she lunch on she plate and start eat . ken tanaka I do not see you at the singles mixer last weekend , Emma . emma oh , yeah , I do not go . a pipe explode in my building . it be wild . Fire truck , police . I think it be on the local news . do you see it will ? will sure , maybe . emma I hate that mixer , anyway . just a big meat market . I give one of the firemen my phone number , but he have not call yet . Eye contact . tanaka notice chemistry there . then -- emma ( cont 'd ) hey , do you hear they fire Sandy ryerson ? will really ? who 's go to take over glee Club ? int . principal figgins 's office -- day ~~ flashback 14 will I have like to take over glee Club . 15 16 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 will . fpiggins you want to captain the Titanic , too ? will I think I can make it great again . there 's no joy in this kid . they feel invisible . that 's why every not of they have a myspace page . figgins sixty buck a month . that 's what I need to keep the program up . will and you expect I to pay it ? figgins I be certainly not go to . we be not talk about the cheerios here , will , they be on Fox Sports Net last year . when glee Club start bring that kind of prestige to the school again , you can have all the money you want . until then , sixty a month -- and you have get to use the costume and prop we already have . oh , but we need the stool for wood shop . int . schuester bedroom -- the middle of that night 15 will stare up at the ceiling . terri be next to he , take up the whole bed , he 's just get a sliver of space , will ( v.0 . ) hiding the sixty dollar a month from terri be go to be hard . but I have a bigger problem . how be I go to get this kid motivate ? one thing I know for sure , we need a new name . Sandy 's '' Rhythm explosion '' do not cut it . will pop up in bed , eye wide with excitement -- he have it . int . mckinley high -- hallway -- day — plashback 16 will pin up a sign up sheet to reveal the name print in bold letter -- '' sign up here for '' new direction ! '' quick cut : shyly , arty , kurt , mercede and Tina sign in , then exit , hope no one pick on they . finally Rachel proudly bounce to the sheet , and begin to sign in as we hear —- 17 18 19 20 '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 12 . rachel ‘s voice hi . my name 's Rachel Berry , and I will be sing '' on my own '' from the seminal Broadway classic " Les miz . '' int . auditorium -- day -- flashback 17 will smile from he audition perch . will fantastic . let 's hear it . she begin to sing in the spotlight . the song continue over : int . auditorium -- day —- flaseback 18 Rachel finish write she name . after it , she draw a big , cartoon STAR . rachel ( v.0 . ) you might laugh because every time I sign my name I put a gold star after it . but it 's a metaphor , and metaphor be important . my gold star be a metaphor for I be a star . she turn around , very self - satisfied . puck throw a Big gulp at she head , drench she . int . school hallway -— - day -- flashback 19 Rachel speed walk down the hall , on a mission , rachel ( v.0 . ) and just so we be clear , I want to clear up that hateful rumor that TI be the one who turn Sandy ryerson in because he gaye hank saunder the solo I deserve . that 's horsepucky . int . principal figgins 's office —- day -- flashback 20 Rachel sit across from figgins , cry melodramatically . rachel «..and he be touch hank , caress he ... it be so wrong ! principal figgins , upset grow , hand she a kleenex . a1 22 23 '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 13 , rachel ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) I be not homophobic . in fact , TI have two gay dad . int . mckinley high -- day — — flashback 21 Rachel be at she locker . rachel ( v.0 . ) see , I be bear ont of love . the locker door slam back revealing a family portrait of rachel between she two dad , one black and one jewish . rachel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) my two dad screen potential surrogates base on beauty and iq . then they mix they sperm together and use a turkey baster . to this day , we do not know which one be my real dad , which I think be pretty amazing . the locker door slam shut take we to -- int . dance CLASS —- day -~ plashback 22 panning a row of little girl , try to tap . they be sweet and untalented . rachel ( v.0 . ) my dad spoiled I in the art , I be give dance lesson , vocal lesson . , .. anything to give I a competitive edge . reveal Little Rachel at the end , grin manically and tap dance like a fiend . int . rachel 's room -- day —- flashback 23 Rachel be at she computer . rachel ( v.0 . ) you might think that all the boy at school would totally want to tap this , but my myspace schedule keep I way too busy to date . she type vigorously . 24 25 26 27 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 14 , rachel ( v.o , ) ( cont 'd ) I try to post a myspace video every day , just to keep my talent alive and grow . whip pan to reveal Rachel , still sing '' on my own . '' rachel ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) nowadays , be anonymous be worse than be peor , Fame be the most important thing in we culture now . int . school gym -— — day 24 quinn , santana and the cheerleader be huddle over a laptop with wireless , die laugh at Rachel 's myspace entry . rachel ( V - 0 . ) and if there 's one thing I have learn , it 's that no one be gonna just hand it to you . int , rachel be room —- day —- flashback 25 back to the computer . Rachel , bite she lip , scroll through she feedback , all nasty note from the cheerios . '' why do not you die already ? '' '' you video make I want to kill my entire family . '' '' please get sterilize . '' Rachel be hurt . we stay on she as the last mournful note of '' on my own '' reverberate , int . auditorium -- day -—- flashback 26 Rachel have just finish . rachel thanks so much , I enjoy perform for you . will ( move by she talent ) very nice Rachel . rachel when do we start rehearsals ? int . auditorium —- the next day 27 tight , at ground level , on a pair of hush puppy cover feet . pan up to reveal will , sing '' sit down '' as he patiently demonstrate some choreography to the glee club . 28 '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 15 , shimmy , shuffle step , hop -- he 's good . the kid be another matter . they nre in costume . will pretty simple stuff -- any question ? mercede I be not wear this , will that costume be good luck . the '' 93 team take national wear they . mercede I know -- I can still smell they . whoever wear this dress before I clearly have the stink ass . I want a new costume . will I will take it to the dry cleaner for you . mercede you can take it to the moon , baby — everyone know you can not get stink ass out of polyester . Rachel shake she head , unable to hide she frustration . mercede ( cont ‘d ) you want to be startin’ somethin’ , Britney ? staredown , until Rachel break and storm out . ext . football field -- day 28 the cheerios be run through a routine . they could open the Olympic . they finish , breathe hard , hope for praise . sue that 's sloppy ! you be sloppy baby ! they will . pan up , to find Rachel , sit high up in the stands . she stare down longingly at the cheerios ... the popular one . reveal will climb up . he sit next to she . " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 16 . will you be the best kid in there , Rachel -- but that come with a price . the other kid be look to you for guidance . you have get to be more optimistic . rachel you sound like my dad -- '' power of positive think '' and all of that . I know I be just a sophomore but I ean feel the clock tick away . tf do not want to leave high school with nothing to show for it . will you get great grade , you be 24 fantastic singer ... rachel everybody hate I . will and you think glee Club be go to change that ? rachel be great at something be go to change it . be part of something special ... make you special . right ? will . what if I give you all the solos ? rachel glee club be not about solos -- it 's about duet , it 's a team sport . I need a male lead who can keep up with I vocally . -— will maybe if I tutor arty a little ... rachel look , Mr. shue , I really appreciate what you be try to do , but if you can not get I what I need , I be sorry ... I be not go to make a fool of myself . I can not keep waste my time with glee -- it hurt too much . '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/06 17 . will ponder he next move when a whistle blast . ken tanaka schuester ! figgins want you . 29 int . principal figgins 's office -- day 29 will but we just start rehearsals . figgins my hand be tie , shue , I need the auditorium . alcoholics anonymous want to rent it out for they afternoon meeting . lot of drunk in this town , and they be pay I ten buck a head . will give I two month . if we show at regionals , glee stay , if not the bar 's open in the auditorium . figgins what be it with you and this club , will ? I like to see passion in my teacher , but this be border on obsession . it 's time to let it go , you have only get five kid -- one of they 's a cripple . will then I guess you have get nothing to worry about , figgins Fine , two month -- but you be run detention for free to make it up to I . will deal . off will , have no idea how he 's go to pull this off -— end act one " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 18 . act two 30 int . sheet not thing -— day 30 terri be show howard how to fold a fitted sheet . terri you have get to stick you hand in the corner like this , see ? howard . I can not do it . I be dyslexic . maybe I should just stick to towel and washcloth . terri if you can not fold a fitte sheet you can not work at sheet not thing , Howard . intercom voice associate to return . terri make sure they have a receipt . Howard slink off as will arrive . terri smile . terri ( cont 'd ) to what do I owe this pleasure ? he go to kiss she , she pull away , make sure no one see . terri ( cont 'd ) not at work . will hide he hurt and hold up a deli bag . will we have be fight 50 much I just think I have bring you a peace offer . roast beef on pumpernickel -- you favorite . terri be this mayo ? if my diabete come back I can not get pregnant . what do you want , will ? I know you -- something 's up . will T just want to tell you that I have to start work late for the next couple of month . ( more ) " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 19 . will ( cont 'd ) I be monitoring after-school detention . I make a deal with figgins so he would not kill glee Club . terri I '' on my foot six hour 4 day here , then you want I to come home and cook dinner for myself ? will thing be a little hard at school right now . I guess I just want to come by to talk to you about it . before terri can respond , Howard return . howard this lady want to return this sheet , but something tell I we have get another bedwetter . he hold up the sheet -- there 's a huge stain in the middle . terri we will talk about it over dinner , okay ? will smile , nod as they exit . suddenly , as he go to leave , he hear a familiar voice come from the aisle . male voice ( 0.s. ) and two -hundre be the high thread count you have ? will peek through a display to see Sandy ryerson talk to a stock boy . will try to sneak out , but -- sandy William ? will ( fake it ) Sandy . hey ! sandy well hello . how be thing ? I hear you take over glee Club , will yeah , I hope you be not too upset . Si 32 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/68 20 , sandy be you kid ? get out of that swirl eddy of despair be the best thing that ever happen to I . do not get mé wrong , it be not easy at first . I mean , be dismiss for what I be accuse of ? my long distance girlfriend in Cleveland nearly break up with I . tt 's take I week to get over my nervous breakdown . will do they put you on medication ? sandy better -- medical marijuana . it 's genius . and as long as I tell my Doctor feelgood that I can not sleep , I can get as much as I want . I have find the system to be quite lucrative . will you be a drug dealer ? sandy I make five time more than I do teach . I keep some for myself and take money bath with the rest . will but who do you sell it to ? ext . mckinley high -- under bleacher —- day -— flashback 31 Sandy hand a baggy of weed to ken tanaka , who gladly pay he while look over he shoulder . int . sheet not thing -- present day 32 sandy you want in ? will no -— I mean I try it once in college , but you know , terri and I be try to get pregnant . Sandy try to STUFF a bag of weed in willi 's blazer jacket . will ( cont 'd ) Sandy , nol 33 34 35 36 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 2i. sandy take it -- I do the package myself , and the first sample 's free . you be coach that tone deaf spazoase , you be go to need it . ( flirty ) cail I . will , head down , sneak out of the store . int . sue sylvester '’s office -- day 33 tight on a bottle of pledge spraye on a already glisten trophy . Sue 's polish one of she many prize . there 's a knock , will enter . will hey , Sue . can I have a sec ? Sue 's face contort . will be the enemy . as soon as she spin around , though , a huge smile splay across she face . sue sure , buddy . come on in . ext . breezeway — day 34 Emma ) umdve quickly down the breezeway , step straight into a wad of gooey chewing gum . she start to panic , sit down on a bench , look at the gum , can not touch it . will show up . will hey , Emma , can I have a sec ? ( then ) what be that , gum ? ext . track -— day 35 Ken jog around the track . will jog up next to he . ken hey , dude . you get cholesterol problem too ? my doctor say start run or give up hometown Buffet . will I actually need you help with something . int . sue sylvester' office --— day 36 theyre sit now . Sue fight to suppress evil laughter . " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 22 . sue you want to talk to my cheerios about join glee Club ? will I need more kid , performer —- and all of the best one be in the cheerios . I figure that some of they might want to double up . sue ok , so what you be do right now be call '' blur the line . '' High school be a caste system . kid fall into certain slot -- the jock and the popular kid up in the penthouse , the invisible and the one who play World of warcraft on the bottom floor , will where do the glee kid lie ? sue sub-basement . 37 ext . breezeway -- day 37 Emma 's on a bench , she foot up in will 's face as he scrape the gum off the bottom of she shoe with a credit card . emma Sue 's not wrong -- but I do not think anything be set in stone . kid do what they think be cool , which be not always who they be . you just need to find a way to get they out of they box . will how do I do that ? emma they follow the leader . get a couple of the popular kid to sign up and the rest will fall in line . 34 ext . track —- day 38 will dust let I talk to they . 32 40 41 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 23 . ken I do not know , dude . I can not imagine any of my guy want to join glee Club . last month they hold down one of they teammate and shave off he eyebrow because they find out he watch grey 's anatomy . will all i '' ask for be a introduction . ken Fine -— but you have get to put in a good word for I with Emma . ext . breezeway —- day 39 will finish clean Emma 's shoe . will there you go , cinderella . emma thanks , will . I have trouble with stuff like that . messy thing . they share a smile . he know . a beat , then -- emma ( cont 'd ) it 's nice , how much you care about glee , about that kid . int . sue sylvester 's office -— day 40 sue tf you really care about they , you will leave well enough alone , Children like to know where they stand . let you glee kid have they little club , but do not pretend that any of they be something they be not , off will , realize Sue 's a obstacle he will always have to go around , we CUT to : int , locker room -- the next day 41 the football team be change . Ken blows he whistle , '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 24 . ken tanaka Circle up . Mr. schuester be go to talk to you . you do not listen , you do lap , you mouth off , you do lap . will take center stage . he 's endearingly nervous , will hey , guy . I think I know most of you from Spanish class , but I want to talk to you about something else -- music . who be some of you favorite musician ? pucK lil 's Wayne , qocK # 1 usher . will great . all of that guy start somewhere , right ? I be here to offer you guy a chance to be like you heroes , get up on stage . angle on Finn ... silently rivete ... inspire even . but he be too afraid of peer pressure to show it . will ( cont ‘d ) glee Club need guy . the guy look at each other -~- be this dude serious ? then -- puck I can sing . will really ? that 's fantastic . puck wanna hear ? he get up and stand next to will . he close he eye as if about to sing , then part . the crowd go wild . puck flext he biceps . Ken glare at he and mouth " lap . " will . I be go to hang a sign - up sheet by the door to the locker room for anybody that 's interested . 42 43 '' Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 25 . the guy grumble . Ken slow he whistle again . ken tanaka dismiss . they disperse . will look into Ken 's eye . will you be sleep okay ? you eye look bloodshot . Ken shrug . as soon as will 's go though , a paranoid Ken pull out a tiny bottle of visine and drop some in he eye . int . locker room -- two day later 42 will , fill with hope , walk up to the New direction ! sign - up sheet . people have sign up ! the sheet read : '' gaylord Weiner . '' '' butt lunch . '' '' Dick Taco . '' a few line down , just '' penis , '' will deflate . push in on he despair as -— will ( v.0 . ) I honestly think that be the end of the very brief fever - dream that be New direction ! he hear something ... a echoing voice from the locker room sing req speedwagon 's '' can not fight this feeling . '' will follow it . int . locker room —- continuous 43 someone be alone in the shower . will stand listen , hide in the shadow . voice ( 0.5 . ) '' and even as I wander / I be keep you in sight ... " it 's finn hudson . will be wildly impressed . will ( v.0 . ) I suddenly realize why I have want to do this thing in the first place , ... it be see a gift in 2 kid that they do not even know they have , it be pure talent . will 's eye widen . something occur to he . will ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) what I do then be the blackest moment of my life . ( more ) '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 26 . will ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be worse than when I run over terri 's yippy dog on prom night . and like then , what happen next be messy and no accident . 44 int . will empty spanish CLASS -- day 44 will coolly slide Sandy 's bag of marijuana across the desk , will wanna tell I how long you have have a drug problem ? reveal Finn , across from he . really about to lose it . will ( cont 'd ) look , if it be up to I , we would not have mandatory bi-weekly afternoon locker check ... finn but I have never see that before , Mr. shue ! T swear ! it be not mine ! I all pee in a cup ! a beat . will be momentarily stymy by this , then — ~ will it would not make any difference , possession be eight - tenth of the law . I be pretty sure this much pot be a felony . you will get kick ont of school , lose you football scholarship ... finn wait , I be gonna get a scholarship ? to where ? no idea . a beat . struggle , get back on track -- will you could land in prison , son . finn oh my God . what be my mom gonna say ?!? please do not tell my mom ... 45 46 ay '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 27 , will I see a lot of myself in you , I know what it 's like to struggle to make good life choice , and I do not want to see you throw away everything you have to offer the world . I just expect more cut of you , Finn . finn look up , destroy . finn ( v.0 . ) that really get to I , when Mr. schuester say that . because every day of my life , I expect more out of myself . see , I might look confident and everything ? but I really struggle with the same thing other kid do ... peer pressure , bacne ... ext . finn' house -- afternoon -—- flashback 45 a rundown split-level with a brown , patchy lawn . ten-year- old pinn and he mom , carole , bring in grocery from a Honda . finn ( v.0 . ) I never know my dad . he die in Iraq when we be fight Osama bin Laden the first time . int . finn' house -- afternoon —- flashback 46 quick cut : young Finn put away the grocery , upset as he mother battle a bill collector on they rotary wall — phone . finn ( v.0 . ) my mom and I , we be real close . but be a single parent can be hard . the only good time for Mom be when we splurge a littie bit and order emerald dream . hear the doorbell ring as -- int . pinn' rouse —- day -- flashback 47 -- the door open on a guy with a mullet and gas-station flower . finn ( v.0 . ) Darren be good to she , and he be cool about let I hang out . ay 49 50 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 28 . ext . finn 's rouse —- day -— flashback 48 carole ' 's in a lawnchair , watch as Darren teach young Finn how to apply emerald dream . as the green paint spray across the lawn , Darren sing along to journey 's '' lovin 's ' touchin " squeezin '' which blare from a boombox . finn ( v.0 . ) that be the first time I really hear music . Young Finn sing along . darren you gotta voice , buddy . seriously . t£ I have you voice , my band would still be together . stick with it . ext . pinn 's house —- day -- flashback 49 Young Finn play football with himself on the now beautiful , green front lawn , throw the ball across the yard and run to try to catch it , as carole sit despondent on the stoop , stare into the distance . finn ( v.0 . ) my mom take it real hard when Darren leave she for that girl he meet at Sam 's Club . the emerald dream truck pass , blast journey , a cute blonde girl inside . carole grab , the , ball away , run after the truck and whip the football at , it . it thump against the back of the truck , which keep drive . she remain stand in the road , cry , destroy . push into Young Finn 's reaction . finn ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be at that moment I decide to do whatever it take to make my mom proud of I ... make she feel all she sacrifice be worth it . int . will 's classroom -- day 50 we be back at the weed accusation . angle : tear roll down Finn 's cheek . will feel awful . 51 '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 29 . will look . we have two option . I be run detention now , so you can do six week after school ... but that will be on you permanent record . finn what 's the other option , Mr. shue ? int . auditorium —- day 51 move down a line of snapping finger . the Club be line up on stage , snap , tapping they foot and sing the '' ba - dum , ba-da-da - da -dum " from the top of '' summer lovin ' . '' Rachel stand nearby , confident , head bop to the beat . finn summer lovin ' , happen so fast . rachel summer lovin’ , have I a blast . finn met a girl , crazy for I , Rachel toss down she sheet music and sashays towards Finn , rachel met a boy , cute as can be . they be look at each other , she 's in love , he 's take aback by she enthusiasm . the chorus kick in and the whole gang perform a couple of verse . push in on will .. , rivete . be i i after a lyric or two , the group stop , look to will for direction , before he can speak -- mercede hold up , I be not down with this background sing nonsense . I be beyonce , I be not no Kelly rowland , will it 's just one song , mercede . kurt and it be the first time we have ever be good . the rest of the crew agree . even mercede have to agree . 52 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 30 . mercede ok , you be good white boy , I nil give you that . Rachel smile up at he , totally smitten . Finn do not know what to make of any of this , he be completely bewilder . will do not care about any of the drama . he just see , for the first time , a glimmer of hope , int . terri's craft room -- night 52 half-fished craft project everywhere : raggedy straw wreath , a wan-look gingerbread house , the pilgrim first Thanksgiving in macaroni . will and terri silently pot together a american gothic jigsaw puzzle . will you usually do not let I in you craft room . terri be not this fun ? and challenging ! every Wednesday we will have pugzle night . I know how important it be for you to have a creative outlet . terri smile sweetly , make the effort . a long beat . will the kid have be work so hard . I be think about take they on a field trip next Saturday . carmel High 's perform a showcase ' down in akron . carmel 's go to be the team to beat at regionals . I think you might want to come chaperone it with I . terri Saturday ? I can not , will . we be live paycheck to paycheck . I have to pick up a extra shift at work . will how much of that paycheck go to you pottery barn credit card ? trerrt ( after a beat ) I do not know what your talk about . he get up , walk towards the closet . '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 31 . terri ( cont 'd ) do not go in the Christmas closet . will I be look for my jacket yesterday ... he open it up , it be fill to the brim with pottery barn . strangely , door . will ( cont 'd ) we can not afford this stuff , terri . terri but we could , will . I be a shoo - in to be promote during the Christmas rush at sheet ‘'n thing , I reek of management potential . and they be still hire at h.w. menken , it 's not too late ... will my passion be teach , terri , for the last time I do not want to be a accountant . terri Dr. phil say people can change . ( welling up ) I be not wrong for want a real life , will . it 's hard not have the thing you need . will we need three mahogany toilet brush holder ? terri they're balinese ! it 's not a bad thing to want more for yourself . you say you need a outlet . Weil this be mine . pottery barn be my glee Club . he feel for she . she leave , then terri ( cont 'd ) I understand you interest in that kid , sweetie , I really do , it 's about you , try to recapture you glory day . but I be not the hot cheerleader anymore and you be not the golden boy . ( more ) turn at the 53 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 32. terri ( cont 'd ) High school be over , okay ? for both of we . it 's time to move on . she exit . off will , we CUT to : int . teacher's lounge -- bulletin board -- day 53 will pin up a chaperone sign up sheet . Emma secretly watch he from a table occupy by two other teachers . as soon as he 's go , she head for the sheet , check it out . then , make sure no one be look , she use she napkin to clean the pen hang from the sign and volunteer she service . she look at she name on the sheet and smile , excited for the opportunity to spend time with will as we ... end act two 54 55 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 33. act three ext . practice field -- day 54 puck slam into a practice dummy , hard . he look across the field where he see coach tanaka gesture wildly at Finn . pinn slump back onto the field as puck catch up to he . puck what 's go on ? finn oh . um , I just have to miss practice Saturday . ( bad lie ) it 's my mom . I gotta , like , help she cook , do.. , . thing . puck why ? finn um , she just , like , have surgery . puck what kind of surgery ? finn she , um , have to have she prostate out . puck nod empathetically . int . teacher's lounge -- day 55 will be flipping through " jazzhand ! " , the glee Club supply catalog . it 's suddenly smacked out of he hand . ken tanaka you steal my quarterback ! will pinn 's get . a great voice , Ken . he want to express himself . he will not have to miss game or anything ... ken tanaka you be screwing up my life !!! will Ken , you hate football , what 's this really about ? " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08. 34 . 56 ext . school parking lot -- afternoon -- flashback 56 Emma be clean she door handle with purell sanitizer before she touch it . Ken suddenly sidle up . ken tanaka hey , eminem . soooo ... I get I some ticket to monster truck this weekend . ( sexy ) loge ticket . emma no thanks , not my thing . ken tanaka truckzilla ys . truckasaurus . and get this , .. the truck breathe fire . Emma pause , want to be kind . then with a deep breath — emma . Ken , you know how every time you ask I out T tell you I be on my period ? ken tanaka which do not bother I . emma or I say I be suffer from cluster headache ? or how I be allergic to nighttime ? none of that thing be true . I be just not interested in dating you . ken tanaka what do I have to da ... to get you fine behind in my scion ? emma Fine Ken , make I say it -- I like somebody else , okay ? there 's nothing I can do about it , he 's not even available , it 's just something I have to deal with . Ken suddenly realize who they be talk about . hurt , he turn to go , then come back , lick he hand and smear it on she car door handle . off Emma 's horror -— 57 58 '' Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 int . teacher's lounge ~~ day ken tanaka you be right , I be over-react . the herd wiil take care of it . will the herd ? ken tanaka the student body . the second someone try to rise above , be different , the herd pull he back down . and hey , thanks for put in a good word for I with Emma , dude . guess you just want she for yourself . he exit . off will , confuse -- do he ? ext . parking lot -- morning 35 . 57 asb arty be lifted into the bus with a hydraulic elevator as the kid inside watch , disinterested . int . carmel high lobby -- day 58 pack to the rafter and bubbling with excitement . snake to a long line at the concession stand . reveal Rachel and Finn , stand together , uncomfortable . finally , Rachel speak up . rachel you be very talented . finn thanks - rachel I would know — I be very talented , too . I think the rest of the team expect we to become a item -- you the hot male lead , I the stun ingenue who everyone root for . finn oh , well , I have a girlfriend . rachel ( clenching she jaw ) really ? who ? finn quinn pabray - 59 60 * pileb '' Blue revision 10/21/08 36 , rachel cheerleader quinn pabray ? the president of the '' celibacy Club ? " int . quinn' live room -— night -- flashback 59 Finn be making out with quinn on the couch . he try to get up she shirt , but she stop he , pull away , then get down on she knee . he 's excited for a beat , but then — — quinn let 's pray , Finn . int . lobby —- day -— present 60 finn yeah , for like three month . she 's cool . rachel like a icecube . pull back revealing Emma and will in line . will see someone walk away with @ frankfurter . will that hotdog look like they have be there a while . emma you want to go halvsies on a pbj ? will that sound : perfect . she reach into she purse , put on a pair of rubber glove then pull a sandwich oyt of a carefully wrapped sheet of tin foil before handing half to will . as they walk away , he grin then take 4 bite . will ( cont 'd ) I have not have one of this in a long time -- my wife be allergic to nut . emma that 's sweet of you —- not eat something because she can not . how long have you guy be marry ? '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 will five year last March -- but we have be together since highschool . she be my first girlfriend , actually . emma wow . Love at first sight . will for I it be . you know when I really know she be the one ? I fail my trig final senior year and she literally cover my car with that little smiley face sticker . there must have be ten thousand of they . ( then , wistful ) I drive that geo until every one of they fall off . 37 . Emma smile , somewhat disappointed -- how could she possibly compete with this superwoman . will ( cont 'd ) she use to be fill with so much joy . like this ray of sunshine . emma . and now ? will you do not want to hear about my marital problen . emma ( too eager ) no , I do . it mean , people tend to like to talk to I ... I be a guidance counselor . will okay , here 's the thing . terri ride I -- hard -- and I have always appreciate it . I figure she just want I to be better . lately though I keep ask myself , better at what ? make money ? be upwardly mobile ? I love she , but we have ... grow apart . we have just get to get back on the same page ... the house light flash on and off . showtime . 61 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 38. int . carmel high auditorium —- akron —- day 61 State of the art and packed . pan down to reveai ail the mckinley High glee clubber , read program , a little nervous . will pick up on this , lean in to address the row . will okay , now I have hear this guy ere pretty good , but I honestly do not think they have get the talent we have get . but let 's be a good audience , guy , give ‘em some of thet ol 's mckinley High respect . Emma smile shyly , will be a great teacher . suddenly , the light go down and the audience erupt with anticipation . light start whizzing around as a announcer bellow : announcer lady and gentleman ... welcome to the carmel High fall invitational showcase . we have like to remind you that video-recording and flash photography be prohibit . the curtain rise and the carmel High glee Club be reveal with they back to the audience , they be wear stunningly beautiful couture dress and black tux . the mckinley High glee clubber share a worried look -- by costume comparison , they look like homeless people . announcer ( cont 'd ) and now ... let 's give a warm Buckeye State welcome to last year 's regional champion ... vocal adrenaline ! and the show begin . vocal adrenaline begin to roar through '' rehab , '' the guick - pace Amy winehouse number . vocal adrenaline '' they try to make I go to rehab , I say '' no , no , no ... " they look like they have be do this for year . all this kid could be on Broadway . Rachel 's eye be saucer . this be the most amazing thing she 's ever see . the group split in two , and the guy come down to the center . three mirrore panel turn around from the back of the stage , revealing three horn player , who blast the trumpet part as the rest of the band pull away , a6l '' Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 39 , the crowd be now lose it . some kid in the audience be stand , vocal adrenaline have groupy , they be try to scream above the tidal wave of pitch - perfect sound . now the whole choir be move , formation after stun formation , the kid be hay the time of they life , possess by the disease know as '' show face . '' Finn can not believe what he 's look at . kurt be near tear . mercede shake she head back and forth in horror . the big finish now . suddenly , two male adrenaline member start execute olympic-worthy backflip across the stage . vocal adrenaline hit they final position . sweaty , panting , look of complete ecstasy on they face , they know they be special . a moment of silence , then the audience leap to its foot in a deafen ovation . only the New direction remain in they seat . will look ashen , Emma look sick to she stomach . push in on Tina , who through she stutter finally say something . tina we be d-d-d-d-d-doomed . hear a steel drum version of " do not worry be happy . '' ext . school , -— - day ( later ) ag1 the song continue as a deject Finn head across campus toward he car . suddenly , we realize the source of the music as Finn pass tre steel drum club , practice the song in the courtyerd . pinn walk on , turn a corner and stop . there be puck with he . football posse , aim paintball gun at he . Finn turn around , but there be jock behind he now too with gun . he 's encircle . puck chick do not have prostate . I look it up . bll the boy cock they gun . puck ( cont 'd ) you break the rule , Finn . I do not know what they be exactly , but by hang out with that glee reject , you break a big one . and for that , you must be punish . * ** + % * ee % ee of * eeee ee '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 9a . suddenly , Finn be belt by paintball , on he chest on he back . high angle , down : it 's like sonny corleone in '' the godfather . " 62 int . schuester apartment —- late afternoon -- later 62 a wary will enter to find a congratulation banner drape in the entry way . terri skip out of the kitchen , two plastic flute of what appear to be champagne in she hand . terri there 's my baby ! will wow , honey , this be amazing . but ... what 's the congratulation for ? the kid have not win anything yet . terri ( with quiet emotion ) I be pregnant , will . will need a moment -- really ? he 's overwhelmed . will . oh my God , ter , this be it -- we be go to become ... a family . terri nod sweetly , tear of joy in she eye , he reach for she with emotion , she fall into he arm , 63 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 40 . cu on she face ... hope this be enough to get they over the hump of they rocky marriage , hope they can make it . cU on he face .. shis joy have give way to reality . it 's time to grow up . there 's someone come that 's more important than he dream now . int . choir rehearsal room —- day 63 the kid be absolutely shocked . then —- arty you nre leave we ? when ? reveal will , address they . will I *ve give my two week notice . I promise I ' 1ll find a replacement before I go . mercede . ts this ' cause that carmel kid be so good ? because we can work harder . rachel this be not fair , Mr. schvester - — - we can not do this without you . finn do this mean I do not have to be in this club anymore ? will be s0 move , this be harder than he think it would be . will this be not about you guy . be a adult be about have to make difficult choice . it 's not like high school , sometimes you have to give up the thing that you love . one day you guy be go to grow up and understand that . ( then , with emotion ) I have love be you teacher . this do not matter to they -- all they understand be that they be lose the one person at this school who believe in they —- and will know it . he exit as we — — C ' hre : 64 65 66 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 al . act four int . auditorium -- afternoon 64 Dark and desert . will be on stage , pack up some sheet music from a lectern into . he batter briefcase . he go to leave , stop in the middle of the stage , look out at the empty seat . this be the last time he all be here . 360 revolve around he . he smile softly , remember he youth , he dream . he start to exit . suddenly , as he do -- thoomp . a single hot spotlight turn on , aim at the place he be just stand . it 's eerie , strange . will stare at the spotlight , a place that once give he such strength . slowly , he move toward it with purpose . he pick up he guitar and begin to play Peter , Paul and Mary 's '' leave on a jet plane '' . stand in the spotlight he start to sing . he look out at the house , magnetic , move . will " all my bag be pack , I be ready to go . I be stand here outside you door . I hate to wake you up to say goodbye . but the dawn be breakin ' , it 's early morn . the taxi 's wait , he 's blow he horn . already I be so lonesome I could cry .. " intercut with : ext . school common -- day 65 push in on a wide view of Emma , back to we , sit at a table . we come around , reveal she 's look at last year 's mckinley High yearbook . a picture of will , smile dreamily at she . she take a sharpie , draw a heart around it . int . auditorium -- day 66 the song continue . will belt it out , confidence grow . will '' so kiss I and smile for I . tell I that you will wait for I . hold I like you will never let I go . I be leavin on a jet plane . I do not know when I will be back again . oh , babe , I hate to go . " 67 68 69 70 71 72 " bilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 42. int . detention -— day 67 slow soar over the table , fill with the odd student do time . find will at he station , fill out a application . reveal it 's for a position at h.w. menken . as he sadly write down he information -— int . teacher's lounge -- day 68 a group of teachers gossip . the camera glide by they -- barb , a home - ec teacher I hear he 's have a baby , that 's why he give figgins he notice . -~ to find Emma , overhear this . shatter in many way . int . auditorium -- day 69 will continue to sing , pound he boot in beat with the rhythm as — — int . hallway -- day ; 70 -— Emma race down the empty corridor ora mission as — — int . auditorium -- day 71 will finish the number . it be the performance of he life ... that no one hear . the curtain behind he be close , the music be all in he mind . as the montage end ... int . auditorium -- day 72 click . will close he bic pen . ais application be finish . female voice need help grade that papers ? he look up to reveal Emma stand there , a bit breathless . will it 's a application to h.w. menken . they be hire . ( self conscious ) c'mon ... accounting be sexy . a moment , then with direct eye contact —- will ( cont 'd ) I will miss you . " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 43. emma before you leave , can you do I a fayor ? I make a appointment for you tomorrow , in the career center . you need some guidance . will I be have a kid , Emma . I need better benefit , more money for thing I never have . emma just come , will . for I ? he hesitates , nod , she exit . as he watch she go —- 73 int . hallway -— day -- later 73 Finn retrieve a textbook from he locker . he slam it shut , and Rachel be right there , startling he . rackel do not see you at glee Club today . pinn be that still happen ? rachel I nve take over . I be interim director , but I expect the position will become permanent . quinn walk by with santana . brightly — quinn hi , Finn . hi rupaul . what be you do talk to she ? rachel Science project . we be lab partner . Finn be so relieved to be help out . quinn be suspicious . quinn Christ crusader , tonight at five . my house . she exit . a beat , then -—- finn I should go . I can not do glee anymore , it conflict with — 74 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 44 , rachel you reputation ? you have really get something , Finn , and you be throw it away . it take year of discipline and hard work to get people to look at I . and all you have to do be roll out of bed and people can not take they eye off you . I would kill for that . pinn I be gonna be late ... rachel you can not worry about what people think of you , Finn . you be better than all of they . she gently squeeze he hand , then walk away . off Finn —- ext . football field -— - day -- later 74 Finn and puck , in practice pad , walk off the field . tanaka 's prediction prove to be correct -- Finn have rejoin the herd . puck what do you want I to do , apologize ? that 's not I , dude . look , if I join the flag team , you would beat the crap out of I . I just do not understand why you do it . pinn schuester tell I he would give I enough extra credit to pass Spanish if I join the club -- I have no choice . if I fail another class I would be off the team . but I quit , okay ? it 's over . puck cool . and as a welcome back to the world of the normal , it get you a present . they arrive at a large , blue port-a-potty surround by the jock gang who throw kurt into the dumpster . finn what 's that noise ? " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 45 . 75 int . port-a-epotty -— continuous 75 arty slam he wheelchair into the door , try to escape . 76 ext . port-a-potty -— continuous 76 puck we get that wheelchair kid inside , we be gonna flip it . pinn be not that kind of dangerous ? puck he 's already in a wheelchair . come on , we save you the first roll . bveryone look at Finn , wait , laugh , expect he to follow through . Finn hesitate as arty continue he banging . be he go to do it ? then , after a few long beat , Finn go to the port - a- potty and open the door . arty wheel out . arty thank you , thank you so much . oh my God , the smell . , . puck what the hell . T can not believe you be help out this loser . pinn do not you get it ? we be all loser . everyone in this school , hell everyone in this town . no one have any money , most of we parent be divorced or hate each other . only half the kid who graduate ever go to college and maybe two leave the state to do it . we football team be one and seven and the only win we have be against that school for the deaf . Finn 's passion just roar out of he . finn ( cont 'd ) I be not afraid of be call a loser because I can accept that that 's what I be , I be afraid of turn my back on something that actually make I happy for the first time in my sorry life . 77 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 4b. a beat , then a confident Finn start to wheel arty away . puck what ... so you be quit to join homo explosion ? wit eon no . bm do both . you can not win without I . and neither can they . as they go , arty lick he finger , touch he ass and make a sizzling SOUND . Finn be not smile , though : he hear something . he look to the other end of the field and see he mom 's ex darren stand beside he emerald dream truck , hose down the field . there 's a new hottie in the cab and journey 's '' do not stop believin ' '' be blasting from a boom BOX . Finn take the sound in , remember how much the music of that time touch he soul . then , as if strike by a lightning bolt of inspiration , he wheel arty away . int . auditorium -- continugus 77 the club be rehearse a dance move . there 's a argument . rachel I know what I be talk about . I win my first dance competition when I be three month old . Finn slam arty through the deor , which fly open . kurt this be a close rehearsal . finn look , I owe you guy a apology . TI should not have quit . mercede whatever . I be about to quit . take myself to ponderosa . finn por too many year , I have be a total douchebag . I do not want to be the guy who just drive around throw egg at people . rachel that be you ? " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 47 . kurt you and you friend throw pee balloon at I . finn I know . kurt you nail all my lawn furniture to my roof . finn I be not there for that , but I be really sorry . look , that be not who I be and I be tired of it . this be what I want to be do . with you guy . I use to think that this be like the lamest thing on earth . and maybe it be , but ... there 's a reason why we be all here . it 's because we all want to be good at something . hey nre take aback . then : finn ( cont 'd ) arty , you play guitar , right ? think you could recruit the jazz band ? arty sure . finn mercede , we need new costume . and they have to be cool . can you do that ? mercede damn , do not you see what I get on ? finn great . Rachel , you be gonna choreograph . she smile despite herself , thrilled to use she talent . finn ( cont 'd ) Tina , what be you good at ? tina w-w-w>-w=w-w ss '' finn we will figure out something for you . 78 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 48. mercede what be you bringin’ to the table , Justin timberlake ? finn I have get the music . off the kid , they interest pique , we hear : emma's voice I want to show you something . int . emma‘s guidance . office -- the next day 78 will sit wait 4s Emma grab a videocassette from she desk , put it in the vcr . emma I do a little research . this be a ' tape they have in the library of the 93 team at national in epcot . the grainy image begin to play on the screen . after a few second she pause the tape , just as the camera catch a close up of a joyful young boy , he mouth open in mid-so ( we should remember this feature face from the open ) , emma ( cont 'd ) do you know who that be ? will just stare with quiet emotion -- this be hard for he . emma ( cont ’d ) it 's you , will -- happier than I have ever see you . will ( softly ) that be the great moment of my life . emma why ? will I love what I be do . I know before we be half - way through with that number that we be go to win . be a part of that , in that moment ... I know who I be in the world . the only time I have feel that way since then be when terri tell I I be go to be a father . ( more ) 79 " Pilot " Blue revision 10/21/08 4g . will ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I need to provide for my family . emma . provide what ? the understanding that nothing be more important than money ? or the idea that the only life worth live be one that you be passionate about ? that hit will right where he life . push in on he face as the first note of a glee Club version of '' do not stop believin 's '' begin to play ... int . hallway -- day 79 will walk down the hallway , pass the auditorium . he hear sing . he pause , then sneak in the door . New direction be on stage in new costume , cute cut - up top over tear jeans and Chuck Taylors . Finn and Rachel sing a capella in front of the choir , who hum a simple harmony . finn " just a SMALL town girl / live in a lonely world .../ she take the midnight train go anywhere ... " rachel " just a CITY boy / born and raised in south detroit .../ he take the midnight train go anywhere ... " it 's journey . and it 's incredibly emotional ... because the kid be really feeling it . arty wail a sick guitar lick , and the jazz band surge in . the choir start to dance behind they . they look and sound really different ... what they lack in expertise they make up for in sweet youthful enthusiasm . everyone start the sing : everyone '' working hard to get my fill / everybody want a thrill .../ playing anything to roll the dice just one more time ... '' push in on will , unseen in the back of the theatre , overwhelm by what he 's see . for a moment he can not move , he slowly move to the kid as — — the New direction have find they groove as they continue practice " do not stop believin’ . '' the jazz band sink they tooth into the chorus , and the choir sing in a pierce seven - part harmony . even Tina have find a place here -- she 's @ human beat BOX . '' Pilot '' Blue revision 10/21/08 50 . as they move through they position , they share look across the stage , laugh and smile between they , breathless ; sweat ... they be on fire . everyone ( cont 'd ) '' don't stop believe ... hold on to that fe-e-5-eding ... stre-e-et life ... pe-e-ople ... " Finn and Rachel share a look that hint of something to come . everyone ( cont 'd ) '' don't stop believe ... hold on to that fe-e-eling ! don't stop !!! " they hit they final position , hold it , panting through ecstatic smile . suddenly , the sound of someone clapping . the kid see will , stand there , smile at they . a moment . then after a beat of careful deliberation -- will good , guy . it 's a 9 , we need a 10 , pinn , I think if we work on it , you could hit a high EB . Rachel , easy on the jazzhand and let 's try the get that bang out of you face . mercede , sometimes when you sing , it look like you be in pain , mercede ' cuz it hurt to be this good . reveal Sue stand in the back of the auditorium ; she 's in one doorway , puck be in another . they expression hint future - powerplay to come . they exit . finn ( to will ) so ... do this mean you be stay ? will ( with emotion ) it would kill I to watch you win national without I . huge smile . then , overwhelm with pride and potential : will ( cont ’d ) from the top . nd ptl