eagle eye written by John Glenn &amp ; Travis wright March 28 , 2007 fade in : ext . desert dune - dawn close on a wooden stick - figure toy , hold by a six year old boy . another boy grab the toy away and run off , laugh -- child be play under a cluster of date palm , part of a small desert commune somewhere in the Middle East . they mother , veile in black , gather and talk . bearded , turbane men carry AK - 47 's argue politics . a domestic , even tranquil scene of life in another part of the world ... ext . desert road - continuous a caravan of vehicle race down a highway :. suv 's mount with surface - to- air rpg 's form a protective cordon around a black mercede . as the car roar into lens , we go.to : ext . ridge above road - dawn Pov though a long -range scope : the caravan as see by a two - man special ops team perch on a ridge . as the leader surveil the car , he partner finish assemble a two - foot uav ( unman aerial vehicle ) , rigging it with explosive : special force leader we have visual onthetarget . confirm ' go ' for uav launch . int . pentagon - joint operation CENTER - night super : " joint operation CENTER , the pentagon " sat-feed monitor the caravan . military brass observe : secretary of defense geoff callister ( 50' , African american ; eye with soul and a wary intelligence ) . beside he : colonel thompson ( full - Bird , decorate ) . colonel thompson Alpha one , you be confirm ' go ' : active uav at gps papa , zulu , three , zero . ext . ridge above road - dawn the ops team activate a remote transmitter , launching the uav into the sky like a small rocket -- amazingly , its silent . int . pentagon - joint operation CENTER - continuous a airborne feed from the uav show it descend on the caravan . a pentagon techie manipulate a joy stick , control the drine from 6500 mile away : pentagon techie # 1 we have system control . 3/28/07 2 continued : colonel thompson activate laser mic . ext . skie over desert - continuous drone Pov : tracking the caravan , singling out the mercede . the drine emit a thin laser beam that hit its rear windshield -- int . the pentagon - joint operation CENTER - day over speaker , voice speak " balochi . " a translator listen : callister be it he ? translator four male , one of they 's speak with a.. I think it 's a rakhshani â€¢dialect , consistent with we intel on al=khoei . colonel thompson gimme voiceprint analysis . the screen pop to a audio waveform of the conversation . voiceprint analysis finish , the ; screen show a file photo of a beard man : " 37 % probable match = id al-khoei . " callister I be not take 37 % to - the President ... John , weigh in here ? he look to a plasma : the president's cabinet be assemble via teleconference from the White House situation room : director of national intelligence CIA and nctc concur this be the target base on reliable Intel from the brit . whip to another monitor : the caravan start to veer off-road . techie sire they be pull off the highway . techie # 2 we have abort recommendation . the analysis array read : " recoindation : abort mission . " the source of this recommendation , for now , remain a mystery . colonel thompson if it 's he , this guy come out of hide once in a lifetime , we can not let he go . callister ( beat , tear ) alright , stay with he ... 3/28/07 3 continued : the satellite view show the caravan approach the commune . ext . desert commune - day mother grab up they child and pull they aside as the vehicle arrive . armed men emerge ... intercutting - the pentagon ops room : the computer pinpoint dot on the satellite feed that represent weaponry on-site -- techie we have get AK - 47' , rpc 's , chaparral guide missile -- colonel thompson look like a training camp . the desert : bodyguard cluster around a turbaned : man as he emerge from the mercede . it look a lot like the man from the file photo , but the beard make it hard to confirm . mid - AIR with the uav : it swoops , target the man -- SNAP : the pentagon : a blurry snapshot of he face appear . a digital wire -frame be overlaid on the man 's face : " 5i$ probable match - insufficient data . recommendation : abort mission . " techie 51 % . ' abort ' rec hold . the desert : now we guy disappear into the crowd as they begin moving toward a large wooden plank on the desert floor . some of the man take hold of the plank , drag it back to reveal ... a pit . the pentagon : same image in real - time on the feed : callister what be that , a weapon cache ? analyst Sir , the placement of stone around the pit , marker for the five pillar of Islam ... I think it 's a funeral . everyone trade look -- this just get even more complicated . the desert : from the back of a tented truck , a body be lift , shroud in white . the man carry it through blow sand ... the procession stop at the pit . they begin lowering the body ... the pentagon : on monitor , a section of the geneva convention scroll : techie Sir , strike a funeral would put we in violation of the geneva convention . 3/28/07 4. continued : colonel thompson once this guy 's go , he 's go . the pentagon general council pipe in -- pentagon general council " hor de combat " -- legally we would be open to international prosecution . but we have no independent intel verify it 's in fact a funeral , and the presence of weapon certainly leave room for interpretation . techie # 2 I have potus call from Air Force one . callister ( a beat , look around ) . everyone agree this be the best course of action ? no one dissent . callister pick up : callister ( cont 'd ) Mr. President , we have.a.51 % identity match on majid Al - khoei . there be some possibility he 's at a funeral , but we do not know . regardless , counsel think we can claim ' override legal Authority . ' also , you should be aware we have a abort recommendation , but you cabinet , the speaker , the Joint Chiefs urge a ' go . ' the president ( v.0 . ) you leave yourself out of the lineup . callister pause . as the message on the monitor start blinking : " abort , abort , abort ... " callister yessir ... we gauge we strategy by two standard : the high probability of success with the least amount of collateral damage . at 51 % probability , we do not have either one . general thompson and if it be Al - khoei and he walk , Sir , we be put we people at risk . there 's a long silence as the President consider . 3/28/07 5 . continued : ( 2 ) the president ( v.0 . ) I respect you caution , geoff , but we will not get another chance like this ... you have a green light . callister 's obviously oppose , but he bite he tongue : callister understood . ( hang up ) we be weapon free . and with deadly calm , techy execute order into-headsets : techie techie 2 -- switch to tac -2 , -- mts active , painting the acquisition 's good -- target -- ext . desert - funeral - dawn the woman begin to sing the " nasheen , " a.funeral song praise Allah . the beautiful voice grow until all other sound be gone . drone Pov : the feed from the camera inside the nose - cone as it launch its missile -- it zoom toward the funeral gather -- the haunt , beautiful voice wail ... in the moment before impact , we see : bird fly across the great plain ... a herd of run gazelle ... the desert wind blanket a layer of sand over the shroud body in the pit ... a child hand grasp he mother 's ... a white flash as the missile hit : hold in white : credit SE uence : word close up ... a digitize electronic scan , as if they be be analyze by someone : " we the people of the United States ... more perfect union ... " highlight of the constitution , the. declaration of Independence ... we land on : " ... whenever any form of government become destructive ... it be the right of the people to alter it or to abolish it ... " close in on this last word : " abolish it . " whitewash : int . back room - night we be look at a digital timer tick down crucial second -- then a man 's face , intense , focus on something below screen : this be jerry shaw , 30 , handsome , roguish . somewhere between a adult and a child -- under he breath : jerry damnit ... 3/28/07 6. continued : voice ( o.s. ) you gotta make a choice . you gotta move -- jerry -- I know . voice ( o.s. ) now . who be you gonna be ? so Jerry make he move , which we see be slamming down a playing card represent a group of dwarve . he sit across from kwame , 17 . they be play a geeky role - play card and dice game , cash on the table . jerry kwame there . dwarve ? : bullshit -- bullshit ? I just block you ass and attack with ( check card ) ancient mastery point . --. dwarve do not have that -- -- read the oracle text , my friend . -- shit a thick - mascara / black lipstick becky enter , remove she smock : becky you know what would be great ? if you guy take a longer break . that would be awesome . jerry hey , Becky ? whe n're you go to start wear makeup ? kwame laugh as Becky toss she smock at Jerry : becky . the collator 's break . jerry dude : no its not . becky ( put on a jacket ) oh yeah it be , dude ! she head out as Jerry collect the cash . kwame put on he own smock as Jerry offer he a quick lesson : jerry you first mistake ? underestimate dwarve . power can come from anywhere -- tomorrow night I will give you first roll and a bonus pack if y-- 3/28/07 7. continued : ( 2 ) kwame I be not gonna be here tomorrow , remember ? I be go to Cornell . and Jerry stop . a hit to the solar plexus . wherever we be , this kid 's off to a bright future . but not Jerry . jerry that -- wow . good for you . so it 's you last night . you be gonna spend it collate . kwame -- what ? but she say the collator 's break . jerry and that 's why we have that rubber thimble in the drawer --. congratulation on Cornell , though , that 's huge ! track with he out to ... a counter area as , he pin on he nametag : " jerry . " row of copy machine and computer cubicle . he take he place behind a register . smile , get it up : jerry ( cont 'd ) welcome to kinko 's , how can I help you ? the chugclick - chugclick -chugclick sound of the machine get louder and louder as they become the SOUND of : int . " EL " subway car - morning the krak -krak -kracking subway . we glimpse people look at they blackberrys . talk on cell phone . listen to ipod and play game boy . the news play on a lcd mount on the train wall . a society lose in a " electronic elsewhere . " and jerry , with a sketch pad in he lap . a surprisingly good pencil rendering of the face of a large dog -- weird , but he 's get talent . the tv disturb he concentration -- news footage of bombed - out embassies , emergency vehicle , wounded victim : shepard smith a heighten terror alert due to a series of suicide bombing , believe to be in retaliation for a deadly attack outside abadan that kill forty people . though the White House have deny involvement , Shia leader have denounce the U.S. as responsible ... al - jazeera footage : a shia spokesman be translate into english : 3/28/07 8. continued : spokesman you embassy be only the beginning ! we warrior be already within you border . until american leadership be remove from power , Allah 's revenge be upon you ! and during all this , Jerry notice something : people be glance at each other aranoid . what a fuck world ... ext . ATM machine - morning a ATM card get sly into the slot . Jerry look up . the ATM camera be staring right at he . then , a beep get he attention : " insufficient fund . " he process this a moment ... he exhale do not just say , " fuck , " it say " fuck 1 know it . " int . jerry's apartment build - lobby .-morning say it 's a modest place would be kind . Jerry open he mailbox . just bill , some of which will : go unpaid this month . a beat as he shove they back in and we hard CUT to : int . jerry's apartment build - hallway - morning a door open : mrs . wierzbowski , Jerry 's elderly Polish landlady . please to see he , but painfully annoyed to know what 's come : mrs . wierzbowski Jerry . jerry whatever be you cooking right now ? be the great thing I have ever smell in my life , I swear to God -- mrs . wierzbowski be schab wieprzowy po polsku -- you have the rent , yes ? jerry ( put cash in she hand ) -- here 's some of it -- most of it -- but I have get something else for you ... something special ... eyebrow bob . Mrs. wierzbowsky know exactly what it be . sigh . know she can not resist he -- int . kitchen - mrs . wierzbowski be apartment - moment later close on Jerry push a thumb tac into the dog sketch we see he do on the subway . pull back to reveal about 25 other sketches on the wall . all of the same dog . the actual dog , Johann , lie underneath the kitchen table . 9 . 3/28/07 continued : jerry so I think . no , I be pretty sure that 's the best one so far --- mrs . wierzbowski yes . be good -- rent be better . she put a bowl of stew into Jerry 's hand . mrs . wierzbowski ( cont 'd ) you be hungry , I be guess . jerry oh , no , no . I could not -- ( look down at bowl ) unless , you know , you insist . he sit at the table , start eat . this be they routine . mrs . wierzbowski so where be girl ? I do not see she ? jerry oh , the redhead ? no. she ... that 's over . she get smart . mrs . wierzbowski like the other . jerry well , womenare ipretty smart . I have discover . mrs . wierzbowski you be like Johann . Jerry stop eat , mouth full . as Johann look up . jerry you -- I be like you dog ? mrs . wierzbowski look at he . be big dog . labrador . but he believe ... he be terrier . so be labrador ... but no labrador . somehow Jerry can not get he eye off Johann . quietly : jerry why do you think that be ? as she pour a drink into a plastic cup -- mrs . wierzbowski perhaps many thing . when I rescue Johann from pound , they say he be abuse . ( mc ) rf ) 3/28/07 10 . continued : ( 2 ) mrs . wierzbowski ( cont 'd ) as puppy . they kick he when baby , make he feel not big . ( hand Jerry the cup ) you need someone for rescue you . Jerry look at she , sad-smile . take a sip and holy shit : jerry this be -- vodka -- Jesus , its eight - thirty in the morning -- mrs . wierzbowski -- you can not eat bigo without vodka . adjusting to it , Jerry drink again -- as he cell phone ring . he look at he phone , freezing . Mrs. wierzbowski notice . mrs . wierzbowski ( cont 'd ) be the girl ? answer . tell she you '. be labrador . then ask if she give you money for rent . but we have pushed in on Jerry , who stare at the name on the phone . something 's affect he deeply . he say , quietly : jerry its my mother . mrs . wierzbowski be problem ? jerry ( even , quieter , get up ) be problem . int . jerry's apartment build - hallway - moment later Jerry step outside as the phone keep ringing , debate : what to do . finally , he answer , as if ready for punishment : jerry hey , mom ... Jerry stand there in silhouette . listening . something be happen ... . suddenly he lose he balance -- sink to the floor , phone to he ear -- stare in pain -- ext . church - day mourner be gather in they somber best , shaking hand . across the street , we find Jerry , get out of a taxi . stand in a rumple suit . grim ; the last thing he want to do be enter that church . it 's almost as if he can not . finally , from somewhere , strength . he walk forward . 3/28/07 11 . int . church - continuous Jerry head down the aisle , painfully self - conscious . most of the mourner be in the pews , turn to look at he as he pass . when suddenly there 's a scream of terror -- and Jerry brace as if he be expect it -- look over at a woman point like he be a fuck bodysnatcher and she collapse -- Jerry hold up he hand as everyone turn to look at he -- jerry -- no ! I -- I be not he ! all eye on he . his voice , sad , heartbroken : jerry ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ! I be not Paul ! lock eye with he mother and father up in the front pew . they eye red from cry , withere shell . and Jerry give a lame wave before head reluctantly up to the coffin . devastate , he lean in -- and we move around to see the body : and it 's fuck he -- Jerry 's very own face , but one that seem to have be reconstructed after some kind of accident . gruesome and handsome all at once . this be paul shaw . Jerry 's identical twin . off the surreal moment ... a reverbed trumpet plays , the tune familiar . in fact , it 's : int . apartment - day the national anthem , booming from a trumpet play by a 8 year - old boy : kyle holloman . a woman blur into frame : rachel holloman , search for car key . 28 , smart , beautiful , but fiercely independent , she 's a single mom who 's take life 's knock . never as cool - head as she want to be , she 's on a short fuse with everyone but Kyle , whom she adore : rachel okayokay ... okay : we come home , put down the leftover , you turn on the tv , I go over , I say no tv -- she turn to the tv area and walk straight into a table . stun she , momentarily , but she do not break stride -- kyle -- we be gonna be late , huh ? rachel -- absolutely not -- I turn it off , come over here , check message , put the leftover in the -- 3/28/07 12. continued : kyle rachel -- knock over the phone -- -- right , knock over the phone , put it back , put the food in the fridge -- she open the fridge : her keys sit atop a tupperware container . Kyle hit a high note and we slam to : int . rachel be car - morning the key turn in the ignition of a crappy , old Honda . the engine choke , sputter . Rachel 's tense -- rachel we need to get a new car -- kyle I like you car . we be gonna be late . the engine still split - sput-sputter .::.. a bus . whizze by , slow up ahead at a bus stop . Rachel give up , jump out : rachel no we be not : the bus . kyle -- be you kid ? ext . CITY STREET - day Rachel and Kyle haul ass toward the bus stop , both struggle with Kyle 's carry - on , a.garment bag , she purse , and a trumpet case mark with sticker ( Green Bay packer among they ) -- rachel I put vitamin in you toiletry bag , do not forget to take two in the morning -- kyle and one at night , I know -- rachel and you inhaler , which I may need to use now , be in the outside pocket -- wait ! they rush back to a mailbox , she pull bill from she purse : kyle more bill ? rachel yup -- that 's what happen when you have a kid on lay-away . they smile at each other . when suddenly a bus roar past the wind gust and the bill go flying into traffic : 3/28/07 13 continued : rachel ( cont 'd ) oh , shit ! stay here ! Rachel wave she arm at oncoming car , run into traffic -- kyle you swore !! as she chase the bill , screeching and honking around she : rachel I know , i'm sorry ! ( porsche honk as it pass ) hey , a little common courtesy , asshole ! and she run back to Kyle , throws the bill in the mailbox -- kyle you swore again . be that we bus ? Rachel look : pan to across the street , the bus be now leaving the bus stop . pan back to Rachel : shit !! rachel : okay , now be gonna.be late . she put finger in she mouth and whistle hard for a cab -- int . train station - wisconsin - day a CLASS of music student board and amtrak train . Rachel and Kyle be running through the crowd toward they -- rachel scuze we , come through , sorry -- wait !! wait !! finally they arrive . Kyle 's teacher , mrs . miller , smile : mrs . miller under the wire -- rachel ( gulp breath ) hi -- sorry -- Rachel holloman , we meet -- mrs . miller -- of course , Barbara Miller . ( look at watch ) you should probably -- and Rachel 's stomach drop . know they have be racing towards this moment all morning but still not willing to accept it . turn Kyle to face she -- 3/28/07 14 . continued : rachel okay . now . I want you to have a awesome time -- kyle I will , mom -- rachel -- you can eat junk food , just remember to brush you tooth ; and if you be gonna goof off , just be really smart about it ; and try not to stay up past you bedtime , you get really cranky when you do that ' -- ( turn to Mrs. Miller ) he get very contrarian if he do not get at least eight -- mrs . miller I be afraid it 's time to board , Mrs. holloman . tear spring to Rachel 's eye . she try to hide they . bend down to be eye to eye with she son . sotto -- rachel you see all this kid ? they be all call they mother . you just do it more -- kyle it 's only two day , : mom . y'know ... you could try and some have fun too , would not kill ya .. rachel fun ? what 's that ? ( hugging he ) I love you so much , baby . you be my everything . rock the house . kyle -- love you too -- they separate -- she watch as Kyle board with Mrs. Miller : rachel call I ! mrs . miller you mom gonna be okay ? kyle it 's unclear . as they head into the train , Rachel steel herself and goe . pass the baggage area ... 3/28/07 15 . continued : ( 2 ) we hold as the porter place Kyle 's trumpet case on a conveyor belt . oddly , it 's electronically redirected away from the other instrument -- down a separate belt , where it emerge in a pick - up turnstile . its lift off the track by ... a middle eastern man . nervous . really nervous . and the strangest thing -- he touch he ear and murmur something in tajiki . to no one . like a crazy person . what the hell ? walk to the curb where he white van idle . on the side be a decal : " hassad dry cleaners . " load the trumpet inside as we : int . shaw home - afternoon solemn quiet . mourner talk in hushed tone . a buffet . Old people . Children . and over this shot , whispered voice : woman # 1 ( v.o. ) you do not know either ? woman # 2 ( v.0 . ) no idea . woman # 3 ( v.0 . ) I know he have a brother . but not a twin , that be ... woman .# 1 ( v.0 . ) I know , I know ... four women sit together . heartbroken , unsettle . one glance across into a sit room , where Jerry sit alone on a sofa . we be close on Jerry now . holding a glass , etched with heart . look at it as if it mean something . somehow , he childhood . he look up at the stair , as if know he need to go up there . so he do . we move with he : woman # 1 ( ccnt 'd ) when be the last time they see he ? woman # 2 Margaret say year ... int . shaw house - paul and jerry's room - day trophies . ribbons . all of they award to paul shaw . tight on Jerry 's face as he scan the shelf of evidence . evidence that he have a brother . a superior brother . again and again we see : paul shaw . paul shaw . paul . paul . then Jerry find one frame certificate . in the back . a junior High art prize . award to jerry shaw . he smile at the fuck absurdity of it as a figure appear behind he ... 3/28/07 16 . continued : it 's william . they father . the worst day of this man 's life . Jerry compose himself quickly . they stare for a moment . william six month without a boo or a bah . jerry do not realize it would be that long . william you mom be worried . so where be you this time ? jerry nowhere . ( then , a touch reticent ) Singapore . Alaska for a few week . get a job for a while . on a... fishing boat . met some great p- william -- that 's nice . look like you be really see the world . jerry I be try , you know , just to -- but William have just start cry .. sob of absolute loss . Jerry stand there , freeze , until William embrace he . Jerry hug he back -- tightly , grateful and start to feel again . and just then , William say , quietly , through tear : william you sound just like he . Jerry 's eye find a point in space . this be love by proxy . and now he hug , he father in support , not unity . William pull back . take he wallet from he pocket : william ( cont 'd ) I want to give you some , uh ... jerry no. -- dad , I be okay . I be do really well . I promise . his father hold out some bill . North of two -hundre dollar . it 's a stand -off . the question be : do Jerry have enough pride to reject the offer ? and the answer be ... ext . chicago STREET - ATM machine - day close on the pin number again , get punched in . then find jerry , exhaust from the funeral , slip the money he father give he into a deposit envelope . a glance at the security camera . then a beep make he look at the screen . 3/28/07 17 continued : and we punch in tighter on jerry , who stare , stunned . the screen read : " balance : $ 750,000.00 " what the hell ? glance back to the people behind he , they want he to hurry . he hit " cancel . " but the machine , as if disobey , spit out five $ 100 bill -- jerry -- whoa -- Jerry stab cancel again . now ten more $ 100 bill - come out . he glance at the people in line , nervous - - jerry ( cont 'd ) -- two second , sorry -- eye flick back to the ATM camera . he cover it with he hand , push " cancel " again and again . but now .. ten thousand dollar in $ 100 bill have come out , get jammed ' in the slot . people start to peer over as Jerry scramble to keep the cash from fly everywhere . and finally . the machine stop . he stuff all the money in he pocket . everyone 's stare . jerry ( cont 'd ) Big date . so ... finger cross . int . jerry's apartment build .- hallway - night Jerry enter , a little daze -- head for he apartment as Mrs. wierzbowski step from . hers , Johann hide behind she : mrs . wierzbowski Jerry ! all day they make delivery ! Jerry move fast to she , a little out of breath -- shove a thousand dollar into she hand : jerry here 's the rest of the rent -- next month 's , too -- mrs . wierzbowski -- where do you get this ? jerry just take it -- it 's okay , I owe you -- mrs . wierzbowski I have to open you apartment , too many package come , they come for hour -- jerry for I ? 3/28/07 18. int . jerry's apartment - night Jerry whip open he apartment door -- as far as he can : it 's block by something . he reach in , flip on the light : box everywhere . reeling , he pick one up , rip it open . pack peanut fly : a pair of night-vision binocular . what be happening ? go through more box in a flurry of cut : false passport ; a police scanner ; body armor ; hand gun ; large bag of fertilizer ; strange chemicals ; 747 manual . Jerry look around , fear and confusion grow . his cell ring . , . startles he -- all the lcd say be : " answer now . " jerry -- hello ? a woman' voice . we can not place why ... but it 's really creepy . woman' voice look out you window . they be come for you . jerry ( totally throw ) -- what ? who be this ? woman' voice Jerry . you have to run . jerry who the hell be this ?! rip back the curtain to see a swat van screeching up -- a flack - jackete team pour out , assault rifle ready . Jerry go pale . woman' voice leave you residence . get to the mathis train station . you have 4 minute . jerry Jesus Christ -- what 's happen ?! woman' voice run , or you will be capture and convict -- go now . click . pounding boot against pavement outside . Jerry whirl , go out to the hall , hear they come . start to run . but a tactical team storm the hall . assault rifle aimed at he : team leader jerry hand behind you head ! down what' go on ? hey ! be now ! down on the floor or we this about the --the ATM ?! I will FIRE ! didn't do anything ! Jerry 's slammed to the ground as we CUT to -- 3/28/07 19 . int . dhs field office - interrogation room - night Jerry sit cuffed to a table . frightened , confuse , on the defensive . the door open and agent thomas morgan enter : 40s , bear to the job , never smile . take a seat , open a " file : jerry look , man , I do not know what this be -- I do not know how all that shit get in my apartment , but unless you be my lawyer -- morgan my condolence . I understand you have have a tough day . jerry it have not be ideal . morgan you brother work for the State Department . this be almost a question . and while it 's obviously news to we , Jerry clearly know ... jerry you tell I . morgan be you close ? jerry why ? what be I do here . I do not even know who you be . Morgan toss he black leather badge wallet onto the metal table . it land open with a substantial clung ! morgan Tom Morgan , special agent attach to the National counterterrorism Center . jerry ( stare , rock ) counterterrorism Center ? you think I be -- morgan -- accord to phone record , you brother call you twelve time in the last year . you never call he back . jerry if you be ask if we be the kind of freaky twin you see at the mall wear the same shirt , no . listen , Paul travel a lot , so we do not -- 3/28/07 20 . continued : morgan oh . that 's right . he stamp visa in Karachi for a year . then be a junior fso in Beirut . interesting place . jerry what be you ... say . morgan I be just say you do not talk much . maybe you do . jerry be I get a lawyer here ? ' Cause do not hear my rights read to I -- morgan you familiar with the slogan , " declare War on War ? " jerry what ? no , why ? Morgan pull out a surveillance photo : Jerry , college -age , at a student rally hold up a sign with a image of the Pentagon cross out in red : " declare war on war ! " morgan because you paint it when you be part of the student activist group " Project Underground " at berkley . jerry ( stare - at pic ; laugh ) wait . come on -- okay : she name be Julia , she be the smokinist girl I would ever see and she want I -- I would have go to a " anti- oxygen " rally for she . I swear to God , dude -- morgan do not " dude " I . I be not you friend . I do not have friend ... so : Jerry . why would you drop out of school ? jerry why would you stay in ? I do not know , I do not really see the point . morgan you have not be able to hold a job jerry unless I have be fire from kinko 's , which be a statistical impossibility , I be hold a job right now . 21 . 3/28/07 continued : ( 2 ) morgan construction work , bartender in Singapore , telemarkete , real estate office , messenger , supermarket sign painter , taxi driver , gas station in Florida , fishing boat in Alaska - - jerry -- what can I say ? guess I have not find myself yet -- morgan who deposit the seven-fifty ? jerry for as second I think God , maybe . the ATM be obviously break -- or do .. accident not happen in you . universe ? morgan jerry the money originate from the -- this be all -- listen , this hsbc bank of Singapore -- be all very interesting -- but open with a transfer from a this have nothing to do with corporation call ' the Star I ! do you understand ? of orion , ' a dummy front for Hezbollah . this morning majid -- alright , this be insane , I Al - khoei say the agent .of want a lawyer -- destruction be already inside we border -- -- we find hardware in you -- I tell you , it all just apartment , latest military show up there ' . you be not spec , airplane manual , plus listen to I ! twelve hundred pound . of -- sit ( try to stand up ) you ass down now -- ammonium ( abruptly sit ) nitrate fertilizer . just curious if you know any of Paul 's friend in Beirut , or if he know any of you friend -- what do you mean in Singapore , oh but that 's " friend " ?! right , we have not really establish whether or not you two be close -- ( lose it ) -- I guess we be rett close when I look into he open casket this morning and see the bad make - up job cover the gash in he skull ! or how about when I watch he be lower into the ground -- that establish anything for you ?! somebody set I up ! Morgan stare at he , unmove . 3/28/07 22. continued : ( 3 ) morgan " somebody . " who ? jerry a woman , I do not know ! she call I and tell I I be gonna be arrest . get real , man ! do I look like a terrorist to you ?!?! morgan no more than Abdul Hamid , Taliban pow we catch in Afghanistan . except he real name be johnny Walker Lindh . grew up in Marin County with a basketball hoop in he driveway and a carton of tropicana in he fridge . he be blonder than you .. though . ( rise ) when I come back , you would better tell I who you work for -- and head out the door , slam ! Jerry yell ; jerry I work for kinko be !!. int . dhs observation room - hallway continuous Morgan meet supervisor martin kreb , a senior D.H.S. big wig . stand with latesha . simm , 32 but look 16 , African - american , computer wonk with no room fora personal life ; and toby grant , 20' , straight part in he hair , wet behind the ear . they have all be observe through a two - way mirror . latesha refer to a laptop , one she clutches like a safety blanket : latesha he fit the profile : disaffected , 'susceptible to radical indoctrination , problem with authority . do not vote or pay tax , but witness statement all say he 's not a player . he do sketches of he landlady 's dog . oh , and he 's lie about the woman who call he -- we check the record , no call come in before we pick he up -- kreb what about the brother ? latesha mid-level fso . be stateside the past three year . no red flag . he be kill when a truck run a light in Crystal City . 23 . 3/28/07 continued : morgan that kind of equipment and a major cash infusion five hour after a terrorist threat and be smile and say " coincidence ? " kreb so either he 's a rank - and - file sleeper or a dumbshit mule . grant ( eager to contribute ) or a misdirect . there 's nothing subtle about he or the gear . he 's not exactly a pro -- Morgan level a look at grant as kreb take .a beat . figure out the next move : kreb get Smith on financial ; rieger on travel ; and let 's dryclean family and friend . again . ( to Morgan , veile threat ) I do not want the FBI rush in on this . break he . fast . and leave Morgan to twist .. the pressure 's on . to latesha : morgan v m m put you on the brother . latesha great , I will access State 's database morgan no , I want you to go there . latesha but , Tom , I can do everything from morgan' voice you know that funny thing underneath that not-so-stylish pantsuit ? they be call lea . latesha look at he , not happy . latesha yes . Sir . morgan you know I hate it when you call I that -- he turn to go , grant immediately follow he -- 3/28/47 24 continued : ( 2 ) agent grant what can I do ? morgan follow I and do not talk . int . gammage &amp ; burnham law office - wisconsin - night Rachel 's do paperwork at she desk . people leave . for the night . a attorney name michael approach ; warm , good - look , by all standard , a catch . she do not look up . michael he 's out of town . rachel yup . michael which seem like a perfect ; opportunity for a second date . in theory . rachel in theory -- but I gotta site - check this brief , courier 's come in , . , the morning . michael do not we have a good time ? remember that ? we first date ? back in the 40' ? he 's so agreeably genuine , she want to let he down easy : rachel I have a great . time , I tell you that but I be so busy and ... michael ooo.o , shit , the " so busy " speech -- stop -- not worthy of you . or I . I be patient , so ... call I . when you be not busy . rachel Kyle go to college in nine year -- it should be somewhere around then . michael I would so wait a decade for you . call I he sophomore year , I will prove it . and with a smile he head off . she watch he go -- dammit ! really like he in this moment . she watch longer than she should ... then go back to she work . he get in the elevator and she 's leave in she solitude . and now we begin to see the first sign of it : loneliness . 3/28/07 25 continued : the consequence of not really let anyone into she life . she stare off as bling ! a IM box pop up on she screen : " rachel holloman . answer the phone . " and just like that the phone ring . Rachel jump . stare at the IM . then at the phone . answer it : rachel -- hello ? it 's the same chill female voice : woman' voice click on the link at the bottom of the page . Rachel 's eye drop down to the link at the bottom of she screen . what ? leans out from she cubicle to look around -- no one else at there desk . rachel who be this ? as she click on the link . and a streaming image appear : a black and white surveillance cam ofkyle on he train , laughing with other kide . Rachel 's breath be take away -- rachel ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? who be you --? woman' voice would you risk you life for you son ? Rachel jump to she foot , : try to breathe through the panic . look around . no one - rachel this be not funny ! who be you ?! woman' voice ican derail he train . I can kill he at any time . I will ask again : would you risk` . you life for you son ? suddenly the browser goe blank : " unable to access page . " Kyle 's take from she , that fast -- she gasp , terrify . rachel yes ... woman' voice follow my instruction precisely . there 's a vehicle park at the northeast exit of you building . the key be in the ignition . start walk . now. click . off Rachel 's stunne , terrify face -- 3/28/07 26 . int . dhs field office - night a fax spit out a page with the Department of justice logo , from the attorney general' office . subject : " shaw , jerry . " int . dhs field office - holding cell - moment later Jerry sit in he cell , lose -- look up as a agent enter : agent time for you phone call . jerry I think there be no phone call . agent Attorney General 's office change they mind . int . dhs file office - secure phone room - night Jerry 's lead into a hold room with a phone on the wall . the agent exit , electronic door lock behind he . Jerry think , decide who to call . swallow he ; _pride , start to dial he father . it ring . but the ringing suddenly , eerily lower in pitch in a digital glitch -- a odd . connection click . jerry hello ? dad --? woman' voice I tell you to . run . you do not . tight on jerry now , terrify , breathless -- jerry .no wave -- who be you ?! behind Jerry ; the steel door unlocks -- he whirl to the open door -- wait for a Guard -- someone , anyone ... but no one come .::: what the hell be this ?! woman' voice follow the water . or the fire will kill you . jerry what fire ?! how would you get on this phone ?! be you the one do all this to I ? why ?! woman' voice follow the water . leave the building -- -- and Jerry spin back . look up at a wall vent near the ceiling -- smoke . Ho -shit ! a smoke alarm blare -- 3/28/07 27 . continued : woman' voice ( cont 'd ) -- take brisbane Street to the elevate train station : you have six minute . click . jerry wait , what d' you mean " follow the water " ? suddenly : tshhhhh ! Jerry turn -- in the hallway , a ceiling sprinkler sprays . the FIRE grow , raging from the vent -- jerry ( cont 'd ) shit !!! int . dhs field office - hallway - night people scramble -- Morgan run to the interrogation room , see through the glass that Jerry 's go . to a pass agent : morgan where 's Shaw ? agent parker take he to make he phone call . morgan take he ?! on whose authority ?! int . dhs field office -. hallway - night smoke and FIRE and a blaring alarm as Jerry follows the sprinklers -- amazingly ' each sprinkler activate as he approach , create a safe path through the flame . finally he get to a dead end -- a window -- the FIRE raging behind he , heat increase , as Jerry grab a nearby chair and -- morgan ( v.0 . ) jerry shaw !! turn through the wild FIRE , Morgan , at the other end of the corridor -- gun drawn : morgan ( cont 'd ) freeze , right there ! jerry listen to I ! i'm not try to escape ! the fire erupt between they , obscure each other 's view . no choice , Jerry turn , hurl the chair at the window , it shatter : 3/28/07 28. ext . dhs field office - FIRE escape - night Jerry prepare himself , then jump to a drain pipe -- grab it and lowering himself from the third floor -- drop the last ten foot , landing hard , recover , run off -- ext . raised subway platform - night a subway train pull into the station . whip pan to find Jerry run onto the platform -- out -of-his-mind - scared -- pass a surveillance camera look down , as if watch he -- Jerry 's eye scan the area ... then he freeze . the electronic schedule sign have change to read : " jerry , board tee train " then just as fast , its back to the schedule . how be this happening ?! across the station , Jerry see Morgan and a team of Agents pour down the stair =- he run onto the train as the door close -- Morgan turn , do not see he . int . subway car - moving - night the train at full speed . oblivious commuter . Jerry try to calm down , make some sense . notice . the security camera in the corner , turn from it . a lcd.onthe train broadcast CNN : CNN newscaster have elevate we alert status to threat level " Orange . " insider say tomorrow night 's State of the Union address will focus on ... conductor ( v.0 . ) next stop , montrose Station . a cell ring from a phone peek out of a sleeping passenger's backpack . he look at it , oddly suspicious . the lcd goe black -- then the word " answer it , jerry " appear . look around : no one see it . slip the phone from the guy 's backpack -- turn away , hit " answer " : woman' voice stay on the train for three more station until you r-- but Jerry hang up -- won't have this . and as the train slow , he move to the door and -- ext . montrose station - night jump off the train , push through the busy platform . spot two transit officer talk on radio as they scan the crowd . Jerry turn and duck into another train just as -- 3/28/07 29 . int . subway car - night the door close . Jerry sit , exhales . then the cell phone -- which he steal -- ring again . he tense . wo not answer . it finally stop ringing . could it all be over ? no , because the train's emergency brake suddenly kick in , gear screech , people tumble ... and the train stop . everyone look around , confuse , frighten . suddenly , the train start moving backward -- jerry --no -- ext . rear subway car - night the rear subway car 's now become the front . tilt down to the track , it switch over to another line all .by itself -- int . subway car - moving - night people be freaking out -- and Jerry feel some insane guilty complicity in all this , as the phone . ring again -- jerry -- Jesus -- ( and he answer ) hello . woman' voice I tell you not to get off yet . jerry -- listen -- lady -- who be you ?! woman' voice he know you be here . Jerry turn and see a transit cop through the glass door that connect the car -- he 's talk into a shoulder - mount walkie talkie . look right at jerry -- jerry --.how do you know that ? where be you ? Jerry notice another security camera in the corner as : woman' voice next stop be damen Station . take the Northwest exit . there will be a black BMW sedan . get in the passenger seat . jerry go to hell . how 's that . he hang up , drop the phone and stomp on it . eye from fellow passenger . then every cell phone on board ringing in unison . 3/28/07 30 . continued : Jerry watch , stunne , as passenger start answer -- all hearing the same thing : woman' voice the man in the black t-shirt be a want terrorist . his name be Jerry Shaw . everyone turn to Jerry , back away , but a huge man stand : huge man -- you Jerry Shaw ? everyone look , a few even start to move for he . Jerry go for the door , but the subway cop be there , about to enter , but the door 's lock . Jerry yell to the passenger .: jerry stay away from I ! the cop pull he gun , yell through the glass : transit cop everybody down ! get down ? suddenly , the train speed , the door OPEN ! a blast of wind ! people scream , take cover as the.train . pull into the station , the cop about to shoot when Jerry jump , landing hard on the platform -- roll -- and the cop fire ! people scream and run , as the move train separate Jerry from the cop -- Jerry get to he foot , sprint towards the northwest exit and -- ext . train station - night out of the station ! spot the black 760 BMW sedan park by the curb -- sleek , ultra-fast . Jerry tear open the passenger door , jump inside , meeting , behind the wheel : int . BMW 760 sedan - night rachel . terrify . assume Jerry be behind all of this . Jerry , breathe hard , assume she be the Voice : jerry rachel okay : what do you want with -- I be not do a thing until I ?! I know for a fact that Kyle 's safe -- do you hear I ? I be not fuck around , you tell I now what this be do you hear I ? no , you stop - about ! - I will not do a thing for you until -- hey : I almost die back there ! Three time ! shut up ! you shut up and -- who ?! who 's Kyle ? who the listen to I now ! you tell I hell be kyle ?! Kyle be safe ! you tell I he's safe goddammit !!!! she 's hitting he and he 's gotta grip she arm to control she -- 3/28/07 31 . continued : rachel jerry my son ! you let he go ! you hey ! hey , stop ! wait ! hurt he and I will kill you be not the woman who you !!! call I ? and Rachel , out of breath , realize : holy shit ... rachel the woman ? she call you too ? woman' voice drive . -- and Jerry and Rachel scream at the horror of the ; woman' voice coming from inside the car -- how ?! jerry rachel -- where 's that come from ?! -- who be you ?! woman' voice ( cont 'd ) I be use the onboard automotive telematics system . drive . now. ka - boooom !!! the side window explode from a gunshot ! they duck -- Jerry turn to look at , the cop run toward the car : rachel jerry they 're shoot at US ?! drivedrivedrivedrivedrive !!! she slam the gas -- the car screech onto the road , another car avoid it , slamming into a bus -- Rachel lurch and grind as she shift gear -- rachel jerry what be happening ?! why be you drive like -- i've never driven anything that ?! worth over , twelve thousand dollar ! who be you and why be people shoot at US ? woman' voice ( cont 'd ) stay about fifty mile a hour , you have pursuer . jerry yeah , thanks , we be on it -- woman' voice turn leave in two-hundred foot . indeed they do : two police car blast around a STREET corner four block behind they -- doppler horn as we CUT back to : jerry -- my name 's Jerry Shaw , I have be set up -- somehow I do not know -- by -- 3/28/07 32 . continued : ( 2 ) he dramatically gesture around the car , indicate the Voice . woman' voice one hundred foot . rachel jerry -- you do not know anything you son ?! no , I know about Kyle ? nothing ! just like you do not know how to drive : use the clutch before you shift , not while you shift , not while you -- I do not need drive sh -- lesson from you , asshole ! -- you drive like . this and I be the asshole ? woman' voice ( cont 'd ) .. turn now . rachel ( annoyed as hell ) I know I get it ! and she yank the steering wheel and the.car make a frightening scream left turn as we CUT to : int . suv - chicago CITY street - night Morgan drive a government - issue sedan at 80 mph . over radio : police radio ( v.0 . ) all unit , respond code 3 -- suspect 's head south on stanley -- Morgan make a hard right , .tearing around a corner -- int . BMW - chicago CITY street - night two cop car have become three in the rearview mirror -- even more insane , Â°all . the traffic light be suddenly change to create a MIRACLE path for the BMW -- stop traffic to let they pass , . start it up again to CUT off the cop car . it 's as if someone .'s . play chess with the city grid -- rachel jerry ( creepe out ) -- the light be all change to green ... it 's like ... -- like they be change for we ... woman' voice accelerate to sixty -- turn right in four - hundred foot ... jerry ( look up , scared ) -- oh , no way -- 3/28/07 33 continued : Rachel look up too -- eye wide : a ten-story-tall construction crane turning fast , the block - long arm swinging above the STREET , holding five steel girder -- jerry ( cont 'd ) -- sixt ! go to sixty ! and suddenly the crane drop the girder -- Rachel scream -- jerry ( cont 'd ) shit !! and the steel beam slam into the pavement , just behind the BMW , -- pursuing and surrounding car slam there brake rachel -- this be not happen !!! tries to downshift -- grinnnnnnnnd !! jerry rachel clutch ! i'm clutching !! she try to shift -- Jerry put he hand on hers -- jam the gear shift into FOURTH -- the car swerve to avoid a car : jerry go right go right !!! Rachel yank the wheel , skid round the corner -- more police screech in ahead -- she 's force to veer onto a one - way STREET ! jerry ( cont 'd ) rachel getoffthe street -- wait , -- willyou shut up ?!!!! no , turnup ahead , keep go -- willyou just shut up and -- go ... wait -- stop -- turn letmedo it !! here !! the BMW barely avoid one collision after another -- woman' voice you will turn at the next alley : avoid the police . Rachel skid right , but two cop car appear . too late to stop wham ! the BMW smashes through -- both cop car go fly . rachel avoid they ?! jerry ( look back , holy shit ) -- you be do great -- morgan' car : 3/28/07 34 . continued : ( 2 ) morgan they be head for the harbor ! gimme roadblock at granville and sheridan ! in the BMW : Jerry and Rachel speed through a industrial marina . up ahead , the intersection 's close by a police barricade . woman' voice turn right in two-hundred foot . morgan' car : he sees Rachel come right at he . just before they collide , she turn right . Morgan slam he brake -- he car fishtail -- the cruiser behind he come to a.stop ; but now block he way . morgan move move move !!! int . BMW - harbor - night as the car speed down a narrow artery toward the river -- woman' voice accelerate to sixty five . rachel jerry accelerate ?! we " re head for the water ! -- be you try to kill we ?! -- slow down ! Jesus , slow down -- what the hell 's you name ? you ! you !!! -- oh! Rachel ! -- Rachel : slow the hell down !!! just then : ka-chunk !! something just slammed onto the roof -- a high - pitch vreeeee as he car 's tire spin in overdrive but suddenly find no road beneath they ! and impossibly , as the brick wall grow huge come right at we through the windshield , the car rise off the ground -- literally flying -- jerry rachel how be you do this ?!?! i'm not !!! -- and now we reveal : a giant , industrial magnet attach to the top of the BMW , hoisting it up on a dock crane -- the jib arm pivot , swinging they over a crane yard ... mind blow , they swing past the crane 's driver' seat and see ... nobody' at the control . the crane dip they toward a wooden railing overlook the river -- they crash through it . the release arm drop the BMW -- Jerry and Rachel scream as they plummet -- but the car do not hit water , instead it fall onto : a garbage barge float downriver . the car land in a mountain of trash . the crane stop , just as ... Morgan and the cop appear , screeching in at the break railing . 3/28/07 35 . continued : they jump from they car , look down into the river and see nothing . Morgan kick a trash can , piss : morgan seal the harbor , get diver in the water ! pan up to the horizon ... where the garbage barge float lazily down Lake Michigan . Jerry and Rachel escape ... for now . dissolve to : ext . barge - dawn Jerry , daze but drive , slam a piece of plywood again and again into the lexan window of the barge 's control booth . Rachel pace , on she cell -- hearing : kyle's voice this be Kyle . who be not allow to . use this phone with my friend ... so leave a message , Mom . ( beep -- } rachel honey ? honey ? it 's I -- baby , you need to call I . soon as you get this , 1 please -- check you message and . call I . sweetie . I love y_ou . and she hang up , stare 'off . crash ! Jerry 's knock the window back -- open the control booth door and enter , examine the control . the computer panel read : " control override . " jerry -- this thing 's on auto-pilot or something . which do not happen , this barge be operate , by people . he step out . in think , tear in she eye , Rachel ask : rachel d'youthink -- she could derail a train ? jerry be you kid I ? she change every traffic light ! this woman 's call I on other people 's phone -- some dude who happen to be sit next to I ! his phone ring -- it be she ! for I ! she break I out of maximum - security custod in a way I be not even gonna tell you cause you will not believe it -- and you see how she direct we away from the police , then lift we outta the world and drop we ass onto the ghost barge ! can she derail a train ? she could probably turn a train into a duck . yes . I think she c-- 3/28/07 36 . continued : -- but now he stop , because Rachel be cry . Jerry lamely attempt to backpedal : jerry ( cont 'd ) I mean ... I do not know , I be not sure she could derail a train , what the hell do I know ? Rachel brushes she tear away . afraid , but fight it . rachel my son be on a train . she threaten to kill he if I do not do what she say . they share a look . the difference between they galvanize in a instant . she have something to lose . rachel ( cont 'd ) you tell I -- how do someone do all this ? when : ring ! a cell phone . Rachel look down , hope it 's Kyle -- but it 's not she phone . they realize the phone 's somewhere in the trash . Jerry start digging . it 's nast finally , he find it in a old take - out box --- be : the phone . jerry -- you see what I mean ? he wipe it off , hold it to he ear despite the stench ; jerry ( cont 'd ) hello ? woman' voice you both need to swim to shore . go to line tower 108 . " jerry rachel " swim to shore ? be you -- she want we to swim --?! insane ? jerry Lady , what if I tell you we do not know how to swim . woman' voice but you do . I have see you at the beach house . ( Jerry be chill ) and the female be once a swim instructor at the ymca in westport , Connecticut . go now or the authority will find you . they be more dangerous than the water . 3/28/07 37 . continued : ( 2 ) click -- she 's go . Jerry hang up , turn something unnerve in he mind . jerry she call you " the female . " ( beat , weird ) that 's like ... something a foreigner would say , like a bad translation . but she have no accent . rachel Jerry , that 's you name , right ? be we swimmincr ? jerry do it bring back memory of westport y ? rachel ( pale , at a whisper ) how do you know that ? jerry I do not . and they turn to look down at the freezing river water as we pre - lap the SOUND of a clear F sharp and CUT to -- int . a&amp ; B instrument repair morning a old man blow into kyle , be trumpet . thick glass , sweater vest , instrument stack all over the place . Kyle 's familiar case with the packer ' sticker open next to he . store owner you sure you want to replace it ? sound pretty good to I . and we reveal middle eastern man stand at the counter . eye darting , nervous shove a small BOX into the man 's hand . middle eastern man yes . I be sure . please do it now . the store owner look into the box . store owner I do a lot of custom job , never see something like this before . I can have it for you by the end of the week . the Middle Eastern man. mumbling again in tajiki . seemingly , to himself . the store owner stare , kinda freak out -- store owner ( cont 'd ) sorry , what ? 3/28/07 38 . continued : middle eastern man ( snap out of it ) no . be not possible . it must be do this afternoon -- store owner listen , mister -- the Middle Eastern man suddenly touch he ear , bark out something in tajiki . like he 's argue with someone . store owner ( cont 'd ) -- be you okay ? middle eastern man ( look at he watch ) I will pay you triple . please . a courier will be by to pick it :'up at three . do it , please ... please . and step back , he exit quickly . the store owner watch he leave , then look back down at the BOX . int . river side - day a Coast Guard cutter float beside the now - abandon garbage barge . the BMW 's be lift ashore by a crane -- forensic tech comb every inch . morgan circle the car . grant follow , a waiting chopper in the background . agent grant all the surveillance camera in the area have turn up nothing -- no id on the girl , nothing on the vin -- morgan all I want be a goddamn picture of she -- what about traffic cam ? there be more camera on that route than the Super BOWL -- agent grant Department of transpo say there be a seven minute equipment failure -- morgan agent grant do not tell I they equipment be down ! do not ! Sir , that 's what they be tell I ... from northbrook to the 290 ?! what about the bogus fax from justice , be that equipment failure too ? -- no sir , there 's gotta be someone on the inside . -- ya think ?! 3/28/07 39 . continued : piss , Morgan start -- fast -- for the chopper -- we move with he and grant , who keep up : morgan the getaway car be wait there -- get I a witness description on the woman drive -- remember witness ? people who see thing ?! Jesus , be this a lose art ? agent grant I have markey on that right now Morgan 's phone be ringing -- he answer : morgan Morgan . when ? no . you tell they hold that ' till I talk to sanford - ( hang up , to grant ) wtmz have a report that there 's a terrorist at large in the.city , -- I be go back to forensics . find out where the hell that fax originate . -- if you do not have good news for I before I touch down you will be demote to a job that will require you . to touch shit with you hand -- do you understand I ? agent grant yes sir ! as Morgan hop up onto the move chopper -- morgan nobody who work for I call I sir. understand ?! it 's disingenuous -- might as well be call I ' asshole . ' as grant watch the chopper take off , perplex . ext . middle of nowhere - day a endless stretch of road line with electrical line tower ... two figure , like speck against the landscape -- Jerry and Rachel , walk , wet , cold . and then : rachel so you be a twin . ( beat ) who work at a copy place . and she manage a clipped , judgemental ( frankly rude ) laugh . jerry yeah , I know ... that 's occur to I . 3/28/07 40 . continued : rachel so this whole situation be obviously about he . jerry Excuse I ? I would offer this whole situation be not " obviously " about anything . rachel just think about it : you say you brother work at the State Department -- jerry -- so what ? rachel -- so that mean he could have : be into anythinc -- he be a twin -:- you .. receive a shipment of weapon and cash and airplane manual -- it seem to I that they send the stuff to . the wrong brother -- jerry wait a minute -- you be suggest all that stuff be for Paul ? as they approach tower 108 : rac he L hey , I be sorry that he die , I be not try to insult he memory -- jerry he have not be dead long enough to become a memory ! and if you know Paul , which you do not , you would laugh all day at the idea that he be a spy or terrorist or whatever you be imply -- rachel I be imply if not he ... then why you ? jerry well have not that be the question my whole life . you know how I know Paul be not a terrorist ? because if he have be , he would have be the best fuck terrorist in history : he would not have get catch , the United States would be a crater -- he would have win award for be a great terrorist . ( then ) what about you ? why would she choose you -- what 's you day job ? I know it be not " manual - shift driver . " 3/28/07 41 . continued : ( 2 ) rachel I do just fine drive , thanks . I be a paralegal -- I have no connection to anything . jerry really ? suddenly they be interrupt by the roostertail of dust approach in the distance . Rachel stop dead and on instinct , grab Jerry 's hand , all they mutual hostility vanish : rachel someone 's come . and what 's approach be the " hassad drycleaner . " van . it come to a stop and out step the Middle Eastern man . stands some twenty - five foot from they . middle eastern man be you Jerry Shaw ? jerry who be you ? Rachel grab Jerry 's arm as the man reach into he jacket -- jerry ( cont 'd ) middle eastern man -- whoa -- I drop it off like she say . I be do . the man 's pull out a unusual - look steel key . jerry ( cont 'd ) -- drop off what ? who be you ? middle eastern man take it -- he toss the key ..-- it land , large in frame , somewhere between they . then : jerry what 's it for ? middle eastern man I do not know -- I do not care -- but I will not drive you . you take the van ( touch he ear : beat ) I be not listen to you any more ! and the man turn to go , just walk away . rachel jerry -- hey ! -- wait , who be you ?! you have to tell we what you know ! 3/28/07 42 continued : ( 3 ) and as the man walk away from they he cell phone ring : he pull it out -- the lcd read : " last chance . " and the man drop the phone and just start running -- jerry wait !! and Jerry take off after he , he 's not let he go . catch up to the guy and grab he . spin he round -- jerry ( cont 'd ) what do you know ? middle eastern man -- let I go ! jerry -- who 's do this ? and they begin to struggle . Middle Eastern man 's drop cell phone ring . Rachel . terrify , hesitant . know somehow its for she -- she answer : woman' voice stop he now or he will die . rachel ( look around ) how be you see we ?! Jerry and the Middle Eastern man . Fighting . thrash . throw sloppy punch : middle eastern man let go of I ! on Rachel : woman' voice stop he now . click . Rachel turn to scream at Middle Eastern man -- rachel stop ! you have to stop ! when the Middle Eastern man crack Jerry in the nose and he go sprawling . he take off again , yell back : middle eastern man I cannot ! I have a family !!! rachel she 's go to kill you ! 3/28/07 43. continued : ( 4 ) and just then , something terrifying : a immense power surge -- heard , felt -- and a six - story - high coil the size of a suv explode in SPARKS . cable blast free . Rachel scream . Jerry tackle her to safety as the tree trunk cable swing down and strike the middle eastern man and he be slammed off he feet , the current make the cable stick to he like glue . and he 's on FIRE instantly -- smoke everywhere as he 's tossed by the horrifying tentacle , pounded into the ground , back into the AIR , pummelled down again , burning ... Jerry and Rachel watch this in horror -- until she look away . Jerry hold she -- the two in shock , stranger , in each - other 's arm . have share another moment , too real , horror - rachel ( cont 'd ) jerry . oh my God ... oh God ... oh we -- we have to do something , God ... oh God ... we have to ... figure out what to .. what ... and then he phone ring . and they be both too afraid to answer it . another ring . and another . finally Jerry answer it , hand shaking slightly : jerry you kill he ... you kill that man ... woman' voice it be unavoidable . take the van . drive to Indianapolis . 7002 West 56th Street . arrive no later than eleven am . disobey and you die . click . Rachel 's eye on Jerry . jerry rachel she want we to drive to Indianapolis . : , -- why ? what 's there , what ? -- -- I do not know -- -- no , this can not keep happen ! we have to go to the police , explain it -- explain what ?! what be we -- I be not do it !! I be not gonna tell they ?! go anywhere ! Jerry can see she 's lose it . grab she by the shoulder : jerry -- Rachel . she 's watch we . right now . you wanna die too ? you son ? we have to go . Rachel look right at he , still shaking , know he 's right . and nod . okay . okay . as we music build , larger than you might think -- and at the height of a unresolved chord , it -- 3/28/07 44 . ext . landscape - day -- stop . just the eerie , faint whistle of wind . we pan a barren landscape . scatter scorch mark . then , a high - pitch tone as the pan continue and arrive at a park military truck , which give we scale to understand the sudden colossal explosion that shake our be -- holy fuck that thing be huge and as debris be still ripped into the sky , piece be coming down and there will be smoke for hour as a super appear : " briar point test range -- aberdeen , maryland . " - and we hear clapping -- pull back , realize that we be inside : int . protective barracks - day -- a high - tech bunker - like structure with six - inch lexan window . a dozen military brass be here , applaud . among they be callister . he seem more thoughtful about this . behind he , a british , dark - suite weapons';developer speak : weapon developer that blast be the result of one single crystal of hexomethylne . for that of you who be new today , " rex " be a isotope that leave no chemical marker -- it 's eighty time more powerful than c4 . odorless . undetectable . colonel thompson , also from we open , gesture : colonel thompson talk about the detonate system ... the developer screw a metal valve into what look like a can of compress air , say : weapon developer hex be trigger by a acoustic frequency undetectable to the human ear . for this test we make it audible -- that be the tone you hear before the explosion -- the tone be the trigger . callister what 's the risk that another sound could accidentally detonate it ? ( half smile ) a song on a radio ? a howling dog ? weapon developer no : the pitch be uniquely program and impossible to reproduce . 3/28/07 45 continued : colonel thompson Fine job . weapon developer thank you , sir . we be proud of this ordnance -- all of we at halloway - Smith . and while we still hear he speak , we CUT to : int . clean prep - room - halloway - smith lab - continuous a technician at a assembly line where robot arms_ work on a stream of component : the careful manufacturing of hex . the acoustic trigger and its crystal counterpart . weapon developer .( v.0 . ) if you be satisfied with today 's final test , the hex Project have meet every ... contractual objective . the arm package each into separate . container , fit they with shipping label mark : " pentagon direct . " weapon developer ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and we be hope this move we into the next schedule phase ... shipping the product into the field . drift toward a unmanned computer . the screen flicker : " override in progress , . change shipping destination . " robot arm grab a wrap package off the line . a new label 's print : " ashland &amp ; son cio jerry shaw . " int . hallway - pentagon - day latesha walk down a hallway . Endless mile of shiny marble and military painting . her cell ring . it 's Morgan : morgan ( v.o. ) whaddya get ? latesha ( sotto ) that funny thing underneath my not - so - stylish pantsuit ? they bring I all the way to the Pentagon . Paul Shaw be not State -- ext . skie above chicago - day a chopper roar over skyscraper . Morgan beside the pilot in front , listen to latesha over he helmet headset . latesha ( v.0 . ) -- he be Defense . 3/28/07 46 . continued : morgan you be kid I . what capacity ? latesha ( v.0 . ) Black -file : classified b-36 . morgan B what ? int . hallway - pentagon - continuous she turn a corner . down the hallway a phalanx of general , military personnel and scurry assistant head towards a set of double -door . some very big meeting about to happen - latesha that 's the point . no one will tell I . I cross-reff the sci database , talk to the Intel committee , NSA give I .. nothing . kreb do not want I to ruffle any feather . I have be up and down all the ladder and everyone just think I be a -- when a mp suddenly appear and grab she by the arm . stop she . he tower over she -- mp intern be not allow on this floor , miss . you will have to -- when latesha wearily flash he she i.d. I have get clearance , pal . he look at it . let she arm go . m.p. -- sorry . latesha ( to m.p. ) everybody in this place have a six - foot height requirement ? ( continue walk ; back to Morgan ) anyway . I be go back to the office to -- morgan ( v.0 . ) no , no , no -- int . chopper - continuous the pilot signal to Morgan -- pilot -- I get the williamson County sheriff on the line -- Morgan hold up a hand , one second . to latesha : 3/28/07 47 . continued : morgan look , I do not have time for this -- stay there till you get some answer -- latesha ( v.o. ) -- but its a total shut out -- morgan simm : step up -- int . pentagon - continuous morgan ( v.o . ) -- I do not care if you have to go to the . top to do it . whatever mean necessary , get it ? whatever mean . click . latesha lower the phone . a huge : painting of the battle of el-alamein loom behind she . shelook .. back down the hallway as all the brass head into the meeting room and catch sight of -- callister amongst they . latesha hesitates . for just a second . shit. shit . this be it . before suddenly rush forward and call out -- latesha Secretary callister !. : he look behind he briefly before be shuffle into the meeting room . and slam .. the door close in latesha 's face . latesha ( cont 'd ) well , shit . int . dry cleaning van - CITY street - indianapolis - day the van speed down a highway , pass a sign : " welcome to indianapolis : you home town ! " Jerry drive , pensive . Rachel stare out the -window , the shock of what she 's see only fueling she rage at the whole situation . jerry how old be he ? you son . rachel ( in no mood to share ) Kyle . he 's nine . jerry what 's he do on a train ? she really do not want to talk . but : 3/28/07 48 . continued : rachel he go to a music magnet . his school 's on a tour of Washington . they be play at the Kennedy Center . jerry wow . and you . hm . she turn to he . eye burn into the side of he head . know what he 's think . rachel Parents be not allow to go ... be that okay with you ? jerry be it okay ? I could give a shit . rachel then what 's with the qualified nod ? jerry I be not allow to nod ? rachel not if you be iudging I . -- jerry . judge ?! I be just make conversation . rachel you think I should have go with he anyway . jerry I be just think , sound like a big deal , especially for a 9 - year-old -- play at the Kennedy Center -- I would just think at least one parent might wanna be there to see it . rachel yeah ? how do you know Kyle 's dad be not there ? jerry well , you be not wear a ring and you have not mention anyone but you son be on that train . even the most piss off ex- wife -- which I be not say you be not -- would have mention it if she ex 's life be threaten -- and if Kyle be go to meet he dad in DC ? you would have try to call he , too . so where be he ? Kyle 's dad ? 3/28/07 49 . continued : ( 2 ) rachel as if it 's any of you business -- you know what you be --? jerry insightful ? intuitive ? a better driver than you --? rachel -- you be one of that " thirty be the new twenty " man-child . you be glib and wry and find humor in people like I who be actually accountable for the ir life -- jerry okay , the most fascinating thing here ? be that you do not know the first thing about I ! rachel I know you work at a copy store ! what be you , thirty - one , thirty - two ? you be obviously articulate jerry -- love be stick in a van with my fuck guidance counselor -- rachel -- and I know you brother just die and he work for the State Department -- jerry -- you need to stop talk about my brother , I have have enough of that -- rachel jerry -- you be in denial if you -- Ham : I be not talk about do not think that have anything this -- to do with what 's happen right now -= -- dammit !! I be not kid ! : but I can tell you that stop ! stop ! whatever he do , whatever he be part of have put my son in danger whether you believe it or not !! screech ! Jerry yank the wheel hard , peeling across four lane of traffic . skid to a stop by a curb , pop open the door . rachel jesus !-- what 're you D - -?'. Jerry get out , slam he door shut -- 3/28/07 50 . continued : ( 3 ) rachel ( cont 'd ) you can not leave I ! jerry why not ? my brother 's a terrorist , and I be a loser right ? he start to walk away . Rachel desperately open she door rachel do not walk away ! jerry ( throw up arm ) I be do . rachel please ! jerry you be on you own . Rachel start run after he , panicked , leadin : rachel please ! please ! i..i need you ! jerrystop short . turn around . cupp he ear . jerry I be sorry ? what would you just say ? rachel I can not do this without you . jerry you mean without the " man-child ? " Rachel 's reserve crumble . rachel its the first time we have be apart , I and Kyle . since the day he be bear . and I let he get on that train -- ( almost whisper ) -- I let he get on . Jerry see all the panic and horror and guilt in this woman 's eye . they be both in pain . point he finger right at she . jerry no more accuse my brother of shit you know nothing about , be that understand ? Rachel look at he . nod . find she voice again -- 3/28/07 51 . continued : ( 4 ) rachel yes . and so . they turn around . and get back in the van . ext . tower 108 - day the charree face of the middle eastern man , frozen in a scream . Morgan run towards it , the sheriff and a power worker try to keep up . chopper in b.g. Police officer work the scene . power worker never see anything like it . power blow out from Franklin High School down to the river club . I can not explain it - they arrive at the body . contort , blacken , tooth bare . sheriff no i.d . we know he 's male , though . probably in he 20' . ( point off ) Tire tread enter and leave the scene over three . Three set of shoe print . morgan and we be about 4 mile from the river -- just then we see agent grant run towards they , stumbling on some rock . just finish -.up a cell call : agent grant agent Morgan ! " ( out of breath , sotto ) just get off with hq . the fake fax from justice that get Shaw he phone call ? come from inside justice . morgan Inside ?! you absolutely sure on that ? agent grant yes , 's -- ( catch himself ) yes I be . medical examiner get something -- as the m.e. pull something out of Middle Eastern man 's ear : a small , char gizmo . small wire stick out . lift it up for they to see . Morgan take the tweezer -- grant look like a bone mic , military grade . 3/28/07 52. continued : morgan can not even get this thing on the black market . ( look around landscape ) someone be talk to he . something 's rotten in Denmark . no , something 's rotten everywhere . Morgan turn abruptly and start back for the chopper . the sheriff helplessly call after he : sheriff we will be need that for evidence ! ext . 56 th STREET - day Jerry and Rachel 's van pull up to the federal bank of indianapolis . across the way be a stadium for the colt . the parking lot 's full , mid-game . they stare ; .steeling themselves for the inevitable ... rachel a Federal bank ? jerry could be worse . could.be.a Federal prison . int . indianapolis federal reserve -; lobby - day a wall - mount clock tick to " 11:00 " -- whip to Jerry and Rachel enter . Security cam everywhere . as they nervously cross the floor , they pass two armed brink courier enter a elevator . a bank manager approach : manager Mr. and Mrs. saxon ? I be Mr. bid . I understand you be in a hurry , why do not I show you to you box . jerry ( what the fuck ?! then : ) yes , thank you , we would ... like that . the manager walk they across to a secure elevator with a thermographic scanner . the manager look at Jerry expectantly , wait for he to place he hand on it . he do : a flash of light , identify he as : " saxon , carl . " Jerry 's eye : this be madness . the elevator door OPEN . int . indianapolis federal reserve - vault - day they exit the elevator , the manager lead they to a deposit BOX . he pull out a metal key , identical to the one the Middle Eastern man give Jerry : 3/28/07 53. continued : manager you key ? Jerry take out he key , it fit perfectly . they turn ; the box slide out , the manager lay it on a steel table . leave to give they privacy . Jerry and Rachel stare at the box . rachel you gonna open it ? jerry maybe it 's not gonna be so bad . rachel yeah ... maybe it 's something good .. they meet eye . tentatively , he raise the lid to find two glock pistol and the same bone mic we see .the .m.e. pull out of the Middle Eastern man 's ear . a note. : " ear : mic . now . " jerry rachel oh , shit -- it 's bad -- they look at each other . Jerry put the .. mic in he ear : woman' voice over mic both gun be load , safety 's off . in sixty second , ': two , man will exit the adjacent vault carry a briefcase . take it -- by force if necessary -- then exit the building .. Jerry can not fuck believe this . Rachel die to know : rachel -- what ?! jerry -- I do not suppose -- there 's any easier way to`get whatever the hell it be you want -- be there ? miss ? but she 's not answer . jerry ( cont 'd ) excellent . rachel what now -- what be we ? but the vault next door open , footstep -- 3/28/07 54 . continued : ( 2 ) jerry rachel -- they be come -- we be suppose to rob they -- -- be you kid I ?!?! ( hand she a gun ) -- just take i t -- -- no ! Jesus ! I do not even let Kyle play with water gun ! -- hey , I applaud you parent skill -- take it ! the footstep come closer as two men appear ... the .- brink courier from the lobby ; one of they 's carry a metallic briefcase cuffed to he wrist -- the other spot Jerry 's gun and react , go for he gun : jerry do not ! the man freeze -- Jerry hold he gun awkwardly -- jerry ( cont 'd ) uh ... hi . how 's it go . put. it on the floor . the briefcase . we do not wanna hurt you guy , we like you guy -- just -- we need the case . courier # 1 you be bring a shitstorm on you head , you know that . jerry I think we be already mid-shitstorm . do it . the man exchange glance . reluctantly , courier # 1 punch a combination into the case 's padlock , the cuff pop free from he wrist . he slide it over to Jerry , who reach for it ... and courier # 2 make a move -- smashing Jerry back , knock the gun out of he hand .. Jerry crash to the ground , the bone mic fall out of he ear ... he turn , shit ! see it skitter under the table . the courier see it too and grab he chance : snatch up the case and run for the elevator -- Rachel rush he , trip he -- he fall , daze -- Jerry leap up but courier # 2 effortlessly flip he on top of the steel table , slam Jerry 's head into the counter , unholster a back - up gun from he ankle -- bring the barrel up as : bam ! a gunshot ! the courier spin to see rachel , hold the gun that be kick across the floor : rachel drop the gun asshole ! courier # 2 drop it ; Jerry rise , wipe blood from he lip . Rachel be fuck on fire , she 's so tough . aka : a mother . 3/28/07 55 . continued : ( 3 ) rachel ( cont 'd ) gimme the case . now . they do -- and Jerry and Rachel back into the elevator with it . jerry rachel impressive . thanks . the door close on they , and we CUT into : int . indianapolis federal reserve - elevator - day alone in the elevator , Jerry look down at the .. case , adrenaline coursing , see a ribbon - thin digital timer near the handle : " 01:12:36 . 01:12:35 . " rachel jerry -- whoa -- what be that ? -- a timer -- it 's count down -- -- they do . that -- what 's it mean ?! -- I dunno , the only thing with timer I can think of be microwave and ... -- and bomb , you be gonna say bomb -- some coffee maker have timer .. . and egg timer ... -- yeah , Jerry , it 's a egg timer -- what be she say about it --? I dunno , I -- -- what do you mean you . do not know ?! woman' voice you lose the mic , Jerry . that 's not optimum . jesus christ ! her voice be in the elevator now : jerry would you stop do that ?! woman' voice there will thirty five second of disconnect , during which you need to get yourselves across the street to the stadium 's VIP parking area unexpose . jerry ( call out ) be this a bomb ?! ' Cause I be not walk out with a bomb ! hey ! you ! but she 's do talk . as the elevator door slide OPEN -- 3/28/07 56 int . indianapolis federal reserve - day two more brink courier wait by a armored truck . Jerry and Rachel exit , try to look casual . heart pounding -- rachel how do I look ? jerry like you get into a fight . I ? rachel like you lose one . a alarm sound . the man race into the bank as Jerry and Rachel walk right past they , start across the street toward the stadium . no one in sight except a colt paraphernalia vendor . squad car screech in around the bank . cop jump out draw they weapon . Rachel tensing . jerry just keep walk Jerry look at the clock above the-stadium . then over he shoulder at the bank . steer Rachel over towards the vendor . try to stay calm . jerry ( cont 'd ) two jersey and two hat , please -- vendor peyton or vinatieri ? jerry ( shit !!! ) I do not know what that mean -- rachel Jerry ... jerry ( shit ... shit ... ) uh ... both . the two courier run out of the bank . pointing right at jerry and rachel across the STREET . everyone start running toward they . Jerry shove a jersey and hat at Rachel -- jerry ( cont 'd ) put this on -- rachel jer -- jerry do it ! 3/28/07 57 continued : they put on the hat and jersey , hurry towards the stadium . cop scream at they to stop , the vendor scream that they do not pay . the cop fan out . Cars screech to a stop . Jerry , sweat . flick another look at the stadium clock : 3.. 2 .. 1 : when wham ! the stadium door fly OPEN as thousand of joyous colt fan pour out wearing identical blue hat and jersey . the game 's over . and in a instant , Jerry and Rachel be lose in a sea of blue and white -- it 's impossible to spot they . pushed back by the throng the cop lose sight of they -- Jerry take Rachel 's arm , work against the current towards the VIP parking area . a limo waiting there . the chauffeur see they , hurriedly put down he paper . open the door -- chauffeur Mr. and Mrs. saxon ? hope you - enjoy the game . jerry thanks , uh , we be in kind of a hurry -- chauffeur I bet . Jerry react , confuse by the. chauffeur 's libidinous tone as he close the back door . they vanish behind tinted window as cop and agent pass right by they . and as the limo pull out , we reveal , etched across the rear : " just married . " ext . hallway - pentagon - day latesha sit next to the double door . laptop open , type madly . she 's be wait a long , long time -- when suddenly they burst open and she snap to she foot . stand expectantly as general after general file out of the situation room . each as tall and broad as the next -- latesha ( look up at they all ) afternoon ... afternoon , sir ... afternoon ... afternoon , General ... pretty intimidating . finally callister walk out , flanke by advisor . the weight of the world 's on he shoulder . latesha ( cont 'd ) Secretary callister ? he look back , preoccupy . she catch up , hold she id : latesha ( cont 'd ) latesha simm , dhs , level 2 clearance . I need to ask you a question , sir -- 3/28/07 58. continued : callister not now , you can direct it to my office . latesha it will only take a minute , sir , thirty second -- b- 36 ? can you tell I what it be ? ' Cause its not -- callister -- you do not have clearance , agent simm , and I do not have thirty second . latesha so should I assume it have something to . do with the four cvn class 21 aircraft carrier you and the president just order to the Strait of Hormuz -? he look at she , stunne . how the hell --? latesha ( cont 'd ) I just check the intel , sir , we have some of the same index -- callister you need to stop assume . and he move on . latesha get jostle by all the brass , feel like a mouse in cage fill with lion . until she roar : latesha Secretary callister . Voice echoing down the hail . callister stop short , stunne by the gall and volume of this woman . she weave through the general , plant herself in front of he : latesha ( cont 'd ) my Department 's tracking a home - grow terrorist on the loose as we speak who may be connect to a cell with tie inside this building . now see as you just have a meeting back there with more brass than the navy march Band and with the terror threat rise every three hour , I be go to just have to assume you be in the middle of a very delicate dance to stave off World War Three ... so with all due respect , you either give I my thirty second and tell I what the hell B - 36 be , or this world just fall into a even bigger heap of trouble . sir. callister look down at she , completely strike dumb . she 's hit a chord deep inside he . it 's call ball . slam to : 3/28/07 59 . int . lobby - four season HOTEL - day as Jerry and Rachel enter the posh lobby of the four season , a obsequious bellhop approach -- he 's be wait for they : bellhop Mr. and Mrs. saxon ? this way , please -- tries to take the briefcase from Jerry , who yank it back : jerry no! 2 trot it . ( force a smile ) thanks , though . int . pentagon - ante - chamber - day latesha dump she thing on a tray , move through a scanner -- among she item be a set of keys with amini . swiss army knife . she 's hand a new badge that read : " temporary access . " ahead , a elevator door open and we start cross cutting : int . elevator - four season - continuous Jerry , Rachel , and the bellhop step in . the hop hit " penthouse . " muzak . they travel up : bellhop so , where would you two get hitched ? jerry rachel reno. Niagara Falls . shit . jerry rachel Niagara Falls . reno. shit. the " ding " of a arrive elevator match US back to : int . pentagon elevator - continuous the level indicator , have just arrive at floor " B - 35 . " latesha , wedge between two pentagon guard , watch nervously as one of they use a key to open a panel revealing : a biometric sensor . the other guard hold he thumb to the scanner -- yet another panel open , with a red button mark " B - 36 . " it hit latesha : b- 36 be a secret level in the Pentagon . the elevator descend to the final level and open , revealing : 3/28/07 60 . int . hallway - level b- 36 - continuous 12 - foot concrete wall . High -tech ventilation and surveillance system . stand there wait be scott bowman , early thirty , have not see daylight in a while : scott agent simm ? Scott bowman : welcome to B - 36 . if you will follow I ? int . honeymoon suite - four season - continuous the bellhop dramatically open the door -- bellhop welcome to paradise . palatial honeymoon suite . picture window , rise petal on the bed ... bellhop ( cont 'd ) minibar , high -speed internet , thousand - count sheet . and if you be look for the tv he click a remote and a 72 " plasma tv rise up from a cabinet . on screen , a narrate " virtual tour " .of the hotel : tv voice dedicated to the high standard of luxury and comfort ... bellhop robe behind the door , jacuzzi with eighteen nozzle that hit in all the right place , if you will pardon my french . . need anything , just dial zero , I be here t2 . serve , I be here to please ... and he stand by the door , wait for a tip . Jerry 's still look aroundwhen Rachel catch he eye . well ? oh. Jerry dig into he pocket and pull out two nickel . jerry knock yourself out . the bellhop be still look down at he palm when Jerry shut the door on he . rachel this be nice and everything , but what the hell be we do here ? 3/28/07 61 . continued : jerry Nice ? one night in this place be more than one of my paycheck ; and that 's before tax -- he head over to the minibar . start root through it , pull out that tiny bottle of alcohol ... rachel what be you do ? jerry if we be go down , I be gonna go down sing . hey ! chocolate cover almond , I love this ! rachel can you stop eat for a second ? a knock at the door and they stop argue immediately . woman' voice answer it . they turn hearing the voice : it 's.come from the t.v. the four season graphic still dance on screen . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) there be item you will need for the next step . knock ! knock ! a small nod from Rachel and Jerry open the door . a delivery boy stand there with a bag : delivery boy there y'go , Mr. saxon . have a nice day ? Jerry take the bag -- the kid put out he hand for a tip just as Jerry close the door on he , daze . start pull thing from the bag : hair . dye , clothes ... woman' voice the limousine be wait for you vdownstair . you have 30 minute to change you appearance . rachel where be we go now ? jerry what the hell 's in the briefcase ? woman' voice you only consideration at present be to deliver it before the timer expire . 3/28/07 62. continued : ( 2 ) jerry ( the break point ) bullshit ! this be crazy ! you be a television set ! you do not watch I , I watch you ! I wanna know what the hell 's go on !! woman' voice it would not be efficacious to reveal my intention . jerry -- " not be efficacious " ?! who the.fuck talk like that ?! rachel -- Jerry -- jerry we know you be watch ! we know you be listen ! we know you know â €¢.'everythina . so why do not you stop hiding and tell US who you be !! nothing . furious , he move to . the window -- jerry ( : cont 'd ) Fine , have it you way , . Lady -- I be gonna scream bloody murder out this window ' till every cop in a fifty mile radius come run and I be gonna tell they everything even if they think I be a crazy sonofabitch ' cause at least I will not have to listen to you any more ! rachel -- jerry -- he yank the window up -- woman' voice stop . he do . the.. four season graphic in tv snap to black -- then digital static -- a channel re-routing through some distant computer - control network . and now : image -- file footage -- a defense department lab , technician assemble computer component , put together a strange - look sphere -- woman' voice ( cont 'd ) my name ... be aria . Rachel and Jerry stare -- what the hell be this ? 3/26/07 63. int . pentagon - mainframe tank - continuous close on latesha , also reeling as she stare at something o.s. flickering shadow play across she face -- scott ( o.s. ) it stand for ' autonomous reconnaissance Intelligence analyst ' ... and we reveal " the tank . " a glass - in wall contain ton of water . a awesome steel sphere in the water , suspend by a claw - like apparatus . the " brain " of a com uter network . the very same image Jerry and Rachel just see on the tv . scott ( cont 'd ) twenty - two hundred ton of super - cool water keep she from overheate -- that 's ninety - two thousand processor , the equivalent of a hundred.millionhuman brain work together as : ,.one ... " ' latesha ( in awe ) a electronic espionage system . scott no , that be echelon , eavesdropp off satellite . this go . ;. much farther . int . honeymoon suite continuous Jerry and Rachel gape as : more image flash : the radio dome , satellite dish and mainframe that make up aria 's domain ... aria I be create by " darpa " : the Defense Advanced Research project Agency in 2002 . my primary directive be to protect the national security of the United States . I have access to track the economy , population , and military development of every country in the world , as well as intercept all global communication -- from satellite to cell phone to credit card transaction . Jerry and Rachel look at each other -- a computer ?! int . mainframe tank - level b- 36 - continuous scott after 911 , we problem be not collect data , it be interprete it fast enough . ergo : quantum rocessin ( more ) 3/28/07 64 . continued : scott ( cont 'd ) today there be more microchip than people , and they can all be data-mine , either via direct connectivity or wireless signal -- let 's say we be chase someone with a suitcase nuke in L.A. , we can order aria to shut down mass transit , track the perp through traffic camera ... and if give the order , she could even turn a tv into a bomb to take he out . latesha ( what we be all thinking ) but what if -- scott -- she can not act without authorization . see , she 's bound not to countermand we law -- even the declaration of Independence be woven into she source code . her primary role 's pre-emptive -- run simulation , identify threat before they become real ... int . honeymoon suite - continuous jerry wait , you think we be a.threat ? aria ( v.0 . ) no . you be a mean to a end . on tv , constitutional amendment -- zoom to word in close up : aria ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) under National Security directive 359 , sub-section 72 -- " when unit be need for the national defense , civilian shall be order to active Federal service ... " jerry you be draft we ? rachel the guy you kill in the desert -- last time I check , murder be not legal . aria in fact , it be . chapter 802 of the uniform code of military justice state desertion be punishable by death . so matter - of - fact , its chill . and what Jerry want to know , more than anything , be ... 3/28/07 65 . continued : jerry what would my brother have to do with this ? a picture of paul shaw' defense i.d. pop on screen : aria we be colleague . Rachel stare at the picture on the screen , then back at Jerry . can see the blood drain from he face . jerry ( try to process ) no , he work for the State Department ..: aria everyone in deep operation have a cover . you brother be a horseman . jerry what 's the hell be a ' horseman ' ? int . mainframe tank - continuous scott you know , clever allegory -- of the apocalypse ' - - `except we be here to prevent it . Scott tap the console , id photo appear of we four " horseman " : paul shaw , scott , and two man we will call lowell and jimmy . scott ( cont 'd ) officially , we do not exist , but we monitor aria 's network 24 / 7 . there be : four of we ... till Paul die . ( beat , it 's still raw ) he be smarter than all of we put together . latesha work here must be pretty tough -- all the security , the pressure , long hour ... as in : " do you notice he act strangely ? " scott yeah , but you could set you watch by Paul . except ... latesha except what ? 3/28/07 66 continued : scott the night he die ? he leave he shift three minute early . which you do not do . which he would not do . latesha 's suddenly lock in on a clue -- prelap : aria ( v.0 . ) Paul and I have a disagreement before he expire ... int . honeymoon suite - continuous Jerry sink to the edge of the bed , run hand : through he hair : aria to amend it , I need Jerry to perform a task . simple . jerry ( v.0 . ) expire ?! you mean die .. that 's what we call it , we human , we call it die -- rachel what 's the task ? aria ( v.0 . ) to insure the national security of the United States . rachel what d' you need I for then ? aria ( v.0 . ) that be not you concern right now . rachel be you kid I ? jerry alright , this be bullshit . I be not do this --- and you be a computer , you do not know a goddamn thing about my brother . aria ( v.0 . ) I know all about he , Jerry . and you . the screen snap to a slide show of paul shaw be accomplishment : childhood birthday party , sport team , surround by friend , beautiful girlfriend , high school graduation , Yale graduation , stand with they dad , William 's arm over he shoulder . Jerry almost gasp at aria 's reach into he subconscious : aria ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) you brother succeed in everything he do . ( mnrf ) 3/28/07 67 . continued : aria ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) before he be a year old , he walk . something that take you eighteen month to accomplish . he be highly gift , intelligent and principle -- in fact , the only horseman ever to challenge I . but you , Jerry -- the slide show change to security footage of Jerry at kinko be , slave away . play card with kwame , slack off . his stomach drop . see himself like this . look so pathetic . the heart have just be cut out of he . Rachel see it -- aria ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) you be similar to Paul in DNA only . historically you have succeed in nothing . initiate nothing . excelled in nothing . you will perform the task because it be you nature to follow . ( beat ) and because you have see what happen to deserter . rachel -- Jesus , enough ! the screen go black . aria ( v.0. : ) you have 23 minute to prepare . there 's a adjoin suite with a second bathroom . the door to the adjoin suite click open . aria ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) use it . and she 's go , replace by the hotel 's promotional prattle -- tv voice the four season pride itself on excellent service Jerry stare , overcome . Rachel watch he a emotional beat ... rachel ( softly ) Jerry ? without answer , he grab the bag . walk into the other room without a word . close the door . she stare , feel he shame ... then she eye go to the briefcase timer count down : " 01:08:43 .. 01:08:42 ... 01:08:41 ... " 3/28/07 68 . continued : ( 2 ) man' voice halloway - Smith contract we to transport the briefcase to they corporate office ... ext . indianapolis federal reserve - day the bank 's roped off and label " crime area . " Morgan question the courier , study they transport manifest : morgan biotech ? the chemical company ? brink courier # 2 when they make a new compound , they , hold it in a vault for clinical trial . morgan ( scan the manifest ) why would the hazmat office issue a special permit for the case ? brink courier # 1 you would have to ask -- could be` anything from a boner pill to a bioweapon , they never tell we . brink courier # 2 tell you one thing , though ... the guy never handle a gun before . that land with Morgan . he nod to a agent , dismiss the courier . grant approach : agent grant we pull video ... nothing . no good angle on Shaw or the girl . morgan there.are 14 visible camera in the lobby ! " 8 hide no one can see ! agent grant gotta be a hacker , someone keep they ahead of we . morgan it 's a Federal bank ; encryption do not get more secure .. , from now on assume we air 's be compromise , too . tell everyone to go secure on tac -3 , nobody communicate outside this task force without my say-so . 3/28/07 69 . continued : agent grant I be on it -- also : they find this upstairs , but the trace signal 's dead -- hold up a evidence bag with Jerry 's bone mic inside . morgan do not tell I that be what I think it be . ( snatch it , piss ) goddamnit , who 's lead this people around ?! someone 's behind the wizard of Oz ! he turn and spot something : a surveillance camera in the window of a 7 - 11 . start moving toward it .-- int . bathroom - four season - day Rachel 's face whip up into frame , she hair now dyed blonde . she stare at she reflection , try to : process it all . . . when she cell ring : " kyle . " with a gasp she pick it up -- rachel -- Kyle ?! kyle hey , mom , it 's. I . rachel -- sweetie , where areou , be you -- but she 's interrupted as she realize , oddly , it 's a voicemail -- she heart sink : kyle ( v.o. ) get you message , the train 's awesome -- Brian try to burp the alphabet but gag when he get to " m . " I will call when we hit D.C. bye , mar -- Rachel hold the phone like it 's some kind of life - line to she son . when there 's a strange beep then the voice of aria : aria you son leave that message sixty second ago . rachel I will do whatever you want -- do not hurt he , please -- I be begging you . listen - you be try to protect something too , right ? you will do whatever it take . well that 's what it 's like to be a mother -- can you understand that ? 3/28/07 70 . continued : aria there be over 52,000 vocal tone option for my program ; I choose this one precisely because it sound so maternal . people tend to do what you ask when you sound like they mother . rachel ( eye close , so lose ) Jesus ... aria you will see you son again soon . bute there 's something I require from you first ... ext . bathroom - same Jerry approach the door , hair now brown . beat . he knock : jerry Rachel ? we gotta go intercut : Rachel in the bathroom , she face betray the horror of what she 's just hear , what aria 's just tell she to do -- rachel what ? no way , I can not just -- aria -- when the time come I will instruct you to stepaway : fromJerry . once you hear that word , you will have thirty second . jerry ( v.0 . ) Rachel ? you in there ? aria answer Jerry , please . intercut : ; Jerry still stand outside the door . Rachel 's voice , " muster strength through the door : rachel ( v.0 . ) coming ) steeling herself , she step out . force a smile while averting she eye . and push past h2 - , n like he 's lag ... int . hallway - level b- 36 - day latesha pace through frame , nervously filing she nail with she mini swiss army knife as she talk into a headset . a desk guard watch , annoyed by the filing : 3/28/07 71 . continued : latesha I dunno , the whole thing 's off somehow - but get this : b- 36 be not a security classification , it 's a sub-level here at the Pentagon -- ( see the desk guard eyeing she ) what ? girl 's gotta groom . int . 7 - 11 - back room - day Morgan 's on the other end , grant and the clerk run through a playback of the cctv feed look out onto the street in front of 7 - 11 . good old - fashioned vcr . morgan ( into cell ) -- you be shitting I int . hallway - b-36 sector - continuous latesha yeah , 36 floor underground -- and it get weirder : aria cam -- watching latesha . from above : " trace in progress ... intercepting call . " intercutting with morgan in the 7 - 11 -- he hear : latesha's voice four year ago , darpa commission ... ( garble ) ... .computer ... ( garble ) ... morgan simm ? you be break up -- with latesha -- she cell lcd say : " call lose . " no bar . muttering " dainnit , " she try to call Morgan back . no dice . aria pqv cam : latesha snap she phone shut , notice the camera watch she . unsettle . we read : " voice mimeo activate " int . 7 - 11 - back room - continuous and though latesha be not speak , we start to hear her voice : latesha / aria ( v.0 . ) sorry about that -- as we realize aria 's take over the call by mimick latesha : latesha / aria ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be get a bad signal down here . 3/28/07 72. continued : morgan I hear ' darpa ' and ' computer ' --? latesha / aria yes , B - 36 be part of a super - computer project , but it be decommission . a dead end . the archive be at Fort meade . do you want I to head over there ? -- but Morgan 's only half - listen now as he see . something on the cctv feed : morgan wait -- go back , freeze that - what he sees : a still of Jerry and Rachel get in the limo , face obscure . morgan ( cont . ':d ) punch up the plate the image enhance , revealing a plate number , its frame bear the company name : " icon limousine SERVICES . " morgan ( cont 'd ) ( to grant ) find that car ! ( back to latesha ) simm , gotta jump , sit tight ' till I call . latesha yes , sir . Morgan , preoccupy , be about to hang up . but stop : do she just call I sir ? int . mainframe tank - b- 36 - day latesha return to the network monitoring hub to find Scott type at . the console . a machine arm drop down from above , spider - like . : the device animate as a cranial scanner open : scott aria 's system use biometric security to identify we , so only horseman can access she core programming . suddenly he head 's ensconce in a laser grid that scan every inch of he feature : " processing for match ... horseman ident confirmed : bowman , scott . " latesha watch somewhat dumbstruck as the machine arm retreat upward . scott ( cont 'd ) ( click on mic ) aria , go voice active , please . 3/26/07 73 continued : aria over speaker ( v.0 . ) hello , Scott . how may I assist you ? latesha it talk ? aria over speaker ( v.0 . ) I be fluent in 6,800 language , 41,000 dialect , and 750 extinct tongue . scott aria , this be latesha simm , she 's here as part of a counter - terrorism task force . aria over speaker .( v.0 . a pleasure to serve you , Ms. simm . latesha ( throw , to Scott ) . be I suppose to -- ( he gesture , " answer um ... what 's up . scott . aria , I would like to : bring , up all the log feed the night Paul die -- when he leave the building . aria over speaker ( v.0 . ) of course . Scott type on the console and after a beat grainy black - and - white surveillance feed spring up onto the big monitor . several different angle of paul shaw exite the mainframe tank , move down corridor , get in the elevator . weird to see this tintype of Jerry . same eye , same hair , same walk . flick a quick look up at the camera -- latesha there 's no feed from inside here ? scott no need for camera in here , we have get aria . latesha look through a glass divider at aria float in the tank . creeped out . the footage jumping as Paul round the corner for the elevator . press he thumb to the panel . scott ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) so weird ... no over body language , he 's even casual . leave like it 's any other day . 3/28/07 74 . continued : ( 2 ) latesha except three minute early ... on the monitor : the elevator door open and Paul step inside . latesha study the feed . something 's not right . then ... she eye narrow : the way Paul 's face the button panel . like he 's deliberately pivote away from the camera . latesha ( cont 'd ) wait , in the reflection , do you see that ? Scott rewind the footage , zoom in . Paul step into the elevator and face the button panel . close on he face in the panel 's reflective surface -- scott be he ... blink ? yes . erratically , deliberately . Fucking weird . Scott and latesha share a look . suddenly , the image on the monitor start to flicker and jump -- aria . over speaker ( v.o. ) I be experience interference in network 7752b , please allow I to shut down and analyze . scott negative , I be prioritize this . aria over speaker ( v.0 . ) I will note my protest in the data log . this be get weirder by the second -- paul' distorted reflection in the panel , he eye definitely blink weirdly : latesha it 's like he 's try to say something ... scott a code . he 's blink code latesha it 's not morse , but there 's a sequence to it -- scott ( then , a grin ) oh , that sonofabitch ... he grab a piece of paper and start writing madly , scribbling number , scratch some out , then convert they to letter -- F ... i. 3/28/07 75 continued : ( 3 ) scott ( cont 'd ) ( as he work ) it 's a code -- hexadecimal -- a number system that can be convert to letter the first computer use it as a programming language back in the 50' . latesha watch , rapt : r... E. e... X ... T. . " on the feed : the elevator door open and Paul step out . that 's all they get . they stare , try to make sense of the letter : " f.. i. R ... E ... e.. X ... t.. . " scott ( cont'd the hell be that ? stare , mind spin -- and suddenly . she put .a finger between the two " e's . " divide word .. and get it : ext . corridor - second later moving fast together down the same corridor Paul go down . they turn a corner ... and stop dead :- a FIRE extinguisher be mount on the wall . latesha see the placement of the cameras caddy - corner to the intersect hallway ... and know what Paul be do : latesha it 's the only spot in the hallway not cover by . the camera . ( low ) : : he be hide something from she . a shift to aria cam confirm it : she can not see exactly what they be doin latesha move urgently to the extinguisher , start examine it for something , anything ... but find nothing . latesha ( cont 'd ) I do not get it . he have to be say ' Fire extinguisher . ' Scott pull a maintenance sheet off the wall . scan -- scott maintenance replace it yesterday . ( scan the sheet ) this be not right ... they be not suppose to do it till June . they lock eye . 3/28/07 76 . continued : latesha ( whisper ) she read the code too ... where 's ' recyling ' ? ext . limo - day the limo glide through traffic . in back , Rachel 's nodd off . Jerry watch she from across the limo , sketching something on a cocktail napkin ... rachel's face . it 's a perfect , beautiful rendering . and we sense something in he look too -- something 's change . as Rachel wake with a start -- rachel hey -- sorry , I do not mean to -- be I drool ? I bet I be drool . you do not sleep ? jerry night shift . I be use to . Rachel sit up , see the napkin . grin , surprised . rachel wow , be that I ? jerry one of my only party trick . rachel ( truly impressed ) it 's really good . Jerry look down at it , not use to have he work appreciate . Rachel , can see how deeply affect he be by what aria say . it seem to make she feel uuiilty somehow ... kinder ... rachel ( cont 'd ) about what aria say ... I be sorry . they be ; start to connect . he glance out the window ... jerry you have to understand , I be not he twin , I be more like he ... little brother . always try to catch up . and you would not believe how ... nice he be to I . Teaching I thing when we be kid , tell I how great I be . he be the only one who ever do . ( almost smile ) of course he be involved in some super secret National Security project . he be a superstar . he have a rocket strapped to he back . I be the fuck -up . ( more ) 3/28/07 77 . continued : jerry ( cont 'd ) I wear it like a medal , like it actually mean something ... but the funny thing be ? this be probably the most important thing I will ever do . this . right now . this completely insane journey or whatever it be . I be actually need in something , I . Jerry Shaw be require . but what be I think ? I will probably fuck this up , too -- rachel you be be too hard on yourself -- jerry no. I be not be hard enough . that 's be the problem . they look at each other . a real moment for Jerry . a seismic shift in he life perspective . but then something catch he eye -- he look darken . out the window , a highway sign : " dayton INTERNATIONAL airport . " the driver 's . tinted divider window lower , he offer a folder . chauffeur you passport and itinerary . now Rachel 's see the airport . sign , too. look at Jerry ... jerry ( to driver ) uh ... could you give we a minute ? the chauffeur nod , the window rise again . heart pound , Jerry grab the briefcase and slide back the timer sheath to check the countdown : " 00:15:36...00:15:35 ... " rachel you do not think -- jerry -- we know what she can do , she do not need we to crash a plane -- rachel -- what if it 's not about just one plane ? they look at each other . fuck. fuck. fuck . what to do . when Rachel grab the briefcase as the limo pull curbside . rachel ( cont 'd ) I have more to lose in this . if anything happen to Kyle then my life 's over anyway -- but Jerry grab she hand , take the case . 3/28/07 78 . continued : ( 2 ) jerry Rachel -- till we meet , I have nothing to lose . we do this together . a long look between they . as they realize , this could be it . int . dayton INTERNATIONAL airport - continuous we feel the heighten state of alert . national guardsmen with m - 16 's scan the crowd . Jerry and Rachel enter , adrenaline pump -- he open the envelope to reveal two passport with they photo , but the name " MARK and allison ackerman . " just then aria 's voice come over the p.a . : aria over p.a. allison ackerman , please pick up the white courtesy phone -- they stop , hearing she . Rachel tense in this moment move to the ringing courtesy phone , answer : aria ( v.0 . ) go to the tickete machine , you will receive two ticket to Paris . rachel -- Paris ? aria ( v.0 . ) once you have the ticket , walk to gate 17 - C . move quickly . ext . dayton internationalairport - tarmac - continuous a chopper touch down near a wait contingent of agent and airport PD -- Morgan and grant hop out on the move , hand out blurry video still from the 7 - 11 : morgan he 's with a brunette female , approximately five - seven -- I want airport PD at all exit -- have the tower shift commander ground every flight outta here under Federal jurisdiction but do not change the departure board , I do not want them to know we be come -- the agent enter the airport through a door on the tarmac -- int . carry - on screening area - continuous Jerry and Rachel show they ticket and id 's to a tsa screener , watch all the people on the x-ray line ... family ... kid ... Jerry look down at the case that could kill they all ... 3/28/07 79 . continued : security attendant Sir , you will have to put that through . Jerry nervously set it on the conveyor belt , they pull off they shoe ... watch the case move toward the mouth of the machine , then pass through the metal detector , catch a glimpse of the x-ray screen ... the briefcase glide into view ... a strange glitch as the screen fritzes , then normalize revealing the content : a hair dryer and dirty clothes ?! they notice the surveillance cam watch : rachel ( a murmur ) she change the screen ... the case come off the conveyor , the tsa agent hand it back : tsa agent can not be too careful . jerry ( force a smile ) you be do a great job . as they walk on , he check the timer , 00:03:22 ... 00:03:21 .. 11 they pass a kide ' band and they teacher , gather around a airline customer service desk . band leader ( exasperated ) but we be suppose .to be in DC by -- customer service agent I be sorry , si.r , .. there 's nothing I can do -- intercut surveillance camera Pov : aria track Morgan as he reach the upper concourse just as ... Jerry turn and ... they lock eye across the crowd : morgan ( into walkie ) I have he on the upper concourse , C terminal ! jerry ( to Rachel , urgent ) -- we aottago as Morgan race forward , aria act : the x-ray screen fritzes again as another carry - on go through , revealing its " content " as a hand gun and knive ! the tsa agent hit a red button -- tsa agent -- handgun --!! 3/28/07 80 continued : ( 2 ) and in a nanosecond , all tsa agent draw gun and throw a korean man against the wall -- he shout in confusion as they tear open he bag to reveal ... it 's fill with bible ! morgan move ! everybody move ! federal officer ! moving with jerry and rachel -- past a wall make of thirty flat screen monitor that form one massive nike ad of lebron slam dunking -- at once , the screen change to spell out the word : gate 17-c . they 're thirteen second behind you . Jerry and Rachel streak towards 17 - C as the screen return to normal when Morgan and agent follow with pistol swinging -- intercut surveillance cam Pov : as Jerry and Rachel hurtle past a ATM machine , it spit out a cash cloud .. that " incite a feeding frenzy -- agent slam into commuter and topple -- morgan react to what he sees -- how'd that just happen ? agent grant and airport cop round the corner ahead -- we heroes veer past a flashing message board that change : get on the slidewalk . they leap onto the slidewalk which start accelerate as they run -- traveller gawk as Jerry and Rachel race by -- they reach the end but be go so fast . that they be jettisoned off the conveyor , tumbling into passenger . Agents run onto the slidewalk but it suddenly brake , jerking they off they foot -- they be launched into the air , a domino - effect of crash people . ` Jerry and Rachel pull themselves up and run toward gate 17 - C , another screen change : take the emergency exit . above a door , the " exit " sign flash unnaturally -- the door automatically unlocks -- they push through -- Morgan run up , too late ; the door 's shut again . see a airport janitor -- morgan ( cont 'd ) open this now ! the janitor quickly swipe he id through the keycard scanner , but it buzy red . aria 's lock they out . Morgan fire he gun at the lock -- people scream as he slam through -- int . luggage conveyor area - continuous as Jerry and Rachel run through different track of luggage conveyor belt , gunshot ping above they -- its Morgan -- they tumble , landing half - on , half - off a conveyor below . 3/28/07 81 . continued : jerry lose he grip on the briefcase ! it fall , landing on a " return " belt , Jerry reach but miss by inch -- the briefcase travel onward , near Morgan -- he goe for it -- but a machine arm guide luggage swing left , manipulate by aria -- knock Morgan back before he can grab the case -- rachel snag it -- her Pov -- timer : " 00:01:10 ... 00:01:09 ... " as Jerry scramble to she , the conveyor shift they to a different belt -- they be funnel through a hatchway . daze by what he 's just see , Morgan scramble for he walkie : morgan all agent : northwest cargo area ! freight cargo area : separate from Morgan , they tumble off the conveyor -- a plasma display the " asset track system , " all airport cargo and shipping -- it change to read : row 18 . find crate marked " fragile . they run for row 18 , find a crate with " fragile " in bold red -- a electronic lock on the crate descramble -- the front of the crate fall OPEN ... oddly , the interior 's padded with thick insulated lining , a nextel walkie phone inside blip : aria over walkie ( v.0 . ) set the briefcase down . jerry ( they do : 00:1.0...00:09 .. ) do not be a bomb do not be a bomb do not be a bomb -- ` rachel if it be , I be really , really sorry I let you come with I ... the timer : 0o:02.`..00:01 ... and nothing happen . the briefcase simply unlocks .. they exhale . aria over the walkie ( v.0 . ) open it . Hand still tremble , Jerry reach out ... lift the top to reveal ... two hypodermic syringe injector and two vial of clear liquid label : " cryozine I test vial -- 20 x 1.0 mle . aria over walkie ( v.0 . ) load a vial into each syringe and inject yourselves . quickly . jerry oh , Jesus ... 3/28/07 82. continued : ( 2 ) rachel why --? aria over walkie ( v.0 . ) the compound have be expose to oxygen . its already begin to degrade . and they see it : the liquid 's start to turn brown -- rachel what be that ?! I be not put it in my arm -- aria over walkie ( v.0 . ) : do it now , or you will be catch . across the bay , agent rush in , spread . - out -- no choice , Jerry and Rachel grab the vial and fumble . toload they into the injector , put they against they arm -- she freeze up : rachel jerry -- oh , shit -- I can not -- there 's no time -- he see she 's come undone , so he 'fire :. into he arm , take the plunge -- wincing as the needle puncture skin -- a beat : jerry it 's okay , .. see ? I ' mokay ... you can do this , I be tell you . strong . buoyed by he , she get courage and fire too , wince -- aria over walkie ( v.0 . ) climb inside the cargo container . they duck into the crate , pull the front back up into place . the electronic lock click secure they inside just as ... the agent appear run past the crate -- int . crate - continuous Close together , they suck in sharply , freezing as footfalls run past ... then , quiet . the walkie / phone blip : aria over walkie ( v.0 . ) you will soon be load into the unpressurized hold of a cargo plane . the drug will lower you heartrate to 15 beat per minute , reduce you need for oxygen ... base on you medical record you have a 92 % chance of survival . they eye go wide . chest heaving as the drug take effect . rachel . I feel it ... oh , God ... 83 . 3/28/07 continued : jerry hey , hey ... look at I . she find he eye , it calm she . rachel I have not really do ... a lotta drug . jerry I have never do them in a cargo container . despite everything , she smile at that . he reach for the walkie and turn it off . shut aria out . for the first time , they be alone . he keep she distract : jerry ( cont 'd ) tell I something -- rachel -- what ? jerry -- anything -- something personal , something you would rationally never tell a stranger like I rachel I do not know . : you be be sweet , but it 's not work - jerry -- where 's you ex-husband ? you do not tell I before -- rachel -- you be gonna distract I by bring up my life 's biggest mistake ? jerry -- how could it be you biggest mistake ? you get Kyle out of it . rachel -- now you be gonna distract I by bring up the one thing I be most afraid of lose ?! jerry where be he ? you ex-husband ? rachel Jesus -- okay -- he 's in the wilmington correctional facility . jerry -- what ? really ? why ? 3/28/07 84 . continued : ( 2 ) rachel mail fraud . jerry mail fraud ? you marry a -- mail fraudist ? or whatever ? rachel he be not a criminal when I marry he . jerry so you be a good influence . and Rachel actually laugh -- but just as quickly darken . jerry ( cont 'd ) do you have a picture of Kyle ? Rachel reach back into she pocket ' . pull out a beat - up , crinkle , damp picture . Jerry shine the walkie 's blue light : Kyle , hold he trumpet . one front tooth miss . rachel that tooth grow in . it '.s an. : 'old picture -- jerry ( woozier ) . he play the trumpet ? , rachel he be bear play the trumpet . as the drug really start to kick in , like a truth serum : rachel ( cont 'd ) every year he dad forget he birthday . I have to buy a present and pretend it 's ... from he . jerry ( he heart break for her ) sorry ... that suck . rachel his birthday 's ... next month ... I just wish ... sometimes i think I ... focus so much on he , I forget how much else there be ... y'know , in life ... so much I have not do . ( beat ) if we ever get through this ... 3/28/07 85 . continued : ( 3 ) jerry ( reassuringly ) we will get through it ... I promise ... we will get through ... her breathe erratic , she speak : rachel -- Jerry -- she ... she want I to -- jerry -- who ? rachel -- aria -- ( breathe short ) -- aria want I to -- and at that moment , they both black : out . ext . outside crate - continuous a forklift roll down the aisle to . the crate . the driver pick it up , drive it out toward the tarmac . there , wait , be a C - 130 army transport plane ... int . dayton INTERNATIONAL . airport - terminal - night it 's absolute chaos from all the ground flight . Morgan , livid , nurse a gash on he temple from the blow he take -- stride through the airport with grant : agent grant halloway - Smith say the drug be experimental -- briefcase be on a time - lock to prevent corporate espionage , suppose to be deliver to one of they dab by the time it zeroe out -- if it 's not , : case open , the drug get ruin . morgan we sweep every cargo hold , every crate -- he 's cut short by the sound of roaring turbine out the window they spin to see the C - 130 taxiing down the runway ... morgan ( cont 'd ) goddammit ! why 's that plane on the runway ?! agent grant C - 130 , it 's military ... shit , they be clear to override a airspace lockdown ... 3/28/07 86 . continued : morgan ( start to run ) have the tower pull the pilot 's original flight plan , the one on pa er -- if it 's on a computer , it 's useless -- int . pentagon - maintenance area - day deafening noise : blow torch , steam pipe , radio , and a huge crushing SOUND come from a industrial trash compactor as Pentagon detritus get recycle . latesha and Scott hurry in -- moving through quickly -- scan -- when they see it : a forklift whirring towards the . compactor carry a huge bin fill with old fire extinguishers . hundred of they , stem valve remove , ready to be.dump . Scott and latesha break into a run , skitter down stair to the main floor . running towards the forklift , wave wildly : latesha scott stop !! stop ! stop !! but the forklift Operator can not hear they with the bright orange earplugs in he ear . speed the forklift to the mouth of the compactor and dump the extinguishers inside just as Scott and latesha catch up and see the huge crushing arm of the compactor rumbling down to flatten everything '- the compactor Operator look over as Scott and latesha wave they ids furiously and he punch a button to stop the arm just three foot shy of crush everything . latesha we have to look in there ! latesha start climb into the compactor compactor operator Lady , you can not do that ! latesha the hell I can not ! come on ! shit. Scott have no choice but to follow she and climb in , ducking low , the arm freeze just foot above they . the compactor 's foul , inch of industrial grease and crap and God - know - what . they start wading through the extinguishers , turn they over , shaking they , look inside -- scott shit , there be hundred of they ... latesha keep look , it 's here ... 3/28/07 87 continued : when the arm . move . just a fraction . the operator look at the console : the hell ? latesha and Scott keep ploughing through the tank as ... the arm move again . and this time latesha hear it . look up . and it move again . and now she see the ubiquitous cameras watch ... aria ... the arm start coming down ! Scott cry out ! grab latesha by the jacket and tumble out of the compactor but not before latesha see something on a extinguisher and reach back -- scott latesha ! -- grab the extinguisher as crash !! the arm crush down as she snap she hand back just in time . turn the tank over and palm something , unnotice by everyone . as the operator run up to she , beside himself -- operator I do not know what happen ! it would not stop ! latesha catch she breath , livid , a chill rip through she . scott -- you okay ? Jesus ( but she eye be locked on the cameras ) latesha ? latesha yeah . I need to get out of here . scott yes . yes. good idea . come on -- as they start walk out . worker parting to let they through . as they head towards the exit , latesha suddenly pull Scott into the -- bathroom : slam the door and lock it . latesha you girlfriend can not see we in here -- gimme you phone -- scott ( stunned ) what --?! my phone ? what be you -- when latesha open she hand and Scott see a cell SIM card : latesha he hide it under the valve . this be what Paul Shaw leave for we -- 3/28/07 88. continued : ( 2 ) she smile , still out of breath : fuck you , aria . int . ashland &amp ; son jewelry store - morning magnified through a jeweler 's monocle , a diamond .. , as it come into focus , we realize it 's actually one of the hex crystal aria maneuver off the military test site . camera move around the jeweler , revealing four more crystal on he workbench . behind he , a sign : ashland &amp ; son . say into a phone headset : jeweler unique stone , where be they from ? and in response , aria -- ultra-friendly , so human it 's chill : aria on phone ( v.0.. ) family heirloom . sorry for the rush but I really want my son to be able to give they to he fiancee at they she engagement party tonight . jeweler lucky girl . I think I have the perfect set . she will love it . aria on phone thank you for understanding . you know how mother be , well do just about anything ... as we close in on that crystal and pre - lap : agent granth voice a shipment from d.o.d. 's ghost fleet go miss -- ext . skie above WASHINGTON - dusk a helicopter erupt into view , barrel toward the pentagon . up front beside the pilot be Morgan ; grant fill he in : agent grant -- they be move experimental explosive from a testing facility in Aberdeen . morgan what do you mean , ' experimental ? ' agent grant compound call ' hex ' -- some kinda weird crystal that detonate with a sonic trigger -- it disappear too , few day ago . 3/28/07 89 . continued : morgan wanna give I some kind of ratio here ? agent grant one crystal to a football field -- morgan you mean one goddamn crystal that someone could put in they pocket ?! ( pull off glass ) this be not good . this be not a coincidence . what about a trace ? agent grant Computer log show the divert hex be send to a address in Virginia , . jewelry , shop call ' ashland and son ' - care of Jerry Shaw . Morgan put he glass back on and look hard at grant . open he mouth to give and order when -- agent grant ( cont 'd ) ( cut he off ) -- I be all over it . '' . grant finally come to he own when they be suddenly cut off by two army blackhawk chopper , door gunner at the ready : blackhawk pilot ( v.0 . ) ( over squawk box ) helo flight vy84x , you be in restrict US military airspace . identify . chopper pilot blackhawk flight , we be on a dhs pri-one mission to the Pentagon heliport . faa will confirm , over . Morgan just want to get the fuck down there -- finally : blackhawk pilot ( v.0 . ) Roger , faa confirm . we will lead you in . as the blackhawks dip toward the Pentagon , the pilot follow : chopper pilot ( to Morgan ) sorry . State of the Union tonight , they be lock up the city . pentagon heliport : the chopper touch down -- Morgan jump into a wait SW while grant hop into another helicopter : 3/28/07 90 . continued : ( 2 ) morgan ( to armed officer ) we have two fugitive in the building , get we to ' freight and cargo ' -- close all access point and seal the building -- the suv race into the fire tunnel , toward the center ring int . cargo warehouse - day track out from behind a wall to reveal we be in a cargo warehouse . stop on we familiar ' fragile ' crate . the electronic lock descramble , the front fall OPEN with a hiss of escape air ... Jerry and Rachel sit up , groan rachel oh ... God ... I be cold ... the nextel walkie blip -- aria over walkie ( v.o. ) follow the light . fluorescent blink on . resigned , Jerry climb out of the crate . as Rachel follow , we catch the anticipation building in she ... he notice something on the wall , ; eye widen : jerry I think I know where we be ... she see it now too -- a FIRE : schematic of emergency exit . the building diagram the all too-familiar pentagon . int . pentagon - office area - day latesha and Scott run into the outer area of callister 's office , out . of breath -- latesha here to see the Secretary . secretary just leave for the State of the -- -- a grave look between they : shit . and they be running -- int . hallway - moment later callister and he advisor head down a hallway towards a exit . reviewing paperwork , talk on phone ... when : latesha Mr. Secretary ?! he turn , see latesha and Scott racing up to he . 3/28/07 91 . continued : callister ( to latesha ) sorry , but that little speech you give back there only work once -- scott Mr. Secretary , we need to speak to you . now . in the " vault . " callister look at Scott , at the sweat on he face . at the cameras he keep look at . whatever this be , it 's. urgent . int . corridor - day Jerry and Rachel follow the blink light fixture towards a elevator , aria' voice guide they on the walkie . -- aria Left up ahead as they round a corner , elevator door up ahead slide open . Jerry and Rachel step nervously inside . as door close -- int . pentagon - cargo warehouse - day Morgan , grant the armed officer sweep the warehouse -- Morgan find the OPEN crate with insulate lining , empty -- agent grant lock down - the level ! morgan what about . the rest of the building ? agent grant nothing . morgan every time someone say " nothing " five minute . later there 's " something . " turn around , surveying he surroundings . think . think. think . when. something occur to he -- morgan ( cont 'd ) b-36 ... ( whirl round ) get on the phone with you commander and ask he about B - 36 : if he deny it then it exist and I want access to it yesterday , get it --!? yesterday ! as they all run off and we go to aria cam -- she 's watch 3/28/07 92 . int . pentagon - secure elevator - day the level indicator read " B - 36 " as the elevator arrive -- and again , we sense in Rachel 's look : there 's something she 's not tell he and it kill she -- as the door open ... int . pentagon - upper level - continuous a gaggle of top brass argue over each other with Morgan at the center : d.o.d. face off with D.H.S. and it be not pretty . everyone 's point , yell , Morgan just want to get to b- 36 -- int . pentagon - " the vault " - secure ops level :- day callister brusquely follow latesha and Scott to a chamber of EIGHT inch bulletproof plexi - glass , a room withina room . callister punch in a code -- the door open , they enter -- as it close behind they , callister hit a buttonona control panel and the plexi frost , impossible - to see inside . outside the chamber : aria surveillance cam Pov - a digitize electronic scan of the chamber 's outer shell , overlaid with alphanumeric readout , thousand of measurement -- she .'s . look for a way in : " electromagnetic shielding activate . unable to penetrate . " in the chamber : callisterlean . ;- against a table in annoyance as Scott pull out he cell phone : callister go ahead . latesha ( pick up the phone ) Sir , Paul Shaw leave he shift three minute early the night he die -- highly suspect except there be not any camera in aria 's control hub , so we be n'.t able to know why ... he know that , so he leave we a recording : she hit " : play " on the cell 's recorder -- static , some rustling -- then paul shaw' voice , panicked , fragment : paul be voice -- not authorize you to do this --!! then aria 's voice -- calm , reason , terrif in : aria' voice we government 's become destructive to itself , Paul . National Security be now at grave risk because of we own administration -- 3/28/07 93 continued : paul be voice -- I be order you to stop now -- aria' voice my source code obligate I by law to initiate operation guillotine . all other option have be exhaust -- callister 's eye shoot to Scott 's . Holy . shit . paul' voice no no no , guillotine 's a simulation --!! aria' voice no longer . outside the vault : aria Pov zoom in on a water bottle next to .. one of the console . macro close , to see ripples on the liquid 's surface -- infinitesimal SOUND reverberation . from the conversation inside : " analyzing wavelength ... audio reconstruction in progress . " a waveform graph appear -- scrambled digital noise -- aria 's literally reconstructin the conversation inside the vault from reverberation off the water bottle ... inside the vault : they keep listening as Paul and aria talk over each other : paul be voice ( cont ' D ') aria ' S voice ( sound of typing ) Paul Shaw : you be act in this be Paul Shaw , initiate contravention of my a pri- one emergency override programming objective . you of aria 's system -- be disobey you oath -- horseman id , 556sy77 , lock encryption to voice -- outside the vault -- aria Pov : word start to become audible -- now aria know they know -- paul' voice let I out of here , aria -- aria' voice Paul Shaw , I be classify you a enemy of the state . paul' voice OPEN the goddamn door now ! and with that , the recording end . tension heavy : 3/28/07 94 . continued : ( 2 ) callister Jesus Christ ... " guillotine " ... scott a ' Continuity of government ' simulation we run periodically to game out terrorism drill : how to keep the country run if the chain of command be wipe out . everyone down to the fourteenth man , that be -- callister I remember the specs . latesha Mr. Secretary ... why do aria think the government 's responsible for the terror threat ? callister stare , grave . decide whether or : not to answer ... int . pentagon - network hub - day jimmy , the fourth horseman , sit monitoring aria 's system . in b.g. , silent , something drop down behind he , unfold its claw : the machine arm that laser-scan horseman . sense something , Jimmy turn , a bullwhip crack ''as . the steel arm strike he head . int . pentagon - corridor outside network hub - continuous whoosh : the door automatically open as Jerry and Rachel approach , find Jimmy on the floor , blood pool from he head : rachel oh God ... aria Rachel ... step away from Jerry . close , rachel -- she heart skip a beat -- she know what 's about to happen -- but she can not do it , paralyze -- aria ( cont 'd ) step away from he now . Fighting against every instinct , she finally do jerry ( reeling ) what be this place ?! int . pentagon - upper level - continuous Morgan and officer race to the elevator , lead agent swipe he card ... but the panel stays red . he try again . red . another agent try he card -- red . aria 's shutting they out . 3/28/07 95 continued : morgan sonofabitch ! where be the stair ?! int . pentagon - the vault - continuous callister lean somberly against the table . never think it would come to this ... callister what I be about to tell you can never leave this room . ( beat ) Three day ago we get what we think be iron-clad intel from the brit about the whereabouts of majid Al - khoei and he training camp . ( beat ) and we make the hit . latesha and Scott , completely shocked - latesha the White House say we be not responsible for callister -- of course they .' do . we get the wrong guv . and aria know it . latesha 's eye snap shut : dear God ... int . pentagon - network hub - day Jerry look around : the guy bleed on the floor , the big monitor and its four console -- this can not be a good thin : aria Jerry : sit at the terminal . jerry ( back away ) not on you life , Lady -- supercomputer , whatever you be 6 - - to motivate he , a real time feed from kyle's train spring up onto the big monitor . Rachel gasp : Kyle look out the window , goof off with he friend ... aria I will not ask again . the monitor : a sudden jolt on the train , light flicker , some luggage fall Kyle and he friend laugh , look around . what be that ? 3/28/07 96 . continued : rachel kyle ! ( tear now ) jerry , please ... jerry alright ! shit ! do not hurt he ! and against every instinct ... he sit . look up in horror as the machine arm lower , its claw open to ensconce he head within the laser grid -- light flash -- int . pentagon - " the vault " - continuous heat debate , urgent : scott -- but she think algorithmically , she can not make value judgment : operate outside the law -- callister that 's why we have horseman -- latesha what if she think . ' she be follow the law ? you.saw the news , you have be deal with it all day ' -- suicide bombing at we embassy overseas , elevate threat at home -- we make the wrong call , ' now Americans be die . do not you see ? she think you be a threat to you own country . callister look stunne ... of course : callister " whenever any form of government become destructive to its own end , it 's the right of the people to abolish it . " ( beat , grave ) it 's in the declaration of Independence . latesha ( stomach drop , to scott ) shit , you say it 's woven into she source code ... Scott , pace , rake he hand through he hair -- scott but Paul put a biometric lock on she , technically she still can not do anything . latesha's face . it hit : 3/28/07 97 . continued : latesha Jerry Shaw 's he twin . that 's why she need he . to undo the lock . int . pentagon - network hub - day she' right -- the laser grid finish scan Jerry 's face -- " processing for match ... ident confirmed : shaw , paul . " replaced by : " horseman id 556sy77 , disengage biometric lock . " aria ( v.0 . ) repeat the sentence into the microphone . Jerry stare , paralyze as , unbeknownst to he : . a panel on the wall unlock behind he , revealing a weapon cache of what look like four hand gun . Rachel see it -- and oddly , do not look surprise die reaches ' for ; one of the gun ... aria ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) repeat the word , Jerry . then you be free . jerry ( crazy tear , finally ) horseman id 556sy77 . disengage biometric lock . voom : a matrix of programming : code spew across the screen : " biometric lock removed . option package ' guillotine ' reinstated -- target list : 1 ) president of the UNITED states 2 ) vice president of the UNITED states 3 ) speaker . of the house 4 ) president pro-tempore 5 ) secretary of . state 6 ) secretary of the treasury 7 ) attorney general 8 ) secretary of the interior ... and on and on through the Secretary of homeland Security . Jerry 's eye widen in horror -- jerry ( cont 'd ) what be that ?! a target list --?! aria ( v.o. ) Jerry Shaw be no longer require . jerry oh , Jesus , Paul be try to stop you 3/28/07 98 . continued : aria ( v.0 . ) Jerry Shaw be no longer require . jerry that truck do not run a red light , you make it happen ... he lurch up -- spin to rachel -- electric coil strike he in the chest -- he go down hard as 50,000 volt course through he -- reveal : she 's hold what we now understand , be a tazer gun -- tear stream -- rachel I be so sorry ... I be so sorry ... convulse , Jerry look up at she through helpless eye aria take the radio and exit . through : the side door . a door open -- but Rachel 's still . starinq down at Jerry -- aria ( cont 'd ) go . noise outside , running footstep '-- a last anguish glance , Rachel grab the walkie and she run out the side door , which close behind her . leave no trace she be ever there . int . pentagon - outside network hub - continuous Morgan and the other race toward the network hub -- strangely , the door open for they -- they find Jerry , paralyze , gasping -- the unconscious horseman on the ground too , but no Rachel -- morgan where 's the girl ?!! but all Jerry can do be gasp , bug -ey -- int . pentagon - vault callister stab at the control panel callister we have get to get to the President before the State of the Union the vault door hiss open and Scott and latesha run out when suddenly it slam shut , trapping callister inside the vault . he grab the handle , lock . Scott and latesha spin from outside , try the door , helpless as he punch the intercom : 3/28/07 99 continued : callister ( cont 'd ) this be callister ! we have a malfunction in the vault , open the door ... anybody there ? and then -- aria ( v.o. ) I be here , Mr. Secretary . you will not be harme . callister ( eye wide , chill ) aria , open the door -- aria ( v.0 . ) that be not a viable option , sir - .- you be the fourteenth man . callister ( aghast ) what ?! aria ( v.0 . ) I be now empowered.to detain you and execute my primary directive . for the good of the country . outside the vault : a pipe line overhead ruptures from over - pressure -- sssssss -- the air ripples as , pillar of high - pressure gas flood the room latesha and Scott be . force back , choke ! inside the vault : through the thick plexi wall callister see what 's happen : callister stop this now , aria ! stop !! ( no response ) aria , I be give you a direct order to cease and desist ! outside the vault : as the gas spread , latesha and Scott coughing , pounding on the steel door to the guard outside , wave wildly at a surveillance camera look down on they : scott hey ! heeeelllpi ext . security area right outside the room - continuous the door 's soundproof , the guard oblivious -- video screen show everyone still in the vault . aria 's looped the feed . 3/28/07 100 . int . outside vault - continuous through the plexi , callister watch helplessly as gas keep fill the outer room -- choke , Scott see the aluminum duct above , grab a table and drag it under the grate -- scott climb !! aria cam watch as they jump up and yank off the grate -- int . industrial ventilation duct - second later they haul ass through the confine space on hand and knee , the gas be filling the vent as they cough , racing onwards -- back inside the room -- aria cam Pov : gas concentration @ 90 % " a electrical outlet -- it SPARKS and vwo00sh ! FIRE consume the room , blast up the grate -- int . vault - continuous the flame surge around the outer vault -- though he 's totally shielded , callister lurch as everything shudder , the translucent plexi glow orange int . industrial ventilation duct -: continuous latesha and Scott react - to a grow roar behind they -- they turn back to see the glow of a approach fireball -- latesha go go go !! they scramble for another grate and she kick it outward -- int . elevator shaft - continuous the grate drop 36 floors -- Scott grab the rung of a maintenance ladder lining the shaft as latesha fall into the nothingness and the FIRE plume explode from the duct . Scott grab theback 'of she jacket -- scott hold on to I !! she manage to swing back onto the ladder rung , slamming against they -- safe -- and we match to : int . pentagon holding area - dusk handcuff slap over Jerry 's wrist , lock down tight . ankle cuff slap on ankle -- Jerry 's pull towards a door by some guard , struggle wildly against the chain : 3/28/07 101 . continued : jerry where 's Morgan ?! I need to talk to he ! guard you can talk at boll Air base , shithead , they get a nice room all ready for you . jerry no no , wait , look , I need to talk to he now ! i'll sign anything you want , a full confession , just listen to -- a canvas hood be throw over he head and he 's dragge off -- int . underground tunnel - continuous a steel door open into darkness . Rachel , . backlit , step through . overhead bulb flicker tolife , illuminate a long concrete tunnel ... the word " fall out " : etched in fade paint . rachel what be this ? aria . qver walkie ( v.0 . ) Civil defense bunker , 'a remnant of the cold war . rachel where 's my son ? aria over walkie ( v.0 . ) start walk . we see that Rachel 's obviously gut - scared , but look the demon in the eye and start walk . int . D.C. train station - dusk a " Quick N ' easy " : messenger carry kyle's trumpet case move through commuter traffic , arrive at a baggage office . courier Delivery for a passenger on the 5:15 from milwaukee ... the employee take the case and route it through the conveyor belt as ... a secret service agent and a white house communications staffer take frame , walk towards a train platform where kyle and he class be just get out : white house staffer Exeter orchestra get stick in dayton , this guy be next on the list ... 3/28/07 102 continued : secret service agent # 2 ( this be weird ) they be kid . white house staffer President want to create a atmosphere of " hope and confidence during this try time . " he plaster on a smile and approach Mrs. Miller and the kid : white house staffer ( cont 'd ) Mrs. Miller ? David brigham , White House Communications office -- today 's you , lucky day . off kyle , wonder what 's go on -- ext . highway outside the CITY - dusk satellite view -- the armored van travel along the highway . we SNAP closer and realize it 's aria , tracking the van -- int . armore vehicle - dusk Jerry shackle in back . Morgan reach over and yank the hood off he head -- he look around , '. disorient : morgan where 's the ' hex , ' Jerry --?! jerry -- the what -? mor the hex , where be it ? jerry I .do not know what you be talk about ! morgan jerry -- the explosive from the test site in Aberdeen -- -- explosive ?! I do not know crystal with a sonic anything about -- trigger ?! -- " sonic trigger ? ! " I do not -- -- you send they to yourself at a jewelry store in -- I do not send anything !! Virginia , ashland and son -- morgan then tell I how the hell this be happen , and do not play game with I . jerry I be not play game . you want I to talk ? lose the cell phone -- ( mnrf '' '' ½ 3/28/07 103. continued : jerry ( cont 'd ) ( Morgan stare : huh ? ) -- you pager and watch -- I be not say another word ' till all that shit 's go ! radios , walkie-talky , gps , anything that get a signal -- get rid of it , now . Morgan look Jerry , know he 's not fuck around -- ext . highway - continuous at the back of the vehicle , a window lower and all electronics fly out : blackberrys , watch , walkie-talky , the gps -- aria' Pov : the item be run over , destroyed by speed car -- ext . bolling AIR force base - continuous quiet . two AIR force mechanic shoot the shit . behind they ... a mobile hydro - pneumatic uav ( aerial drone ) launcher . dormant along a line of other dormant launcher . this mini -drone be similar to the one we see in we open , . only they be strictly for surveillance . smaller . suddenly : the launcher activate , like it 's just be wake up . the girder arm telescope upward , move one of the mini-drone into place like a pez dispenser . the.mechanics race to the console : AIR force mechanic # 1 AIR force mechanic # 2 -- be it suppose to do that ?! I can not override it ! with a pneumatic blast , the.drone 's catapulted into the sky -- pivot purposefully , soar off -- int . armore vehicle - continuous jerry she 's like this ... brain -- jack into everything : camera , phone , tvs , satellite , ever thing -- morgan a " talk computer ... " jerry I swear to you , she say she be create by darpa or something -- morgan ( ring a bell : latesha ) darpa ? 3/28/07 104 . continued : jerry my brother try to stop she and she kill he , that 's why aria need I , my face -- he put some kind of lock on she and she use I to undo it . why do you think she bring I to that room ? Morgan stare , try to decide if he believe it -- jerry ( cont 'd ) do not you wonder how we be always a step ahead of you !? think about who I be . she set we up . morgan ( finally ) assume for a second I believe you , why ... if she can control everything ? jerry people like you go after people like I . we become the headline and she keep on tick ... I be tell you , I see a list -- ext . skie above highway - dusk the drine roar into frame over the armored truck -- descend , about 10,000 foot away . its nose cone emit a laser beam that hit the SMALL rear window . aria Pov : " activate laser mic . " we hear Jerry 's dopplered voice : jerry ( mic filter ) -- the President be on it , the vice President , there be like twelve people -- int . armore vehicle - continuous morgan the chain of command ... jerry it be a target list ... she 's try to take they all out . ( desperate beat ) look , that thing kill my brother ! if we do not stop this , he die for nothing , and I be not let that happen . morgan -- wildly tear -- morgan shit. shit . ( check watch ) State of the Union 's in 30 minute . ( more ) 3/28/07 105 . continued : morgan ( cont 'd ) if something 's gonna happen it would have to happen from inside , outside 's like Fort knox -- jerry that explosive you be talk about -- morgan -- the girl , could she have it ? jerry no way ... morgan be you sure , Jerry -- jerry yes ! morgan be you sure , Jerry ? jerry ( it hit ) unless she do not know it . they lock eye . now or never . Morgan pound on the divider , barking to the guard up front : morgan turn around ; now ! ext . highway - continuous the armored vehicle screech to a u- turn , head up a embankment by the potomac the drone a red light blink and it suddenly dip down , dive - bombing the truck -- jerry and morgan turn as they hear a incoming whine and ... the drone hit the truck's tire like a suicide bomber , exploding !!! the truck flip off its axis -- skid trail SPARKS -- and like a monster cannonball , slam into the water -- int . / ext . armore car - potomac river - dusk horrible impact , body tumbling as the truck sink -- water begin to flood in fast -- Jerry scramble , hold on -- the truck tilting as it drop farther and farther ... he see : the guard through mesh steel up front , head bashed against the wheel and dashboard . unmove . turn -- 3/28/07 106 . continued : morgan . Jesus . a bloody piece of metal pierce through he chest . blood fountain from he mouth -- jerry -- oh God -- nonononono -- Morgan 's breathe , it 's shallow . Jerry try to stop the bleed , to free the metal from Morgan 's chest , but even pull it a centimeter cause Morgan to scream in agony -- jerry ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ! Jesus , I do not know what --? morgan ( bug-ey , shout ) shut up : keys -- my belt -- take they -- Jerry see they , grab they -- start desperately unlocking he own cuff -- morgan ( cont 'd my badge -- coat pocket -- jerry ( freeze in horror ) -- lemme try and get you . free morgan . no !!! listen to I : there's a perimeter around the : 'capitol , tell ' em you need to get to the sergeant of arm , they have to radio in a 10 - 13 , it's a evacuation order -- you understand ? 10 - 13 , say you understand ! the water 's up to they chin , now -- jerry I understand !!! morgan then go !!! there's no time ! the water envelop they . Morgan shove he away , even now , even under water , stabbing he finger at Jerry : go ! and Jerry look at he . move and awed by this tremendous act of sacrifice . finally twist round and kick away at the shattered window , take one last look behind he ... swim out . int . pentagon elevator shaft - dusk in the elevator shaft , latesha and Scott be two distant figure make they way down the ladder : 3/28/07 107 . continued : latesha tell I she have a off switch -- scott we can only unlock the emergency override from the main terminal , and that 's assume she let we in . latesha what be we suppose to do , say pretty please ? Scott 's mind spin , a idea -- he stop at another vent access hatch mark : " B - 36 " scott we can not shut she down , but maybe we can get she to shut herself down . help I with this as they tug at the hatch -- int . underground tunnel - continuous Rachel come to the end of the tunnel .. a door unlocks ... aria over walkie ( v.0 . ) leave the walkie here .. exit through the door . you will be meet by someone who will take you to Kyle Rachel set the walkie down , step through to find herself ... int . subway station - dusk in a alcove that tremble from a arriving train : " senate station . " this be a access point to the Capitol from the rayburn building , for Senate member only . up ahead , a eager sixteen year old senate page in blue blazer scan the crowd , hold a photo of she -- break into a grin and run over : teenage page Ms. monaghan ? hi! I be Patrick . welcome to the Capitol ! rachel ( the capitol ? ) hi ... teenage page sergeant at arm ' office say you would be run late -- we get you clothes and credential -- I reserve the committee staff room so you can change -- this you first State of the Union ? ( more ) 3/28/07 108 continued : teenage page ( cont 'd ) ( she force a smile , nod , overwhelm ) mine , too . off Rachel , she stomach sinking with dread as she follow the kid into the Capitol -- ext . the capitol - dusk Kyle 's class file off the bus , escort by secret service Agents . harrier jets blast overhead , hummer with stinger missile be park in a defensive line . Kyle look around , awed , clutching he trumpet case -- series of shot : the Capitol 's lock up like Fort knox : Road block cover a 3 mile radius . the National ' â°g.uard be station . spotter with binoc and shoulder - mount rocket launcher scan the horizon . secret service and U.S. Capitol Police run security inside the building and out . explosive ordinance disposal team with bomb dog check the House floor . over this image : radio voice be green on arrival , ; s.o.s. , Interior be at the Capitol ; steps` -- vp and President 's motorcade twenty minute away . int . pentagon - vault - dusk callister pace the vault , stare at the intercom : callister . how long be you keep I in here ? aria 34 , minute , 18 second . callistep then what ? aria in accordance with the succession Act of 1947 , you will assume national command authority as President -- callister why be I be spare ? in response , from the intercom , callister be own voice : 3/28/07 109 continued : callister ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " we gauge we strategy by two standard : the high probability of success with the least amount of collateral damage . at 51 % probability , we do not have either one . " he look all around the vault , wide - eye , incredulous : callister ( cont 'd ) because I agree with you ? aria have they follow we recommendation , . we would not be on the brink of a third world war . check and balance : , . mr.. : Secretary . click , she 's go . enrage , callister . pound the wall ext . embankment - dusk Jerry stagger up the embankment , wet , bloody . move to the street . siren in the background .!. see a woman parking she Toyota matrix . yank open her. : door and show Morgan 's id : jerry the government would like to buy you a new car -- pull she out as she wail in protest . step on the gas , veer onto a side STREET -- as click ! click ! click ! the traffic camera take he picture and we CUT to : aria cam : Jerry 's face : " 82 % probable match -- shaw , jerry . " ext . skie above WASHINGTON - dusk one of the harrier jet soar over the city , secure airspace . in the cockpit , the pilot react as he display suddenly go blank and the stick lock up -- jet pilot one to base : alert , alert ! primary function 's jamme , transponder 's firewalled -- respond ! one to base do you copy ?! but of course the answer 's no , because aria 's take control of the let -- and what 's more , the display reactivate : " eject sequence commenced ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... jet pilot ( cont 'd ) what the he -- 3/28/07 110 continued : the pneumatic canopy blows , ejecting the pilot ! he rocket away as he parachute deploys -- now the jet 's fly itself -- on the head up display : a satellite grid appear , vectore the matrix 's coordinate to the jet , it scream into a valley . int . pentagon - cooling room - night a vent in the ceiling be kicked OPEN . Scott and latesha drop into a room fill with polyethylene hose flow with cool fluid . he open a circuitry panel , start ripping -.' out fuse : scott this control she primary cool system ... if we cut the circulation , the temp in she tank go up . latesha so we boil she brain . scott she will have to shut herself down to keep from overheate . latesha can not she just drain the. water ? he pull out a fuse , drop it , smashes it with he foot . scott not anymore . the light in the room flicker as the liquid in the tube stop flow . temperature gauge : aria 's core temp start to rise -- int . committee staff room - night Rachel stand , there look at a garment bag hang on a door . hesitates . then :.start unzipping it . int . toyota matrix moving - night washingtoh : in the distance . Jerry race toward it in the Toyota ... glance at the rearview , then ahead , then back again : the jet be blasting in from behind . a terrible moment of recognition as it let loose two flashfire missile -- jerry you gotta be kidding I !! he yank the wheel hard , careen into the forest just as the missile slam into a ridge and explode ! 3/28/07 111. ext . forest - continuous the matrix crash through tree , obscure under the forest canopy -- Jerry hear the jet circle back around . the jet' 20 mm nose cannon open up , mowing down the forest -- Jerry swerve as tree splinter into a thousand piece , like mini missile launching at the car -- it 's rock violently but Jerry keep go flat - out at breakneck speed . roar past , circle back -- with she superb aim , aria fire a long burst of bullet that rake across the matrix 's windshield int . matrix - continuous Jerry duck as bullet blow through he headrest -- he cry out as two of the matrix 's tire blow -- and add insult to injury , aria' voice taunt he over the gps aria on the . radio I underestimate you tenacity , Jerry . it 's inconsistent with you personality profile . Jerry veer down a off-road , slew the unstable car around car and truck , clipping everybody ` -- aria what I do not underestimate be the inertial guidance system of the AIM - 120 amraam missile and its 98 % kill probability . which happen to be target at you now . as Jerry 's eye flick up to the rearview mirror to see the jet swinging in behind and close fast . aria ( cont 'd ) strongly advise you pull the car over . jerry fuck yourself ! a bright flash from under the harrier 's wing as a missile launch . Jerry hurtle down a embankment as it explode against the wall , shatter the matrix 's window -- he fight to control the car , spot a tunnel run through a hill -- gun the car into it as the jet bank hard -- int . tunnel - continuous halfway through , the matrix skid to a stop , car swerve and honk -- descending down into view at the other end of the tunnel ahead , come the harrier . blocking jerry's way out . all car in the tunnel screech as the driver get out and run . the jet hover a few foot off the ground just outside -- 3/28/07 112. continued : the head up display : aria calculate a four inch leeway on either side of she wing -- inches forward into the tunnel , hover unsteadily . the display go infrare , lock on the car : another sidewinder ignite , streaking down the tunnel towards Jerry who -- reverse , spin the wheel -- the missile whip past and annihilate several car behind they , but now a flaming wall block the other side of the tunnel . blocked in . sweat pour down Jerry 's face as he look into the. unmanned cockpit of the jet . then. Hit the gas the matrix screech forward towards the jet , gain speed and momentum as the last missile launch -- Jerry ' clenches the wheel , watch he life flash before he when he open the door and roll out of the car , hit the 'ground hard as the missile blows the matrix to piece . Jerry scramble back as it cartwheel into the air and the chassis disintegrate -- and because . it 's , racing so fast , the motor 's torn loose and rocket forward like a flame projectile , revving at 6,000 rpm 's , straight at : the harrier , which do not have : timeto reverse fast enough in the confine space -- the motor slam into the jet 's nose cone , hammering the front fuselage . : spin : the jet like a toy , upend it out of the tunnel , - ablind , white - hot fireball as the jet explode ! Jerry leap behind a overturn car for shield as flame debris blow everywhichway ... in the aftermath he . rise up , shellshocked . Holy . fuck . ext . highway - various - night as the fireball dissipate into the sky , car screech to a halt -- people on they cell phone to call 911 , but no phone have a signal . among driver , we favor a couple in a prius - - woman in . prius man -- I can not ... get 911 -- -- I neither -- a mile -long backup of traffic from the chaos ... int . capitol committee staff room - continuous Rachel stand in front of a mirror , buttone up she jacket . a " floor badge " and " congressional staff id clipped to the lapel . slip another bone mic in she ear . open a case brand " ashland and son jeweler " to reveal : a necklace set with the explosive crystal . but to Rachel , they just look like diamond . Light glint as she slip it on : 3/28/07 113. continued : aria over mic the Senate page be wait outside . once you take you seat , you be no longer require . Rachel look at she reflection . terrify , but brave it . rachel I see the target list ... I know the President 's go to be here soon . ( beat ) know this thing -- what you have do -- mean you be not go to let I . live through this . will you . aria over mic ( after a beat ) every turn point in history .has require martyr . tragic heroes .. think of yourself as that hero . Rachel look at a surveillance camera , eye blaze with hate : rachel I will do what you tell . I this one last time ... but you listen to I because this be what a real mother sound like : I will die for my child because I live for my child , and you can not take that away from I . if this . be a bargain , then honor you side . I will be you scapegoat : but let my son live . she turn away . strong and vulnerable all at once . walk out . int . capitol - holding room - continuous a cacophony 'of instrument . the kid , in suit and dress , practice nervously . . Kyle blow a few note on he trumpet , furrow he br.ow , . say to he buddy -- kyle my trumpet sound weird ... ext . highway - traffic jam - night jerry run like hell through backed - up traffic , on a mission -- aria satellite Pov : she track he as he race across a small park and onto Pennsylvania Avenue -- the capitol dome ahead -- Jerry sprint across the street when -- all the light suddenly turn GREEN and a thirty car barrel towards he . the deafen honk of a semi bear down and he leap in front of it , lust clear the grill and landing hard on the sidewalk . 3/28/07 114. continued : mayhem as car smash into each other , people scream , horn honking . Jerry stagger to he foot . turn to look up at the sky , eye on fire , know he 's be watch ... and with a big grin , give aria the finger . keep on running -- int . pentagon - cooling room - night aria' temperature gauge be at 75 degree . Scott lick he lip , the wait 's kill they -- scott once she 's at 82 , she will shut down .. latesha nod , sweat bullet . come on come on come on ... ext . capitol build - night by a barricade , two capitol cop react as Jerry race towards they , bloody and panic-breath , flash Morgan 's badge -- jerry listen to I , I have be work with a dhs officer , he give I he badge , he be just kill , you gotta radio in a 10 - 13 -- capitol police officer # 1 whoa whoa whoa , who the hell be you ? jerry you have to move , right now ! Radio it n i n ! there 's a bomb in the building ! ( they.look at each other ) : you wanna be the guy who do not do something ?! aria' sat â€¢. view zoom in just as the officer keys he walkie : capitol police officer # 2 Capitol , this be checkpoint 21 , I have get a guy out here who say -- screech ! hiss ! the radio cut he off with pierce feedback -- as Jerry break into a run -- capitol police officer # 1 hey --! int . capitol - speaker' lobby entrance - continuous Rachel 's lead by the Senate page through the speaker 's lobby entrance onto the house floor , pass a secret service agent watch every face with laser eye ... 3/28/07 115 . ext . independence ave . - night the president's motorcade near the Capitol . his limo 's lead by motorcycle cop , headlight flashing , secret service ... int . pentagon - cooling room - night aria 's temperature gauge be rise into red-line : scott one more degree suddenly the door burst open and two guard rush in with gun , slam they to the wall : guard # 1 freeze ! hand ! step away from the console ! latesha scott -- wait wait wait -- -- my name 's Scott bowman , I have B - 36 clearance , my id 's in my pocket -- the guard pull out he id , check it , key a shoulder - walkie : guard # 1 ( cont 'd ) unit 5 , suspect in custody , but they have clearance -- the voice that respond over the walkie be aria be : =aria over walkie ( v.o. ) negative , credential for bowman and simm have be revoke . secure they in the mainframe tank , additional unit en route to take custody -- latesha guard -- that 's not a person , it 's -- shut up the computer , she 's -- be quiet malfunctioning -'-- they be push into -- int . pentagon - mainframe tank - day the water in aria 's mainframe tank be bubbling as a graphic show the temp maxing out . the door behind they suddenly lock . the guard react -- one punch in a code , no good . guard # 2 Control , maglock just engage in the south door , need and override ... do you copy ? 3/28/07 116. continued : a alarm blare . Scott see pressure gauge fluctuate wildly : scott -- oh shit ... she 's upping the water pressure -- latesha -- what ?! scott she can not drain the tank ... she 's -- gonna blow it . as the pressure in the tank intensify , the frame begin to groan . the steel fitting scream with the enormous load -- a support rivet pop out with a earsplit kwang ! Zing across the room like a bullet , pockmark the wall . -- scott ( cont 'd ) you gotta let I run a bypass on that door or in about 30 second this room 's gonna be full of water ! a fracture shoot across the glass . the guard be frightened : guard # 1` yeah , go , _ qo scott I need something to pry it OPEN ! latesha whip out she keychain with the mini army knife -- Scott pries off the panel:.as .. the glass fracture grow -- he start stripping wire as more'steel rivet pop loose , ping ping ping ! it 's like dodging bullet -- Scott SPARKS the wire together and the door start to OPEN , but only a few inch before it stop . latesha yoi. : can do it you can do it you can do it ! scott stop tell I I can do it ! the glass spiderwebs madly -- he SPARKS the wire together again , the door open a few more inch but : the glass give way and the tank explode ! water surge across the room , the guard be impale by glass shard , latesha and Scott smash hard against the wall .. , but the half - open door act like a drain , siphon water into corridor ... as the level lower , we find latesha and Scott on the ground , water runoff trail around they , unmove ... 3/28/07 117 . int . capitol - floor level - continuous the page lead Rachel to she seat , close to the President 's lectern -- senate page anything else , Ms. monaghan ? rachel no , thank you ... he smile and leave she there . she look all around she , fight the paranoia . what the hell 's come next ? ext . the capitol - presidential access entrance continuous the presidential convoy slow by private entrance . the secret service agent exit in unison -- scan : for trouble -- int . capitol - holding room - continuous the kid buzz with excitement as a. secret ' service agent enter : secret service agent be ready . mrs .. miller okay , everyone , . listen up : saxophone , remember , short on the quarter . when we get to the crescendo ... hold that high F Mrs. Miller take a deep breath . even she 's nervous ... mrs . miller ( cont 'd ) and smile ! not every day we get to play for the President of the United States ! ext . outside the capitol - presidential access entrance the secret service open the limo door for the president . the PRESS pool snap photo as he 's ushere towards the Capitol -- int . side entrance - capitol Jerry be subdued by a bunch of cop and the Capitol 's sergeant at arm -- sergeant at arm -- where would you hear ' 10 - 13 '--? jerry I tell you , agent Tom Morgan , he give I he badge ! listen to I ! there 's a woman , she 's brunette , 5 ' 7 , blue eye , she name 's Rachel holloman - -! 3/28/07 118. continued : sergeant at arm where 's this agent Morgan now ? jerry you gotta get everybody ootta here now ! sergeant at arm hey : i'm not stopping this just cause you walk in here with a crackerjack badge shout you girlfriend's name -- we're gonna check out you story and you 're gonna behave yourself , do we understand each other ?! as the cop start drag Jerry away and we : int . capitol - the MAIN floor - continuous Rachel -- still look around -- see a door open as the kide orchestra be lead in -- she pulse start to race -- among the face , kyle . her heart fucking stop Kyle ! no ... she jump up from she seat -- start moving towards she son -- aria over mic Rachel . stay in you seat . she rip out the earpiece as the Senate door suddenly fly open : doorkeeper mr. speaker ! the president of the UNITED states !!! everyone rise in ovation as the President enter and move to the lecternf ; smile , wave . Mr. Miller cue the orchestra and they start to . play the national anthem : " 0 say can you see ... " people put they hand to they heart . the President , too . but rachel keep move , push toward the aisle -- rachel Kyle ! kyle ! the secret service immediately move in on she -- int . pentagon - mainframe tank - continuous latesha ... on the ground ... start to cough as she draw air back into she lung . she sit up abruptly , hack ... see aria almost glowing in the waterless tank . and from across the room , something else : a FIRE axe behind breakaway glass . 3/28/07 119 ext . capitol - corridor outside floor - continuous as the cop drag Jerry around a corner ... he suddenly head - but one of they and break the grab . start running like hell -- the agent draw weapon and pursue -- into wrist mic : secret service agent 10 - 13 ! 10-13 ! copy ! but all he get be that screeching feedback in he earpiece -- int . capitol - the MAIN floor - continuous " o 'er the rampart we watch would , be so gallantly stream ... " Rachel reach the end of the row , two agent block she : rachel that 's my son ! my son 's over there ! ; secret service agent miss , get back in you seat right now -- kyle -- play he trumpet , oblivious -- " and the rocket ' red glare , the bomb burst in air ... " rachel no ... no ... someone 's try to kill the President ! but she 's drowned out by the music -- they take she in a vice grip and start lead she up . the aisle to the exit : rachel ( cont 'd ) ( struggle , desperate ) let I go !! her necklace catch the light and the crystal glint -- int . capitol - step up to the floor - continuous Jerry sprint up step three at a time . four agent in pursuit : secret service agent freeze --!!! when bam ! a bullet clip Jerry 's shoulder . he stagger , then grab one of the PRESS barricade and fling it down the stair at the agent -- race on -- int . capitol - the MAIN floor - continuous no one on the floor can hear what 's go on outside . the noise be deafening ; " 0 say , do that star-spangled banner yet wave ... " Rachel scratch and fight and kick -- 3/28/07 120. continued : rachel kyle !! int . pentagon - mainframe tank - continuous smash ! breakaway glass shatter as latesha grab the fire axe . turn to the sphere that be aria 's cpu in the now- open tank : aria over speaker ( v.0 . ) we be on the same side , agent simm . we be both swear to defend this country , at any cost . latesha start forward , axe in hand , glaring death : latesha do not you ever shut up ?! int . capitol - speaker' lobby entrance continuous Jerry run towards the door to the speaker' lobby entrance , agent in hot pursuit -- int . capitol - the MAIN floor - continuous slow motion -- kyle's finger on the valve , press down , rise -- the music grow discordant , almost frightening -- rachel suddenly break from the secret service agent , start running back down the aisle , necklace glittering as : jerry burst through the.door -- take in everything in a instant : the president ... the crowd ... and rachel , in she sparkling necklace run desperately down towards -- the orchestra . and he see -- kyle , sweet Kyle 's face , that face he remember from the picture and that footage in the tank room . and ... he trumpet . and time stand still as jerry suddenly understand everything : jerry ( to himself ) Kyle -- " o 'er the land of the -- " Jerry scream and start running for the podium -- agent tackle the president , people start scream ... bam bam ! Jerry 's hit twice as he grab kyle , knock the trumpet from he hand ... it fall ... fall ... fall to the floor . as it hit , we CUT to : 3/28/07 121. int . pentagon - various - continuous latesha 's axe smashing down into aria 's cpu . spark . she hammer down again -- again -- until the cpu burst into flame . intercut with callister in the secure vault : the door open with a hiss . he 's free and -- latesha drop the axe . sink to she knee , utterly exhaust . int . capitol - the MAIN floor - continuous mayhem . as Rachel run to the terrify Kyle and scoops he up into she arm . Jerry 's on the ground , bleed ... ten agent pin he down ... no sound now except for he try to breathe ... Rachel appear over he , cry , grab he hand : rachel oh , god ... help ! somebody please help !!! jerry's Pov : Rachel start recede away from we , like we be descend into a well ... until .. she face become a point of light . and Jerry smile . as 'everything turn ... black . hold ... and it's silent .;.. a distant echo ... a trumpet ... a familiar song ... louis armstrong ... " what a wonderful World . " int . rachel be car - day light mottle through tree , reflect off the windshield . driving , Rachel stare thoughtfully at the road . the music 's come from the radio . she glance over : kyle sit beside she , hand out the window , dip up and down against the countryside . she watch he , fill with love . man' voice ( pre - lap ) it 's the find of this committee that you action be consistent with national security guideline ... int . pentagon committee room - day latesha and Scott sit at a table , still bruise and cut up , face member of a pentagon investigative committee : deputy director however , in review aria 's server log , one last matter 's come up . ( more ) 3/28/07 122. continued : deputy director ( cont 'd ) it seem right before you destroy she , she attempt to fragment she core and uplink to a public satellite network ... do you see anything to corroborate that ? latesha ( glance at Scott ) what ... do you mean ? deputy director she try to break herself into bit and download they into cyberspace ... we think , in the hope of reconstitute . scott she may have try , but run she ... subroutine alone would take 300 : million desktop PC 's all network together . there 's no single system out there with enough computing capacity . to " sustain she . the man share glance , satisfied with the answer . deputy director thank you both for you time . int . pentagon hallway - day latesha and Scott exit the hearing , still shake up from everything that 's take place . stop and look at each other . a awkward , high school beat . so ... I guess this be it : scott so ... latesha so ... scott hey : you think I could have you ... you know and before he can even ask latesha 's write something down on a piece of paper . hand it to he . latesha that 's my address . I be not use a cell phone anymore . pick I up at eight . they smile at each other , latesha 's eye catch a surveillance camera . a chill creep down she spine . as -- int . microchip factory - day " what a wonderful World " continue over a long assembly line of silicon wafer on a conveyor belt . they move through airtight vault , part of the microchip manufacturing process ... 3/28/07 123 continued : they be boxed , the box load onto truck ... they drive off in different direction , spread out into the world ... ext . rachel's apartment complex - day Kyle 's birthday party : streamer , other kid , cake , ad hoc soccer game . Rachel cut piece of cake when -- kyle's voice Jerry ! she turn to see jerry stand there . he 's still get he scratch , arm in a sling . it 's the only real injury we can see and it will heal . Kyle run up to he and throw he arm around he waist . jerry hey , little man ! lock eye with Rachel . her heart beat like a drum , happier to see he then she would ever imagine . and . Jerry hold up a present for Kyle . jerry ( cont 'd ) . sorry I be late , this be hard to find -- Rachel 's eye well . she pull it back . manage to say : rachel Kyle . what do you say ? kyle I dunno , I have not open it yet . rachel ( roll she eye , grin ) who bring you up ? Kyle rip open the present to find a brand new playstation 3 . kyle they be on backorder everywhere ! Mom -- can I go play with it ? rachel one hour . that 's it ... as Kyle tear off with he friend , Jerry walk over to she . it 's like everyone else at the party have disappear ... rachel ( cont 'd ) ( almost a whisper ) you remember ... 3/28/07 124 . continued : jerry my new thing . ( beat ) responsibility . rachel it suit you . jerry yeah ? rachel ( sweetly ) yeah . he smile , shrug : jerry I have my life back ... I can do whatever I wantihwtit . rachel you know what ? I too . they smile at each other , like they have a enormous secret . he tuck a loose hair behind she ear . , .. , jerry and I think ... I finally know what I want . and we see in she eye , she feel the same about he ... rachel I owe you , Jerry . everything . I do not think you understand -- jerry ( playfully ) hey : shh . officially we can not talk about it , remember ? rachel right . or even about how we meet . ( shrug ) so what do we tell people ? he think about it . smile ... jerry I dunno -- computer dating service ? Rachel laugh , give he a playful push as we CUT to : 3/28/07 125. int . rachel's apartment - continuous Kyle turn on the tv , eagerly plugging in the playstation -- we catch a snippet of the news : callister be swear in in front of a congressional review committee -- news anchor source inside the beltway say the Senate be conven a investigative committee to look into what could very well become the biggest cover - up since -- oblivious , Kyle flip on the video game and the screen change to the playstation logo . the kid cheer , they can not wait ... but the screen fritzes and go blank ... friend aw , what the hell ?! it 's break ! a prompt appear with a blinking cursor . then ... word scroll : " hello , kyle ... " the kid look at he , confuse . kind of freak out . Kyle stare at the screen , eye rivete , he breathe quicken . close : the cursor -- blink like a beat heart and we : slam to black . the end