not easily broken screenplay by Brian Bird base on the novel by t.d. jake writer 's first draft May 15 , 2006 the screen be fill with a heavenly white glow as we begin hearing some love anthem -- something along the line of like whitney Houston 's '' I believe in I and you . '' fade in : ext . emmanuel fellowship church - establishing - day ( 1994 ) and the white glow become blue sky , and we find the tip of a church steeple reach to heaven . and as we widen we see that it 's attach to a small , white clapboard church somewhere in the suburb of a big city . a sign out front tell we where we be and the late- model car park out front tell we when : the early 1990 . and as the camera continue its move , we settle on a white rose in the f.g . dissolve to : int . emmanuel fellowship church - sanctuary - day ( 1994 ) which become a entire bouquet of white rose . and then the camera will carry we to soft close ups of a wedding ceremony in progress : sunlight stream in a stain glass window and point to a ornate cross on a church wall . the lapel of a tuxedo jacket , adorn with a tie make of a colorful African fabric . the beautiful train of a wedding gown surround by white rise petal on the red carpet . two black hand , one soft and feminine , and one masculine and athletic lighting a unity candle . a open Bible in a strong black minister 's hand . a handkerchief wiping tear from old black eye in the audience . a glisten diamond ring be slip by the masculine hand onto a soft , feminine finger . two pair of moist lip meet in a passionate kiss . as the song end , we ’1ll widen from the kiss to reveal handsome , sturdily - build , tuxedoe dave johnson , probably 25 , embrace he gorgeous , not-much - young bride , clarice clark - johnson . and as they hold they kiss for what seem like too long , we see that we be in a nicely appoint sanctuary fill with happy , mostly black wedding guest . ( continued ) continued : the fade hairstyle on the man and anita Baker bob on the woman date we to the early 1990 . another angle they be all preside over by larger - than - life bishop wilk , dress in ministerial robe with colorful afrocentric accent . he tap Dave on the shoulder . bishop wilk how about save some for the honeymoon , brother ? Dave and clarice break they clutch , slightly embarrassed , and the audience erupt in laughter and a few hoot and hollas from some of the man , include handsome , young best man brock houseman , the lone caucasian member of the wedding party . and he 's the get a all - business - up - front- party - in - back mullett go for he , which put he right out of college , and not yet quite legit . Dave and clarice now turn to face the Bishop . he smile at they broadly and hold up he Bible again . bishop wilk ( cont 'd ) Dave ... clarice , before I present you as husband and wife , there 's one last lesson I want to leave with you as you begin you life together . a wise king name Solomon once say this : ( read from Bible ) '' it be better to have a partner than go through life alone . share the work , share the wealth , for if one fall down , the other be there to pick he up . but pity the man who fall and have no one by he side . and in bed , two can warm each other at night . but one alone , shiver all night long . by yourself , you be unprotect . but with a partner you can face the worst the world have to offer . but even better be a cord of three strand because it be not easily break . '' ( beat , close he Bible ) my brother , my sister ... I 'il be honest with you . life be gonna do its best to beat you up . and it 's hard to keep the good in a good marriage when bad thing happen . ( continued ) continued : the Bishop then retrieve a gold - color , braid cord , and place one end around Dave 's shoulder and then drape the other end around clarice 's shoulder . bishop wilk ( cont 'd ) this be a three - strand cord . the two of you represent the first two strand , but God represent the third . and as long as you stay close to God and his family , I promise you marriage will be a three - strand cord that nothing in this world can break . and as Dave and clarice nod that they understand the admonition , we will find clarice 's 50 - something , very strong - will mother , mary clark , or mama as we will come to know she , sit all by herself in the front row . and she 's watch this proceedings with uncertain , skeptical eye . and we will prelap the smooth sound of black wedding dj and the end of some R & B number like '' ain ’t no way . '' dj ( v.0 . ) all right , give it up for sister aretha . dissolve to : int . emmanuel fellowship church - reception hall - day ( 1994 ) the place have be decorate for a wedding reception . tables , linen , disco ball and rotund dj with he sound system set up in front of a dance floor pack with guest , include Bishop wilk , who be mixing it up with he wife . dj step aside , peep . dj supersize comin’ at you now with a special dance request . the wedding guest begin clear the dance floor . dj ( cont 'd ) time for the bride 's own mama , Mrs. Mary Clark , to step on the floor with she new son-in- law . mama smile coyly as she take to the floor . ( continued ) continued : dj cont 'd ) ( suggestively ) Lord have mercy , Mrs. Clark . could you be my mama ... ' cuz I love the way you cookin’ tonight . which draw hoot and howl from across the hall . she wave he off with mock humility . closer angle at the edge of the crowd , Dave be stand with he new bride and he best man Brock , with whom he trade a hesitant look . dave oh , damn . clarice ( roll she eye ) please . she be not gonna bite you . Dave start move sheepishly out onto the floor . Brock call after he and do he best vanilla Ice impression . brock I get you back , dawg . clarice elbow Brock in the rib as Dave join mama to the applause of the wedding guest . dj this one go out to all you mama . from my man , babyface . mama plaster on a smile and put she arm around Dave 's neck . he put he hand appropriately around she waist , as the dj throw the switch on a tune like '' song for my mama . '' and they dance together for a long moment as clarice and some of she bridesmaid watch , they emotion brim over the beautiful scene . closer angle mama pull in close and begin to talk in hushed tone to Dave , she manufacture smile never leave she face . mama welcome to the family , baby . dave thank you , Mrs. Clark . ( continued ) continued : mama ( admonishingly ) Boy , I know you do not just call I '' Mrs. Clark . '' I expect you to call I '' mama . '' just like I expect you and my reesie at my house every week for Sunday dinner . dave ( take aback ) yes , mar ’am . mama just like I expect you to learn how to hold a job , keep food on the table , and stay away from all they ghetto- pass -carryin’ , crack - dealin’ street hustler you use to run with . I do not care if you do graduate from college , I will not see my baby girl have anything less than the life she deserve . dave no , mar ’am . mama and one more thing . you a man , so you probably can not help yourself , but if I ever catch you puttin’ you eye on some little miss thang who be not my daughter , I will personally come over there like Jesus and pluck they out . be you feelin’ I ? a shell - shocked Dave look at she for a long moment . there 's a lot he would like to say , but he think better of it . dave I feel you . mama 's smile say that 's exactly how she want it to be . just then , clarice tap she mother on the shoulder . clarice my turn , mama . mama yes , it be , baby . ( patting Dave on cheek ) this boy and I gonna get along just fine . ( continued ) continued : and with that , mama move off into the crowd . as clarice and Dave begin to dance , the dj transition we into lionel richie 's '' three time a lady . '' clarice notice that Dave be a little shake by he encounter with mama . clarice I know mama can come on a little strong . dave more like a mack truck . clarice she just want the best for I . dave I know . clarice ( smile seductively ) but she be not comin’ where we goin’ tonight . which quickly snap Dave out of he funk . dave do I mention how good you look in that dress ? clarice yes . but do you know how good I be gonna look out of it ? dave ( eye heaven gratefully ) thank you , Jesus . and as they share a expectation of intimacy that only a new groom and bride can share , clarice will pull Dave into a kiss . and suddenly , it will be as if they be all alone in the world , with space and time spinning around they . and we will begin to hear Dave 's remembering voice as the song continue to play . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when I be grow up on my granny 's knee , we be poor as church mouse . scratch that . the church mouse be the rich one . we be the church rat . but it do not matter because granny raise I to know right from wrong . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and before she pass on , God rest she soul , she work she finger to the bone makin 's sure I could get out the hood , makin 's sure I could be a college boy . and she be the only woman I ever worshipped until the day I meet a young lady in college who could make halle Berry want to eat she heart out . dissolve to : photo album montage : a ) dave in he college basketball uniform . B ) clarice in her college cheerlead outfit . dave v.o. ) clarice be the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eye on . and together we be goin’ place in this world . someday , she be gonna be the Donald trump of Dallas , and I be gonna coach longhorn basketball . this be a lady a brother would go to war for . a lady a man could pledge to be faithful to , and yes , to keep he eye from get pluck out for . C ) clarice showing her engagement ring to her gal - pal . D ) clarice and dave in there wedding attire posed with bishop wilk at the front of the sanctuary . dave ( v.o. ) as Bishop wilk , my childhood pastor , have say ... she be a woman to have and to hold , and to cherish until you breathe you last . E ) dave and clarice drive off in the back seat of a limo with the '' just married '' hanging off the back end . F ) dave and clarice toasting champagne glass on the deck of a cruise ship . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and that 's exactly what I do . on we wedding night , it be I , clarice and a little bit of heaven . and we do not come up for air for two day . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) with all you hope and plan and dream right out in front of you like that , the honeymoon can last forever . G ) dave and clarice posing in front a '' just sold '' real estate sign in front of a SMALL bungalow -- there first home . h ) dave and clarice sitting at the sunday dinner table with mama in her house . and we all push in on daver forced smile . dissolve to : int . dave 's panel van - day - traveling ( present day ) we be still close on Dave , only now he look a dozen year older in a work shirt that mark he as work class . a few more worry line around the eye . a few gray hair dusting he temple . and somehow '' three time a lady '' never quit play . in fact we be now hearing it on the car radio . but as Dave drive along , he be deep in think . on the other side of the boulevard , a Police cruiser zoom past , its siren wailing , pull Dave out of he thought . he inadvertently flip the radio dial to a newstalk station . dave ( v.o . ) but just like the Bishop say , life have a way of knock the hell out of you . we ’1ll pull outside the van far enough to read the sign on the side of he truck . '' all - pro janitorial & carpet cleaning . '' CUT to : ext . johnson house - establishing - day - later Dave 's van pull into the driveway of a nice , upper middle - class home in a neighborhood full of similar home . ( this be not the starter home we see they buy , but a step up into the suburb ) . a recent model cadillac V - Series be already sit in the driveway , with one of that magnetic sign plaster on the door : '' hasting properties & real estate . '' ext . johnson house - kitchen - day - moment later clarice , still look as girlishly trim and put-together as she do on she wedding day , be nosh on a salad at a sit - up bar in the well - appoint kitchen while read House beautiful magazine . she 's dress smartly in a sexy blouse and skirt as Dave enter . he brighten when he see she . ( continued ) continued : dave damn , girl . all that curve and I with no brake . clarice hey , baby . Dave cross over , move in for a kiss . but she turn she cheek to he . clarice ( cont 'd ) sorry . I just touch up my face . Dave shrug it off . give she a peck on the cheek . clarice ( cont 'd ) how be you day ? Dave open the fridge , and pop the top on a bottle of beer . dave I have to do the bank building myself because two of my boy call in sick . I tell you , reesie , why I let you talk I into start my own business I be still try to figure out . clarice ( slightly irritate ) baby , we be over all this . coach jv football be not puttin’ we in this zip code . you just get to do a better job of hire the right people . Dave have hear this lecture before and clarice can see he 's tired of it . she soften she approach . clarice ( cont 'd ) besides , you think I want my big , strong chocolate kiss waxin’ floor for a livin 's ? I want you in the executive suite where you deserve to be . Dave give she a reluctant smile . the sweet work . dave I know , boo . he come around behind she . start massage she shoulder . ( continued ) 10 . continued : dave ( cont 'd ) whaddya say we forget all that nonsense tonight and get we little quality time ? she melt a little at he touch , but remember she job . clarice oh , that sound so good . but I get to show house tonight . dave what about tomorrow ? clarice that 's no good either . it 's my real estate board dinner . you promise to sit with mama while I sit up at the main table , remember ? dave ( blanching at reminder ) oh , shit , that 's right . clarice ( look at he askance ) I know I do not hear you cussin’ in this house about mama . clarice put on she colorful real - estate blazer . clarice ( cont 'd ) I tell you what . if you show mama a nice time , somebody gonna get he freak on Saturday night . she nibble on he ear a little . Dave 's jelly . clarice know it . right where she want he . clarice ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l even throw in one of that lacy number that get you all weak in the knee . Dave look she in the eye , hopefully . dave maybe we could also ... you know ... talk about the future . clarice let 's not go there , baby . you know I be not ready for that . ( continued ) 11 . continued : she give he another peck on the cheek and exit . his countenance fall as he watch she go . CUT to : ext . downtown condominium highrise - establishing - night as we swoop down over Dallas after dark , it 's all glass and prism of light , especially in the priciest piece of real estate in town , the 40 - story trinity View condo building . int . brock houseman 's downtown condo - night we be close on the timer of fancy blender whose jar contain water and some kind of protein powder . the timer hit 6:15 p.m. and the machine suddenly whir to life , blend up its content into some kind of green health drink . and we will widen to see that we be in a gourmet kitchen in very upscale bachelor condo with skyrise view on three side . the place look like a bang & olufsen store throw up -- leather furniture , modern art , giant plasma screen tv on the wall and all the digital trapping . at that moment , the front door open and Brock houseman enter , look as fit and handsome as ever , he college - boy mullett replace with close - cropped George clooney hair . he throw off he expensive suit coat and loosen a tie as he cross over to he telephone on the kitchen counter . he punch in a phone number , then he voice - mail code , and put the phone to he ear as he pour he smoothie into a glass and begin chugge as he listen . computer voice ( over phone ) four new message ... he punch a key to listen . female voice # 1 ( over phone ) ( flirty and sexy ) hey , cowboy , it 's vickie . it 's be too long since the last time we hook up . I get the hot tub heating up in case you be lonely tonight . Brock gulp weakly and steel he courage . brock stay strong , bro . ( continued ) 12 . continued : he push a key and we hear the erase tone . then the next message begin to play . older female voice ( over phone ) hi , sweetie pie , this be Mom . be you get my message ? something must be wrong with you system . anyway , my friend Sophie have this really lovely niece who sing in the church choir and you will not believe what she do for a live -- she 's a professional bowler . be not that fun ? anyway , I think maybe I could have the two of you over for dinner Friday and -- Brock sigh and punch to erase the message . brock sorry , Mom , I be have my finger nail rip out that night . and then yet one more feminine voice come on the line . female voice ( over phone ) hi , Brock ... this be partygirl 229 remember I from single chat-dot - com ? I get you number from surferdude 102 who it get it froma friend of he who know how to track people down . I be think we could meet for drink and -- Brock punch the erase button , look at the phone horrify . brock okay , now I be officially scared . finally a voice he want to hear come on the line . dave ( over phone ) yo , B , it 's Dave . reesie 's work tonight . if you lawyer ass be not too busy , what do you say we get we hoop on ? holler back at I . Brock smile , relieved , as he hang up the phone . brock ( like a black guy ) now that 's what I be talk about . CUT to : 13. ext . all saint hospital - establishing - night we be high and wide on a impose downtown hospital with heavy Catholic influence on the facade . as we push in , we find a ambulance park at the emergency entrance . and just at that moment , its siren and light come on and it peel away from the hospital on its way to only God know where . int . all saint hospital - p.t. clinic - night we be close on a bare leg with a fresh surgical scar at the knee joint engage in a knee -extension exercise , and widen to see a older male patient painfully raise he leg as a pretty , perky physical therapist in she early 30 coaches he through it . she be not a stone fox , but meg Ryan sexy -- despite the perspiration on she brow and the fatigue of a long shift in a busy pt clinic julie just a few more , Jerry . before you know it , you will have that new bionic knee out on the dance floor . older male patient it hurt like hell . ( mischievous smile ) maybe you could kiss it and make it better . julie ( roll eye , teasingly ) behave yourself . she call to a pass pt assistant . julie ( cont 'd ) Electrical stim , then ice for mister hound Dog here . ( smile at Jerry ) on second think , no stimulation . he 's already have enough of that . Julie trade another smile and a wink with Leonard as the pt Assistant take over for she . another angle track Julie over to the bullpen where she hand Jerry 's chart to a middle - age , humorless - look office supervisor . julie ( cont 'd ) okay , Nick , who 's my next victim ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : the supervisor just stare at she -- flatly . julie ( cont 'd ) it be a joke . that would be where I say something funny and you make this little noise call a laugh . supervisor we get a memo from corporate . julie what would it say ? they take away we vend machine ? no more Little debby at snack break ? he hand she the memo . her smile fade as she read it . julie ( cont 'd ) part time ? be you kid I ? the patient load be higher than it 's ever be . supervisor cost be up . we be go to have to figure out a way to see same number of client in half the time . julie cheap-frigge -hmo . what 's next -- instead of viagra , a popsicle stick and duct tape ? supervisor I be sorry , Julie . I do not know what to tell you . julie I be raise a 12 - year - old son . how do I replace this income ? supervisor look , you be my best therapist . i’1l try to throw some freelance work you way . julie do not bother . I x11 just sell one of my organ . who need two kidney anyway ? she throw up she hand in frustration and cross out . CUT to : 15 . ext . johnson house - night a shiny black BMW with high performance tire pull into Dave and clarice 's driveway and honk its horn . from inside , some clean- enough - for-radio rap song from a high - end sound system . int . brock 's BMW - night - moment later Brock , now dress in ratty gym clothes , be sit in the car , rapping along with the song throbbing on the blaupunkt , when the passenger door open and Dave slide in . he 's also wear sweat , and carry a basketball . Brock offer he fist to Dave for a knuckle - bump . brock ( loudly over Rap song ) what up , D ... how you doin 's ? Dave can hardly hear he over the radio . dave hey , grandmaster flash , you wanna chill the jam before one of my white neighbor have a heart attack . brock sorry , bro . my bad . Brock turn down the volume . Dave chuckle as Brock back he car out of the driveway . this sort of black / white repartee be obviously something that 's part of they friendship . int . brock 's BMW - traveling - night - a moment later they have now leave Dave 's neighborhood and be proceeding toward downtown , the skyline close in out the window . brock glad you call I tonight , man . dave save from another lonely night in that million - dollar penthouse , huh ? brock it 's two million , but who 's count ? besides , I could be hit it with any number of lady if I want to . ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . continued : brock ( cont 'd ) I be just take a little break right now to get my head straight , you know what I be say ? Long as I get my '' good Times '' rerun , it 's all good . Dave do not know whether to laugh ... or be weird out . dave tell I you do not watch '' good Times . '' brock I love that show . it remind I of when I be just a shorty live in the ghet - to . dave please . a white trash trailer park be not no ghetto . brock ( winking at Dave ) I know , but I be just try to keep it real for my main homey , ya will . dave ( chuckle ) have anybody ever tell you that you be one strange caucasian ? brock ( drop black patois ) this come from a black guy who life in the whitest neighborhood in the city . Brock smile , offer he palm . Dave have to give he some skin on that one . this guy have a real bond . CUT to : ext . hasting real estate - establishing - night a classy real estate office building with lovely landscape and a sign match the magnetic placard on clarice 's cadillac , which be just now pull into a parking spot . int . hasting real estate - night - moment later when clarice enter , she be instantly waylaid by michelle , she sassy , brassy , late - 20 black assistant who have opinion on every subject and be not shy about share they . ( continued ) 17 . continued : michelle okay , girlfriend , here 's the four - one - one . she hand clarice a file folder and point through a window into she office where a upscale , professional - look black couple , the reid , be wait . michelle ( cont 'd ) Mr. Superior Court judge in there be marry to miz chi chi art dealer and they be look to get up into a new zip code . clarice where do they want to look ? michelle hillwood . clarice that 's a nice zip code . michelle go get the money , sister girl . we about to get pay . clarice get a wry smile . and she cross into she office . clarice Mr. and Mrs. reid , I be clarice Johnson . so nice to meet you . and we begin hearing some jam like 50 cent 's '' place to go '' -- smash CUT to : int . downtown gymnasium - close on basketball - night as it slam through the net , and then widen to see we be in a inner-city gymnasium in the middle of a shirt - and-skin pick - up basketball game . Dave come down hard , have just slam - dunked the ball over a tatted - up , street - look black dude in he 30 we will come to know as darnell gooden . Dave thump he bare , sweaty , chisele chest proudly and exchange high - fives with bare - chest Brock and then a couple of he other african- american teammate . darnell be fume . darnell that be charge , dawg ! ( continued ) 18 . continued : dave gimme the lane if you do not want my foot in you hind part , homey . ( motion for the ball ) Ball ! darnell cast a angry look at Dave . one of the other player chunks the ball to Dave who take it to the baseline . Dave take the ball in , toss it to one of he teammate , a really big dude with a perpetual smile , and we will track he as he begin dribble the ball down court as darnell and he team get back on defense . and for a long time , it 's all pass and shiny body slamm into one another . and then Dave get the ball back and see Brock in the open in three - point territory . and the action we will strobe into : series of slow -motion shot a ) Dave fire a chest past to Brock . B ) darnell see what 's happen and move into action . C ) as Brock go up for he shot , a black fist fly into frame and connect with he face -- hard . D ) Brock slam to the floor and the ball go roll out of bound , and we will be overtaken by real time once again . Brock jump to he foot , blood gush from he nose , and immediately charge darnell . and soon they be a whirling dervish of fly kick and punch , and Dave and some of the other player immediately rush in to break it up . dave ( cont 'd ) yo , knock it off ! break it up ! finally Dave and a teammate be able to pry they apart and Brock and darnell both come out of the tussle spitting mad . brock ( glaring at darnell ) what the hell be that , man ? darnell ( thrust a finger at Dave ) nigger want street rule . dave you better check yourself , brother . you be not in the prison yard no more ! ( continued ) 19 . continued : rage fill darnell 's eye and he suddenly charge Dave , pin he to the wall before Brock and the other can pull they apart . Dave be quaking with frustration , disbelief . dave ( cont 'd ) what be you problem , fool ? darnell you , college boy , strollin’ up in here with you suburb-livin , 's white ass -kissin’ nose in the air ... ( point at Brock ) --. bringin’ this lil 's Jimmy crack corn which you . Dave flare at this and trade a uncomfortable look with Brock , but think better of fan the flame . dave come on , brother , we homey from way back . why you get to sweat I like that ? darnell you use to be good people when you be not too good for the hood . but forget this shit ! I be not rollin’ with no uncle Tom ! darnell pick up the ball and fire it to the Big dude , who no longer have a smile . darnell start to walk off . Brock try one last appeal . brock let 's just finish the game , darnell . no harm , no foul . darnell ( turn back , glaring ) shut up , punk ! go back to Starbucks ! with that , darnell be out of there , leave nothing but frustrated look all around , especially from Dave and Brock . CUT to : int . suburban executive house - night - a little later we be in the beautiful , elegantly appoint foyer of a suburban mini-mansion . clarice enter with the reid from the live room and we track they as they move through . ( continued ) continued : Mrs. reid 20 . mr . reid I assume the seller be look for full price ? clarice we can try , but I doubt they 'il come down from one- point-seven . mrs . reid nor should they . I love the balance and harmony of this place . it have perfect Feng shui . clarice right down to the warm earth tone and east - face front door . mrs . reid I be glad we have the same taste . clarice ( smile , gratify ) I , too . mr . reid if you ask I , it all sound like mumbo-jumbo . roll she eye and share a smile with clarice . clarice my husband say just about the same thing when we be pick out we home . I think the term he use be ... '' load of bull . '' mr . reid ( chuckle ) good man . what line of work he in ? catch clarice off guard . she have to think how to answer . Mrs. reid clarice oh , he ... uh ... run he own building management firm . mr . reid tell he I like the way he think . clarice ( averting he eye ) I will . grab she by the elbow and start up the stair . ( continued ) 21 . continued : mrs . reid come on , clarice . I wanna see how my chi flow in the master bedroom . and the two of they head upstairs , clarcie 's confident smile return . and we will prelap the sound of a coach 's whistle . CUT to : ext . swim stadium - moving with a diving body - night the lean , young body belong to 12 - year - old bryson sawyer and he knife into the water . wider angle and we now know we be watch a 50 - meter freestyle race between several adolescent boy in a olympic-size pool in a outdoor swim stadium with bleacher and stadium light lighting up the night sky . tracking angle bryson hit the opposite wall a half - length behind the leader , but come out of he flip turn , he turn on the afterburner and easily zoom into the lead . he hit the wall in first place , a length ahead of the next best swimmer . and a mother 's shrill voice pierce the air . julie ( 0.s. ) whoo -hoo ! bryson ! you-da-man ! another angle as bryson climb out of the pool , we can see he 's a good - look kid with a innocent face . he look up to see he mother , Julie sawyer , rush over with a towel . he look over at some of the other teenage swimmer , whose mother be pull similar stunt . they all look completely humiliate . julie ( cont 'd ) Way to go , sweetheart ! you rock ! bryson Mom , stop . it 's embarrassing you slobbering all over I like this . julie oh , excuse I for gettin’ a little work up because my twelve - year - old son just clean the clock of a pool full of high school freshmen . ( more ) ( continued ) 22 . continued : julie ( cont 'd ) buster , you will not ever be too big for you speedo for I to love on you . get it ? bryson ( sigh , impatient ) Fine . Julie grab he chin and force he to look she in the eye . julie and why be that ? bryson can we do this later ? julie nope . give it to I . he roll he eye , then quietly give she the response she want -- a routine they clearly have be through many time . bryson because it 's just you and I , Mom . her eye glisten with love . julie that 's right , baby . just you and I against the world . they moment be interrupt by coach spinello , a thick , good - look man in he late-twenty . coach spinello hey , bryson , nice heat . get any idea what you time be ? bryson I do not know . around twenty - three second ? coach spinello try twenty - one and nine-tenth . bryson whoa . coach spinello you be dang-right - whoa . that 's a high school varsity time , bro . bryson look at he mother , amaze . she beam . ( continued ) 23 . continued : julie I be not say anything , coach . I be suppose to keep my trap shut . coach spinello ( smile , then ) so how do you feel about add the relay on Saturday ? I want you to swim the free-style leg with the fourteen - year-old . bryson ( as in '' totally cool '' ) that would be totally ridiculous . coach spinello I will take that as a '' yes . '' ( turn to go , then remember something ) oh , Mrs. sawyer ... ? julie miss sawyer . coach spinello sorry . the team mom ask I to remind you we still need you check for the new club warm - up suit . julie I be sorry . completely slip my mind . i’11 bring one Saturday . coach spinello sound great . the coach bump knuckle with bryson and cross off . bryson give Julie a probing look . but she switch gear on he . julie you know what I be in the mood for ? Burger cabana . but as she busy herself with pack up he stuff , he keep he eye on she . that check thing bother he . CUT to : int . brock 's BMW - traveling - night they guy be chillin’ with gatorade and the window down as they drive back from the y in Brock 's sweet ride . but Dave be clearly still fume about he run - in on the court . ( continued ) 24 . continued : dave I have know darnell from knee-high to a pontiac . I do not know why he have to do I like that . Brock look at Dave and smile knowingly . they have have this conversation before . brock seem pretty simple to I . you steal he college scholarship and he 's still tick off about it . dave I do not steal nothing from nobody . the brother get catch dealin’ crack and lose he scholarship . I earn mine fair and square . brock still , I know how he feel ... be the better athlete and all . Dave give he a look of disbelief . dave better athlete , my ass . now you the one smoking crack . Brock smile . Dave know he 's be have . dave ( cont 'd ) somehow it all get mess up . two shorty knockin’ around the hood , dreamin’ about be Michael Jordan . one end up a break - ass bail - jumper . the other one end up gettin’ a piece of the pie . brock victim of he circumstance . dave shit , that be not circumstance , that 's choice . circumstance be tidal wave and hurricane . choice be '' should I or should not I sling this crack ? '' ( winking at Brock ) '' should I or should not I punch this white superstar in the nose ? '' ( continued ) continued : 25 . brock no , circumstance be have no father around to teach you how not to smoke crack because the government forget to fix the levie and a hurricane just flood you house . you get to have boot to have bootstrap , brother . dave look at you , all white and liberal and trippin’ like you a member of the rainbow Coalition . Brock have to laugh about this . brock I guess you be right . life be not fair . otherwise , some butt-ugly sucker like you do not end up with a fine lady like clarice while a rich , handsome dude like I be till trollin’ singles bar . Dave get he chuckle on . dave no , you a troll ' cause you afraid of commitment . brock true . dave besides , I be not play any violin for you , vanilla Ice . ( smile fade a little ) married life be not all that anyway . Brock look at he or a long moment . Dave reali brock what be you talk about ? you guy be do great , right ? zes he say that out loud , pull it back . dave yeah , we good . thing be good . Brock stew on that a beat , decide to probe a little deeper . ( continued ) 26 . continued : brock how 's that other thing between you ? dave ( avoid he eye ) it 's all good . we work on it . but the look on Brock 's face say he be not buy it . ext . downtown STREET - night - same time and Brock 's BMW pass a beat - up look , late - model Nissan sentra go in the opposite direction . int . julie' nissan - traveling - night - same time we be close on the radio as some Big Hair , corporate rock song like '' dust in the wind '' be play . and we will widen to see that Julie be drive the car with bryson sit next to she . he notice how preoccupy she be . bryson how come you be not sing ? julie what ? bryson usually I have to stick my head out the window to drow out you voice when this song be play . Julie look at he for a long moment , hesitate . bryson ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , Mom ? you have to tell I . you be the one who make up the '' no secret rule '' after dad leave . not I . julie ( sigh , then ) you be right , bry . look , I do not want you to worry about this , but the hmo be cut back my hour . but I already have some idea for how to make some more money . bryson ( without miss a beat ) yeah , it 's call basic math . ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . continued : bryson ( cont 'd ) if you make less , you have to spend less . I be gonna drop out of swim club . it 's too expensive . julie whoa , we be not even go there , you understand I ? i’1l eat Cup 0 's noodle three time a day before you miss one minute of swim club . bryson try not to let on that he 's relieved by this -- but it 's clear that he be . something hopeful hit he . bryson maybe dad will come through with he child support . Julie almost go with skepticism , but think better of it . julie maybe he will . which seem to lift he spirit . bryson Cup o’ noodle be pasta , right ? julie loosely . bryson good . coach spinello say I need to start carbo-load before meet . Julie smile at he pluck . she love this boy . CUT to : int . johnson house - master bedroom - night - later a bedroom decorate out of the pottery barn catalog . Dave enter quietly , and see that clarice be already in bed with she back turn toward he side . he quietly slip out of sweat and climb into bed , cuddle up against she . dave you awake , baby ? he kiss she shoulder , try to arouse she . dave ( cont 'd ) I get a big thing for you , baby , and it gettin’ bigger by the moment . ( continued ) 28 . continued : she turn further away from he . his face fall . closer angle we see that she be indeed awake , but in no mood to cooperate . and we will hear the crack of a ball come off a bat . dissolve to : ext . downtown little league field - day - the next day we 're close on a baseball as it be ground hard across the dirt toward a handsome , honey - tone kid , maybe 12 , who be play second base on a rundown inner-city field more dirt than grass . the boy , carlo , get into position to scoop it up , but the ball have eye and squirt between he leg . wider angle '' coach '' Dave be hold the bat , and he assistant , Brock , be shagging the ball at home plate , and it 's clear that we be in the middle of a Little League team practice . the team be a fat Albert gang of various shape and size , some raggedy , some street - hearten . besides carlos , we ’1ll come to know a few of they as jaylen , darius , marcus and deshawn . Dave call out to carlos , slightly annoyed . dave carlos ! how many time I get to tell you , son ? keep you hind end down . you gonna catch the ball on you chin if you pokin 's at it like it 's a bug ! which cause a round of snicker from around the infield . Dave hit a pop fly which shortstop deshawn have to race back to catch . when he snag it cleanly , he begin strutting around , show -boat . deshawn who 's you daddy now , sucker ? carlo please , baby a- Rod , stop actin’ like you mean to catch that ball . you luckier than a crackhead with a five- dollar scratcher . more hoot , howl and ad lib trash talk from the other boy . Dave and Brock trade a weary look . dave all right , bring it in ! ( continued ) 29 . continued : another angle some boy sprint in and gather around Dave and Brock , other drag in huffing and puffing . all be jabber . jaylen say , coach , when can I show you my curve ball ? dave when you be eighteen . jaylen why I get to wait that long ? brock ' Cause that 's when you will be a adult and you mama can not sue we for you blowin’ out you arm . generate some snicker from some of the other boy . deshawn coach cracker snap you ass ! jaylen shut up , fool ! Brock give Dave a '' let it go '' look . but it be not happen . dave deshawn , be you feelin’ sick ? deshawn no , coach . dave well , you must be sick because you get diarrhea of the mouth , boy . now deshawn get he dose of derisive chuckle . dave ( cont 'd ) ( put arm around Brock ) I want to tell you all something . coach houseman here be my main man . he 's save my butt more time than I want to admit , and if I have to go to war , he 's the only man in the world I would trust to get my back . ( beat , then ) deshawn , what race be I ? deshawn look a little confuse . like it 's a trick question . ( continued ) 30 . continued : deshawn Black ? dave wrong . I be human first , then I be black . there 's only one race of people , little brother . the human race , and there be two kind of people . good one and bad one . ( a beat , to deshawn ) so , D , what race be coach houseman ? deshawn ( happily think he have it ) White ! Brock throw Dave a smile . Dave give a sigh . dave we will have to work on that later . ( blow he whistle ) all right . wind sprint . which cause groans of protest from all over , especially from plump Marcus , a pear - shape boy with a tiny , tiny head . darius Marcus can not run . he too fat . marcus I be not fat . my mama say I just get big bone ! darius Boy , yo butt so fat if you farted it would take ' till next week to come out ! huge laughter and lot of '' skin '' be slap among the boy . dave I like that , Darius . you be playin’ the dozen , have not you ? darius yeah , coach . I keep it tight . dave well , guess what ? you so pretty , if anybody beat you on one of this sprint , I be gonna make you wear a dress in Saturday 's game . ( continued ) 31 . continued : Dave blow he whistle and the other boy take off run . Darius 's cocky smile melt and he turn and join the race . Brock turn to Brock and shake he head . brock damn , you be good . Way better than my little league coach . he use to check we cup before every game . you coach ever do that ? dave what do you mean '' check ? '' brock you know , stick he hand down there , move it around a little , make sure it everything be good . dave ( long askance look ) no wonder you so mess up . Brock laugh at he . he get he again . but suddenly Dave 's demeanor darken . Brock see that Dave be look off in the distance and follow he eye to : there Pov darnell be approach with a couple of what , in the inner - city city , could be describe as a '' ho 's '' in paint on jeans on he arm . he be chugge from a forty - ounce malt liquor and stare at we with red , dead eye . back to scene Dave stare back , anger brewing in he eye . brock what 's darnell doin’ here ? dave come to watch carlos play ball , I s'pose . spark a look of surprise from Brock as darnell walk up . dave ( cont 'd ) ya will not welcome here with that King cobra , brother . darnell shut up , bitch ! I can come up in this piece and see my boy anytime I want . ( continued ) 32 . continued : dave not drunk on you ass , you can not . it 's a bad influence on the boy . and it 's against league rule . ( eyeing the '' ho 's '' ) now get outta here with you wannabe mack daddy entourage , or I 'o 1l make it so you never see you boy play ball . if look could kill , Dave would be a dead man . darnell hate on he for a long moment , then throw up he hand . darnell fuck it . whatever . one of darnell 's lady snap she thong at Dave as if to say '' do not you wish , '' then darnell cross off with they . brock you never tell I he be carlos 's father . dave he 's he daddy . but that 's a long way from bein’ he father . CUT to : int . johnson house - live room - day - later we be close on a lady 's shoe rock up and down . it 's a nice , dress shoe . something a older woman might wear to church . and we will widen to see mama , sit on the sofa , dress to the nine , she arm and leg cross impatiently . she 's a decade older , but she have not lose any of she spit . clarice enter from the hallway lead to the master bedroom , adjust she earring . she look stun , dress in the kind of gown you don to win a award . she look at she watch , then go to the window and look out . clarice where be Dave ? he know we have to leave by five-thirty . mama honestly , girl , you need to keep a short leash on that man . clarice ignore this , try to change the subject . ( continued ) 33 . continued : clarice how do you like my new dress , mama ? clarice have a little too much décolletage show for mama 's taste . she cross over and pinch she lapel together . mama Lord have mercy , girl , be you tryin' to give the player a free show ? we need a safety pin . this thing be not get button where a Christian girl need button . clarice brushes mama 's hand away , slightly annoyed . clarice mama , would you stop ? at that moment , the front door open and Dave walk in , home from practice , look all sweaty in he coach clothes . dave hey , baby , I be home . what do you say we go grab a bite to -- he freeze when he see they both . he 's clearly forget something . what that be suddenly dawns on he . dave ( cont 'd ) I be just gonna need I a minute . without wait for the shoe to drop , he hustle down the hallway and into the bedroom . mama give a exasperate sigh mama that man be steppin’ on my last nerve . CUT to : int . clarice 's cadillac - traveling - night - moment later Dave be now in he nicest suit and put pedal to the metal as a frosty clarice sit next to he while mama stew in back . they come to a stop . a ambulance , light and siren blaring , fly through the intersection in front of they , head to some emergency . but they do not seem to notice . Dave try to win back some brownie point as the light turn green . he give she dress the once-over . ( continued ) 34 . continued : dave damn , boo , be you ready for the red carpet or what ? and mama Clark , may I say , you be look like a fine nubian Queen tonight . clarice and mama 's expression do not change . clarice David , you know how important this night be for I . do you realize what a honor it be be the salesperson of the Year ? dave I know , baby . I be sorry . clarice and now we be gonna be lucky if I make my entrance before they start servin’ the little egg roll . dave I do not mean to forget . I just get catch up with practice . mama decide to break she silence . mama what I know , young man , be you get a priority problem . you need a priority transplant . why you wastin’ you time with all that little gangster with they drawer hangin’ all out ? all they be be a bunch of thief training to be crackhead like they daddy . ( beat , then ) ask I , the only reason a black man ever get out the ghetto be because a strong woman be there to keep he ho -mongerin’ butt in line . dave all due respect , mama ... not all man be like you ex-husband . which send a chill through the car . she glare at he . mama maybe not all . but without you granny and my daughter ridin 's herd , you sure woulda be . ( continued ) 35 . continued : Dave be bristle . know what he have like to say , but can not . clarice decide to offer a olive branch . sort of . clarice all I know be , if you put in as much time on you business as you do with that boy ... ( she touch he arm ) ++. you might be able to get out of the dungaree and look this fine every day . as Dave drive they through the next intersection , he turn to accept she peace offer -- dave 's Pov - over clarice from out of nowhere , a pick up truck be barrel toward the passenger side of they car . ext . downtown intersection - high angle - night - continuous the truck slam into the cadillac at full speed in a sicken impact which feel like a nuclear shock - wave . int . clarice 's cadillac - night - continuous and inside , it 's instantly all grind metal and fly glass and everything go into surreal slow - motion as Dave see the truck cave in clarice 's side of the car , and everything begin spin as Dave and clarice 's head bounce into deploy air bag . and thing keep spin for a few more revolution until the car suddenly jolt to a stop and we return to real time . Dave look over at clarice and we push in on he . everything fade to black and go deathly silent and stay that way for what seem like a eternity until we begin make out a frail , moan , weep voice . mama ( 0.s. ) oh , sweet Jesus . oh , sweet Jesus . Lord have mercy . suddenly , we fade back up as Dave come back to consciousness and realize what have just happen . mama be in the back seat , hold she head in she hand and still moan after Jesus . he look over at clarice who be unconscious . dave reesie , talk to I . you okay , baby ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : no response . he check she pulse , and listen to she chest . dave ( cont 'd ) that 's good , you breathin’ strong . you keep breathin’ , baby . Dave put he hand on mama 's shoulder . she shaking . weak . dave ( cont 'd ) you all right , mama ? mama I think so . dave I get to get we some help . Dave try to open he door . it 's jamme . he put he shoulder into it . this time it open . ext . downtown intersection - night - continuous Dave stagger out of the car , a little woosy , and move around to the other side . he 's get glass cut all over he face and a nasty bump emerge on he forehead . in the b.g. , other car be stop and onlooker be rush over . dave ( yell out ) please , somebody call 9 - 1 - 1 ! somebody get we some help . a male onlooker cross over , just hang up he cell phone . male onlooker it 's okay , guy . help 's on the way . angle on pick up truck a ratty -look teenager , who have so many facial pierce he look like he fall into a fishing tackle box , emerge from a smoking truck that have fare even worse than the cadillac . he have bump and scratch , but appear not to be too badly hurt . he be daze and confuse as he pace back and forth . teenager I do not see the red . I be sorry . I be sorry . I be just reach for my cell phone . angle back on cadillac by now , other onlooker have make they way to the car . ( continued ) 37 . continued : dave my wife 's pin in , and my mother - in - law 's still in the back . the first onlooker manage to yank open mama 's back door . male onlooker let I help you out , mar ’am . mama ( panicky ) no , just get my reesie out . Dave come over to comfort she . dave mama , we gonna get she out . this man gonna let you lie down in he car until we ambulance come . the man give Dave a nod that say '' absolutely . '' reluctantly mama let the man help she climb out of the car and escort she slowly over to he car . one of the other onlooker spot something on the ground he do not like . male onlooker # 2 you get fuel leak . Dave look at the leak fuel . his face fill with dread . int . clarice 's cadillac - night - second later Dave slide back in the front seat next to clarice . she be still out cold . Dave look and see how wickedly pin she leg be by the twisted metal . he gently pat she cheek . dave clarice , baby , can you hear I ? boo , I need you to wake up . after a few beat , she eye flit open and she suddenly realize what 's go on . she look at she leg and she eye and voice fill with tear and panic . clarice Jesus , my side hurt so bad . and my leg ... I can not feel my leg ! dave I know , baby . we gonna get you out of here real soon . she claw at the door , but it 's useless . she begin sobbing . ( continued ) 38 . continued : clarice I be so scared , David ! I do not wanna die ! I do not wanna die ! Dave get as good a angle on a hug as he can to comfort she . dave shhh , baby , I be not gonna let nothin’ else happen to you . on the sound of hydraulics and crunching steel -- CUT to : ext . intersection - night - moment later close on the jaw of life cut through steel . widen to see two firemen work the rig as Dave stand by . in the b.g. , a ambulance , firetruck and police car be now on the scene . fireman almost there , ma ’am . hang on just a little longer . a beat later , the passenger door fall to the ground . CUT to : int . ambulance - night - moment later clarice be now on a gurney , she leg and neck immobilize . the paramedics slide the gurney into the back of a ambulance . mama be already there with a lady emt . paramedic ( into shoulder radio ) thirty -six - year-old African - american female with obvious leg fracture and possible concussion . BP ninety - five over sixty . as Dave climb in , he look at mama and find there be no love in she eye . the paramedics slam the door shut . match CUT to : int . all saint hospital - trauma unit - night - later double door slam open with the force of clarice 's gurney . trauma nurse and doctor receive it from the paramedics . Dave and mama try to follow they , but a nurse stop they . ( continued ) 39 . continued : dave I get to go in there with she ! she need I ! trauma nurse we will take good care of she , sir . she notice that mama be look very fatigue and examine a nasty gash on the side of Dave 's head . trauma nurse ( cont 'd ) besides , you all could use a little tlc yourselves . CUT to : int . all saint hospital - e.r. - night - moment later we be face two emergency room bed , partition by a curtain . on one side , Dave be sit with he shirt off , get he head wound stitched up by a e.r. doctor . Dave be clearly worried . next door , mama be recline in the bed , wear a hospital gown and a heart monitor . angle on dave 's bed e.r. doctor ( as he work on Dave ) how you doin 's over there , Mrs. Clark ? from the other side of the curtain come the reply . mama ( 0.s . ) I tell that other doctor -- some filipino or chinese or some damn thing -- I do not need this wire hangin’ all up offa I . I just need to be with my baby girl . the Doctor trade a know look with Dave . e.r. doctor just a precaution , mar ’am . we just need to monitor you heart a while longer . just then one of the trauma doctor we see earlier enter and cross to Dave 's bed . he 's wear surgical scrub and a serious expression . he relieve the e.r. Doctor . trauma doctor give I a moment , Gerald . ( continued ) 40 . continued : the e.r. Doctor take he cue and cross off . dave ( quickly alarmed ) what be it , Doc ? what 's happenin’ with clarice ? trauma doctor we have get she stabilize , Mr. Johnson , but we have get a long night ahead of we the curtain partition between the bed immediately draw back and mama be stare at they intently . mama it 's already be a long night . what else you go to say ? trauma doctor her leg be badly fracture . but what have I more concerned at the moment be that she rupture she spleen , which mean she 's bleed internally . as bad as the leg be , we have get to get in there and stop that bleed first . mama oh , dear Jesus , we need you . dave ( emotion welling up ) I do not care what it take , or what it cost , you have get to fix she , Doc . you get to fix she . the Doctor give he a understanding nod and exit . Dave and mama sit in silence for a long moment . mama if we be not in such a hurry , maybe this would not have happen . mama lay back on she bed . Dave do not reply . he can not . dissolve to : int . all saint hospital - private room - night - hour later Dave , he head bandage , he face weary , hover over clarice 's bed in the wee hour of the morning . ( continued ) 4l. continued : clarice be in a post - op anesthetic twilight , she leg be elevate in a cast and in traction . behind Dave , mama be snoring softly in a recliner , as the trauma Doctor enter , check the chart . trauma doctor you get one tough cookie here , Mr. Johnson . before she go under , she keep tell I I be not allow to remove any of she body part without she permission . dave ( smile ) that 's my reesie . trauma doctor the tear in the spleen be small enough to patch . it should heal up in a week or so . but the leg 's another matter . dave how bad be it ? trauma doctor we have to put pin in three place . she 's not go to be able to bear weight on it for a good a month . dave she will not be happy to hear that . she 's gonna wanna get back to work the moment she get out of here . trauma doctor Mr. Johnson , this be a very severe injury . if she do not want to have to park in the handicapped spot the rest of she life , she be go to need month of rehabilitation . you need to make she understand that . Dave sigh , not look forward to that assignment . dave maybe you could give I some of they drug you use to keep she knock out . the trauma Doctor smile and exit the room . Dave look over at mama . still catch saw log . ( continued ) 42 . continued : he lean over clarice , gently brushes she hair with he finger and whisper encouragement to she even though he know she can not hear he . dave ( cont 'd ) I love you , boo . somehow we gonna get through this . as he kiss she on she forehead , push in on she close eye . match dissolve to : int . all saint hospital - private room - day - next morning on that same eye . they slowly open , red , disorient as she get she bearing . and widen to see that Dave have not leave she side . his heart skip to see she come to . dave good morning , beautiful . clarice 's concern grow when she see she leg in traction . clarice ( weakly , tear up ) oh , David . what do they do to my poor leg ? dave shhh , baby . you may not be able to go through any metal detector for awhile , but we gonna get you back in they short skirt real soon . clarice how soon ? dave soon enough . clarice look around the room , suddenly panicky . clarice oh , dear God , where 's mama ? please tell I she do not -- dave she 's fine , reesie . crotchety as hell . I make she take a cab home to get some sleep ' cause the nurse be about to run she out of here on a rail . ( continued ) 43 . continued : clarice smile a little . at that moment , the world 's large teddy bear enter the room , manhandle there by Brock . clarice good Lord , that better not be for I . brock you kid ? ( point at Dave ) this be for my boy over here . Brock thrust the teddy bear at Dave . clarice this be what I bring for you . he pull a flower arrangement from behind he back and hand it to she . she smell the flower and smile . clarice ( cont 'd ) they be gorgeous , B. thank you . brock so be you , sweetie . Brock give she a kiss on the cheek . brock ( cont 'd ) ( mock flirt ) especially in that sexy hospital gown . clarice please . you gonna set off my blood pressure . Dave smile . this be some special friendship . CUT to : int . all saint hospital - corridor - day - moment later Dave and Brock . a walk and talk . Dave 's look reflective . brock I be sorry this happen to you , bro . really make you count you blessing . dave yeah . how you always just a blink away from lose they . ( continued ) 44 , continued : they ponder this for a beat . do not want to dig much deeper . dave ( cont 'd ) so , coach cracker , how you feel about takin’ over the team for awhile ? think you can handle that little thug all by yourself ? brock Hell yes . when they find out I be really the brain of the operation , they 'il be eat out of my hand . ( beat ) plus , I be gonna bring some popeye 's for game snack . Dave chuckle . that ought to do the trick . CUT to : int . highrise advertising firm - office - day a good-look account executive in he late-30s , ted sawyer , be busy draw in a sketch pad . he 's deep in creative mode because there be several sketches for some ad campaign tape all over the wall . the door open and a attractive , young secretary with leg for mile , kate , pop she head in . kate Ted , you have a visitor . I try to tell she you be on a deadline -- ted ( not look up ) who be it ? kate ( with attitude ) the ex - Mrs. Ted sawyer . Julie push past kate into Ted 's office . she 's in she p.t. work clothes -- dowdy compare to a fashion plate like kate . julie I do not think the future ex - Mrs . sawyer would mind I barging in . kate I would not know what you mean . ( continued ) continued : kate look kate flip he glare checkbook 45 . julie both of you work on a weekend ? trust I , bambi , you be not the first secretary Ted 's bump ugly with in the copy room . at Ted , aghast . he give she a reassure nod . ted give we a minute , kate . she hair indignantly and exit . Ted eye Julie . ted ( cont 'd ) I know I be suppose to ask to what I owe the pleasure ... but I do not feel like pretend . julie I either . only reason I be here be because the hmo cut back my hour . ted that 's a shame . maybe you should to get a better job . julie maybe you should grow some cajone and stop be a deadbeat dad . I could care less that you do not feel any obligation to the mother of you child . but the three - thousand dollar in back child support you owe you son make I want to break you kneecap -- and believe I , I know how to do it . ted you know I just start with this firm a few month ago and that I be in between job for awhile . julie stop bang every skirt you see and you will not get fire so often . at she for a long beat . he then retrieve a from he desk drawer and begin to write a check . ted I can only afford two -hundre right now . i’1ll try to send some more in a few week . ( continued ) 46 . continued : julie ( take check from he ) I would say '' thanks '' but that 's usually reserve for somebody who do something for you without have they arm twisted . she go to the door and turn back . julie ( cont 'd ) you know , bryson be really come along with he swim . in fact , he have he first meet later today . ( beat , then ) it might be nice if he know he dad give a damn . guilt fill Ted 's eye . Julie open the door to find a insecure , nosy kate stand there , eavesdropp . Julie give she a condescending smile and then exit past she . CUT to : int . all saint hospital —- private room - day clarice 's room be now fill with flower and get well gift . Dave examine a card from one of the arrangement . dave this one 's from michelle. ( read ) '' rose be red , violet be blue ... girl , we holdin’ you big ass real estate trophy so you better get well soon . '' but it 's a reminder of she loss and the reality of she situation . she look away , tear fill she eye . dave ( cont 'd ) do not cry , reesie . we gonna get through this . clarice ( flash on he ) we be not the one with the leg twisted up like a damn pretzel . dave you be right , baby . ( continued ) 47 . continued : clarice why do this have to happen ? everything be swimmin’ along so perfectly . it be gonna be my big night , standin’ up there , gettin’ that award , showin’ the world that I have arrive . that I be somebody . dave baby , do not do that . you be a somebody to I since the first day I meet you . you be my somebody . she look at Dave , think about that , and hold back from say what she really want to say . it 's not lose on Dave . a knock at the door interrupt the moment . they turn to see a winsome black woman in she 40s , carmen mcatee , wear a colorful African kaftan and she hair in dread . she 's a big woman , but all the equipment 's in the right proportion . carmen Dave and clarice ? I be carmen mcatee , from the counseling center up at emmanuel Fellowship . clarice wipe she eye , throw on a smile as carmen enter . clarice Excuse my face . I never get to put on my war paint today . they all shake hand and ad lib greeting . carmen Bishop wilk ask I to come pay you a visit . Dave and clarice trade look . clarice really ? be not that sweet of he . I be surprised he hear about the accident so soon . carmen well , you mama be bendin’ he ear all morning 's about it . dave we have not really be comin’ to church lately . ( continued ) 48 . continued : carmen yeah , she tell he that , too . awkward moment for Dave and clarice . not for carmen . carmen ( cont 'd ) how be that leg feel ? look like one big item for the prayer chain right there . clarice thanks , but I be sure there be other people in the church in more dire prayer need than I . carmen well , we do have one young brother from the gospel choir stick a communion cup up he nose try to impress he girl , but I think this leg be still takin 's home first prize this week . clarice can not hold back a smile over that image . however ... clarice please thank the Bishop for he concern , but we be fine ... really . you must have other people you need to visit . carmen nope . just you . to clarice 's surprise , carmen pull up a chair and smile . carmen ( cont 'd ) why do not we read some scripture . do you have a favorite passage ? as carmen pull out a bible , Dave and clarice exchange flabbergasted look . carmen ( cont 'd ) I be feelin’ a little drowsy . as long as we can stay away from all the beget and begat . dave and anything dealin’ with locust and pillar of salt and shit ... ( catch himself ) Excuse I , Lord . ( continued ) 49 . continued : carmen give they a smile that say '' sure . '' dissolve to : ext . all saint hospital - front entrance - day - week later a encase , elevate leg be the first thing through the automatic door . a black lady nurse with a pushy , '' talk to the hand '' attitude be guide clarice out into the sunshine in she wheelchair . mama and Dave follow not far behind , Dave load to the hilt with flower and present . mama I hope you rent a decent car , David . dave I bring my work van . mama work van ? Boy , be you outta you mind ? we can not put this girl up in some nasty old janitor van . what she gonna do , sit in a mop bucket ? clarice mama , it 's okay . it 's get a back seat I can lay down in . pushy nurse I do not care what car ya will bring up in here as long as you pull it up to the drive . Dave get a bust look on he face and he non-response speak volume . pushy nurse ( cont 'd ) oh , hell no . do not tell I ya will forget to pull it up to the drive . dave sorry . I do not know I be suppose to . pushy nurse Son , what do you think this be , disneyland ? this be not no tram ride . if you think I be gonna push this damn chair all over this parking lot , you need to be in the looney wing with a lithium drip . ( continued ) 50 . continued : humiliate beat for Dave , then : dave I be just gonna need I a minute . Dave hustle past they , struggle to juggle all the get well loot in he arm . there Pov Dave 's butt make that back - and -forth power - walker motion . back to scene the nurse be enjoy the view . pushy nurse ( salaciously ) hmm-mmm . look at that tight little ass . I would like to bounce a silver dollar offa that ass and make I change for the vend machine . off clarice and mama 's look of shock and awe -- CUT to : int . johnson house - master bedroom - day - sometime later Dave push clarice 's wheelchair into they bedroom . they be home . clarice take in the place with a sigh . clarice Home , sweet , prison . dave come on , baby . we gonna make it real nice for you . clarice well , if I be gonna be trap up in here for the next several week , there be go to be some change . dave what change ? clarice no offense , but this just be not you forte . get my cellphone . I need a sister . CUT to : 51 . int . johnson house - master bedroom - day - the next day clarice be sit in bed in a silk robe with she leg up . she have she face on and a eager look in she eye . a little desk have be set up next to the bed . Dave show Michelle into the room . she 's carry a file box . as soon as she and clarice see each other , they do this girlfriend squeal and Michelle rush over to she . clarice hold out she hand . clarice fly I some finger , girl . Michelle and clarice happily go through the routine of wiggling they finger together . clarice notice Dave watch they , amused , from the door . clarice ( cont 'd ) please , if you and you crew be bumpin’ butt together , we can fly some finger . dave I like it . look kind of nasty though -- in a good way . clarice wave he off and look at Michelle . clarice you sure you do not mind work out of the '' home office '' for a minute ? michelle you kid ? kickin 's it with my home - girl ? it will be like we havin 's a get-rich slumber party . ( remember something ) I almost forget . she open the box and pull out a beautiful crystal trophy shape like a triangle and hand it to clarice . michelle ( cont 'd ) to the salesperson of the Year . it take clarice 's breath away . she almost tear up as she run she finger across the inscription . clarice I have die and go to heaven . Dave be happy for he wife . and hopeful . CUT to : 52 . int . johnson house - master bedroom - day - later that day we be close on clarice . she have turn away the world and she demeanor be dark , frustrated , angry . widen to discover a discourage - look Michelle , hold she file box , stand at the door with a grim Dave . clarice who be I kid ? I can not sell no damn real estate from a bed . the reid laugh I off the phone when I ask they if they have mind comin’ here to write a offer sheet . michelle forget about they . they just uppity ass black folk who think they shit smell like perfume . I bet Monday gonna go a whole lot smoother . clarice there be not gonna be any Monday . thanks for givin’ this a try , Michelle , but just tell everybody at hastings I be outta the game . michelle you be not out the game , girl . Mr. hastings say you take all the time you need . and if you need more time after that , we will cross that bridge when we come to it . clarice or jump off it . Dave give Michelle look indicate that she should go . michelle okay , I be outta here , but I be gonna be blowin’ up you cell real soon . clarice do not respond . Dave and michell trade another look and she exit sadly down the hall . dave boo , can I get you any -- clarice you go , too . ( off he hurt look ) ( more ) ( continued ) 53 . continued : clarice ( cont 'd ) I do not wanna see or talk to anybody right now . not even you . a unnerve thing for he to hear . and prelap a doorbell . CUT to : int . johnson house - entryway - night - that evening Dave open the front door and mama be there , suitcase in hand , look very ill-tempere . mama why I have to hear about my reesie 's heart break from she rather than from the man s'pose to protect she make I want to slap somebody . she drop she two suitcase at Dave 's foot . mama ( cont 'd ) you can put that in the guest room . dave look , mama , I appreciate you concern , but we be marry twelve year . I think I can take care of my own wife . clarice have a rough day , but we gonna get by just fine . mama give a little sarcastic snort . mama let I break it down for you . if thing be all jiggy as that , then I would not be here , would I ? now move you butt and let I take care of my daughter . the look in she eye make Dave a little afraid . he step aside and let she by . CUT to : int . downtown gymnasium - night Brock enter the gym and pass the group of player we meet earlier . apparently they be do work out . brock hey rookie , where ya will go ? who want some dribble lesson ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : the Big dude just shake he head and point down court . big smiling dude we try to get we game on , but somebody hoggin’ up half the court . Brock turn and be surprised to see Dave shoot hoop all by himself at the other end of the gym . and give he sweat factor and fatigue look , he 's be here awhile . angle on dave he slam dunk the ball and the whole backboard shudder . as he turn back the court , a basketball be fire at he from o.s. and he catch it , surprised . we adjust to see Brock . brock dude , either clarice be make the world 's fastest recovery ... or you get you walkin’ papers . dave ( glower ) do not ask . brock mama ? Dave answer by fire the ball back at Brock . dissolve to : ext . swim stadium - day - the next day a race be under way in the b.g. and the stand be full of cheering parent . angle on warm up area Julie be organize bryson 's warm - up bag as bryson do some stretch nearby . she see that he keep look over he shoulder at the stadium entrance . it make she sad for he . julie hey , do you get a look at that other team 's warm up sweat ? yellow and chartreuse . I be have a very gruesome flashback of a college pizza and beer party . the little attempt at humor do not really register with he . ( continued ) 55 . continued : bryson you think dad 's gonna make it ? I email he and leave a message on he voicemail . julie ( sighing ) I do not know , bry . bryson cover he true feeling with a brave smile . bryson no big deal . he probably have to work . I bet he ’1ll come next week . announcer ( over p.a. ) first call . two-hundred individual medly bryson ( as he yank off warm up ) that 's I . I be go to go hurl in the bathroom first . then i’1l see you at the finish line . bryson cross off . Julie watch he go for a long moment . this kid be so brave and full of so much life . just then , she cell phone ring . she look at the caller id , answer . julie hey , boss , what 's up ? ( beat , then brighten ) be you kid ? I be all over it . she find a pen in she pocket and find a empty soda cup . julie ( cont 'd ) okay , go ahead . ( write on cup ) you be a life -saver , Nick . remind I to give you a quickie on Monday . ( oh shit ) yes , actually that be a joke . she hang up , and give a little victory pump of she fist . dissolve to : int . julie 's nissan - traveling - day Julie be drive slowly through the same neighborhood we see Brock drive he beamer in earlier . ( continued ) 56 . continued : julie ( check out house ) okay , Julie , welcome to stepford . a white hummer be drive by a blond lady yuppie come whipping around a corner and Julie have to take evasive action to avoid it . the lady give Julie a look that say '' what be you do in this neighborhood ? '' which piss Julie off . julie ( cont 'd ) ( derisively ) Nice tank , barbie . where do you kid play soccer - Iraq ? and we prelap one of that annoying knock at you door ( five quick knock follow by two long one ) . CUT to : int . johnson house - entryway - day - moment later mama come the door and answer it . Julie be stand there with she bag of p.t. gear and a friendly smile . mama give she the once-over . mama go away . we be not buyin’ nothin . 's Julie look a little confuse . Dave now come to the door . dave it 's okay , mama . I get it . ( to Julie ) can I help you ? Julie look at a little sheet of paper . julie I hope I have the right address . I be Julie sawyer . you call for a in -home physical therapist . Dave look at she , now get it . mama throw up she hand and grouse as she retreat within the house . mama ( 0.s. ) physical therapist ? Little bitty thing like you ? what do ya will work on -- hamster ? dave sorry about that . I be Dave Johnson . please come in . ( continued ) 57 . continued : Julie cross in with she gear . julie I actually do work on a hamster once . in school . wrung the poor little thing 's neck . now I be only allow to work on human . Dave do not know whether to laugh -- until Julie give hima wry smile -- which give he permission to chuckle . CUT to : int . johnson house - master bedroom - day - moment later mama enter the room first , follow by Dave and Julie . when clarice see she , she do not try to cover she downcast demeanor like we have see she do before . dave reesie , this be Julie sawyer . she 's the physical therapist we ask the hospital to send over . clarice I do not ask they . you do . Julie give Dave a reassure look . mama be watch she like a hawk from the corner of the room . already do not like what she see . Julie set down she gear and pull up a chair next to the bed . julie clarice , after what you have be through , I know the last thing you want be some stranger in you life . so let 's just start by talk . clarice turn and eye she knowingly . clarice I be not look for anyone to psychoanalyze I either . julie good . because I be not look to get sue for masquerade as a psychologist either . clarice 's affectation remain flat and mama remain skeptical . but Dave have to smile a little on that one . ( continued ) 58 . continued : julie ( cont 'd ) but talk about how you be feel emotionally can help I design a better plan for get you back up on that leg again . clarice 's eye fill with tear of frustration . clarice you be ask how I feel ? I feel like damn Humpty - dumpty sittin’ in a million piece at the bottom of the wall . in the last two week , my life have go from top of the world to complete shit ! that 's how I feel ! mama 's not bite she tongue anymore . she laser in on Julie . mama okay , miss Sunshine , that be about all of this nonsense I be gonna put up with . can not you see you makin’ thing worse ? time to scoot that perky little behind outta here . but intervention come from a surprising source . clarice no , mama . it be not she fault . she 's just do she job . ( to Dave , mama ) give we some time alone . please . mama start to say something , but think better of it . dissolve to : int . johnson house - entryway - day - a hour later Julie have she gear bag in hand and Dave be escort she out . dave I be worried about she . I have never see she so ... julie depress ? Dave nod sadly as they come to the front door . ( continued ) 59 . continued : julie ( cont 'd ) a little depression be normal in this case . she 's be through a very traumatic experience . soon as she see she 's make progress , she will snap out of it . I promise . dave thanks for be gentle with she . julie you be a good husband to want she treat gently , Mr. Johnson . dave please call I Dave , Mrs. sawyer , it do not make I feel so old . julie in that case , it 's miss sawyer . ( smile , offer hand ) and I be Julie . Dave smile and reciprocate with a warm handshake . Julie then exit out the front door . but someone be watch . angle on live room watch from a rock chair be mama . and as begin hearing a tune like luther vandross 's '' here and now , '' we can see that mama do not like that exchange one little bit . dissolve to : a montage of scene a ) int . johnson house - live room - day another visit by Julie , and this time , she have clarice work with hand weight , make row motion with she arm ... keep she from upper body atrophy . B ) and yet another session with clarice -- this time raise and lowering she non-injured leg . hip work . and we begin hearing Dave 's remember voice again . dave ( v.o. ) something 's always confuse I about the story of Adam and Eve . God make man first and give hima whole bunch of instruction . work , cultivate , protect . ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . continued : dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but God never give Eve any instruction . not one . it all fall on Adam . C ) ext . downtown little league field - day Dave return to he team and he boy greet he happily , crowd around he , give he '' bash brother '' high - fives , include one from Brock . D ) darnell watch the whole scene from inside he beat up old hooptie ( station wagon ) park on the street next to the field . he take a drag from a joint , and drive on a park . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and ever since then , a man have be define by the role he perform . by how good he work and cultivate . by how good he protect he wife and child . E ) int . johnson house - live room - day as Dave be transfer clarice from she wheelchair into they bed , he try to give she a peck on the cheek , but she 's in a testy mood and want no part of it . F ) int . brock houseman 's downtown condo - night Brock come home from work to discover he phone blink '' 13 message . '' he sigh and push the '' delete all '' button . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the world have always want man to be heroes . but somewhere that all change . I be not sayin’ all the change be bad . Lord know , inequality no matter what kind , need to stay dead and bury . G ) ext . johnson house - front porch - day clarice be sit in she wheelchair on the front porch , read she '' House beautiful '' magazine when Dave pull up in she beautifully repair cadillac . good as new . h ) int . all saint hospital - doctor 's office - day Dave hold clarice 's hand as the trauma Doctor we remember from earlier cut off she cast and remove the exterior rod . clarice grimace when she see she wick scar and how withere she leg have get . ( continued ) 61 . continued : dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) woman start bein’ they own heroes . maybe because they man forget how to be , or maybe because they do not want to be protect anymore . I ) ext . downtown swim stadium - pool - day at the swim stadium , bryson win yet another race and he swim club teammate all do a congratulatory pile on he when he climb out of the pool . J ) int . johnson house - live room - day Julie pay another p.t. visit . now the real work begin . slowly , painfully manipulate clarice 's leg . mama be hang out nearby . can not bear to watch . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when clarice and I first marry , she treat I like I be she Zulu prince . and I want nothing more than to protect and cherish she . but when she start be the real bread -winner , that all begin to change . k ) and now clarice be sit on a exercise bike slowly pedale . then faster . even faster . L ) clarice be in she wheelchair in the live room . as Dave and mama watch , Julie hand she a cane . at first clarice do not want to try it . but Julie give she a encourage '' you can do it '' smile . finally , clarice plant the cane in front of she and pull herself up into a stand position . she can not believe it . she 's up on she own two leg . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) see , when the world take away a man 's reason for bein 's a man -- when he lose he self - identity , purpose , passion and self - respect -- somehow thing always go wrong . that 's one lesson my granny never prepare I for . then she take a step and a break into a broad victory smile . even mama have to smile about this . and Dave give Julie a look of thanks as the song and we montage end . dissolve to : 62. ext . johnson house - driveway - day Dave , carry Julie 's gear , be walk out to she car . dave sometimes I never think I would see she back on she foot . I do not know how to thank you , Julie . julie well , first you can send a '' happy letter '' to my boss , tell he you have never meet a more skilled and professional physical therapist . dave ( smile ) done . Julie open she trunk and Dave stow she gear . julie second , clarice need several more week of therapy and I need the cash , so please do not cut I off . dave would not think of it . Julie climb into she car . Dave hover at she door . Julie look up at he and look at he sincerely . julie you know , I have be do this a long time . most spouse bail by about the third session . you be so supportive of clarice be more important to she progress than you realize . dave maybe you could write mama one of they happy letter about I . she get a giggle from this and look at he appreciatively . julie well , I gotta pick up my son . see ya , Monday . she go to turn she key . a gruesome grinding noise come from she engine . ( continued ) 63 . continued : julie ( cont 'd ) shit ! ( catch herself ) sorry . my frigging battery be always do this ! she try the ignition again . more grinding , then a horrible clunking noise . Dave raise he eyebrow . dave I know a little about car , and that be not no dead battery sound . CUT to : int . johnson house - kitchen - day - moment later clarice and mama be have some tea at the kitchen table when Dave enter and grab some key off the rack . dave Julie 's car 's dead . I be gonna run she home . mama how come the girl can not call a tow truck ? dave because she 's gonna be late to pick up she boy . mama maybe she shoulda think of that before comin’ over here in that break - ass car . Dave give clarice a look like '' somebody 's about to be hurt . '' clarice Dave 's right , mama . we can not make she late for she boy . besides , this girl have be here for we , and we can return the favor . Dave give clarice a kiss on the cheek , which this time she receive , and head for the door . mama feel slighted . mama ai not my driveway gettin’ all oilly from some little make - in- China car . CUT to : 64 . int . clarice 's cadillac - traveling - day the sun be sink as Dave and Julie drive through downtown . julie I really appreciate this . I have never be late to pick bryson up . I be sure he do not notice , but I be try to keep my record perfect . at that moment , they pass by a storefront business whose alarm bell be ringing . they do not seem to notice . Dave be preoccupy with question he do not quite know how to ask . dave look , it be not none of my business , but how do you ... I mean , what happen to -- julie how do I end up a single mother ? Dave give she a apologetic nod . julie ( cont 'd ) believe I , I wish the story be more dramatic than it be . like I be widow because my husband die on Flight 93 or something . Truth be , I be just a middle - class cliche . dave what do you mean ? julie Ted and I -- that 's my ex-husband -- be the perfect little yuppie couple . we meet at smu , get marry after graduation , get we career start , save up for a house , and then have bryson . ( beat , sighing ) but then I find out Ted have this disease call '' Ashley syndrome . '' dave Ashley syndrome ? what 's that ? julie you get it from be attract to twenty - two - year - old pole dancer name Ashley . ( continued ) 65 . continued : dave ( suddenly get it ) oh. sorry . do not mean to pry . julie it 's okay . we have be divorced for two year . I use to chop up cucumber every night and think of he . I be down to once a week now . which make Dave chuckle . she enjoy it he laughter . Dave can feel she eye on he . he point out the window . dave be this the swim club ? julie ( look , nodd ) yeah . pull in here . ext . downtown aquatics club - day - continuous the cadillac pull up to a confuse - look bryson . int . clarice 's cadillac - night - continuous Julie roll down she window for bryson . julie hi , bry . bryson look in warily . see a big black dude drive . bryson Mom , please tell I this be about car trouble and we be not be kidnap or something ... Dave burst out laugh . Julie realize how this look . julie oh , God . no , bryson , this be Dave Johnson . his wife be my patient . remember ? the one in the accident . bryson oh , yeah . no offense , sir . dave ( still chuckle ) none take , little man . you just watchin’ out for you mama . ( continued ) 66 . continued : julie ( to bryson ) I be afraid it 's a little worse than the battery this time . Dave offer to give we a lift home . bryson cool . bryson open the back door and slide in . bryson check out the leather seat as Dave pull back onto the boulevard . bryson ( cont 'd ) dude , this be a nice ride . dave thanks . you shoulda see it six week ago . bryson Mom , we need something like this instead of that crappy sentra . Dave trade a smile with Julie . dave so you mom say you like King Kong up in that pool . bryson Mom should stop talk so much . julie Excuse I . bryson she think I be gonna e like some Olympic gold medalist someday and I ’‘1l get all this endorsement money and then she can mooch off I . julie it could happen . dave see , now I be the wrong man to talk swimmin’ . only freestyle I know about be rapper spittin’ rhyme on a street corner . but you stick a basketball or a baseball in my hand I get the skill to pay the bill . somehow this have touch a nerve in bryson . Julie notice . ( continued ) 67 . continued : bryson I have only play baseball once . my dad take I to the park to play catch a couple year ago . Dave look at bryson in rear-view mirror . the kid be look out the window . Julie give Dave a '' sorry about that '' look . dave tell you what . I get this Little League team I coach . any time you mom want to bring you by , I can hook you up with a few pointer . bryson ( brighten ) that would be totally ridiculous ! Dave look at he , a little confuse . julie it mean '' cool . '' dave we practice over at eastside field . so you might ... stand out a little , if you know what I be sayin’ . bryson guess I ’1ll have to work on my tan . Dave give Julie a smile . smart kid . she should be proud . CUT to : ext . julie and bryson 's bunglaow - day - moment later the cadillac pull up to a clean , modest little house on lower middle - class street full of similar home . as bryson get out with he swim bag , Julie follow Dave to the trunk . when he open it , she quickly grab she gear bag . dave see , now the way it work be , the man 's s'pose to carry the bag . julie except when the woman need to show she be not totally pathetic . dave I insist . ( continued ) 68 . continued : after a long beat , she relent . hand he the gear . tracking angle to front porch as they cross to the house , bryson be already open the front door . he call back to Dave . bryson see ya , coach . dave keep it tight , bryson . bryson scamper inside as Dave and Julie get to the porch . julie soon as I get inside , I will call a tow , get my car out of you hair . dave look , I know a guy who run a repair shop . why do not you let I get he to take a look . julie ( suddenly concerned ) that 's really sweet , but I can not really afford a big repair bill -- dave trust I . this guy owe I . ( offer he hand ) and clarice and I owe you . after a long beat , she shake on it reluctantly . julie thank you . I mean it . it 's awkward for a beat . she lean in and give hima grateful kiss on the cheek , then enter and close she door . Dave stand there for a moment feel strangely exhilated . CUT to : ext . johnson house - garage - night - later that night tight on wheel block , and widen to see Julie 's car have be push into Dave 's garage and be up on jack . Dave slide out from underneath on a dolly , hold on to some engine part . he 's get grease on he hand and face . CUT to : 69 . ext . julie and bryson 's bunglaow - night - even later with a little grease still on he face , Dave be at Julie 's front door . he place Julie 's car key in a mailbox hang near the door . and tuck a note in the screen door . tracking angle to car Dave cross back to the street where Brock 's beamer be wait with the engine run . as he do , we now see that Julie 's sentra be park in she driveway . int . brock ’'s beamer - night - continuous Dave open the door and slide in next to Brock who be dress in what look like pajamas and a tee-shirt . brock that must be one special physical therapist to interrupt my beauty sleep like this . dave she be . brock you think she 's seein 's anyone ? dave just drive , fool . Brock shrug it off with a smile and gun the accelerator . ext . julie and bryson 's bunglaow - night - continuous the porch light come on and the door open . Julie find the note just as the beamer be drive off . confused , she open the note and we read it with she over she shoulder . dave ( v.o. ) Julie ... I do not want to wake you . all you need be a new solenoid , so I be able to fix it myself . hope it will not give you any trouble for awhile . blessing ... Dave . as she watch the beamer disappear around a corner , Julie give a stunne smile that just say '' wow . '' and we will hear the sound of church bell ringing . dissolve to : 70. int . emmanuel fellowship church —- sanctuary - day the service have not yet begin , but the pews be fill up as Bishop wilk -- look a little older and wiser than when we last see he -- be down front greeting he parishioner . another angle clarice look stun in she best church dress and hat as she slowly enter with the aid she cane . Dave , in he best suit , be at she side . mama , also look lovely , follow behind , ad libbing greeting with acquaintance like a mother hen . Michelle , already there with she handsome husband todd , stand up in she pew and gasp when she see clarice walk . michelle Lord Jesus , I be have a vision ! she rush over and embrace clarice , and they both have to work hard to hold back they tear . clarice hi , sister girl . michelle look at you ! walkin 's like Black miss America down the runway to get you crown . we need some praise Jesus music up in this place ! Bishop wilk cross over to Dave who be stand back from the happy reunion . greet he with a warm handshake . bishop wilk wonderful to see you in church , Dave . sister wilk and I be prayin 's for you every day . dave I know mama Clark be givin 's you the four-one - one since the accident . bishop wilk oh , yes . but we have not just be prayin’ since the accident . I be prayin 's for you since the day I marry you and clarice . ( winking at they ) anybody I tie the knot for get on my special list . ( continued ) 71 . continued : which take Dave aback . Bishop notice the pain in he eye . bishop I hope you know we be always here for you . twenty -four-seven . if God 's family be only for Sunday , then we a pretty flimsy family . dave ( think about this ) that 's straight , Bishop . thanks . Dave watch as the Bishop cross off , and we begin hearing a kick Gospel tune , perhaps something like kirk Franklin 's '' blessing in the STORM '' which will carry we through : series of mos shot a ) a vibrant church choir in they colorful robe in all they wonderful glory , sing the song we be hearing . B ) a young girl sing a solo in the middle of the number . C ) Michelle and Todd lift they hand in praise as the song continue . D ) Bishop wilk preaching the word with authority . he wipe he brow and he tear as he preach . that 's what happen when the Holy ghost come over a prophet . E ) mama speak back the Bishop as he make a point she like . F ) clarice look up at the cross at the front of the church . be in church do she heart good . F ) Dave stare straight ahead , think . distract . and as the song conclude , we will ... dissolve to : ext . emmanuel fellowship church - day - later as service be let out , Dave escort clarice and mama into the sunshine where they ad lib well wish with several parishioner . colorful , eccentric , carmen mcatee spot they and cross over excitedly . carmen my Lord , can I get a witness over here ? look at you , clarice . it 's good to see you in church , sister . ( continued ) 72 . continued : clarice hi , carmen . Nice to see you , too . as carmen engage clarice , we will adjust to find Dave . he turn and spot something that get he attention . dave 's Pov a caucasian woman with she back turn to we . from this angle , she curvy build and hairstyle look exactly like somebody we have see before . she 's just clean up in a Sunday dress and high-heel . back to scene a smile grow on Dave 's face . he can not believe it . he tap the woman on the shoulder . dave Julie ? the woman spin around . it 's not Julie -- not even close . in fact , she 's a little ugly for somebody so shapely . woman Excuse I ? dave ( surprised , disappointed ) sorry . I think you be somebody else . look for a quick escape , Dave see Michelle 's husband , Todd , and take the opportunity to get real friendly . adjust to find clarice and mama . Dave 's little faux pas have not be lose on they . they trade a look , before clarice put on a smile for another well - wisher who have come over to greet she . CUT to : int . johnson house - kitchen - later mama have prepare one of she traditional Sunday dinner with all the fixing -- turkey , stuff and sweet potato pie . only there 's not much talk go on as they eat in silence . clarice that be some real '' soul food '' we get in church today . we need to start goin 's more often . but Dave have not really hear she . his mind be elsewhere . ( continued ) 73 . continued : dave pass they butter bean , baby . clarice silently push the bowl of bean he direction . she can feel mama 's eye on she , but choose not to look . CUT to : int . johnson house - master bedroom - night that evening , Dave be brush he tooth , while clarice be rub the scar on she leg with some vitamin E cream . clarice take a deep breath for the courage to say something that have be on she mind . clarice this scare I , David . dave what scare you ? clarice this . the silence between we . it 's like we be a couple of ghost float around this place . dave I do not like it either . clarice I know I be really distant with you since the accident . it 's just I do not know how to deal with what I be feelin . 's there be some day I wish I could just stay asleep and never wake up . dave I know . clarice but what scare I even more than that be you pullin’ away from I . they eye meet for a long moment . Dave do not know what to say . and he lack of a response speak volume to clarice . clarice ( cont 'd ) I want to talk to someone about it . dave you mean like a counselor ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : clarice would you do that for I ? for we ? Dave sit next to she on the bed and pull she into he arm . dave sure , baby . clarice I just want we to go back to the way it be before the accident . before it all get mess up . but as Dave continue to hold she , the doubt in he eye say thing have be mess up for a lot longer than she think . dissolve to : int . emmanuel fellowship church —- counseling office - day we ’1ll close on a painting which depict a rather - dark complexion Jesus , and then we 's 1ll pan across several frame diploma with a lot of '' phd '' this and '' MARRIAGE & family '' that and all bear a name : '' carmen mcatee . '' and then we ’1ll find a very uncomfortable Dave and clarice sit on a leather couch across from carmen . she have a clipboard on she lap and be wear a especially colorful lady 's dashiki . carmen I want to give both of you some love for have the courage to come in today . it mean you want to make you marriage work . and frankly that be not easy this day . Dave and clarice both nod , awkwardly . carmen ( cont 'd ) clarice , let 's start with you . why do not you give you view of what 's go on in you relationship . clarice well , since the accident I know I have be depressed and we have not talk very much . it just seem like we whole marriage Dave be always johnny on the spot with I . but lately , he seem distract ... like he 's somewhere else . Dave just stare at she . can not believe what he 's hearing . ( continued ) 75 . continued : dave how can you say that ? I be by you side through this whole thing . clarice I be not talk about physically . I be talk about emotionally . dave well , maybe somebody 's gettin’ in the way of that . carmen what do you mean by that , Dave . Dave glance at clarice and she flash he a '' do not go there '' look . Dave pull back . dave never mind . this little exchange be not lose on carmen . carmen you know , this work better if we be all honest with each another . Dave look at clarice . this time she do not meet he eye . dave it 's she mama . she be livin’ with we since clarice get out the hospital . if I be '' somewhere else , '' maybe it 's ' cause I be try to get away from she bein 's all up in my grill about everything . clarice that 's not true . dave yes , it be , boo . no matter what I do , I can not please the woman . and it be not just since this accident . it 's be we whole marriage . clarice well , maybe we should talk about why mama be displease . like you lack of discipline when it come to takin 's care of business with you building maintenance company . ( continued ) continued : 76 . dave it be not no building maintenance company . do not make it out like it 's better than it be . I ’ma glorify janitor . if I be always buggin’ over it , it 's ' cause I hate every damn minute of it . carmen Dave , if you hate it so much , why keep do it ? dave ask she . clarice look at carmen hope she ’1ll be a ally in this . clarice he be a high school coach make twenty - six - thousand dollar a year . if we be ever gonna be able to move up in the world , he need to be more ambitious . so we have he start he own company . carmen who be we ? clarice us. him and I . Dave just roll he eye on that one . clarice ( cont 'd ) unless you shaquille o'neal , there be not room for fun and game for a black man . a black man have to work ten time harder just to get to the start line . dave even if it mean havin’ to give up what you love ? clarice yes . where be you goin’ with it , David ? you be a junior varsity coach for ten year . I be sorry to say this , baby , but be not nobody at the U.T. be blowin’ up you phone to come coach the longhorn . this one hurt . Dave look away from she , ashamed . ( continued ) 77 . continued : carmen Dave , what be it you love best about coach ? dave ( fight he emotion ) bein 's with they boy . helpin’ they get past the curveball life be throwin’ at ‘em . helpin’ they believe they could be somebody . carmen you mean , kind of like what a daddy be suppose to do with a son ? Dave look up at she sharply . a light come on for he . dave yeah , just like that . but now clarice be roll she eye . clarice oh , please . let 's not drag out that tired old topic . carmen what topic be that ? clarice seem freeze by the question . dave go ahead . say it , clarice . another long beat before it all come gush out . clarice Fine . you wanna talk about it ? I know exactly what you after . every time , you put you hand on I , I know what you want . you want baby . family . dave what 's wrong with that ? clarice because we be over it a million time . it 's not what I want . I be not ready to give up all the place I wanna go in life . ( more ) ( continued ) 78 . continued : clarice ( cont 'd ) besides , look at we , try to keep we marriage together . you think a baby 's gonna solve we problem ? Dave look at she for a wounded moment . dave I use to . but now I do not know . this be tough thing for clarice to hear . carmen okay , I know this be painful , but I think we be get somewhere . but both Dave and clarice 's face say they be not so sure . CUT to : int . clarice 's cadillac - traveling - day Dave and clarice ride along in they own raw space , not say anything . some newstalk show , play on the radio , be suddenly interrupt by a long tone , and then : announcer ( over radio ) this be a test of the emergency alert system . this be only a test . if this have be a actual emergency , a official message would follow . but neither Dave or clarice seem to have notice . dissolve to : ext . downtown little league field - dugout - day Brock be in the dugout speak on he cell phone while Dave be hit infield - outfield practice to the boy in the b.g. brock thank you , mar ’am . I x11 let he know . Brock hang up he phone and give a sigh . angle on dave - moment later Brock sidle up to Dave just as he hit a long outfield fly . dave what he mama say ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : brock he 's harass the kid now . she 's afraid to let he come to practice . dave ( beat , frustrated ) what 's that fool tryin' to do ? guarantee he kid turn out just like he ? he call out to jaylen in the outfield . dave ( cont 'd ) jaylen , move to second . carlos be not comin . just then , Brock notice something o.s. , chuckle . brock either somebody miss the turn to the good side of the track or we get company . Dave follow he line of sight to : there Pov smiling Julie and bryson stride toward we , wave , call . bryson hey , coach ! back to scene if it 's possible for a black man to blanche , Dave do . dave Lord almighty , I never think they have actually come . brock that 's the physical therapist ? Dave nod . Brock check she out -- bumper to bumper . brock ( cont 'd ) you know , I be feelin’ a little leg cramp . you think she have rub it out ? dave ( irritate ) put you tongue back in you mouth , fool . ( continued ) 80 . continued : another angle as Julie and bryson arrive at home plate . julie hi , Dave . I hope you do not mind , but he would not take '' maybe next '' week for a answer . dave no , that 's cool . that 's great . bryson , glad you could make it . Brock quickly bump past Dave , offer he hand . brock you must be Julie . Dave and clarice talk about you all the time . I be Brock , assistant coach and Dave 's best friend . I be sure he 's tell you all about I . julie ( blankly ) no ... sorry . but nice to meet you anyway . just then fat Marcus call out to Dave from first base . marcus yo , coach . who 's the little soda cracker ? Dave offer Julie a apologetic look , then call to the boy . dave this be bryson sawyer . he 's gonna be workin’ out with we today . bryson ( try out he cool ) what 's crackin’ ya 'il ? various reaction around the diamond -- from stunne to skeptical to jaw hang open . ext . downtown little league field - day - later bryson be now stand at second base , wear a glove , look ready for action , but unsure of what to do . ( continued ) 81 . continued : dave all right , bryson . I be gonna hit you a ground ball and then you go to first with it . bryson gotcha , coach . Dave hit a roller to bryson . Dave hit it so softly , it die on the dirt about five foot in front of he . bryson walk over , pick it up and toss it to the first baseman . dave good pick up , bryson ! Way to read the ball ! bryson look a little disappointed and some of the boy be snicker in they glove . deshawn yo , coach , what be this ? tee -ball ? my ' lil sister could have make that play and she blind in one eye . which ignites a round of cackle across the diamond . Dave promptly hit a scorching line - drive at deshawn , which he have to duck in order to avoid get he take off . dave maybe we should try out you ' lil sister at shortstop . deshawn give Dave a worried look , then turn to bryson deshawn Nice play , little white dude . angle on stand Julie be watch and she concern turn into a smile . back to scene dave okay , bryson , infield fly . Dave hit a tall pop fly out to second base . as bryson try to get a read on it , he move one way , then another , then turn in a circle try to keep he eye on the ball . finally he stick up he glove and the ball fall right on -- he head . it daze he momentarily , but he recover quickly . ( continued ) 82 . continued : bryson I be okay . I be okay . ( look around confuse ) be there like million of gnat fly around my head ? Dave and Brock exchange concerned look . dave hustle in here . coach Brock gonna break open the ice pack . ext . downtown little league field - day - even later bryson be in the on-deck circle with a bat in he hand . Brock have just finish throw bat practice to Darius . Dave plop a bat helmet down on he bryson 's head , smile . dave we do not any more of they gnat . bryson reciprocate with a smile . dave ( cont 'd ) okay , get in there . keep you eye on the ball . level swing . bryson step in the batter 's box . out in the field , lot of ad lib chatter and razzing from the player : '' hey batter - batter - batter '' with '' yo , twinkle toe '' in there somewhere . brock here we go , bryson . nothing fancy . Brock wind up and fire the ball to the catcher , Marcus . bryson do not even get the bat off he shoulder , cause a chorus of boos from the field . jaylen call from second base . jaylen what you waitin’ for , batter ? a invitation in the mail ? bryson I think it be outside . marcus Boy , that be so down the middle amtrak coulda sell seat on it . Brock wind up and fire in another pitch . this time it be outside and bryson swing right through it . ( continued ) 83 . continued : marcus ( cont 'd ) now that be outside . darius yo , twinkle toe , where coach find you -- cheerleader camp ? angle on stand now Julie be concerned , and bite she nail nervously . back to scene this time Brock do the reprimand , glaring at Darius . brock hey , Darius , be not that you who miss the cutoff throw Saturday and throw the ball into the stand ? in 1ll bet that old lady still have a bump on she forehead . now Darius be the target of derision and trash talk , like '' oh , boy , he tag you straight up , '' etc . dave let 's go , bryson , you can do this . focus on the ball like it 's the finish line in that pool . bryson give he a nod , step back into the box . Brock step onto on the mound , wind up and we will go into slow -motion as : series of shot a ) the ball come sailing in . B ) bryson narrow he eye . C ) here come he bat . D ) here come the ball . E ) the bat impact with the ball with a loud crack . F ) there go the ball . a rocket shot . G ) Marcus throw off he catcher mask , astonished look on he face . h ) Darius can clearly be see mouth the word '' shit . '' I ) Brock follow the trajectory with he eye . ( continued ) 84 . continued : J ) Julie have she hand over she mouth , hold she breath . k ) Dave , with a very pleased look on he face , as L ) the ball clear the low fence in right field . Home run . we will come back to real time as Julie cheer from the stand . julie whoo-hoo ! bryson ! put a hurt on that ball ! Dave and Brock rush over and give bryson excited high - fives . dave now that 's what I be talk about ! brock you go yard , dude ! I can not even go yard ! but it 's he peer who really count . very black Marcus offer he hand to very white bryson . marcus you for real , dawg . bryson thanks , man . a moment that make Dave and Brock very proud . ext . downtown little league field - day - sometime later practice be over . in the dugout , several of the player be chat quietly with bryson . he 's the man . and we will adjust to find Dave and Brock stow equipment near home plate as Julie cross to they . julie I can not tell you both how much this mean to he today . ( look at Dave ) and to I . a look not lose on Dave . Brock look up at the sky , sigh . brock you know , Julie , it 's start to get dark , and this be not the safest neighborhood . why do not you let I walk you and bryson to you car . ( continued ) 85 . continued : julie uh , sure ... okay . ( look again at Dave ) thanks again , Dave . dave ( long beat , meaning it ) my pleasure . brock Julie , I be think ... if you ever need to reach we ... as Brock lead Julie away , he hand she a business card . brock ( cont 'd ) ... in case bryson want to come to practice again . or if you ever just want to talk about , you know ... baseball ... you can always give I a ring on my cell phone . as Dave watch they go , shaking he head , Brock turn and give he a really annoying wink . CUT to : int . downtown housing project - hallway - night - moment we be moving through a trash -strewn corridor and find a beat - up - look door . nasty -sound rap play somewhere o.s. a black hand knock on the door . after a few beat , it open and a red-ey darnell stand there , shirt off , tatted up . behind he , marijuana smoke hang in the air and we can see the '' ho '' we see earlier . she button she blouse , adjust she skirt so as not to show off the goods . darnell what the hell you want ? angle including Dave and he have a load - for-bear look in he eye . dave if you wanna beef , G , then let 's get it on . but do not kill you boy 's future ' cause you get a problem with I . darnell ai not none of you goddamn business what I do with my boy . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 . continued : darnell ( cont 'd ) you be not nothin’ but a minstrel show . go put on some shoe -polish , nigger . you white 's show . dave how you gonna hate on a brother just for gettin’ he shit together ? darnell have no answer for this . just keep stare . dave ( cont 'd ) you better knock that victim chip off you shoulder or someday carlos gonna end up where ya will do . darnell ( eye narrowing ) you punk - ass would know all about that , would not it ? dave when you gonna stop blamin’ the world for not punchin’ you college ticket , darnell ? nobody force you to sling no crack . that be not nobody else 's shit . it 's all on you . this bite . hard . darnell 's eye be cold and hard . darnell fuck you . so that 's how it be . Dave shake he head . dave from now on , I be pickin’ carlos up for practice . and you better stay the hell out of the way . Dave turn walk away from darnell . darnell next time you come up in here , nigger , come strapped ' cause I be gonna drop you ass . Dave never look back . darnell slam he door . ext . downtown housing project - night - moment later a three - story housing unit . all break glass and pimp - up ride out front . ( continued ) 87 . continued : Dave exit through a door with a sign : '' no animal allowed . '' he trade look with a young black crew on the stoop . they look at he like '' who 's this alien mofo ? '' CUT to : int . johnson house - kitchen - night when Dave enter , clarice and mama be clear the dinner dish . Dave and clarice trade a look which say they be not talk to each other . Dave 's a man of few word right now . mama you want I to warm you up a plate . dave no thanks . Dave 's cell phone ring . he look at the caller id . dave ( cont 'd ) it 's work . i’1l take it outside . as Dave exit , a slight look of alarm come over clarice . julie ( over phone ) ( v.o. ) Dave , forgive I for intrude ... CUT to : int . julie' nissan - traveling - night - same time bryson have he head jack into a ipod and be get he dance on , as Julie drive and talk on she cell phone . julie ( into phone ) but this kid be higher than a kite , and he 's not gonna give I any peace until I ask you something . intercut with : ext . johnson house - driveway - night - same time Dave pace as he talk on he cell phone . dave ask I what ? julie he say he owe you . ( continued ) 88 . continued : dave tell he he can pay I back by get to the Olympic someday . julie ( over phone ) I do not think that 's 1ll be enough . in the car , bryson pull off he earphone , grab the phone . bryson coach , after you game Saturday , can you come to the swim Stadium ? dave how come ? bryson you teach I how to hit a baseball . now I gotta teach you how to freestyle . Julie grab the phone back , roll she eye at bryson . julie so what do you say , coach ? dave ( chuckle ) I say the boy could sell fry chicken at a family reunion . int . johnson house - kitchen - night - same time clarice have come to the kitchen window and be look out . her Pov while we can not make out Dave 's conversation through the window , he seem to be chat happily with someone . back to scene clarice turn and see mama watch she from the doorway . mama I do not know what that man have on he brain right now , baby , but livin 's with you raggedy ass daddy all they year ... I get a guess . mama exit to the live room . clarice do not respond . dissolve to : 89 . int . private massage room - night Dave be prone on he stomach on a massage table in a room light by candle and accented with soft , sensual music ( something like '' sexual healing '' ) . we TRAVEL from he content face along he side to he hind part , cover by a small towel . another angle his back be cover with oil , and now petite , yet strong white female hand begin run down he naked back in a suggestive ( but shot very discreet ) way . her finger linger at he towel line teasingly . we catch a glimpse of a short , sexy silk robe . Dave moan as she whisper in he ear . Dave then turn over on he back and look up at we . he Pov the sexy woman be Julie . she smile seductively and begin to loosen the belt of she robe . back to scene Dave close he eye , receive some mysterious pleasure . smash CUT to : int . johnson house - master bedroom - night - same time we be close on dave 's face and he be be shake awake , and we widen to see clarice be the one do the shaking . dave what 's wrong ? why you shakin’ I ? clarice you be moanin’ . I think you be havin 's a heart attack . dave I ... I musta be dreamin . 's clarice lift the sheet , look south of he stomach . a hint of disgust glint in she eye . clarice yeah , I can see what kind of dream you be havin’ . dave ( bust , embarrassed ) go back to sleep . ( continued ) 90 . continued : he turn he back to cover he arousal . she stare at he for a long moment , then it hit she . she turn to see a cell phone on she night stand . silently , she open the phone and push a button . Pov - phone we be look at the '' call log '' screen and the most recent call on the list be from : '' sawyer , julie . '' back to scene clarice stare at the screen for a long beat , then quietly return the phone to the night stand , fall into she pillow . angle above bed the two of they , they back turn to each other , both awake . both think , worry . dissolve to : int . hasting properties & real estate - day clarice , dress sharply in a attractive pants suit , enter with the aid of she cane . when she co-worker see she , they begin to applaud and many offer hug and ad libbed greeting . Michelle be wait for she at the end with open arm . michelle girl , you a sight for sore eye . clarice offer she a modest , grateful smile . clarice time to get back to work . int . hasting real estate - clarice 's office - day - later Michelle be excitedly bring clarice up to speed . clarice watch out the window as she listen . michelle ( hand she file ) so I manage to get the hodson , lowry and svenson line up to see property this weekend . ( save best for last ) and check this . the reid make a offer through another agent and it fall out of escrow . ( continued ) continued : but clarice do not react . Michelle look puzzle . she pull up a chair and lock in she girlfriend radar . michelle ( cont 'd ) okay , girl , where be you head at ? clarice turn and look at she blankly . clarice I be sorry ... ? michelle I just tell you the reid be still in play , and you look like you on Mars . what be goin 's on ? clarice ( try to cover ) it 's nothing . I be fine . michelle do not make a sister go Oprah on you ass . clarice take a deep breath , then decide to give it up . burden mist up in she eye . clarice I think Dave be steppin 's out on I . michelle ( gasp , disbelief ) oh , honey , be you sure ? clarice I can see it in he eye . michelle hmm-hmm . it 's always in they eye . clarice I do not know what to do . I know what mama would tell I to do . what she herself do ... walk out and not look back . I feel like throwin’ up just goin’ there . Michelle move in closer to she . michelle now you listen to I . I be not lettin’ you wait to exhale on I , girl . Dave 's too good a man to lose . ( more ) 91 . the ( continued ) continued : 92 . michelle ( cont 'd ) last thing you wanna do be something you can not take back . ( beat , soberly ) trust I , I know . clarice do not tell I Todd be tappin’ on something . michelle ( hang head ) no . it be I who be tappin . 's clarice I have no idea , Michelle . michelle ai not somethin’ a sister want in the church bulletin . the reason I be tellin’ you to hang onto you marriage no matter what be because that 's what my man do for I . I be out gettin’ my freak on , and he could have kick I to the curb . ( hang head , tear come ) but he do not . he pray that God would fill the need I have in I that be cause I to stray . he pray for he prodigal wife to come home . and for the forgiveness he would need if I ever do . clarice and do he ? do he forgive you ? michelle it be hard . it take a long time . but that 's a secret about how God work . he make possible what the world say be impossible . my husband do not give up on I , and I do not ever want to sacrifice he heart like that again . clarice look at she for a long moment , tear welling up . off Michel clarice I be glad for you , Michelle . but I do not think I have it in I to do what Todd do . le 's worried look -- CUT to : 93. int . dave 's panel van - day Dave be park on the street out front of the downtown aquatics Club . he watch as family enter the stadium . he sigh and start he engine , but change he mind , turn off the key . he screw up he courage and open he door . CUT to : ext . swim stadium - day - moment later electricity in the air . pack bleacher . bryson come out of the locker room in he brightly color warm - up and make he way over to wear Julie and some of the other parent be wait with he teammate . julie Babe , you sure you be not take on too much , swim five event ? bryson it 's regionals . coach need I . Julie pull he in for a hug and a hair-tousle . dave ( 0.s. ) hope you do not mind a little extra pressure . Julie and bryson spin to see Dave stand there . bryson no way ! coach , you make it ! dave you swimmin’ for the gold , young man . I would not miss it . now the color drain from bryson 's face , replace by dread . bryson I be not feel so good . Excuse I ... I do not wanna hurl on you . he rush off to the locker room . Dave look concerned . julie ( not to worry ) he do that all the time . dissolve to : 94 , ext . swim stadium - bleacher - day - later Dave and Julie be sit together in the pack stand . we hear the drone of a airplane overhead . our Pov a single -engine plane trail a advertising banner read : '' the greatest tragedy be indifference ... the red cross . '' back to scene but Dave and Julie be too engross in the meet to notice . announcer ( over p.a. ) fifty freestyle . heat seven . swimmer to the block . they watch excitedly as bryson make he way to he lane . Dave yell out he support . dave yo , bryson , remember you King King up in this pool ! some of the parent around they stare at Dave , annoyed . he may be a little over the top , but Julie appreciate it . julie you know , he father have never once see he swim . dave his father 's a stupid man . julie I be afraid bryson will not be able to look you in the eye if he do not place in this race . dave please , this boy do not need to impress I . he 's already a champion just bein’ here . julie I know that . but try convincing he . and the sound of the starter gun will take we into : ( continued ) 95 . continued : series of shot a ) we be under water as bryson hit the pool and we will track he progress from this angle for several stroke . B ) and now we be at the edge of the pool look across all eight lane and watch the swimmer . bryson and another boy be just a nose ahead of the pack . C ) Dave and Julie be watch breathless as parent all around cheering and scream . D ) under water , bryson hit the turn wall one stroke behind the leader and a few stroke ahead of the next best swimmer . bryson 's flip turn be perfect . E ) now we be half way back to the finish line and bryson begin to turn on the afterburner . he catch the leader . F ) close on from above bryson and the leader . nose and nose . G ) Dave be now cheer with the rest of the parent , but Julie have she eye close . can not bear to watch . h ) at the wall , it 's a photo finish for bryson and the other swimmer . too close for we to call . announcer ( over p.a . ) judge 's ruling ... winner heat seven ... by two -one-hundredths of a second ... bryson sawyer . I ) in the stand , Dave and Julie go bananas , hugging spontaneously before pull apart , look slightly awkward . angle by pool a proud coach spinello be already wrapping bryson in a towel . coach spinello you get this high school boy look over they shoulder . no mercy , right kiddo ? bryson no mercy . Julie and Dave rush up . coach look at Julie , dead serious . coach spinello you need to start think junior Olympic for this boy . ( continued ) continued : 96 . julie I will . the coach cross off . Dave pull bryson into a bear hug . dave now that 's what I be talkin’ about ! Boy , you be off the chain ! bryson thanks , coach . but I still get four more race this afternoon . dave first , call I '' Dave . '' I be not the coach today . you the coach . ( hold he chest ) and if you expect I to sit through four more race like that , I be gonna need I some heart pill . bryson be beam . so be Julie . bryson Mom , coach say I need to carbo - load before my next heat . can Dave go with we to graziano ? julie honey , I be sure Dave 's have a busy -- Dave cut she off with a hand on she shoulder . dave I have love to go . ( put arm around bryson ) all the carb you can eat . my treat . CUT to : int . downtown pizza parlor - day - later we be tight on some n.d. video game . lot of beeps and bell , and widen to see bryson and a few of the other swimmer in they warm up , drop quarter in a wall full of machine in a pizza joint with a family atmosphere . angle on table Dave and Julie be chat freely , pick at the last sliver of a pizza together in a quiet booth . ( continued ) 97 . continued : julie so if you love be a high school coach so much , why do you quit ? Dave look at she for a long moment . dave you the second person who 's ask I that this week , and I do not have a good answer . julie well , if you ask I , life be too short not to follow you bliss . dave my what ? julie bliss . you thing . you passion . the one thing you do better than anything else . I have always believe you should do what you love , and not worry about the money . if you do what you be bear to do , the money will take care of itself . ( remember something ) course , that have not exactly pan out with this cheap - frigging - hmo I work for , but you get my point . Dave have to chuckle at this . she gaze at he long moment . julie ( cont 'd ) Dave , I hope you will not take this the wrong way , but as a single woman , I be sort of a expert . dave on what ? julie good man . the '' 's til death do we part '' type . the protect and cherish type . I and my single friend sit around bitching about how all the guy like you be already take . ( sighing sadly ) clarice be a lucky woman . she have no idea how hard it be find a man like you . ( continued ) 98 . continued : Dave think a beat , then venture into taboo territory . dave sometimes I wish I be not ... take . Julie look at he for a long moment . julie what be you say ? dave I be not sure . but I need to find out . they look into each other 's eye and the implication hang in the air . a door chime ringing draw they attention to : angle on front door Brock just enter in he best Saturday casual . as he cross into the restaurant he do a double - take when he see Dave and Julie look at he from a private booth . back to scene Dave hang he head . the moment be over . Brock walk up to they table , surprised , confuse . brock Dave , what be you do here ? dave I could ask you the same thing . brock I live across the street . oh , right . Dave and Julie trade awkward look . Julie jump up , try to put she best cover on thing . julie Nice to see you again , Brock . bryson invite Dave to he meet . team order too many pizza and we need a extra stomach . brock oh. cool . julie I be gonna go check on the boy . Dave , thanks again for come . it be really great of you . ( continued ) 99 , continued : she offer she hand , and he receive it . it all look very harmless , but they touch linger for longer than it should . then Julie cross off . Brock eye Dave suspiciously . brock you wanna tell I what the hell 's goin 's on here , brother . Dave do not like he tone , but do not want to play game . dave do not get all self - righteous with I . not with the way you be droolin’ all over she at practice the other day . brock hey , time out . that 's not the point . I get to drool all I want . I be not the one who 's marry . dave what be you -- my mama ? brock ( beat , that hurt ) no , I be the guy who 's suppose to have my best friend 's back , and I do not want to see he do something stupid and screw up he life . but Dave be numb , even to this . dave my life 's already screw up . I appreciate you concern , but I do not want you advice on this . as Dave cross off , Brock watch he sadly , wounded . tracking angle follow Dave over to Julie and bryson at the video game . bryson hey , Dave , you want to get you brain blow out in Neo geo ? dave ( chuckle ) I will have to pass on that . and I be gonna need a raincheck on the rest of you race this afternoon . ( continued ) 100 . continued : bryson how come ? dave ( look at Julie ) I get I some stuff to work out . bryson that 's cool . how about next week ? I get a aau meet . i’11 bring my gold from today to show you . dave I have like that , son . Dave ruffle he hair . he give Julie one last look , before exite . CUT to : int . johnson house - master bedroom - day Dave enter somberly . the curtain be draw shut and the only light come from light several candle . Dave lay he cell phone on the nightstand , then sit on the edge of he bed and put he head in he hand . clarice ( 0.s. ) you do not notice the candle . Dave look up to see clarice in sexy nothing of a nighty , poise on she cane near she vanity . Dave be not only surprised to see she -- but surprised to see she like this . dave reesie ... clarice ( best come-hither voice ) remember the candle when we first get marry ? they be always my signal . '' Green light , baby . I be gonna whip somethin’ on you . '' clarice begin to limp slowly toward Dave with she cane , she wick scar more visible than ever on she bare leg . Dave look at she , deeply conflict . dave be you sure you wanna do this ? she gingerly climb on the bed and begin rub he shoulder . ( continued ) 101 . continued : clarice I send mama on a errand . we need this . I think it 's why we arguin 's so much . we need to get back to the lovin’ part of we marriage . dave what about you leg ? clarice I will be careful . she begin to kiss he on the neck . but he do not respond . clarice ( cont 'd ) oh , baby , I want you so much . she try to nibble on he ear . this time , he stop she . dave reesie , you do not have to do this . she pull back on the bed , wounded , desperate , paranoid . clarice it 's my scar . i’11 put some make up on ‘em so you do not have to look at ‘em . dave it 's not you scar . now she hurt turn to betrayal and explosive rage . clarice it 's because you have a affair , be not it , you bastard ? dave what ? clarice with Julie sawyer . dave that be not true . clarice you think I have not notice the little phone call ? the way you look for she in a crowd ? the way you light up when she 's around ? what be the truth if you be not hittin’ it with that woman ? ( continued ) 102 . continued : Dave look at she with a mix of confusion , guilt in he eye . she 's not wrong . after a long moment , he sigh . dave it be not go as far as a affair . but I can not lie to you . thing be not be right for we in a long time ... and I do feel somethin’ for this girl . for Julie . Big tear of resignation form in clarice 's eye , and she cover herself with the bedding -- as if ashamed of she body . clarice it 's worse than affair . she 's take you heart from I , and that be not something 's I can do anything about . neither of they say anything for a long time . clarice ( cont 'd ) be we over , David ? dave ( eye welling up ) I do not know , reesie . I gotta do some think . Dave turn and exit quietly . clarice fall back into she pillow , sobbing . and we will find he cell phone rest on the night stand and begin hearing a soulful r&b tune ( perhaps something like luther vandross 's '' I who have nothing '' ) . intercut : montage of mos scene int . downtown gymnasium - day Dave return to the empty gym and begin shoot hoop all by himself . and he push himself really hard . ext . swim stadium - day bryson step up to the block for he final heat as Julie look on proudly in the b.g . and we will see the puff of smoke from the starter 's gun and bryson dive into liquid blue . 103 . int . downtown gymnasium - day Dave make a basket and turn to see someone else there with the same agenda as he . it 's darnell . they stand face each other for a long moment ... dueling with they eye . Dave finally fire the ball to he -- a invitation to a little one - on - one game . darnell smirk . let 's do this . ext . swim stadium - bleacher - day Julie 's in the bleacher , cheer , scream , willing bryson onto victory . int . downtown gymnasium - day darnell try to fake Dave with the ball , but Dave do not go for it , so darnell drive right through he hard . Dave fall on he back , slamm he head on the court and darnell score . Dave pop back , up rub he head , and hold out he hand for the ball . now it 's he turn . ext . swim stadium - pool - day we be tracking close on bryson as he swim for all he 's worth . with every turn of he head for a breath , we see confidence , determination to win in he eye . int . johnson house - master bedroom - day mama enter the room with a shopping back and a rosy disposition . then she see clarice , eye red with tear , in she bathrobe sit disconsolately on the floor next to she bed . mama 's face fall . she know what this be about . she be there , do that . int . downtown gymnasium - day Dave be drive the lane . when he hit the free-throw line , he leap toward the basket , Michael Jordan style , higher and higher until he knee be almost at the level of darnell 's head . and as Dave slam the ball through the basket , he foot catch darnell square on the face . when Dave land , darnell be wiping blood from he mouth , smile at he . 104 . ext . swim stadium - pool we be still tracking bryson as he make he final flip turn . and then suddenly we be try to catch back up he because he have pick up he pace . and now we can see that he be a full length ahead of the next best swimmer . int . downtown gymnasium - day Dave make a desperate attempt to cut off darnell 's path to the basket , but miss and slam into the wall -- leave blood and sweat mark on the wall . smiling , he turn back to darnell with he own war-wound -- a bloody nose . ext . swim stadium - pool as parent and he teammate be root he on along the edge of the pool in the b.g. , bryson be all by himself out front of the pack and he hit the wall for the win . angle on bleacher Julie go wild with joy and begin hugging everybody around she . but then Julie feel a need to look down at the pool . her Pov a crowd have gather around bryson 's lane . something 's wrong . bryson 's not get out of the water . int . downtown gymnasium - day darnell be dribble the ball when Dave bat it out of he hand . they both go diving after the ball at the same time , and both get they hand on it . it 's what 's call a '' jump ball '' and they both roll around on the floor , wrestle each other for the ball . finally , they both look at each other , realize how foolish this all be ... and begin laugh . ext . swim stadium - day Julie be panic as she try to fight through the crowd . and then the gauntlet open up and she see bryson on the pool deck . a small group of people be hover over he and a wet , drench coach spinello be push on he chest , over and over , yell something , tear roll down he face . and a horror she 's never feel before wash over Julie 's entire be . 105 . int . johnson house - master bedroom - day mama help a disconsolate clarice into she bed and pull the cover up . and then notice a flash light on the night stand -- Dave 's cell phone . she go over and look at it . close angle on phone the caller id display read : '' sawyer , julie . '' back to scene mama scowl . she press power button and turn the phone off . she set it back down with a self - righteous look . and as she do , we song and series of scene will end . dissolve to : int . downtown gymnasium - same time Dave and darnell be bloody , bruise and completely spend from they duel and sit in heaps against the wall . dave I have call that a draw , homey . darnell man to man , nobody listenin 's ... who get that scholarship if we be still back in the day ? dave ( beat , think ) you , dawg . hand -down . World always gonna love a shooter more than a big man . plus , you just a better player . darnell savor this word for a long moment . darnell so you think all the shit I be through be my own fault ? dave shit come down on everybody . you can either let it keep you on you ass . or you can choose to get past it . to beat it . ( continued ) 106 . continued : darnell what make you Dr. phil on the subject ? Dave suck in a bitter breath , remind of where he at . dave trust I , you be not the only one with problem . in some way , you get no idea how good you get it . darnell you talkin’ about carlos . dave you ever hear the story about the man who have no shoe ? darnell no . dave he feel sorry for himself until he meet a man who have no foot . ( with deep long ) do not waste a minute to be that boy 's daddy . it 's the only thing that really matter in this life . hundre year from now , you gonna be dead and go . but carlos gonna have a grandson who remember he great - grandpappy , darnell gooden . you still get a chance to make that a good memory . darnell ( nodd soberly ) that 's some real shit , ya will . and here I be jealous of you all this year for gettin’ that scholarship instead of I . dave brother , I would trade that scholarship and everything I have ever have for a son like carlos . now darnell have a question for Dave . darnell so when life knock you on you ass , how do you get back up ? ( continued ) 107 . continued : Dave be take aback by the question , and right now , it 's clear he do not have a damn clue how to answer . CUT to : int . johnson house - live room - night daylight have ebb as Dave walk in slowly , deplete and defeat , still wear be sweat . mama be there in the live room , stand by clarice 's side , wait for he . there 's fire in she eye that we have not see before . mama sit you butt down , young man . we gonna have a little come - to - Jesus meetin’ . clarice mama , let 's not do this . dave let she speak , clarice . she always have she own vote in this marriage . why change thing now ? clarice turn and glare at Dave . mama now you listen to I . however you gettin’ you itch scratch by this little white hoochie-mama Ho , it end right now , or you can pack you philanderin’ ass up and get outta dodge . clarice mama , it 's more complicated than that . mama ( never take off he ) no it be not , reesie . what be wrong with you , boy ? you get this beautiful black wife stand over here , and you do the bumpty - bump with a white girl ? you must be addict to bet and they foul - mouth rapper and they nasty little white fly girl . Dave have keep he mouth shut as long as he 's go to . ( continued ) 108 . continued : dave now it 's you turn you listen to I , you angry , bitter , man-hate old woman . whatever be happenin’ between I and Julie sawyer -- and I be not say I even know what that be -- it have nothin’ to do with she damn skin color . mama take off she wig , put up she duke . Fighting mad . mama where be that skank ? I be gonna knock both ya all into next week . just then , the house phone ring . Dave and mama glare at each other . it ring again . finally , clarice sigh and go to answer it . mama put she wig back on , still fume . clarice ( answer phone ) hello . brock ( over phone ) ( somber , sober ) clarice , it 's Brock . I need to speak with Dave . clarice it 's not a good time right now , Brock . brock ( over phone ) this be really important , clarice . there 's be a accident . clarice Accident ? which change thing and perk up mama 's ear . clarice look at Dave with deep concern and hand the phone to he . dave ( into phone ) what be this ? who have a accident ? intercut with : int . all saint hospital - waiting room - night - same time Brock be pace a room full of empty wait chair with he cell phone to he ear . ( continued ) continued : brock Julie have be try to call . she finally track I down when she could not reach you on you cell . Dave check he pocket , realize he do not have he dave why ? what happen ? brock there 's no easy way to say this , man , but bryson ... he 's go . dave bryson 's go ? what the hell do that mean ? 109 . phone . despite what 's happen between they , clarice pull in close to listen with he . brock in he final race , he go into the wall too hard . he hit he head . they try to revive he ... but he never regain consciousness . Dave feel like he 's be punch in the gut . clarice pull away from the phone , cover she mouth with she hand . clarice oh , sweet Jesus . brock I be at all Saints . I think you better get over here . Dave slowly hang up the phone . he 's in shock . clarice I 'il go with you . dave what ? clarice I want to go with you . just ' cause I have a problem with that woman do not mean I can not look past it at a time like this . can a black man look red ? if so , Dave do right now . ( continued ) 110 . continued : dave ( explode ) for God sake , clarice , what kind of man do you think I be ? you think I be gonna go over there and get my flirt on with a woman who just lose she only child ? clarice I do not mean it like -- dave ( hat this even more ) you know what ? Hell no . I do not want you come with I . not if gonna do I like that . Dave grab a jacket off a coat rack and start for the door . clarice be freeze . now it 's mama who fire the big gun . mama Young man , I do not care if sweet Judy Blue eye lose a whole damn bus load of child , if you walk out that door , clarice will not be here when you come back . Dave stare straight at clarice . she do not meet he eye . dave clarice have to do what she have to do . and so do i. with that , Dave walk out . CUT to : int . all saint hospital - corridor - night Dave have catch up with Brock and they be weaving in and out of hospital staff traffic . brock she 's pretty mess up , bro . her parent be drive up from Houston . the hospital do not know what to do with she because she refuse to leave until the funeral home come for the ... for bryson . dave where be she now ? ( continued ) 111 . continued : brock only place I could think of better than the lobby . CUT to : int . all saint hospital - little chapel - night - moment later Dave enter a quiet little wood and stain - glass refuge in the heart of the hospital . Julie be sit in the front pew with she head in she hand . when he see she , Dave 's heart hurt for she . dave ( softly ) Julie ? Julie look at he through red , liquid prism . she rush to he , sobbing , quaking , she voice hoarse with emotion . julie oh , Dave . my baby 's go . my baby boy be go . Dave let himself hold she tight and she take every bit of he warmth , he strength ... because she desperately need it . dave I know , honey . I be so sorry you could not reach I . I should have be there . at the meet . maybe I could have do something . julie it all happen so fast . it keep play in my head . over and over . it come out in gasp and she play it again n she mind . julie ( cont 'd ) he 's win the final heat , and I be scream louder than I ever have . but he do not get out of the pool right away like he always do . I be think he 's goof off . then coach spinello be jump in the water , pull he onto the deck , pound on he chest . then we be riding in the ambulance and they be use the paddle on he . break down again ( ( more ) g ) ( continued ) 112 . continued : julie ( cont 'd ) he be just lie there with he eye close like when I watch he sleep as a baby . his little chest would rise with every breath . so peaceful . but it be not rise anymore . I think if I could just rock he and sing to he , he would wake up and be okay . Dave hold she even tighter , stroking she hair . dave there 's nothing you could have do for he , honey . but he in God 's arm now . he wake up in God 's arm . julie do you really think so ? dave I know so , Julie . that boy be make for a better place than this . just then , Ted and he '' assistant '' kate enter the chapel . as oppose to he cool , control manner the last time he see he , he be now a wet emotional noodle . ted oh , Julie , sweetheart , kate and I come as soon as we hear . he rush into Julie 's arm and fall into she arm , sobbing . it 's awkward . Dave and kate , the outsider , give each other a uncomfortable look ted ( cont 'd ) how could this be happen ? I be go to come to he swim meet . I really be . and then I get hang up on a account . oh , God , why do not I go see he ? now it 's too late . she push back from he , and suddenly she have she emotion in check . she be in charge . julie listen to I , Ted . right now , I do not give a damn about all you regret . the only thing that matter be that we hold it together long enough to honor bryson the way he deserve to be honore . ( more ) ( continued ) 113 . continued : julie ( cont 'd ) after that , you have the rest of you life to think about what a selfish bastard of a father you be . Ted sober up quickly . he nod , wiping he eye . she know he 's right . ted when can we ... can I see he ? julie tomorrow . they be gonna have a private view for he at funeral home . you can see he then . ted Julie , I be sorry . I really be . julie I know . Ted turn and exit the chapel with kate . as soon as the door close , Julie crumple into a pew -- as if it take every last bit of she energy to hold thing together for Ted . Dave sit down next to she , put he arm around she . julie ( cont 'd ) Dave , what be I gonna do ? what be I gonna do ? dave we gonna get through this , Julie . I promise . and as she turn and sob on he chest -- CUT to : ext . mama 's bunglaow - night - establishing a small , neatly groom house in a gentrify neighborhood with a lawn and garden manicure by hand . the kind of place you very proud grandma would live . clarice 's cadillac be in the driveway . int . clarice 's childhood room - night the door open and a hand turn on the light . mama enter , follow by clarice , and carry two overnight bag . the room be immaculately preserve , right down to the cheer - lead trophy elementary school picture on the shelf and the stuff animal on the bed little girl 's canopy bed . ( continued ) 114 . continued : clarice mama , I need to be at home . mama no , reesie . until we can figure out how to get that sorry excuse for a man out of you beautiful house , you gonna stay here where I can look after you . clarice I be not ready to do this . mama yes you be . you a strong , independent woman just the way I raise you . I do it . and you gonna be able to do it , too . clarice sigh , too weary to argue , and sit down on the bed . mama ( cont 'd ) now you get settle in . you gonna feel a whole lot better when you have a piece of my famous sock - it - to - I cake . mama exit . clarice ball up into a fetal position on the bed , clutching onto one of she old teddy bear . CUT to : int . dave 's panel van - traveling - night Julie ride along in numb reflection as Dave drive she home . julie I use to drop bryson off at Sunday School , and he have come home with all this bible storey . after Ted leave , bryson would pray at night for he , ask God to forgive he . but I have not be to church in year . I do not even know who to ask to do the service . I do not want bryson in some musty funeral home . I want to celebrate he life . dave if you do not mind , I think I know some people who can help . and celebrate be what they do best . 115 . ext . julie and bryson 's bunglaow - night - moment later Dave 's van pull up into Julie 's driveway , where a midsize car be already park . another angle as Julie get out of the car , a older couple get out of the sedan and rush to she . they be she parent , and Julie fall into she mother 's arm , and they both sob right there in the driveway , as Julie 's father try to comfort they . julie oh , mommy , he 's go ! what do I do ? my bryson 's go . and Julie 's father give Dave a sad nod of thanks , and begin ushere he grieve wife and daughter toward the house . Dave know she 's in safe hand now . CUT to : int . johnson house - live room - night - later Dave enter quietly . the place be dark , empty , lonely . int . johnson house - master bedroom - night - moment later Dave walk in slowly and flip on a light . he see that clarice 's vanity be open and empty , that some of she dresser drawer be open and empty . without take he clothes off , he slowly lie down on they bed and stare at the ceiling . and as he do , we will begin hearing the mournful , soulful sound of a small gospel ensemble sing something like kirk Franklin 's '' hold I now . '' dissolve to : ext . memorial park - high and wide - day a carpet of green overlook the city . a rest place for the dearly depart , dot with headstone . and we 's 1ll crane down to find a grave - side gather surround a casket . closer angle and as we pan the very black , sing face of the gospel ensemble , we now know who Dave have help Julie turn to , and the song will take we into : ( continued ) 116 . continued : series of shot a ) we be close on a lovely casket , and adjust to see a beautiful wreath of flower and then a frame photograph of a smile bryson sawyer -- he eye stare straight out at we , almost immortal . B ) we pan the front row of seat mourner ... a red-ey Ted on one end with kate stand behind he ... then Julie 's mother and father , and then finally Julie , with Dave in he best black suit , stand behind she . C ) a very sober coach spinello and several of bryson 's teammate , all dress in they match swim club warm up , file past the casket , and the coach lay bryson 's gold medal atop the casket . D ) we pan the very white face of the larger gather of mourner who have gather -- friend , extend family , schoolmate -- and two black face -- Bishop wilk , dress in he most colorful , hopeful ministerial robe , and carmen mcatee , with she dread do up with ribbon . E ) Dave turn to see Brock arrive with Darius , deshawn , Marcus and jaylen -- all dress respectfully in dress shirt and tie . Dave move to they and shake each of they hand , before embrace Brock in a long hug . F ) Brock escort he little leaguer past the casket , and each one leave a offer for bryson -- a bat , a baseball , a glove , and finally a team jersey with the name '' sawyer '' in letter on the back . G ) tear stream down Julie 's face as she son be honore . Dave put he strong hand on she shoulder for support . she reach up and take it and hold on for dear life . h ) coach spinello come to the front of the gather and read from some type page -- the eulogy . I ) and as the song end , so will we series of shot as Bishop wilk now step up to the casket and face the gather . closer angle before the Bishop begin , he look with confusion at Dave stand with Julie 's hand on he . but Dave can not , or will not look at he , so he turn he attention to Julie . ( continued ) 117 . continued : bishop wilk Julie , as a pastor , nothing have ever prepare I to do the funeral of a child . not because I be feel any pity for bryson today . from what you have tell I , he be a young man of strong faith , and I believe they throwin’ a big '' welcome home '' party up in heaven for he right about now . which prompt a few , tearful smile from the gather , especially from Julie . bishop wilk ( cont 'd ) but for that of we leave behind , we be always leave with a single question ... '' why ? '' folk , there be no easy answer to '' why ? '' all we can do be turn to God and say , '' it do not understand why this happen . what do I do now ? '' ( look at Julie ) Julie , while none of we can carry you sorrow for you , I want you to know God love you and so do he family . and my church stand ready to offer you some great big shoulder to cry on any time of the day or night . Julie nod thankfully . then the Bishop 's eye be draw to something o.s . he Pov clarice , dress in black , limp up on she cane close enough to listen , but not far enough to be part of the gather . back to scene the Bishop look at Dave who be still look down and be clearly unaware of clarice 's presence . he think for a long beat , then open up he Bible . bishop wilk ( cont 'd ) Julie , I do not know if you be familiar with the book of ecclesiast , but there 's a passage I want to read that I hope you 'il keep close to you heart . ( readin hore ) ( continued ) 118 . continued : bishop wilk ( cont 'd ) '' it be better to have a partner than go through life alone . '' angle on dave he 's jolted to attention by what he 's hearing , remember . bishop wilk ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) '' share the work , share the wealth , for if one fall down , the other be there to pick he up . '' angle on clarice she 's listen , too , try to remember something from a long time ago . int . emmanuel fellowship church - sanctuary - day ( flashback ) we be in church , a dozen year earlier , as a young Bishop wilk bind the gold - braid cord around clarice and Dave 's shoulder on they wedding day . bishop wilk ( v.o . ) '' but pity the man who fall and have no one by he side . in bed , two can warm each other at night . but one alone , shiver all night long . '' ext . memorial park - on clarice - day ( present day ) as she listen , it all come flooding back . and so do some tear of regret . angle back with gathering the Bishop continue the read . bishop wilk '' by yourself , you be unprotect . but with a partner you can face the worst the world have to offer . '' ( look right at Dave ) '' but even better than that be a cord of three strand because it be not easily break . '' Dave have this unexplainable urge to look away from the Bishop . and when he do , he see : ( continued ) 119 . continued : he Pov now he also see clarice stand near a tree , look straight at he . and she give he a tearful nod . back to scene Dave do not know what to do with he feeling and the Bishop have not miss this connection . he turn back to Julie . bishop wilk ( cont 'd ) Julie , what this be sayin 's be that we need a buddy system . one be not only the loneliest number , it 's also the riskiest . it 's we family and friend who make up the first two strand of a three - strand cord . but God make up the third . ( beat , think ) and it just occur to I that maybe God do answer the '' why '' question . maybe the way he do that be by give we three - strand cord in we life to encircle we with love and care ... no matter what the world throw at we . and as Julie smile a watery , thankful smile , Dave be look more confuse that ever . dissolve to : ext . memorial park - day - a little later as the gather break up , Dave be see Julie to a hearse in the b.g. , and the other mourner be scatter to they car , we find clarice still stand by she tree , think . carmen ( 0.s. ) it take I awhile , but I think I I be start to put the puzzle piece together . clarice turn to see carmen walk up . carmen ( cont 'd ) Dave with Julie sawyer over there , and you stand way over here . clarice nod soberly . ( continued ) continued : 120 . clarice ( sadly , bitterly ) mama have I move in with she until we can figure out what to do . carmen he gettin’ he cake and eatin’ it , too ? clarice I do not think it 's go that far yet , but mama say it 's only a matter of time . carmen sort of give a little half - chuckle . carmen you mama sure do a lot of talkin’ , do not she ? clarice I guess so . carmen clarice , I be wonderin’ about something since you first come in for counseling . clarice what 's that ? carmen when do you daddy leave ? clarice he do not leave . mama toss he out ' cause she suspect he of cheatin’ on she . carmen suspected ? clarice well , later when I be grow , he admit to I that he have cheat . he pick up with a lady after he move out of we house . carmen after ? clarice yeah . ( continued ) 121 . continued : carmen maybe it 's just I , but it seem like the acorn have not fall very far from the tree . clarice look at she for a long , puzzle moment , but then something begin to dawn on she . CUT to : int . julie and bryson 's bungalow - live room - day Light be fade out the window . a small gather of family and friend , include Julie 's parent , be mingling over food and conversation in she modest little house . Dave sit by himself across the room from where Julie be get a earful from a eccentric aunt with poor funeral etiquette . eccentric aunt do you remember the time you have I over to sit when bryson be two ? that little rugrat nearly kill I . I be try get he out of the tub and he actually bit I . Julie look like she 's suffocating . julie I be sorry , aunt Janet , but I can not do this right now . aunt Janet be offended and cross off . Julie look at Dave julie ( cont 'd ) can you drive I back to the cemetery ? Dave look at she confuse for a beat julie ( cont 'd ) I just need to spend some time alone there . dave sure . CUT to : int . mama 's bunglaow - clarice 's room - day mama be humming as she dust clarice 's childhood trophy on a bookshelf , when clarice come to the door . ( continued ) 122 . continued : clarice do you remember when I win that one , mama ? mama spin happily to see that she daughter be home . mama ( set trophy back down ) I remember every last one of you accomplishment , baby . clarice cross in and examine the trophy . clarice I think this one be after daddy leave because you say it be the first time you see I smile ina month of Sunday . mama that be good riddance to bad rubbish . let 's not dredge up all they bad memory . clarice set the trophy back and catch mama by the arm . clarice no , mama ... let as. mama pull she arm free and give clarice a puzzle look . clarice ( cont 'd ) how come you never tell I that daddy do not start havin’ a affair until after you ride he ass out the house ? mama I be not havin’ this conversation . clarice why not ? mama because my bedroom drama with you daddy be not none or you business . which push a nerve in clarice . a big nerve . clarice ( explode ) Excuse I ?! I think it be my damn business when you all up in my koolaid about my marriage . ( continued ) 123 . continued : mama that 's ' cause you do not know man like I do . I be just lookin’ out for my baby . see what that man do to you , swappin’ gravy with some little white trash biscuit . clarice you missin 's the big picture here . my marriage be on the rock . who the hell care what color she be ? but mama be on a roll . mama Men be like nasty ass little chigger . you get to hold a match to they behind to get ‘em outta you hair . to keep ‘em from gettin’ under you skin . it 's almost like clarice be see mama like she 's never see she before . shrivel , sad , bitter , pathetic . clarice mama , you sound like jaw when you talkin’ about man . you like a man - eat shark up in here . who make you so angry and bitter ? be it grandma Clark ? be it grandpa ? clarice have flirt with a emotional trip wire . mama 's eye flare for a instant , but then she push it all back down . mama I be a strong , proud , independent black woman . now clarice be suddenly feel pity for she mother . clarice I do not know what dark secret you hidin 's in you heart , but in all you lesson to I about how to be a strong , proud , independent black woman , you leave something out . mama what ? clarice you forget to teach I how to love people . ( continued ) 124 . continued : panic wash over mama 's face she have no answer for this . clarice kiss mama on the cheek . clarice ( cont 'd ) mama , I be wrong to yell at you . and I do not mean to disrespect you . but from now on , I be gonna find out how to do that . I be gonna start learnin’ how to love my man . and I be gonna pray for you . mama what for ? clarice that it be not too late for you to learn how to love people , too . with that , clarice turn and walk out . mama try to '' harumph '' it all off and return to she dusting chore . but a beat later , she crumble onto the bed in private agony . CUT to : int . dave 's panel van - traveling - night Dave be drive as the city light dance off Julie 's face as she stare blankly out the window . a newstalk host be pontificate on the radio . newstalk host ( over radio ) now here 's a nice story for a change . the justice Department 's latest national crime survey estimate that murder and attempt murder fall more than forty percent from 1975 through 2006 . wincing , Dave look over at Julie . he change the dial to a easy listening station . something like clarence Carter 's '' slip away '' be currently in rotation . julie Dave , can you drive I up to the overlook ? dave you mean after the cemetery ? julie instead of . I change my mind . I want to go look at the star . ( continued ) 125 . continued : Dave give she a smile that say '' no problem . '' CUT to : int . dave 's panel van - Pov front window - night - moment later we be look over Dave and Julie 's shoulder at a sea of twinkle city light as the van creep to a stop at the edge of a overlook . by this point , something like the temptation 's '' just my imagination '' be play on the radio . julie I forget how beautiful this be . Dave be about to turn off the key , when Julie stop he . julie ( cont 'd ) can we just leave it play ? I like this song . dave sure . Julie open the door and get out . ext . CITY overlook - night - moment later Julie be stand at the front of the truck , look up into the night sky , when Dave join she . there Pov the firmament in all its glory . a billion shine diamond . julie ( 0.s. ) bry and I use to come up here and look for the Big dipper . dave ( 0.s. ) down in the city , I never realize the light block all this out . the silhouette of a point hand come into frame , and we follow to a familiar cup - shape constellation . julie ( 0.s. ) look , there it be . back to scene they be both look up in wonder . Julie be still in she black funeral dress . Dave notice that she 's shiver . ( continued ) 126 . continued : dave you be cold . here . he take he suit jacket off and wrap it around she shoulder . she snuggle closer to he for more warmth , put she arm through he . just then , she remember a little ditty and sing a line . julie '' follow the drink gourd ... '' dave ( smile ) what do you know about the drinkin’ gourd ? julie let 's see . I guess that would have be we fourth grade report . he choose the Underground railroad . they both laugh a little at this . then there 's a long moment of silence . she begin to weep quietly again . julie ( cont 'd ) do you remember you inhaler ? dave ( look at she , confuse ) Excuse I ? julie I be try to remember the last thing I say to he before he race . that 's what I say to he . '' do you remember you inhaler ? '' not '' I love you , bryson . '' not '' I be so proud of you . '' not '' you be a bright shine star and I be so lucky to be you mother . '' ( tear really come now ) oh , God , why do not I say that thing to he ? why ? she collapse into he arm again and he hold she for a long moment , before she pull back far enough to look into he face , the starlight glisten on she wet face . Dave 's heart be thumping in he chest as she reach up and stroke he face . the magnetic connection between they , bear of mutual need , be just too strong . she put she other hand on he face and pull he into a very chaste kiss . ( continued ) 127 . continued : they look into each other 's eye again as if testing whether or not that just happen . and then Dave take she soft feature into he hand and pull she into a more real kiss . and the world begin spinning around they as she pull in close , conform she body to he and the kiss become passionate , hungry . but then , the spinning begin to slow as we begin to make out a familiar song ... '' three time a lady '' play on the car radio . and then we be no longer swirl around they , but stopping just as Dave break the kiss and pull away from she . his eye be draw to the car window and the memory of that song . julie ( cont 'd ) Dave ? dave ( freeze with guilt ) I be sorry . I just can not do this . for more reason than I can count . julie it 's my fault . I be just try to feel something , anything besides this big black hole in my heart . dave I know you do , Julie . and Lord know , you deserve that . but not this way . not with I . we both be flirtin’ with a fire that gonna only end up burnin’ a lot of people . Julie somehow muster a smile through she tear . julie see , you be do it to I again . the reason I want you so badly be the reason I can not have you . because you be a gentleman . the most gentle man I have ever meet . and as he smile through he own tear and wipe hers away , we begin hearing he remember voice once more . dave ( v.o. ) until that moment , I do not think I would ever feel like a true man . CUT to : 128. int . johnson house - live room - night when Dave enter in he funeral clothes , he 's surprised to see clarice there , still in she funeral dress , sit in the lamp light , read a Bible . Dave nod dave clarice , I need to -- clarice no , Dave , let I go first Dave . please . and sit on the arm of the sofa . clarice ( cont 'd ) I be round and round with my heart today , and I want you to know two thing . first , mama have lose she voting privilege in this marriage . dave damn . that 's a big one . clarice ( fight back tear ) and second . I be home . no matter what you decide to do , I be not give up on this marriage until it 's dead . or until we be . dave ( choke back he emotion ) I be about to tell you the same thing . she rush into he open arm and they hold each other like they have not hold each other in a long , long time . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I use to beat my head against the wall , tryin' to figure out what my purpose be . and I look in a lot of wrong place to find it . dissolve to : ext . downtown little league field - day - week later we be high above the diamond , as if watch from heaven , as a little league game be in its final moment . ( continued ) 129 . continued : the bleacher be pack with cheering fan , penant have be hang all around , and some dad play-by-play man be on the microphone . play-by-play man ( over p.a. ) East side be down to its final out with the score tie at 5 . look like this playoff game may be goin’ to extra inning , ya will . closer angle carlos be lead off at third base while Dave be coach third , Brock be coach first , and the rest of the East side team be bite they nail in the dugout . play-by-play man ( over p.a. ) ( cont 'd ) the batter be Darius Jones . as Darius step up to the plate , the oppose infielder move up to play the bunt . Dave give he a shout -out . dave they playin’ the bunt , D . hit it hard . you King Kong up in this piece . Dave give hima sign . Darius wag he head '' okay . '' angle in the bleacher clarice be sit in the front row . she shake a little noise -maker . clarice whoo hoo ! pitcher 's get a rubber arm ! and then we will adjust to find darnell , sit not too far away , look good . look clean . no forty . no Ho as. darnell come on , boy . show I the money ! back to scene the oppose pitcher go into he windup , and here come the pitch , and Darius talk the biggest swing of he life -- big foul ball . the crowd moan . dave that 's all right , son . you get ‘em scared now . Dave give he another sign . Darius wag he head again . ( continued ) 130 . continued : the oppose first and third basemen play back a little deeper . the pitcher wind and fire it in again . but this time , carlos begin dash home and Darius square around to bunt , and lay down the perfect little dribbler which roll right past carlos as he slide in home for the win run . play-by-play man ( over p.a. ) it 's a squeeze play . carlos gooden slide home safe . East side win ! East side win ! various angle as a roar go up in the bleacher , the East side boy all pour out of the dugout and pile on carlos at home plate . a dirty , dusty human pyramid . Dave and Brock run in and jump on the pile . lot of high - fives and ad libbed celebration . dave ( v.o. ) but if you want to know the purpose of a thing , you can not ask the thing to tell you . a car do not know why it 's a car . only the manufacturer know what it be make to do . and I guess that 's the way it be with God . darnell race out of the bleacher and to home plate , pull carlos from the bottom of the pile -- givin 's he a high five , follow by a hug . and as the rest of the stand empty , clarice be content to watch from here . but something tell she to turn around . and when she do , she see Julie sit at the top of the stand all by herself . they exchange a nod which do not say all be forgiven -- but that a truce have be declare . dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he do not just make Dave Johnson to be a husband , or a coach , or a friend , or a daddy . that be just role . not who I be as a man . dissolve to : ext . downtown little league field - day - moment later angle by first base darnell be exam carlos 's glove . ( continued ) 131 . continued : darnell you get to put some oil over here or the lace gonna break . ( beat , then ) I have my lace break in a game once . Ball pop right out . ai not nobody ever tell I about oilin’ a glove . carlo I all remember that . hey , dad , you wanna hit some I pop fly ? darnell look at he son , break out in a broad smile . darnell let 's do it . angle in bleacher Brock climb the last few step and straddle the row right below Julie . she look a little melancholy . julie thanks for invite I today , Brock . it 's nice to be out in the sunshine for a change . Brock smile . brock I think I should offer to walk you to you car . this be not the safest neighborhood , you know . now Julie muster a little smile . julie I would like that . brock by the way , I do not have a date for the team party . you interested ? julie ( look uncomfortable ) I do not think I better . it 's still too weird . but thanks . brock okay . julie but I would not mind coffee later . ( continued ) 132 . continued : which perk Brock right up . angle in dugout as Dave pack up the gear , clarice watch from the bench . clarice all this year , I never know you be such a good coach . you oughta do more of it . dave ( smile ) thanks , boo. clarice I think you gonna make a pretty good daddy someday , too . he look at she , try not to read too much into it . dave I hope so . clarice in fact , try about seven and a half month from now . and as Dave 's jaw drop and clarice smile a big happy smile and Dave take she into he arm , we will pull up and back into that big heavenly wide shot and look down on cord of three strand happen all over the field . dave ( v.o. ) but I guess sometimes God have to let life turn you upside down ... so can learn how to live right side up . fade out . the end