eastern promise written by Steven knight 1 ext . a STREET near brick lane - evening 1 it 's 5.30 pm in late December and rain be pour . the scant Christmas decoration be hang limp in the rain . a young Turk ( ekrem ) run through the rain with a turkish newspaper hold over he head . he duck into a traditional barber 's shop call ozim 's . 2 int . ozim' barber shop - evening 2 the shutter be draw . ozim ( a plump middle - age Turk ) be cut the hair of the last customer of the day ( soyka ) . soyka be a chechen , well - groom , wear a sharp suit beneath the barber 's gown . during the conversation we glimpse distinctive eagle - and star-shape tattoo on soyka 's arm and hand . ozim and soyka be chat as ekrem enter . soyka speak with a Russian accent . ozim guvenilmez ... daginik ... bloody kid , you know ... he say - `but amca it 's Christmas ?... Christmas ! we be Islam ! soyka oi , how much be you take off ? ozim Christmas ! so I say to he ... alisverise cimac . the kid 's sixteen ... ozim brushes some hair off the customer 's shoulder and ozim finally acknowledge ekrem , who be shiver and wet near to the door . ekrem turn the ` open ' sign to ` close ' . ozim ( cont 'd ) they do not want to work do they . shicma .... ekrem ( hesitantly interrupt ) uncle ozim ....... we see for the first time that ekrem be shaking with fear as well as cold . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 2. 2 continued : 2 ozim this be he . the kid I be talk about . ekrem approach , stiffen by terror . soyka nod at ekrem in the mirror . soyka he look ok to I ... how you doin ' ekrem ? soyka offer ekrem a hand to shake and ekrem stare at it as if it be enchant ... ozim he look ok , yeah , but he will not do one lousy thing for I . here , look ... ekrem , take this ... ozim take a open razor from behind a line of hair- tonic bottle and hand it to ekrem , who now look mortally terrify . ekrem ozim ... memnum etmek . ozim we have a deal now he 's back out . soyka ( laugh ) hey ozim , leave the kid alone . it 's obviously a psychological thing ... ozim take it ekrem . soyka ozim , it 's ok . I do not want a shave . ozim this be the kid who walk around like Al capone . take the fuck ustura and finish this rushca . soyka ( startle ) what ? ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 3. 2 continued : ( 2 ) 2 soyka rise up from the seat , casting off he barber 's gown . ozim yell `kabuka ! and ekrem snarl , flick open the razor and drag it across soyka 's throat . soyka 's scream bubbles in the blood . 3 ext . kilburn high road - night 3 we dissolve to a Christmas decoration flash on and off in the rain , high on a lamp post in kilburn High Road . we pan down the lamp post to the High Road where reveler be hurry through the rain . we see a young girl ( tatiana ) hurry across the street , wrap in a dress gown with a man 's overcoat throw over the top of it . her hair be soak as she approach a all night chemist 's shop . she be barefoot . 4 int . chemist shop - night 4 the chemist be deliver advice in gujurati to a customer . tatiana wipe rain from she face and the chemist and the customer react to she rag appearance . tatiana ( Russian accent ) please ... I have ... chemist for methadone I need to see paper prescription . the customer look at tatiana 's foot and react . we see blood trickle down she leg . tatiana look down , then faint onto the floor . 5 int . trafalgar hospital . operating ward - night 5 we see tatiana unconscious on a wheeled trolley burst through double door into the operate ward of trafalgar hospital . the trolley be accompany by two nurse , a junior doctor and a midwife , ( anna khitrova ) . the two paramedics who bring she be follow behind the trolley . anna do you get a name ? paramedic no . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 4. 5 continued : 5 CUT to 6 int . trafalgar hospital . operating theater - night 6 a tiny brown handbag be be shake empty by a nurse . tatiana be be prepare for a emergency caesarean . the theater be full of people in scrub , include a anesthetist . monitor and drip be be attach at double speed . we notice that she arm be already dot with fester needle mark . a nurse search through the content of the handbag and we can hear frantic activity from the operate table .... nurse 1 her stat be very poor , very poor . baby 's very distress . Anna approach the nurse , who be rummage through the content of the bag . we see a business card from a restaurant call ` the tran - siberian ' , a St. Christopher necklace and a tiny batter diary . Anna grab the diary . junior doctor shoulder distocia , I think . stuck on the pubic bone . cut to Anna at tatiana 's head . Anna stroke she face and speak softly . anna darling ... darling , can you hear I ? nurse baby 's heart beat sixty ... fifty - eight , fifty - eight ... fifty -seven ... junior doctor Anna , I be try to rotate the shoulder medially ... shit ... the junior doctor be breathe hard with a look of utter panic as he attempt to free the baby . the door burst open and a more senior doctor in he mid thirty ( doctor aziz ) enter at a gallop . as he enter ... ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 5. 6 continued : 6 nurse 1 baby stat sixty - eight and in free fall . nurse 2 I be not get a pulse . heartbeat . Doctor Aziz join the junior doctor , who look out of he depth . aziz speak to I ... before the junior doctor can speak Anna speak directly to Aziz . anna ( softly ) we need to get the baby out now . Aziz know he can take Anna 's word ... aziz ok , let 's go . all hell be let loose . as the caesarean process begin at frantic speed , we slowly zoom in on tatiana 's unconscious face and hear she voice in v.o ... a young girl 's voice speak with a Russian accent . the crosstalk between nurse and doctor become more and more frantic . tatiana ( v.o . ) my name be tatiana . my father die in the mine in my village , so he be already bury when he die . we be all bury there . buried under the soil of Russia . that be why I leave to find a better life . we hear ... a baby cry . Anna 's face appear in we frame shot of tatiana 's face . she gently kiss tatiana 's cheek . anna ( whisper ) you have a girl . a sheet be pull over tatiana 's face . a nurse weigh the scream baby . Anna wipe she brow with the back of she bloody wrist . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 6. 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 aziz ok. call it . the junior doctor and a nurse check watch and speak almost in unison ... junior doctor unidentified woman , die December 24th at 11.13 . nurse baby girl , bear December 24th at 11.14 . 7 ext . trafalgar hospital . labor ward - morning 7 Anna leave the labor ward , put on she crash helmet . she emerge out into the crisp , sunny morning . Aziz hurry to catch she up and hand she a wrap gift . aziz merry Christmas , Anna . anna oh , do not be ridiculous . he grin . aziz and you have to open it in front of I . Aziz smile as Anna unwrap a pair of leather motorcycle glove . she look up at he , expressionless . aziz ( cont 'd ) at least pretend . Anna consider the glove . anna ( deadpan ) ) in the whole entire history of my life , I have never feel this special . aziz thank you . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 7. 7 continued : 7 Aziz plant a kiss on he two finger and press he finger against Anna 's cheek through the open visor of the helmet . aziz ( cont 'd ) wear they . it 's cold . 8 ext . london STREET - day 8 Anna ride she big vintage ural motorcycle through desert morning street . as she ride , we hear tatiana in v.o. tatiana ( v.o . ) I be so excited this morning . yesterday a friend come back to we village and he tell we all about the place on the map that I look at ... Paris , Amsterdam , London . he 's be there for real ... 9 int . helen' house . anna's bedroom - day 9 after the bright airiness of the bike ride , we be suddenly in Anna 's bedroom where the curtain be draw . Anna be lie awake on the bed , wear a dress gown . tatiana ( v.o . ) ...he say the future of everything be already happen in all that place . there be a gentle knock at the door , which open before Anna can respond . it be anna's mother ( helen ) with a cup of tea . helen do you sleep ? anna a bit . helen there 's no point we tiptoeing around if you be not even sleep . helen put the tea on the dress table , then turn to leave without a smile . anna mum ? be you ok ? ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 8. 9 continued : 9 helen ( contrite ) of course not . it 's Christmas . 10 int . helen' house . kitchen - day 10 Anna be pour two glass of sherry . helen be peel potato . Anna peer at helen ... and see tear . they share a moment of stifle emotion . helen wipe she eye with she sleeve . helen it 's the chicken . ( pause ) the smell of chicken roasting remind I of he . anna you should have do beef , then . they look at each other and giggle . they both have potato peeler in they wet hand , sleeve roll up , two practical unsentimental woman be almost consume by the same wave of emotion . helen it would not be Christmas without tear in the gravy , would it . we hear a gruff Russian voice call out from the live room ( uncle stepan ) . stepan ( v.o. ) ( angry ) Anna ! Anna ! where do you get this ? Anna and helen roll they eye . helen ( whisper ) it 's you own fault for give he something to play with . anna ( irritate ) well , I can not read Russian , can I ? Anna drop she peeler and hurry into the live room . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 9. 10 continued : 10 CUT to 11 int . helen' house . live room - day 11 the live room table be laid for dinner . uncle stepan be early seventies , Russian . he be read the tiny diary that Anna find in tatiana 's bag . Anna breeze in . anna I tell you , uncle stepan , I find it in the handbag of a girl who die in my ward . stepan do you always rob the body of the dead ? anna ( suppress , familiar anger ) of course , we all do it . it 's one of the perk of work in a hospital . stepan grumble , accustom to this teasing . helen enter carry a bowl of walnut and brazil nut which she place on the table . pause . stepan look pointedly at helen . stepan do you know that you daughter rob the body of the dead ? ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 10 . 11 continued : 11 anna stepan , be there a address ? stepan lay the diary aside , obstinate and prim . stepan you have a uncle who do not steal thing from the dead . not even they secret . helen oh , do not go all momentous on we , stepan . ( she straighten the table cloth ) lift you elbow . stepan you should put this in she coffin , Anna . bury she secret with she body . anna body . singular . stepan leave in a huff . Anna pick up the diary and begin to study it . she see the ` tran - siberian ' business card between the page . anna ( cont 'd ) how long will dinner be ? helen look at Anna , suspect a attempt to escape . 12 ext . london street - day 12 driving music as we see Anna riding she motorbike through desert morning street again . we should begin to sense that this be a kind of release for she . we hear tatiana in v.o. tatiana ( v.o . ) when I be little , London be like a place in the Bible . I be not even sure if it be real . my friend have tell I there be a place in London where they pay girl to sing . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 11. 12 continued : 12 Anna arrive outside the ` tran - siberian ' restaurant . it have a Russian - theme frontage in blue and gold , expensively and recently finish . tatiana ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he say if I sing in this restaurant I would make more money in a week than my father make in a year . as Anna pull up we hear a dog begin to bark . 13 ext . tran - siberian restaurant . side entrance - day 13 the side door open to reveal a hard - look , handsome Russian man ( nikolai ) , who stop to groom he hair back from he face and put on a pair of sunglass as he emerge into daylight . he step into a small courtyard , where a fierce doberman dog be bark and snarling on the end of a chain . nikolai be follow by kirill , who be a little young , slim and pretty but hard - look too . kirill be dress in a crumpled T-shirt and jeans and look like he have a heavy night . nikolai ignore the dog as he walk by but kirill yell at it and tease it with a whoop and few Russian curse . nikolai unbolt the gate to the street . kirill so you pick up ozim and he bitch of a wife and you bring they back here . he glance back at the restaurant and speak softly . kirill ( cont 'd ) then I will think of a excuse and we can get away . nikolai I will think of a excuse . you excuse be like fuck fairy tale . kirill grin and nikolai flick the fob of he car key . the light on a expensive black mercede glow in response . kirill notice Anna lock up she bike at the front of the restaurant . kirill who the fuck 's that ? ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 12. 13 continued : 13 they both see Anna remove she crash helmet and shaking out she hair . she walk towards the front door . nikolai ( in Russian ) maybe somebody send you dad a hooker for Christmas . kirill ( grin ) you be so ... fuck unbelievably disrespectful . kirill see that nikolai be study Anna and he grin fade . we sense jealousy . kirill ( cont 'd ) hey , you have get work to do . go ... kirill grab nikolai 's face to distract he , give he a playful slap , but there be somehow more to it than playfulness . nikolai get into he car . kirill glare at Anna as she approach the front of the restaurant . 14 ext . tran - siberian restaurant - day 14 as nikolai drive away , Anna ring the doorbell beside the front door . there be no reply . she be about to ring again when the door open . we see semyon , a Russian man in he late sixty . he be wiping he hand on a tea towel , dress in a spotlessly white apron . he have the sparkling pierce eye of a falcon . semyon we be close . anna I know . she fumble in she bag . anna ( cont 'd ) sorry ... I be a midwife . Anna produce she hospital id and show it to semyon . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 13. 14 continued : 14 semyon ( with a twinkle ) then unless one of my daughter be keep something from I , you have the wrong address . anna I would like to speak to the manager . semyon study the name on the id . semyon khitrova ? anna my dad be Russian . semyon seem suddenly delighted . semyon and he name ? anna Ivan . semyon so , you be Anna ivanovna . 15 int . tran - siberian restaurant - day 15 the table be set for a huge party . kirill be now on step ladder , fix some Christmas decoration . other relative be get the place ready . semyon hurry through the restaurant , lead Anna by the hand . semyon we must hurry . I must stir . stir , stir or the gravy die in my hand . today it be family . here be my son , kirill . ( he hiss at kirill ) kirill ! the berry be too low , too low . and Roman , more glass for red ! ( he clap he hand ) come on ! kirill follow Anna 's progress through the restaurant with a glare . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 13a . 15 continued : 15 there be three little girl in extravagant party frock , all hold violin and giggle near to the door that ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 14 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 lead to the kitchen . semyon stop when he reach they and put he hand on he hip . semyon ( cont 'd ) my angel . you should be practise . you must make the wood cry . like this , like this ... semyon grab a violin and play a three - second burst of sad Russian violin music . semyon ( cont 'd ) you see ... semyon hurry on into the kitchen . Anna smile , delighted at the eccentric old man . 16 int . tran - siberian restaurant . kitchen - day 16 Inside the kitchen there be a inferno of activity , steam , smoke . family member , some dress in they party outfit , other in chef ' uniform , be stand over steaming pot , laugh , argue . Children play and yell . you can almost smell Christmas . Anna enter , dazzle by it all , overwhelm by the contrast to she own lifeless Christmas kitchen . semyon call out to everyone . semyon come , come , hurry , hurry . they will be here any moment . ( to Anna ) ok , show I this card . Anna reach into she pocket and produce the ` tran - siberian ' business card she find in tatiana 's bag . semyon angle he head to look as he stir . semyon ( cont 'd ) it be the old card . from before the renovation . but even so , if she have work here I would remember the name . perhaps she eat here once . try this . semyon offer Anna a spoonful of he gravy . she sip it . anna God , that 's amazing . my dad make gravy just like that . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 15 . 16 continued : 16 semyon shrug and smile , he eye twinkle , then go back to stir . he speak as if unconcern . semyon so do you get a chance to talk to this girl before she die ? 17 ext . tran - siberian restaurant - day 17 nikolai 's black mercede pull up outside the restaurant and park a few inch from Anna 's motorbike . the rear window be sun shade so we only see nikolai in the driver 's seat . he get out of the car and open the rear door of the car for a elegantly dress turkish lady in she fifty . nikolai go to the other rear door . the portly figure of ozim the barber emerge . as ozim get out he give nikolai a fifty - pound note . 18 int . tran - siberian restaurant . kitchen - day 18 two of the little girl violinist be fight , pull each other 's hair . the third be sobbing , sit on the floor . a young woman in a party dress be carry a huge silver bowl of sauce across the kitchen . Anna look delighted at the noise and energy of the place . finally semyon emerge from a cloud of steam with a scrap of paper . semyon this be a agency that hire casual kitchen staff . maybe you will have more luck there . but I think they will be close until New Year . as Anna take the address , kirill put he head around the door and yell through the noise . kirill papa , ozim be here . semyon be alarmed and clap he hand in urgent fashion . semyon ten minute !! ( to the rest of the kitchen ) Fish , fish , fish ! ten minute ! ok , kirill , get he a drink and tell he I be come . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 16 . 18 continued : 18 semyon take a pot from the heat , suddenly flustered . semyon ( cont 'd ) Anna , I be so sorry I could not help . it be sad . anna that 's ok . I will probably find out more when I get she diary translate . semyon her diary ? there be the tiniest of change in semyon 's manner . he lay he heavy pot down . anna I find she diary in she bag . a pause . semyon disappear into a billow of steam to put a pan onto the heat then re-emerges . semyon why do you not tell I you find a diary ? he peer at she for a moment , he eye harden a little . semyon ( cont 'd ) ok , Anna , this be how it will be . you will bring the diary here and I will translate it for you . then if we get the name of any relative I will call they myself . I be something of a ... community leader for the Russians here in this unfriendly city . what do you say ? semyon hoist a pass child into he arm . anna I be go to ask my uncle .... semyon ( apparently not hearing ) and when you come I will make you some more gravy like you papa use to make and you can try the ( more ) ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 17 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 semyon ( cont 'd ) fish with the sauce . ok ? tomorrow , yes ? shall we say seven ? Anna be a little overwhelm . semyon ( cont 'd ) then it be settle . but for now , you must forgive I . semyon shrug then kiss Anna on both cheek . semyon ( cont 'd ) dosvedania . ( Goodbye ) anna dosvedania . Anna head for the door that lead back to the restaurant . semyon go back to stir but as he stir he call out . semyon oh Anna , you always work at the trafalgar hospital ? anna yes , always . a pause before Anna leave semyon to he cloud of steam . 19 int . tran - siberian restaurant - day 19 kirill and ozim be talk confidentially in a mix of Russian and turkish whisper at a table . ozim 's wife be at a table alone , well out of they earshot , smoking a cigarette and peel glaze fig . as Anna walk by , ozim and kirill stop talk . the scene have a much darker mood to the bustling scene in the kitchen , but for now Anna feel no unease . as she pass , kirill survey she with a deadly smile and a professional eye . kirill hey , you ok ? you want a drink ? anna no , thanks . I be drive . as Anna smile , ozim mumble something in turkish and kirill shush he . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 18. 19 continued : 19 kirill ok . merry Christmas . drive safely . ozim giggle . Anna depart . 20 ext . tran - siberian restaurant - day 20 Anna emerge into the daylight . as she do she see that four expensive - look car have already park and various ostentatiously dress Russian and turkish couple with they child be emerge from they car . the woman be all wear fur , even the little girl . the man wear leather or dark suit . they greet each other exuberantly as they emerge from they car . Anna suddenly feel slightly uneasy . as she approach she motorbike she see nikolai lean against the bonnet of he car , smoking , still wear shade . his bumper be almost touch Anna 's bike . nikolai ( in Russian ) Nice bike . anna what ? nikolai Nice bike . anna thank you . nikolai a ural . you do not see they anymore . anna it be my dad 's . nikolai how much do you want for it ? Anna have already take a dislike to this man . he be arrogant and look potentially violent . his shade , suit and tattoo say it all . anna ( irritate ) it have sentimental value . nikolai roll the concept around in he mind and consider . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 18a . 20 continued : 20 nikolai ` sentimental value ' . I have hear of that . Anna put she helmet on . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 19 . 20 continued : ( 2 ) 20 nikolai ( cont 'd ) you be not stay for the party ? anna no . nikolai nor I . chauffeur do not get invite . you want to go for a drink instead ? Anna mount she bike . anna it 's Christmas . everything 's close . nikolai smile . nikolai sometimes if thing be close you just open they up , you know ? Anna now feel intimidate and luckily the bike fire first time . she ride away . nikolai watch she go and then stub he cigarette . 21 int . helen' house . dine room - night 21 sudden silence ... perhaps the tick of a clock . this be Anna 's Christmas dinner , a total contrast to the chaos of the restaurant . stepan be attempt to carve the chicken . stepan Anna , how come be it that you boyfriend be not here to carve ? stepan take a large sip of vodka . anna I do not live with Oliver any more , uncle stepan . I be live back here for a bit . helen ( softly ) for as long as you want . stepan I know he would run away from you . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 20 . 21 continued : 21 anna he do not run away . you make I sound like a burn building . stepan Black man always run away . helen oh stepan ! stepan what ? I be allow to be honest ? helen he be a doctor , stepan . anna what the hell have that get to do with it ? a pause . stepan sip he vodka . stepan it be not natural to mix race and race . that be why you baby die inside you . Anna slam she napkin onto the table . helen stepan , shut up ! ( Anna get to she foot ) please Anna . helen take Anna 's hand but she turn and leave . helen stand to follow she , but first she whip stepan 's vodka away from he . helen ( cont 'd ) you be just how he be . stupid bloody drunken Russians . 22 ext . helen' house . garden - night 22 the garden be just outside the kitchen . Anna be lighting a cigarette . helen step outside and react to the cigarette . she be about to admonish Anna for smoking , but Anna speak first . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 21. 22 continued : 22 anna it 's Christmas . I be thirty -one . a pause . Anna blow smoke , clearly upset . helen Anna , you know what he 's like . anna I do not give a damn about stepan . who have that poor baby get in the whole world ? helen react . helen I know this would happen . anna good. Fine . so you know everything . helen Anna , she be not you responsibility . anna the baby be my responsibility until I hand she over to the mother . the mother be dead . helen then it 's up to the proper authority . Anna smile as if in agreement . anna the proper authority will all be ski until after New Year . Anna cough a little then stub she cigarette . helen take the butt as if it be poisonous . helen it 's part of the grieve . anna what grieve ? helen touch she hand . a inadequate gesture . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 11/27/06 22. 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 helen in the last year you have lose you father and you lose a baby . Anna be irritate but do not put word to she feeling . helen ( cont 'd ) come in and have you dinner . anna I be not hungry . Anna and helen look into each other 's eye for a moment before helen head for the kitchen , carry the cigarette butt as if it be a deadly snake . 22a int . trafalgar hospital . s.c.b.u. christine's private room - 22a night in a private room in the special Care baby unit , Anna approach tatiana 's baby 's plastic crib . the baby be tightly bundle up , sound asleep . through the window of the room , we see the darken , quiet ward outside - another world . Anna stand over the baby , she face full of emotion . there we see pain , loss , shame , emptiness , isolation . tear begin to roll from she eye , and then she be sobbing soundlessly . 23 int . tran - siberian restaurant - night 23 the tran - siberian restaurant be smoky with cigarettes and cigar . the party be in full swing with two dozen guest and family . one of the golden -haire child be play violin badly . the language be Russian , English and turkish mix . kirill be bring a huge baked carp to the table . his mobile phone ring and he wipe he hand on a towel to answer it . when he hear the voice , kirill glance at he father and move quickly out of earshot . semyon notice but hide he concern . as kirill walk , a child tug he leg and hold up a soft toy , ask a question in Russian . kirill ( to child ) he 's call goofy ... goofy yeah . ( into phone ) so the coast be clear , yeah ? what ? I say `coast ' . ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 11/27/06 22a . 23 continued : 23 kirill ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) no , not the beach . it 's a English expression , you fuck baboon . I mean ... ( hiss out of ear shot ) ... there be no police . you sure ? good . kirill glance over at semyon , who be apparently lose amongst a sea of child , but we see from the corner of he eye he be watch kirill . ( continued ) GREEN revision - 11/24/06 23. 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 kirill ( cont 'd ) ( to phone ) no , my dad 's not involved . I be a big boy now . I do my own stuff . yeah . merry Christmas . kirill cut the call and nod to ozim , who stub he cigar . semyon notice they silent communication , then turn to one of the violin-playing angel , smile , and kiss she on both cheek . 24 omitted 24 25 ext . ozim' barber shop - night 25 we see the car pull up sharply outside ozim 's barber 's shop . nikolai jump out and open the door for ozim . 26 omitted 26 the three man walk to the door beside the barber shop . ozim take a bunch of key out and prepare to open the door to the upstairs . he stop . ozim the driver stay down here . kirill smile and shake he head . kirill you really think I do this kind of thing ? kirill put he hand on nikolai 's shoulder kirill ( cont 'd ) this guy 's not a driver . he 's a undertaker . ozim look at nikolai , highly dubious . blue revision - 11/4/06 24 . 27 int . ozim' barber shop . upstair room - night 27 the room above ozim 's shop have be convert into a drink club . ozim lead nikolai and kirill through the debris of the night before . as they walk through , ekrem suddenly leap out of the darkness with a yell . kirill and nikolai both react with instinctive aggression . ozim hey , hey , hey ekrem , sakim , durgun , durgun . ekrem I get ticket , ozim . it 's with chelsea . they say there be no ticket but I get ticket for the chelsea game . ozim ok , ok , ok . you go and watch a dvd , yeah ? ekrem nod and hug ozim . we realize he be slightly derange . finally he let ozim go and leave . kirill watch he go . kirill he know to say he have not see we , right ozim ? ozim find the key to the kitchen . ozim he do not know anything . he 's touch by the angel . ozim open the kitchen door . 28 int . ozim' barber shop . kitchen - night 28 Inside the kitchen there be carcass of lamb hang from meat hook . there be knife and skewer around the place . ozim stop and lock the kitchen door behind they . 29 int . ozim' barber shop . kitchen - night 29 the freezer door open and ozim gesture towards a large package bound up in black bin liner which be dust with frost . kirill nod to nikolai who grab the package and haul it out onto the kitchen floor . kirill tear a hole in the bin liner and we see the frost - dust face of soyka . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 25 . 29 continued : 29 kirill study the face and nod . kirill that 's he . kirill cross himself . kirill ( cont 'd ) there be a time when he be like a brother to I . he put he hand on he heart with mock solemnity . kirill ( cont 'd ) now he look like a fuck ice cream . kirill giggle . ozim ( softly ) hey , hey , show some respect for a dead man . kirill respect ? this be respect . kirill reach into he pocket and produce a envelope which he hand to ozim . as ozim open the envelope and begin to count the huge wad of cash , kirill turn to nikolai . kirill ( cont 'd ) ok , nikolai , he 's all yours . and show some respect . this Muslim be scared of ghost . nikolai squeeze the body inside the bag . it be rock hard . nikolai have you get a hair dryer ? 30 int . ozim' barber shop . kitchen - night 30 we cut close to a ancient-look hair dryer from the shop downstairs be train onto a human hand with a large eagle tattoo . we pull wide to reveal the full , gruesome scene . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 26 . 30 continued : 30 nikolai have the body of soyka laid out on a surface , he head still bound up in a bin bag , he lower portion bound up similarly . nikolai be de-frost soyka 's leave hand with the hair dryer , concentrate on he ring finger which have a gold ring on it . the part of soyka 's shirt and jacket which be visible be crust with freeze blood . nikolai be wear rubber glove . as he dry , nikolai take a sip of coffee . ozim be watch this scene with horror . kirill have he arm fold , mightily impressed . finally the hand be thaw enough for nikolai to remove the gold ring . he study a inscription and then offer it to ozim . ozim shake he head as if the thing be a contagion . nikolai shrug and pocket it . he then turn the hair dryer back on and blow some hot air onto the crisply bloody chest of soyka . he tug at the freeze lapel of the jacket and blow air into the inside pocket . within a few moment he be able to remove soyka 's glisten , thawing wallet which be cake in freeze blood . he open it ( we glimpse a photo of a wife and child ) and blow hot air onto the money inside . he tug a wad of freeze bank note from the wallet , all stick together by drop of freeze blood . he offer this money to ozim as well but ozim shake he head vigorously . kirill hoot with laughter . ozim be now stare at nikolai as if he be a devil from hell . nikolai grab a plastic bag and put the money inside it , then pocket the freeze wad . he toss the rest of the freeze wallet to ozim , who instinctively catch it . nikolai you would better burn that . ozim , reacting to the cold of the wallet and to the horror of it , drop the thing on the floor . nikolai look at ozim as if he be a complete amateur . nikolai ( cont 'd ) do you finish cut he hair ? ozim can not answer . nikolai ( cont 'd ) I just think you might want six - fifty out of he pocket . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 27 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 kirill laugh . nikolai take a deep breath to prepare himself . nikolai ( cont 'd ) ok , now I be go to do he tooth and cut off he finger . ( to ozim ) you might want to leave the room . ozim think , decide , leave fast . a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) you too , kirill . kirill smile and pat nikolai on the cheek . kirill leave . nikolai be leave alone . his hand shake a little as he pick up he cup of coffee . 31 ext . nine elm . abandoned dock - morning 31 nikolai pull up beside a rusting crane on the abandon dock in a dry-cleaner 's van . kirill watch as nikolai grab the semi-thawe body , now bag and tie , lift it onto he shoulder , and smartly approach the dockside . kirill be not you go to weight he down or something ? nikolai drop the body into the water with a splash . nikolai if you want to dump a body , this be the place . the current keep it under the surface until past the barrier . nikolai and kirill watch as the body be swallow by a fast ocean-bound current . 32 ext . london STREET - night 32 Anna pull up at some light on she motorbike . tatiana ( v.o. ) my friend say he would get I to Amsterdam and from there we could find a way into London . I have be practise my sing and ( more ) ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 28. 32 continued : 32 tatiana ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) have even rejoin the church choir . I be also practise my English . 33 int . tran - siberian restaurant - night 33 semyon sit alone at the dinner table in the restaurant where before there be family and uproar . outside it 's dark and raining . he be read a Russian crime novel . a half - empty bottle of vodka sit on the table . tatiana 's voice - over continue as we cut inside the restaurant . tatiana ( v.o. ) my friend say he uncle own the restaurant where you can sing . he be sure this man will take care of I . there be a knock at the door and semyon look up sharply . his eye glisten . he put he novel aside . 34 int . / ext . tran - siberian restaurant . door - night 34 semyon be unlock the door and discover , in the drizzle and half light , that it be Anna . semyon ah . my dear ! I be not expect you so early . anna be it ok ? 35 int . tran - siberian restaurant - night 35 semyon and Anna be sit down at the candlelit table . Anna fumble in she bag and produce a sheaf of photocopy sheet . she have photocopy the page of the diary and they be laid out in segment on each page . anna I copy the whole thing . semyon take the page and look troubled . semyon where be the original ? ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 29 . 35 continued : 35 anna I be go to keep it . maybe give it to tatiana 's daughter someday . semyon look thwart but hide it well . he study the photocopy sheet for a while then look up and smile . semyon I will need my spectacle and a clear head . today I break my rule and drank vodka . tomorrow I will translate it . he fold the papers carefully . semyon ( cont 'd ) then I will bring what I have do to you home . where do you live , Anna ? there be nothing in semyon 's smile to cause alarm but Anna perhaps remember nikolai . finally ... anna not far . I can drop by and pick it up . semyon then maybe I can drive you home . anna I be fine . I be on my motorbike . semyon stare at she for a moment . semyon so what will happen to the poor child ? anna after Christmas , they will do a miss person report . semyon who will ? anna the police . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 30 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 semyon do not blink . at that moment a little girl of seven ( maria ) emerge from the darkness , carry a soft toy . maria grandpa . semyon hey , hey , Maria , go back to bed . maria I be too sad . next Christmas be not for another hundred and hundred of day . semyon take she onto he knee . as he do , we see , for the first time , a eagle tattoo on he wrist . semyon but you have have so many present . the girl waft semyon 's cigar smoke . maria you should not smoke , grandpa . semyon I know . semyon cuddle Maria and stub he cigar . Anna smile at the warm family scene , perhaps remember she own father . 36 ext . tran - siberian restaurant - night 36 nikolai get out of the mercede and help a extremely piss kirill out of the car into the rain . kirill be so drunk he slip through nikolai 's hand and land in the gutter . kirill we be partner now , man , you know ? ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 31 . 36 continued : 36 nikolai yeah , yeah , I know . nikolai manage to lift he to he foot again . as they head towards the restaurant , Anna emerge . nikolai look up , curious , as semyon kiss she on both cheek in the doorway . as she turn kirill stumble forward and collapse in front of she . nikolai look up at Anna , he face splash with rain . nikolai ( cont 'd ) what ? you never see anybody piss before ? semyon look down at the drunken kirill and slam the door of the restaurant . nikolai sigh , then turn to kirill and start to go through he pocket . nikolai ( cont 'd ) come on , kirill . where be you key ? Anna walk around the two of they , watch the undignify struggle as nikolai find kirill 's key . nikolai smile at she . nikolai ( cont 'd ) who be you , anyway ? Anna hurry away into the rain . nikolai find kirill 's key and drag he toward the door of the restaurant . 37 int . tran - siberian restaurant - night 37 nikolai heave kirill into a chair . semyon be back at he novel and watch as kirill attempt to get to he foot and then stumble to the floor . he slump down , now totally unconscious , breathe deeply . nikolai smile . nikolai we go to a kurdish place . they do not even celebrate Christmas . semyon step up to where kirill be lie and stand over he for a moment . then he kick he hard in the gut with all he might . nikolai be shocked , and grab semyon 's arm . a hand laid upon he be like deadly poison . kirill grunt and moan . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 32. 37 continued : 37 kirill hey , papa , what do I do ? this be merry Christmas or what ? semyon kick he hard in the gut again . nikolai I think he 's have enough . nikolai step in between semyon and kirill . semyon be shocked that anyone should face he like this . semyon who ... the fuck ... be you to tell I enough ? nikolai 's face harden . nikolai we be partner . nikolai look down at kirill . nikolai ( cont 'd ) he 's thunder , I be lightning . he make all the noise , I do all the damage . semyon I hire you as a driver ... semyon bend to roughly hoist kirill into a chair . semyon ( cont 'd ) ... someone to stop he kill himself . nikolai well , you get more than a driver . nikolai reach into he pocket for a business card and offer it to semyon . as semyon look at the card in the candle light , he also see the tattoo of a eagle on nikolai 's hand . it be obvious that the tattoo mean more than the card to semyon , and he react . nikolai ( cont 'd ) I run a mini-cab business . ( more ) ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 33. 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 nikolai ( cont 'd ) albanian , chechen , Russians . they deliver package . anything . anywhere . a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) I only take this job so that I could get to meet you . ( in Russian ) I think you and I could do business together . a pause . semyon look at nikolai with utter contempt . semyon I have no idea what business you be talk about . now get out . nikolai smile and then leave . semyon watch he go then peer at he drunken , sleep son with something approach compassion . 38 ext . tran - siberian restaurant - night 38 nikolai hurry out to he car in the rain . he hear a engine splutter and spot Anna still try to kick -start she motorbike . he approach . she 's already soak . nikolai watch she try to start the bike and fail . nikolai you have get water in it . deadpan , Anna look up and hold out she hand into pour rain . anna Water ? what make you think that ? Anna try to start the bike again . nothing . nikolai the postmen use this . in my village . when I be a boy . Russian copy of BMW flat twin . Anna try one more time to start the bike and growl with fury . nikolai gently take she shoulder and after a brief resistance Anna climb off the bike . nikolai sit astride it . he kick it . it fail to start . Anna fold she arm . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 33A . 38 continued : 38 he try again . and again . he climb off . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 34 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 nikolai ( cont 'd ) get a bus . Anna curse under she breath . nikolai be not sure what to make of she . she begin to chain the bike 's rear wheel . nikolai ( cont 'd ) you get far to go ? Anna tuck she crash helmet under she arm and prepare to set off walk . anna just across the park . nikolai I be a driver . I even do limousine . look ... nikolai open the rear car door . nikolai ( cont 'd ) if semyon find out I let one of he guest walk home in the rain , he would fire I . and I can take care of you bike . so ... nikolai hold open the rear car door . rain pour . 39 ext . london STREET - night 39 nikolai be drive Anna through the rain-swept street . the wiper beat time as they drive in silence . as nikolai hold the steering wheel , Anna see the intricate detail of the eagle tattoo on the back of he right hand . nikolai so you be a midwife . Jesus . Anna smile politely . nikolai ( cont 'd ) what 's it like ? anna you get use to it . a pause . nikolai seem vaguely horrify at a memory . nikolai I do not faint , but it be close . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 35 . 39 continued : 39 anna how many have you get ? nikolai half shrug . pause . anna ( cont 'd ) what , you do not know ? nikolai yeah , I know , I know , it 's just ... it make I upset , you know ? think about it . this time of year . they be back in Yekaterinburg . in the forest . near the mountain . a long pause . anna Left here . nikolai turn . anna ( cont 'd ) so semyon employ you ? nikolai I be ... sort of freelance . anna you say he would fire you . nikolai do not answer . Anna decide she can be bold . anna ( cont 'd ) do you ever meet a girl call tatiana ? nikolai I meet lot of girl call tatiana . anna she be pregnant . nikolai in that case , no , I never hear of she . Anna do not care for the smile on nikolai 's face . anna she die last night on my shift . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 36 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 nikolai I think you do birth . anna sometimes birth and death go together . ( pause ) she have needle puncture all over both arm . dehydration , emaciation . early presentation of syphilis . probably a prostitute . at the age of fourteen . nikolai ( quickly , without a pause ) you know what ? I hate the rain . this time of year . you ever be to Russia at Christmas ? man , snow that cover you whole house . nikolai glance at Anna in the rear-view mirror . nikolai ( cont 'd ) oh yeah . and the ice . Whole lake cover in ice . you do not want to walk across they , though . Ice get thin where you least expect it . anna you think semyon 's son know she ? nikolai like I say , I be a driver . I go leave , I go right , I go straight ahead . that 's it . Anna nod , she curiosity and suspicion arouse . nikolai glance at she . nikolai ( cont 'd ) what ? anna just here be great . nikolai pull over and Anna open she door to escape . anna ( cont 'd ) how much do I owe you ? ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 37 . 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 nikolai Christmas present . 39a ext . helen' house - night 39 a nikolai watch she hurry to she front door and let herself in . 40 ext . the bank of the thame - next morning 40 somewhere within sight of the Thames barrier . a dozen policeman and forensic investigator be milling round on a shale beach , the icy water of the Thames lap at they foot . 40a int . forensic tent - morning 40 a a large tent have be erect over the body of soyka . Inside the tent two senior police officer await the arrival of a third man , a specialist from the Russian desk ( yuri ) , who be not dress for the weather . he have obviously be drag out of bed . he be lead to the side of the body . one of the officer pull up the dead man 's hand and show he the eagle tattoo . officer we think he might be Russian mafia . yuri study the tattoo , then borrow a torch . he crouch to push up the wet trouser leg on the corpse 's right leg . when the knee be expose in torch light we see a small star tattooe on the knee cap . yuri he be actually a chechen . he be also a member of the vory v zakone . the star on the knee mean he would never kneel before anyone . yuri open the dead man 's shirt and we see a tattoo of a eight - point star on he chest . yuri ( cont 'd ) in Russian prison , you life story be write on you body in tattoo . you do not exist without tattoo . ( pause ) he be a captain . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 37a . 40a continued : 40 a he then check out the finger in the torchlight and we glimpse that the finger tip have be sawn off . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 37b . 40a continued : ( 2 ) 40 a yuri ( cont 'd ) but he have be process professionally . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 38. 40a continued : ( 3 ) 40 a yuri straighten and grab a paper towel to wipe he hand . officer there be something else . it be ... inside the body . chest cavity . the officer hold up a small zip - lock bag which have a handwritten note seal inside it . the handwrite be just visible through the wet cellophane . 40b ext . the bank of the thame - morning 40b yuri step outside the forensic tent . he open the bag and take out the note . he unfold it to read , then smile to himself . 41 int . helen' house . anna's bedroom - morning 41 Anna be drying she hair , look at herself in the mirror . she turn off the dryer . there be a knock on the door . helen Anna ? helen enter look anxious . we see stepan hover in the background . helen ( cont 'd ) stepan , come here . tell she what you tell I . stepan stand primly in the doorway , strangely defiant . anna what ? ( pause ) stepan , what ? I be late for work . he shake he head angrily . finally from behind he back he produce tatiana 's diary . anna ( cont 'd ) who give you that ? helen it be on the dresser . anna mum , you can not go through my thing . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 38a . 41 continued : 41 helen you want he to translate it . Anna get up to grab the diary . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 39 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 anna and he say he would not do it so I have find somebody else . stepan explode . stepan no Anna ! you do not go to someone else with this ! you do not go to anyone ! nasilovanie , it mean rape . iglah , it mean needle . prostitutcia , perhaps you can guess . stepan hand the diary to Anna and then turn . stepan ( cont 'd ) I go to wash my hand . he disappear . Anna and helen be leave in awkward silence . Anna bury the diary in she dress table drawer . helen look at she with anxiety . helen Anna , stepan say this girl end up in the hand of the vory v zakone . do you know what that mean ? anna just because I be back in this room do not mean I be twelve again . helen you never listen to I even then ! anna look , if I do not find a relative in the next few day they will put christine out for foster . once she 's in the system , she will never get out again . a pause . helen who name she christine ? ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 40 . 41 continued : ( 3 ) 41 anna I have to call she something . it sound like Christmas . ( pause ) she 's very beautiful . helen be now deeply concerned . helen if I can persuade stepan to translate it , will you leave the rest to the police ? Anna look at helen , then dig out the diary and hand it to she . anna tell he I have hear bad word before . helen be about to leave . she stop in the doorway . helen you father use to say the vory be a contagious disease . there 's no cure once they have touch you . a pause . Anna smile . anna momma , this be London . 42 int . suburban house . neglected sitting room - day 42 we be in harlesden , NORTH london . a large portable stereo be play rock music . the curtain be draw against daylight . the live room be decorate in seventies suburban style , but with the wall paper peel and the paint work fade . kitsch painting still decorate the wall . six young East -european girl be sit on a break - down sofa and on hard - back chair , wear short skirt . they eye be sink and they face vacant of expression , but they be paint with so much make - up they almost look like tiny , sad clown . they sit in silence as the music blare out . after a few moment a young albanian man enter and clap he hand . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 41. 42 continued : 42 albanian ok , boss be here . boss , boss . you make he happy ... all the girl apart from one immediately get to they foot and begin to dance to the music , they body move awkwardly and painfully . the albanian approach the one girl who refuse to stand and yank she to she foot . he slap she hard and hiss at she in albanian . she try to sit down again but he pull she up and slap she again . finally he shove she into the middle of the room and she begin to dance , sobbing as she do . albanian ( cont 'd ) no fuck cry . it 's a party ! 43 ext . suburban house - day 43 kirill and nikolai be climb out of nikolai 's mercede . kirill be in full flow as they walk towards the house . the rock music be audible outside the house . kirill so he say to I , `who be this driver guy ? ' I laugh so hard . kirill knock on the door hard . kirill ( cont 'd ) and I say you be the safest guy I would meet . solid . a pause . nikolai and what do he say ? kirill you know my dad . he do not say nothing . but he eye look impressed . the door open and the albanian open he arm in welcome . albanian kirill ! kirill get out of the fuck way , you black gypsy baboon . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 42. 43 continued : 43 kirill push he way inside and nikolai follow . 44 int . suburban house . sitting room - day 44 kirill and nikolai be swigging whisky from the bottle and dance with the girl . some of the girl be drink , too , and manage to laugh . kirill be dance maniacally and swinging he girl around faster and faster until she fall over . nikolai swig he drink and notice the girl who refuse to stand up . she be stand in the corner , sobbing . nikolai do not care to look at she for more than a second and he go back to dance . after a moment kirill dance he way over to nikolai and yell above the music . kirill ok , which one you go to fuck !? nikolai ( laugh ) what 's it to you ? kirill serious . pick one . nikolai I be just enjoy myself , man ... kirill suddenly stop dance and stare at nikolai . he yell again over the music . kirill you hear I ? you be go to fuck one of this girl . nikolai ok , ok , Jesus ... kirill you be go to fuck one of this girl right now . that 's a order . nikolai what ? what 's the matter with you ? kirill suddenly go to the stereo system and yank the plug from the wall . silence . the girl look terrify . the only sound be the sobbing of the girl who will not dance . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 43. 44 continued : 44 kirill be glaring at nikolai . kirill come on nikolai . who be you go to fuck ? a pause . kirill ( cont 'd ) I be recommend you to my dad . I want to make sure you be not a fuck queer . kirill look suddenly wild . he swig he whisky . a long pause . nikolai you have drunk enough kirill . kirill enough ? kirill hurl he whisky bottle against the wall . the girl all flinch . kirill ( cont 'd ) you fuck siberian ox do not tell a vor what be enough . a pause . nikolai study kirill 's anger . kirill ( cont 'd ) I have bring you to my dad 's best stable . he use this place himself . they be all clean . now I be go to watch you fuck one of this girl to prove to I that you be not queer . a pause . kirill ( cont 'd ) so which one be it go to be ? silence . nikolai look around the room . finally ... nikolai turn to the girl who be sobbing . nikolai her . kirill smile . white revision - 9/12/06 44 . 45 int . suburban house . bedroom - day 45 nikolai be fuck the girl , who be now silent . she be on all four , register no emotion . kirill be lean against the wall , drink wine from the bottle , watch nikolai with burn eye , he lust and drunken jealousy mixing together . nikolai grit he tooth and come inside the girl . kirill whoops and whistle and begin to applaud . the girl be still silent , expressionless . kirill you do ok ! you do ok . nikolai yeah ? nikolai glare at kirill . nikolai ( cont 'd ) well if my examination be over , get the fuck out of here while I get dress . kirill grin and offer the girl a elaborate bow before leave . finally alone , nikolai gently help the girl to lie down . she be numb . he cover she up with a blanket then begin to pull on he clothes . the girl be stare up at the ceiling . after a few moment she begin to sing a Russian folk song softly under she breath . nikolai speak to she softly in Russian . nikolai ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) what 's you last name ? a pause . finally the girl stop sing but be silent . nikolai be insistent . nikolai ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) tell I you last name . girl kirilenko . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 11/27/06 45 . 45 continued : 45 nikolai ( in Russian ) where be you from ? silence . she look up and stare into nikolai 's eye . she see some urgency there ... girl Ukraine . nikolai ( in ukrainian ) where ? which village ? which town ? girl ( in ukrainian ) irpen . outside kiev. the girl be ask a silent question but nikolai do not linger . he head for the door then stop and turn . nikolai ( in ukrainian ) stay alive a little longer . 46 int . trafalgar hospital . s.c.b.u. christine's private room - 46 night in the half - light private room , Anna be dance with christine in she arm . she be sing a lullaby softly to she . the door be open to the rest of the ward and all the other baby be silent . finally she lay a sleep christine back in she crib . she sit down on the bed where the mother should be . she curse herself silently and get to she foot , determine to pull herself together . as she start to leave the private room to enter the ward , she be suddenly confront by semyon . he be stand in the shadow , a bavarian trilby in he hand . Anna gasp with shock . semyon speak softly ... semyon hello Anna . I come on tiptoe . anna how do you get in here ? ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 45a . 46 continued : 46 semyon there be always open door , Anna ivanovna . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 46 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 Anna glance at a alarm button . anna you be not allow in here . semyon please Anna , let I speak . semyon look to be almost in tear . he speak softly . semyon ( cont 'd ) I translate the diary ... a baby begin to cry and be comfort somewhere across the ward . semyon ( cont 'd ) I be shocked to discover ... that my son kirill be mention many time . semyon appear to be fight tear . semyon ( cont 'd ) I have know for some year that he have stray from the path I set out for he . his mother die when he be very young . a pause . Anna almost begin to buy he sorrow ... anna what do it say about he ? semyon look up , he eye fill with tear . semyon many bad thing . a pause . semyon ( cont 'd ) but Anna please . let I deal with he . if the diary should find its way to the police ... semyon wipe he eye . semyon ( cont 'd ) some of the thing my son do be illegal . Anna , he be a good boy . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 47 . 46 continued : ( 3 ) 46 a pause . anna I do not care about he . I care about the baby . semyon of course . of course . and that be the baby ? semyon glance over Anna 's shoulder into the corner where christine be sleep . Anna freeze and do not reply . semyon take she hand . semyon ( cont 'd ) Anna , I have make some inquiry and I have find out a address for tatiana 's family in Russia . that 's where the baby belong , no ? Anna react but semyon 's face suddenly harden ... semyon ( cont 'd ) so ... perhaps we can do a deal . he stare into she eye . semyon ( cont 'd ) do you understand I , Anna ? at that moment a nurse walk by and hesitates when she see semyon . nurse Anna ? anna it 's ok . he 's just leave . semyon put he hat onto he head . semyon you know where I be , Anna ivanovna . he turn . semyon ( cont 'd ) and I know where you be . semyon disappear into the shadow of the ward . as Anna react we hear tatiana in v.o. ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 48. 46 continued : ( 4 ) 46 tatiana ( v.o. ) I be throw down the stair and fall onto some sack , like potato sack ... 47 int . helen' house . kitchen - day 47 stepan be sit at the kitchen table , translate tatiana 's diary aloud , as helen transcribe it onto a note pad . stepan 's translation break up with emotion but he try to remain detach . helen also try hard to concentrate on she task but wipe away a tear as she write . tatiana 's v.o. slowly blend into stepan 's voice ... stepan ... like potato sack . kirill come down after I and he hit I until I be bleed . then he try to rape I but he could not do it ... he just get madder and madder and keep hit I . in the end he father come down . it be the father who rape I . he shout at he son ... ' if you do not break a horse , it will never be tame , kirill ' . they hear a key in the door and prepare for Anna 's arrival . when she enter she feel the tense silence . after a moment , helen try to be bright ... helen hello dear . how be you night ? Anna see the tear in both they eye . she see the diary and the transcription and sit down . helen ( cont 'd ) stepan 's arthritis be play up . I be take dictation . helen get to she foot . helen ( cont 'd ) would you like some tea or something ? anna no . Anna gently push helen back into she seat . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 49 . 47 continued : 47 helen what 's wrong ? anna he come to see I . silence . anna ( cont 'd ) the man from the restaurant . he come to the hospital . stepan leap to he foot . stepan I tell you this would happen ! I tell you ! helen sit down stepan . stepan the devil be loose now . everyone begin to talk at once ... anna I know it 's my fault ... helen it 's no one 's fault ... stepan they be in this room now . they be cancer ... helen we should just sit down calmly and think ... stepan I have a friend from Ukraine who own a gun .... helen stepan !! stepan ... from the war in Afghanistan . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 50 . 47 continued : ( 2 ) 47 helen do not talk about gun ... Anna suddenly stand up . anna shut up both of you !!! silence . everyone catch they breath . anna ( cont 'd ) ok ... now ... what would dad have do ? a pause . stepan we all know what he would have do . stepan head for the kitchen cupboard and produce a bottle of vodka . Rather than admonish he , Anna and helen both nod agreement . stepan pour three large vodka . stepan knock he down . Anna and helen take sip . helen and then he would have be practical . stepan he would ask if there be bullet for the gun . helen no ! this be not we world . we be just ... ordinary people . stepan I deal with the vory v zakone when I work for the kgb . anna you never work for the fuck kgb ! helen Anna ! stepan ( primly ) I be a auxiliary ! ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 51 . 47 continued : ( 3 ) 47 helen please ! a stand off . finally ... helen ( cont 'd ) what do this man want ? anna the diary . in return he will give we a address for tatiana 's family . for christine 's family . a pause . they all look to each other . helen and that 's all he want ? stepan be utterly astound . stepan you can not do deal with this people ! helen this be not a deal . it 's a exchange of information . stepan have you forget already what I just read to you ? helen we must be practical . anna stepan , I think he be threaten to harm christine . helen then it 's settle . stepan no !! no !! no !! helen ( repeat as a mantra ) stepan , this be not we world . we be ordinary people . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 52. 47 continued : ( 4 ) 47 stepan stare at they both for a long time . finally he get to he foot and point to the diary . stepan she be a ordinary person . he leave . Anna and helen hold hand , genuinely close now for the first time in a long time . 48 ext . tran - siberian restaurant - next day 48 nikolai pull up in he car . he check he look in the rear view mirror and put on he sunglass . as he get out of the car he notice that Anna 's motorbike be still there . he approach it , stroke the bodywork . suddenly , someone grab he from behind . it 's kirill . kirill hey , come on , nikolai , I have get a Christmas present for you . 49 ext . tran - siberian restaurant . back delivery area - day 49 a white van be park with its rear door open , ready for unload . kirill show nikolai that the van be load with unmark white box . kirill open one . nikolai open one of the box and produce a bottle of vintage champagne . kirill ( cont 'd ) from France . Old as fuck . Old be good with wine . sixty quid a bottle anywhere . except I get they for ten quid a case . nikolai from where ? kirill ` from where ? ' from where you do not ask . give it here ... kirill snatch the bottle and begin to uncork it . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 53. 49 continued : 49 kirill ( cont 'd ) if my dad say ok , I can start tell you about the serious stuff . import , export . this booze be just for gift to papa 's friend . the real import stuff be from Kabul , you understand ? he pop the cork and swig the froth champagne . nikolai import - export sound good . kirill laugh . kirill you bet it 's fuck good ... nikolai hand the bottle back . as he do , one of the van door be kick close revealing semyon , suddenly upon they . kirill ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , papa ... you scared I .... semyon grab the bottle of champagne and smashes it on the floor . kirill recoil in terror . nikolai straighten , face up . kirill ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? we be just sampling it ! semyon be so furious he still can not speak . he grab kirill and slam he against the wall . finally he hiss in he face . semyon you friend soyka be dead . kirill yeah ? so what ? what 's that get to do with I ? semyon do not lie to I !! semyon slam kirill against the wall once more . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 54 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 kirill I swear I do not know nothing about it ... semyon I say , do not lie to I ! semyon slam kirill hard against the wall again . suddenly nikolai step forward . nikolai you dad be right , kirill . there 's no point lie to he . a pause . semyon and kirill be freeze for a moment . nikolai calmly light a cigarette . nikolai ( cont 'd ) ozim 's nephew slit soyka 's throat . kirill pay he to do it . there be stunne silence . semyon loosen he grip on kirill . kirill ( in Russian ) shut you fuck mouth ! nikolai ( in Russian ) you dad always know the truth anyway . nikolai and semyon survey each other . nikolai ( cont 'd ) but it 's ok boss . you do not have to worry ... semyon ( incredulous ) I do not have to worry ? nikolai I dispose of the body myself . the police will not find a thing . semyon have now lose all interest in kirill and be concentrate on nikolai . he laugh with incredulity . semyon my son commit a murder ? ( more ) ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 55 . 49 continued : ( 3 ) 49 semyon ( cont 'd ) on my own doorstep ? a fellow soldier ! and no one think to tell I about it ? nikolai the vory code say you do not talk to anybody about you captain . kirill be my captain . semyon circle nikolai . nikolai ( cont 'd ) when I find out what have happen , I do what I have to do to clean the situation up . kirill be about to speak but before he can , nikolai speak for he . nikolai ( cont 'd ) it be a matter of honor . soyka be spread lie about kirill . about you family . ( in Russian ) kirill do the right thing . semyon hiss with fury and grab nikolai . semyon I decide what be right and what be wrong . you do not kill a vor for no reason . nikolai shrug semyon off , hold he ground . nikolai you know as well as I do soyka be talk to the police . a pause . semyon be shocked at the depth of nikolai 's knowledge . he peer at he . semyon for a driver , you be well inform . nikolai I have get connection with the chechen who export car . soyka be speak to the Russian desk . Scotland yard . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 56 . 49 continued : ( 4 ) 49 a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) kirill do a good thing for all we people . we people will know that . in semyon 's silence kirill finally gather courage ... kirill papa , I swear to you , I be go to ... semyon shut up ! kirill be hurt that semyon seem only to be interested in nikolai . after study nikolai for a while ... semyon ( cont 'd ) if you be so well inform , you will know soyka have brother . nikolai ( with a smile ) that 's ok . kirill have get I . semyon show the first flicker of admiration . he then look at kirill with utter contempt , make the comparison with nikolai obvious . semyon get this box out of sight . semyon leave they . kirill be angry , straighten he clothes . finally he yell .... kirill you hear he , patsan ! get this box out of sight . 50 int . burger restaurant - day 50 it be Saturday morning and the place be full of family . Christmas decoration be beginning to look rag . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 57 . 50 continued : 50 Anna and helen be sit at a table , terrify but try hard to stay calm . stepan arrive with a tray of coffee and a burger . he sit , and Anna and helen glance uneasily at each other . stepan begin to eat noisily . anna how the hell can you eat ? stepan I be hungry . there be a tension that build until nikolai 's mercede suddenly loom into view , fill the street window of the burger bar . nikolai get out of he car , all shade and sharp suit . anna that 's they driver . stepan very deliberately slide he hand into he inside pocket . helen ( hiss ) tell I you have not do anything ridiculous ... stepan remove he hand , empty , he bravado crush . nikolai enter the restaurant and spot Anna . he come and sit at the table beside stepan , opposite Anna . it 's a tight squeeze . Anna and helen be stiff with terror . nikolai smile . nikolai meet in a public place with lot of people around . very wise . he smile at helen . nikolai ( cont 'd ) and I see you bring along a body guard . also very wise . stepan be shaking with emotion and hiss something in Russian . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 58. 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 stepan ( whisper , in Russian ) when I be in the kgb , we know how to deal with scum like you . nikolai smile . nikolai ( in Russian ) when you be in what ? helen shush , stepan . Anna ? nikolai be amused by the three of they . Anna produce tatiana 's diary and hand it to nikolai . nikolai study it and nod . he get to he foot ... anna ( shaking ) now you give I the address . nikolai what address ? anna tatiana 's family . nikolai I do not know what you be talk about . nikolai calmly head for the door . stepan hiss . stepan I tell you ! I know they would do this .... Anna get to she foot . helen Anna ! no ! come back here ! Anna race out of the restaurant in pursuit of nikolai . 51 ext . burger restaurant - day 51 nikolai have emerge into the busy suburban street and be about to get in to he car . Anna fly at he , yell . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 59 . 51 continued : 51 anna she be fourteen ! read the diary ! she be fourteen when he rape she ! nikolai casually hit the key fob of he car . anna ( cont 'd ) you murder she ! you bastard murder she ! passer - by stare at Anna . helen and stepan have come out of the restaurant to restrain she . nikolai stop and judge the fury on Anna 's face . he speak calmly . nikolai anger be very dangerous . it make people do stupid thing . forget any of this ever happen . you be in the wrong place , Anna ivanovna . he gesture at the burger restaurant . nikolai ( cont 'd ) you belong in there . with nice people . stay away from people like I . Anna and nikolai be stare at each other , suddenly a strange connection between they . then stepan step forward and spit in nikolai 's face , deliver a Russian curse as he do so . nikolai almost react out of instinct but stop himself . nikolai wipe he face and peer into Anna 's eye . finally he get into he car and drive away . 52 int . tran - siberian restaurant - night 52 nikolai be alone , sit at a candlelit table , read tatiana 's diary . we hear tatiana in voice-over ... tatiana ( v.o. ) I be not sure I can carry on another day . the window will not open so I can not throw myself out . they inject I every day with heroin . ( more ) ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 60 . 52 continued : 52 tatiana ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) sometimes I think this be all a hallucination ... he see semyon approach from the kitchen and close the diary . semyon grab a bottle of vodka from the bar on he way to sit opposite nikolai . nikolai push the diary across the table . semyon pour two drink . semyon it be good to have someone who I can trust to do simple task . a pause as semyon glance at a few page of diary . semyon ( cont 'd ) in this business , sometimes the biggest danger come from the most stupid thing . you can not afford to be careless in any area . nikolai sense a change of attitude towards he . as if semyon be beginning to accept he into the fold . semyon raise a toast . semyon ( cont 'd ) nasdrovia . nikolai nasdrovia . after a moment . semyon so what be the lie that soyka be spread about my son ? nikolai look anxious . nikolai ( in Russian ) it be nothing important . semyon kirill have he kill for nothing important ? semyon pour two more vodka . nikolai I do not want to repeat it . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 61 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 semyon ( smile ) for I you will repeat it . nikolai do not respond . it be obvious that semyon half know already . he shrug ... semyon ( cont 'd ) you play with the Prince to do business with the King . but if you want to do business with I you must be open with I . thiefe - in - law . a pause . semyon nurse he vodka . semyon ( cont 'd ) what be soyka say about the Prince ? he stare into nikolai 's eye . finally , nikolai stammer ... nikolai that he be a drunk . and that he be also ... a queer . semyon swig he vodka and nikolai swig he . semyon pour two more . semyon have to stare out of the window to hide he emotion . semyon ( softly , in Russian ) my only son . they both knock they drink back . semyon look suddenly angry as he peer out of the window . semyon ( cont 'd ) you know it never snow in this City . and it 's never hot . London be a city of whore and queer . my son ... semyon shrug , fight deeper emotion ... semyon ( cont 'd ) ... I think London be to blame for what he be ... ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 62 . 52 continued : ( 3 ) 52 nikolai so why do not you go home ? semyon smile , as if see Moscow through the window . semyon the cold get into my bone . a pause . semyon ( cont 'd ) and also ... the kgb would be wait for I . nikolai smile ruefully and glance at semyon . nikolai fsb . they be call fsb now . semyon whatever they call they they be worse even than the kgb be . maybe the kgb and the vory v zakone be partner in a marriage . we have rule , they have rule . he swig some more vodka . semyon ( cont 'd ) now in Moscow , the thief do not wear tattoo and the police do not wear uniform . you never know who they be ... semyon seem to be take the vodka less well than nikolai . he pour some more . semyon ( cont 'd ) you have hear about this new policeman ? nikolai do not blink . semyon ( cont 'd ) they get under you , over you , behind you , inside you . they be the one you least expect . semyon peer at nikolai and nikolai do not respond . mention of the new breed of fsb agent cause a almost imperceptible tension in nikolai . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 63. 52 continued : ( 4 ) 52 be semyon too drunk to notice ? there be a strange game go on here . for now , nothing be reveal . semyon knock back he vodka and nikolai do the same . semyon pick up the diary and hold it into the flame of the candle . it begin to burn and he drop it into the ashtray . the flame flicker for a while . semyon ( cont 'd ) the midwife say she have a uncle . a Russian . nikolai I meet he . semyon so you know what he look like . semyon peer at nikolai . semyon ( cont 'd ) she say he have read the diary . a pause . semyon ( cont 'd ) we can not trust a Russian with that kind of information . a pause . semyon ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) do you understand I ? semyon get to he foot and smile . semyon ( cont 'd ) perhaps you can deal with he . semyon leave nikolai to stare into the flame of the burn diary . 53 ext . trafalgar hospital . maternity unit - day 53 Anna exit , pull on she coat against the cold . she stop in she track when she see she unchain motorbike park in the parking bay . she hear nikolai 's voice over she shoulder . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 64 . 53 continued : 53 nikolai I think I would bring it back before it get steal . lot of villain around . sorry about the chain . Anna be about to walk quickly away ... nikolai ( cont 'd ) I get that address you want . Anna turn and see nikolai be offer a scrap of paper . nikolai ( cont 'd ) a little village outside St. Petersburg . I know it . not much of a place for a kid to grow up in . especially not a girl . she hesitates . nikolai approach and give she the address . nikolai ( cont 'd ) if you want my opinion , the kid would be better off in London . maybe with you . why not ? tatiana 's family do not sound like the kind of people who would want another mouth to feed . a pause . anna you read the diary ? nikolai look all around . Anna study he , unsure . anna ( cont 'd ) so how can you keep do what you be do ? nikolai I tell you . I be just a driver . Anna see some softness in he expression . they eye lock . anna you look the other way . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 65 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 nikolai I be a camera . the picture stay in my head . Anna see pain in he eye . she peer at the address . anna why do you bring I this ? nikolai I do not know . I be pass . after a long moment Anna turn away . nikolai ( cont 'd ) oh , and ... you uncle . nikolai smile . nikolai ( cont 'd ) be it true he be in the kgb ? anna I do not know . nikolai well , he 's a brave old man . that 's for sure . a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) do he live with you ? Anna be about to answer but stop herself . nikolai peer at she and finally shrug then turn to walk away . he gesture at the bike . nikolai ( cont 'd ) I fix it . it should be ok now . Anna watch he walk away into the street . 54 ext . chelsea football ground . side street - night . 54 crowd of football supporter be stream away from the football stadium , where the floodlight be still casting they glow . there be arsenal and chelsea supporter on opposite side of the street and there be some mildly vicious yell between the two group . Police be visibly keep order . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 66 . 54 continued : 54 among the crowd we see ekrem . he seem slightly drunk on top of he normal craziness . he have a arsenal scarf around he neck and be look for trouble , jeer at the chelsea supporter across the street . ekrem hey ! hey kabuka chelsea ! fuck you !! yeah you ! aliverisme !! fucker ! a policeman step up to ekrem and give he a shove and he stumble a little . as he get to he foot we notice two chechen men who be trail ekrem , ducking they head away from the line of policeman . 55 ext . cemetery - night 55 ekrem be now isolate from the crowd , swigging from a can of lager . he be chant ` arsenal , arsenal ' to himself as he walk . he stop to take a piss on someone 's grave . in the background the two chechen be come closer . as ekrem zip he fly , the chechen be upon he . one of they grab he arsenal scarf and begin to strangle he . ekrem choke for a while and the chechen loosen the knot . the second chechen pull out a open razor . ekrem struggle to escape ... chechen for my brother ... the chechen cut ekrem 's throat then drop he onto the grave stone . 56 int . tran - siberian restaurant - night 56 the place have two dozen customer and there be a Russian band play ` Dark eye ' . at a particular table a old Russian lady be have she birthday celebrate by a ador family and lot of very ancient friend . there be a huge round of applause as semyon emerge from the kitchen with a cake decorate with sparkler . 57 int . tran - siberian restaurant . kitchen - night 57 semyon return to smoke and steam and yell . as he prepare to take a drink one of the young dishwasher approach . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 67 . 57 continued : 57 dishwasher ( in Russian ) guy out the back . semyon grab a bottle of vodka . 58 ext . tran - siberian restaurant . kitchen rear - night 58 semyon emerge into the wine crate and beer bottle in the yard at the back of the restaurant where the doberman be strain at the leash , snarling and bark . a already anxious ozim be cower in the shadow , hold at bay by the dog . the moment semyon step out the dog stop bark . ozim relax a little and step forward . semyon pet the dog . semyon so what do they say ? semyon take a swig of vodka . ozim look severely nervous . ozim they be go to kill I . that chechen be savage . ozim be relive the ordeal . ozim ( cont 'd ) I point out that I be a Muslim too and it be a sin for a Muslim to kill a Muslim . semyon ( irritate ) what do they say about my son ? ozim they say they would spare I only if I deliver kirill to they . semyon you be be very honest . ozim I fear you more than I fear they . semyon suddenly break the neck of the bottle and hold the jag edge to ozim 's throat . the dog snarl at semyon 's foot . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 68. 58 continued : 58 semyon never again do business with any member of my family behind my back . ozim never . I will never listen to kirill again . I swear ... semyon toss the bottle away . after a moment ... semyon do they know where to find kirill ? ozim they be like wolf . semyon do they know what he look like ? ozim shake he head . ozim no . they have just arrive from the mountain . semyon then tell they you will deliver kirill to they . ozim be stunne . he stare at semyon as if he be insane . semyon ( cont 'd ) tell they to give you two day . 59 int . helen' house . anna's bedroom - night 59 Anna be read the translation of the diary by lamplight . tatiana 's voice over continue . tatiana ( v.o. ) I know now for sure that I be pregnant . it have not begin to show yet . after I be rape they make I take pill but I guess it be too late . I be condemn to give birth to a new life . but first I will try to find a way to end my own life and spare this child the pain . Anna look up from the page and think . pink revision - 11/12/06 69 . 60 ext . housing estate - night 60 a large public housing estate be be sweep by rain . Christmas light glow in the window of the dilapidate tower block . stepan be walk against the wind , carry a bag of shopping . he hold onto he Russian hat to stop it blow away . kid splash in the puddle . stepan arrive at the front garden of he small , ground - floor council flat . as he fumble for he key in the cold we see that nikolai be watch he from the driver 's seat of he mercede . once stepan have disappear into he flat , nikolai get out of the car and approach stepan 's flat . 61 int . helen' house . kitchen - night 61 helen be prepare food for a small family dinner . Anna enter with she cellphone in she hand . she mooches for food to hide she agenda . finally ... anna mum ... I can not get hold of stepan . helen why do you want to ? anna I need to check something with he . helen Anna ... anna ( matter of fact ) he 's not at home , do you know where else he might be ? helen simply stare at she . helen Anna . have not you have enough excitement ? anna ( deadpan ) I think I have work out who christine 's father be . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 70 . 61 continued : 61 helen slam she knife down . helen ( yell ) why do it matter ?!! anna ( firmly ) it matter ... to I !! a pause . after a moment helen go to she , hold she hand and peer into she eye . we expect comforting word , but instead ... helen you enjoy this . a pause . helen ( cont 'd ) you be like you father . ordinary life be not enough . Anna turn and walk out of the house . 62 ext . london street - night 62 Anna drive she motorbike through North London street . rain be fall . 63 ext . tran - siberian restaurant - night 63 Anna be stand in the fall rain , stare over at the tran - siberian restaurant . the restaurant be busy , with the noise of reveler swell every time the door be open . Anna seem to be exile from where she should really be - Inside a restaurant like this , with its danger and vibrancy . suddenly she be illuminate by headlight . she turn and see that nikolai be pull up in he mercede . kirill be in the passenger seat . nikolai get out of the car and stop when he see Anna . Anna be like a fox catch in headlight . nikolai what be you do here ? a pause . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 71 . 63 continued : 63 anna ( echoing nikolai 's word ) I do not know . I be pass . kirill study the gaze between nikolai and Anna and sense the connection . kirill if you be pass , you pass . you keep go , bitch . nikolai , come on ... kirill grab nikolai 's arm , and after peer at Anna for a moment , he turn to go with kirill . Anna gather she courage . anna family be important to you people be not it ? kirill ( laugh ) ' you people ' ? ( in Russian ) what the hell be she talk about ? Music swell from the restaurant . anna tell semyon the baby I deliver on Christmas Eve be he daughter . kirill and nikolai stop . a swell of laughter from the restaurant . Anna be about to continue but nikolai step forward and place two finger on Anna 's lip to stop she from say anymore . Anna tear he hand from she mouth . at the same time kirill yell in Russian . kirill ( in Russian ) what do she say ?! Anna be terrify but angry too . she yell . anna when he rape she she be a virgin . then they give she pill . semyon have to be the father ! ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 72. 63 continued : ( 2 ) 63 kirill suddenly go for she over the bonnet of the car .... nikolai ( in Russian ) ) she 's a civilian ! kirill push Anna up against the car , but she fight he . anna she be fourteen ! she be a child ! kirill slap Anna hard . nikolai grab kirill and pull he away . kirill you do not use my father 's name ! you do not say that filth about he ... he go for Anna again , and this time nikolai shove kirill to the wet ground . he look up at nikolai and slowly get to he foot . he wipe he hand then stare into nikolai 's eye . kirill ( cont 'd ) do not even look at she any more . headlights from a pass car sweep the scene .... kirill ( cont 'd ) that 's a order . nikolai peer at Anna for a moment . Anna 's voice be defiant but crack with fear . anna tell he what I say . nikolai have take what Anna say on board . he speak softly ... nikolai there be nothing to tell . slave give birth to slave ... kirill yell .... kirill come on nikolai !! he turn to Anna ... ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 73. 63 continued : ( 3 ) 63 kirill ( cont 'd ) and if you open you mouth again , I will tell my driver to stick he cock inside it ! understand ? maybe that 's what you want ! he offer the light of the restaurant to she as a vicious invitation . kirill ( cont 'd ) you want to come in ?! maybe we all get to fuck you .... Anna stare back . nikolai peer at she for a moment before grab kirill and pull he away towards the restaurant . 64 int . tran - siberian restaurant . kitchen - night 64 the place be wind up . chef and waiter be clean surface and dish . the only still point be semyon , who be cut and wrapping the birthday cake in small parcel of golden paper . he work intensely and delicately at the back of the kitchen . nikolai and kirill enter . kirill swig a half - drunk glass of wine . kirill that girl you fuck in front of I ... you remember she ? the ukrainian bitch ? nikolai no . kirill so they kick down the door . this be ordinary fuck police . they ask for she by name and they take she away . some fuck punter must have give they she name . what give the police the right to take we woman , huh ? semyon shoot kirill a hard look : he 's talk too much and too loudly . kirill ignore the look . kirill ( cont 'd ) hey papa , I never see so many old people in one place . whose party be it out there ? the angel of death ? ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 74 . 64 continued : 64 semyon ( in Russian ) she be one hundred year old . semyon work on for a moment then glance at kirill . semyon ( cont 'd ) kirill , go down into the cellar and bring up some brandy . twelve bottle . kirill turn to leave . kirill come on , nikolai , help I . semyon no . he stay here . I want to talk business . a confuse pause . kirill look from nikolai to he father . kirill what business ? a pause as kirill suddenly sense he exclusion . kirill ( cont 'd ) papa , what business ? his business be my business . semyon stare at kirill and kirill know the look . semyon go to the cellar kirill . and take you time . kirill hesitates . he be angry as hell but too scared of he father 's gaze to say anything . finally he turn fast and depart , slamm he open hand against the door as he go . semyon wait a moment before return to the business of cut the cake . finally ... semyon ( cont 'd ) do you deal with the old man ? nikolai nod . a pause . semyon look up and fix nikolai with a stare . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 75 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 semyon ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) it 's time you join we . a long moment . the thing nikolai have be work for have finally happen . there seem to be little joy . nikolai ( in Russian ) thank you . papa . semyon return to he work . nikolai hesitates . nikolai ( cont 'd ) what shall I tell kirill ? semyon continue with the cake , unconcern . semyon tell he I change my mind about the brandy . 65 int . tran - siberian restaurant . cellar - night 65 the cellar be half light , the arched wall line with crate of wine . flour , grease and potato be store here . as nikolai walk down the step into the gloom , he hear kirill sing a Russian folk song to himself as he drag a case of brandy across the cellar floor . kirill have already open a bottle of brandy and take a long swig as nikolai join he . he grin as he gesture at the brandy ... kirill my dad swap a little georgian girl for this stuff . nikolai sit down on a crate , rest he head against the wall . kirill join he and swig some more . kirill ( cont 'd ) hey , do not feel bad . what happen up there be just how he be . he play people against each other . that 's all . I realize more and more what he 's like . here , drink to the georgian girl ... kirill offer the bottle to nikolai but he refuse . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 76 . 65 continued : 65 kirill ( cont 'd ) what ? I drink alone now . nikolai decide to bite the bullet , get this news over with . nikolai he offer I star . I accept they . a long pause . this be what kirill want , but now it feel like a stab in the back . finally kirill swallow a huge swig of brandy then turn awkwardly to hug nikolai . he squeeze he hard for a long time then shove he away . kirill ( lie ) ) you think I do not know already ? he tell I before . it be my fuck idea . he say there be a lot of thing I have to teach you . nikolai nod . kirill get to he foot .... kirill ( cont 'd ) some stuff will take a long time . I have be protect you until now . nikolai yeah . kirill what ? a pause . kirill ( cont 'd ) you think I do not know stuff you do not know ? I be vor by birth . the star be a birthmark for I ... nikolai I know , kirill . kirill be about to fly into a rage but nikolai get to he foot . kirill where the fuck be you go ? we have get to celebrate . help I with this bottle . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 77 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 nikolai head for the step . nikolai you dad do not need the bottle any more . as nikolai depart kirill call after he . kirill hey ! we be still partner , right ? Thunder and lightning ! nikolai climb the step . kirill be leave to swig he brandy and stare into the darkness . he wipe he eye angrily with he sleeve . 66 ext . tran - siberian restaurant . two day later - night 66 sweet Russian choral music cover the next four scene . the street outside the restaurant be now flooding with rain . a Daimler and a bentley be already park . a large suv pull up and a hard - look Russian man in he sixty ( valery ) be ushere from the car by bodyguard in suit and shade . he be greet by a darker - look man in he fifty ( the gypsy ) who have a fur coat around he shoulder . semyon be wait on the doorstep , dress in a fine dark suit . 67 int . tran - siberian restaurant - night 67 the curtain be draw against the rainy light . the gypsy , valery , semyon and two other russian men be sit in a line behind a restaurant table , like a judge panel . after a moment nikolai enter , dress in suit and tie for the biggest interview of he life . the vory behind the table greet he . then nikolai take off he jacket and remove he tie . he then take off he shirt , to reveal that he upper body be decorate with elaborate tattoo ( detail to follow ) . he carefully place he shirt over the chair then sit down . the panel of the vory study he body , the gypsy push a candle across the table to better illuminate the detail of the tattoo . only after the man have study the tattoo do the interview begin . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 78. 67 continued : 67 the follow dialogue should not be translate , and can be cut around to suggest a long and grueling interview . valery we can see that you be in prison in siberia . and that you be a thief . nikolai my father be a government worker . he fix the car of official . I begin by sell the spare part when I be fifteen . valery you have no force tattoo ? nikolai none . gypsy you be not co-operative ? nikolai I spend two year in the punishment block . valery you go through the cross in St. Petersburg ? nikolai I be in solitary confinement fifteen time . I be call ' the stump ' because they could not shift I . valery you father be a bitch and a weak fucker for work with the government , that 's right be not it ? nikolai flicker a little . nikolai that 's right . my father mean nothing to I . my mother .... gypsy you have no mother . she be a whore anyway . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 79 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 nikolai yes . I have no mother and no father . there be only the code , the vory v zakone code which I have always follow . valery that be why there be a empty place above you heart . where the star will go . and why there be a empty place on you knee . nikolai I be dead already . I die when I be fifteen . now I live in the zone all the time . gypsy you have never work for the government ? any government ? nikolai I have live off albanian and georgian . I steal from they within the law . the question and answer be deliver with great solemnity , make the ceremony feel almost religious . candle burn , the man all sip water . semyon be silent throughout but listen attentively . towards the end of the interview there be the ghost of a smile on the gypsy 's face and this please semyon . 68 ext . tran - siberian restaurant . rear entrance - night 68 a wizen old Russian man ( the tattooist ) arrive at the kitchen door , carry a batter leather case . the kitchen door be open as he arrive and semyon greet he . 69 int . tran - siberian restaurant - night 69 the choral music continue as we see the old man open he case and pull out tattooing equipment . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 80 . 69 continued : 69 nikolai be sit in a banquette at the back , wear only he underpant . we circle nikolai as the tattooist begin to work on he knee , prepare nikolai 's knee cap for the tattoo . the needle bite at nikolai 's skin as the old tattooist wipe away the blood . then we see the needle work on the empty space above nikolai 's heart , tattooing the star symbol . nikolai now have a star tattoo on each knee and two eight - point star on he chest . he be now a member of the vory v zakone . 70 int . helen' house . anna's bedroom - morning 70 Anna be lie awake , she curtain draw against the daylight . helen knock and enter with a cup of tea , just as in the open scene . Anna sit up . helen ( almost accuse ) have you sleep at all ? Anna do not answer . helen look anxious as she peek out of the curtain . helen ( cont 'd ) I try to get hold of stepan for you . a pause . helen ( cont 'd ) he 's usually either at home or at he sister . but she have not hear from he at all . helen be try to hide she anxiety but Anna see it . helen ( cont 'd ) he do spit in that horrible man' face . anna I do not think the driver would do anything to stepan . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 81. 70 continued : 70 helen know Anna well , sense some flicker of attraction . helen how do you know what he would do ? a pause . helen ( cont 'd ) you have not speak to he since , have you ? Anna do not answer and helen 's anger spark ... she leave and slam the door . 71 ext . turkish bath - day 71 we be in St. pancras , North London . more rain . ozim be wait nervously , blow into he hand against the cold . the turkish bath building be a victorian red-brick edifice . nikolai pull up in he mercede . 72 int . turkish bath . changing room - day 72 ozim and nikolai be undress . the place be desert apart from a old turkish bath -house attendant who be distribute towel . ozim be unbuttone he shirt . ozim semyon recommend this place for business meeting because you can see what tattoo a man have . nikolai be pull off he shirt and ozim react to the sight of the fresh eight - point star tattoo . ozim chuckle . ozim ( cont 'd ) come on . we have a lot to get through . let 's cook . ozim disappear into a steam room , naked . nikolai watch he go , a private agenda bubbling beneath the surface . 73 omitted 73 pink revision - 11/12/06 82. 74 int . turkish bath . steam room - day 74 ozim and nikolai sit side by side , sweat . there be no one else in the steam room . ozim we line to Kabul get break every two or three week . nikolai how come ? ozim the Americans . Fucking NATO . ( pause ) valery nabokov import flower and television set into this country . the television set be one in ten . that mean one in ten have cargo inside they . nikolai where do they dock ? ozim grin . ozim I will tell you when I return from the bathroom . ozim chuckle as he leave in a swirl of steam . nikolai lean back against the cold wall , he tattoo almost the only visible thing through the steam . 75 int . turkish bath . changing room - day 75 ozim be dress frantically , he face suddenly betray he real anxiety . he check he watch as he put it back on he wrist . after a moment the two chechen brother who kill ekrem enter the change room . they swagger up to ozim . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 83-83a . 75 continued : 75 he gulp down he fear . ozim kirill be in there . ozim slap he chest to denote the place where they will see the vor tattoo . they head towards the steam room as ozim grab he shoe and hurry towards the exit . 76 int . turkish bath . steam room - day 76 nikolai be sweat hard , stare at the ceiling . the steam room door open but the steam be now so thick he can not see who have enter . nikolai ozim ? he see a shape ... a clothed body . he realize immediately . suddenly one of the brother be upon he and have he in a head lock . he stroke the tattoo on nikolai 's chest as if this be confirmation of who this be . he grunt a instruction and he brother emerge through the steam with a open razor . nikolai be naked , alone . suddenly he kick the razor guy in the ball and use a martial art chop to free himself from the other brother . in the steam there be boot and bare foot and knee and finger fly . nikolai manage to gouge the eye of one brother and throw another against the wall . he obviously have serious combat training but the brother be strong and angry . suddenly nikolai be slashed across the arm by the razor and blood ooze into the steam and hot water . all the man be slip and fall on the blood and hot water . another slash of the razor cut he thigh open . all the man be now cover in blood and nikolai , with a final surge of strength , manage to cripple one brother with a blow to the throat , and the other with a elbow to the temple . as the chechen slump to the floor , nikolai fumble in the bloody water for the razor , find it , kneel , and slashes they throat . he lurch to he foot , drop the razor , and stagger out of the steam room . 77 omitted 77 goldenrod revision - 11/27/06 84. 78 int . trafalgar hospital . a and E department . canteen - day 78 Aziz and a group of a dozen doctor and nurse be eat lunch , some in party hat , some drink red wine out of paper cup . Aziz seem anxious , distract . Anna enter in a hurry , locate Aziz and join he . anna I be so late . sorry . she look around the ' party ' with horror ... anna ( cont 'd ) oh God ... aziz it 's fine , although I think I have have enough . he smile and downs he glass of wine in one go . anna Paul , on my way here I make a decision . aziz ( mock horror ) you can not possibly dump I . we be not even go out . anna take my hand . Aziz , confuse , take she hand . anna ( cont 'd ) feel my pulse . Aziz feel Anna 's pulse . Anna take a deep breath . anna ( cont 'd ) I be go to apply to adopt christine . a pause . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 85 . 78 continued : 78 anna ( cont 'd ) can you feel that ? Aziz smile . aziz yes , I can . 79 int . trafalgar hospital . a and E department - day 79 nikolai be be hurried down the corridor , he face cover with a oxygen mask . he be cover with a surgical gown which be cover in blood . his arm flop out from under the cover as the paramedics rush he into the hospital . Anna be walk in the opposite direction . then , as nikolai 's trolley pass , Anna see nikolai 's arm , flopping from under the cover . she see the eagle tattoo on the back of he hand . Anna freeze . 80 int . trafalgar hospital . ward . nikolai be room - day 80 nikolai be conscious in bed , attach to a single drip . his wound have be stitched up . a doctor and two nurse be settling nikolai 's vital sign , move around he , check he temperature . finally they clear the bed and through the glass of the room we see Anna , stand outside , stare in at nikolai . 81 int . trafalgar hospital . ward . nikolai be room - night 81 nikolai be peer through half - open eye . the last nurse be check he vital sign . then Anna enter . the nurse stop work ... nurse Anna ? anna be it ok to talk to he for a minute ? the nurse hesitates ... nurse he 's still in trauma . do you know he ? Anna glance at nikolai who be rouse himself . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 86 . 81 continued : 81 anna yes . the nurse be reluctant but see Anna 's fierce stare and finally leave . after she have go nikolai stir , focus on she face . nikolai I think you do birth . nikolai smile , but Anna be try hard to even out she fear and anger . anna my uncle .... nikolai try to sit up and register pain . anna ( cont 'd ) ... the one who spat in you face ... he 's disappear . a pause . nikolai gasp in pain as he raise himself up . Anna see the wound on he arm and glimpsis the tattoo on he chest , scare she even more . anna ( cont 'd ) if we do not hear from he soon we be go to the police ... nikolai reach for a bottle of water and manage to take a swig . Anna be impatient for a reaction . anna ( cont 'd ) do you know where he be ? a pause . nikolai finish the bottle of water in one thirsty swig . finally ... nikolai yes . a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) he 's in Scotland . in Edinburgh . in a five-star hotel . Anna be locating the door in case she have to flee as nikolai swing he leg out of the bed to stretch he painful limb . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 87 . 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 anna Edinburgh ? nikolai I be go to need some clothes . I arrive here without any . can you get I some ? Anna do not budge . nikolai ( cont 'd ) I can not walk out of here naked . anna you can not walk out of here because you be attach to a drip . explain Edinburgh . nikolai sigh , sit back down on the bed . he finally speak softly . nikolai you uncle know too much . nikolai shrug . nikolai ( cont 'd ) I be tell to get rid of he . I be mean to send he to heaven with a bullet in he head . instead I send he to Edinburgh . with a first - class ticket . a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) he be of the old school . he understand the situation . Exile or death . Edinburgh be he idea . he say they throw a great party at New Year . and he say it be a good excuse to get away from he family . nikolai smile at Anna . nikolai ( cont 'd ) so ... just a pair of jeans and a T - shirt . a jacket . and some shoe . Anna still look disbely . nikolai sigh . ( continued ) goldenrod revision - 11/27/06 88. 81 continued : ( 3 ) 81 nikolai ( cont 'd ) the hotel be call the caledonian . without a pause Anna leave . 82 int . trafalgar hospital . s.c.b.u. christine's private room - 82 night Anna be sit on the bed beside christine 's crib . christine be asleep . Anna be speak into she cell phone , try to keep she voice down . anna ( into phone ) ...no , I could not get much sense out of he , he be drunk . a pause . Anna look exasperate . anna ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) mum , I do not want to tell you how I find he because I do not want another argument . I just want you to know he 's definitely safe ... Anna listen with weariness . anna ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) no , we can not tonight . I be work . I need the money . ( a pause ) for a place of my own , for Christ 's sake ! she listen with grow anger until she finally cut the call without a word . christine stir but do not wake . she lean back against the wall , already regretful . 83 int . trafalgar hospital . ward outside nikolai be room - 83 next morning . the ward be busy as yuri , the police specialist from the Russian desk , enter wear a heavy overcoat . he look all around and approach a nurse . pink revision - 11/12/06 89 . 84 int . trafalgar hospital . ward . nikolai be room - morning 84 nikolai 's drip be be remove by a nurse . nikolai be examine he heal wound . then through the glass of the door he notice yuri , speak to a nurse , and obviously recognize he . the nurse point yuri in nikolai 's direction . 85 ext . trafalgar hospital . a FIRE escape landing - morning 85 it 's cold and the wind be blow . we see rooftop behind they . yuri be lighting nikolai 's cigarette . nikolai be wear yuri 's overcoat loosely over he hospital gown . yuri light he own cigarette and they smoke in silence for a moment . nikolai you get my message ? yuri chuckle . yuri use a dead body to file a progress report must be against fsb regulation . nikolai it 's call improvisation . yuri you have be improvise quite a lot lately . and take risk . he glance at the cut on nikolai 's hand ... yuri ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) maybe too many . nikolai suddenly glare at yuri . nikolai ( in Russian ) you do not come here to give I flower ... yuri shake he head and prepare to deliver bad news . nikolai turn as if to go back inside . yuri grab nikolai 's arm and speak formally .... ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 90 . 85 continued : 85 yuri in light of what have happen to you ... nikolai shake he head wearily .... nikolai ( in Russian ) ah , Christ ... yuri ... and in light of other violent incident associate with you , the Russian desk at Scotland yard have make a official request to the Russian embassy that you undercover operation in London be terminate . nikolai do not react for a moment . yuri ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) you have go beyond what be agree . with he cigarette dangle from he mouth nikolai begin to unbutton he overcoat .. yuri ( cont 'd ) in my opinion you should see this as good news . you have be in the zone far too long ... nikolai turn and slowly pull open the overcoat and the thin hospital gown beneath it . he reveal the eight - point star tattoo on he chest and yuri react with absolute astonishment . yuri ( cont 'd ) my God ... nikolai if they terminate the operation now , they will be waste this ... a pause . yuri look shocked and slightly horrify . nikolai too suddenly seem almost ashamed that he have get this far . after a long silence nikolai mumble . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 91 . 85 continued : ( 2 ) 85 nikolai ( cont 'd ) you tell the Russian desk you see star over my heart . ok ? tell they I be through the door . a pause . yuri be still overwhelm . yuri they be bound to ask ... who do you kill ? a pause . nikolai ( in Russian ) tell they I only kill myself . a pause . yuri be humble . they share a moment of understanding as they smoke . finally ... nikolai ( cont 'd ) and you can tell they I be go to replace semyon at the head of the London organization . yuri laugh . yuri what drug be they give you ? maybe it 's the anesthetic speak . nikolai I need you to take semyon out of the picture . I want you to arrest he . nikolai light another cigarette from the stub of the one he be smoking . yuri be incredulous . yuri arrest he for what ? nikolai rape . yuri begin to chuckle . nikolai ( cont 'd ) the girl be fourteen . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 92 . 85 continued : ( 3 ) 85 yuri ( incredulous ) and of course , she will testify ... nikolai she do not have to . she 's dead . a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) but she have semyon 's baby . if you prove the baby be he and prove the girl be under age when the baby be conceive , that 's statutory rape . a pause . yuri begin it think it through . nikolai ( cont 'd ) all you need be the baby and some of semyon 's DNA . for poetic reason I suggest you take he blood . yuri peer at nikolai with awe . a long pause . finally yuri smile . yuri you intrigue I . a pause . yuri ( cont 'd ) if we have never have this conversation they would have send you home . you could have spend the spring in the mountain . Riding you bicycle to you office every morning through field of flower . a pause . yuri ( cont 'd ) why stay ? nikolai react but do not answer . a pause . yuri ( cont 'd ) you keep in touch . yuri study nikolai . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 93. 85 continued : ( 4 ) 85 yuri ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) and take care , mikhail . yuri tenderly take he overcoat from nikolai 's shoulder and go back through the fire -escape door . nikolai be leave cold and expose in he thin gown . 86 int . trafalgar hospital . ward . nikolai be room - day 86 nikolai be play chess against himself , sit on the bed , try hard to concentrate . there be a knock and Anna enter , carry a old shopping bag . she take out a wear pair of jeans and a T-shirt , a denim jacket and a batter pair of shoe . nikolai smile ... nikolai how be uncle stepan ? instead of answer , Anna lay the clothes on the bed . anna ( deadpan ) they be from the morgue . they belong to someone who die yesterday . nikolai pick up the jeans and examine they . they be way too big . anna ( cont 'd ) I can not believe I be do a favor for someone just because he have the decency not to murder a member of my family . nikolai smile but Anna turn to leave ... nikolai hey ... wait a minute ... nikolai step behind the bed screen to pull on the jeans . he speak from behind the screen . nikolai ( cont 'd ) be you bike still work ok ? a pause . Anna consider leave but hesitates . anna yeah . it 's ok . ( continued ) 94 86 continued : 86 nikolai step out from behind the screen , the baggy jeans tightly belt , he chest bare . for the first time Anna see the extent of nikolai 's body tattoo and react .... nikolai see she reaction to the tattoo and do not care for it . he grab the T-shirt and pull it on . nikolai do you get in touch with tatiana 's family in Russia ? anna no . nikolai good . nikolai be now dress , he cut and tattooe arm still show . nikolai ( cont 'd ) so the baby 's still in England . a pause . Anna nod . anna she 's stay here for good . they peer at each other . anna ( cont 'd ) why do you care ? nikolai shrug and grab the shoe . anna ( cont 'd ) stepan say you be kind to he . he say you be risk you own life to keep he alive . nikolai laugh . nikolai yeah , and all the thanks I get be a pair of dead man 's shoe . ( pause ) * I listen to you . * anna * ( sarcastic ) * do you really ? * nikolai * yes. about semyon and the baby . * thank you . * ( continued ) 94 a 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 anna * ( still wary ) * you thank I for that ? * they eye lock across a huge divide . he rub the tattoo on he arm . ( continued ) 95 86 continued : ( 3 ) 86 nikolai ( indicate tattoo ) * this thing be just mark on the skin , you know ? Anna nod . a awkward pause , then Anna turn and leave quickly . 87 int . tran - siberian restaurant - day 87 the restaurant be fill with balloon of every color , all over the floor and bounce off the table . a large ` happy New Year ' banner be hang from the wall . kirill be sit on the floor amongst the balloon , blow up another one . Maria , semyon 's little granddaughter , run in to the restaurant and stop to stare at kirill . he begin to inflate another balloon then stop . kirill ( in Russian ) what be you look at ? maria ( in Russian ) you . Maria come to he and take a balloon . she try to blow it up but fail . kirill smile and blow it up for she . maria ( cont 'd ) what be you and grandpa shouting about last night ? kirill nothing , baby . maria it sound like something . kirill take a deep breath to blow a balloon then stop and look at Maria . kirill someone I know get hurt and I blame grandpa . maria do you fight each other ? I hear bang . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 96 . 87 continued : 87 kirill no . it 's not a fight if one of you do not fight back . a pause . kirill smile . we see slight abrasion . kirill ( cont 'd ) so , today I do as I be tell . she nod and kirill blow another balloon . at that moment kirill see on the security monitor behind the bar that a police car be pull up outside the restaurant . his face cloud as another pull up beside it . kirill ( cont 'd ) Maria . go upstairs . 88 int . tran - siberian restaurant - day 88 semyon sit at a bare table , opposite yuri from the Russian desk . a uniform officer stand nearby , and there be a police doctor with a medical bag sit at the next table , wait . the whole scene be render surreal by all the balloon which bounce around they . semyon be in full charming old man mode . semyon ( in Russian ) you will have a drink , yuri ... he be half on he foot . yuri ( in Russian ) I do not drink on duty . semyon ( in Russian ) sometimes I do not believe you be really Russian . yuri ( in Russian ) I have tell you , I be half Russian . semyon ( in Russian ) then have half a drink . yuri shake he head . semyon go to the optic and help himself to a vodka . ( continued ) white revision - 9/12/06 97 . 88 continued : 88 semyon ( cont 'd ) so what be all this nonsense ? yuri we just need a blood sample . semyon for what ? yuri we can take the sample right now voluntarily or I can get a order from the court . it 's up to you . semyon glance at the doctor and chuckle . semyon ( in Russian ) he sit there like a vampire . yuri ( in Russian ) what , you be afraid of needle , semyon ? semyon 's face harden and he glare at yuri . semyon I be afraid of ... conspiracy . a pause . yuri speak softly . yuri I will return tomorrow with a court order . he get to he foot . semyon wait . I have do nothing wrong . semyon begin to roll up he sleeve , revealing a long scroll of tattoo . then a needle be be push into semyon 's arm by the doctor . semyon 's face do not flicker . he stare into yuri 's eye . blue revision - 11/4/06 98. 89 int . tran - siberian restaurant . kitchen - day 89 kirill be prepare food for the night 's festivity . semyon enter and go straight to the sink . he pull off the plaster from he arm where the blood be take and pour some vodka over the tiny puncture hole . kirill what do they want with you , papa ? semyon to poison I . semyon pour more vodka on the wound then take a swig . semyon ( cont 'd ) they take blood from I with a needle . probably the same needle they use for all the junky and whore and black and queer . he glare at kirill as he roll he sleeve down . semyon ( cont 'd ) now I probably have the fuck queer disease . kirill have he back turn , do not react . semyon sit heavily . finally ... kirill why would they want you blood , papa ? for the first time semyon look vulnerable and confuse as he admit .... semyon I do not know . kirill be surprised to see he father unsure . he peer at he . semyon ( cont 'd ) someone be ahead of I . I do not like people ahead of I . kirill be now unnerve by semyon 's quiet confusion . he watch as semyon grab at the bottle of vodka to drink . he speak softly as he swig . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 99 . 89 continued : 89 semyon ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) what the hell do that cocksucker want with my blood ? kirill be reluctant to speak at first but eventually chance he arm . kirill maybe it 's about the baby . semyon ( swigging ) what baby ? a pause . kirill some bitch be out there say you be the father of a baby . semyon turn to kirill , he face harden ... semyon what be you talk about ? semyon approach and kirill get scared . kirill it be nothing . just some bitch ... semyon who ? kirill the woman from the hospital . the midwife . semyon stare into kirill 's eye and kirill mistake he frantic think process for anger . kirill back away . semyon be beginning to catch up . 90 ext . trafalgar hospital - night 90 the main entrance of the hospital be busy with visitor and staff . there be a ` happy New Year ' banner across the entrance . in amongst the bustle of visitor we spy a young man with he collar turn up and a bunch of red rose in he hand . we then see that it be kirill , enter the hospital . goldenrod revision - 11/27/06 100 . 91 int . trafalgar hospital . corridor - night 91 Anna be walk down a corridor with she crash helmet in she hand , head for another shift . 92 int . trafalgar hospital . elevator - night 92 we be close on kirill 's face as he study a map of the hospital near the elevator . Anna come down a stairwell and spot kirill - she especially notice the rose - just as he get into a elevator . the elevator door close . be it really he ? Anna be not sure . she frown . 93 int . trafalgar hospital . empty corridor - night 93 a door open and kirill step into stripe moonlight . clamp the rose under he arm , he pull a black zip - up sport bag from under he coat . after a brief dialogue with himself , he produce a half bottle of vodka and take a swig . then he hurry on . 94 int . trafalgar hospital . s.c.b.u. christine's private room - 94 night Anna walk onto the ward in she uniform . she check a few stat as she walk by various bed . she then glance over at christine 's private room . she tiptoe into the room and go to the crib . she find it empty - except for a bunch of red rose . outside the ward be now fill up with visitor . Babies cry , people laugh . Anna go back out to the ward and call to a nurse . anna Sonya ! be someone bathing christine ? sonya no . she 's in she cot . anna ( calmly ) well she 's not . she 's not . pink revision - 11/12/06 101. 95 omitted 95 96 int . trafalgar hospital . corridor - night 96 Anna run at breakneck speed through the corridor . 97 ext . trafalgar hospital . car park - night 97 kirill be at the wheel of nikolai 's mercede . he swig from he bottle of vodka , which be now more than half empty . he fire the engine and reverse . a car pass by have to slam on its brake . kirill yell . kirill hey , you stupid fucker !! a horn blow . the pass car accelerate angrily by . then we hear a baby cry . kirill look into the half darkness of the back seat and we see kirill 's black sport bag , partially zipped up . christine be cry inside it , she little grasp hand protrude past the zipper . kirill speak softly . kirill ( cont 'd ) be quiet baby . quiet baby . it 's ok . pink revision - 11/12/06 102. 98 int . trafalgar hospital . ward outside nikolai be room - 98 night Anna fly out of nikolai 's room and spot a nurse . anna what happen to the patient with the knife cut ? the Russian ? nurse we just discharge he . a couple of minute ago . Anna run out . 99 int . trafalgar hospital . reception - night 99 Anna run fast down the corridor towards the hospital exit . she spot nikolai ahead of she . she push past a couple of drunk and fly at he . anna where have they take christine ?! nikolai react . anna ( cont 'd ) you bastard !! where will he take she ?! tell I !! people back away as nikolai grab Anna 's arm and hold she still . nikolai what be you talk about ?! Anna study nikolai 's face and see he genuine confusion . she calm down a little . anna kirill . kirill have take christine . I see he here ! I think he be come to see you , but he be not , be he ? nikolai curse under he breath and think fast . nikolai you bring you bike ? blue revision - 11/4/06 103. 100 ext . nine elm . abandoned dock - night 100 the same dockside where nikolai dumped soyka and recommend this as the best place to dispose of a body . kirill pull up slowly in nikolai 's mercede . the car be park for a long time before finally the headlight be switch off . 101 ext . trafalgar hospital . maternity unit - night 101 nikolai and Anna race to Anna 's motorbike . nikolai I will drive . anna I will drive . Anna and nikolai leap aboard the bike and it start first time . with nikolai riding pillion , they roar away . 101a ext . london STREET - night 101a Anna and nikolai ride through London street . 102 ext . nine elm . abandoned dock - night 102 on the edge of the dockside , kirill be kneel with the zip - up bag before he . suddenly firework begin to burst over the Thames . it be the stroke of midnight . kirill unzip the bag . when he look inside christine stop cry . he peer at she , wiping away tear . kirill she 's a little girl , papa , a little sweet fuck girl ... kirill sob then christine cry ... kirill ( cont 'd ) shush , shush ... kirill lift she out of the bag and hold she close to he , firework still illuminate the London skyline . he look down at the freezing cold water , utterly confuse . he whisper ... kirill ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) I be sorry , my little sister . ( continued ) blue revision - 11/4/06 103a . 102 continued : 102 for a moment we believe he be go to throw she into the water . instead he begin to sing a lullaby to she and she cry stop . ( continued ) pink revision - 11/12/06 104. 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 then we see a single light behind he . in a firework flash we see nikolai and Anna climb off the bike . they approach cautiously . kirill stare at the man he love . a pause . christine begin to cry . anna kirill , let I take the baby . kirill you stay where you be . anna she 's cold , kirill . kirill suddenly scream as another barrage of firework explode . nikolai do not move . kirill be dangerously close to the edge of the dock . maybe he will throw himself in too . nikolai kirill , a vor do not kill little baby . kirill be motionless . nikolai ( cont 'd ) something like this would be bad for all of we . you dad have go too far , kirill . a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) it 's we turn now . nikolai step forward slowly . as he get closer kirill hug the baby . finally nikolai reach kirill and hug he . as he do he edge he away from the dockside . the three of they be lock in a long embrace . nikolai emerge from the embrace with christine in he arm . he quickly hand she to Anna who hug she close . kirill turn to nikolai . kirill I swear I do not know my dad be set you up . ( continued ) yellow revision - 11/21/06 105 . 102 continued : ( 3 ) 102 nikolai he 's go away . when he 's go the family business will be yours . a pause . nikolai ( cont 'd ) we can be partner again . Thunder and lightning , right ? kirill smile through he tear and nod . nikolai ( cont 'd ) get into the car . I will drive you home . a pause . kirill dry he eye and head for the car . nikolai look at Anna , who be hugging the baby . he wait a long time before realize he must leave she . nikolai ( cont 'd ) you be ok , yeah ? Anna nod . anna who be you really ? why have you help we ? ( continued ) 106 102 continued : ( 4 ) 102 nikolai can not answer truthfully , though he long to do so . there be a long pause before he manage to find a suitable lie . nikolai how can I become King if the King be still in place ? a pause . he laugh . Anna study he , unsure . more New Year firework explode over the river . kirill yell from the car ... kirill you come on , nikolai ! we be miss the fuck party of the year out there !! get here and drive !! ( in Russian ) that 's a fuck order !! nikolai and Anna peer at each other . nikolai maybe I can drive you somewhere ? she shake she head . anna there 's someone I can call . he will come and fetch we . nikolai nod , not like the information but hide it . nikolai come close and gently uncover christine 's face . he smile . kirill be hoot the car horn . after a moment nikolai and Anna kiss each other gently before nikolai head for the car . 103 omitted 103* 107 104 int . helen' house . kitchen - day 104 * a summer 's day . Anna , helen and uncle stepan be prepare to eat Sunday lunch . stepan be carve . the conversation be jovial as Anna and helen bring dish of food to the table . then we hear a baby cry . Anna go to a small crib and lift a six - month - old christine out . she hand she to helen who hug she . over this happy scene we hear tatiana in v.o. , a repeat of the first word we hear she say . tatiana ( v.o. ) my name be tatiana . my father die in the mine in my village , so he be already bury when he die ... Anna take christine back and take she to the window to peer outside , stare across the park . 105 int . tran - siberian restaurant - same day 105 nikolai be sit at a window table , alone , sip vodka , stare back across the park . he peer out at ordinary life go on in the street outside . tatiana 's v.o. continue ... tatiana ( v.o. ) we be all bury there . beneath the soil of Russia . that be why I leave to find a better life . nikolai finish he drink . the end