easy " a " written by bert V. Royal first draft August 3 , 2008 in darkness : olive ( v.o . ) the rumor of my promiscuity have be greatly exaggerated . fade in : int . olive's bedroom - present day olive penderghast ( 17 ) , a cute teenager , speak directly into the webcam atop she computer . olive let the record show that I , olive penderghast , be of sound mind , ample breast size and the occasional corny knock knock joke , do enter this video blog into evidence in the case against I . because I be be judge by a jury of my peer , I will attempt to insert `like ' and `totally ' into my confession as much as possible . so here it go ... I confess I be , in no small part , to blame for the vociferous gossip that have turn my varsity letter scarlet , but - for anyone hope that the sizzling detail of my sordid past will provide you with a reason to lock the door and make love to a dollop of you sister 's moisturize lotion - you will be gravely disappointed . ( beat . ) look , I just need to set the record straight and what better way to do that , than to broadcast it on the Internet . so , here it be -- part one : the shudder - inducing and cliched , however totally false account of how I lose my virginity to a guy at a Community College in a neighbor town . ( beat . ) let I just begin by say that there be two side to every story . this be my side , the right one . ( beat . ) like , totally . 2 . int . cafeteria - day olive sit with she best friend , rhiannon abernathy ( 17 ) , a brash teenager . it would be safe to say that this girl be definitely on the " B list " at they school . rhiannon fuck off ! George be not a `sexy ' name . George be like what you name you teddy bear , not the name you wanna scream out during a orgasm . olive that 's bullshit . there be lot of sexy Georges . rhiannon name three . olive start to say something , but rhiannon interrupt she . rhiannon ( cont 'd ) besides clooney . too easy . olive should not that alone be enough ? rhiannon Fine . that 's one . number two ? olive ( thinking ) okay . George ... ummmm ... reeves ! rhiannon who 's that ? olive superman . from way back . he be hot . rhiannon no way . teddy bear . olive bullshit . Ben affleck play he in that movie ! rhiannon so what ? charlize theron play that butt-fuck - ugly lesbo serial killer . besides he 's from another century . ( more ) 3. rhiannon ( cont 'd ) we be speak present day . I mean , Jesus , mortimer be probably a sexy name in some era . olive George stephanopolous . rhiannon what be you ? fifty ? olive ( thinking hard ) George ... rhiannon Bush ? yeah . he 's one hot mutherfucker . just face it . there 's no such thing as a sexy George . olive well , mine be . so , I think we should just put this conversation to bed . rhiannon Fine . do not come . I hate you . rhiannon fold she arm and pout . int . olive's bedroom - present day olive continue to narrate into she webcam . olive let I back up . I do not know if any of you have ever meet they , but rhiannon 's parent be quite possibly the creepiest people in a four county radius . int . the abernathy live room mr. and mrs . abernathy ( 50' ) sit on they couch , smile at the television , in they horrifically rustic home . mr. abernathy bare a strike resemblance to ukelele player , tiny Tim . ( although the man we be look at have a even more frightening smile . ) mrs . abernathy have hair to she ankle and dress like a mormon . 4. olive ( v.o . ) I have always feel sort of sorry for rhiannon , but not enough to do what she be ask I to do . we float upwards to - int . rhiannon be room - continuous rhiannon be on the phone , agitate . rhiannon ( into the phone ) please . please . I be begging you . I will pay you . int . olive's bedroom - continuous olive be on the other end of the phone conversation . we intercut between the two side . olive rhi , I can not . I tell you I have plan . rhiannon you be lie . you be a lie bitch and I hate you so much right now . olive ( lying ) I be not lie . I promise I be not . I really would love to go camp with you family this weekend . I have fun with you family last year . ext . wood - last year - night olive , uncomfortable , and rhiannon , bored , sit around a campfire with the abernathys . the couple stare at the fire with the same creepy smile plaster on they face . there be a excruciatingly long and painful silence . mr. abernathy would you like a marshmallow , olive oil ? 5 . Mrs. abernathy squeak out a meek titter that be annoyingly high -pitch . mrs . abernathy olive oil . that 's funny . very , very funny . olive ( politely ) no thank you , Mr. abernathy . mr. abernathy you can call I mortimer , olive branch . Mrs. abernathy titter again . rhiannon roll she eye . there be another awkwardly long silence , while the abernathys grin away at they fire . int . rhiannon be room - moment later rhiannon be get increasingly angrier at she friend . rhiannon ( into the phone ) why do not you just say it ? you do not like my parent . you think they be hopelessly pathetic and devoid of soul and wish that you could live with normal people who do not meet at a Star Trek convention !! she quickly catch she faux pas and stop talk . olive ( sympathetic to she friend ) rhi , I like you parent . they be sweet . but I can not go camp this weekend . rhiannon Quick . hurry and make up a lie . olive I have a date . rhiannon liar . 6 . olive ( lying ) no. I do . rhiannon with who ? olive you do not know he . rhiannon and neither do you , you selfish bitch ! olive I be serious . he go to the community college with my brother in Denton . rhiannon what 's he name then ? olive ( waxing cute ) who ? my brother ? rhiannon stop stalling . you be totally try to come up with a name . just say it . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- olive I be not proud of this . less about the lie and more about the unoriginality of it . okay , have you guy ever watch ` the brady bunch ' ? of course you have not . you be busy watch fake people pretend to be real on MTV . that 's why I know I could get away with it . see , there be this episode where Jan - the awkward middle child - make up a boyfriend to assuage the ridicule of she snatchy sister who have just steal the heart of the boy that Jan love . the name of she imaginary boyfriend be -- 7. int . olive's bedroom - day olive ( into the phone ) George Glass . rhiannon George ? what kind of a fuck name be George ? olive he 's pretty hot and he ask I out this weekend , so I say yes . although still skeptical , she seem a tad more mollify . rhiannon if you be choose he over help I cope with two day in the wilderness with this people who even I be not convinced be not serial killer , he have better be the one . you have better fuck marry he , have fuck baby with he and then take he for fuck everything he 's worth . olive deal . int . cafeteria - continuous rhi and olive continue they conversation , as rhi pop a tater tot into she mouth . rhiannon ( with she mouth full ) you be not off the hook , you know . I want lurid detail . this have better be the best date of you life to counterbalance the worst weekend of mine . olive I be sure you will have a good time . ext . wood - night rhi sit , bored and uncomfortable , while she parent smile at the campfire for a , again , awkwardly long moment . 8. int . olive's bedroom - present day to she webcam -- olive ( through the proverbial clenched teeth ) even though we now hate each other , rhi , I really hope you be watch this . because this part 's for you . the lurid detail of my weekend en flagrante delicto with the all - too - imaginary , yet surprisingly satisfy George Glass : Ken nordine 's beat poem `olive , ' ( from the late 60' album ` color ' ) , underscore to jazz , play as we see a montage of olive's weekend : in she bedroom , olive -- -- watch ` the notebook , ' pine over Ryan gosl . ken nordine ( v.o . ) olive . poor thing . -- paint she toenail jungle Red . ken nordine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) sit and think that it 's drab . sure do . sit and sit and sit and sit and thinks about it 's olive drab drab . -- dance to the jazz music , but alone , in she underwear and a t-shirt that declare : ` hand off . ' ken nordine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) doesn't know that it be about to be name ` Color of the Year , ' by that with the nose for the new . by the passionate few . yeah ... -- read teen people magazine . ken nordine ( cont 'd ) olive be definitely in . everything that can possibly mean ( more ) 9 . ken nordine ( cont 'd ) anything ! anywhere ! at least for a year . -- dance some more . ken nordine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) have get to be olive ! do you hear that olive ? do ya ? know what it mean ? oh olive ! there will be olive car and olive truck and olive chicken and olive duck and olive sock and olive garter and olive brake and olive starter ! olive , sorry ! olive , please ! olive whatnot and olive tree ! olive tree ? what a quaint notion ... olive tree . ( chuckling ) olive . out of breath from dance , she walk over and displace the needle from the ken nordine album she 's play . int . olive's bedroom - present day to the webcam -- olive but on Monday , when rhi ask I how my weekend be ... int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - day olive and rhi walk , with book in hand , to class - weaving in and out of people . olive it be nothing short of perfection . 10 . rhiannon detail , bitch . wait , first I need a scope of reference . who would play he in the movie of you life ? olive Ryan gosl , definitely . rhiannon that work . spill . olive he be charming . a real gentleman . rhiannon be you go to see he again ? olive probably not . it be just one of that weekend . rhiannon the whole weekend ? olive yeah . rhiannon suddenly stop and twirl olive to face she . rhiannon wait a minute . you do not ... olive no , of course not . rhiannon ( very loudly ) you fuck liar ! you totally lose you virginity to he . pedestrian student stop in they track to stare at they . olive I do not . rhiannon yes you did , you lying fucking whore ! olive grab she and drag she forward , interrupt the show . rhiannon ( cont 'd ) tell I everything and spare I the coquettish `just - the- tip ' bullshit . ( more ) 11 . rhiannon ( cont 'd ) I know you do it ! I know you let he put it inside you , so just tell I ! olive I be not that kind of girl . rhiannon the kind that do it or the kind that do it like a fuck porn star and then do not have the ball to talk about it ? rhi drag she into the -- int . girl ' room - continuous -- and abrasively , get up in olive 's face . rhiannon I want every pervert detail . now , bitch . pressure , olive lie . olive okay . Fine . we do it . rhiannon you lose you virginity ! Fucking finally ! now , you be a super - slut like I ! olive rhi. blow Peter tolliver once behind the pizza Hut do not make you a super-slut . rhiannon there be people walk past . whatever , this be not about I . this be about you . what do you let he do ? olive ( v.o . ) I start pile on lie after lie . it be like set up jenga . CUT to : 12 . a well - manicure female hand stack wooden jenga block onto a table . back to : olive ( cont 'd ) it be ... normal . nothing freaky . it be sweet . he be sweet . rhiannon be he big ? do it hurt ? olive no . it be great . like I say . okay , that 's enough . the toilet flush and marianne bryant ( 16 ) , a aryanesque , cardigan - wear Christian - girl exit from a stall and walk to the sink , where she vigorously wash she hand - while stare at rhi and olive with disgust . rhiannon what the fuck be you look at , Marianne ? marianne nothing . just a couple of admit whore . Marianne wipe she hand and leave the restroom . olive 's stomach revolve at she now- turn - public admission . olive so , how be you weekend ? ( I promise it 's the last time ... ) ext . wood - night the abernathys smile at the campfire , roasting weiner . rhiannon would rather be anywhere other than there . mr. abernathy wienie , rhi ? rhi snort in contempt of she father and he wienie . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- 13 . olive Marianne Bryant , as we all know , be the President of the Christian Student Coalition and be that rare breed of human bear with a stick the size of a baseball bat implant up she anus . God 's honest . I be sure it 's in some medical dictionary somewhere . int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - last year Marianne and she lackey , nina howell ( 16 ) , who 's just as awful as she be , pass out flyer . olive ( v.o . ) last year 's cause celebre be the change of the school mascot , which she spearhead . Marianne aggressively shove she literature into pass student face . int . gym - last year the school 's mascot ( 17 ) , a shirtless muscular kid paint blue and costume as a devil , burst into the auditorium and begin to rile student up by thrust he pitchfork in the air . mascot Blue devil ! Blue devil ! Blue devil ! the crowd go wild . int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - last year - continuous Marianne , melodramatically , grab a passing student by the arm . marianne how can we exhibit school pride when we be convey to other as satan worshipper ? the scared student take she pamphlet and run away . 14 . olive ( v.o . ) now , thankfully , we be the much less intimidating -- int . gym - last year - month later the mascot , unenthusiastic and feel ridiculous , walk into the gym dress as a -- olive ( v.o . ) meerkat . mascot go meerkat ! go meerkat ! he can not seem to get himself or the student body as excited - with the exception of Marianne and Nina , in the stand applaud proudly . the school band be play `goldfinger . ' across the gym , olive sit with rhiannon . rhiannon what the fuck be a meerkat anyway ? olive beat the hell out of I . but can we just take a moment to applaud the Barbara Bush High School march Band for they very ambitious effort to learn all of the James bond theme music in a single year ? I personally wish they all the best in they endeavor . ku-dos ! rhiannon I think I speak for all of the female student and faculty - and maybe a couple of male - when I say that I like Todd much better when he be shirtless . I actually look forward to this disturbing display of -- what do they call it ? olive School spirit . rhiannon yeah . that 's it . 15 . olive even dress as a meerkat , I still fantasize about he . rhiannon ha ! what be that people call again ? the one that dress up like stuff animal when they do it ? olive Communists . rhiannon laugh . rhiannon shhh . do not let Marianne hear you say that word . the last thing we need be mccarthyism at Barbara Bush . olive be not high school already a hot of just that ? rhiannon true . ( beat . ) yeah , I would totally fuck meerkat Todd . they both get lose in the think . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- olive so , of course , immediately I know that the little white lie I tell to my then - best -friend in the lady room would come back to bite I on the ass . however , even I - who my fourth grade teacher state on my report card `has a imagination that should be quickly expunge ' - have no idea how quickly this article of fiction would spread . so , now we move on to part two : the accelerate velocity of terminological inexactitude . 16 . int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - day olive load book into she locker . she see Marianne walk past with Nina . they give she a repulse look . olive decide to nip this in the bud . she catch up to they . olive hey Marianne , can I talk to you for a second ? Nina , reluctantly , give they a moment alone . marianne ( exasperated ) what ? olive listen , what you hear in the bathroom , that be not true . it 's actually a funny story . do you ever watch ` the brady bunch ' ? marianne olive - that 's you name , right ? olive know that Marianne know she name , but obligingly nod . marianne ( cont 'd ) I be not the one you have to answer to for you deprave behavior . there be a higher power to judge you indecency . olive ( jokingly ) who ? the guidance counselor ? marianne ( icily ) I hope for you sake , God have a sense of humor . olive oh , I have sixteen year worth of anecdotal proof that he do . olive look over and see that Nina be talk to a group of guy , who be look at olive , intrigue . 17 . olive ( cont 'd ) ( sotto voce ) damn it . Marianne see what she friend be do and smile at olive , coldly . marianne look . you have make you bed . I just hope for you sake , you clean the sheet . she turn on she heel and leave olive behind . olive ( to herself ) do I just get save ? she shake off she attempt and continue on she way , walk past the guy who smile at she . this alarm she . guy in hall hey olive . how 's it go ? without stop -- olive I be swell , guy - I have - never - laid - eye - on - before . thanks for ask . olive ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all I could think to myself be ` great , now I be go to have to start wear red lipstick and stiletto heel . ' battle she frustration , she go to class . int . dine room - night olive eat dinner with she family . her father , dill ( 40' ) , be a regular dad - kinda - guy . her mother , rosemary ( 40' ) be heavyset with a fun disposition . also in attendance be she `a-little - too- precious ' sister , ginger ( 12 ) . olive and she folk get along really well . olive hey , you guy know that I be here all weekend , right ? 18 . they all nod at she . olive ( cont 'd ) and you would testify to that ? dill ( slightly concerned ) what 's up , sweet pea ? olive it 's nothing . just the rumor mill . rosemary what 's the rumor mill turn out this day ? olive seriously , it 's nothing . they continue to eat . rosemary do not forget you brother 's stay here next weekend . olive why ? he never come home . rosemary they be fumigate the dorm . and thank God for that . last time I be there , I see three cockroach . ginger ( whiny ) Mom , can you please not say that word while I be eat ? rosemary sorry , hon . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- olive like all family , mine have a deep dark secret . and since I be spilling all this dirt , I might as well go ahead and confess it . she take a deep breath . 19 . olive ( cont 'd ) I be trust that this nugget of information be not go to be spread around , but - okay , here it go : my dad 's name be dill and my mother 's name be Rosemary . they be so amused by this that they decide to name all of they child after -- ( feigning discomfort ) -- edible item . ( with mock emotion ) my brother 's name be Sage and my sister 's name be Ginger . it 's shocking , I know . we be like a fuck pantry , we penderghast ! ( snapping back ) but at least my parent do not meet at a ` Star Trek ' convention , bitch ! sorry . now , I be just be mean . okay . back to the story . int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - day as olive walk through school , she be meet with a totally different energy . she no longer blend in . guy be check she out . Girls be glaring at she , scornfully . she 's kind of digging it . olive ( v.o . ) so , while I would never have classified myself as a wallflower , I be now the center of attention and who do not love that ? jeez , if I would know that lose my virginity would create such a new persona for myself , I would have lie about it back in eighth grade . eighth grade suck . I do get my first kiss back then , however . it be gross and kind of turn I off to the whole my - tongue - in - other - people 's - mouth thing . not to mention , the even - worse other - people 's - tongues-in-my -mouth thing . seriously , folk . who invent kissing ? why be everyone so dead - set on stick they body part in other people 's orifice ? if there 's a hole on a person , rest assure , somebody want to stick something of theirs in it . 20 . int . closet in almost complete darkness , a very nervous eighth grade olive ( 13 ) sit with a scared shitless eighth grade kid ( 13 ) . you can hear other pre - teens snicker and whisper outside the door . eighth grade olive so , I think this be the part where you be suppose to stick you tongue in my mouth . it 's just what I have hear . eighth grade kid just give I a second , okay ? olive press a button and she watch illuminate . eighth grade olive accord to my watch , you have 382 of they . eighth grade kid how do you do that ? eighth grade olive what ? eighth grade kid add so fast . and you also talk like a grow up . eighth grade olive do not worry . I be not nearly as smart as I think I be . the kid snicker . he feel a little more at ease . eighth grade olive ( cont 'd ) I think it 's just practice . for when I do grow up . plus , do not sweat it . Girls mature faster than boy . eighth grade kid that 's what they say . eighth grade olive and it 's probably the reason I be ready to do this and you be not . eighth grade kid be it that obvious ? 21 . eighth grade olive painfully so . eighth grade kid so , if we do not do anything , would you tell everybody ? eighth grade olive absolutely . I will tell everyone you pussie out and the whole school will make fun of you and you will most likely spend the rest of you teen year as a joke - no , even worse - a cautionary tale . they both laugh . eighth grade kid the kid who opted not to kiss the girl . eighth grade olive they will tell it for year . it will be a suburban legend . the kid smile warmly and gratefully at she . eighth grade kid thanks , olive . eighth grade olive do not mention it . eighth grade kid no. you do not mention it . she extend she pinky to he . they link pinkie and they swear on it . eighth grade olive we still have five minute and thirty six second . there 's a long silence . eighth grade kid I be really interested in politics . eighth grade olive oh yeah ? eighth grade kid totally . 22 . eighth grade olive well , ... uh .... cool . there 's another long silence . finally , from outside the door -- preteen kid ( o.s. ) ewwwww . Hunter neblett just puke all over the dining room . olive and the kid listen as people scurry from outside the closet . eighth grade kid thank God . eighth grade olive hey , we be in junior High . vomit - view will always trump spit - swapping . the kid start to make he grand escape , but olive stop he . eighth grade olive ( cont 'd ) Real fast - and you can tell I the truth . it 's not because I be -- the kid smile . eighth grade kid no . you be very pretty . he extend he pinky and she link it to hers . he kiss she quickly on the cheek and dart from the closet . olive sit in the closet for a moment , contemplate what just happen , wonder if he be tell the truth , then she open the door . the coast be clear , except for another preteen kid walk past . she aggressively grab he and pull he into the closet with she and , promptly , thrust she tongue into he mouth . they make out . int . olive's bedroom - present day olive seem lose in think . she snap back to reality and the task at hand . 23 . olive if I would know that meerkat Todd be go to turn out so hot , I probably would have cherish the moment more . I suppose just that I be sit here reminisc about it mean that it must have mean something . ( beat . ) yeah , so anyway - kissing 's not really my thing . that 's what I learn in Natalie giblin 's closet . I digress ... int . classroom - day olive half - listen in class , while she English teacher mr . griffin ( early 30' ) , a handsome guy , lecture on ` the scarlet letter .' olive ( v.o . ) so , I be feel like the cat 's ass , because everyone think I have be deflower . I be surprised at how empower I feel by this prevarication . I wonder to myself , would I feel this invigorate if I have actually let some college kid violate I in he cockroach - infest dorm room ? probably not . ( beat . ) ironically , we be study ` the scarlet letter , ' but be not that always the way with this teenage tale ? the literature you read in class always seem to have a strong connection with whatever angsty adolescent drama be be recount . I consider this . ( pause . ) then I think : except for ` huckleberry Finn . ' I do not know any teenage boy who have ever run away with a big , hulk black guy . mr. griffin alright , so thought ? Nina raise she hand . Mr. griffin point to she . nina I think hester prynne be - excuse my language - a whore . 24 . mr. griffin you do not see she as a victim ? nina why should I ? she bring it on herself . Nina whip around and give olive a look , surprising she . olive Excuse I ? nina perhaps you should embroider a red a on you wardrobe ? olive perhaps you should get a wardrobe , you twat ! the class burst into surprised laughter . even Mr. griffin try hard to suppress a congratulatory glance in she direction . olive ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) admittedly , not my best line . but it be provocative enough to land I in the principal 's office . Mr. griffin , begrudgingly , call she to he desk . he start write something on a piece of paper . int . front office - barbara BUSH high school - day olive sit with she arm cross outside of the principal 's office . she clenches a note in she fist . Marianne , who 's a office aid , have a smirk on she face as she watch olive squirm . she slam she fist down on the stapler , repetitively . finally -- marianne seem as if someone 's on a downward spiral . olive seem as if someone 's practice the mundane activity she will be saddle with the rest of she pathetic life . 25 . marianne you have a chip on you shoulder the size of Texas . olive wow , that 's even bigger than you ass . marianne ( coldly ) you be go to hell . olive ( grow weary of this banter ) as long as you will not be there ... marianne oh , I can assure you I will not . neither say anything for a few moment . marianne ( cont 'd ) I hope you at least have the good sense to wear a condom . olive why ? you parent do not . marianne you know , you be just like -- the principal 's door open and Marianne quickly shut up and continue she work . two kide emerge . one , obviously , a bully ; the other , obviously , the bully . the bullied kid be hold a bloodied tissue up to he nose . he and olive exchange meaningful glance . principal gibbon ( 60' ) , a colossal prick disguise as a man , gesture for she to come in . olive get up and enter -- int . principal gibbons' office - continuous he close the door behind they . he hold he hand out and she give he the note that Mr. griffin write . gibbon study it . principal gibbon I do not know you . she thrust she hand out . 26 . olive olive penderghast . he eye she hand , not amused , and she quickly withdraw it . principal gibbon why be we just now meeting ? use language like this should have warrant a visit to I year ago . olive well , to be perfectly honest - I have never use a epithet like this in a educational arena before . sir. principal gibbon this be foul . olive in my defense , I think I mean to say `twit . ' it just come out more - what 's the word I be look for ? veracious . principal gibbon a young lady with such a extensive vocabulary should not be stooping to such vituperation . olive ( smiling ) touché. as serious as a heart attack ... principal gibbon wipe that smile off you face -- ( consult the note ) olive . I do not tolerate this kind of language . ever. consider this you first warning . if I find out you have use a word like this in my school again , I will make sure that it 's you last . I do not operate on a `three strike you be out system ' . you get one warning from I . she start to say something -- principal gibbon ( cont 'd ) think very carefully before you speak . 27 . she relent , but stare he squarely in the eye . olive I always do . be we finish ? he gesture to the door . principal gibbon detention tomorrow after school in room 704 . and , young lady , I do not want to see you again . olive not even in a more positive capacity ? maybe I could win a ribbon or a medal or something . I could conceivably be valedictorian . or something . principal gibbon ( frighteningly serious ) get out of my office now . she quickly run out of he office . ext . barbara BUSH high school - parking lot - day rhiannon , excitedly , approach olive - die to talk to she . rhiannon please tell I the rumor be true . olive yes , I be a big whore . rhiannon not that one . the one where you call Nina howell a cunt and then sock she in the nose . olive it 's not entirely true . ( beat . ) look , there 's something I need to tell you . rhiannon ignore she sincere attempt to confess . rhiannon yeah . like the exact moment you turn into such a bad ass ? I think I be in love with you . ( more ) 28 . rhiannon ( cont 'd ) please tell I you at least leave a mark on that scrunch - up face of hers . pow ! the cunt go down for the count ! olive ( frustrate ) never mind . rhiannon pull she key from she purse and they walk to she car . olive ( cont 'd ) I want a car . rhiannon please . it 's my only perk . trust I . they get into she car . int . dine room - night the scene look the same . olive sit with she family , have family dinner . olive I get send to the principal today . her parent seem more impressed than upset . this be definitely a first . dill what do you do ? olive I use inappropriate language in English class . but we be read a book that I , personally , deem wildly inappropriate for my age group , so I feel that it be actually quite apropos . rosemary ( more curious than angry ) what do you say ? olive look to she little sister and think better of say the word out loud . olive let 's just say it be a inappropriate word . 29 . dill what do it start with ? olive a snide comment from a snotty - ass girl in my class . dill I mean what letter do it start with ? olive oh. yeah . T. rosemary t? that 's a odd one . be this one of that new curse word ? both she parent wheel be go . they be both seek the answer in they head , but be come up with nothing . rosemary ( cont 'd ) be it -- ? she lean over and whisper something in she daughter 's ear . olive I do not even know what that mean . rosemary yeah . neither do i. her parent search they brain , but nothing be come to they . dill okay . noun , adjective or verb ? olive noun . definitely slang . think british , although they pronounce it differently . rosemary well , I be stump . whisper it in my ear . olive I can not . too weird . excite by the prospect -- rosemary oo ! oo ! spell it with you peas ! 30 . olive now , that be a challenge . she begin maneuver she peas around the plate . dill do this have something to do with this rumor you be talk about the other night ? olive touch she index finger to she nose , as she continue to manipulate she food . dill ( cont 'd ) be there something you want to tell we , kiddo ? olive I be spelling it out for you as quickly as I can . ginger ( desperate for attention ) I get a B plus on my spelling test today . too intrigue by olive 's admission to really care -- rosemary good , sweetheart . Rosemary figure it out as olive be assemble the A. rosemary ( cont 'd ) oh , I know what it be ! she lean over and whisper it in dill 's ear . he nod in understanding . ginger ( glancing at olive 's plate ) what 's a twat ? olive quickly scrape the peas into a pile . dill it 's a word that will get you send to the principal 's office . rosemary ( whisper into Ginger 's ear ) it 's not a good word . ( more ) 31 . rosemary ( cont 'd ) ( to olive ) so , what be the principal like ? olive the male equivalent . rosemary of what ? now , it 's dill 's turn to whisper in Rosemary 's ear . she nod in understanding . dill well , it 's the first time since second grade , so I guess we can not be too hard on you . olive ( genuinely curious ) what would my punishment have be otherwise ? dill I dunno . to bed without supper ? olive but I be already finish . except for my helpful and profane peas . dill ( thinking hard ) uhhhh . this ground thing seem to be take the country by storm . no phone , tv or ... or .... olive I will help you out . I do not have anyone to call . I have not watch tv since they cancel ` the illegitimate Children of the Real housewive of laguna Beach ' and I really only watch that as a joke . dill Fine . I would take away you -- olive book ? Computer ? dill yes ! you be computer ! 32 . olive all my homework 's on there . sorry . you lose . but thanks for play . dill ( smiling warmly ) I guess then I be lucky this be not a regular occurrence . olive get up from the table and kiss she dad on the cheek . olive I think we both be . I would not know how to be ground any more than you know how to ground . dill I love you . ( whisper in she ear ) and I be sure that girl be act like exactly what you call she . olive ( whispering back ) you have no idea . she go over and kiss she mom on the cheek , as well . leave the dining room -- olive ( cont 'd ) how 's about I go and punish myself ? mea culpa , meat culpa . she retreat upstairs . ginger how come you guy never get mad at she ? rosemary because , pumpkin , of we three darling child , we love she best . ( erupting into laughter ) just kid ! now eat you dinner . dill chuckle , but Ginger be not amused . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- 33 . olive the next day , thing take a turn for the scandalous . which bring we to part Three : a Lady 's Choice and a gentleman 's agreement . she smile slyly into she camera . int . room 704 - day bore , olive sit at a desk in a classroom , read a tatter copy of ` the scarlet letter . ' she 's dress much racier and be start to look pretty hot . there 's only one other person in the room . the bullied kid see by olive leave gibbon 's office the day before . the bully kid be thin as a rail , pale as a ghost and slightly effeminate . he look miserable . not just by this detention , but from life in general . olive be this detention session often unchaperon ? bullied kid I do not think we pose a flight risk . olive I see . olive laugh to herself . bullied kid what ? olive I be just think it 's kind of funny . we have not really talk since that closet incident back in eighth grade . bullied kid I be afraid you be go to bring that up . olive so , how have you be , brandon ? brandon ( dryly ) I have be fantastic . ( more ) 34 . brandon ( cont 'd ) really , really amazing . do not know if you hear , but accord to my locker , I be a `power bottom . ' olive yikes . brandon yeah , only two day after the custodian have finally get around to scrubbing `turd burglar ' off . which , if you think about it , really contradict the previous label . olive maybe you vandal be marvel at you versatility ? brandon shoot she a `that 's not funny ' look . brandon but , of course , I be in detention . olive why ? brandon because gibbon be a homophobe . ( beat . ) and I call he a facist . olive so , the rumor be true , huh ? brandon ( incredulous ) have you ever meet I ? olive no . I mean about gibbon be a facist . he laugh . olive ( cont 'd ) I kind of guess it that night with the whole kissing thing . the way you run away . I remember think to myself , `this be not the first time this kid 's go to go burst out of the closet . ' 35 . brandon gold star for you , Nancy Drew . there 's a brief silence between they . olive you know , I read this article that say with this whole emo movement , it look like - that in a few year - the gay kid be go to be the most popular one in school . brandon oh good . I will come back when I be twenty seven for my redo . ignoring he cynicism -- olive can you imagine the dance squad full of shirtless guy in tight pants rock out to Britney , while the football player sit on the sideline wishing they be that cool ? brandon that will be the day . ( beat . ) judge from the new look you be sport , I be not the only one in a transformative stage . ` sup with the whore couture ? olive ( proudly ) have not you hear ? I be the new school slut ! brandon as a matter of fact I do hear that . I hear you bang a guy twice you age . olive no way . he 's a freshman in college . brandon also hear he give you crab . olive ewwww . people suck . 36 . brandon tell I about it . olive he 's not real . the guy I sleep with . I make he up . brandon so , you start the rumor ? olive indirectly ? sort of . well , not really . no . no , I do not . brandon but you be perpetuate it . that 's fuck up . olive ( offended ) Excuse I ? brandon it 's true . there 's only one thing worse than this tabloid- chase celebutante with they vapid mind and they immoral soul and that 's the people who want to be like they . olive do I say I want to be like they ? brandon no , you just want everyone else to think you be . olive why do it matter if it 's not who I really be ? no offense , brando , but maybe you could learn something from I . brandon you be say I should pretend to be straight , so people will like I ? what a novel idea . you should do seminar . oh , wait a minute , I forget ... in high school , everybody pretend to be something they 're not ! 37 . olive calm down , adolph . there 's a vein pop out of you neck . I be simply suggest that maybe this kid we call peer have get the right idea . maybe Bridget schumacher be not as hippy - dippy as she pretend to be . maybe that 's just the label she 's put on herself to avoid have to bathe as often as society deem necessary . or take Marianne Bryant . it 's convenient for she to act like a stick - up jesus-freak . ( think about this ) no. I be wrong . I think she 's actually just a stick - up Jesus - freak . but do you think she care that that 's the way she 's perceive ? no. maybe she be just sick of be just another nameless , faceless entity in a place and a time that revere people for extremity ? brandon realize why she 's choose this path and feel for she . brandon there be some of we , though , that want to just blend in to the crowd . olive then maybe you need to go to that extreme . or make the steadfast decision not to care . even better if you can manage to do both . ( beat . ) I have discover a infallible remedy for teen angst : apathy . brandon I can not decide if you be a genius or a lunatic . olive do not they sort of go hand - in-hand ? she smile sinisterly at he . brandon funny . I always think teen angst and apathy go hand in hand . 38 . there be a electricity in the air and it seem as if at any moment , they might fling off they clothes and screw right there . olive how be I do ? brandon what ? pretend to be a whore ? for a virgin , I be impressed . how about I ? could I pass as straight ? olive not bad . for a fag . brandon I prefer the term `turd burglar . ' they both break character and return to be themselves . olive if we really want to shock the world , we would get up and leave detention . brandon but you know that we would never do that . olive be not go to stop I from tell everybody we do . brandon think hard about everything that 's just be say . his brain be go a-mile - a-minute . in that noggin , a idea have be plant . olive , not oblivious to this , return to she novel . int . olive's bedroom - night olive lounge on she bed , flipping through a magazine and talk to rhiannon on the phone . rhiannon ( o.s. ) brandy Carter be tell vanessa hodge that you lose you virginity to three guy in a jacuzzi . 39 . olive well , I guess that 's better than I get crab from a guy twice my age . rhiannon ( o.s. ) ewww . who say that ? olive you know that brandon kid ? rhiannon ( o.s. ) from you seedy pre-pubescent closet romp ? olive the one and only . it 's what somebody tell he . rhiannon ( o.s. ) nobody talk to he . olive be not that sad ? he 's actually quite the conversationalist . rhiannon ( o.s. ) he 's gay . olive since when be straight guy under the age of eighteen able to converse ? a call beep in on the other line . olive ( cont 'd ) shit. hold on . she click over . olive ( cont 'd ) hello ? brandon ( o.s. ) olive ? olive ( singsong ) unfortunately so . brandon it 's brandon . 40 . olive speak of the devil ... brandon ( o.s. ) hey , can I come over ? I want to talk to you about something . olive ( intrigued ) okay . yeah . sure . brandon ( o.s. ) okay . see you soon . olive click over to rhiannon . olive dude , that be brandon . he want to talk to I about something . rhiannon ( o.s. ) probably want to borrow a outfit . olive that 's so mean . rhiannon ( o.s. ) any word from George ? olive rhi , I tell you . it be a one night stand . which be now a do night stand . rhiannon ( o.s. ) you be be awfully cavalier about this . I mean , he pop you cherry . be not you suppose to be eternally in love with he and shit ? olive if I be a character on a CW show , then , absolutely , I would be blubber all over my Teen vogue . hey , we should start a rumor that I be have a pregnancy scare ! olive be stoke by she idea . 41 . int . foyer - penderghast home - night Rosemary open the door to see brandon . she have no idea who he be . brandon hi . be there a olive here ? rosemary ( feigning confusion ) there 's a whole jar of they in the fridge . brandon sorry , I must have get the address wrong . rosemary just kid ! come on in . brandon walk in and Rosemary shout -- rosemary ( cont 'd ) olive , sweetie , there 's a young man here to see you . he say something about ask for you hand in marriage . brandon 's eye bulge and olive descend the staircase . olive oh happy day , mama ! I think I be go to have to spend my dowry on booze and pill to numb the loneliness . olive grab brandon by the hand and lead he upstairs to -- int . olive's bedroom - continuous she close the door behind they . olive my mom 's a acquire taste . I know this because I have only just recently begin to appreciate she myself . she gesture for he to sit down . olive ( cont 'd ) welcome to my boudoir ! this be where the magic happen . 42 . brandon ( blurting out ) do you wanna go out with I ? she look at he , strangely . brandon ( cont 'd ) I mean , like -- do you want to be my girlfriend ? olive brandon , just a few hour ago , you tell I you be kinsey six gay . brandon true . but you say I should pretend to be straight . olive well , I do not mean with I . you be a sweet guy and all , but you be not really my type . brandon you be not really my type either . olive I should say not . brandon okay . well , do you wanna have sex with I ? olive you be serious . he nervously nod . olive ( cont 'd ) oh my God , dude . you totally miss my point . all I be say be that -- brandon no , I know what you be say . I should play it straight until I get out of this hell and then I can be whoever I want to be . no , I get that . olive brandon , I do not really have sex with a college guy . I just tell people I do . ( more ) 43. olive ( cont 'd ) ( consider this ) well , actually , I just tell one person and - well - you know how this thing work . brandon so , you be say I should not really have sex . I should just say I have sex with someone . a girl . olive now , you be cooking with gas . it 's he turn to smile slyly at she . she see where he 's go with this and instantly get defensive . olive ( cont 'd ) oh no . oh no no no no no no no no . no. really . no. no way . no. no . brandon think about it . we could help each other out . you want to maintain this floozy facade . I want to not get my face pummelle weekly . olive you be on crack . brandon all it would take be one good imaginary fuck and you would be save the bone structure of my face . think of how happy my parent would be ! olive this be not the answer . why do not you just do what I do and make someone up ? brandon who would believe I ? ( growing increasingly desperate ) listen , olive , I do not want to do this . I want to live in that not - too-distant emo world , but I still have another year of this bullshit place and I can not do it . I just can not do it . ( beat . ) ( more ) 44 . brandon ( cont 'd ) I will pay you . I can pay you whatever you want . olive ( gently ) I just do not think it would work . brandon whore be not discern , olive . and just think - you will officially be a hooker with a heart of gold ! olive I do not want you money . brandon I insist . olive so , if I say yes , you be go to tell a couple of people at school and I just have to go with it ? I really do not think it will work . brandon ( his voice crack with emotion ) I can make it work . I promise . she see tear form in he eye . she walk away from he and be silent for a long few moment . olive I do not do anything half - ass . ( spin around to face he ) it will have to be a public event . Melanie bostic be have a party tomorrow night . all of you tormentor will be there . you and I be go together . you have to do everything I say and you have to tell people that I be sensational . brandon wipe he tear away and be the happiest gay you have ever see . he throw he arm around she and will not let go . brandon I can not believe you be do this . olive afterwards , it 's up to you . you be commit to something . ( more ) 45 . olive ( cont 'd ) just make sure you be ready to live with the consequence . it seem as if that last statement be more for herself than it be for he . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- olive I be sure you all remember the party ... int . bostic house - night a teen party rage . drunk kide abound . olive , look like a million - fuckin' - buck , prance into the party with brandon , who 's look pretty snazzy himself . they appear drunk and be fall all over each other . people stare in complete amazement at a. ) they appearance and bear ) that they be even together in the first place . you would never guess that this be anything less than a a-list teen couple , rip from the page of Teen people . olive fall against brandon laugh . he hoist she up , as they host , melanie bostic ( 17 ) , a fairly pretty girl , approach . melanie hey olive ! ( weird out ) hi brandon . olive ohmigod , melly . I hope you do not mind , but we have a few pre-cocktail party cocktail ... ( disoriented ) Party . cocktail . melanie well , glad you could make it . olive ( whisper and slurring in she ear ) soooo , here 's the thing . ( more ) 46 . olive ( cont 'd ) brandon be in the middle of tell I this funny thing . be there a quiet room we can go to where he can finish tell I -- ( hiccup ) -- about he thing ? that 's funny ? she stare glassy - eye at Melanie . brandon just smile . melanie sure . you can use the guest room . down the hall . olive I love you . I love you so much . you be -- just , yeah . she give she a drunken punch on the shoulder . she spin around to the entire party , who be look at they with complete interest . olive ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ; to all ) hey everybody ! they raise a glass to they and brandon and olive stumble down the hallway , laugh . melanie ( shock ; mouthing to a guest ) what the fuck ?! the bully who emerge from gibbon 's office with brandon , go up to Melanie . bully be that olive with brandon ? melanie I know ! right ? they , with a big group , race down the hall where brandon and olive have just retreat to . int . guest room - night olive lock the door and drop the drunk act . she 's completely sober and so be brandon . 47 . olive ( whispering ) draw the shade . brandon run over and pull the blind down . they giggle , conspiratorially . olive plop down on the bed and stretch out . brandon lay beside she . she moan for the benefit of the audience she know have assemble outside . she moan again and it 's very convincing . she lean over and whisper in he ear -- olive ( cont 'd ) grunt . make it really convincing . and manly . he do so . she extend she palm , impressed . he slap it with he . int . hallway - continuous sure enough , it seem as if most of the party be listen at the door - fall all over each other to hear . nearest to the door be the bully , who be pleasantly surprised by the noise inside . int . guest room - continuous olive reach into she handbag and pull out she copy of ` the scarlet letter ' and read it while she make sex noise . brandon laugh at this and olive smack he with it , prompt he to stop . she put she finger over she lip , give he the ` shhhh ' sign . she continue to read as she thrust she hip , make the bed squeak ever so slightly . brandon ( whispering ) how long do we have to do this ? olive ( whispering ) depend . do you wanna be a normal adolescent boy or do you wanna be a stud ? he moan in he deep voice . she continue to read , crescendo she moan like a pro . 48 . olive ( cont 'd ) oh God , brandon . do not stop . do not stop . do not stop , do not stop , do not stop . she take the top of the headboard and lightly tap it against the wall , over and over . olive ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) now that I think about it , we probably do not want to do this for too long . it will give the impression that you be have difficulty finish . that 's not the desire effect . brandon ( whispering ) be you sure you be a virgin ? olive ( whispering sternly ) of course I be ! ( loudly ) oh , fuck I ! fuck I ! do not stop fuck I ! brandon suppress a laugh . int . guest room - moment later olive be dishevel herself . brandon muss up he hair . olive hold on . she unbutton brandon 's shirt and rebutton it incorrectly . olive ( cont 'd ) go forth , my son . you be a man now . brandon thanks olive . he kiss she on the cheek and she smile . int . hallway - continuous the whole crowd , lean against the wall , quickly disperse when the door open . 49 . the bully immediately hand brandon a beer and throw he arm around he , lead he drunkenly down the hallway , with a crew of guy after the dirty detail . olive look at this and smile , satisfied . then she realize that , though the guy have go , there be a whole slew of girl look at she completely differently . they avoid she eye contact , as one would ward off Medusa . olive find Melanie pretend not to be interested in she . olive be there a -- ? melanie back entrance be through the kitchen . olive thanks . she begin she walk of shame down the corridor into the -- int . kitchen -- where she run smack - dab into the well - develop chest of meerkat todd . meerkat todd ( politely ) sorry . they make eye contact . olive be a sick shade of regret . meerkat todd ( cont 'd ) oh , hey olive . olive hi Todd . obviously oblivious to the demonstration that just occur -- meerkat todd how 's it go ? olive i'm -- ( she do not know how she be ) I be here . meerkat todd can I get you a beer ? 50 . olive that rhyme . olive catch the reflection behind she of a group of guy lean against the counter , signal ` no , don't do it ' to he behind she back . she spin around and they instantly pretend to not be pay attention . she glare at they . olive ( cont 'd ) ( ashame of herself ) I should probably go . she rush off . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- olive it be truly my Cindy mancini moment . ( melodramatically reenacting ) ` you ! even Bobby think we go out . great , huh ? ha ! all of you think we be a couple . what a joke !... Ronald Miller pay I 1,000 buck to pretend I like he . what a deal , huh ? $ 1,000 to go out with he for a month . this guy . oh , God . he buy I . and he buy all of you . he be sick and tired of be a nobody . yeah , and he say that all of you guy would worship he if we go out . and I do not believe that . I be , like , no way ! and he be right ! no , leave I alone . he be right . we little plan work , do not it , Ronald ? the dance . that stupid dance ! what a bunch of follower you guy be . I mean , at least I get ... at least I get pay . ' ( sincerely ; as herself ) ` can not buy I Love ' be one of the best movie ever make . hand down . you guy should totally watch it if you have not already . or even if you have . seriously fine filmmake . 51 . int . olive's bedroom - day olive lay on she bed watch the scene from ` can not buy I Love ' that she just perform . she eat a candy bar and wallow in she self - pity . olive ( to the television ) oh , Cindy mancini . it could have be a lot worse . trust I . her mom come in with a nicely - wrap gift . rosemary that kid from the other night just drop this off for you . indicating a empty space on the floor -- olive put it on the pile of gift from my other suitor . rosemary he seem like a nice boy ... Gay ... olive a dyed - in- the-wool homosexual that boy be . Rosemary put the gift on the floor . rosemary I date a homosexual in high school . olive we be not dating , Mom . rosemary I just want to tell you that if you want to date a gay boy , it might be hard on you father and I , at first . but we love you no matter what the sexual orientation of you opposite - sex partner . Rosemary leave , chuckle at she own joke . too curious , olive open the gift . she withdraw a photo of the bully hold brandon' legs while he do a keg stand . she smile , pleasantly . she pull out a pink vibrator and look at it quizically . 52 . there 's a envelope inside . she open it and pull out a $ 200 gift Card to target . olive ( v.o. ) Cindy mancini get $ 1,000 . I get a vibrator and a $ 200 gift Card to target . there 's a note , which she read aloud to herself . olive ( cont 'd ) dear olive , the dildo be just in case you do not shop at target . then you can fuck yourself . olive break out into riotous laughter . she 's genuinely touch by this gift . the phone ring . think it 's brandon , olive snatch it up . olive ( cont 'd ) ( excitedly ) you package be perfection ! rhiannon ( o.s. ) so , it 's true ! olive rhi ? rhiannon ( o.s. ) well , it 's not last night 's conquest ! olive you know , I always think it 's so ridiculous on tv , when someone pick up the phone and magically seem to know who 's go to be on the other end . I usually preface a conversation with `hello ' to avoid such banality . the one time I decide to step outside this convention ... how be you ? int . mall - day rhiannon , clutching a enormous diet Coke , plod through the mall with a intensity reserve for girl who just find out they best friend have she sophomore sexual exploit and do not bother to tell they . 53. rhiannon I have many question , obviously . we intercut between the two location : olive ( playfully ) yes , Virginia , there be a Santa Claus . no , in fact , I do not know the way to San Jose . and - little know fact - contrary to popular belief , panama hat be not from Panama at all ! they be from ecuador ! who know ? rhiannon now be not the time to be cute . olive you be put I in a precarious position , because -- ( with she best Jackie - o voice ) -- vaccord to last month 's cosmopolitan Magazine , we should always look cute . even when we be do mundane activity such as choose vegetable from the produce section of we local grocery store . ' rhiannon olive , stop it . this be serious . do you really bang brandon last night at Melanie dipshit 's party ? olive sigh as she slump into she pillow . olive be that what people be say happen ? rhiannon that 's what everyone be say . olive then I guess it 's true . rhiannon do this mean you guy be dating ? olive God no . 54 . rhiannon scream in frustration , attract the attention of pass shopper . rhiannon just because you lose you virginity do not mean you can go around screwing everybody ! olive ( off - put ) uh , thanks mom. good talk . rhiannon you be get a reputation . olive y'know , you be really come off as a little pious right now and you be kind of pissing I off . rhiannon please forgive my rectitude , but I think that a best friend 's duty be to let she know that everyone - and I do mean everyone - be call she a cum dumpster . olive well , do you think I be a cum dumpster ? rhiannon look , baby , I call a spade a spade . enter the red zone -- olive first off , that 's racist . secondly , fuck you ! how dare you ? I be Laura ingall to you Lady chatterly and , now all of a sudden , you feel the need to warn I that i'm make a fool of myself ? there be a lot of child who will never again experience family pizza night because of you . so , why do not you jump off you high horse and splash around in the gutter where you belong . rhiannon I do not want to believe it , but I guess it 's true . you be a fucktart . 55 . olive and you be a jealous virgin . rhiannon oh yeah . I totally want to lose my virginity to one of -- ( as if it be a disease ) -- you brother 's friend and then be the first for a fairy , while everyone listen outside ! what be wrong with you ? do sex mean anything to you ? olive yes ! it 's a period of time , how ever short , that I do not have to talk to you ! she slam the phone down into the cradle and seethes . Berlin 's ` sex ( I be a... ) ' play loudly as ... she go into she closet and start , wildly , pull down clothes . she throw they into a big pile in the middle of she floor . int . olive's bedroom - present day into she webcam -- olive rhiannon abernathy only wish that somebody want to pretend to sleep with she ! back to : int . olive's bedroom - continuous olive - visibly upset - be cut something , meticulously , out of red fabric . in fact , she have yard of red fabric drape across she lap . when she finish the shape , she toss it behind she and begin another one . int . olive's bedroom - later olive sew this red scrap to she clothes . when she finish one piece , as before , she toss it behind she and grab another item from the crumpled wardrobe on she floor . 56 . time fly and we see the clothing pile rapidly decrease , until there be none leave . the song morph into -- Tommy James and the shondell 's ` crimson &amp ; clover ' as we fade into -- int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - day clad in sunglass , fuck - me-boot and look like a bona fide porn star , olive strut down the hall of she school . sewn across she larger and push up breast be a fiery red ` a ' ( note : for the rest of the film , every piece of olive 's clothing will be emblazon with a red a . ) erection be pop up all along the hall , as well as look of total disbelief from the girl . she work it like a Debbie who just do Dallas , düsseldorf , Des Moines , daytona , Detroit and Darfur . up ahead , rhiannon be yakking with a semi-attractive guy name anson ( 17 ) . she catch sight of olive and she jaw drop . olive sidle up to anson , much to rhiannon 's chagrin . olive hey , anson . anson ( nervous ) hi. olive ( breathy and aping Marilyn monroe ) I just realize the funniest thing . my name be a anagram for `I love ... ' anson ( stuttering ) what 's a anagram ? olive look it up , big boy . she rub she knee , seductively , along he inner thigh , turn and lick she lip at a repulse rhiannon and continue on she way . 57 . int . cafeteria - lunch line - later anything sexually suggestive you can do with school cafeteria food , olive do as she make she way through the lunch line , as guy ogle she . Marianne , also present in the line , watch she in repugnance . int . gymnasium - day olive emerge from the girl ' locker room , dress for gym class . a terrified fat kid name evan nervously approach she . evan hey olive . olive hi Evan . evan can I talk to you for a second ? he gesture for she to follow he underneath the bleacher . she reluctantly do so . evan ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) do not get mad , but brandon tell I what you do for he . olive well , rest assure , it be equally as thrill for I . evan no , he tell I the truth . she 's piss . she silently seethes . evan ( cont 'd ) and I be just hope that maybe you could do the same for I ? olive ( through clench tooth ) walk away , Evan . Evan start to talk , but she raise she hand to silence he . olive ( cont 'd ) run away , Evan . 58 . evan I can pay you , too . olive I be about six second away from slapping you so hard that you unborn grandchild will feel it . evan ( excite at the prospect ) can you do it in front of everyone ? olive turn and start to leave . Evan summon up he courage and meekly state to she back . evan ( cont 'd ) I do not need you permission , you know . she turn around and give he a look of death . he can not look at she . evan ( cont 'd ) I mean , at the rate you be go , I be just say I do not think anyone would not believe it . olive be you threaten I ? evan I will give you $ 500 . olive you be repugnant . evan ( indicating he body ) that 's the problem . and once again olive feel too sorry for he to say no . olive I want five hundred dollar in gift certificate form deposit in my locker before noon tomorrow . preferably ` the gap , ' but I will also take amazon.com . we do not have sex . I be piss -ass drunk and I let you fondle my chest and it be a glorious moment for you , unmatch by anything you have heretofore experience , include cake . get it ? 59 . evan five hundred buck for just feel you up ? do not that seem a little steep to you ? can you throw in some ( mispronouncing it ; as if it rhyme with `cottage ' ) frottage ? olive ( correcting he ) it 's fraw - tahzh , dumbass . ( buckling ) Fine . but it be so good , you last only twelve second and I better not find out that little pecker of yours ever come out of you pants . take it or leave it . evan Little pecker ? nuh-uh . for five hundred dollar , it be ungodly huge . you even comment on the unusual girth for a guy my age . olive I be too drunk to remember . evan Three minute . olive two . he extend he hand . evan deal . she , repulse by it , shake he hand . Evan 's ecstatic . olive the sad thing be , Evan , if you have be a gentleman and ask I out on a date , I probably would have say yes . evan really ? do you want to go on a date ? with zero vitriol -- 60 . olive not now , I do not . sad for he , she walk away . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- olive Evan , if you be watch this - shame on you . I hope you never treat another girl the way you treat I or you will die alone , wishing it be because you be fat . and since we be play the shame game ... while I appreciate the sentiment , Lewis , a pretend hand job should have warrant a little more than a hundred dollar worth of amc Movie pass . they have a expiration date and be only able to be use for movie that have be run for two week . but even that 's better than Tyler jenning , who give I a ten percent off coupon to bath and body Works . seriously . a fuck coupon . be that how good my imaginary blow job be to you ? huh ? be chivalry dead ? I want John cusack hold a boombox outside my window . I want Richard gere climb up my fire escape with the limo wait downstairs . I want to ride off on a lawnmower with Patrick Dempsey . although , I be ashamed to admit I would prefer he to look like he look now . what woman would not ? but no . I get to save two fifty on a bottle of juniper Breeze Hand lotion . maybe chivalry be not dead , but it 's in a coma and the prognosis be not good . ( beat . ) so , if you be still with I - and I be guess that most of you be - I now present to you part four : how I , olive penderghast , go from assume trollop to a actual Home - wrecker . 61 . int . classroom - day Mr. griffin be alone grade papers . olive poke she head in . olive you want to see I ? mr. griffin yeah , olive . come cop a squat . she take a seat opposite he desk . he point to the red " a " on she chest . mr. griffin ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? olive accessorize ? mr. griffin olive , olive , olive . do you think that maybe you be read a little too much into this assignment ? olive well , I be really hope to get a A. ( she point to she chest ) get it ? get it ? mr. griffin I be hearing thing . she take a deep breath . olive the rumor be true . I be , in fact , consider become a existentialist . mr. griffin you know what I be talk about . olive geez , since when do teacher become privy to idle , adolescent gossip ? mr. griffin I guess it would not matter so much if I do not like you . you be a great girl and I happen to think that all of ( more ) 62 . mr. griffin ( cont 'd ) ( indicating she outfit ) `this ' be just a act . I be just curious why you be do it . olive drop she defense and get real . olive have you ever decide just to play along ? because it 's maybe easier than fight tooth - and - nail to defend it ? mr. griffin I just do not want to see this ( he search for the word ) damage you . olive you know , I think you should give I extra credit for go the extra mile . I be really attempt to understand this puritanical ostracism . Mr. griffin smile at she . mr. griffin hey , I be really sorry I have to send you to the principal . if you tell anybody , I will deny it , but I really want to cheer with the rest of the class . olive ( smiling ; innocently ) you know I will not tell . she get up and leave , but pass in the doorway , a beautiful woman . olive ( cont 'd ) ( to the woman ) hey Mrs. griffin . pretend to know who she be -- mrs . griffin hi ! how be you ? olive ( point to the `a ' ) a be for awesome . olive disappear into the empty hall . 63. mrs . griffin I have never see that girl before in my life . mr. griffin that do not surprise I . mrs . griffin I be the guidance counselor . I should know all of the student . especially the one dress like that . he kiss she . mr. griffin she 's just go through a phase . ( he get a idea ) hey , do you think you could talk to she ? maybe you could get she to -- I dunno - mrs . griffin sure . yeah , whatever . oh wait ! that 's not the girl that everyone 's talk about , be it ? mr. griffin ` fraid so . mrs . griffin oh , this will be good . that snotty office aid have be bitching about she incessantly . mr. griffin it 's all lie . talk to she . maybe that 's all she need . mrs . griffin what be you make for dinner tonight ? mr. griffin be it my turn ? mrs . griffin sure be . I be meeting up with the girl at happy hour . mr. griffin do not have too much fun . 64 . mrs . griffin I never do . he kiss she . int . classroom - day assemble in a semi-circle , a handful of well-dressed christian kide open they meeting of the cross you heart club with prayer . Marianne , of course , lead they in this ritual . Nina be also present . marianne heavenly Father , watch over we with you all - encompass love . keep we on the path toward you righteousness and eternal salvation . they all smile , say ` amen ' and open they eye . marianne ( cont 'd ) guy . we have a problem . nina amen to that . marianne olive penderghast . we need to pray for she , but we also need to get rid of she . I be sure , by now , you have all hear about what happen at Melanie bostic 's party . christian kid # 1 I be there . I hear the whole thing . Marianne eye he , suspiciously . marianne that 's not something you need to advertise , kurt . kurt ( sheepishly ) sorry . marianne see , herein lie the problem : she 's do this tasteless , immoral act in plain view of the entire student body . ( more ) 65 . marianne ( cont 'd ) she 's in direct opposition to everything we be try to do for this school , which be make it a wholesome learn environment and a place where we child will one day flourish the way that we be . ( beat . ) she be send to the principal 's office last week -- nina ( interrupting ) she call I a really hurtful name . marianne -- and I try to witness to she , but she 's defiant to any sort of help . she tear up . marianne ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do , but something 's get to be do . her boyfriend , micah ( 17 ) take she hand and hold it . she lean against he shoulder , wiping away tear . Nina , on the other side of she , begin rub she shoulder , sympathetically . marianne ( cont 'd ) do anybody here think that they can talk to she in a way that might get she to see that what she 's do be wrong ? she suddenly burst into sob . ( and this be not crocodile tear . she be flood with emotion . ) marianne ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . this be so stupid . micah no , it 's not , Marianne . she wipe she tear away . marianne Jesus tell we to love everyone . even the whore and the homosexual , but it 's so hard . ( more ) 66 . marianne ( cont 'd ) it 's so hard , because they just keep do `it ' over and over again . she take micah and Nina 's hand , the rest of the group follow suit . marianne ( cont 'd ) make I a promise . make GOD a promise right here and now that we will remain pure and chaste until marriage . ( look to micah ) until we love be prove holy in his eye . all we promise . marianne let 's continue to pray for olive penderghast . that either she see that what she 's do be a sin and change she behavior or that she get the hell out of we school . they all squeeze hand and Marianne manage a smile . marianne ( cont 'd ) awww , I love you guy . God love you guy . ext . parking lot - barbara BUSH high - day Marianne give micah a strictly pg - rate kiss against he car . they be nauseatingly wholesome . int . front office - next day olive be sit in the office , dress just as slutty as the day before . a red " a " sewn onto she top . Marianne be behind the desk , sharpen pencil . after each one , she observe the point with a scary satisfaction . they exchange a few hateful glance at each other . Mrs. griffin poke she head out of she office . mrs . griffin hey olive . wanna come in ? 67 . olive , in no mood for this , drag herself up dramatically and follow Mrs. griffin into -- int . guidance office - continuous Mrs. griffin sit behind she desk and olive sit opposite she . mrs . griffin so , the reason I call you down here be just so that we could - sort of , y'know - chat about what 's go on . ( beat . ) there 's be some concern from faculty member . olive ( correcting her ) you husband . Mrs. griffin shift uncomfortably in she chair . there 's something a little unnerve about this kid 's awareness . mrs . griffin olive , you be attempt to make a statement . we get that . I be just confuse as to what exactly it be . olive be I in trouble ? I promise the hem of my dress be not higher than my fingertip . mrs . griffin you be not in trouble , olive . I just want you to know that if there be something you maybe need to talk about , that you could trust I . olive if I open up to you , do you promise this stay in confidence ? mrs . griffin yes . olive ( confessional ) I watch ` american idol . ' do not tell anyone . 68 . Mrs. griffin roll she eye . olive ( cont 'd ) I have a reputation to uphold . mrs . griffin do not you , though ? olive assess this statement from she . olive we do ? if I can think of any angsty thing to report , you will be the first to know . she wink at she . olive ( cont 'd ) this have be so much fun that I be actually - at this very moment - consider meth addiction , just so I can come back and we can jaw some more . mrs . griffin ( bitingly ) or you could always get pregnant ? olive I be probably closer than either of we think ... Mrs. griffin dig in she purse and pull out a handful of condom . feign excitement -- olive ( cont 'd ) propho-tastic ! mrs . griffin please do not tell anyone I give you this . the school board be -- olive puritanical and oppressive ? mrs . griffin Conservative . olive see that Mrs. griffin be genuinely concerned . olive I do not need that . 69 . mrs . griffin ( sternly ) but you do . olive start to confess , but then just take the rubber and put they in she own purse . olive thank you . mrs . griffin remember : we little secret . and , hey , would you send in the next person ? Mrs. griffin smile at olive as she leave . int . front office - barbara BUSH high school - continuous Marianne be talk to micah , who seem distress . he rub he eye , like he 's be cry . olive be surprised to see he there . olive you be up , hoss . marianne ( concerned ; to micah ) it 's go to be okay . she give he a reassure smile and he walk into she office . olive ( to marianne ) let I guess : drug . Marianne give she a `go away ' look . olive ( cont 'd ) I do not know Christians believe in guidance counsellor . ( beat . ) ooo ! ooo ! be you boyfriend struggle with he sexuality ? Marianne begin cry . marianne no , you insensitive rhyme - with - witch ! his parent be go through a ( more ) 70 . marianne ( cont 'd ) ( whispered ) divorce ! she begin sobbing uncontrollably . olive , not sure what to do , go around the counter and hug she . Marianne just cry on she shoulder . olive it 's okay , Marianne . ( not sure what to say ) sometimes we boyfriend 's parent get divorced . it 's just important to know that it 's not you fault . marianne ( through she tear ) they go to we church ! imagine what people will say ! olive do not expect this embrace to last this long . olive I have to go now . be you go to be okay ? into olive 's shoulder -- marianne Mrs. griffin be go to fix everything . she 's amazing . I know that she 's go to help micah through this time and everything 's go to be okay . olive yeah . everything 's go to be okay . Marianne pull away and wipe tear from she eye . marianne why be you be so nice to I ? olive be not that what we be suppose to do ? hey , it 's you boss 's rule . this triggers even more wail from Marianne , who grab olive and squeeze she tightly . marianne I be sorry , okay ? I be sorry for everything I say . ( more ) 71 . marianne ( cont 'd ) I want to be friend . please . please be my friend . olive be really confuse by this display and be about to say something snide , but think better of it and reply with a very heartfelt -- olive absolutely . Marianne pull away again and manage to smile at she , warmly . olive ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and for a day , we be actually really good friend . I be really start to think that thing be go to turn around . int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - day Marianne , angry as hell , stomp through the hall with hatred burn in she eye and coursing through she vein . olive ( v.o. ) but then I unwittingly give she boyfriend a venerial disease ... Marianne stop in front of olive and slap she so hard that people in the hallway stop , dead in they track . it 's the slap hear `round the school . int . guidance office - day olive burst into Mrs. griffin 's office . tear-streaked , Mrs. griffin be pack she thing into a cardboard box . it 's as if she world have just collapse . olive ( v.o. ) ... and cause the break - up of Mr. and Mrs. griffin ... mrs . griffin ( snapping ) what ?! what do you want ? olive start to say something , but Mrs. griffin can not even look at she . mrs . griffin ( cont 'd ) just go ! 72 . she throw a frame photo of she and Mr. griffin into the box . it shatter . Mrs. griffin fall apart . olive start to say something again , but she do not know what to say , so she sheepishly turn to leave . ext . barbara BUSH high school - day the Cross you heart Club be assemble outside of the school , with a lot of other kid ( and some parent ) , wave sign on wooden stake that say thing like : expel olive ! exodus 20:14 school be for learning , not for whoring olive penderghast be a whore rhi be among they , as rile up as any . olive ( v.o. ) so , I guess I should not be too shocked that this people want my disease , home - wreck ass out of there . the scene be a maelstrom of anger and piety . int . olive's bedroom - present day olive laugh . olive the funny thing be : the whole time this shit be go down - people call I something I know be not true , my best friend include - I could not help but think how I could have come up with better sign . no one even bother to use alliteration or , God forbid , irony - not even a single acronym - and that seem a lot more unforgivable than my sin . 73. int . cathedral - day olive enter a Catholic Church . it 's empty , but there be a few candle burn . she see the confessional booth and make a beeline toward it . she take a deep breath and enter . int . confessional booth - continuous she sit down and begin to talk to the screen . olive forgive I , father , for I have sin . I think that 's how you be suppose to start this thing . I be only go on what I have see in the movie . then , I think I be suppose to tell you how long it 's be since my last confession , but that 's kind of my first confession . I be not Catholic . I really do not know what I be suppose to do , except sit here in this booth and tell you what I have do wrong . where do I even start ? ( beat . ) I have be pretend to be a -- how would one phrase it in Catholic word ? a harlot . it 's not like I have actually be do the thing that people be say I be do , but - then again - I be not deny they , so I have just be wonder : be that wrong ? there 's a lot of shi -- `crap ' go down at my school which may or may not be indirectly because of this masquerade . ( beat . ) I be lie . I may have cause the end of a marriage . I think , in my own perverse way , that I could help it . I mean , in my defense , I be merely a adolescent . I should never have be proposition in the way I be proposition by a adult . but then again , I should never have consent . it be just that a lot of people have be ask I to do thing and I think it be okay , because it be not real . ( more ) 74 . olive ( cont 'd ) it be make - believe and no one be get hurt . but a lot of people hate I now . I kind of hate I , too . there 's a long silence . olive tear up and wipe they away . olive ( cont 'd ) I could be wrong , but be not you suppose to say something or ask I question . tell I to say ` hail mary ' ? hello ? she look through the screen . there 's no one there . olive ( cont 'd ) oh , come on ! she throw the curtain to the booth open and stomp out . ext . cathedral parking lot - day olive , upset at herself , get into she car and drive off . but just a few block down the street to -- ext . presbyterian church parking lot - continuous she park she car and get out to try a different denomination . int . church office - moment later olive enter to find a sweet , portly receptionist ( 50' ) search through RELIGIOUS clip - art on she computer , attempt to find the perfect image for the church newsletter . the lady smile , acknowledge olive . olive hi . I be wonder if the minister be around . receptionist pastor mcgreevey be on vacation this week . but we associate pastor be in . would you like to speak to he ? for she own entertainment , olive match the receptionist 's enthusiasm level . 75 . olive actually , that would be fantastic ! receptionist can I tell he what this be regard ? olive absolutely . I be look for a church to join and I think he might be able to sell I on this fine establishment . the receptionist joyfully snatch up the phone . receptionist Don , there 's a young lady here who would like to speak with you about join . she listen and then hang up . receptionist ( cont 'd ) ( point to a office ) you can go right in . olive if everyone here be as friendly as you , I think we might be in business . she wink at the receptionist and enter -- int . associate pastor' office - continuous associate pastor don ( 40' ) be a gangly , unattractive - borderline creepy - man . he invite olive to have a seat . associate pastor don hello there , young lady . my name be don. he extend he hand , which she shake politely . associate pastor don ( cont 'd ) how can I help you today ? olive I be new to the area . look for a church - hopefully something with a strong fellowship , a firm foot in the soil of ... ( more ) 76 . olive ( cont 'd ) divinity and be wonder what you church 's stance on lie and adultery be ? Don seem take aback by the question . associate pastor don well . it 's not a good thing . olive oh , I agree . wholeheartedly . but tell I : assume there be a hell -- associate pastor don ma'am , the presbyterian Church recognize the existence of hell . olive right . okay . let 's say hell exist . which be worse - lie or adultery ? or be lie about adultery like a double whammy ? associate pastor don I be sorry , mar 'am , I -- what do you say you name be ? at that moment , olive look at he desk and see a framed family photo . smiling big be associate pastor Don , he wife , a woman with a smile the size of montana and he lovely daughter -- marianne bryant . she jump up from she chair and recoil at the sight of the picture and the stupid mistake she make by come there . olive you know what . I think I be just go to go and check out Judaism . back up toward the door . olive ( cont 'd ) the Jews and I have a lot in common . fashion -wise . and stuff . so , thank you for you time . she bolt from he office . int . olive's bedroom - present day olive speak into she webcam -- 77 . olive yes . I have unwittingly seek advice from the father of the leader of my lynch mob . who else can say that 's happen to they ? ( beat . ) as much as I want to say I hate Marianne . I do not . I get she . well , I get certain thing about she . she 's passionate . like myself . she always think she 's right . like myself . and , yeah , I can kind of understand why she slap I that day . here 's what happen ... int . barbara BUSH high school - parking lot - day Marianne , excitedly , run over to olive who be just get to school and throw she arm around she . olive ( v.o. ) remember how I say that we be bff for , like , a day . well , that 's true . it be like we be sister all of a sudden . Marianne can not seem to break the embrace and olive just go with it . int . classroom - day olive sit in class . Marianne pass a note back to she . olive ( v.o. ) she write I a note in first period . olive read it . it say : hey girlie ! you wanna hang out after school today ? kiss ! Marianne Marianne look back and olive give she the thumb up . across the room , rhi see this exchange and sneer . int . chemistry lab - later Marianne be work with she partner , Evan . she turn to olive behind they and make a gag signal behind he back and laugh silently . 78 . olive ( v.o. ) by second period , it be like we have private joke . olive , unaware of how to respond , give another thumb up . int . home ec classroom - later olive see Marianne come into class , tear-streaked . she run over to olive and again throw she arm around she . olive ( v.o. ) tragedy strike in third period . marianne micah 's in the hospital . he 's in so much pain ! the nurse do not know what be wrong . olive just hold she new friend , as she have the day before . olive he will be okay . marianne ( tear glisten in she eye ) really ? olive guide Marianne 's head back to she shoulder . int . hospital room - day Marianne 's boyfriend , micah , writhes in pain on a hospital bed , clutching he crotch . his worried mother ( 40' ) be beside he , clutching she chest with one hand and try to soothe he with the other . micah it hurt so bad . a doctor enter , with a satisfied smile and a diagnosis . doctor chlamydia . micah and he mother both look up in shock . his mother take both of she hand and begin slapping he , uncontrollably . 79 . micah' mother how do you get chlamydia ? who have you be sleep with ? tell I ! tell I ! micah , in pain from the burn sensation and he mother 's hand fly at astonish speed shout out : micah olive ! olive penderghast ! his mother 's face fill with satisfaction . int . hospital lobby - moment later micah 's mother be on she cell phone . micah' mother ( angrily ) olive penderghast . she fold she phone up and slip it into she purse . int . kitchen - continuous the woman on the other end of the phone -- a woman with a smile the size of montana -- who we have see in the Bryant family photo , hang up . only this time , she smile be a disgust grimace . she pick up the phone and dial a number . she be , animatedly , talk to the person on the other end of the line , while olive narrate . olive ( v.o. ) fourth period be when Marianne have office duty . her duty include type , stapling , filing and -- int . front office - day Marianne be on the phone , listen , with mouth agape . undoubtedly , she 's just hear from she mother that she boyfriend have chlamydia . olive ( v.o. ) -- answer the phone . marianne chlamydia !! 80 . she scream so loud that Mrs. griffin come out of she office , a panicked expression on she face . int . kitchen - continuous seethe , Marianne 's mother say into the phone -- a woman with a smile the size of montana olive penderghast . she hear a slam and then a dial tone . int . front office - continuous Marianne clutches the phone in the cradle with enough force that it look like the receiver will shatter in she hand . Mrs. griffin look worried . mrs . griffin be you okay , hon ? like a teapot about to start expel steam , Marianne quiver in rage . finally , at boil point , she shout -- marianne that -- but she long string of profanity be muffle by the long ringing of the school bell . Mrs. griffin be take aback by Marianne 's umbrage . as we see before -- int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - day Marianne , angry as hell , stomp through the hall with hatred burn in she eye and coursing through she vein . olive ( v.o. ) okay , I exaggerated . we be just bff for , like , a half - a- day . Marianne stop in front of olive and slap she so hard that people in the hallway stop , dead in they track . olive ( cont 'd ) ( clutch she face ) mutherfucker ! 81 . rhi , who be load book in she locker , see this and happily slam she locker shut . breeze past she -- rhiannon my sentiment exactly ... olive ( snidely ) oh , grow up ! but rhi keep on walk . ext . hospital parking lot - day micah 's on he cell phone , anxiously talk to someone - check every few second to see if he mom be on she way out . micah ( into the cell phone ) I do not know what to say ! I panicked ! I say I get it from olive penderghast . ( pause . ) I know , but what be I suppose to say ?! and then my mom call she mom . ( pause . ) no , not olive 's . Marianne 's ! ( pause . ) I already try to blame it on they divorce , but my mom 's not buy it . I have to tell they . ( pause . ) okay . but I love you . I do not care if you give I chlamydia . I love you and I want to be with you and no one can stop we . not my mother , not Marianne , not -- there 's a dial tone . int . guidance office - continuous Mrs. griffin have just hang up on she teenage lover and begin freaking out . she grab a cardboard box and begin throw item into it . olive burst into Mrs. griffin 's office and see Mrs. griffin pack she thing . as we see before -- 82. mrs . griffin ( snapping ) what ?! what do you want ? olive start to say something , but Mrs. griffin can not even look at she . mrs . griffin ( cont 'd ) just go ! she throw a frame photo of she and Mr. griffin into the box . it shatter . Mrs. griffin fall apart . olive start to say something again , but she do not know what to say , so she sheepishly turn to leave -- -- and then feel awkward . olive I be sorry , I be just look for Marianne . do she say something about be mad at I ? she just smack the shi -- `crap ' out of I . this make Mrs. griffin cry even harder . she attempt to pull herself together . mrs . griffin it 's my fault . I be so sorry , olive . olive look at she , quizzically . mrs . griffin ( cont 'd ) ( sotto voce ) I fuck up . I fuck fuck up so fuck bad . I be a fuck .... fuck . olive do not get I wrong . I love it , but I do not think you be suppose to use that word around a student . mrs . griffin yeah , well , you be not to suppose to fuck they , either . but it do not stop I . olive put two and two together in she head . she gasp a little louder than she plan . 83. olive you and -- oh my God . I be not judge you or anything , but oh my god. ( switching gear ) wait . what do that have to do with I ? Mrs. griffin walk over and lock she office door . she fight back more tear , as she try to explain to olive . olive ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my guidance counselor , who have only day before armed I with a latex bulletproof vest , tell I that she have chlamydia and that she have be screwing around with she office aide 's boyfriend under the guise of divorce counseling . she confide in I that she and she husband - my favorite teacher - be have marital problem , that they have not sleep together in month . she assure I that she have never mean for anything to happen with micah . she confess to I how when she be a child she always dreamt of be Maria von trapp , not Mary Kay letorneau . micah have panicked and use I as a scapegoat - to save she job and she marriage . she assure I that she would make sure everyone know the truth and apologize . Mrs. griffin stop talk and wait for olive to speak . olive ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and I buy it . olive give she a reassure smile , step up to the plate and offer up a solution . olive ( cont 'd ) I could have chlamydia . and I could easily have give it to micah . that time we sleep together . who know ? often time woman do not have symptom and I have be whore around .... mrs . griffin no you have not . 84 . olive look at she , puzzle by she knowledge . mrs . griffin ( cont 'd ) ( looking away ) because a real whore can not admit it to herself , let alone other . she begin to weep . olive put she hand on Mrs. griffin 's shoulder . olive call micah . tell he I say he 's a asshole and that he owe I so big for this and also the time I pretend not to see he during a third grade game of hide and seek . tell he I still remember that . but tell he that I confess to give he chlamydia . Mrs. griffin grab olive and cry on she . olive ( cont 'd ) and it 's not really my place to say this , but I figure after the conversation we just have , I can speak candidly . you husband be hot and while the male adolescent can fuck like a bunny ... who really want to fuck a bunny ? if I be you , I would go home and seduce he and pretend this never happen . olive stroke she guidance counselor 's hair . mrs . griffin ( sniveling ) do you want some more condom ? olive ( maternally ) no , you keep they . she stroke she hair . int . olive's bedroom - present day into the webcam -- olive so , really how could I be angry at Marianne ? ( more ) 85 . olive ( cont 'd ) dude , if some bimbo give my boyfriend a std , I would have swing , but I would have ball my fist . ( whimsically ) my boyfriend . ( she get lose in the thought ) with all the mythical play I be get , it 's a wonder - and probably a miracle - that I still have not actually be ask out on a real date . guy be clamoring to claim that they would sleep with I , but no one be put the real move on I . until finally ... ext . playground - year before two little 5 year old girl ( olive and rhiannon ) chase a little boy all over the playground , desperate to kiss he . they plot and plan to corner he , but he 's just too fast . olive ( v.o. ) it be really rhiannon who have a crush on he . she have since we be kid . rhiannon finally catch he and kiss he on the cheek . repulsed , he wipe he face . rhiannon and olive high five each other . int . cafeteria - day olive eat she lunch and yuk it up with a table full of guy . rhiannon sit at a different table , mostly comprise of girl , and glare at she from across the room . the bell ring and the student begin get up and make they way toward the exit . anson ( who we see earlier with rhiannon in the hallway ) approach olive . anson hey olive . olive smile sweetly at he . 86 . anson ( cont 'd ) I be wonder if you be busy tonight . maybe wanna go out or something ? olive ( suspicious ) what do you have in mind ? anson I dunno . I be think about charter a hot air balloon , take along a bottle of champagne and fresh fruit and then try to impress you with a overzealous read of Emily dickinson . olive ( coyly ) why , anson , be you invite I to accompany you to a romantic dinner at the Red lobster ? anson unequivocally . olive ( impressed ) Nice . yeah . I will have dinner with you . olive walk off int . red lobster - night olive and anson sit in a booth at a dimly - light red lobster . olive look beautiful . the `a ' on she shirt be sequine . olive I can not believe you bring I to the nicest restaurant in town . this be swank . I be beginning to think that there be no such thing as class . anson yeah . what 's better than get to select you dinner and have nice conversation while they boil it alive in the back ? 87 . olive I think anson Jr. do not mind make the sacrifice . you do not mind that I name he anson Jr. , do you ? anson not at all . I be actually kind of honore . olive do you believe this whole thing about lobster be a aphrodisiac ? anson ( lying out he ass ) I do not know it be . olive y'know , medical science have not substantiate claim that any particular food increase sexual desire or performance . it 's so funny when guy ply woman with food that they think be gonna get they laid . I mean , what 's really sexy about slurping back oyster ? you know , native people believe that you gain the strength of the animal by consume it . some people grind up rhinoceros horn , because it 's think to stiffen the male sex organ . it 's all bullshit . and spanish fly ? it 's pulverize beetle that people eat ! although , it 's illegal for human consumption in the United States and do you know why ? because if you take just a bit too much , it cause painful urination , fever and bloody discharge . a server appear with they lobster . anson be a odd shade of green from olive 's little science lesson . olive ( cont 'd ) yum ! the server leave they and olive dig in . anson be feel nauseous and can not touch he . from across the restaurant , a parade of server enter from the back , enthusiastically clap and hold a cupcake . 88. lead the brigade be meerkat Todd , who 's wear a red foam lobster hat . with as much spirit , as he have as a meerkat -- meerkat todd I do not know but I have be tell ! parade of server I do not know but I have be tell ! he lead they through to another part of the restaurant . olive ( to anson ) I do not know meerkat Todd work here ! and he 's a lobster ! I wonder if I should start call he lobster Todd . meerkat todd marguerite be get old ! parade of server marguerite be get old ! they land at the table of the birthday girl . olive crane she neck to see -- rhiannon , miserable of course , sit with she parent at a table in the next room . olive immediately become uneasy . olive shit ! meerkat todd the best thing be she dessert be free ! parade of server the best thing be she dessert be free ! meerkat todd the worst thing be I sing off - key ! parade of server the worst thing be I sing off - key ! olive be visibly squirming in she seat . meerkat todd sound off ! 89 . parade of server happy ! meerkat todd sound off ! parade of server birthday ! meerkat todd sound off ! parade of server happy birthday to you ! the whole place applaud , unenthusiastically . anson see olive 's discomfort . anson what 's wrong ? olive rhiannon 's over there . anson so ? olive so ? she 's be in love with you since the first grade . anson so ? olive well , she 's my best friend . anson I think you two be not speak . olive we be not , but it do not mean I should be out with you . anson then why be you ? olive I do not know . you ask I out ? anson exactly . I have no interest in she . I mean , we be friend , but -- 90 . olive she can not see we . anson ( disappointed ) do you want I to get the check ? olive ( touched ) would you mind ? he gesture for the server who appear . anson could we get we check ? server ( confuse ) be everything okay ? olive I just remember I be allergic to shellfish . I always forget that my respiratory system would collapse and I would die . it suck I know . even more confuse , the server oblige and give they they check . olive ( cont 'd ) ( digging in she purse ) let I get it . I have a gift certificate . she pull it out and hand it to the waitress , who leave . anson but I ask you out . olive and I ruin it , so let I bear the financial brunt . ( beat . ) I be so sorry about this . but she really like you . anson she and I just do not have much in common . olive and you and I do ? 91 . anson I think so . for instance , I , too think Nina howell 's a twat . olive yeah , well , if that 's we magical connection , I should date the entire school . anson have not you ? olive suddenly become self - conscious and a little bit piss . anson ( cont 'd ) kidding ! olive yeah , about that -- the server reappear with the check . server you have a remain balance of fourteen dollar and thirty six cent . olive keep it . tip. the sever smile and leave they again . anson let 's get out of here . they duck out of the booth try to keep they head down , but olive can not resist the urge to look up and see if rhiannon see they . she do . olive and rhiannon make eye contact . whereas , olive look remorseful , rhiannon look like she 's just be stab in the back -- which she have . the abernathys see she , as well , and wave . it 's painfully obvious to olive that rhi have not tell she parent about they difference . she start to go over , but rhiannon 's face be turn vermillion in anger . olive just wave , sheepishly and leave with anson . 92 . I /e. anson be car - red lobster parking lot - moment later olive 's face be paint with guilt . she feel like shit , but do not want to externalize it . anson put he hand on she knee . anson I have something for you . olive manage a smile . he reach into he pocket and pull out a $ 500 gift certificate to anthropologie and hand it to she . olive be disappointed , but try not to show it . olive oh. I do not realize -- snap out of she guilt . olive ( cont 'd ) okay . so , what do we " do " on this date ? anson whatever $ 500 get I . he lean over and kiss she . she push he off . olive wait . this be not how it work . I do not actually -- but he 's kissing she again , a little too forcibly . she push he off again . olive ( cont 'd ) you do not get it . I be not technically have sex with people for money . you know that , right ? besides , even if I be , we be in the parking lot of a Red lobster . anson we can go wherever you want , but I think it would be kind of hot here . he take off he shirt . olive dude , I gotta go . it 's be -- sad . 93. she get out of the car . he roll down the window . anson olive , you be be stupid . I will take you home . olive no thanks . he drive off , leave she outside in the parking lot . olive ( cont 'd ) fuck . as luck would have it , meerkat Todd , be come out the back exit . he see she and give she a surprised , toothy grin . meerkat todd hey olive ! olive hey Todd . meerkat todd what be you do here ? olive oh , I be just hang out in the parking lot . I do that sometimes . not necessarily just here . the one outside of applebee 's be fun , too . meerkat todd ( laugh at she oddness ) you want a ride somewhere ? olive Nah . I be fine . meerkat todd you friend rhi be inside . it 's she Mom 's birthday . tear begin to glisten in olive 's eye . olive she 's not my friend anymore . Todd walk over and put he arm around she and lead she to he car . he open the door for she and she sit down . 94 . I /e. meerkat todd be car - night olive be try to pull herself together but she can not stop cry as Todd drive she home . Todd do not know what to say to she . finally -- meerkat todd you wanna talk about it ? olive what 's to say ? I be a horrible person . everyone think I be a whore and , for the first time , I be start to believe it . meerkat todd huh ? olive oh , do not act like you do not know what people be say about I . meerkat todd I know what people be say . do not mean I believe they . olive why not ? meerkat todd olive , contrary to popular belief , I be not a idiot . I know exactly what 's go on and I know exactly what you be do . she stop cry . olive who tell you ? meerkat todd no one have to tell I . all I know be once upon a time , there be a scared little kid in a closet at a party who be not ready for he first kiss and there be this amazing little girl who lie for he . she smile through she tear . olive you remember that ? 95 . meerkat todd yeah and after I run out , you pull brandon in . yeah , I know about that , by the way . olive and look how he turn out . meerkat todd sometimes I still pretend you be my first kiss . olive ( laughing ) yeah ? who be ? meerkat todd you friend . rhiannon . olive 's laughter turn to rage . olive what !? meerkat todd yeah . about a year later . it suck . olive ( blurt it out ) she know how I feel about you ! meerkat todd how do you feel about I ? olive ( ignoring he ) she do it first ! and here I be feel soooo bad and that bitch ! meerkat todd wait . how do you feel about I ? olive ( aggressively defensive ) felt ! I say felt ! meerkat todd ( disappointed ) oh. he stop the car . they be at she house . 96 . olive ( off he look ) I mean , it 's not that I do not still feel that way . there 's a awkward moment between they . meerkat todd olive . if I promise not to tell anyone , could I kiss you ? despite the fact that this be positively the most romantic moment of she young life , olive look down . olive no . not tonight . I do not want you to kiss I when mascara 's run down my cheek or some shithead have force he tongue down my throat only a half - hour ago . I have want to kiss you since the eighth grade , but I want it to be perfect . and right now , my life 's a mess . I need to get it under control before I drag you into it . meerkat todd what if I tell you I want to be drag into it ? maybe I could help . he hold out he hand and she take it . olive now I have a reason to fix this catastrophe I have bring upon myself . and I be go to . meerkat todd okay . he smile he goofy grin and she embrace he . she hop out of the car and go to she front door . int . olive's bedroom - present day into she webcam -- olive you see , now I have a reason for thing to go back to the way that they be . ( more ) 97 . olive ( cont 'd ) the truth need to be tell and I know I have to go the one person who could help I . the one person I could count on to set the story straight . brandon . I would help he and , even though it would destroy he new reputation for be a stud , I know he would help I . int . hall of barbara BUSH high school - day fill the frame , a gossipy girl in brace say -- gossipy girl oh my God , do you hear that brandon run away from home ? yeah . totally . he leave he parent a note that say : ` eff you , I be gay . ' and then he skip town with a big , hulk black guy . we spin around to see olive 's stunne reaction . olive ( to herself ) my apology to Mark twain . gossipy girl huh ? the reality of the situation begin to weigh on she . olive nothing . defeat , olive make she way through the crowded hall . olive ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it get worse . due to he `condition , ' micah be send on a extend visit to he grandparent in Mississippi . int . stuffy old house in MISSISSIPPI - day micah , beyond miserable , sit between he stern grandpparent , who read the Bible to he . 98 . olive ( v.o. ) no telephone , no television , no computer , no internet and - most importantly - no disease sexual partner . micah settles in for a very long visit . int . under the bleacher - gym - day where they have previously meet , olive plead with Evan . olive ( v.o. ) I go to everyone I would help and begge they to say it be not true . evan no way . I give you money . olive please , Evan . he walk off , leave she alone . int . guidance office - day olive wait for Mrs. griffin 's response . there 's a long moment of contemplation on Mrs. griffin 's part . then -- mrs . griffin olive , life be full of choice . I make a bad one . but then , so do you . we both act unwisely , but I do not see any other alternative than to live with the guilt . my guilt stem from my indiscretion , yours for lie . we have make we choice . now , we have to ride they out . olive ( piss as hell ) or I could just tell everyone the truth . mrs . griffin Fine , olive . let 's play the `who do you believe ' game . but , first , ask yourself , if you be a adult , who would you believe ? 99 . olive with all due respect , Mrs. griffin , you be a fuck cunt . mrs . griffin because you help I once , I be not go to report that to principal gibbon . now , we be even . they be lock in a mexican standoff . mrs . griffin ( cont 'd ) you can go now . furious , olive throw the door open and exit . int . mr. griffin' classroom - day Mr. griffin be erase the blackboard , when olive storm into the room . olive you wife have chlamydia and she 's be sleep with a student and she give it to he and now she 's try to blame I . shock , Mr. griffin drop the eraser . mr. griffin what ? the gravity of what she 's just do sink in and she stumble . olive I -- I be sorry . I -- not know what to say , she run from he classroom . int . olive's bedroom - present day olive be mirthless , as she proceed with she story . olive look back , that 's the thing I regret the most . that 's the thing that send I to the church , er , church . and that 's the thing that make I realize how profoundly I would fuck up . ( more ) 100 . olive ( cont 'd ) and that 's something I will have to live with for the rest of my life . with my word , even though they be true , I end a marriage . no kid should have to be burden with that . she contemplate this . int . classroom - day as we see before , olive sit and play ` connect four ' with Mr. griffin , at he desk . both be look beat down and very depressed and they mind be on everything but the game . Mr. griffin put he hand on olive 's . mr. griffin it 's not you fault . olive get a tear in she eye . she put a red chip in at the top and lose the game . she reach over and press the lever , cause all of the chip to fall on he desk . CUT to : the jenga set -up there 's a ridiculously tall tower of block and they all fall down . CUT to : he rake the chip and the game into he own cardboard box , full of he thing . he smile and she hug he -- intensely , tear quickly welling up in she eye . olive I be so sorry . mr. griffin no . it 's not you fault . they just hold each other . finally , Mr. griffin pull away and take he thing and start to leave . but then he turn and say -- 101 . mr. griffin ( cont 'd ) I hope that you and Todd end up okay . olive I too . where be you go ? mr. griffin not sure yet . away from she . olive can I come ? they share one last , pain smile and he leave . int . olive's bedroom - present day hearfelt , into the webcam -- olive Mr. griffin , if you ever see this , just know - I be wrong to tell you that . in that way . at all . I do not know . I should not have do it . I do not feel bad for lie for you wife . but I hate myself for tell you the truth . I be so sorry . she wipe away a tear , pull herself together . olive ( cont 'd ) part five : not with a whimper but with a bang . ext . barbara BUSH high school - day as we see before -- the Cross you heart Club be assemble outside of the school , with a lot of other kid ( and some parent ) , wave sign on wooden stake that say thing like : expel olive ! exodus 20:14 school be for learning , not for whoring olive penderghast be a whore rhi be among they , as rile up as any . 102 . olive step out of the school to see the demonstration . she jaw drop . olive oh fuck I . thing have get way too out of hand . int . olive's bedroom - night olive cry on she bed , clutching she teddy bear . Rosemary listen , as a good mother do . olive so , now everyone who know the truth be either go or will not fess up . the Cross you leg Club be demand my head . and the mess up thing be that I would not put it past gibbon to expel I . rosemary I have a similar situation when I be you age . olive ( in disbelief ) everyone call you a whore ? rosemary yes . I have a horrible reputation and people say awful thing about I . but it be true . I be a slut . olive give she a suspicious look . olive I be wait for you to say ( imitating she mother ) ` just kid ! ' rosemary ( earnestly ) no , it 's true . I sleep with a whole bunch of people . olive Mom ! rosemary well ! it be a different time . 103 . olive ewwww ! rosemary I do . I get around . before I meet you father , I be a garden variety floozy . olive why be you tell I this ? rosemary because I endure a similar lynching because of a certain dalliance . olive I promise that it be no worse than Marianne Bryant 's attack on I . rosemary wanna bet ? it be she mother . olive wait , what ? rosemary yep. Don Bryant and I get catch in a very compromise position in the locker room during a basketball game . olive that 's disgusting ! he 's disgusting ! rosemary he be not back then . he be actually pretty handsome . all I be say be that maybe the reason that Bryant girl be go after you be because she mother tell she about I . olive so , the sin of the mother be revisite on the daughter . rosemary there 's something else you should know . this be hard to say but -- Don Bryant be you father . Marianne be you sister . 104 . olive turn white . rosemary ( cont 'd ) kidding !! well , about the sister thing , but not about the Don thing . that happen . actually that happen a couple of time before we get catch . olive punch she mother on the arm , who 's laugh hysterically . olive I hate you so much right now . can not you see I be a mess ! rosemary no , you be not , olive . you be wonderful . and you be go to handle this the same way that I do . with a incontrovertible sense of humor . they embrace and olive get a idea . olive thanks for the pep talk , Mom . now get out . I need to make some phone call . Rosemary look slightly concerned by the grin on olive 's face . int . gym - day we join a pep rally , already in progress . the dance team attempt to rile up the school with a rouse rendition of Michael Jackson 's ` bad . ' in the stand , rhi sit with Marianne and Nina . marianne so , olive be not at school today . she extend she palm to Nina and rhi , who both slap they . Marianne put she arm around rhi. marianne ( cont 'd ) I be so glad you be with we now . rhiannon I too . you guy fuck rock . 105 . marianne we do not say that word , rhiannon . nina ( helpfully ) just say veff ' instead . we effing rock . Marianne nod in agreement , however rhi be confuse . rhiannon but be not that just imply the same word ? marianne oh , rhiannon . we have so much to teach you . it 's okay to imply thing . rhiannon look at she new best friend , who just smile at she . the song end and there 's a drum roll . rhiannon yay ! it 's time for meerkat Todd . ( sexually ) I just want to rip that costume off he and -- Marianne put she hand firmly on rhi 's knee . marianne why do not you just not talk for a while , okay hon ? rhi put she head down . the drum roll end and meerkat Todd bounce out in costume . he jump around enthuse the student body -- but then he go out of the gym and reenter push a dumpster . the familiar chord of the James bond theme ` nobody do it better ' play from the band . meerkat Todd open the lid of the dumpster and olive , dress in a glittery and slinky red dress , with a boa drape around she bare shoulder , pop up and croon with a handheld mic and slightly different lyric : 106 . olive nobody do it better . make I feel sad for the rest . nobody do it half as good as I . baby , I be the best . Todd lift olive out of the dumpster and she sing she ass off - and she 's quite good . olive ( cont 'd ) I be not lookin , ' but somehow they find I . I try to hide from you love light . but like heaven above I the guy who love I be keepin ' all my secret safe tonight . she wink at the audience . the guy begin to wolf whistle and howl at she sheer brilliance . she begin to rub she hand seductively over meerkat Todd 's furry costume , eventually unzipping it and take off the head to reveal : blue devil todd ! the crowd go wild . olive ( cont 'd ) and nobody do it better though sometimes I wish someone could . nobody do it quite the way I do . why would I have to be so good ? she saunter over to rhi and kiss she on the cheek , leave a big , red lip mark . olive ( cont 'd ) the way that they hold I whenever they hold I there 's some kind of magic inside you . that keep I from runnin ' , but just keep it comin ' ! how would you learn to do the thing you do ? she see that gibbon be not amused , but that do not stop she . olive ( cont 'd ) oh , and nobody do it better . make I feel sad for the rest . ( more ) 107 . olive ( cont 'd ) nobody do it half as good as I . baby , baby ! darlin ' , I be the best ! she walk over to a couple of horn player , and run she finger seductively over they ( uh ) instrument . the crowd go wild - some appal , but most enthuse . olive sashays through the crowd as the male teens scream and stuff money down she bodice . olive ( cont 'd ) baby you be the best ! darlin ' , you be the best ! baby , you be the best ! the song end and olive take Blue Devil Todd 's hand . olive ( cont 'd ) ( to the student body ) this be just a free preview . for the main event log on to www.freeolivep.com tonight at 6 p.m . now , I know this conflict with tonight 's basketball game , but c'mon would you rather be here cheer on the meerkat ( look at Todd , lasciviously ) or watch I do one . there be audible gasp , but excitement nonetheless . gibbon angrily storm over and take the microphone . principal gibbon ( through gritt tooth ) Young lady , to my office . now . olive yeah , I can not . I be gonna go bang my boyfriend while the whole school watch . but good luck with the game - thing . go meerkat . she plod out , triumphantly . int . olive's bedroom - dusk the sun be set as olive speak into she webcam . but this time , we be not see it through the lens , but from a different point in the room . 108 . olive and here you all be . wait outside the closet door for I to kiss Todd , listen to I pretend to have sex with brandon , pay I to lie for you , call probably the last virgin in school a whore . guy . seriously . all of a sudden -- from outside and downstairs -- James ' ` laid ' begin to play . olive go over to the window and see Todd below , hold up a boombox ( a la John cusack ) and there 's a ride - on lawn mower ( a la Patrick Dempsey ) behind he . upon see this , she burst into laughter , but it could not be more romantic . olive ( cont 'd ) ( shout down ) who tell you that I love this song ? meerkat todd ( shout up ) I guess . olive I see you have be watch my live webcast . it 's still go on , you know . meerkat todd fuck they . they have have enough of you . well , figuratively speak . I borrow my neighbor 's John deere . come down here . olive that rhyme . meerkat todd intentionally . olive be right down . olive can not get the smile off of she face as she go back to the camera . we see she through the lens . 109 . olive ( cont 'd ) that 's Todd . not that I owe any of you any more confession , but I be really in love with he . and I be go to lose my virginity to he . I be not sure when . it could happen five minute from now or tonight or six month from now or maybe on we wedding night , but the really amazing thing be that it 's nobody 's business . ( as a afterthought ) like , totally . she turn the camera off . ext . the penderghast house - moment later olive run out of the house and tackle he , kissing he - in the front yard , in broad daylight , for the world to see . fade out . over the end credit ... ext . gym - night the basketball game be go on to a almost empty gymnasium . montage we see , from the perspective of they computer screen , various reaction to olive 's webcast -- -- a proud brandon watch from a hotel room . a muscular black guy in a towel come up behind he and kiss he neck . -- the abernathys watch with the same dement glee they derive from watch anything . -- Mrs. griffin watch with the face of a person who 's be find out and who 's day be numbered . they be . 110 . -- rhi seem contemplative . maybe it 's because she 's be in love with olive since grade school . duh . -- Evan , the fat kid , be do jump jack while watch . -- Melanie bostic ( the host of the party ) watch with a group of girl . melanie ( satisfied ) told you guy . pay up . -- Marianne feel regret . but a little bit impressed . -- Mr. griffin be proud of she . -- micah watch in he dark bedroom . micah' grandmother ( o.s. ) micah ? what be you do in there ? ( sternly ) you have better not be on the sin- ternet . -- Rosemary and dill be too busy make out to watch . -- anson have a jar of vaseline and be ready to jerk off , but be upset that she be not vexpose herself ' in the aforementioned way . anson ( to himself ) I think she be go to take she clothes off . ext . the penderghast house - hour later olive and Todd be still kissing on the lawn underneath the star . fade out .