ed wood by Scott Alexander &amp ; Larry karaszewski directed by Tim burton first draft November 20 , 1992 fade in : int . haunted mansion parlor - night we move through a spooky shroud parlor , as a storm rage outside . thunder roar , and lightning flash in the giant window . in the center of the room lie a oak coffin . suddenly the lid start to creak open . a hand crawl past the edge ... and then the lid slam up ! fame psychic criswell pop out . criswell , 40 , peer at we intently , he gleam eye frame under he strike pale blonde hair . he intone , with absolute conviction : criswell greeting , my friend . you be interested in the unknown , the mysterious , the unexplainable ... that be why you be here . so now , for the first time , we be bring you the full story of what happen ... ( extremely serious ) we be give you all the evidence , base only on the secret testimony of the miserable soul who survive this terrifying ordeal . the incident , the place , my friend , we can not keep this a secret any longer . can you heart stand the shocking fact of the true story of Edward D. Wood , junior ?? ext . night sky lightn crack . we drift down past the dark cloud ... through the torrential rain ... and end up ... optical : ext . hollywood - night we have land in Hollywood , 1952 . we be outside a teeny , grungy playhouse . the crack marquee proclaim " ' the casual company , ' written and direct by edward D. wood , JR . " pace nervously in the rain be ed wood , 30 , we hero . larger - than-life charismatic , confident , errol Flynn -style handsome , Ed be a human magnet . he 's a classically flaw optimist : sweet and well - intentioned , yet doom by he demon within . the door open , and Ed 's pal JOHN " bunny " breckinridge , 45 , hurry out . Bunny be a wealthy , theatrical fop wear a string of pearl . [ page 2 missing ] suddenly the rest of the cast run up , frantically upset . in a flow white dress be dolore fuller , 23 , a sharp , hungry - for-a- career ingenue . she 's near tear . dolore Eddie , my dove just fly out the window ! crew member she go on in two minute ! what be we gonna do ?? they all look to Ed , await a response . he think a second , then excitedly clap he hand . ed dolore , give I you shoe . dolore what ? ed the ghost can be barefoot . give I you shoe ! she hand Ed she white shoe . he snatch one , grab a pair of scissors , and start cutting up the shoe . everyone be baffle . he keep cut the shoe ... and it slowly take on the shape of a dove ! Ed then grab some pipe cleaner , work they into a shape , and sprint into the dress room . he take some green eye shadow and excitedly smear it on the pipe cleaner . Ed then hurry back out , jam the green pipe cleaner into the cut - up shoe ... and it look like a dove with a olive branch in its mouth ! the cast be flabbergasted . crew member wow . back onstage the soldier suddenly look up . actor # 1 hey , I think I see something ! dolore float down onto the stage , hold out the dove . dolore I offer you mortal the bird of peace , so that you may change you way and end all this destruction . CUT to : int . scruffy coffee shop - later that night Ed and he gang celebrate open night in a dirty 24 - hour diner . they be noisily slugging down drink , in a big red booth . ed what a show ! everyone be terrific ! Paul , you second - act monologue actually give I chill , he grin at actor # 1 , aka paul marco , a young eager beaver who 's loyal like a dog . paul marco aw thanks , Eddie . actor # 2 , aka conrad brooks , a friendly , simple - minded lug , run up wave a newspaper . conrad I get the early edition ! it be just drop off at the newsstand . ed ( he smile at everyone ) this be the big moment ...! Ed open the paper to the entertainment page . insert - the newspaper . Ed turn to a column , " the theatrical life , by Victor crowley . " under this be a photograph of a old man with a ascot . wide everybody excitedly crowd around and start read . a moment ... and then they face drop . clearly , this be a disastrous review . they face get sadder , and sadder ... and then they finish . a melancholy beat , until -- bunny what do that old queen know ? he be not even there ! ( he knock back a drink ) send a copy boy to do he dirty work . well fuck he ! dolore do I really have a face like a horse ? paul marco what do " ostentatious " mean ? Ed calmly wave he arm for attention . he try to smile . ed hey . hey , it 's not that bad . you just can not concentrate on the negative . he 's get some nice thing to say ... ( he scan the review ) see , " the soldier costume be very realistic . " that 's positive ! everyone kind of stare at they drink , depressed . Ed launch into a upbeat speech . ed Hell , I have see a lot worse review . I have see one where they do not even like the costume ! like , that last " Francis the mule " picture -- it get terrible notice . but it be a huge hit . paul marco line around the block . ed so do not take it too seriously . we be all doin ' great work . conrad you really think so ? ed absolutely ! it 's just the beginning . I promise this : if we stick together , one day I will make every single one of you famous . he smile at everyone at the table . they all believe what he say , and there be a hushed moment of dream - fill hope . CUT to : int . dolore ' apartment - late night Ed and dolore lie in bed , in the dark . he stare vulnerably at she . ed honey , what if I be wrong ? what if I just do not have it ? dolore Ed , it be only one review . ed Orson Welles be 26 when he make " citizen kane . " I be already 30 ! dolore Ed , you be still young . this be the part of you life when you be suppose to be struggle . ed I know ... but sometimes I get scared this be as good as it 's gonna get ... dolore kiss Ed affectionately . dolore thing will change for we . nobody stay on the fringe forever . she get out of bed . we see she tiny apartment be drab and crumble . dolore turn on the shower , then walk to the closet . she look inside . dolore God , where 's my pink sweater ? I can never find my clothes anymore ... angle - ed he roll over in bed , away from she . CUT to : int . studio warehouse - day cu on Ed read " the Hollywood reporter . " a rude boss in suspender suddenly stride up . rude boss hey big shot , get off you ass . they need a pot palm over in the Carl laemmle Building . ed sure thing , Mr. kravitz . Ed jump up . we widen , revealing he 's in a giant greenhouse , pack with row of pot plant and shrub . Ed grab a small palm tree and hurry out . ext . movie studio - day Ed stroll across the busy movie lot , lug the palm . he pass a soundstage and notice the stage door open a crack . Ed glance around , then put down the palm and hurry in . int . soundstage ó same time a big -budget foreign legion movie be shoot , with a huge cast and crew . a giant desert set have be erect , with camel and real sand dune . Ed be blow away . ed whoa , look at all this sand . this be real sand ! my God , where would they get all this sand ?! a security guard see he . security guard hey , you . this be a close set . Ed be catch . he hurry out . ext . movie studio ó day Ed continue across the lot , carry he palm tree . a old crusty man stick he head out a office window . old crusty man hey , Eddie ! come in here . I get some great new stuff to show you . Ed put down the plant again and run in . int . editing room ó day the old guy be proudly show Ed stock footage on a moviola . the footage be totally random : giant explosion , buffalos stampede , tank , a octopus swim , etc . Ed be dazzle . ed this be fantastic ! what be you gonna do with it all ? old crusty man eh , probably file it away and never see it again . ed it 's such a waste . if I have half a chance , I could make a entire movie out of this stock footage ! ( get inspire ) see , the story open with this mysterious explosion . nobody know what 's cause they , but it 's upsetting all the buffalo . so the military be call in to solve the mystery . old crusty man ya forget the octopus . ed no , I be save that for the big underwater climax ! the old guy cackle . ext . movie studio - day Ed finally carry the tree into the laemmle Building . int . studio office - same time Young secretary in June cleaver hairdos be giggle . secretary # 1 they say he be a girl trap in a man 's body . secretary # 2 I will bet it hurt when they snipped he thing off . eewww ! all the girl shriek in horror . Ed walk in and put down he plant . ed what be you lady gabbin ' about ? secretary # 1 you know that christine jorgensen freak ? he / she / it 's in " variety . " some producer be make a biopic . ed ( startle ) r-really ? I do not see the story . secretary # 1 ah , it be bury in the back . the guy 's a real smallótime operator . she hold up she " variety . " Ed hurriedly take it . CUT to : insert - variety the story headline say " boyótoóchick flick to click . " we pull out , revealing we be now in int . ed' apartment - day Ed hold the newspaper while he pace around he apartment . the place have threadbare carpet , fade wallpaper , and a electric burner for a kitchen . a handful of mangy dog run around . tack - up be movie poster for " dracula , " " freak , " and " the magnificent amberson . " dolore talk on the phone , while Ed silently coaches she . dolore ( on phone ) yes , I have get Mr. Edward Wood on the line . could you please hold ? Ed give she a thumb up -- perfect ! he confidently take the phone . ed ( on phone ) hello , Mr. Weiss ? I hear about you new project and be curious if you sign a director . oh -- you have not ? well , if we could get together , I could explain why I be more qualified to direct this than anyone else in town . ( beat ) uh , I would rather not go into it over the phone ... alright . great ! l will see you then ! Ed hang up and yelp excitedly . he kiss dolore . she pull away . dolore Eddie , I do not understand . why be you the most qualified director for the christine jorgensen Story ? ed ( nervous , he lie ) aw , er , it 's just a bunch of hot air . I have to say something to get in the door . CUT to : int . low -rent hallway - day Ed walk jauntily along , wear a snappy suit . he reach a door that say " screen classic ó George Weiss , President . " Ed fix he hair , check he clothes , then enter . int . screen classic ó same time it 's a crowded root , pile with paperwork and file . Film can be stack everywhere , and frame oneósheet for " test tube baby , " " blonde pickup " and " girl gang " litter the crack wall . sitting behind the messy desk be georgie weiss , 60 , a rug merchant turn exploitation film producer . he juggle a large sandwich and angrily bark into the phone . georgie ( on phone ) look , when I say you could have the western territory , I do not mean all eleven state ! I mean California , Oregon , and uh , what 's that one above it ... Washington . oh really ?! well screw you ! georgie slam down the phone . he smile warmly at Ed . georgie can I help you ? ed yes , I be Ed Wood . I be here about direct the christine jorgensen picture . georgie yeah , well a couple of thing have change . it be not gonna be the christine jorgensen story no more . goddamn " variety " print the story before I have the rights , and now that bitch be ask for the sky . ed ( disappointed ) so you be not gonna make the movie ? georgie no , of course I be gonna make the movie ! I have already preósold Alabama and Oklahoma . that repress okie really go for that twisted pervert stuff . so we will just make it without that she-male . we will fictitionalize it . georgie bite into he sandwich . Ed be daze . ed be there a script ? georgie fuck no ! but there 's a poster . georgie pull out artwork of a hermaphrodite : man on the leave side , woman on the right . the lettering scream , " I change my sex ! " georgie it open in nine week in Tulsa . ed ( muster up he courage ) well , Mr. Weiss , I be you guy . I work fast , and I be a deal : I write and direct . and I be good . I just do a play in Hollywood , and Victor crowley praise its realism . georgie hmm . there 's five -hundre guy in town who can tell I the same thing . you say on the phone you have some kind of " special qualification . " Ed take a measure piuse . this be he big revelation . ed well , Mr. Weiss , I have never tell anyone what I be about to tell you ... but I really want this job . ( he gulp ) I like to dress in woman 's clothing . georgie be you a fruit ? ed no , no , not at all ! I love woman . wearing they clothes make I feel closer to they . georgie so you be not a fruit ? ed Nah , I be all man . I even fight in ww2 . ( beat ) ' course , I be wear lady ' undergarment under my uniform . georgie you gotta be kiddin ' I . ed confidentially , I even paratroope wear a brassiere and panty . I will tell ya , I be not scared of be kill , but I be terrify of get wounded , and have the medic discover my secret . georgie sit back . it 's a hell of a story . georgie and this be why you think you be the most qualified to make my movie ? ed yeah . I know what it 's like to live with a secret , and worry about what people be gonna think of you ... my girlfriend still do not know why she sweater be always stretch out . georgie shrug . georgie Ed , you seem like a nice kid , but look around you ... ( he gesture at the poster ) I do not hire director with burn desire to tell they storey . I make movie like " chain Girls . " I need someone with experience who can shoot a film in four day that will make I a profit . ( beat ) I be sorry . that 's all that matter . CUT to : int . bar ó day Ed sit morosely in a scuzzy bar , three empty shot glass in front of he . a bartender amble over . bartender be you gonna get something else ? Ed glumly empty he pocket . all he have be change . Ed sigh , and stagger out . ext . hollywood boulevard - day Ed shuffles down the street , he head hang low . a restaurant door open , and a eisenhower era nuclear family exit . whitebread dad , Mom , Son , and daughter stride out in they starch clean clothes . they march obliviously past Ed . he watch they go , then continue . Ed reach a building , " hollywood mortuary , " and glance in the window . a pause , then he do a doubletake . through the window the showroom be fill with sample coffin . lying inside one be bela lugosi . angle - ed he be flabbergasted . int . hollywood mortuary - same time lugosi slowly sit up inside the coffin . bela be a age 70 - year - old man , once a great star , now a fade memory try to hang on to he nobility . quite frail and tired , he be still a master of the grand gesture . a unctuous salesman step up . bela speak , in a thick hungarian accent which give he a Old World elegance . bela too constrictive . this be the most uncomfortable coffin I have ever be in . salesman gee , Mr. lugosi , I have never have any complaint before . bela the selection be quite shoddy . you be waste my time . mildly annoyed , bela climb out . he straighten he cloak and walk to the exit -- where be bump into nervous Ed . ed Excuse I , Mr. lugosi ?? bela ( irritate ) I tell you , I do not want any of you goddamn coffin . ed no . I do not work here . bela huh ? bela peer at Ed , then glance confusedly over he shoulder at the salesman . oh. bela look back at anxious Ed . bela who be you ? what do you want ? ed I do not want anything . I be just a really big , big fan . I have see all you movie . bela ha ! bela stride out . ext . hollywood boulevard - same time bela hurry along . Ed chase after he . ed why be you buy a coffin ? bela because I be plan on die soon . ed ( concerned ) really ? bela yes . I be embark on another bus - andótruck tour of " dracula . " twelve city in ten day , if that 's conceivable . bela pull out a large smelly cigar and light it . ed you know , I see you perform " dracula . " in poughkeepsie , in 1938 . bela eh , that be a terrible production . renfield be a drunk ! ed I think it be great . you be much scarier in real life than you be in the movie . bela thank you . ed I wait to get you autograph , but you never come outside . bela I apologize . when I play dracula , I put myself into a trance . it take I much time to re-emerge . a CITY bus approach . bela oh , there 's my bus . ( he check he pocket ) shit , where 's my transfer ?! ed do not you bave a car ? bela I refuse to drive in this country . too many mad . the bus pull up , and the door open . Ed be worried he 's about to lose he new friend . he get a idea ... CUT to : int . 1948 nash rambler - day Ed drive anxiously . bela sit next to he , fill the car with smoke from he big cigar . ed Boy , Mr. lugosi , you must lead such a exciting life . when be you next picture come out ? bela I have no next picture . ed ah , you gotta be jokin ' ! a great man like you ... I will bet you have dozen of them line up . bela back in the old day , yes . but now -- no one give two fuck for bela . bela puff on he oversize cigar . ed but you be a big star ! bela no more . I have not work in four year . this town , it chew you up , then spit you out . I be just a ex-bogeyman . ( he point ) make a right . ext . bela' neighborhood - day Ed drive past pump oil well and into a seedy neighborhood . they reach a tiny , well - manicure house . Ed and bela get out . bela ( bitter ) they do not want the classic horror film anymore . today , it 's all giant bug , giant spider , giant grasshopper -- who would believe such nonsense ! ed the old one be much spookier . they have castle , full moon ... bela they be mythic . they have a poetry to they . ( he lower he voice ) and you know what else ? the woman prefer the traditional monster . ed the woman ? bela the pure horror , it both repel and attract they . because in they collective unconsciousness , they have the agony of childbirth . the blood . the blood be horror . ed I never think of that . bela take my word for it . you want to " score " with a young lady , you take she to see " dracula . " bela 's eye twinkle . he reach he front door and unlock it . inside ... it 's awful . squalid , dark , with skull and strange voodoo object scattered about . up front hang a large photograph of shockingly young bela , handsome and regal . Ed be stunne by this dismal place , but do not say anything . within , dog start barking crazily . bela ugh , what a mess . ( beat ) my wife of twenty year leave I last month . I be not much of a housekeeper . the dog bark louder . bela shh ! I be come ! I will feed you ! ed well ... I guess I should go . perhaps we could get together again ? bela ( he shake he hand ) certainly . but now the child of the night be call I . bela smile and step inside . the door close . CUT to : int . dolores' apartmrnt - day dolore be in she 1950 's kitchenette , make a green jello mold . Ed burst in , euphoric . ed sweetie , you will not believe it ! I have get the most incredible news ! dolore ( excited ) you get the job ?!! ed huh ?! ( confuse ) oh , uh , no , I do not get the job . but something better happen ! dolore better than not get a job ? ed yeah ! I meet a movie star ! somebody really big ! dolore who? Robert Taylor ?! ed ( annoyed ) no ! a horror movie star ! dolore boris karloff !? ed Close ! the other one ! dolore you meet basil rathbone ! ed oh , the hell with you . I meet bela lugosi ! dolore I think he be dead . Ed 's eye pop . ed no ! he 's very alive . well ... sort of . he 's old , and frail -- but he 's still bela lugosi ! and he 's really nice . dolore Boy , I can not even remember the last time he be in a picture . ed it 's a shame . he 's such a rest actor , and nobody use he anymore . dolore so do you get he autograph ? Ed calm down . he smile beatifically . ed no . it be not like that at all . it be just the two of we , and we be talkin ' ... and he treat I like -- a friend ... CUT to : int . studio warehouse - day Ed be back in the plant department , argue with he boss . rude boss he 's a bum . ed no he 's not ! do you realize how much money he make for this studio over the year ? " dracula " ! " the raven " ! " the Black cat " ! rude boss yeah ? well now he 's a junkie . he do not deserve to work . ed that 's not true -- rude boss he 's so great , you hire he . ed ( defensive ) well , uh , if I could I would ... the guy take a mock face and strut out . Ed glare . CUT to : ext . bela' rouse - night it 's Halloween night . child in trick - or-treate costume parade up and down the street . through bela 's window , we see he and Ed watch television -- a small fuzzy screen in a huge console . int . bela' house - same time on the tv , one of bela 's old ' 30 horror film play . bela 's evil character be hypnotize somebody : his eye stare the famous stare , then he hand do the famous hypnotic gesture . on ed and bela they be entrance . the man drink beer in silence . bela 's two dog lie at he foot . on the tv the old movie suddenly stop , and vampira appear on the tv screen . vampira , 25 , be the sexy " creature feature " hostess , a pale ghoul slip into a tight black dress . she leer in front of a corny fog-shroude set . there be a pumpkin , a broomstick , and a sign read " happy Halloween . " vampira ( on tv ) ooo ! that eye ! he give I the willy ! the only thing scarier than he be this guy I date last week : Charlie from Pittsburgh . Boy , talk about the live dead ... on the men Ed be disgruntled . ed ugh ! I hate the way she interrupt the picture . she do not show them the proper respect . bela ( glue to the tv ) I think she 's a honey . look at that jug . Ed laugh . bela wave he arm and start do he hypnotic hand gesture at the tv . bela vampira ! you will come under my spell ! you will be my slave of love . ed ( fascinate by bela 's hand ) hey bela , how do you do that ? bela you must be double-jointed , and you must be hungarian . ( back at the tv ) vampira , look at I ! stare into my eye . Ed join bela in this activity . the two of they wave they arm spookily at the tv . bela become fatigue . bela I be get tired . I need to take my medicine . ed do you want I to get it for you ? bela no thank you , Eddie . I will be alright . bela smile . he get up , shuffles across the room , and step behind a curtain . Ed be puzzle . bela 's thin arm appear and draw the curtain tight . we hear mysterious clanging , drawer open and close , and then silence . Ed sit , wait . behind the curtain , something drop . we hear a muffle " shit ! " Ed be get worried . but then the curtain whip open , and bela bound out , grin . he 's a bundle of energy . bela I feel better now . at the door the doorbell ring . kid shout " trick or treat ! " bela jump up gleefully . bela Children ! I love child . bela put on he famous cape , then get a pair of fang and stick they in he mouth . outside Little kid in Lone Ranger and howdy doody costume giggle expectantly . suddenly the door fly open , and stand there be Count dracula ! the real Count dracula . yeowwww !!! the kid scream and run . bela chuckle . every kid be go ... except one tough boy . bela be not you scared , little boy ? I be go to drink you blood ! tough boy ehh , you be not a real vampire . you can not turn into a bat , and that tooth do not frighten I . suddenly Ed lurch out , menacingly . ed well how about this tooth ?!! Ed rip he teeth out of he head and thrust they at the kid . the boy scream in terror and race away . bela be wow . bela hey , how would you do that ? Ed smile impishly , then stick the tooth back in he mouth . ed denture . I lose my pearly in the war . CUT to : ext . STREET - later that night Ed and bela run toward we , bela 's cape flap in the wind . Ed take a swig from bela 's flask . they be a bit tipsy . ed be you sure this be okay ? bela do not worry . I do it every Halloween . ext . cemetery - night the moonlight shine down on a rickety old cemetery . the wind blow hauntingly , and tombstone gleam in the blackness . Ed and bela reach the lock gate . they glance at each other , then start to climb over . Ed help bela . they jump down , and Ed peer nervously . ed now what ? bela look like a child on Christmas morning . he take another swig , then start run giddily . he disappear into the cemetery . bela I be dracula ! bela dart happily through the grave . his cape fly behind he . bela I be the bat !! Ed 's eye light up . he start chase after bela . bela 's heart be racing . he zig - zag past ancient crypt . gargoyle peer down . the wind howl through the skeletal tree , silhouett against the cloudy sky . Ed run through the shadow , try to catch up . bela flap he cape up and down . we almost think he 's go to fly . Ed race up , then quietly stop . he eagerly watch bela , practically expect he to turn into a bat . it 's a magical , craze moment . bela I be dracula ! I will live forever !!! bela laugh , then lie down on the grass . wide Ed slowly walk over and lie next to bela . they be happy , eye alert , on top of the world . Ed peer in wonder at he new friend . CUT to : int . screen classic office - day Ed sit across from georgie . Ed 's very excited . georgie so what 's the big news you could not tell I over the phone ... again ? Ed gulp excitedly . he have a spiel all plan out . ed Mr. Weiss , I be thinkin ' about what you say , about how all you movie have to make a profit . and I realize , what 's the one thing , that if you put in a movie , it will be successful ?? georgie ( he think ) tit . ed no. better than tit -- a star ! georgie shake he head . georgie Eddie , you must have I confuse with David selznick . I do not make major motion picture . I make crap . ed yeah , but if you take that crap and put a star in it , you would have something ! georgie yeah . crap with a star . ed ( impassion ) no ! it would be something better ! something impressive . the biggest moneymaker you have ever have ! georgie Fine , maybe you be right . but it do not friggin ' matter . I can not afford a star , so I do not even know what we be talk about . Ed grin . ed what if I tell you you could have a star for $ 1000 ?? georgie ( skeptical ) who ? Ed open he valise and whip out a 8x10 glossy of bela . georgie lugosi ? ed yeah ! lugosi! georgie be not he dead ? ed ( annoyed ) no , he 's not dead ! he life in baldwin Hills . I meet he recently , and he want to be in we picture . georgie our picture ? ed ( sheepishly ) uh , yeah . we picture . georgie mull this over . he 's interested . georgie why would lugosi want to be in a sex - change flick ? ed because he 's my friend . georgie stare carefully at Ed , then finally smile . georgie alright , fine ! you can direct it . I want a script in three day , and we start shoot a week from Monday . angle - ed he leap up euphorically . he eagerly pump georgie 's hand . ed thank you ! bless you , Mr. Weiss ! I promise I will not let you down ! CUT to : int . ed' apartment - day cu on a royal typewriter . Ed 's hand whirl across the portable typewriter , frantically feed in page as fast as be can type . we pull out . Ed sit on the bed , type . he 's a blur of activity , juggling a cigarette , coffee , and a telephone , while he write . ed ( on phone ) but Bunny , you be perfect for this job ! you be so good at organize . his adrenalin be pump . Ed pour some booze into he coffee . ed you know this people . I need all the transsexuals and transvestite you can get . ( he suck on he cigarette ) no , I do not care if they be not actor . I want realism . I want this film to tell the truth ! I have wait my whole life for this shot , and I be not gonna blow it . there 's a knock at the door . Ed carry the phone on a long cord and answer it . bela hurry in , smile broadly . bela Eddie , you get a new movie for I ?! ed yeah , it 's gonna be a great picture ! you will love you character ! ( back into the phone ) Bunny , bela 's here . look , hit the bar , work some party , and get I transvestite ! I need transvestite ! Ed hang up and resume type . bela be puzzle . bela Eddie , what kind of movie be this ? ed well , it 's about how people have two personality . the side they show to the world , and then the secret person they hide inside . bela ( delighted ) oh , like jekyll and hyde ! ah , I have always want to play jekyll and hyde ! I be look forward to this production . Ed stop type . he pour bela a drink . ed ehh , you part 's a little different . you be like the God that look down on all the character , and oversee everything . bela I do not understand . ed well ... you control everyone 's fate . you be like the puppetmaster . bela ( get it ) ah , so I pull the string ! ed yeah . you pull the string -- ( he suddenly get a look ) " pull the string " ... hey , that 's pretty good ! Ed quickly start type again . CUT to : int . ed' apartment - night Ed and dolore sit at a card table , finish up dinner . the dog eat scrap below they . ed wipe off you hand . I have get a little surprise for you ... ( he smile nervously ) I finish my script . Ed anxiously pull out a pile of page . dolore look in awe at the cover : " 'glen or glenda ' by Edward D. Wood , Jr " " dolore Ed , I be so proud ! I will read it as soon as I get home . ed ( apprehensive ) well , I would really like to know what you think . why do not you go in the bedroom and take a look at it ? I will wait ... there 's a uneasy moment between they . she sense something funny . dolore take the script and go into the bedroom . the door close . Ed start pace ... dissolve to : int . bedroom - later dolore read the script . she finish the last page , then look up . she be very shake . dolore stand . she grab the door and open it . through the doorway Ed stand somberly in drag . he 's in a pantsuit , heel , and pink angora sweater . dolore be totally rattle . she struggle for a response . dolore so that 's where my sweater 's be . Ed silently nod . dolore how long have you be do this ? ed since I be a kid . my mom want a girl , so she use to dress I in girlie clothing . it just kinda become a habit . dolore Jesus Christ ! and you never tell I ? ed this be my way of tell you -- dolore ( furious ) what , by put it in a fuckin ' script , for everyone to see ?! what kind of sick mind would operate like that ? Ed be terribly hurt . dolore shake tht script . dolore and what about this so-called " Barbara " character ? it 's obviously I ! I be so embarrassed ! this be we life ! ed ( quiet ) of course it be . and that 's why you should play the part . dolore oh ! you get nerve , buddy . he calmly point at the script . ed it 's a damn good role . dolore that 's not the issue !! ( she suddenly stop ) ugh ! how can you act so casual , when you be dress like that ?! ed it take I comfortable . dolore oh , just like in the script ! Ed smile serenely . ed exactly . ( he take she hand ) so what do ya say ? do you wanna break up ... or do you wanna do the movie with I ? dolore sigh . CUT to : int . screen classic - day the hallway be fill with eager transvestite . it 's a very festive atmosphere , and Bunny try to create some order . Inside the busy office , Paul type , and conrad crank a mimeograph machine . conrad it 's good to have a job . now I can get my phone reconnect . in a corner , georgie angrily wave the script at Ed . georgie I think this be gonna be a sex - change film ! ed ( defensive ) there 's still a sex - change -- georgie yeah ! five page right before it end ! the rest of the show be about some schmuck who like angora sweater . ed I do not think he 's a schmuck . georgie and what 's with this new title ?! my poster say " I change my sex " ! ed so change the poster . trust I , you will be better off . this be a story that 's gonna grab people . ( he go into a pitch ) it 's about this guy . he 's crazy about this girl but he like to wear dress . should he tell she ? should he not tell she ? he 's tear . George , this be drama . georgie throw up he hand georgie Fine , shoot whatever baloney you want ! I give up . just make sure it 's seven reel long . CUT to : ext . STREET - early morning we be on location for Ed 's first film ! a SMALL crew of a dozen unpack the camera and reflector from they car . Ed 's voice rise above the hubbub . ed ( o.s. ) Excuse I , could I have everyone 's attention ?! could you gather around ? I have get something to say . the crew member put down they thing and gather in a circle . in the middle , we reveal Ed , in complete drag . dress , nylon , pump , lovely blonde wig ... he 's quite a sight . like a eager scoutmaster , he address he troops . ed everybody , we be about to embark on quite a journey . four day of hard work ... but when it 's over , we will have a picture that will entertain , enlighten , and maybe even move million of people . a couple grip glance at each other . ed now the only way we be gonna achieve all this be if we stay on schedule . Day one -- today -- we will start easy . we have eighteen silent scene that can be shot quickly : Cars parking , Patrick 's suicide , I strolling as a man , I strolling as a woman , etc. ( beat ) after lunch , we will bring in the Inspector and the Doctor . the Doctor be very important to the plot , so we might have to spend time on retake . but it 's worth it . scene total for the first day be thirty - four . ( he catch a breath ) Day two , we will be a little busier -- veteran cameraman bill , a old guy with thick glass , speak . cameraman bill Excuse I Eddie , I do not mean to interrupt ... but I be gettin ' a little worried about that cloud . he point up . everybody look at the sky . the cloud be gray . Ed nod in agreement . ed good thinkin' . we will talk about day Three and four later . now let 's get that first shot off ! it 's scene 17 , glenda look in the window . the crew disperse . Ed quickly run in he heel over to the burly make - up man , harry . ed okay , do I need any touch -up ? make - up man harry I be tell ya , eyelash be the way to go . ed ( irritate ) Harry , we have discuss this a million time . I do not want to look like a girl . I want to look like myself . make - up man marry ( disgruntled ) Fine . then you look beautiful . Harry humorlessly powder Ed 's nose . Ed turn away and suddenly shout into a giant megaphone . ed place , everyone ! roll camera ! cameraman bill ( nonchalant ) Rolling . wide Ed chuck the megaphone and run crazily past the camera and behind a building . ed' voice and -- action ! a pause , and then Ed , in character as glenda , calm and dignify , step out and walk down the sidewalk . Ed stop at a store window . he 's totally in shadow . a grip grimace . he turn on a light Ed light up . he look in the window , admire a dress on display , then silently walk out of frame . a beat . Ed scream . ed and , CUT ! print it ! let' move on ! cameraman bill do not you want a second take , for protection ? ed ( exhilated ) what 's to protect ? it be perfect ! suddenly a police car turn the corner . crew member cop ! ed we do not have a permit . run ! everyone grab equipment and take off . wipe to : int . larchmont studio - day the company be now shoot inside a dinky soundstage . there be dirty mattress tack on the wall . they prep bela 's set : a fishnet - drape armchair in front of a flat . Ed be perch high in he director 's chair , back in man 's clothes . ed the set do not look right ! it look too ... empty . clutter it up . put a skeleton in the corner . and what 's that thing over there ? paul marco I do not know . ed well it look good . let 's use it ! georgie hurriedly stride over . he hold the script . georgie Ed ! what 's with this revise page ?! a scene in a smelting factory ? a buffalo stampede ?? Three -hundre soldier storming anzio Beach ??! what 's go on here ? I can not afford to film this nonsense ! ed do not worry . we be not gonna film any of it . georgie then how 's it gonna get in the picture ?! ed I know a guy in universal 's stock house -- he 's give I the footage for free . this movie 's gonna look like a million buck . georgie nod . oh , okay . o.s. voice Mr. lugosi have arrive ! Ed jump excitedly . ed oh my God ! ( he yell ) Mr. lugosi be here ! now everyone , when he walk on the stage ( nobody be listen ; so Ed use he megaphone ) now everyone , when he walk on the stage , treat he normal . I know bela lugosi be a world - famous star , and you be all a little excited , but we be professional . so if you treat he with respect , everything will be alright . at the stage door the door swing open , and bela stride in , look dapper . he glance at the teensy stage , and he face fall imperceptibly . Ed run up , bound with enthusiasm . ed bela ! it 's so great to see you ! ( he glance at he watch ) and eight o'clock on the dot . right on time ! bela I be always on time . ed of course ! well , we get a big day plan for you ... first , we be gonna start off a little easy , with you in that armchair over there . then , once you be up to speed and cooking , we will reset and bring out the laboratory equipment -- bela ( he lean in and whisper ) uh , Eddie , do you have my money ? ed huh ?! oh yeah , of course . Ed and bela step over to a corner . across the room from a distance , Ed pull a wad of money from he pocket and peel off a few bill for bela . the crew watch , fascinate . wipe to : later bela be seat in the ratty armchair on the set . Harry do he make -up . Harry glance at bela 's arm , and it be full of track mark . Harry grimace , but do not say anything . conrad eagerly scurries up . conrad Mr. lugosi , I know you be very busy , but could I have you autograph ? bela ( cordial ) of course . conrad hand he a scrap of paper . bela sign it . conrad you know which movie of yours I love , Mr. lugosi ? " the invisible Ray . " you be great as karloff 's sidekick . bela 's face suddenly harden . he snap . bela " sidekick " ?? " karloff " ?!! bela insanely rip up the autograph . bela fuck you !! karloff do not deserve to smell my shit ! that limey cocksucker can rot in hell , for all I care !!! wide Ed panickedly run up . ed what happen ?! Jesus , connie , what do you do ? conrad ( upset , close to cry ) nothin ' ! I tell he he be great . bela how dare that asshole bring up karloff ?!! you think it take talent to play frankenstein ?! no ! it 's just make - up and grunt ! grrr ! grrr ! grrr ! Ed be freeze in fear . he glance across the stage . georgie be flabbergasted . he point urgently at he watch . Ed nod . he motion to conrad : get out of here . conrad run away . Ed lean in to bela . ed you be right , bela . now dracula , that 's a part that take act . bela of course ! dracula require presence . it 's all in the voice , and the eye , and the hand -- bela wave he outstretch arm . Ed try to calm he . ed look , you seem a little agitate . do you maybe wanna take a little break , go for a nice walk ... and then we will come back and shoot the scene ? bela bullshit ! I be ready now ! Roll the camera !! the crew be baffle . Ed shrug at they . ed um , okay ... roll camera cameraman bill ( unsure ) Rolling . ed sound ! soundman speed . camera assistant Mark . scene thirty -one . the Assistant clap the slate in front of bela , then run . ed and ... action ? it 's dead quiet . nobody know what 's about to happen . we move in to bela . and ... he suddenly assume character . like the consumate pro he be . bela get a wick , sinister leer , then start intone threateningly : bela ( as the spirit ) " beware . beware ! beware , of the big green dragon that sit on you doorstep . he eat little boy ! puppy dog tail ! Big fat snail ! beware . take care . beware ! " closeup - ed he be blow away . he quietly mumble in amazement . ed brilliant . wipe to : int . stage - next day dolore study she script , as the crew light a flimsy kitchen set . Ed stroll past , nonchalantly remove a lady ' wig and earring . she stare in disbelief . dolore how can you just walk around like that , in front of all this people ? ed hon ' , nobody 's bother but you . ( he gesture ) look around -- they could not care less . dolore Ed , this be not the real world ! you have surround yourself with weirdo ! ed say it a little louder . I do not think bela hear you in he trailer . dolore quiet down . she feel bad . ed dolore . I need you help ... wipe to : filming in progress - later a scene be be shot , on camera . Ed ( as Glen ) and dolore ( as Barbara ) stare into each other 's eye . he 's dress normal , and she wear a fuzzy angora sweater . ed ( as glen ) " my mind 's in a muddle . I think I could stop wear this thing . I try , honestly I try ... " dolore ( as barbara ) ( tentative ) " Glen , I do not fully understand this . but maybe together -- we can work it out . " she stand up , dramatically take off she angora sweater , and give it to Ed . he hold it meaningfully , then smile proudly . ed Music swell ... and CUT and print it ! Ed and dolore hug . CUT to : int . editing room - day on a moviola , we see the black - and - white image of dolore take off she angora and give it to Ed . we pull out . Ed and georgie be hunch over , watch the movie . Ed smile proudly . ed and we fade out . " the end . " ( the film run out ) what do you think ? georgie peer at he watch . he shake he bead . georgie I think it 's fifty - seven minute long . ed yeah ? whatever . so do you like it ? georgie ( like a lecture teacher ) Ed , what be the one thing I ask you to do ? make it seven reel long . I have get contract with my exhibitor . if it be not over a hour , they will not play it . ed gee , I use every frame of film we shot . maybe they will not notice . georgie they will notice . ( beat ) look , why do not you let I take over from here ? I can do a few trick : pad it out with more stock footage , add establish shot ... ed um , I guess -- georgie good . and one more thing . I think you " written , directed , and star Ed Wood " credit be a bad idea . ed why ?! I do all that thing ! Hell , I even build the prop . georgie and you do a bang - up job , too . but you do not want other producer to know that 's you in drag . trust I . it 's a career killer . Ed be quite upset . ed but I be proud . I write , direct , and star in it just like Orson Welles in " citizen kane " ! georgie yeah ?? well Orson Welles do not wear angora sweater , do he ??! Ed be beat . CUT to : int . screening room - night it 's the cast and crew screen ! the eager two - dozen people be pack into a tiny screen room . the light dim , and the movie start . a library music fanfare , and then : " bela lugosi in glen or glenda " everyone applaud excitedly . bela smile . credit continue : " feature Daniel Davis and dolore fuller " the audience be audibly baffle . Bunny blurt out . bunny Daniel who ?! dolore lean in to ed. dolore Ed , who be Daniel Davis ? ed ( sour ) some weirdo who like to wear dress . dissolve to : later in the movie on - screen , dolore look tenderly at ed. dolore ( on screen ) " Glen . be it another woman ? " Ed as Glen nervously ponder he response . but suddenly -- music thunder in . the movie cut to buffalo stampede . bela 's angry face be superimpose over this . bela ( on screen ) " pull the string ! pull the string ! " in the audience people be impressed by this technique . bela nod in approval . on-screen out of nowhere , cheap jazz music start , and the movie abruptly cut to sleazy stag party -style footage ! a bare - chest man whip a bound woman ! a woman dominate another tie to a large stick ! a brunette violently rip off she dress and do a hoochie-coochie dance ! in the audience the crowd be stunne . cameraman bill I do not shoot that ! Ed look back at georgie , who 's wear a big satisfied grin . ed georgie , what 's with the stag footage ?? you say you be cut in establish shot ! georgie I do . I establish some tit and ass . Ed roll he eye . he turn back to the movie . int . party - later that night everybody be celebrate , with a raucous party . people be booz it up . big band music play . Ed dance with dolore . Paul smoke a joint . conrad fall over a table and break a lamp . bela dance happily with a cute young redhead . bela be not I something ..? do you see how I command the screen ?! Ed 's giddy buddy stumble over with foam glass of beer . bunny Ed , it be superb . conrad a great show ! a little strange ... but great -- especially my scene . ed just like I always promise . now you be among the immortal . you be movie star . paul marco ( he raise he glass ) here 's to Ed . for make we into something . it 's a warm moment . they all clink they glass . dolore kiss ed. CUT to : ext . bungalow house - day we be outside a cute little Spanish bungalow house . Ed and dolore be move in . they lug furniture from a rent truck . ed from today on , we life be different ! we will be swim lap in the same pool Jean harlow do . dolore I do not know . it 's so much money ... ed who care ?! we be on a roll ! this be the moment in life you be suppose to grab . dolore but Ed , we be not even marry . and you do not have a job . ed but you do ! and anyway , I have get ton of new script . and now that I have a track record , studio be bound to hire I ! she just stare . Ed shrug , semi-reassuringly . ed look on the bright side . if we miss the rent , what 's the worst they can do ? dolore toss we out on we ass . ed exactly . int . bungalow - day the house be move in . Ed 's unkempt dog run about . pumped -up Ed sit on the bed type fiendishly fast while wear a angora sweater . a cigarette dangle from he mouth , and a bottle of booze lay in he lap . bela sit quietly nearby . ed how ' bout a western ? people love western . bela but , I do not like horse . do I have to get on one ? ed eh , forget it . what else be big ? ( he face light up ) teenager ! jailbait pic ! yeah ... you get the juvenile delinquent , he girlfriend from the wrong side of the track -- bela who do I play ? ed uh , a cop . no ! you play the father . he 's angry ! he do not like see he son -- no -- he do not like see he daughter behave this way ! bela ( cautious , not to offend ) well ... can not I play the romantic part ? I be tired of always be the bad guy . you know , back in hungary , I play Romeo ! I would like to be the lover again -- I , in a boat , with the girl ... Ed consider this . ed sure . romance , that 's great ! to engineer you comeback , we be gonna need a whole slate of picture . once " Glen or glenda " take off , we will slam you into one , then another , then another ! bela ( he smile ) that 's good . I could use the money . ed but we need to start off with a bang ! something we know the audience will want to see . mmm . what be you biggest hit ? bela ( he think ) hmm ... my biggest hit ? that would probably be " dracula . " ed of course ! Ed crab a pen and excitedly scrawl out the word " dracula . " bela frown . bela that bastard at universal . I make so much money for they , and now I can not get the time of day . ed so let 's make another " dracula . " let 's make " the return of dracula " ! bela we can not . that son -a- bitch control the rights . ed they do ? shoot . there must be a way to get around that ... Ed 's mind be work . he hold out the paper and stare at it . suddenly , he grin . he grab the pen and make a period after the " dr . " it now say " dr.acula " ed ha-ha ! Dr. acula ! bela dracula ? ed no! Doctor acula ! you can still wear the cape , have the fang ... but you be a doctor ! not a count . bela ah ! this be very exciting . ed ( inspire ) I gotta type this up , while it 's still fresh ! Ed rip the paper from he typewriter , put in a blank page , and start type . CUT to : ext . movie studio gate - day we be outside the impose gate of mgm . the lion logo be overhead . Ed drive up in he dirty nash rambler convertible . he wear he nicest suit . Ed peer nervously at the guard . ed Excuse I , I be here to see Mr. feldman . the Guard stare suspiciously at Ed . his filthy car be leak oil . guard what 's you name ? ed Edward D. Wood , junior . the man frown . he look through he file -- then find a parking slip with Ed 's name . he be surprised . guard oh. eh , he 's in the executive Building . you can park in the reserve section . Ed smile . int . executive waiting room - day the room be very posh , with fancy panele and marble floor . Ed sit nervously under poster for " grand HOTEL " and " quo vadis . " Film can lable " Glen or glenda " rest in he lap . secretary Sir , Mr. feldman will see you now . she hit a electric button . a large oak door swing open . int . office behind a giant desk be mr . feldman , a glib , thin over - caffeinate man . he jump up , smile . mr. feldman Mr. Ward , it 's a delight to meet you . ed ( shaking he hand ) it 's Wood . Ed Wood . mr. feldman Wood ? Ward ? wood. ( puzzle , he glance at he appointment book ) hey , what do you know . it be Wood . dang secretary , you can never get a good one . right ? Ed shrug . feldman grin . mr. feldman so what be you bring I ? look like you get some film can . ed well , Mr. feldman , some people have resume to show . I have get my own movie . mr. feldman really ?! well good for you . ed I just make this picture , over at screen classics . it open next week . mr. feldman screen classics ? hmm , do not know they . ed nobody in town have see it , so I be givin ' you first crack at my talent . mr. feldman I can not wait to take a look . ( he clap he hand ) so what 's up next ? Ed lean in . ed well , Mr. feldman , I do not believe in think small . so I have get a whole slate of picture for you : " the vampire 's tomb , " " the ghoul go West " ... and " Doctor acula " ! mr. feldman Doctor acula ? I do not get it . ed Dr. acula ! Ed write it out , " dr . acula , " then wave it in feldman 's face . feldman nod . mr. feldman oh , " Dr. acula . " I get it . ( beat ) I do not like it . ed but bela lugosi 's in it ! mr. feldman lugosi 's wash - up . what else you get ? Ed grimace . lugosi be 90 % of he pitch . he vamp . ed well ... I have get another project I be not gonna tell you about . lugosi 's in it , but he 's get a smaller part . the lead be a ingenue , a sterling young actress name dolore fuller . the title be " bride of the atom . " mr. feldman ah! Atomic Age stuff , huh ? I like it . ( he smile ) I will tell you what , Mr. Ward . why do not you leave that film can , and my associate and I will take a look at you little opus . maybe we can do business together . Ed be elate . int . studio screening room - day feldman and he fellow smarmy executive sit in a plush screen room . they be view " Glen or glenda . " on - screen , Ed be in drag . a solemn narrator within the movie speak : solemn narrator ( v.o. ) " give this man satin undy , a dress , and a sweater ... and he 's the happiest man in the world . he can work better , think better , even play better -- and be more of a credit to he community and he government . " angle on the executive they be stupefy . yikes ! executive # 1 what the hell be this ?! executive # 2 be this a actual movie ?! executive # 1 it can not be . executive # 2 it 's fuckin ' ridiculous ! feldman squint at the screen . feldman wait a minute . that guy in the dress -- he 's the one I meet with today ! this must be a big put - on ! ( he chuckle ) it 's probably another one of billy wellman 's practical joke ! everybody suddenly start howling with laughter . CUT to : ext . newsstand - day Ed zoom up and chipperly jump from he car . he busy a " Los Angeles Herald - Express , " eagerly open it to the entertainment page ... and then get a confuse look . Ed quickly start rifling through the page -- something be wrong . ext . phone booth - day Ed angrily shout into the phone . ed georgie , what happen ?! I think " Glen or glenda " be open next week ! where 's the ad ? a old -fashioned split screen of georgie on the phone appear . georgie ( piss - off ) " where 's the ad " ?! the ad be in Alabama , Indiana , and Missouri ! you schmuck , it be not gonna play l.a .! ed why not ?? georgie because I can not sell it to save my life ! you make a goddamn feathered fish . be it a art film , a horror show , a hygiene flick ? nobody know ! I be beggin ' people to book it . ed ( insulted ) maybe it need special handle . georgie screw you , Wood ! I even sink more money into different title : " transvestite " " he or she ? " " I led two live " ... it doesn't matter ! nobody want to see the piece of shit . ed you can not talk that way about my movie . georgie " you movie " ?! I wish it be you movie ! I wish I have not blow every dime I ever make into this stinkbomb . if I ever see you again , I will kill you !!! georgie slam down the phone . his split screen wipe off , leave Ed stand alone . Ed stare at the phone , then quietly hang it up . CUT to : int . olympic auditorium - night wham ! a wrestler throw another wrestler at the mat . the crowd cheer raucously . we be at the Saturday night wrestling match ! in the stand be Ed , dolore , Bunny , and Bunny 's new young male " friend . " seat around they be holler trucker and ex -marine . Bunny giggle and nudge gloomy Ed . bunny so guess where I be go next weekend ? ed I do not know . where ? bunny Mexico ! and guess what I be go to do there ?! ed ( not enjoy this game ) I dunno . lie on the beach ? bunny wrong ! I be get my first series of hormone shot ! and once that baby kick in , they be gonna remove my organ , and make I a woman ! Ed be astonished . ed Jesus ! be you serious ? bunny yes ! I have dream of it for year , but you movie make I realize I have get to take action . goodbye , penis ! the trucker nearby stare . dolore cover she face . dolore ssh ! will you keep it down ? the crowd suddenly roar and jump up . a favorite wrestler have enter the ring , massive tor johnson , 50 . Tor be a incredible sight : a bald , lumber behemoth . ring announcer ( amplify ) now enter the ring , in the gold trunk , 350 bone -crunch pound of pure strength , the " swedish angel " ... Tor Johnson !!! the crowd go apeshit . the stand be go to collapse from the shout . Ed 's eye be the size of saucer . ed my God , look at that guy . he 's a mountain ! the bell ring . Tor quickly grab he opponent , a man in a blue mask , and throw he at the ground . then Tor jump onto he stomach , easily pick he up , and heave he at the rope . people cheer . Ed be flabbergasted . ed I have never see anything like he ! bunny and once I be a woman , Jean - Claude and I be get marry -- ed ( eye glue to the ring ) ssh ! he 's so big ! he 's a monster ! can you imagine what that guy would be like in a movie ? on tor he scream maniacally in swedish . Tor lift the opponent over he head and toss he into the stand . Three row of chair get knock over . CUT to : ext . wrestler be bar - night a tiny miniature european car pull up . Tor Johnson be squeeze inside -- ludicrously oversize for this vehicle . Tor carefully wedge himself out and enter the bar . int . wrestler be bar - same time this rowdy bar be pack with burly wrestler . Tor walk in , and man cheerily yell out : " hey , Tor ! " " hi , Tor ! " Tor grin . in person , he actually seem a jolly , outgo fellow . Ed wave from the corner ed Mr. Johnson , over here ! Tor smile and lumber over ed glad you could fit I in you schedule . tor ( in a hoarse swedish accent ) Da pleasure be mine . they shake hand . Ed 's hand look like a baby 's in Tor 's giant mitt . Tor try to sit in the booth . but he can not fit . tor could we moovf to table ? ed oh , of course ! Ed jump up . they move to a large table . now Tor be happy . he start shoveling beer nut into he mouth . ed so , Mr. Johnson -- tor Tor ! ed Tor . have you ever think about become a actor ? tor ( he chuckle ) mm , not good - lookink enough . ed I think you be quite handsome . tor no. with hair , yah . but I must shave head for wrestlink . it scare da crowd . dey like that . Ed smile . ed well , I think you would be a sensation in picture . tor but what bout accent ? some people tink I haf too much accent . ed Nah , that do not matter ! it 's a visual medium . a waitress saunter over . waitress Tor , what can I get ya ? tor I will haf eight beer . waitress ( nonchalant , to Ed ) and you ? ed uhh , I will have just one . she walk off . Tor shake the now - empty nut bowl . tor and more nut ! Ed try to grab Tor 's attention . ed so anyway , I have get this new script , " bride of the atom , " and there 's a part you be ideal for : " lobo . " he 's tough . a brute . but he have a heart -- and at the end he save the girl . tor ( he laugh merrily ) I like . when do movie shoot ? ed hopefully , very soon . I be just await the final okay from Mr. feldman at mgm . CUT to : int . ed' bedroom - late night Ed and dolore be asleep . suddenly the phone ring . Ed fumble for it and groggily answer . ed Wood production ... we hear bela 's weak voice . bela ( on phone ) Eddie ... help I ... ed bela ? bela ( on phone ) Eddie ... please come over -- click . the phone hang up . Ed be very alarmed . ext . bela' house - late night the wind be blow . Ed 's nash roar up , and he jump out , a coat over he pajamas . he run up and pound on bela 's door . ed bela ?! Ed try the door . it 's unlock . int . bela' house - same time Ed step into the dark room , and be stunne by what he see : bela be slump on the floor , pasty white , eye glaze . a rubber tube be tie on he arm , and a hypodermic needle lie next to he . the dog crouch behind he , whimper , despondent , bela look up through half - open eye . bela Eddie ... my friend . aghast , Ed run over . ed bela , what happen ?! bela I do not feel well ... ed let I take you to the hospital . bela no hospital . just take I to the couch ... Ed nod . he pick up the old man and carry he across the room to the couch . the large portrait of bela , young and robust , peer down . ed should I call a doctor ? bela Nah . this happen all the time ... Ed put a pillow under bela 's head . ed be there anything I can get you ? Water ? a blanket ? bela goulash . ed ( distress ) I do not know how to make goulash . Ed sit next to he . a awkward pause . ed what 's in the needle ? bela morphine , with a demerol chaser . ( he start cry ) Eddie , I be so break . I do not know what I be gonna do ... ed do not worry . I will do something . CUT to : ext . movie studio gate - morning Ed stand outside mgm , talk into a phone at the guard gate . ed ( on phone ) Mr. feldman ! I have not be able to get through , so I just show up . yeah , out front ! so , be we gonna be work together ? ( he face slowly fall ) really ? worst film you ever see ...? ( beat ) well , my next one will be better . ( beat ) hello ? int . ed' house - day dolore try to cheer up gloomy Ed . he 's wear angora . ed I be no good . dolore Ed , it 's just one man 's opinion ! ed bela need a job ... I can not even get a film go ... ( listless ) but of course I can not -- I make the worst movie of all time . dolore that 's ridiculous . Ed sigh . ed all I wanna do be tell storey . the thing I find interesting ... dolore well maybe you be not studio kind of material . maybe you just need to raise the money yourself . Ed look up . int . bank - day Ed sit opposite a loan officer . ed the movie be call " bride of the atom " ... int . dentist office - day Ed continue , pitching to three dentist in white coat . ed ... it will star bela lugosi . each of you would put up $ 20,000 ... ext . phone booth - day Ed stand at a busy intersection . he yell into a phone . ed yes , that 's right . the bela lugosi . he 's still alive . ( beat ) huh ? be he available Friday night ? gee , I suppose so ... why ? cut to : int . tv studio - night we be backstage at a ' 5 os variety show . it 's exciting live tv : showgirl , techy , and cast member dart about in a state of hype - up tumult . int . dressing room - same time bela and Ed sit in he dress room , run line . bela be in he Count outfit : cape , jet black hair , red lip , etc . they both read off script . bela " greeting . I be the Count . " ed " greeting . I be slick slomopavitz , seeker of adventure . " audience laugh . applause . " say , that 's a funny place to sleep . " bela " it be my home . " ed " oh , tract housing , huh ? " laugh . " you need a new real estate agent . " bela " beg to differ . this casket incarpratate , er , inporporate -- " Ed interrupt . ed no bela , that 's " incorporate . " look , just say " this casket have ... " bela ( upset ) ach ! how do they expect a hungarian to pronounce this dialogue ? this live television be madness ! a assistant knock and stick she head in . assistant five minute , Mr. lugosi . int . backstage - minute later Ed and bela stand in the wing . onstage be the show host , a cheesy comedian . he be do a routine with criswell , the fame psychic who open this movie . criswell wear a tux and a turban and be act mysterious . host and then what 's gonna happen ? criswell in 1960 , the automobile will have retractable wing , so it can fly . host sound like a heck of a way to beat traffic . audience laugh . criswell rub he temple enigmatically . criswell by 1970 , man will have colonize Mars . million of people will live there . Ed be mesmerize . ed wow ! ai not that something . int . studio - later we be out in the audience . the curtain rise on a spooky set : shadows , cobweb , and a coffin in the center . the host walk onstage , to huge applause . he 's play he " slick " character , a befuddle moron in a funny hat . the host shine a flashlight around , and then the coffin open . bela sit up . there 's more applause . bela greeting . I be the Count . host greeting . I be slick slomopavitz , seeker of adventure . the audience laugh . then applause . host say , that 's a funny place to sleep . bela it be my home . host oh , tract housing , huh ? ( he start ad - libbing ) I guess I should not complain about my duplex in burbank . what a dump . some place have a Murphy bed , this place have a Murphy shower . I still do not know where to hang the towel ! the audience howl with laughter . bela be totally lose . he seem incredibly confuse . bela uh , beg to differ . host " beg to differ ? ! " hey , I be talkin ' about my duplex in burbank ! bela ( terrify , grop ) uh , greeting . I be the Count ... backstage Ed cover he face in embarrassment . CUT to : int . studio hallway - later the host angrily storm past . host I tell you we should have get karloff . he exit . a door open , and Ed and bela quietly step out . ed bela , do not worry . you be better than all this crap . bela ( distraught ) I never say I could ad-lib ... ed forget about it . we will make we new movie , and you will be a star again . they shuffle away ... until criswell and he snazzy entourage burst around a corner . even in person , criswell be ethereal and quite self - important . he be delighted to see bela . criswell Mr. lugosi ! it be a unparalleled privilege to meet you . allow I to introduce myself ... I be criswell ! bela ( morose ) it 's a pleasure ... criswell ah , cheer up ! do not lose heart over what happen tonight . ( he point at he temple ) I predict that you next project will be a outstanding success ! ed wow . criswell and who may you be ? ed Edward Wood , sir. criswell ah . the director of " Glen or glenda . " ed ( startle ) h-how would you know ?! criswell I be criswell . I know all . criswell wink . CUT to : int . mocambo room - night Latin horn blast onstage of this hopping ' 5 os nightclub . cigarette girl roam about . seat at a front table be Ed , bela , and criswell 's group . everyone 's plaster and laugh . criswell shout above the din at a waiter . criswell bring I two more beefeater martinis . Eddie will have another whiskey , dagmar 's a rum-and - coke , moustapha and King be chablis -- hey bela , would you like a wine ? bela no . I never drink -- wine . the whole table crack up . bela cheer up . Ed turn to criswell . ed hey cris , how would you know we would be live on Mars by 1970 ? how would you know it would not be 1975 , or even 1980 ? criswell I guess . ed I do not understand . criswell I make it up . it 's horseshit ! Ed 's jaw drop . criswell there 's no such thing as a psychic . people believe my folderol because I wear a turban and a black tuxedo . ed it 's that easy ? criswell Eddie , we be in show biz ! it 's all about razzle - dazzle . appearance . if you dress nice and talk well , people will swallow anything . criswell smile knowingly . Ed nod at this profound wisdom . CUT to : ext . brown derby - night we be outside the legendary hat -shape restaurant . a large eldorado pull up , and a conservative man and he plump wife step out and approach the doorman . conservative man Excuse I . we be here for the Wood party . doorman ah , that would be in the venetian room , sir . the couple raise they eyebrow . they be impressed . int . brown derby - night a large banner say " bride of the atom - next year smash hit ! " in a private back room , Ed be throw a lavish backer party . all he riff-raff friend be dress in tuxedo and gowns , strutting about with flute of champagne like they be extras in " the great gatsby . " bewildere potential backer wander around . Ed shmooze they . ed we be gonna have the most terrifying monster ever see on film ! a ghastly creature create from a atomic mutation ! backer' wife I do not like scary movie . I go more for one with love storey . ed ( without drop a beat ) well that 's what this movie be ... a heartbreaking romance ! it 's about a young reporter , Janet lawton , in love with a young cop , Dick Craig . across the room conrad and Paul sit in a corner . conrad have a shoe off and be scratch he foot . Ed alarmedly run over . ed what do you think you be doin ' ?! conrad this shoe be itchy . ed you can not sit ! you gotta walk around , with good posture . you want this people to think we have class . otherwise they will never invest in we movie . across the party two amazed backer have they hand around Tor 's giant arm . amazed backer bernie , get a load of this guy ! tor ( proud of he size ) bicep 22 ! chest 62 ! stomach 54 ! amazed backer whew ! you be quite a specimen . ( beat ) and you be gonna be in the picture ? tor yes . I play lobo ! across the room a excited hick backer shake bela 's hand . hick backer Mr. lugosi , I can not believe I be meeting you in person . this be one of the most exciting moment of my life . bela thank you . and you be ? hick backer Charlie Johnson ! I manufacture toothpaste tube . across the party criswell strut in the b.g. , talk to someone . criswell I predict " bride of the atom " will be the biggest moneymaker of all time ! in the f.g. , Ed introduce dolore to a southern backer . ed and this be lovely starlet dolore fuller , who will play Janet lawton . southern backer and how much will this picture cost ? ed in a normal studio it would be half - a-million , with all they wasteful overhead and fancy office . but because we be more efficient , we can bring it in for seventy grand ! southern backer hmm . well I will consider it ... ext . brown derby - later that night Ed and he buddy wave goodbye to the depart backer . ed Goodbye ! Goodbye ! bela ( to Ed ) so how would we do ? ed ( fake a big smile , but sotto voce to bela ) we do not make a dime . in the parking lot a valet hand the car key to the Conservative backer . valet that 's twenty - five cent , sir . the man glance at he wife . she shrug . wife I give all my money to the babysitter . the man grimace . he check he pocket , pull out a handful of pennie , and count they out ... CUT to : ext . ed and dolores' backyard - day Ed sit in a chaise lounge by the pool , study papers and drink shot of whiskey . he 's in a woman 's pantsuit and fuzzy slipper . dolore march out . dolore Ed , the landlord call again . he want he money . ed tell he " bride " be in pre- production . dolore Ed , the landlord do not care . ed that 's the problem ! nobody care about my movie ! I be tryin ' so hard , I do not know what else to do ! dolore do not get angry at I . maybe you just need a day job . ed ( upset ) dolore , do not you understand ? I be a director now ! I make " Glen or glenda . " directing be my day job . dolore ( irate ) all I know be , ever since " Glen or glenda , " all you do be booze it up and wear my clothes ! suddenly Paul hesitantly step through the back gate . paul marco uh , yoo -hoo . Excuse I ! sorry to interrupt , but I get some big news . ed ( dour ) yeah ...? paul marco well my cousin Fred meet this dame from back East . she 's from " old money , " and he think she 's load . and here 's the kicker : she 's very interested in the picture business ! angle - ed he slowly smile . it 's like sun break through rain cloud . CUT to : ext . restaurant patio - day we be at a fancy outdoor brunch . Ed be shaking hand with pretty loretta king , 25 , a pale brunette in a classy dress . loretta please to meet you . I be Loretta King . ed I understand you just move here ? loretta yes . Hollywood be oh so exciting . a waiter walk over , with a water pitcher . waiter Water , ma'am ? loretta ( suddenly freaking out ) no ! no water ! no liquid ! I be terribly allergic to they ! the waiter be bewilder . he hurry away . Ed lean in . ed so my associate Mr. Marco tell I you may be interested in invest in a motion picture . loretta perhaps a small amount of money . ( she smile ) how much do one of you motion picture cost ? ed for this one , we need $ 60,000 . loretta that 's all ?? that seem very reasonable for a entire picture . Ed perk up . she 's a live one ! Ed pull a script from he briefcase and hand it to she . ed perhaps you would like to look at the photoplay . loretta oh my , this be very interesting . ( she skim the page ) say ... do you think it would be possible for I to maybe play one of this part ? ed ( very enthuse ) oh , of course !! there 's a couple character you would be perfect for : the secretary at the newspaper office , or the file clerk ! loretta hmm . that sound kind of small . ( stop at a page ) oh , here 's one that look good : Janet lawton . I would sure like to play she . Ed blanch . ed j- Janet lawton ??? loretia yes , Janet layton be clearly the part to play . she 's get some real meaty scene ! can not you just see I in that part ?? cu - ed he be aghast . what a stomach - churn decision . he stare at Loretta , then slowly croak a response . ed uh ... yeah ... ( beat ) you would be perfect . CUT to : ext . ed and dolores' house - day we hear dish be violently throw . dolore scream inside . dolore ( o.s . ) you bastard ! you two -time , dress - wear son-of-a-bitch !! int . house - same time dolore be cry and scream angrily . Ed duck the object she hurl at he . ed it be the only way I could get the movie make ! dolore who do you think 's be pay the rent ?! who help type you script , and do all you grunt work ?! ed I be sorry ! what do you want I to say ? dolore I want you to say , " no ! I write the part for my girlfriend dolore . " ed but there 's plenty of other part . dolore like what ?! ed ( nervous ) the secretary . or the file clerk . dolore be stunne . dolore you asshole ! she hurl a pot at ed. whack ! it slam he in the head . CUT to : int . soundstage - day the set be be erect for " bride of the atom " ! the crew hurry about the small stage , as Ed energetically supervise . he have a large band - aid on he head . ed this be gonna be bela 's laboratory , so it should be real impressive ! like one of that mad scientist movie . I want beaker , and test tube , and one of that electrical thing that buzze ! bunny you mean a tesla coil ? ed if you say so . Tor lumber over , in he rip lobo outfit . his face have fake gash - up scar . Tor hold the script . tor edvard ! I haf question ' bout script . my vife greta , she read . and she no like . ed really ? be the third act too intense ? tor ( try to be polite ) no . she tink lobo be waste of my time . lobo do not talk . ed but Tor , it 's a star part ! you be second bill . tor bela , he talk . Loretta , she talk . but Tor , he no talk . Ed think . he quickly put a spin on this . ed Tor , dialogue be overrate . you look at the classic film actor , who be they ? fairbank . chaplin . they do not talk ! they do it all with they face . tor ( still bother ) but greta say -- Loretta walk over , hold two dress . loretta Eddie , which dress do you like better ? ed I do not know . ( he yell o.s . ) hey Bill , which dress be better for you , the green or the red one ? cameraman Bill be stand at the camera . he squint . cameraman bill which one be the red one ? ed ( confuse ) what do you mean ? cameraman bill I mean I can not see the difference . I be color-blind . ( beat ) but I like the dark gray one . wipe to : later the crew be shoot on a spooky castle foyer set . ed action ! bela enter , wear a lab coat costume . as he slowly cross , the old man rub he hand fiendishly . Ed yell live direction through a megaphone . ed okay , you be Dr. Eric vornoff . you be upset . you have work so hard on this experisent , and you do not want to see it fail . ( bela stop , to " emote " ) no , you be not that upset . you want to keep move . you wanna cross the room . ( bela exit ) okay , CUT ! beautiful ! print it ! Ed clap he hand triumphantly . ed alright , let 's go immediately to scene 52 . Tor , be you in place ? tor' voice yah . ed okay , cue rainstorm ! behind the window , conrad pour a water can . ed and roll camera ! action ! Tor enter , but can barely squeeze he bulk through the door . finally he enter . Ed yell through the segaphone . ed okay , you be lobo . you be upset . you have work so hard help Dr. vornoff on this experiment , and you do not want to see it fail . ( Tor stop , to " emote " ) no , you be not that upset . you want to keep move . you wanna cross the room . ( Tor exit ) okay , CUT ! perfect ! print it ! off stage bela talk to tor. bela at universal , they shot two scene a day . Eddie can knock off twenty or thirty ! he 's incredible . back on set cameraman Bill lean in to ed. cameraman bill hey Ed , should not we do another take ? Big baldy kinda get stick in the doorway . ed no , it 's fine . it 's real ! in actuality , lobo would struggle with that problem every day . wipe to : laboratory set - later they be back on the complete lab set . Beyond the bunsen burner and beaker be a kitchenette in the corner . ed wow , this lab look great . except why be there a stove and refrigerator ? paul marco we could not afford any more prop . if it seem weird , maybe you can add a scene where they eat dinner . ed Nah , it will work . where 's bela ? bela be asleep on a couch . Ed nudge he . ed bela , be you ready ? bela ( he groggily wake up ) mmph ? where be I ? ed you be shoot " bride of the atom . " scene 85 . bela nod . he stand up , then grimace in pain . so he pull two bright little pill from he pocket and swallow they . Ed walk bela onto the lab set . ed you will be sit on the right . bela ( he glare at the sparking tesla coil ) I be not get near that goddamn thing . one of that burn I on " the return of chandu . " ed okay . then you will be sit on the leave . Ed turn to Tor and Loretta . she wear a wedding gown . ed here 's the scene . Loretta , you be in a trance . you glide in and get on the operate table . now Tor , you be suppose to tie she down . but you have a angora fetish ... and when you rub that swatch of angora , it make you refuse so bela have to discipline you . tor okey -dokey . wipe to : shoot - later the scene begin . ed action ! bela ( as vornoff ) " now we be ready for the girl . " bela do he patent hypnotic arm wave . he actually have a powerful intensity . Loretta stagger in , eye glaze . like a zombie , she climb onto the operate table . bela " dear , you be a woman of super strength and beauty . a lovely vision of exquisitely beauty -- shit ! " ( he break character ) damn ! Eddie , I be sorry I can not remember all this . I be a old man . it 's too long . ed that 's fine , bela . we be still roll . just say " dear , you be lovely . " bela ( he snap back into character ) " dear , you be lovely . " ( he turn to Tor ) " strap she to the table . " Tor start to tie Loretta down , then get distract by a piece of angora hook to he waist . he rub it lovingly , calm , then suddenly refuse . bela be furious . bela " do as I command you ! " bela pull out a oversize bullwhip and start whipping Tor . Tor scream in agony . bela " I will teach you to disobey I ! " bela chase Tor around the set , whipping he . ed and , CUT !!! impeccable ! on tor he dance about happily . tor I love be movie star ! Tor jubilantly hug Loretta . she grimace . loretta ow . not so hard , Tor . on ed a surly stage manager stride over to ed. surly stage manager hey , Wood . you check bounce . ed okay , I will get you the money later . surly stage manager no . I need it now . Ed nod grimly . he grab Loretta and take she aside . ed sorry to bother you while we be shoot , but the guy who own the stage need he money . loretta well then you should pay he , should not you ? ed ( he smile ) yeah . exactly ! there 's a pause . they stare at each other . ed I kinda need it now . loretta ( baffle ) what be you look at I like that for ? I already give you my three hundred . ed yeah . well I need the other sixty - thousand . loretta what other sixty - thousand ? ed the other sixty - thousand you say you would give I . loretta you misunderstand . I give you everything I have in the world : Three - hundred dollar . closeup - ed he look like he 's go to throw up . ed oh my god. CUT to : ext . soundstage - day the large stage door slam shut . Ed 's disorient cast and crew stand in the street . bela , Tor , and Loretta be still in costume . Ed look totally daze . he blink in the bright sunlight . CUT to : int . brown derby - night we be back at the Brown derby , for another backer party . the same banner be hang : " bride of the atom -- next year smash hit ! " the whole crowd be there , dress up . bela sit in the corner , knock back a drink . bela here we go again . Paul whisper to Bunny . paul marco so be dolore come ? bunny ( very catty ) I can not imagine why . I would not put up with a boyfriend who sell I out for three - hundred dollar ...! on ed Ed stand with a circle of potential backer . he have a edge of desperation we have never see before . ed ... lemme tell you , you can not lose . it 's scary ! and if you do not like that , it 's romantic ! bela lugosi portray Dr. vornoff , and lovely ingenue Loretta King be reporter Janet lawton . potential backer hmm . lugosi look pretty old . ( he squint across the room ) which role be vampira play ? ed vampira ...? ( bewilder ) why do you ask ?? potential backer well I see she stand over there . the guy point . Ed turn and look and vampira be stand in the next room . she 's at a different party . ed well ... she 's play -- ( beat ) could you excuse I one moment ?? Ed dash from the room . next room over vampira be drink with a bunch of artsy - fartsy type . she 's in street clothes , but clearly recognizable . Ed run up . ed Excuse I , miss vampira ? vampira yes ? ed ( sweaty ) you do not know I , but my name be Ed Wood . I be a film producer . I be currently in production on a science - fiction piece , with bela lugosi and swedish wrestler Tor Johnson . and I see you here , and I think : kismet ! vampira stare , totally uncomprehend . vampira I do not understand . do you want my autograph ? ed no . I think my film be perfect for you . vampira you want I to show it on my tv program ? well I get nothing to do with that . you should call up the station manager at Channel Seven -- ed ( unyield ) no ! I do not want you to show the movie , I want you to be in it ! see , maybe I should explain : we start shoot , but then after three day we get shut down . so we be have a backer party , to raise some more money . perhaps you would like to come next door and meet some of the backer ...? vampire glance at she friend . they uncomfortably turn away . vampira uh , look , I be with some friend , and we be about to eat -- ed ( begging ) please ! it will only take a minute . you can have some hor d'oeuvre , and meet my backer ! there 's a really nice dentist from oxnard ... vampira ( piss off ) look buddy , I be a big star . I have get real offer from real studio . I do not need to blow some dentist for a part . so forget it ! back at the party the backer glance into the next room . Ed be in front of vampira , begging on he hand and knee . backer ( to another backer ) I be get a bad feel about this . let 's get out of here . the backer pick up they coat . through the doorway , Ed see this . he jump up and frantically run back in . ed where be you guy go ?! you can not leave ! backer ( run out ) Goodbye , Mr. Wood . ed ( insane ) you can not go ! you have not see the storyboard ! the backer run out of the room . they be go . Ed shout after they . ed Fine ! screw you ! if you do not have the ball to roll the dice , then I do not want you stinking money !! no response . ed please , come back ! CUT to : ext . ed and dolore ' house - day Ed and dolore be be evict . they belonging be scattered in front . they bitterly carry furniture out of the house . Ed stumble and slur he speech . he be drunk . ed goddamn landlord . dolore I tell you this be gonna happen . ed maybe if you would come to the backer party , I would have get the money . dolore that 's moronic . why would a bit player impress a backer ? ed ( he start yell ) look , how many time can I say I be sorry ? I blow it ! I think she be rich . dolore that 's a good reason to dump you girlfriend . ed I do not dump you ! get it through you skull -- I just recast the part ! Ed drop the furniture . he flop onto the sidewalk . dolore you be a fuckin ' mess . ed so what ?? look , we gotta figure out where we be gonna stay . dolore I be go to my mother 's . ed do she have room for I ? dolore shake she head . dolore I think you should stay with one of you friend . CUT to : ext . towering temple - night Ed and bela stroll through a parking lot . Ed be sober up and remorseful . bela wear a beret and smoke a huge cigar . ed bela , I do not know what I be doin ' anymore ... bela stop worry . this be go to raise you spirit . they reach the strange entrance to a avant - garde , Eastern base quasi-religious temple . bela put out he cigar , and they enter the oversize door . int . temple - same time sphinx and bodhisatvas peer down from the marble wall . a service be in progress . a wiry , enigmatic lecturer speak . lecturer thou eternal sun , who have cover the consciousness with thy golden disc , do thou remove the veil so that I may see the truth within ? bela lead Ed to a seat , step past man in fezze and odd elderly woman in fur coat . as the lecture continue , Ed whisper in bafflement . ed what be this place ? bela this be the philosophical Research Society . a refuge for free thinker . I have be come here for twenty year . lecturer ... for the truth which be within thee be within I . and I be Truth . bela most people in this country , they know nothing , about Eastern mysticism . they be afraid of it . ( beat ) but I be open-minded . it give I hope . lecturer we have the wisdom to govern and the divine right to inherit the earth in good condition . we have the power to build world . Ed lean in to bela . ed be I wrong to cast Loretta ? bela bad decision be easy to live with . forget . just keep look forward . ed but be it a bad decision ? at the time , I think she money would save the movie . bela Eddie , you screw up . ed ( he nod ) yeah , I do . CUT to : later the lecture be over . the speaker shake hand with people . bela lead Ed along . bela in life , the decision that haunt you be the one where you just do not know ... where right or wrong will never be answer . ( beat ) year ago , the hungarian contact I . the government want I to come home , to be Minister of Culture . ed really ? bela it be a very impressive offer . Fancy office , a big home ... I would be treat like a king . ed so why do not you do it ? bela I do not know if it be a trick . they might arrest I and throw I in a gulag . ( pause ) I be hungary 's most famous emigrant . they would use I as a lesson to anyone who try to leave . ed but maybe not . bela correct . so instead , I stay here , wait for my comeback . always hope ... the next film , the next film ... that would be the one . they reach the exit . Ed stop in the huge doorway . ed you next film . that will be the one . bela smile sweetly . CUT to : int . mccoy meatpacking plant - day we be in a noisy meat-cack plant . worker in blood-stain apron slam cleaver into hunk of beef . Ed walk down a aisle with donald E. mccoy , a wealthy Texan meat man . Old man mccoy be a tough - talk , tobacco-chewing , straight shooter . ed ... and then Dr. vornoff fall in the pit , and he own octopus attack and eat he ! the end . old man mccoy whew ! that 's quite a story . so you make the movie , and now you want to make it again ? ed ( gently correct he ) no . we shot ten minute of the movie , and now we be look for completion fund . old man mccoy Son , you be too vague . I come from the world of business . I need to know what I get for my investment . ed movie be very popular . you could make a lot of money . old man mccoy yeah , but most of them flop , do not they ? what be I tangibly guarantee ? ed well ... you get " executive producer " credit . old man mccoy that do not mean diddley . ( he suddenly shout angrily ) billy bob ! you be cut them too lean . mccoy grab a cleaver from a worker and slam it into a chop . ed Mr. mccoy , how can I make you happy ? old man mccoy cut to the chase , heh ? that 's good ! that 's very good . mccoy spit he tobacco . old man mccoy okay , two thing . number one : I want the movie to end with a big explosion . Sky full of smoke . ed but the story end with Dr. vornoff fall in the pit -- old man mccoy not anymore . and number two : I have get a son . he 's a little slow -- but a good boy . and something tell I he would make a hell of a lead man ... under Ed 's cheery freeze smile , he face clearly fall . CUT to : int . salt lake CITY auditorium - night we be at a rowdy wrestle match . Tor Johnson be in the middle of a scream , four-man tag - team event . Tor throws he opponent to the ground ; then tag with he partner and go to the corner . suddenly a wrestling coach run up , drag a telephone on a very long cord . wrestling coach Tor , you get a phone call ! tor heh ? now ? wrestling coach they say it be a emergency ! he hand sweaty Tor the phone . Tor speak into it . tor hallo ? ed' voice Tor , this be Ed ! glad I could find you ! I get the money , and we resume shoot tomorrow morning ! tor but I be in Utah . ed' voice then you will have to drive all night ! I be count on you , big guy . Breakfast be at seven . click . Ed hang up . Tor be flabbergasted . CUT to : int . soundstage - early morning " bride of the atom " be back in production ! Ed 's stock company be reunite . people drink coffee and gossip . paul marco this be unbelievable ! I woulda bet a million buck that Ed would not finish this picture . cameraman bill it be not finish yet . anything could happen . the stage door open and stand there , in silhouette , be dolore . everybody quiet . people glance nervously at Loretta . bunny uh-oh . stay out of scratch distance . at dolore Ed run over . dolore be beautifully make - up , and wear a furry angora sweater . Ed speak , awkwardly . ed honey , you make it ! I be not sure you get my message . dolore ( icy ) of course I be here . today be the file clerk 's big scene . ed that 's right ... dolore I see the usual gang of misfit and dope addict be here . ( she look around ) say , who 's the lug ? in a corner , stand by himself , be dumb tony mccoy , Old man mccoy 's worthless son . he 's a good - look , moody hunk . tony be practice he line from a script , but he 's terribly stiff . tony " now Janet , I want you straying away -- oop -- stay away from the old willow place . " Ed shrug . ed that 's tony mccoy . he 's play Lieutenant Dick Craig . dolore oh really ? how much money do he put up ? ed none. ( beat ) but he dad give I fifty grand . dolore ( snide ) Wood production . the mark of quality . ed hey , the movie 's get make . that 's the main thing . dolore shake she head contemptuously . then she stride off . Ed stand alone , feel bad . wipe to : on stage the set be a one - wall " office hallway " : a doorway and a water cooler . Loretta sit in a make - up chair , as Harry work on she . dolore ( o.s. ) hey Harry -- long time no see . Harry turn , surprised . dolore stand behind he . there 's a thick tension . he smile anxiously . make - up man harry hi dolore ... loreta oh , you be dolore ?! I have hear so much about you ! I be Loretta King . ( she chipperly jump up ) here , take the chair . dolore ( bitchy ) do not be silly -- let Harry finish . you still need more work . loretta no , I be do . all I need be a touch -up . dolore mm , that mole still show . Loretta frown . Ed quickly step in . ed lady ! you both look fine . why do not we talk about the scene ? ( beat ) okay . Janet lawton have discover that Dr. vornoff buy the old willow estate . so now she want to prove that all the monster storey be true . dolore nod sourly . she 's in a trouble - make mood . dolore Eddie , what 's my motivation ? ed ( throw off ) oh. er ... well you be the file clerk . you be hurry into the next room , when you bump into Janet . dolore but what 's we relationship ? be we good friend , or be she just a casual acquaintance ? ed ( annoyed ) dolore , I get five day to shoot this movie . quit kid around . wipe to : int . screening room - night we be watch dailies . project on screen , a camera assistant clap the slate . we hear Ed yell : " action ! " Loretta hurry down the hallway . dolore see she run past and shout out . dolore ( as file clerk ) " Janet , the boss have be look for you . " loretta ( as Janet lawton ) " thanks . " Loretta run out . dolore just stand there . we hear Ed : " CUT ! perfect ! " dolore turn deadpan to the camera . dolore of course it be . the film run out . on the audience the screen room light come up on the crew . Ed sit in gloomy haze . suddenly , there 's loud clapping from the back of the room . criswell bravo ! bravo ! magnifico ! ed ( he smile ) cris , you make it . thanks a lot . criswell my pleasure . I be always happy to assist in a little larceny . CUT to : int . cadillac - night g pink cadillac convertible race down the Ed and criswell be in front , and Tor , conrad and Paul to the back . tor my head be cold . criswell you know how much this car cost I ? conrad ten thousand dollar . criswell one dollar ! miss mae West herself sell it to I . she say , cris , you belong in a pink cadillac ! criswell turn to Ed . criswell incidentally , you promise you be not go to scratch my car ...? ed ( cocky ) I tell you , the octopus be make of rubber . this be a piece o' cake . ext . republic studio - night the five man climb over a fence . they be break into Republic studios . Paul be panicked . paul marco Ed , you say you be get permission . ed uh , I could not reach the guy ... he be in meeting all day . but this will be great , I promise ! Ed smile at conrad . conrad shrug . Tor struggle . tor I be no good at climbink . Tor give up , and simply bash through the lock gate . everyone be amaze . Tor laugh . tor I be good at bashink !! criswell hey , keep it down . my publicist will throttle I if we get catch . they all sneak across the shadowy lot . remnant of old scary set tower over they . outside a soundstage they reach a stage door . Ed try it -- but it 's lock . ed oh . I think they keep this open . a pause . everyone look at Tor . he grin . tor lobo will fix ! Tor grab the heavy door and easily snap the lock . int . soundstage - same time this place be the mythic eclectic prop room . guillotine , rocketship , a stuff vulture ... strange mysterious prop from untold movie loom everywhere in the darkness . it 's a place of wonderment and fear . the man stare in awe . conrad wow . paul marco this place give se the creep . let 's get the hell out of here . ed not so fast . first we have to get it down . Ed gesture above . everyone glance straight up . there Pov a giant octopus be lash to the ceiling . CUT to : later conrad and criswell be way up on the catwalk , hold onto dangle Paul by he belt . Paul lean way out , reach for the octopus . he shout nervously . paul marco you be sure this be gonna work ? ed ( o.s. ) yes ! paul marco you be sure ??? ed ( o.s. ) yes ! just do it ! wide view stand straight below be Tor . the swede have he arm outstretch , wait . Ed supervise a good distance away . he motion to Paul . Paul gulp , then unty the octopus . it drop incredibly fast . the thing must weigh half a ton . Tor 's eye widen . and the octopus smashes straight on top of he . bam ! Tor be go from sight . one of the eight tentacles snap off . up in the catwalk criswell moan . criswell oh my God . we kill he . on the ground Ed run to the octopus and look for Tor underneath . ed Tor ! be you okay ?! a beat . and then the octopus flip over . Tor sit up , batter but smile . tor bedder than wrestlink ! ext . republic studio - night the five man hurry across the lot , carry the hubongous octopus on they shoulder . suddenly , a flashlight shine on they . angry voice hey ! what be you do ?! the man jump with fear . they break into a fast waddling run . criswell thank God Tor break the fence . the team run through the bust gate and escape . ext . studio - night the cadillac screech away . the octopus flop on top of the five man . wipe to : ext . griffith park - night the movie crew be set up for a big night shoot . light and generator be sprawle across this isolate area . tony mccoy perches goofily on he own personalize chair . he run line by himself . tony " now Janet , I want you stay away from the old willow place . " the octopus lay in a dry - up riverbed . there 's only about a inch of water . Ed yell at conrad . ed you do not understand ! the octopus be suppose to live in a lake ! conrad this be kind of a stream -- ed no ! it have to be underwater ! Ed storm away . conrad scratch he head . in a dusty parking lot bela sit inertly in the back of a open car . he weakly hail over Ed . bela Eddie , I be so tired ... I do not know if I can handle a night shoot ... ed nonsense ! you look great -- ( suddenly he catch himself ; he speak more sincerely ) look , uh , why do not you lie down and take a little nap ? we will film around you for a while . ed thanks , buddy ... Ed smile warmly , then walk off . bela stare after he , then absent- mindedly search through he pocket . finally , he find what he 's look for -- a rubber tube . bela look to make sure no one 's around , then tie the tube around he upper arm ... at the set - later Crew member have damme up the end of the river , and Bunny fill it with a hose . there be now a foot of water . Ed stand at the shore , admire it . ed hey . this be look good ! ( he turn to Paul ) Paul , where 's the octopus motor ? paul marco what octopus motor ? ed you know , to make the leg move -- paul marco ( defensive ) hey , do not blame I ! you do not say anything about no motor when I be up on that ceiling ! bela stumble up , with a daze smile . bela let 's shoot this fucker ! where do I go ? ed you will be fight with the octopus . bela out there ?! ( he point at the water ) what happen to the stream ? ed this will look a lot better . we have to match the stock footage of the octopus underwater . bela oh , for Christ 's sake . bela roll up he pants and wade out , into the water . he scream . bela goddamn , it 's cold ! ed once you be in it , it warm up . bela fuck you ! you come out here . ( beat ) hey , toss I that j.d . a crew member throw bela a bottle of Jack Daniels . bela pop the cap and chug half the bottle in one swig . he lick he lip , then climb onto the octopus . bela okay ! how do we turn this thing on ? ed bela , somebody misplace the motor . so when you wrestle the octopus , shake the leg a bit , to make it look like it 's kill you . bela stare , deadpan . bela do you know I turn down " frankenstein " ? ed huh ? bela after I do " dracula , " the studio offer I " frankenstein " ! but I turn it down , the part be not sexy enough . it be too degrade for a big star like I . the crew glance at ed. ed bela , I have get twenty - five scene to shoot tonight . bela do not let I slow you down . ed alright ! let 's put it on film . camera ! SOUND ! bela take another swig of j.d. , then throw it off -camera . ed action ! bela start flail around the octopus leg and scream in horror . this image be truly ridiculous . Ed be pleased . some crew member nod : pretty good . ed and CUT ! everybody cheer . then suddenly the dam wall burst . whoosh ! the water rush from the lake and flood the park below . wipe to : ext . dinky soundstages - early morning Crew member straggle in for the final shoot . everybody look bleary - eye from last night . Ed stand cheerily at the entrance , greeting they . ed c'mon ! just one more day ! just have some coffee , you will feel better ! tony stagger up . tony Mr. Wood , I only get one hour of sleep . ed yeah ? well I get no sleep , and I feel great ! Ed see bela slowly shuffle along . Ed run over to he . ed bela . I just wanna thank you again for last night . bela ( exhaust ) that 's fine , Eddie . all in the line of duty . ed no. seriously . I want you to know how much I appreciate what you have do for I . a great man like you should not have to run around in freezing water at four in the morning . bela well , there be not too many other fella I would do it for ... ed ( he smile , then pull out a script page ) I write something special for you . I get to think about all the sacrifice you have make ... and so I write you a new final speech . Ed hand he the paper . bela start read it , as Ed watch anxiously . bela be very touch . bela ( still read ) Eddie , this be quite a scene . ed I know it 's a lot to give you at the last second . bela look up . bela this line -- I will have no problem remember . wipe to : int . soundstage - day they be shoot . Ed watch off -camera , as bela act a somber scene with a actor play professor strowski , a threaten european . strowski " we government want you to return ... to continue you experiment there . where you can have everything at you disposal . " bela ( as vornoff ) " my dear Professor strowski , twenty year ago I be ban from my home land . I be class as a madman -- a charlatan -- outlaw in the world of science which previously honore I as a genius ! " ( he get very subdued ) " now here in this forsaken jungle hell , I have prove that I be alright . " strowski " yes , the authority have learn how correct you finding be . so I be here -- send to bring you home . " bela ( impassion ) " Home . I have no home . hunted ... despise ... live like a animal -- the jungle be my home ! but I will show the world that I can be its master . I shall perfect my own race of people -- a race of atomic supermen that will conquer the world ! " it 's a incredible performance of crown tragedy . bela be totally drain . cu - ed he be very move . he whisper , barely audible . ed cut . it 's a wrap . CUT to : int . meat packing plant - night the wrap party be be throw in the meat pack plant . people laugh and shout and carry on . Tor pour booze in the punch . r&amp ; B music play . Old man mccoy dance with Loretta . Bunny dance with a young stud . dolore stand by herself . bela and criswell be giggle . criswell so you sleep in coffin ?! bela yes . there be nothing more comfortable . criswell I can not believe this ! I sleep in coffin ! bela no. criswell yes ! my father run a mortuary -- it 's a old habit ! they clink beer . ext . meat packing plant - same time outside , vampira and two girl friend walk up . they peer at a tin sign . girlfriend # 1 " mccoy meat pack " ? be you sure there 's a party here ? vampira ( hold a invitation ) yeah , I get this invitation . it 's a " bride of the atom " party , whatever that mean . they open the large steel door , and inside be the wild bash . int . party across the room , Paul and conrad chat . paul marco " Glen or glenda , " now that be a hell of a picture . conrad well , this new one 's gonna be a hundred time better . paul marco be that possible ? dolore overhear this . she stare in disbelief . at the turntable someone change the record . brassy stripper music begin . a door open , and Ed strut out , in full gaudy drag . everybody turn . they start whistling and hollaring . Ed grin , and start into a wacky bump -and -grind . voice go , baby , go ! Bunny run up and stick a dollar bill between Ed 's fake tit . people laugh hysterically . dolore be appal . Ed shimmy to the music , blow kiss all around . he see vampira and wave . vampira 's jaw drop in recognition . vampira I do not believe it . it 's he ! Ed sashays up to bela and dance a few step with he . the music be building to a climax . Ed hurry off to center stage -- and as the music end , he do a final swing of he hip , then suddenly yank out he tooth ! this bring down the house . everyone stamp they foot and clap crazily . angle - dolore everyone , except dolore . suddenly , she explode . dolore you people be insane ! take a look around -- you be all freak ! the room quiet . dolore have snap . dolore you be waste you life make shit ! nobody care ! this movie be terrible ! ( beat ) I can not take it any longer ! the group be shocked . nobody speak . dolore run out of the party . Ed just stand , dumbstruck . then he chase after she , in he high heel and dress . ext . meat packing plant - same time dolore run across the parking lot , in tear . Ed catch up with she . ed dolore , wait ! dolore Ed , it 's over . I need a normal life . ed ( hurt ) do you really mean that thing you say ..? dolore stop . dolore I be tired of live on the fringe . ed but you use to say -- dolore Ed ... I just stick it out so you could finish you movie . ( pause ) now that it 's do , so be I . she turn and walk away . Ed be crush . he stand motionless , in he dress , in the dark . CUT to : int . ed' new apartment - day Ed 's new home be a single apartment , still fill with move box . half - eat plate of food be scattered about . Ed lie asleep in bed , unshaven , in the middle of the day . the phone ring . Ed awaken and woozily answer it . ed yeah ... tor ( on phone ) Ed , dit I wake you ? it 's two in avternoon . ed no , I be just doin ' a little work ... tor ( on phone ) bullchit ! you be like dis too many day . I want to cheer you up . ext . tor be house - night Ed drive he nash though a tract Valley neighborhood and reach Tor 's little house . Ed get out , still look groggy . he walk up the tulip-line path and ring the doorbell . clange swedish chime bong inside . the door fly open , and Tor appear , beam . tor edvard , you come ! Tor give Ed a back - break hug . int . tor be house - same time Ed step in . the house be fill with cuckoo clock and little swedish knick -knack . Tor gesture proudly . tor I be so happy you visit . meet my family ! greta , Karl , and connie ! three colossal people lumber out . Tor have the large family we have ever see . not fat -- but big -bon . greta be Tor 's gigantic swedish wife , and karl and connie be they two elephantine child . they adlib greeting : " hallo ! " " welcome ! " " be a pleasure ! " Ed can not believe what he 's see . int . dine room - night everyone noisily eat dinner . the table look like a smorgasbord . entire ham , turkey , a full case of beer , incredible quantity be be shovele in . Tor empty a beer in one gulp , then open another . connie pass the meatball . karl this strudel be delicious , mama . Ed be stupefy . he pick at a little dainty serve . tor hey ! you be not eatink . ed uh , I do not have much of a appetite lately . tor the food will make you feel bedder . look at I -- I be da happiest guy I know ! all the johnson chuckle . ed I would be happy too , if I have such a great family . tor do not worry . you just have not meet right woman yet . ( beat ) oopsy . that cabbage go right through I . Tor stand and hurry from the room . Ed awkwardly make conversation . ed greta , you husband be a terrific actor . you should come down and visit the set . greta I do not think so . ed no , it 's really no problem at all ! greta ( steely ) I do not approve of what you do with my husband Tor . he be not a monster . this horror picture be humiliate . Ed have no response . suddenly -- crash ! there 's a loud o.s. slam , fall porcelain , then Tor shout furiously in swedish . tor ( o.s. ) ouch ! goddammit ! Earl and connie begin giggle . Ed be totally baffle . Tor run out , angrily hold a broken toilet seat . it be split in two . tor look , it happen again ! Ed be boggle -ey . this house be sadness . ed Tor , I should be get home . tor nonsense ! you must try we hot glug . dissolve to : later it 's very late . Tor and Ed sit in the live room , drink from a steaming pot of hot still wine . they be smashed . tor my friend , you tink greta be first woman I ever see ? no ! many dud , before I find she . ed but I think I and dolore have something . tor forget she ! move on . a good lookink boy like you as you can have any girl you wish . Tor finish he glug , and then he eye roll back into he head , and he fall off the couch . he start snoring . Ed stare at Tor , then get up . Ed turn off the light and go home . CUT to : int . ed' apartment - late night Ed smoke a cigarette and watch tv . on the tv vampira be do she shtick . vampira ( on tv ) ooo ! that be so scary , it give I goosebump . ( someone quack os . ; she pretend to be angry ) no , dummy ! I do not say " goose , " I say " goosebump . " ugh ! well , be sure to join I next week , for " the mummy curse . " until then ... pleasant nightmare . vampira blow a kiss , then disappear into the mist . a used car commercial abruptly come on . on ed he stare at the tv , then pick up the phone . CUT to : int . tv studio - same time vampira be walk off stage . she remove she black wig . vampira God , we need some better joke on this show . a production assistant carry over a phone . assistant vampira , you get a phone call . vampira at this hour ? ( she take the phone ) hello ? ed' voice vampira ! hi , this be Ed Wood . vampira who ? ed' voice Ed Wood ! you come to my party . I direct " bride of the atom " ! vampira oh. yeah . you . Ed pause , nervously . ed' voice well , I be wonder if maybe sometime you would like to go out , and maybe grab some dinner . vampira you mean like a date ? I think you be a fag . ed' voice I ?! no , uh , I be just a transvestite . vampira be not that the same thing ? ed' voice no , no ! I like girl . so how ' bout Friday ? vampira ( uncomfortable ) look , you seem like a nice guy , Ed , but you be just not my type . ( beat ) but keep in touch . let I know when you movie open . CUT back to : closeup - ed click . the phone hang up . poor Ed just stand there , forlorn . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - day Ed shuffles down the street , Mr. Lonely guy , feel sorry for himself . he glance in a coffee shop , and see a sweet young woman inside . her name be norma mccarty . she wear a bow in she hair , Mary Jane shoe , and a fuzzy white angora sweater . Ed 's eye widen . int . coffee shop - same time innocent Norma sit by herself , eat . ed' voice Excuse I . be that angora ? Norma look up . stand over she be Ed , smile . norma why ... yes . ed do not you think angora have a tactile sensuality lack in all other clothing ? norma I suppose . it 's very expensive . ed it 's make from specially - breed rabbit that live in the himalayas . norma what be you , a angora wholesaler ? ed no , I work in picture . I be a director-actor- writer - producer . norma ( she laugh ) ah , c'mon ! nobody do all that . ed two people do . Orson Welles and I . norma wow . ed you know , you be a very attractive girl . Norma blushes . norma my goodness , you be embarrassing I . ed you should not be embarrassed by the truth . ( he smoothly sit down ) mind if I order some hotcake ...? CUT to : int . criswell's cadillac - night criswell and Paul drive at night . they be dress - up . swing music play on the radio . criswell so who 's the surprise for ? paul marco I dunno . Ed be real mysterious . all he would say be it 's a surprise party . criswell be not that like he ! ( beat ) and be not that like we -- that we show up anyway . they pull up to a guard gate . they be at a studio . criswell Excuse I . we be here for the Wood party . guard they have rent stage 12 . drive straight back . int . soundstage - night there be another rambunctious party in progress . crepe paper streamer hang down . bela approach Tor . bela so what be we do here ? tor nobody know . but there 's a lotta booze . suddenly Ed step into the middle of the room . he 's extremely handsome in he tuxedo , and beam happily . ed Excuse I ! could everyone please quiet down ? ( the room quiet ) first of all , I want to thank you , all my good friend , for be here tonight . and second , if you be wonder what the big surprise be ... well , tonight i'm getting married !! the crowd be stunne . many people drop they glass . Ed proudly pull out Norma . she 's in a wedding gown . ed everybody , this be Norma ! on bela and tor they be bewilder . bela whisper . bela who the fuck be she ?? tor I never hear of she . Ed walk over . he hug bela . ed and bela , I want you to be the best man ! bela smile -- try to hide he total confusion . dissolve to : later the wedding be in progress . the crowd be seat . a minister perform the ceremony with Ed and Norma . minister ... Norma , do you promise to love , honor , and cherish ... in the crowd everybody be quietly gossiping . bunny I do not even know he have a girlfriend . paul marco ( he tap he on the shoulder ) I hear she 's a actress who give he money . conrad Nah , I hear she 's he childhood sweetheart from poughkeepsie . criswell I predict it 's dolore in a mask . at the altar the Minister be speak to ed. minister ... in sickness and in health , till death do you part ? ed I do . minister ( he smile ) then I now pronounce you man and wife . Ed kiss Norma . the crowd do not applaud . they be too baffle by this whole event . dissolve to : the reception everyone 's drink and dance . Ed proudly introduce Norma to he buddy . ed Norma , this be bela -- bela , this be Norma . Norma , this be Tor -- Tor , this be Norma . Norma , this be Paul Paul , this be Norma . paul marco ( he can not resist ) so how long have you know Eddie ? norma ( sweetly ) since Tuesday . criswell grab Ed and pull he aside . criswell Edward , be you sure you know what you be do ? ed yeah . it seem a little crazy , but sometimes you just know . she 's perfect for I . outside , a car honk . ed oop , that 's we cue ! ( to Norma ) honey , we gotta go . goodbye , everybody ! Ed and Norma run out the door . the crowd hurry after they . outside Ed and Norma jump into he nash . it say " just married " and be festoon with dangle tin can . the car screech away . the can rattle noisily , then slowly fade into the distance ... CUT to : ext . motel - night we be at a desert roadside motel , the San bernardino arm . a " vacancy " light flash . int . motel room - same time Ed excitedly carry Norma over the threshold . he throw she onto the bed , and they start ardently make out . norma Eddie , I be just a small - town girl . I have never do this before . ed ( kissing she ) do not worry , I will teach you . he help she remove she wedding dress . she be very shy . norma be understanding . I do not know anything . Ed remove he jacket , then gesture to he shirt . Norma nervously start unbuttone it . Ed bite he lip in anticipation . Norma open the shirt ... and inside , Ed be wear a bra ! Norma be horrify . norma what the heck be this ?!! ed honey , I have a little secret to share with you . CUT to : ext . motel - same time there 's a loud woman 's scream . then the door slam open , and Norma run hysterically out , clutching she dress about she . norma stay away from I ! you be pervert ! Ed run out after she . ed please , be compassionate . I be you husband ! norma no you be not ! this marriage be never consummate . I be get a annulment ! CUT to : ext . los angele street - late night Ed drive sadly through the street , alone . his car still say " just married , " and the tin can rattle behind he . CUT to : ext . bela' house - late night Ed 's car pull up . Ed stumble out , yank off the tin can , and throw they in someone 's trash . Ed despondently approach bela 's . Inside , a light glow , and the dog bark . Ed be relieved . bela 's awake . he bang on the door . ed bela , let I in ! bela , it 's Eddie . he keep banging . finally the door open -- and bela stand there , shakily wave a gun ! bela be doped up , glassy - eye , and disturbingly haggard . bela why be you here ?? ed shit ! bela , what 's with the gun ? bela why be not you on you honeymoon ? where 's myrna ? ed Norma . she change she mind . she do not wanna marry I . ( beat ) can you put down the gun ? bela weakly lower the gun . int . bela be Ed walk in , in a near-stupor . Needles and drug paraphernalia be scattered about ed what be you do ? bela I be think about kill myself . ed Jesus Christ , what a evening . ( he look around ) what happen ? bela ( near tear ) Eddie , I receive a letter from the government . they be cut off my unemployment . that 's all I have get . without it , I can not pay the rent ... ed do not you have any savings ? bela I be obsolete . I have nothing to live for . tonight , I should die . ( distraught ) and you should come with I . frail bela point the gun at Ed . Ed be terrify . ed buddy , I do not know if that 's such a good idea . bela it will be wonderful . we will be at peace . in the afterlife , you do not have to worry about find work . ed bela , I be on you side . c'mon , give I the gun ... ( he cautiously step forward ) if you give I the gun , I will make you a drink . what be you drink ? bela formaldehyde . Ed stare in anguish . ed straight up or on the rock ? bela drop the gun . he start weep . Ed walk over and hug the shaking old man . ed do not worry . bela I be sorry , Eddie . I be so sorry . ed do not worry . everything 's gonna be all right . CUT to : ext . hospital - still later that night Ed 's car pull up at the South Metropolitan State Hospital . it 's a grim , unwelcome edifice . Ed help weak bela from the car . they look at each other , then Ed gingerly lead bela in . int . hospital - same time the lobby be clammy and dim . Ed and bela reach the desk . a nurse look up , startle . nurse my goodness , you give I the willy . you look like that dracula guy . bela ( very somber ) my name be bela lugosi . I wish to commit myself . nurse for what reason ? bela I have be a drug addict for twenty year . I need help ... the nurse nod . she take bela 's arm and lead he away . bela glance at Ed , then step through a wide door . as it swing shut , we see a doctor walk over and shake bela 's hand . Ed stare at the door , daze by all that 's happen . he sit down in a chair , exhaust . Ed 's eye slowly close , and he fall asleep ... dissolve to : int . hospital - morning Ed be still asleep , but now sunlight beat in . Ed stir and wake up . he groggily look around , and sit across from he be a woman , knitting . this be kathy o'hara , 26 , solid , reflective , with a dry sense of humor . Ed peer at she . ed hello . kathy hello. ( beat ) you be sleep in a tuxedo . ed I get marry last night . kathy oh. congratulation . ed the marriage already end . kathy oh . my condolence . Ed watch she knit . ed what be you make ? kathy booty for my father . he get cold in this hospital . ed how long 's he be here ? kathy this be my thirteenth pair . Ed nod . he spot the Doctor walk by . ed Excuse I . ( he run to the Doctor ) Doctor ? I be with Mr. lugosi . how be he ? doctor well ... there 's a lot of junk in he system for such a old man . apparently , he be addict to morphine , try to kick it , and get re-addicted to methadone . ed will he be okay ? doctor we will do we best . dissolve to : int . hospital corridor - night we be outside bela 's room . he can be glimpse inside , strapped to the bed and scream in pain . he be go through painful withdrawal and shake horribly . dissolve to : int . hospital lobby - another day Ed stride into the hospital , wear different clothes , and carry a box of chocolate . he wave at the nurse . ed hi , lillian . nurse ( she smile ) hi , ed. Boy , he 's get a lot of visitor today . ed he do ? Ed be puzzle . he hurry back . int . hospital corridor - day a crowd of newspaper reporter and photographer overflow bela 's room . Ed be astonished . ed what 's go on here ?! Excuse I ! int . hospital room decrepit bela be propped up in he bed , as the mob of reporter throw question at hit and SNAP shot : " bela , how long have you be a junkie ? ? " " bela , look this way ! " Ed angrily push through . ed everybody out ! this be a hospital ! get out of here . Ed force they out , then slam the door . ed what happen ?! bela ( in a hoarse whisper ) be not it wonderful ? after all this year , the press be show a interest again in bela lugosi . ed ( surprised ) bela , they be parasite ! they just want to exploit you . bela Fine . let they ! there be no such thing as bad press . a man from New York even say he 's put I on the front page ! first celebrity to ever check into rehab . ( he smile feebly ) when I get out of here , I will be healthy . strong ! I will be prime for my comeback ! bela start coughing heavily . Ed stare sadly . dissolve to : int . lobby - another day Ed sit tensely in the lobby , hold vigil . Kathy o'hara walk by . kathy oh , it 's you again . ed oh , hi . kathy you look beat . ed I be . how 's you father ? kathy he 's better . thank you for ask . ( pause ) how 's you friend ? ed not good ... Kathy reach in she purse and pull out two black booty . kathy well , I make he some booty to cheer he up . ( beat ) they be black -- to match he cape . she smile . Ed slowly smile in response . but this be not he normal slick smile . it 's gentler . sincere . ed would you maybe like to get a coffee ..? dissolve to : int . hospital corridor - day Ed and the Doctor stand in a doorway , talk . doctor we think Mr. lugosi be insure though the screen actor Guild . ed be not he ? doctor no . they say he eligibility run out year ago . ed look , he do not have any money ... but I will give you everything I have get . I have a few hundred dollar . the Doctor shake he head grimly . doctor that will not even begin to cover it . he 's go to have to leave . int . bela' hospital room - day bela lie sleep in bed , pasty and pale . newspaper clipping of he hospital stay be tack up . Ed anxiously tiptoe in . he quietly speak . ed bela , wake up . bela stir lethargically . Ed put on a fake smile . ed I have get some good news . the doctor say you be all better . you can come home . bela ( so weak , he 's barely audible ) really ? I do not feel so great . ed no , you look good . and the test come back fine . ( a poignant pause ) c'mon ... Ed gingerly help bela up . ext . hospital - day bela slowly get into Ed 's car . bela Eddie , I wanna make another picture . when be we gonna make another picture ? ed soon , bela ... soon. CUT to : int . camera rental house - day Ed be desperately try to cut a deal with the old manager . ed please , I just need it for one afternoon ! old manager Ed , if I cut a deal for you , I gotta cut one for everybody . ed this be different ! it will mean so much to I . all I need be a camera and a tripod . no light , no sound . nothin ' fancy . old manager and that 's it ? ed and one roll of film . the old guy give Ed a tough look . CUT to : ext . bela' house - day bela be dress in he Sunday finest , stand in front of he little house . he wear a cloak and a wide - brimm hat . bela this be so exciting . another production ! we widen . out on the lawn ... be just ed. with the camera . bela so Eddie , do not we need a sound crew ? ed no , this be just the second unit . we will do the main footage later . bela oh . so what be the scene about ? ed ( improvise ) uh ... you be a very important and respected man . you be leave you house ... and you be in a hurry to a big social event . bela nod . he mull this over . bela okay . but what if I be not in too big a hurry ? what if I take a moment to slow down and savor the beauty of life ? to smell a flower ? ed ( he smile ) that 's great . let 's do a take . wide bela go in the front door . Ed get behind the camera , then turn it on . ed okay , roll camera ! Rolling . scene one , take one ! ( pause ) and ... action ! there 's a moment . and then bela slowly step outside , calm , dignify , walk with a cane . he look about -- and then something catch he eye . he lean down and pick a flower . bela smell the flower , then abruptly drop it . he start cry . a pause , and then he compose himself . the old man slowly shuffles out of frame . Ed peer emotionally from behind the camera . ed and , cut ... bela Eddie , how be I ? ed ( quiet ) perfect . bela be pleased . bela good. ( beat ) now what about my close up ? CUT to : ext . hollywood duplex - dusk Ed 's nash convertible pull up outside a neat little duplex in a nice neighborhood . Ed be dress up for a date . he check he hair nervously in the mirror , revealing a anxious boyishness we have never see before . Ed carry a bouquet of flower to the front door . he ring the bell . Kathy open the door . she look very pretty in a full skirt with a crinolin . kathy oh , flower ! I do not know you be so traditional . ed ( a little embarrassed ) I just pick they up on the way over ... kathy they be very nice . ( she smile sweetly ) let I get my coat . ext . carnival - night Ed and Kathy be at a tatter travel carnival . rattling steel ride and flash light spin about they . they stroll through the crowd eat cotton candy . Kathy wear one of Ed 's flower on she dress . kathy so have you always live in l.a .? ed no. I be from back east . you know , all - american small town ... everybody know everybody , I be a Boy scout , my dad work for the post office ... kathy sound like you live in grover corner . int . spook house - night Ed and Kathy ride through the old mechanical spook house . kathy do you find it boring ? ed Nah , ' cause I have my comic book . and I read pulp magazine . and I listen to the radio drama ... a wooden witch jump out at they . they ignore it . kathy oh . I love that show ! " Inner sanctum " ... " the shadow " -- ed ( get excited ) yeah ! do not forget " mercury theatre " ... and then every Saturday , I would go to the little movie theater down the street . I even start ushere there . a creaky ghost fly overhead . kathy you be not gonna believe the first picture I ever see . you friend 's . ed what do you mean ? kathy " dracula . " Ed freak out . ed that 's incredible ! that 's the first picture I ever see !! wide mechanical bat drop down and flap around they . kathy that be incredible ! ( beat ) you know , I have to sleep with the light on for a week after see that movie . ed I have to sleep with the light on for a month . ( he smile ) but I never miss a lugosi picture after that . kathy a few year ago , I actually see he do " dracula " live . I think he be much scarier in person . closeup - ed he start at Kathy in wonder . he be overcome . they car smashes through the tin exit door . ext . spook house - same time Ed and Kathy 's little car come to a stop . he get very serious . ed Kathy , I be about to tell you something I have never tell any girl on a first date . but I think it 's important that you know . ( beat ) I like to wear woman 's clothes . kathy huh ? ed I like to wear woman 's clothes : panty , brassiere , sweater , pump ... it 's just something I do . and I can not believe I be tell you , but I really like you , and I do not want it get in the way down the road . Kathy be amaze . she contemplate all this . kathy do this mean you do not like sex with girl ? ed no ! I love sex with girl . kathy oh. okay . ed ( surprised ) okay ? Kathy slyly grin . kathy okay . Ed grin back . a moment . CUT to : int . ed' house - day Ed be on the telephone . we split -screen with vampira . ed ( on phone ) vampira ! hi , it 's Ed Wood . vampira ( on phone ) Ed , I tell you , I do not wanna go out ! ed no , do not worry , I move on . I be just call to see if you want to attend the world premiere of my new film , " bride of the monster . " vampira ( confuse ) do not you just make one call " bride of the atom " ? ed it 's the same film . but the distributor want a punchier title . c'mon ! it 's gonna be a big event -- we be go all out ! bela , Tor , and cris be come . you will have fun ! vampira roll she eye . CUT to : ext . neighborhood movie theater - night hundred of kide and teenager enter a dilapidate second - run theater . a banner say " ' bride of the monster ' World premiere ! celebrity in person ! " ext . dark CITY STREET - same time a antique limousine hearse drive down a dingy street . int . hearse Ed drive . Tor , ill bela , vampira , and criswell be cramme in with he , along with bewilder Kathy . everyone be dress in gaudy " scary " outfit . Tor wear he frightening white contact lense . tor my eye be killink I . ed do not worry . we be almost there . bela ( still hoarse ) Eddie , where be we ? we pass that carwash twenty minute ago . criswell I predict we be lose . vampira ( to bela ) hey ! you wanna watch the hand ?? bela sheepishly remove he hand from she thigh . bela sorry ... ed ( he look around , baffle ) have anyone ever be to downey ? int . movie theater - same time the audience be so restless , they be practically rioting . they clap and chant angrily . a fat patronize manager step on stage . theater manager Children , if you do not calm down , there will not be the entertainment . angry kid it be suppose to start a hour ago ! int . hearse - same time temper be flaring . tor my eye be burnink . kathy hey look ! there 's the theater . tor where ? I can not see nothink ! ext . theater - same time the hearse pull up . a frantic usher run over . frantic usher thank God , you be here ! they be tear the place apart ! the gang awkwardly step out of the hearse . Tor get out and blindly walk straight into a lamp post . whack ! he yelp . tor ow . bela move slowly , very feeble . vampira smooth out she slinky black dress , then put she arm around bela to help he . frantic usher c'mon ! this way ! int . theater - same time criswell point Tor in the right direction , and the group stumble in . Ed escort excited Kathy . kathy I have never be to a premiere before . the usher open the auditorium door . inside it 's pandemonium . people be scream and shouting . kid jump up and down , on top of the chair . bela , Tor , vaspira , and criswell be alarmed . the light dim on and off . scratchy spooky music blast over the sound system . ed wow . go knock them dead ! criswell push blind Tor towards the stage . Tor stick out he arm and scarily stagger down the aisle . criswell nervously follow . vampira escort bela . the crowd boos . they pelt we gang with popcorn . Tor growls like a monster . kid laugh and jeer . on ed and kathy in back , Ed speak in a frightening manner into a microphone : ed ( amplify ) ooooo ! at the stroke of midnight , the witching hour , the ghoul arise from the dead ! down the aisle Tor slip in some butter . he tumble and fall . a woman' voice cackle . woman' voice it 's the blind lead the blind ! Tor stagger to he foot . all disorient , he start walk the wrong direction and fall over a chair . people heckle . criswell quickly help he up . tor dis be a nightmare . criswell it 's show biz . criswell push Tor in the right direction . some roughneck knock down criswell and snatch he wallet . a mean boy jump on he chair , rip the stuff out of the seat . he throw the fiber in the air , and they float over bela and vampira . bela what be that ? vampira I think they be get ready to burn this place down . a high school punk run up and grab vampira 's breast . high school punk hey vampira , how ' bout a little love ? vampira fuck off ! she impulsively swing she arm and slam the kid . on stage the manager plead to the mob . theater manager Children , please ! be calm ! somebody throw a bottle and hit he in the head . he go down . wide the light suddenly go off . some girl scream . Ed 's panicked . he grab Kathy and run down to he friend . ed c'mon ! we be get the hell out of here ! Ed round up bela , Tor , criswell , and vampira . the crowd boos louder . blind Tor be totally confuse . tor what be happen ? ed we be escape ! the group run up the aisle and leave . as the door close , " bride of the monster " start unspool on the screen . ext . theater - same time the gang frantically run out , scared for they life . they look over . some juvenile delinquent be stripping the hearse . vampira we be gonna die . the theater door crash open . the angry mob pour out . Ed spin wildly around ... and see a cab approach . ed stop ! kathy stop ! Kathy run frenziedly into the street and throw herself at the cab . it screech to a halt . everybody sprint over and jump in . the cab roar away . int . cab - same time all of they be breathe heavily . they watch in the rear window as they drive away from the rampage . a nervous silence . until bela speak . bela now that be a premiere . all of they laugh . CUT to : ext . hollywood boulevard - day bela and Ed stroll down the street , in high spirit . bela smoke a big fat cigar . bela last night be quite a romp . ed do you see that kid grab vampira 's tit ? bela I envied he . ( he chuckle ) Hell , I envied you too , have a girlfriend that would jump in front of a car like that . ed yeah , she 's really somethin' . bela I know none of my wife would have . Ed laugh . bela puff he cigar . bela Eddie , I want to thank you . this last few day have be a good time . ed I just wish you coulda see the movie . bela no problem . I know it by heart ... bela stop walk . and in a booming , theatrical voice , he suddenly launch into he impassion , climactic speech from " bride of the monster . " bela " Home . I have no home . hunted ... despise ... live like a animal -- the jungle be my home ! but I will show the world that I can be its master . I shall perfect my own race of people ... a race of atomic supermen that will conquer the world ! " Ed be touch . a few people around they applaud . bela 's face light up , proud . a awed midwestern tourist hand he a pen and paper . tourist Mr. lugosi , could I have you autograph ? bela certainly . tourist Boy , that be incredible . you be just as good a actor as you always be . bela puff out he chest majestically . bela better. ( beat ) I be seventy - four , but I do not know it . if the brain be young , then the spirit be still vigorous ... like a young man . bela turn and smile wanly at ed. Ed smile back . CUT to : int . ed' kitchen - night Ed and Kathy stand in he kitchen , make dinner . she stick she finger in a pot . kathy Ed , this spaghetti sauce be delicious . ed thanks . it 's actually the only thing I know how to make . ( he motion ) hey , can you grab that strainer ? she hold a strainer . Ed pour the spaghetti over it . suddenly the phone ring . Ed groan . ed ugh ! always at the wrong time . ( he answer the phone ) hello ? he listen . and then , he get a very somber expression . ed oh no ... Ed hang up the phone . he look pain . kathy what be that ? ed ( quiet ) bela die . CUT to : int . funeral home - day it 's bela 's funeral . Ed sit cry in the front row , with Kathy at he side . all bela 's friend be there . they be very subdued . the casket bela lie inside , make up in he full dracula outfit . his hair be die black , and he wear the famous cape . ext . holy cross cemetery - day on a grassy hill , bela be laid to rest . the small crowd of mourner stand silhouett against the dark gray cloud . the coffin be lower into the ground . Ed stand at the front , silently watch . at a distance a few tabloid photographer snap picture . photographer # 1 whose crazy idea be it to bury he in the cape ? photographer # 2 I hear it be in the will . it be how he want to be remember . CUT to : int . screening room - day Ed be alone in a darken screen room , depressed . play on the screen be the last footage of bela : bela stumble around in front of he house and smell the flower . Ed drink out of a flask . the film run out . a voice come over a loudspeaker . voice do you want I to run it again ? Ed silently nod . dissolve to : int . ed' apartment - night Ed 's apartment have go to hell . Ed be in a robe , unshaven and clutching a bottle of whiskey . newspaper be everywhere . bela 's and Ed 's dog eat out of the trash . Kathy try to straighten thing up . Ed stare listlessly . ed I would see he in a coffin so many time , I expect he to jump out ... kathy Ed , you have get to snap out of this . bela 's dead -- you be not ! ed I might as well be . I make shitty movie that nobody want to see . ( beat ) I blow it . all he want be a comeback ... that last glory ... kathy well you try -- ed ( angry ) I be a fuckin' hack ! I let people recut the movie , cast they relative ... ( beat ) I let bela down ... CUT to : ext . ed' apartment build - day a new studebaker pull up . a bumper sticker say " jesus save " a man in a plain brown suit step out . this be J. edward reynold , 50 , Ed 's santironious southern Christian landlord . reynold assertively bang on Ed 's front door . reynold Mr. Wood ?! ed ( o.s. ) hruphh ...? reynold Mr. Wood , this be Mr. reynold , you landlord . could you please open up ? the door open a crack . bleary Ed peer out . ed yeah ...? reynold Mr. Wood , you have bounce you third and final rent check . ed ( he sloppily lie ) I be real sorry . my stockbroker must have transfer the wrong account ... c'mon in , I will write you another one . int . apartment - same time Ed motion reynold in . reynold peer unsurely at the tornado inside . then he notice a frame one - sheet for " bride of the monster . " reynold admire it . reynold hmm , so you be in the picture business ? ed ( rummage for a check ) you could say that -- reynold I be interested in the picture business . my associate and I wish to produce a series of uplift religious film , on the apostle . but unfortunately , we do not have enough money . ed ( distract ) raising money be tough . reynold oh ! we church have the money for one film . we just do not have it for all twelve ... angle - ed his eye suddenly pop . the color come back to he fact . a plan be quickly boil over inside Ed 's head . he start feverishly pace around . ed okay -- you know what you do ? you produce a film in a commercially prove genre . and after it 's a hit , you take the profit from that , and make the twelve apostle ' movie . reynold would that work ? ed absolutely ! you see this script ..? Ed randomly grab a script off the messy floor , then glance down , to see which one he pick up . it say " graverobber from Outer Space . " ed " graverobber from Outer Space " ! it 's money in the bank . reynold graverobber from what ?? ed from outer space ! it 's science - fiction . very big with the kid ! if you make this picture , you will have enough money to finance a hundre religious film ! ( beat ) and pay my back rent from the profit . reynold scratch he head . reynold I do not know ... this be all a lot to absorb . ed it 's a guarantee blockbuster ! reynold um , I understand that this science friction be popular -- but do not the big hit always have big star ? ed ( in a frenzy ) yeah , well we have got a big star ! bela lugosi !! reynold ( mystify ) lugosi ??! do not be pass on ? Ed grin maniacally . he grab a SMALL reel of 35 mm film . ed yes , but I have get the last footage he ever shot ! reynold just , it do not look like very much . ed it 's plenty ! it 's the acorn that will grow a great oak . I will just find a double to finish he scene , and we will release it as " bela lugosi 's final Film " a beat . reynold stare , intrigue ... CUT to : int . ed' apartment - later the place be clean - up . Ed shout excitedly into the phone . ed Bunny ! we be make another film ! yeah -- I get the Baptist Church of beverly Hills to put up the cash ! Paul stick he head in . paul marco Ed , I get the lugosi lookalike outside . ed great ! bring them in ! Bunny , I gotta run . Ed hang up . Paul lead in three . they look nothing like bela . one be a homeless bum , one be a short fat man , and one be chinese . Ed inspect they . ed too tall ... too short ... ( he glance at the chinese guy ) and this guy do not work at all . paul marco well I be thinkin ' like , when bela play " fu manchu . " ed that be karloff . ( beat ) Paul , you gotta try harder . I do not want this film to be haif -ass . this time , we go for the quality . Paul turn to go . ed and by the way , keep Sunday free . the producer want all of we to get baptize . CUT to : int . kathy' apartment - day Kathy read a newspaper while knitting a angora sweater . Ed be type deliriously fast -- in one of he artistic fever . ed you know , when you rewrite a script , it just get better and better ! kathy do you want you button on the leave or the right ? ed the leave . it 's more natural . ( he squint at he script ) hey , I have get a scene where the alien have the ultimate bomb . what would that be make of ? kathy uh , atomic energy ? ed no . they be beyond that ! they be smarter than the human . what 's more advanced ? kathy dynamite -- ed no , bigger ! what 's the biggest energy ?? kathy the sun . ed ( ecstatic ) yes ! bingo ! solar energy ! oh that 's gonna seem so scientific . ( he resume typing ) this movie 's gonna be the ultimate Ed Wood film . no compromise . Kathy suddenly jump up , shocked . kathy oh my God . look at this ! she run over and show Ed the newspaper . insert - the newspaper a small headline say " vampira revealed to be red . " underneath be the story : " Channel 7 have fire popular horror hostess vampira , after learn of she suspect communist leaning ... " on ed and kathy they be astonished . ed that asshole . kathy the poor girl 's out of a job . ed yeah ... ( he look up ) I should give she a call . CUT to : int . coffee shop - day Ed and Kathy sit with a shake - up vampira . ed I be really sorry ... vampira it 's terrible . people will not even return my call . it 's like I do not exist . ed I know what that 's like . ( he pull out he script ) anyway , I bring a copy of the script . you would play the " ghoul 's wife . " vampira ( she grimace ) the ghoul 's wife ?! God , I can not believe I be do this ... kathy you should feel lucky . Ed 's the only guy in town who do not pass judgment on people . ed ( he laugh ) Hell , if I do , I would not have any friend . vampira smile uncomfortably . vampira look ... would it be possible to make the " ghoul 's wife " a little less prominent , so people will not really notice I in the movie ? ed you do not wanna be notice ? vampira exactly . hey , how ' bout this -- what if I do not have any line ? I will do the part mute ! Kathy suddenly see someone . kathy look , it 's Dr. tom. ( she shout ) hey , Dr. Tom ! ed who 's Dr. Tom ? kathy my chiropractor ! dr . tom mason , a tall , slender 35 - year - old chiropractor , stride over . he smile . dr . mason Kathy , how be you ?! you be look in alignment today . kathy actually , my neck 's a little funny . Dr. mason grab Kathy 's neck and crack it loudly . on ed Ed stare at the Doctor in astonishment . Ed be rivete . ed wait a second . do not move ! Ed excitedly jump up , take he napxin , and cover the Doctor 's face from the nose down . ed it 's uncanny . vampira what 's uncanny ? ed look at he skull ! CUT to : int . baptist church of beverly hill - day service be in progress . J. Edward reynold lead a choir sing a emotional spiritual . Ed , Tor , criswell , Paul , conrad , vampira , Kathy , Bunny , and Dr. Tom mason sit in back . they be all wear white robe and argue about the doctor . tor he look nutink like bela ! conrad he 's kind get he ear . tor you be stupid ! kathy no , cover up he face . Kathy lift Dr. mason 's robe over he bewilder face . criswell ah ! now I see it . dr . mason ( goofily imitate bela ) " I want to suck you blood ! " everybody crack up . Ed wave he arm . ed shhh ! we want this baptist to like we . like bad kid , they quiet down . ingenuous Southern reverend lyn lemon speak up front . reverend lemon Brothers and sister , we have reach a special part of the service . the baptism of we new member ! ( beat ) if the congregation will oblige , we would like to adjourn and reconvene at Emma dubois 's back yard . ext . backyard - day the straight -lace , devout congregation be gather around a large swimming pool . reverend lemon , reynold , and we misfit stand in the shallow end , in they white robe . criswell whisper to vampira . criswell why could not we do this in the church ? vampira because " brother torî could not fit in the sacred tub . montage : the reverend baptize ed reverend lemon ... do you accept the Lord Jesus Christ as you savior ? ed I do . reynold dunk Ed in the water . the reverend baptize bunny reverend lemon ... do you reject Satan and all he work ? bunny ( hide a smirk ) I do . reynold dunk Bunny . the reverend baptize tor reverend lemon ... do you repent for all you sin ? tor I do . Tor wink slyly at criswell . reynold dunk tor. but Tor slip from reynold ' grasp and sink to the bottom of the pool . reynold oh my God , I drop he -- Tor lie on the bottom , stare lifeinsly . criswell ( mischievous ) I do not think he 's come up ! reverend lemon Lord no ! the man 's drown ! reynold ( scared ) what do we do ?! reverend lemon help ! help !!! the whole congregation start jumping in . Men and woman in they Sunday finest leap into the pool and start tug on Tor . but nobody can budge the big whale . reverend lemon ( near tear ) dear Jesus , please forgive we ! on tor he suddenly rise , Poseidon - like , from the pool . Tor spit out water , then let out a hearty belly lavgh . tor Tor make good joke ! the baptist be not amused . CUT to : int . CITY bus - morning a bus drive along . every passenger stare at something up front -- vampira , in she slinky black outfit . she read a " grave robber from Outer Space " script . ext . scummy neighborhood - same time the bus stop in a scary , run-down neighborhood . vampira off and warily look around . vampira this can not be the right address ... she nervously walk down a dingy alley . vampira get to a unmark grimy door , gulp , then slowly open it ... int . warehouse soundstage - day and inside be the " grave robber from Outer Space " famous cemetery set ! the film be in production ! pack into a stinking little studio be a few scrawny twig , branch , and flimsy cardboard tombstone set against a black drop . tot strut about gregariously , in he " Inspector clay " suit . he chat up the crew . tor I be so happy ! finally I be star wit dialogue ! I memorize every wordt . Eddie will be so proud ! the baptist chase Ed around . they wave the script . reynold before we start shoot , Mr. Wood , we have a few question -- reverend lemon the script refer on numerous occasion to graverob . now we find the concept of digging up consecrate ground highly offensive . it 's blasphemy . ed ( very annoyed ) what be you talk about ?! it 's the premise of the movie . it 's even the title , for Christ 's sake ! reverend lemon ( shocked ) Mr. Wood ! reynold yes , about that title , it strike we as very inflammatory . why do not we change it to " plan nine from Outer Space " ? Ed shake he head . ed that 's ridiculous ! wipe to : cemetery set they be filming the cop arrive at the pitch - black cemetery . there 's a prop police car , and a assistant blow fog in . ed and , action ! Tor step onto the set tor ( as Inspector clay ) " medicul eksaminer be aroundt yet ? " cop " just leave . the morgue wagon oughta be along most any time . " tor " you get statement frumk vitnesses ? " cop " yeah , but they be pretty scared . " tor " findink mess like dis oughta make anyone frighten . have one of da boyz take dem back to town . you take jarge . " on the crew everybody grice , try to understand tor. the script girl shake she head . the baptist angrily pull Ed aside . reynold what would you give he all the line for ?? he 's unintelligible ! ed look , lugosi be dead and vampira will not talk . ihad to give somebody the dialogue . reverend lemon that 's not a answer . wipe to : another scene be shot - later as Inspector clay , Tor wander around the " cemtery , " wave he flashlight and nervously finger he gun . Ed grin at the baptist . ed see , no talk . be not he good ? ( he grab he megaphone ) cue dr . tom ! dr . tom ( o.s. ) now ? ed yes , now ! lurk he . and be sure to keep you face cover ! the door of a large paper - mache crypt creep open . Dr. Tom uncertainly step out , impersonate bela . he hold the cape over he face and stalk Tor . Ed be pleased as punch . he whisper to the baptist . ed be not it wonderful ? bela life ! reverend lemon do not this strike you as a bit morbid ? ed no , he would have love it ! bela 's return from the grave -- like dracula . ( he grab the megaphone ) cue vampira ! vampira step out , walk in a trance . Tor be now cornere . he fruitlessly fire he gun , but bullet can not stop zomby . vampira and Dr. Tom kill he . Tor scream . wipe to : another scene get shot - later Paul and conrad be scared cop explore the cemetery . conrad ( as a cop ) " let 's go down and find out whose grave it be . " paul marco ( as a cop ) " why do I always get hook up with this spook detail ? monster ! grave ! body ! " ed cue the flying saucer , ray ! off-stage , a grip on a ladder pan a 10k searchlight . the light cross the actor . they look up in horror , then clumsily fall down . a rickety fake tombstone tip over . ed and perfect . CUT ! reynold ( freaking out ) " perfect " ? Mr. Wood , do you know anything about the art of film production ?! ed I like to think so . reynold that cardboard headstone tip over . this graveyard be obviously phony ! ed people will not notice . filmmake be not about picky detail -- it 's about the big picture . reynold oh , you wanna talk about the " big picture " ?! how ' bout that the policeman arrive in the daylight , but now it 's suddenly night ??? Ed suddenly flip out . he 's livid . ed you don't know anything ! have not you ever hear of " suspension of disbelief " ?! a strapping young man walk up . he smile at the baptist , strapping young man reverend , I be here . ed ( baffle ) who 's he ? reverend lemon this be we choir director . he 's gonna play the young hero . ed ( furious ) be you in5 ane ? I be the director ! I make the casting decision around here ! reverend lemon I think this be a group effort . ed nooooo !!! Ed spastically storm away . int . dressing room - same time Ed burst in . he pace about , hysterically traumatize . ed they be drive I crazy ! this baptist be stupid , stupid , stupid ! Ed glance at a clothing rack -- and see a angora sweater . Ed be take aback . he slowly remove it from the hanger and rub it against he face . his breathe slow . ed mmm . I need to calm ... take deep breath ... ( he rub the angora ) ohh , it 's so smooth ... int . soundstage - same time the dress room door fly open . Ed slowly strut out , in the sweater , pantsuit , and pump . he be calm and at ease . the stage quiet . people be stare . ed okay , everyone ! let 's set up for scene 112 ! move the crypt stage leave and get ready with Tor 's make - up effect . the crew resume work . but the baptist charge up , aghast . reverend lemon Mr. Wood ? what do you think you be do ?! ed I be direct . reynold not like that , you be not ! reverend lemon remove that get - up immediately . you shame we Lord . Ed throw up he hand . ed that 's it . I give up ! CUT to : ext . soundstage - day Ed frantically march out of the building . he 's still in he lady ' outfit . Ed see a cab and whistle loudly . the cab pull over . Ed jump in . ed take I to the nearest bar . CUT to : int . musso &amp ; franks - day the place be quiet , mid-morn . frazzle Ed enter and sit at the bar . ed Imperial whiskey , straight up . the bartender nonchalantly pour a shot . Ed take the drink . he quietly sip he booze and reflect upon he day . Ed glance around . and then , suddenly -- he eye widen . sitting at a table be orson welle ! the portly , world - famous filmmaker sit alone , eat lunch with one hand and draw storyboard with the other . Ed be thunderstruck . ed oh my god. it 's Orson Welles ... Ed nervously stand . he start to step forward -- when he catch he own reflection in a mirror . he 's still in drag . ed oh shit . Ed roll he eye . he run he hand through he hair , then slowly approach Orson Welles . Ed be terrify . ed Excuse I , Sir ...? orson welle ( he casually look up ) yes ? ed uh , uh , I be a young filmmaker , and a really big fan ... and I just want to meet you . orson welle ( he extend he hand ) my pleasure . I be Orson Welles . ed oh. um , I be Ed Wood ! ( he smile anxiously ) so , what be you work on now ? orson welle eh , the financing just fall through for the third time on " Don Quixote . " so I be try to finish a promo for something else . but I can not find the soundtrack -- ( he shrug ) I think I leave it in malta . Ed be astonished . ed I can not believe it . this sound like my problem ! orson welle it 's the damn money man . you never know who 's a windbag , and who 's get the goods . and then they all think they be a director ... ed ai not that the truth ! I have even bad producer recut my movie -- orson welle ugh , I hate when that happen . ed ( on a roll ) and they always want to cast they buddy -- it do not even matter if they be right for the part ! orson welle tell I about it . I be suppose to do a thriller at universal , and they want charlton heston to play a mexican ! Ed shake he head . he 's discourage . ed Mr. Welles , be it all worth it ? orson welle it be when it work . ( solemn ) you know the one film of mine I can stand to watch ? " kane . " the studio hate it ... but they do not get to touch a frame . ( he smile warmly ) Ed , vision be worth fight for . why spend you life make someone else 's dream ? closeup - ed he have see God . ed wow . CUT to : int . soundstage - day Ed burst onto the stage , a change man . re-energize , he confidently grab the baptist . ed Mr. reynold ! reynold yes ? ed we be gonna finish this film just the way I want it ! because you can not compromise a artist 's vision ! reverend lemon ( flustered ) b- but it 's we money -- ed and you be gonna make a bundle . this movie 's gonna be famous ! but only if you shut up , and let I do it my way ! reynold and Rev. lemon be speechiess . closeup - ed he beam , turn and shout triumphantly into the soundstage . ed alright ! actor in position ! let' finish this picture !! wipe to : " plan 9 " montage : scene in the cemetery set Tor play a zombie rise from the dead . he wear the scary white contact lense . Tor 's so big , he have trouble lift himself from the grave . editing room Ed and he stock footage buddy watch a moviola . ed okay , I want that tank ! and I want that bomb ! soundstage Harry paint Bunny 's face GREEN , like a martian . Ed yell . ed no ! the alien should look like people . make - up man harry I be tellin ' ya , alien be always green . ed not in my movie , they be not ! scene in the spaceship set Bunny 's make - up be now normal . he wear a alien suit . a hammy alien enter and salute with a bizarre crossing gesture . bunny " what plan will we follow ? " hammy alien " plan nine . " bunny " plan nine ... " ( he consult he papers ) " ah yes . plan nine deal with the resurrection of the dead . " scene in the cemetery Tor stagger up to Paul Marco and clobber he . off-stage Ed smile at the baptist . ed maybe you guy be right . " plan nine " be a good title . miniature CITY set Ed shoot the famous fly saucer . Paul hold a paper plate and conrad light it on fire . the " saucer " soar on fishing line over a little miniature town . scene in the bedroom set Dr. Tom glide in , he cape over he face . a woman scream . cockpit set Ed stand in front of a masonite board and two chair . a actor play the airplane pilot walk up . pilot where 's the cockpit set ? ed you be stand in it . ( he yell off ) alright , bring in the shower curtain ! a shower curtain get lower into the doorway . ext . dusty road a car zoom by . Kathy drive , as Ed shoot handheld out the back window . scene in the spaceship set th hammy alien argue with the human . pilot " so what if we develop this solarnite bomb ? we would be even a stronger nation . " hammy alien " stronger ? you see ! you see !! you stupid mind ! stupid ! stupid ! " pilot " that 's all I be take from you . " he whack the alien . a brawl break out . scene with criswell criswell lecture behind a desk , with mysterious lighting criswell " perhaps on you way home , someone will pass you in the dark , and you will never know it . for they will be from outer space . " scene in the cemetery set the famous shot : Tor and vampira walk in a trance through foggy cemetery . off-stage , Ed stand with the crew . he shout gleefully . ed more fog ! more fog !! ( he beam ) and CUT ! print it ! it be a wrap ! end montage . CUT to : ext . CITY - night it 's pour rain . stand in the drench be Ed . he 's wear a tux , and fight with he open convertible top . the rambler be fill with water . Kathy stand under a awning . she wear a pretty gown . ed I can not get it to go up . kathy Ed , you be gonna miss you own premiere . ed ( he give up ) c'mon ! let 's just go . Ed impulsively open the car door . Water pour out . Kathy scurries out and jump in the wet car with he . ext . movie theater - night the rain be gush down . the marquee proclaim " world premiere : plan 9 from outer space ! " people hurry in . Ed and Kathy roar up in the open convertible , totally soak . he jump out , open she door , and they run inside . int . theater - night the theater be pack . all the gang , and they friend and family , be gather . criswell stand on -stage , speak into a mike . criswell you be about to see en extraordinary motion picture . but before it begin , I think we ought to give a hand to the man without whom we would not be here tonight ... Eddie , take a bow ! the crowd erupt in applause . everybody go crazy -- even the baptist . people yell " speech ! speech ! " Ed smile proudly . Kathy kiss he . Ed run down front , hug criswell , then take the microphone . ed thanks a million . I just wanna say ... this film be for bela . the light dim . dissolve to : minute later the title " plan 9 from outer space " be project onto the screen . as random image from the film play out , we drift over the happy face of we friend watch . Paul and conrad stare , enthralled . Tor laugh as he see himself . vampira giggle . Bunny nudge she playfully . criswell mouth he own line . on screen bela appear , in he little suit . in the last footage he ever shot , he shuffles around in front of he house , then tenderly smell the flower . on ed he watch , entrance . then he smile to himself . ed this be the one . I know I will be remember for this film . CUT to : int . theater lobby - later the boisterous crowd be in high spirit . people congratulate Ed and pat he on the back . " it be great ! " " it 's you best one yet ! " " bela would have love it ! " Ed drift through the crowd , bask in the glory . it 's like a wonderful dream . ext . theater - same time the rain come down in sheet . the door burst open , and Ed and Kathy run out . kathy Ed , I be so happy for you . ed let 's get marry . kathy ( startle ) huh ?! ed right now . let 's drive to Vegas ! kathy but it 's pour . and the car top be stick ! ed ( he give he killer grin ) so ? it 's only a five- hour drive . and it will probably clear up , once we hit the desert . heck , it will probably clear up once we drive around the corner . I promise . Kathy stare in disbelief . then she smile . they kiss . Ed and Kathy jump into the open convertible . the engine start , and they drive away , disappear into the pour rain . a moment . and then , we move up , up , into the black cloud . lightn crack across the sky . optical : we slowly pull out from the sky , move through a window ... and we be back inside int . haunted mansion parlor - night criswell be sit inside he coffin . he stare at we . criswell my friend , you have just see the story of Edward D. Wood , junior . Stranger than fact ... and yet every incident base on swear testimony . ( he eye gleam ) a man . a life . can you prove it do not happen ? a beat , to ponder this . and then criswell slowly lie back in he coffin , and the lid mysteriously close over he . fade out . the end