zombieland rhett reese & Paul wernick Sept. 18 , 2007 we begin with a song : woody guthrie 's ' this land be you land . 's catchy . patriotic . warm . record in mono , play on a scratchy old phonograph ... the follow be shot gritty . kinetic . fast. scary . very ' 28 day later , 's ' save private Ryan , 's ' Children of Men . 's fade up on : a american flag , fill the screen , flap . a male voice , belong to flagstaff , a witty , anxiety - ride everyman , late-twenty ( think seth GREEN ) , narrate : flagstaff ( v.o. ) this land be you land . the camera rotate on its axis until the flag be upside down , then pull back to reveal that it be one of that flag fly on the hood of a presidential limousine , which itself be upside - down , crash and overturn on top of another car . the further we pull back , the more we see of a destroy , burn Washington d.c . flagstaff ( v.o. ) this land be my land . suddenly , rapid footstep ! the camera jiggle nervously , try to find they source . rapidly , the footstep become loud , like someone run on sheet - metal . boom-boom -boom ! a zombie , bleed from the eye , run up the other side of the tangle mess of automobile , plant a foot on the underside of the limo , and long - jump , arm flail , down onto the ground in the direction of the camera . it land on its stomach , then scramble up to its hand and knee . the camera jiggle , back up quickly . the zombie regains its foot and sprint spastically , aggressively toward the lens . the cameraman have see enough . he turn and run , he p.o.v. bounce wildly . then the camera whip - pan to face the Zombie as it wail and attack . the zombie engulf the screen , tackling the cameraman . the camera fall to the ground , askew , shoot nothing but treetop and sky . offsccreen , the cameraman scream and scream and scream , accompany by rip , crack , crunching . something just god-awful be happen to this guy . then he gack and fall silent . we hear munch . the zombie 's superbly frightening face come into frame again , at a angle , stare into the camera lens as though it 's a bathroom mirror . the zombie curiously look at its reflection , twitching , tremble , smack its lip . the zombie belches , long , loud , and animal - like , fogging the lens with its breath . flagstaff ( v.o . ) ok , that be pretty unnecessary . welcome to Zombieland . this land be make for you and I ... dissolve to : a globe , slowly turning clockwise it look like a normal globe for a bit ... all the familiar ocean , continent ... only instead of name for country , one big word stretch all the way across the equator , apply to everything on earth : zombieland flagstaff ( v.o . ) Zombieland be like a great hit collection of nightmare , where the only one they forget to include be the one where you be naked and the one where you have not study for you final exam . Casualty rate have be astronomical . I be one of the few non-zomby leave . and that 's only thanks to a little list I call ' the forty - Seven rule for survive Zombieland 's ... smash CUT to : ext . football field - day bam ! a guy be sprinting like mad toward a high school football field . boom ! a truly frightening , snarling male zombie be right on he heel , sprinting after he . flagstaff ( v.o. ) rule # 1 - cardio . superimpose onscreen : a title : 1 . cardio flagstaff ( v.o . ) pretty self - explanatory , um ... do a lot of cardio . there will be time when you have to run for you life . literally . so get in shape . the guy be still run , but every breath be now searingly painful . his body be obviously shutting down on he . flagstaff ( v.o. ) Zomby lead a very active lifestyle . the zombie , by contrast , be breathe nicely . flagstaff ( v.o. ) so should you . a wide master shot ( a la a football broadcast ) of the guy run down the football field like a run back , and the zombie , like a linebacker , dragging he down from behind . int . cafeteria - night flagstaff ( v.o. ) rule # 2 - zip-loc bag . a man sit alone in a school cafeteria at night , eat from a big jar of pickle . superimpose onscreen : a title : 2 . Zip -loc bag suddenly , the fluorescent ceiling light short - circuit , spark , and go out , plunging the room into darkness . the man be illuminate only by a sliver of moonlight from a nearby window . the man stand up and pull a flashlight from he backpack . flagstaff ( v.o . ) always pack wisely . this should go without say , but you would be surprised . I be a big fan of Zip -loc bag . you have get enough problem , moisture should not be one of they . the man flick the switch on the flashlight , but it do not turn on . he empty the d-batteries onto he palm to discover that they have corroded . the man stare into the darkness with a concerned look , gather he courage , then take a step forward out of the moonbeam and into the dark ... ... and be yank the rest of the way and eviscerate . ext . CITY STREET - day flagstaff ( v.o. ) rule # 3 - double tap . a woman stand on a city street , steely - eye , resolute , hold a pistol with two hand . we hear rapid footfalls approach she . superimpose onscreen : a title : 3 . double tap the footstep belong to a big female zombie , who rush straight at the woman . the woman plug the zombie in the chest with a bullet . the zombie face - plant and lie motionless . gun still raise , the woman approach the zombie to test with she foot whether it 's dead . flagstaff ( v.o. ) you have just shot a zombie . you think it 's dead , you be try to save bullet ... unh - uh . two more shot . one to the head make ninety - nine percent sure . one more to the head make a hundred . it 's know as a double tap . the woman do not follow flagstaff 's advice . she nudge the zombie 's leg . it keep its eye close , like a little girl who 's pretend to be asleep when she parent arrive home after a night out . flagstaff ( v.o. ) there 's no use save for the next zombie when this one 's about to ... the woman turn away , and the zombie slyly peek at she . it lunge and bite viciously into she achilles tendon . flagstaff ( v.o . ) --- give you a season - end injury . int . / ext . car / STREET - day flagstaff ( v.o. ) rule # 4 - seatbelt . a panicky woman turn the ignition in she car and slam it into gear . she do not , however , put on she seatbelt . superimpose onscreen : a title : 4 . seatbelt the woman swing she car in a wide arc , clipping one zombie and narrowly avoid another . flagstaff ( v.o. ) look , I know you be in a rush . but it only take two second . call I a goody - two -shoe , but if you be in this much of a hurry , chance be you be about to get in a wreck . no sooner do flagstaff say this than the woman pull in front of a oncoming truck . her car be smacked in the side . the woman be thrown through the side window of she car , and land on the asphalt , deader than dead . flagstaff ( v.o. ) the pavement facial . slightly worse than be a goody - two-shoe . same ballpark . but slightly worse . ext . gas station - outside men 's room - day flagstaff ( v.o. ) ok , let 's put this rule together . that guy there be I , probably about , what , a month after the zombie disease take off . I be in West covina , California . it may look like zomby destroy it . actually , that 's just West covina . flagstaff , a pale , unshaven , borderline good - look nerd , be stand outside a gas station man 's room in West covina , California , the arm -pit of the Golden State . flagstaff hold a shotgun . he 's try to decide whether to open the door . God know what 's in there ... flagstaff ( v.o. ) I have just fill up at a strange gas station . I have gotta go number two . if caring too much about hygiene be a offense , then I be a smooth criminal , I enjoy a clean place to go number two . I be consider open that bathroom door . notice what a huge wuss I be . seriously , I do not have the gut God give one of that trembly toy poodle , the kind that pee on eye contact . but I have survive so far , ' cause I play it safe . always by the rule . my rule ... as flagstaff navigate he way through the follow action scene , he follow all four of rule # 1 - 4 . and what he just say be the truth ... we be not watch a hero here ... ... we be watch a coward . flagstaff reach for the bathroom door , then stop , think , and decide against it . he back away slowly , to discover he make the right call : a male zombie burst out the door , screeching horribly . flagstaff flinch and fire the shotgun wildly , miss . instead of fight , he turn and run . the zombie chase he , the end of a roll of toilet paper stick to its shoe . the roll trail out behind as it run . flagstaff run around the corner toward he saab , only to discover a female zombie in between he and the car . it scream and beeline for he . he fire at the new zombie but only hit it in the arm . the shotgun pop open , its two chamber empty of shell . Rather than fight hand - to-hand , flagstaff make a wide - eye dash for a adjoin dirt field . we be with flagstaff as he run through the field , the two zomby close behind . his lung be in good shape . the zomby be not gain . ( the title : 1 . cardio reappear ) a high , wide shot reveal flagstaff beginning to pull away from the Zombies as he lead they in a big circle back toward the station and he car . flagstaff run up to the car , pull out he keys , then spastically drop they as he 's go to put they in the lock . flagstaff shit ! flagstaff almost reach down , but the zomby be catch back up again . a wise decision : flagstaff run again for the field . we be back watch the high , wide shot . it 's comically exactly the same as the last one , with flagstaff buy some time , pull away from the Zombies as he lead they in the big circle . ( the title : 1 . cardio reappear , blinking on and off for emphasis ) this time , flagstaff reach the car , successfully pick up he key , go to put they in the lock , and then notice that the car be not even lock anyway . he roll he eye , open the door , jump inside , close the door , and shove the key into the ignition , stop only to ... ... fasten he seatbelt . flagstaff floors the car , fishtailing , put distance between himself and the Zombies , speed down the street . when all be clear , he take a huge sigh of relief . the zomby give up the chase as flagstaff 's saab disappear . flagstaff ( v.o. ) and now , we be about to be remind why I be such a moron for forget to lock my car ... flagstaff go to adjust he rear - view mirror , and in it , see a zombie sit up in the back seat , a big , bloody grin on its face . flagstaff scream , slam on the brake , swerve , and bash into a saguaro cactus , which be decorate a man 's lawn . the zombie launch from the back seat of the car , smashes through the windshield , thump its head against the cactus , and end up sprawled on the hood . flagstaff , by contrast , be save by he seatbelt , which tug hard against he chest . ( title : 4 . seatbelt ) suddenly , the zombie , a piece of cactus stick in its forehead , spin around on the hood and try to get back through the hole in the crack windshield . the windshield wiper and windshield cleaning mist be go off indiscriminately , spraying the zombie in the face and tapping it on the head . in the front seat , a terrify flagstaff hurriedly pop open he shotgun and grab a zip - loc bag ( title : 2 . Zip -loc bag ) off the floor next to he . it 's wet on the outside from the windshield fluid , but nice and dry on the inside , and full of shotgun shell . flagstaff load a dry shell into he shotgun , aim , and shoot the zombie off the hood of the car . without pause , he pop the shotgun open , load two more shell inside , climb out , and stand over the fall zombie . flagstaff close one eye and aim at the head . ( title : 3 . double tap ) ka-blam ! ka -blam ! silence . physically and emotionally spend , flagstaff lean back against he car and slide to the ground . he sniff the air , look down , and get a forlorn expression on he face . flagstaff ( v.o. ) on the bright side , I would find a place to go number two . fade out . we hear the first note of patsy cline 's classic ballad , 'i fall to piece . 's fade up on : a montage of people succumb to zomby as the world come to a end and the american dream be lose ... ext./ int . STREET / convenience store - day a man on a street scratch off a lottery ticket . he whoops and jump when he see three cherry . the man sprint inside a convenience store with he ticket . no one be behind the counter . he frown and peer behind it . without warning , a snarling zombie , dress in a vest , jump up from behind the counter and yank the man over it . ext . park - day a homemade banner over a idyllic child 's park read , ' father son scout picnic !' a father and he eight - year - old son , dress in scout uniform , run awkwardly toward camera . they legs be bound together as part of a three - legged race . lurching after they be four more father - son scout pair , also tie at the leg , but foam at the mouth . this four pair be not try to beat the first place team , they be try to eat the first place team . int . mall photo booth - night two young lover at the mall enter one of that gimmicky four - photo booth , sit down , and pull the curtain . a hungry zombie sneak up , throws back the curtain , and dive inside . the booth shake with the attack , then fall silent . a four - photo strip emerge into the pick - up slot . in the first photo , the couple be laughing . in the second , they be reacting to the lunging zombie , in third they be fighting the zombie , and in the FOURTH , the bloody - mouth zombie be look happily into camera , as if it remember how to pose . ext . santa monica pier - day a family of four sit in a seat at the top of a ferris wheel , strand by a clamoring crowd of Zombies below . they take each other 's hand and squeeze they palm tightly , forlornly together . fade out . fade up on : ext . neighborhood - west covina , california - day flagstaff 's saab be still bashed up against the cactus , steam pour from under its hood . flagstaff ( v.o. ) they say you can not go home again . I , I be try to prove ‘em wrong , make my way from my LA apartment to the only place I have ever feel safe , flagstaff , Arizona . on even the slight chance Mom and dad might still be alive . flagstaff himself have abandon the car . he be walk up the street , everything but he shotgun stuff into a rolling suitcase , which he tug behind he . flagstaff ( v.o . ) moment like this make I glad ... glad I choose that suitcase with the little roller . I be do be the idiot with the duffel bag . ext . 10 freeway on - ramp , west covina , california - day flagstaff hike up the on-ramp onto the freeway , shotgun under one arm , suitcase - on - wheel pull behind . dissolve to : ext . 10 freeway , west covina , california - later flagstaff walk from abandon vehicle to abandon vehicle , look carefully for a new ride . nothing suit he purpose . dissolve to : 10 . ext . 10 freeway , west covina , california - later a exhaust flagstaff trudge on , more slowly now . then , as if by magic , he hear the distant rumble of a engine . on the western horizon , a black cadillac escalade thread its way through the abandon freeway traffic , head east . on each side and hood of the escalade , write in white soap , be the number 3 ( in memory of the late great dale earnhardt ) . as the escalade approach , a nervous flagstaff grab a toppled motorcycle , prop it up on its kickstand , kneel behind it , and aim he shotgun warily at the near suv . the escalade pull up to within a few yard of the motorcycle and stop . the driver 's side door swing open , and a square - jaw , broad - shoulder bad ass , albuquerque , step onto the run board . albuquerque be in he mid-thirty . he wear ironic thick librarian - appropriate eyeglass . he stare at the motorcycle with curiosity . flagstaff stand up from behind the motorcycle with he shotgun aimed at albuquerque . flagstaff ( v.o. ) here 's the thing about scared people . they be great at hide it . imagine a apple : nice and shiny on the outside , a greedy little worm chew up the inside . that 's I . albuquerque raise a eyebrow , then shrug matter - of - factly , as if to say , ' if that 's how you want to do it ... 's albuquerque calmly reach into he car , pull out a no - shitting - you AK - 47 automatic rifle , lift it to he shoulder , and point it right back at flagstaff . flagstaff 's eye widen . uh-oh . albuquerque 's finger go from the trigger guard to the trigger . flagstaff quickly wipe sweat from he temple with he sleeve , start to tremble , then all at once give up , lowering he shotgun , set it against the motorcycle , and raising he hand , ashamed . flagstaff smile embarrassedly , then stick out one thumb questioningly in the universal signal of hitch -hiking . albuquerque roll he eye , lower he gun , and motion to flagstaff with he head : ' get in . 's 11 . int . cadillac escalade - day Inside the suv , albuquerque sit behind the wheel . flagstaff sit in the passenger seat next to he . there 's a awkward silence , punctuate by flagstaff 's careful look over he shoulder into the back seat . albuquerque whatcha look for ? flagstaff nothing . I have this list ... superimpose onscreen : a title : 31 . check the back seat albuquerque no one back there but my duffel bag . flagstaff blink . flagstaff what 's you name ? albuquerque stop . no name . where you from ? flagstaff Arizona . flagstaff . albuquerque hullo , flagstaff . I be albuquerque . the two shake hand . flagstaff you be from albuquerque ? albuquerque I be . flagstaff you do not want I to call you by you name ? you want I to call you albuquerque ? albuquerque I do . flagstaff May I ask why . albuquerque keeps we from get too familiar . flagstaff so if I be call you albuquerque , what happen if we meet someone else from albuquerque . albuquerque have not think that far ahead . flagstaff ( smile ) if I know I be gonna be flagstaff , I would have say I be from a cooler sounding place . like , pocatello . or winnemucca . albuquerque you can switch to winnemucca . flagstaff no , I be flagstaff . albuquerque sure ? flagstaff ( nod ) flagstaff . albuquerque flagstaff and albuquerque almost have a gunfight . flagstaff yeah . albuquerque where you head ? flagstaff flagstaff . you ? albuquerque albuquerque . flagstaff ( nod knowingly ) go home ? albuquerque Nah , home 's back there . ( indicate West covina ) they say you know home by the way it make you feel when you leave . I be over it . further I get , the better . 12 . 13 . ( shrug ) albuquerque 's just my birthplace . not a destination . more like a... direction . anywhere but here . flagstaff y'know , flagstaff 's on the way to albuquerque . albuquerque yeah . flagstaff so ... albuquerque ... wanna stick together ? least as far as flagstaff ? albuquerque here 's the thing , flagstaff . I be not easy to get along with . and I be sense you be a bit of a bitch . I give this relationship until quartzsite . flagstaff so you will take I as far as quartzsite ! albuquerque if you lose the excited face . flagstaff lose the face . albuquerque turn on the ignition . flagstaff I have a small bladder . albuquerque clench and hold . the escalade 's tire crunch the gravel as it pull away . flagstaff ( v.o . ) if I be stupid enough to hitch-hike , might as well have be with albuquerque . turn out ... do not let the glass fool you ... smash CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - day - flashback a song : rage against the machine 's ' know you enemy .' a hungry zombie sprint toward a office building and disappear around the corner . suddenly , we hear a loud mechanical buz from around that corner . 14 . after a beat , the same zombie come sprint back the way it come , with albuquerque chasing it from behind . at the moment , he be wear a welder 's helmet and wield two buz chainsaw , one in each hand . the zombie hightail it around a building . albuquerque slow to a stop . he snap he head back so that the shield of he welder 's mask lift , and he face be fully reveal . flagstaff ( v.o. ) albuquerque 's in the ass-kick business . and ... albuquerque smirk . albuquerque ( to the now - go zombie ) Business be good . the ' rage 's song fade . flagstaff ( v.o. ) do not get the wrong impression , albuquerque 's get a soft side . look a month before the zomby show up ... int . kitchen - day - flashback albuquerque be in a modest kitchen , pre-Zombieland , cooking animal - shape pancakes ( pancake with mouse ear , etc. ) with a lot of tender loving care . albuquerque spatulas the pancake onto a plate and carry it to the kitchen table . we reverse angle to see the recipient of the pancake : not a child , but albuquerque 's dog , buck , a german shepherd puppy . Buck be sit on a chair at the table . albuquerque watch happily as Buck gobbles up the pancake . next , we see albuquerque run in and out of frame , carry Buck up in the air , zoom he around like a airplane , make machine - gun and dive - bombing noise . at last , he fall to the ground with Buck and start eskimo kissing he ( Buck lick he on the mouth ) and blow raspberries on he fuzzy belly . flagstaff ( v.o. ) yeah . that 's the grossest thing yet . 15 . ext . 10 freeway , outside quartzsite , arizona - day - present a sign on the 10 freeway read ' quartzsite - 89 MI . 's flagstaff and albuquerque be drive down the freeway through a mountainous desert pass when albuquerque notice a broken guard rail and slow to a stop . CUT to : flagstaff and albuquerque stand over the break guard rail , each hold a shotgun . there be a overturn hostess delivery truck at the bottom of a gorge . flagstaff that 's a hostess truck . albuquerque New plan . I could use a twinkie . ( lace up he boot ) come ? flagstaff blink . do he really have to ? flagstaff hold on . flagstaff start do some old - fashioned old - man torso twist , ankle touch , and deep knee bend . he look like one of that ridiculous yesteryear bodybuilder . albuquerque ( watch ) you be serious . flagstaff stretch 's important . you should stretch . albuquerque do not believe in it . albuquerque start down the gorge without flagstaff . albuquerque you never see a lion stretch before it kill a gazelle ! flagstaff furrow he brow . a interesting point . ext . hostess truck - day flagstaff and albuquerque carefully approach the overturn hostess truck . the back delivery door be slightly ajar . 16 . albuquerque and flagstaff raise they gun . flagstaff bite he lip . albuquerque slowly reach for the door handle . ominous violin swell ... flagstaff ( v.o. ) whatever 's inside a overturn hostess truck , it can not be good for you health . all at once , albuquerque throws back the door , and a avalanche of box of sno - ball ( that white , coconut - cover puff ) pour out onto the ground . nothing more dangerous than that . the music die . flagstaff sigh with relief . albuquerque , however , be not nearly so happy : there 's not a twinkie in sight . albuquerque what self - respect hostess truck be full of two thousand box of sno-ball ? flagstaff I like sno-ball . albuquerque coconut 's gross . not the taste . the consistency . flagstaff open a package and start chowing down on a sno- Ball . a perturb albuquerque stare . flagstaff stop chew and give a guilty shrug , as if to say , ' what ?! 's albuquerque head back up the steep slope . albuquerque this twinkie thing ? not over yet . flagstaff um . this may be a bad time . but I gotta take the Browns to the superbowl . albuquerque really ? flagstaff really . 17 . ext . rest area - men 's room - day the escalade be park outside a roadside rest area men 's room , where albuquerque stand , check he watch . int . men 's room - day we be now inside the restroom . flagstaff have just enter , hold he shotgun . flagstaff ( v.o. ) I know , I know ... again so soon ? what can I say ? a case of chronic ... anxiety . ever since I be bear , I have be rule by irrational fear . flagstaff nudge each stall door open with he foot , he nervousness plain to see . flagstaff ( v.o. ) there 's nothing I could not find a reason to be afraid of . thing like ... Department store santas ... quicksand ... be hold down and tickle ... angle on : flagstaff , now sitting on one of the toilet . flagstaff ( v.o. ) for example , guess what I be scared of right now . I mean , other than toilet seat herpes . flagstaff pause , then raise he feet off the tile . flagstaff ( v.o. ) something crawl under the stall ! flagstaff hold he foot up , keep a sharp eye out for anything that might slither toward he . flagstaff ( v.o. ) what crawl under a stall ? I do not know , a roach ... a rat ... a really thorough janitor ? use you imagination . CUT to : a alligator poke its head under the stall . flagstaff blink , and it disappear . flagstaff ( v.o. ) I sure do . 18 . ext . rest area - men 's room - day flagstaff emerge from the restroom to join albuquerque . flagstaff ( smile ) my work here be do . as flagstaff and albuquerque walk away , we hear a grow cacophonous SOUND ( traffic , horn honking , the din of people talking , etc . ) , and we smash CUT to : a insert : a satellite photo of the planet earth . the camera push in , rotating . we hear the gridlock of the population below : traffic , horn , people , etc . flagstaff ( v.o . ) nowadays , I be always wishing life could go back to ' normal . 's which be weird . ' Cause life be never really ' normal 's for I . Long before there be ever zomby , phobias start box I in . I avoid more and more thing . my world get smaller ... we zoom in instantly . the photo be now only of one CITY , its street form a grid . the traffic noise subside a little . flagstaff ( v.o. ) ... and smaller ... we zoom in again . the photo be now only of one neighborhood . the traffic noise subside again . flagstaff ( v.o. ) ... and smaller . we zoom in again . the photo be now only of one apartment build . the traffic noise be gone . we be in silence . we push in on the roof , appear to dissolve through it . int . bedroom - dusk - flashback we push in on a bird 's eye view of flagstaff lie in bed , curl up in the fetal position , he eye wet with tear . flagstaff ( v.o . ) ' til a few month back ... when all that be leave ... be I . fade out . fade up on : 19 . int . bedroom - night - flashback superimpose onscreen : a title : then one Friday night ... flagstaff be at he computer , light by the pale glow of the screen , one hand under he waistband . his desk be a mess : soda -can forest . Star Trek voyager dvd . sticky keyboard . flagstaff ( v.o. ) Friday night , third straight week indoors . lean Tower of pizza box . code Red Mountain dew. jessica alba mouse pad . World of warcraft . right hand on jessica . Left hand in pants . pride - nowhere . dignity - loooong go . virginity - totally justifiable to speculate on . his hand occupied , flagstaff try to take a drink from he code Red Mountain Dew cup by biting the lip of it and tipping it back into he mouth . the Mountain Dew spill all down he chin and the front of he shirt . flagstaff smooth . a annoyed flagstaff march into the bathroom , drip Mountain Dew . he bend over the faucet and get the shirt as wet as can be to try to take out the stain . at last , he give up , take off the shirt , and drop it on the bathroom floor . flagstaff duck into he closet to change shirt . flagstaff ( v.o. ) my whole life , all I would ever really want be to find a girl . fall in love . bring she home to meet the folk . that be my biggest fear of all . dying alone . Mom do not know where I would meet a , quote , ' marriageable woman , 's but dad know where I would not : my lock apartment . and he would always be right . ' til now ... just as flagstaff be head back to he computer , he hear pounding at he front door . he nearly jump a foot in the air , then freeze , listen . the pound stop for a second , then start again , louder . flagstaff tiptoes down the hall and approach he front door as if it be the edge of the Grand Canyon . 20 . female voice ( muffle , distress ) 408 , you in there ?! please ! flagstaff look gingerly through the peep hole . flagstaff ( v.o. ) omigod . my adorable next door neighbor . 406 . I would dream of this girl . but I would never say hi , ' cause I be busy make ground - break advance in the exciting new field of lame . female voice ( now cry ) please , it 's a emergency ! no one 's answer ! please ?! flagstaff be clearly torn . he go to open the door . then chicken out . then listen to more resign crying . female voice heeeelp ... flagstaff finally can not take it any more , he heartstrings sufficiently tug . he choke down he fear and very daintily open the latch and turn the knob . 406 burst into the room , slam the door behind she , bolt the latch , then hug flagstaff like a long - lose relative . she be cuter than a button . tough. feisty . the kind of girl you would love to spend armageddon with . 406 ( dispense cheek peck ) thank you , thank you , thank you ! this shower of thanks can not help but make flagstaff feel good about himself . he put on faux confidence : flagstaff it be nothing ! int . live room - later flagstaff take a seat beside 406 on he live room sofa . she wear a blanket over she shoulder . he offer she a cup . she thankfully take it in both hand and drink . 406 Mountain Dew ? 21. flagstaff ( nod ) code Red . and some Golden graham . ( hand she a plastic bag of Golden graham ) the Zip -loc bag keep ‘em crisp . 406 hm . flagstaff why do not you start from the beginning ? 406 not ' till we have call the police . flagstaff right , sorry ! flagstaff be already clutching cordless phone . he hit the green ' talk 's button . he do not hear a dial tone . instead , it 's that fast ' the phone 's be off the hook too long 's tone . 406 ( hearing the tone ) what 's wrong ?! mine be off , too . and I drop my cell when ... you get a cell ? flagstaff ( shake he head ... a embarrassing ' no 's ) probably the last guy in l.a . wanna try down the hall ? 406 in a bit . right now I feel safe . here . flagstaff great . 406 he be homeless . and sick . I be walk home from a bar , talk on the phone . and this homeless guy come sprinting toward I . not run . sprint . I think he be , like , run after someone , or from someone , ' till ... ' till ... her hand be shaking . flagstaff here. 22 . flagstaff set down she Mountain Dew and take she hand between he own , warming and stilling they . 406 ( smile through tear ) thanks . flagstaff ( v.o. ) ok , the confidence ? come out of nowhere ... seriously , maybe even my ass . flagstaff go on . 406 he run right for I . just totally wild . violent . he grab I . and I drop my phone and pull away . and run . so do he . he must have slip , ' cause I make it inside the gate . last I see , he be still out there , go crazy . flagstaff drug , maybe ? bad trip ? 406 I guess . flagstaff he 'il just need time to come down . we ’1l1 stay here ' till the phone come back on . then we will call the police . 406 I do not mention the worst part . flagstaff yeah ? 406 he try to bite I . a beat while flagstaff stare , gross out . flagstaff you be right . that 's the worst part . 406 sorry I be so scared . flagstaff quit it ! some homeless guy try to eat you ?! 23 . that 's , like , the right kind of scared , reasonable scared . I , I get scared of stuff like ventriloquist dummy , and that rag they use to wipe restaurant table ... 406 really ? flagstaff I joke a lot . the point be , I be here for you . and as long as you be by my side , I be not leave this apartment . flagstaff ( v.o. ) play to my strength . 406 ( sincere smile ) mind if I close my eye ? 406 kiss flagstaff on the forehead , then pull the blanket to she chin , lean back , and close she eye . flagstaff can barely contain he jittery excitement . flagstaff ( v.o. ) set aside the feverish , homeless cannibal , I be live the dream ! I would always ... my whole life ... want to brush a girl 's hair over she ear . flagstaff reach out with he hand and brushes 406 's hair over she ear . she open she eye and smile , then nestle back against the sofa cushion . 406 night . flagstaff night . Mountain Dew non- withstand , sleepiness be contagious . flagstaff watch 406 breathe peacefully for a few moment , then prop up a sofa pillow and close he eye himself . fade out . fade up on : int . apartment - hour later flagstaff have be sound asleep for who know how long . he 's sit up on the couch , mouth open , head tilt to the leave . 24 . we be on he face as he stir . his eyelid flutter . he twitches , then open he eye , shaking off sleep . where be he ? oh , right , on the couch . his kitchen be on the leave . and 406 must still be on the couch . flagstaff turn to the right , expect to find 406 asleep next to he . instead ... .-. she be sitting a foot from he face , her face a bloody , black mess of zombie disease , yellow eye alive with curiosity and malice , grinning at he . flagstaff ghaaaaa ! flagstaff leap backward off the couch to get away from the zombiefied 406 . flagstaff oh my God ! be you alright ?! 406 stay where she be , sniff the air longingly , and open she mouth as if to say something . instead , she hiss / hock up phlegm , and then spring at flagstaff with abandon . flagstaff abhh ! flagstaff back up as fast as humanly possible , then turn to run . he sprint madly into he tiny dining room with 406 right on he heel . flagstaff overturn two dine chair behind he to try to slow 406 . she get tangled and slip . 406 get to she foot and lurch into the kitchen . flagstaff have turn to face she , hold a blender over he head . flagstaff stay back ! I do not wanna hurt you ! Zomby do not generally stay back . she bum-rush he . still wigge out by the idea of injure he neighbor ( however zombie -ish ) , flagstaff ditch the blender and run . 406 be right behind he when he reach the bedroom and try to slam the door shut . she stick out she foot as if she 's about to slide into third base and try to stop it . the door smashes 406 's ankle , bend she foot sideways with a sicken crack . she fall to the ground , scream , in a daze , clutching she now diagonally attach foot . 25 . flagstaff shit ! sorry ! but nice as he may be , flagstaff do not waste a moment ; he try to slam the door shut again . 406 lunge and get she arm and shoulder through . this time , the door have no chance whatsoever of close . the break ankle have hobbled she , but she 's still come ... flagstaff can not retreat anywhere but the closet or the bathroom . he choose the bathroom , dash , reach it . unfortunately , he slip on the wet , mountain - dew -covered shirt from earlier . he crash to the tile floor , pull the shower curtain out of its ring to try to break he fall . now she 's reach he foot , bite , claw . he kick frantically and haphazardly , but she 's get he by the ankle . he open the cabinet under the sink for a weapon ... kleenex ? no. cotton ball ? no. toilet Paper ? not happen . flagstaff roll he eye . his arsenal be exclusively soft and fluffy . 406 rise up to jump on flagstaff , and he just manage to pull the shower curtain over himself . she land on top of he , and now they 're wrestling , grabbing , punching , with only the curtain in between they . flagstaff fall back to the tile , whacking he head . now he and the zombie be literally face to face , as if kissing , but with the shower curtain still between they . 406 's bloody feature PRESS gruesomely against the plastic . flagstaff use the moment to reach up and wrap the curtain around the back of she head , try to cut off she AIR . it 's working ... she gasp , wheeze , choke , and at last start to go limp . we think it 's about to be over ... ..- until she chews through the plastic , which allow she to take a deep , raspy breath . her gangrenous tongue protrude through the hole , almost licking flagstaff on the mouth ... flagstaff grope in the cabinet under the sink again , grab a aeresol can of lysol , aim it into she mouth , and fire . 406 choke and roll off flagstaff . he gain he foot , slip back against the toilet , and knock the porcelain lid on the back of the toilet basin askew . 26 . this give he a idea . he grab the heavy lid and step over 406 , swatting she hand with it as he run from the room . flagstaff shut the bathroom door behind he , and the bedroom door behind he after that . unfortunately , he 's on the wrong side of the lock now , so he can not lock she out of anywhere . we be now with 406 as she rise to she foot again . she instinctively try to bend she break foot back into place , cracking it from one odd angle to another . no luck , now it 's just as twisted , only in the other direction . 406 give up on she foot and open the bathroom door . then she limp to the bedroom door and open it , too . flagstaff be stand in the live room , chest heaving . flagstaff please listen to I , 406 . listen . if you be in there . you be just sick . stop. do not ... but 406 's expression be one of pure , blind hate . she throw back she head and howl with rage . the sound be beyond scary , like that of a trap , infuriate animal . and she run-drags herself toward he . flagstaff ( under he breath ) forgive I . with all he might , he rear back and belt she in the head with the toilet basin lid . at the exact moment of jarring impact , we freeze frame . we see a still shot of flagstaff connect perfectly , violently with 406 's temple . dissolve to : int . bathroom - night water . running from the faucet ... eddy in the sink with blood and grime ... splash on wall and mirror . flagstaff ( v.o. ) you tell yourself over and over , this ... this ... do not just happen . it do not . it do not . it do not . it could not have . it could not have . 27 . intercut , we see quick image of flagstaff 's pain , fear , and grief : he 's wash he hand feverishly in the sink . he 's nearly hyperventilating . he 's spasming in a near fit of panting and groan . he 's sit still against he bathroom wall and trembling . flagstaff ( v.o. ) but it do . in the face of every sane thing that come before it , and all I would come to know and expect about the world ... it do . dissolve to : flagstaff , with a phone to he ear , still hearing the not - in - service tone . he set down the receiver . in tear , he carry he shower curtain into the live room . he stand over 406 's dead body , choke back the smell , then start to wrap she in the shower curtain , duct - taping the edge . as he go to move she arm , something make he stop . flagstaff ( v.o. ) a ' zombie 's be not a dead person who 's come back to life . it 's someone who 's be infect with the plague of the 21st century - a terrible disease that leave its victim irrationally violent and hateful , some insist evil . jzombieism be carry in bodily fluid . near 406 's wrist be a severe bite MARK that bear the unmistakable imprint of human tooth . flagstaff examine the bite mark , he mind racing with the implication . flagstaff ( v.o. ) this fluid be highly contagious and fast - act when they mix with you fluid . so if you be think of go tongue - to- tonsil with you suddenly less - cute neighbor ... a quick CUT of 406 try to stick she tongue into flagstaff 's mouth through the shower curtain . flagstaff ( v.o. ) ... try something more innocent . flagstaff sadly brush 406 's hair over she ear , then resume wrapping she up . 28 . ext . apartment balcony - day from across the street , we watch in a master shot as flagstaff struggle to push 406 's shroud corpse over he apartment balcony . we be below the balcony , look up as the wrap body roll over and plummet into lens . all be black . flagstaff ( v.o. ) Mom and dad would have to wait . fade up on : int . escalade - day - present albuquerque and flagstaff have resume drive down the freeway . flagstaff be stare at dead , charree driver in burned vehicle . flagstaff I have hear there 's still a place untouched by all this crap . albuquerque back east , right ? flagstaff you hear the same thing ?! albuquerque sure . out west , we have hear it 's back east . back east , they have hear it 's out west . there 's no such place . get over it . you be like the penguin at the north pole who 's hear the south pole 's really nice this time of year . flagstaff there be no penguin at the north pole . a moment pass . albuquerque ponder . albuquerque wanna see how hard I can punch ? dissolve to : ext. / int . 10 freeway / escalade - day albuquerque and flagstaff be drive through a new section of the 10 freeway , weaving through abandon car , in mid - conversation . 29 . flagstaff the last time I ' laid some pipe ? 's albuquerque yeah . the last time you go twenty toe ... put percy in the playpen ... storm the trenches ... flagstaff stare . flagstaff sex ? albuquerque sex . flagstaff 's eye drift to a billboard for ups . he begin a tentative lie that get more confident with every word : flagstaff Three week ago . the back of a abandon ups truck . albuquerque shut . up. flagstaff I be head east . she be head west . we take shelter in the truck . full of undeliver package . High - power binocular . case of apple butter . phone shape like a football . we start to open ‘em up . and ... y’know ... work ‘em in . albuquerque what be she name ?! flagstaff beverly . ( smile ) Hills . albuquerque you dog . flagstaff ( v.o. ) he 's dumber than I think . flagstaff how ' bout you ? 30 . albuquerque me? I ... I ... ( see trouble ahead , grimace ) ..- aye-yay-yay ... albuquerque stop the escalade . a female zombie be on the road ahead , perch over a dead businessman , eat he . flagstaff oh , God . the zombie hold up the businessman 's thigh bone , chew on it like a piece of corn -on - the-cob , so intent on the meal that it do not notice flagstaff and albuquerque . albuquerque it make you ... flagstaff I know , it make you sick . it make you ... ( bow he head , then raise it ) ... sad. about ... I do not know , the way thing be . it make you think , if you could go back in time , right now ... smash CUT to : int . kitchen - day - flashback we be watch a home video of flagstaff as a eight - year - old kid . a nerd-in-waiting . with he loving parent . flagstaff ( v.o . ) --- you would be eat Mom 's tuna surprise ... or play ant in the pant with dad ... not know how thing would end up . it make you think you home be so close you could touch it . but so far away . and instead , this ... this ... ( can not think of the word ) smash CUT back to : ext. / int . 10 freeway / escalade - day the zombie break the bone in two and suck out the marrow . flagstaff ..- this . it make you ... sad . a beat . albuquerque I be gonna say it make you hungry . that 's exactly how I eat a twinkie . break it open and eat the inside out . we need to find some . fast . a long pause . flagstaff stare at albuquerque . flagstaff I be worried about you . albuquerque you be the one play ant in the pant with dad . look , I hate to poop on the parade , but whatever 's wait for you in flagstaff , it be not any prettier than we friend eat she manwich here . best do like I and put home sweet home in you rear view . ( raise he arm ) hold on ... albuquerque reach up and hit the on-star button ( GM 's roadside assistance service ) . after two ring , a young african - american woman' voice come over the car speaker . detroit ( v.o. ) on - Star . how can I help you ? flagstaff be shocked to hear a voice on the line . albuquerque Detroit ! it 's albuquerque ! detroit ( v.o. ) albuquerque ! you do not call , you do not write ! how you do ? albuquerque better now , beautiful ... detroit ( v.0 . ) quit . albuquerque Detroit , say hello to my new best friend : flagstaff . detroit ( v.o. ) flagstaff , I be so sorry for you . flagstaff on- Star still work ?! 31 . click . 32 . detroit ( v.o . ) I be the last one here . but the system 's still up . and I be not ready for retirement . albuquerque Detroit be just another on- Star operator . now she 's the Guardian angel of Zombieland . we eye in the sky ... detroit ( v.o. ) how can I help ? albuquerque we be look for the nearest grocery store ... detroit grocery ? let 's see . Little town of leland . sixteen mile , second light , take a right . good luck . God bless . ( a pause ) and thank you for use on-star ... albuquerque do she sound hot to you ? flagstaff people in the telecommunication industry usually be . albuquerque she 's get a sister ... the escalade accelerate . flagstaff look forlornly over he shoulder . the zombie and the corpse fade into the distance . flagstaff have that three - mile stare . flagstaff ( v.o. ) it do make you wonder . what it be about I and albuquerque that we be still around to make grocery list , while that two soul end up on either end of a mid - afternoon snack ? you never know ... 33 . ext . gas station - day - flashback flagstaff ( v.o. ) for instance , here 's a little drink game : take a look at the follow pre- Zombieland scene and try to predict who 's gonna survive post - Zombieland ... we be outside a pre -zombieland gas station , on the outskirt of a busy city . hustle . bustle . Cars whizzing by . superimpose onscreen : a title : one month earlier we crane all the way to the asphalt , where a well - dress , put-upon young woman , mid-twenty , be kneel down , frantically search on the ground next to some gas pump . the woman be gorgeous , but a emotional wreck . her search be totally fruitless , and she fight back tear . the manager of the gas station , a shifty - eye grease - ball , see she and come out to help . manager whatcha look for ? woman my engagement ring . I take it off to pump my gas . think I put it in my purse , but it must have ... manager ( peek around ) what 's it look like ? woman Big and ... ( start to cry ) ...- beautiful . ( be : cry ) sorry . it 's just , what will I tell my fiance ? and I be late for my flight . manager ( sly ) tell you what . Gas be on I . gimme you number . you get on that flight . I be gonna turn this place upside down . i’11l find you ring . send it fed - ex . you fiance will never know . woman I 'il give you a reward . 34 . manager do not be silly . woman Three thousand dollar . ( off the manager 's raise eyebrow , sotto voce ) you do not understand . it 's worth more than my car . the manager steal a furtive glance at the woman 's car : a cute red BMW convertible . he deftly conceal he excitement . manager ( smile ) I be not take you three thousand dollar . but I will take you number . the woman 's face say it all : can she trust he ? at last : woman thank you so much ... she give he she card . CUT to : the BMW pulling away ... the manager wave , watch the car disappear , then turn quickly and scour the pavement . dissolve to : later ... the manager be sweaty with the effort of search . he 's sorting the trash . nothing . a phone ring inside . he toss aside a gross banana peel and jog into he office . dissolve to : a bit later ... the manager be still on the phone in the office , he back turn to the window . manager ( into phone ) I tell you , she 's on a plane ! that 's the beauty of it ! he turn around and spie a eleven -year-old girl bend over something shiny on the sidewalk . the girl be sharp , tomboyish , wise beyond she year , hair tousle , a quick study . manager crap ! 35 . like lightning , the manager hang up and sprint outside . the girl be stand up , examine a huge , sparkling ring . manager you find my ring ! the girl look up . the manager reach out with a grin . manager thank you . I have be look all over for it . the girl look wary . she speak with a southern accent : girl you ring ? manager ( think ) not exactly mine . a friend of mine 's . a nice lady . she be sad to lose it . I be gonna send it to she . girl really ? manager look , here 's she phone number ! the manager produce the woman 's card . a long pause while the girl consider it . girl that could be anyone 's number . manager look , kid , I be not make this up . the lady 's get marry . she need she ring . but the girl be still reluctant . manager Santa Claus be watch ... girl do I get a reward ? manager there 's candy in the office . girl I do not think so . 36 . he turn to leave . manager ( panic set in ) you can not sell it , if that 's what you be think . a kid like you take that ring into a store , they be only gonna ask a bunch of question . besides , a big store , it 's not worth anything to they . the girl turn back . girl it be to you . the manager stare dagger into the kid . he 's at the end of he rope . int . gas station office - day the manager be stand at the cash register , counting off twenty dollar bill into the girl 's hand . manager forty , sixty , eighty ... four hundred . that 's four hundred dollar . the whole register . he tilt the register tray toward the girl to show she that it 's empty . the girl tilt the tray in the other direction , revealing another stack of twenties under the tray . the manager sag , scoops they up , and hand they over . manager ok , five hundred more . for a total of nine . girl and the candy . manager ( gaze narrow ) one bar . the girl grab a aba Zabba . then she take a good , hard look at the ring . the manager be pretty quick to hand out that nine hundred dollar . nevertheless , a deal 's a deal . the girl hand over the ring . manager you have make someone very happy . 37 . the girl march out of the office with she cash and she now half - eat aba Zabba . girl ( mouth full ) you too . ext . CITY STREET - day the girl walk around the corner , to where the gas station be no longer in sight . she walk up to a car park in the shade of a tree . it 's the shiny red BMW convertible . the girl climb into the passenger seat and shut the door . the beautiful woman smirk at she from the driver 's seat . woman well ? girl ( fork over the cash ) Seven hundred . woman uh , uh , uh ... the girl produce five more twenty . girl ok , eight . the woman smile and kiss she on the forehead lovingly . woman I be guess at least nine . but keep the difference . you earn it . how many leave ? the girl open the glove compartment , take out a manila envelope , and dump fifteen fat identical costume engagement ring into she lap . she hold one up to the light . girl someday , I want a ring this big . woman for the low price of thirty buck , sell . girl ( offer she candy ) aba Zabba ? woman ( shake she head ) nine gram tran fat. seatbelt . the girl put on she seatbelt and pull out a road map of the UNITED states . girl California 's far . woman exactly . the woman lower the top of the convertible . we crane up as the two drive away . ext ./ int . freeway / BMW - day the woman and the girl speed down the freeway in the red BMW . the girl have the window down and she arm out the window . with she hand , she adjust the side view mirror . she creak the mirror out a bit . then creak it back in . then out again . all the while , she eye remain fixate on what she can see in the mirror . the woman notice . woman stop look . girl ( nonchalant ) what ? woman he 's not follow we . girl I know , just make sure . ( off the woman 's intense look , cover : ) about the gas station guy ! the woman 's not buy it . the girl insist : girl I think he be onto we ! the woman have hear enough . woman listen . dad 's not follow we . he 's not . 38 . girl I know . woman say it : he 's not follow we . girl he 's not follow we . woman good . you and I be safe . I promise . dad will not find we . ever . he 's smart . he suck . but he 's not , like , God . we be go all the way to California . and how many people will live in California by the year 2009 ? girl thirty -nine million . woman thirty -nine million ..? girl ( smile ) .-- and two . woman besides . remember . nothing bad ever happen at disneyland . girl promise ? woman ( nod ) it 's the happiest . place . the woman put out she fist . the girl look at it , then smirk and give she a Tiger -wood - style fist pound . woman on earth . the car find a lower gear and accelerate away . int . gas station men 's room - day flagstaff ( v.o. ) fast forward to Zombieland . any guess who 's gonna survive ? if you say this guy ... take a drink ... 39 . 40 . the manager be sit in a stall on the toilet . he hear the main door to the bathroom swing OPEN . manager can a guy take a growler in peace ?! the manager gasp . a zombie have poke its head under the stall door , and be staring at he with a ravenous smile . the manager scream , and the stall shudder with the violence of the attack . flagstaff ( v.o. ) see ?! crawl under the stall ! crawl under the stall ! fade out . ext . grocery store parking lot - day - present superimpose onscreen : a title : leland , Arizona another title : Ralph 's grocery fade up on : the escalade , park by a grocery store in the desert town of leland . another title : double coupon Sunday flagstaff and albuquerque be stand by the open tailgate of the escalade , where albuquerque gather some equipment . he grab a pair of wick - look hedge clipper . he snag a aluminum baseball bat and slide two doughnut shape weight onto the end . and he take out a acoustic guitar and slide it over he shoulder by the strap . flagstaff watch , bemuse , then look up at the store . flagstaff I use to love grocery shopping . albuquerque no one love grocery shopping . albuquerque slam the tailgate shut with a flourish and Marches toward the front door , flagstaff in tow . albuquerque the whole ' zomby only eat human flesh 's thing ? total myth . 41 . they 'il eat anything . I know ' cause I have see ‘em eat tofu , black licorice , and fourteen of the fifteen offering from lean cuisine . albuquerque step on the door pad , and the door slide open . albuquerque which one will not they touch ? a bit of a head scratcher : teriyaki Chicken . int . grocery store - day we be now inside the grocery store , where albuquerque stride toward the aisle . flagstaff slink behind , hold he shotgun . the place be a mess , food strewn everywhere . flagstaff ( v.o. ) when albuquerque go hulk on a zombie , he set the standard for not - to- be-fuck - with . intensely violent . creatively violent . no fear . like he 's get nothing to lose . I wish I do not feel such a rush watch it , but what can I say ? it 's like ... art . as if on cue , a hugely obese zombie jump out from behind a counter . albuquerque unsling the guitar , spin , and brain the zombie with it . then albuquerque make like a member of the clash , raising the guitar over he head and bring it down on the zombie again and again . suddenly , a second morbidly obese zombie rush on . this time , albuquerque ready the baseball bat with the doughnut weight . he cock and swing like Alex rodriguez , crushing its head into a display of snack . at last , one final fat zombie waddle toward albuquerque . he face it with a smile , hold up the big hedge clipper . he snap they a couple time . the zombie pause , concerned . CUT to : the now -bloody hedge clipper slide across the floor , toss aside . flagstaff 's mouth be open . he 's half amaze , half nauseate . albuquerque look at the three hugely fat dead Zombies . albuquerque this three really let themselves go . 42 . flagstaff be a zombie be depress . and what cure depression ? dessert food . albuquerque 's eye widen as he consider this . all at once , he dash into the dessert food aisle . a couple beat . albuquerque walk out slowly , angrily , discard a couple empty twinkie box . to add insult to injury , he stroll into the freezer aisle , look , then pluck out a package . he walk over and hand it to flagstaff : a pristine BOX of lean cusine 's teriyaki chicken . albuquerque ( sigh ) get a quarter ? I wanna ride the rocket ship . flagstaff which leave I the pony ! albuquerque be nearly out the door when he suddenly stop . he motion for flagstaff to be still . albuquerque hear that ? we hear the sound of movement in a aisle . flagstaff raise he shotgun . slowly , albuquerque and flagstaff inch around the corner of the aisle to see what 's make the noise . stand in the aisle be the woman of flagstaff 's dream , twenty -someth , bedraggle , but naturally gorgeous , who also just happen to be ... ... the con - woman from the red BMW . flagstaff ( v.o. ) all I could think , all I could think , be what be the odd : another ' marriageable woman 's to bring home to the folk . Zombieland 's like eharmony , only fewer gruesome surprise ! someone 's ear 's in danger of have hair brush over it ... but flagstaff 's excited , expectant expression fade as the woman 's face contort into anguish and terror . woman come quick ... 43. the woman turn toward the back of the store . albuquerque and flagstaff share a anxious look . albuquerque Guard the front door . ext . grocery store - day flagstaff be plant outside the store , stand guard , nervously shifting he weight from foot to foot . albuquerque ( 0.s. ) flagstaff ! int . grocery store - day albuquerque have flagstaff by the arm , lead he to the back of the store . albuquerque ( voice lower ) they be sister . the young one 's be bitten . Act normal . do not freak she out ... albuquerque throw open the door to the butcher shop . albuquerque flagstaff ... meet wichita ... and stillwater . wichita be the woman from the red BMW . and yes , stillwater be she will - year - old sister . Zombieland have clearly take its toll on this two , but they be still alive , which be all that count . stillwater sit languidly against a counter . she look pale , sweaty . flagstaff shake wichita 's hand , then stillwater 's . as he shake with stillwater , he eye dart to a bloody , mouth - shape wound on she wrist . stillwater close , then open she eye . stillwater you do all this ... for a twinkie ? flagstaff he do , actually . I be more of a ... second banana . wichita pull albuquerque and flagstaff aside . the three talk in hushed tone . 44 , flagstaff she do not have long . wichita I know . ( gather she composure ) and she know . we be just look for a way out . wichita 's eye go to flagstaff 's shotgun . flagstaff 's follow she gaze , then shake he head . flagstaff oh no you do not . she 's just a girl . stillwater do not talk about I like I be not here ! flagstaff ( cross to stillwater ) I know you be sick , but , she want I to ... stillwater it 's not she decision . it 's mine . I make she promise . I make she promise . we already say goodbye . but we do not have a gun . flagstaff this may sound crazy , but we be still not sure there 's no cure ! you never know ... stillwater you be just gutless . give he the gun . she motion toward albuquerque , who 's currently lose in the ethical dilemma of the moment . but he hear stillwater 's wish . after a few beat , he stride over and grab hold of the shotgun . flagstaff resist , but he yank it away . flagstaff turn he back , disgust , as albuquerque step tentatively toward stillwater . wichita bite she lip . wichita wait . wichita hold out she hand . wichita I 'il do it . 45 . albuquerque hesitates , then hand the shotgun to wichita . she muster she poise and walk over to she sister . stillwater and wichita share a poignant glance , then take each other 's hand . wichita squeeze stillwater 's palm . she check the gun for shell ( they be there ) , then close it . albuquerque be there anything we can do ? wichita since you mention it ... wichita turn the shotgun away from stillwater and point it right at albuquerque . wichita ... we will take you car key , weapon , ammunition ... stillwater pop off the floor with a burst of energy and a smirk . stillwater .-- and if you have get it , sugarless gum . flagstaff turn around . what the hell ?! albuquerque swallow he surprise . he point to stillwater 's ' bite 's : albuquerque what 's that ? stillwater ( as in , ' you be such a dummy ... anyone in there ? ’) hello ? ( gesture to the room in which they be stand ) Butcher shop . stillwater rub off the cow blood . there 's no wound at all . flagstaff look stunne . flagstaff why would you do this ? wichita ( take ammo from flagstaff ) better you make the mistake of trust we . than we make the mistake of trust you . flagstaff ( v.o. ) and my folk would have be so pleased . flagstaff I could not be more bum . wichita life 's a bitch . albuquerque look . who as. talk . wichita snatch albuquerque 's key . ext. / int . 10 freeway / escalade - day wichita drive albuquerque 's escalade west down the freeway . stillwater sit in the passenger seat . wichita flip down the visor and look in the vanity mirror . she wince at she close - up appearance , immediately flipping the visor back up . wichita avoid the vanity mirror . stillwater relax . I just pass for a zombie ! stillwater flip down she own mirror and frown . stillwater I be have a bad hair month . wichita ( smile ) if there be a Olympic for greasy ? ( point to stillwater ) gold . stillwater smile , too . but the smile fade . wichita try to drum up a little spirit : wichita remind I what we hear about the Magic Kingdom . stillwater Zombie-free . wichita good enough for I ... 46 . 47 . wichita plant the accelerator on the floor . ext . leland , arizona - day albuquerque and flagstaff be trolling through leland , look for a replacement for the escalade . flagstaff be carry albuquerque 's duffel bag on top of he rolling suitcase like a sherpa . flagstaff what I be gonna miss most ? albuquerque uh-huh . flagstaff sure ? albuquerque stare impatiently at flagstaff . flagstaff the twenty -inch wheel . follow by the bucket seat . with the lumbar . ( look at albuquerque ) and the rich ... premium ... audio . be this really help ? albuquerque do what you want to a guy . but do not fuck with he cadillac . flagstaff ( point ) there 's a nice minivan . albuquerque ( brighten ) yeah , nice ! albuquerque approach the minivan in question , pause for effect , and then kick the live shit out of it . smashes in the door panel . rip off the side- view mirror . jump up and down on the hood . then fall right back into step with flagstaff , who have keep on walk . a few beat pass . then : albuquerque I pull something . flagstaff stretch ... 48 . albuquerque be the two of we smart enough to come up with a con like that ? flagstaff eye albuquerque and hesitate . albuquerque oh , man . you hesitate . ( sees something in the distance , pause ) question : be it better to be smart ? or ... lucky ? albuquerque break into a sprint . flagstaff follows . ext . hummer h2 - day flagstaff finish he jog , where he find albuquerque already circle he new discovery ... ..- a brand spanking new hummer h2 , in black , park askew in some guy 's driveway , smack into a wooden garage support . albuquerque throw open the driver 's door and find a key in the ignition . he turn it , and the hummer roar to life . albuquerque cackle . flagstaff open the passenger door and dutifully , cautiously peer into the back seat . superimpose onscreen : a title : 31 . check the back seat sitting on the back seat be a big paramilitary - style canvas bag . flagstaff examine the bag : you do not think ..? he look up at the house , which have a confederate flag fly . flagstaff slowly pull back the zipper to discover a array of wicked - looking paramilitary weaponry . flagstaff gently clear he throat to get albuquerque 's attention . albuquerque turn and look into the bag . albuquerque no. Way . twin .50 caliber desert eagle pistol . two combat shotguns . box of ammunition . and the crown glory ... a absolutely pristine , deadly , monstrous steyr aug automatic rifle . albuquerque be a twelve - year - old boy again : albuquerque this be a really big truck . ( deep breath ) and this be really big gun . 49 , flagstaff clap he on the shoulder . flagstaff take you time . int . hummer h2 - day flagstaff sit patiently in the passenger seat of the hummer , yawning . visible behind flagstaff in the rear window ( out of focus due to the long lens , and muffle because he 's outside the close truck ) be albuquerque , who fire a burst with the automatic rifle to test it , then start whooping like a idiot , dance , and punch the air in celebration ( inspire by a famous shot from ' ferris bueller 's Day off 's ) . at last , albuquerque open the driver 's door and hop in . flagstaff done ? albuquerque maayybe . albuquerque floors the hummer , splintering the rest of the garage support and bounce onto the street . ext./ int . 10 freeway / hummer -— day the hummer head down the freeway , albuquerque and flagstaff in the front seat . flagstaff you be scary happy . albuquerque you get sentimental , you talk about home . for I , home be a dog name Buck ... CUT to : int . bathroom - day - flashback in flashback , the pre - zombieland albuquerque be give he german shepherd puppy buck a bath . albuquerque shape the fur on Buck 's head into a mohawk and laugh at the sight . CUT back to : int . hummer - day back in the hummer , albuquerque continue he story . 50 . albuquerque there 's no get he back . so I be look for a new home . and by home I do not mean Mom 's tuna surprise , or some bullshit place with no zomby . I mean something ... anything ... that make I feel one one - thousandth of the way I do around Buck . tomorrow , maybe that 's skinny - dip in the Yellowstone River ... the next day , maybe swinging from the chandelier in the lincoln bedroom . but today ? a vortec 6 liter V - 8 . a boxful of .50 cal . and lord willing , a g.d. twinkie . gotta enjoy the little thing ... albuquerque turn on the CD player . a song begin : billy joel 's ' keeping the faith . 's there be no better music for feel good when you should otherwise be feel bad . albuquerque stick he head out the SUN roof , sing into the wind : albuquerque gonna listen to my forty - fives ! ai not it wonderful to be alive , when the rock - n - roll play ! albuquerque inadvertently catch a bug in the mouth . he hack . flagstaff pull out a tiny notebook and write in it . flagstaff ( v.o. ) I hate to give credit to anyone who eat bug . but I be even write it down . rule # 32 for survive Zombieland - enjoy the Little thing . albuquerque consider something , momentarily lower the volume on the stereo , and hit the on-star button . detroit ( v.o. ) on - Star . how can I help you ? albuquerque Detroit , albuquerque . detroit ( v.o. ) handsome ! albuquerque we need another grocery store . and before I forget , we find a new ride . 51 . detroit ( v.o. ) a hummer ! you stud . I be so relieved ! after what happen to the caddy ... albuquerque start to nod , then stop with a frown . albuquerque you know what happen to the escalade ? detroit ( v.o . ) just it 's be dead for a hour . mile marker two -ten . ' check engine 's light on . I be worried . but you find a new ride . so it 's all good . albuquerque and flagstaff share a look . albuquerque it 's alllll good . albuquerque hit the gas . he be practically salivate . the hummer turn onto the 10 freeway , head west . flagstaff fidget in he seat uncomfortably . flagstaff they say ' he who seek revenge should remember to dig two grave ...’ albuquerque right . two grave . one for the big chick . and one for the little chick . albuquerque turn the volume back up , and ' keeping the faith 's resume at full blast . ext . 10 freeway - day ' keeping the faith 's keep play as the hummer zoom down the 10 freeway ... through a forest of joshua tree ... under a blood -red SUN ... a gorgeous hawk fly overhead . flagstaff can not help but admire the fiery landscape . superimpose onscreen : a title : 32 . enjoy the Little thing dissolve to : 52. ext . / int . valley / hummer - later the SUN be low in the sky over the Arizona desert . the hummer be park at the top of a valley , about a mile across , high on one side , high on the other , depressed in the middle . the freeway run right down to the valley floor and up the other side . and at the exact bottom sit albuquerque 's escalade , its hood pop . albuquerque watch through high - powered binoculars . flagstaff look on . Three letter have be add to albuquerque 's big number ' 3 's on the side of the suv . it now read , ' h3lp 's ( help ) . there look to be movement under the hood , as evidence by some move cloth and a shadow on the ground . albuquerque ( grab he steyr aug rifle ) know they ? it 's a trap . stay here . drive down if I signal . flagstaff you be not gonna shoot they ? albuquerque not unless they shoot at I . ( slap a clip into the steyr aug ) let 's hope they shoot at I . ext . / int . valley / hummer - day albuquerque walk toward the escalade in the smartest , stealthiest way possible , use all available cover , steyr aug raised . he look under the truck . no one there . he throw open the tailgate . no one there . at last , he peer around the hood . a blouse be hang from the raise hood ornament on a hanger , ostensibly to provide shade for whoever be work under the hood . that 's what be cause the move shadow ... albuquerque step carefully away from the escalade until he 's safely fifty yard off , surround by flat , empty desert . then he signal flagstaff to drive down . CUT to : flagstaff pull up to albuquerque in the hummer . albuquerque clamber into the passenger seat . 53 . albuquerque they must have hoof it . flagstaff smile timidly at albuquerque , but doesn ’t answer . albuquerque probably west . flagstaff cock he head ... that would be logical . albuquerque drive slowly , eye open . flagstaff bite he lip but do not hit the gas . albuquerque stare for a moment , then face forward . albuquerque they be in the back seat , huh ? flagstaff nods apologetically . stillwater just I ! stillwater pop up in the back seat , point flagstaff 's old shotgun at the back of albuquerque 's neck . its barrel have be sawed off . albuquerque ( glimpsis stillwater , then stare at flagstaff ) you get take hostage . by a eleven - year - old . flagstaff she 's way ahead of where I be at that age . stillwater eleven 's the new seventeen ! ( to albuquerque ) gun , please . albuquerque ( eye stillwater 's shotgun ) saw off the barrel ? stillwater ( nod ) barely have to aim . albuquerque like you have ever shoot that th- 54 . before albuquerque can even finish he sentence , stillwater immediately , without hesitation , fire two shotgun blast out the window . then , before albuquerque 's even recover from he flinch , she rapidly eject the shell , slide in two new one , and slap the gun close again . albuquerque Jesus ! a little agro ! stillwater all that violent video game ... albuquerque quickly hand he rifle into the back seat . stillwater ( to flagstaff ) drive . flagstaff drive up the far side of the valley . stillwater now flash you brights . flagstaff flash the brights . immediately , wichita emerge from a cluster of rock , so well hidden it 's like she 's emerge from thin air . albuquerque raise a eyebrow . flagstaff ( to albuquerque , gesture toward stillwater ) she be hide even better . ( off albuquerque 's glare ) ' Cause she 's smaller . wichita aim the AK - 47 at flagstaff and open he door . wichita I be the first to admit . this be a little awkward . step away from the vehicle ... ext . valley - moment later albuquerque and flagstaff stand by they duffel bag and roller suitcase , respectively . they stare helplessly as wichita and stillwater load the last of they own gear into the hummer , shut the door , and pull away . albuquerque asshole . joke 's on they . look what I swipe from under the seat ! 55 . a self-satisfied albuquerque hold open the manila envelope from earlier , full of costume jewelry ring . flagstaff roll he eye . albuquerque and flagstaff watch as they nemese head west , literally drive off into the sunset . dissolve to : int . hummer - day wichita and stillwater cruise west on the 10 freeway , laughing as they discuss the guy . wichita with the muscle and the glass . and how he suck in he stomach . I be guess high school football trainer . probably tape a lotta ankle . smell like bengay . stillwater ( shake head ) Pool guy . or concert security . with the yellow jacket . and the metal detector stick . ' kid , gotta ask you to open that backpack ! 's wichita now we will never know . ( shrug ) maybe we be underestimate he ... quick CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - day - flashback a flashback of the pre-Zombieland albuquerque work he most recent job . he 's not taping ankle . he 's on a STREET , spinning one of that big cardboard real estate arrow sign . albuquerque 's a disaster . the sign keep dropping . whacking he in the face . launching off he finger into traffic . a driver of a convertible get naile in the head and swerve . quick CUT back to : int . hummer - day stillwater Nah . wichita and the skinny one ? 56 . stillwater ( roll eye ) get some sun ! wichita he kinda scream ... kinko 's . stillwater something geeky ... quick CUT to : int . best buy - day - flashback flagstaff be wear a blue ' best buy 's shirt , play virtual tennis on a nintendo wii in the video game department , try hard to impress a hot female customer . he swing the controller back to hit a forehand and wipe out a entire display case . quick CUT back to : int . hummer - day stillwater amazing . wichita what ? stillwater how they get this far . make it way out here . they should be proud . wichita they can die happy . ( realize she ominous word choice ) I mean ... stillwater hear this and steal a few glance at the vast , burn , empty desert ... as far as the eye can see . wichita keep look determinedly ahead down the road . stillwater 's last glance be over she shoulder . then she look over at wichita , who slowly return the stare . wichita no . stillwater ok . 57 . a beat . wichita no ! stillwater ok ! wichita we be not go back ! they be dangerous ! stillwater right . wichita o.k. , not dangerous . pathetic . but what do we say ? stillwater just you and I . wichita you and I . even if it mean leave behind the slow or the weak . stillwater or one slow . and one weak . wichita right . a couple beat . stillwater I see this Discovery Channel show . on wildebeest herd . they always wait for the slow and the weak . that way , when the lion show up ... they only eat the slow and the weak . wichita , who have turn back to the road , slowly turn back to look at stillwater again . they share a sly look . ext . 10 freeway / hummer - day we see the hummer from behind . its brake light come on . smash CUT to : ext./ int . 10 freeway / hummer - day the hummer be now full . wichita be drive . albuquerque sit in the passenger seat . 58 . stillwater be sit ' bitch 's ( backseat middle ) , aim she sawed - off shotgun at flagstaff , who sit beside she to she leave , look giddy . flagstaff ( v.0 . ) that face ? that 's I realize ... a ) I just get pick up by the girl of my dream ... B ) she can not use the ' boyfriend 's shield ... and C ) my lone competition 's only life goal be eat a sponge cake with creamy fill . superimpose onscreen : 3 title , display consecutively as flagstaff talk about they : a ) picked up by girl of dream B ) ' boyfriend 's Excuse out of date C ) competition weak flagstaff thanks , guy . you have really big heart . albuquerque 's knee be nearly up to he chest . albuquerque and really short leg . albuquerque hit the electric seat lever , move the seat backward . stillwater make one more adjustment to my seat , and you be riding ' bitch . 's stillwater shift she shotgun from flagstaff to the back of albuquerque 's head . albuquerque turn and flinch slightly at the sight of the barrel . albuquerque last time I call ' shotgun ! 's albuquerque make a little face at stillwater , then rebelliously tweak he headrest . smash CUT to : albuquerque , now sit ' bitch 's in the backseat with stillwater . flagstaff be now riding up front , equally uncomfortable with the seat position of a 1l- year - old girl . 59 . flagstaff he 's get a point . stillwater it 's like a 8 - position seat ! it take I forever to find the perfect spot ! CUT to : int . hummer - day - flashback stillwater be perch in the passenger seat , adjusting it with the lever . up. down. backward . forward . back down . up again . desperately struggle to find a comfortable position . she seem to get cozy . then make one more adjustment . CUT back to : int . hummer - day albuquerque you must be exhaust . stillwater kinda . yeah . awkward silence . at last , flagstaff look for a open , anything to engage wichita . flagstaff keep it under 75 and you can eke out a few extra mile a gallon . wichita not so worried about global warming , tipper . apocalypse and all . flagstaff stare ... this girl be a spitfire ! flagstaff ( v.o. ) oh , and D ) cupid just shot I in the heel with a arrow . ( reach down , grimace ) that or my foot 's pin under the seat ... superimpose onscreen , a fourth title : D ) Love hurt 60 . ext./ int . 10 freeway / hummer - later it 's a little while later . the hummer zoom to the west at a pretty good clip . flagstaff and wichita sit in silence . in back , albuquerque and stillwater battle like Ali and frasier . albuquerque you guy gotta sleep sometime . albuquerque drag he finger from one ear , across he neck , to the other ear . yep . the old slice - the-throat symbol . stillwater smirk , take she index finger that 's not on the shotgun trigger , suck on it ... and then twirl it into albuquerque 's ear . yep . the old wet willy . albuquerque ( ballistic ) you do not ! flagstaff ( to wichita ) he grow on you . wichita really ? flagstaff nope . wichita how ' bout we play the quiet game ? start now . flagstaff I have be meaning to ask . you be come from the direction of flagstaff . you do not happen to ..? wichita never play the quiet game before ? ( off flagstaff 's lip-bite ) well they be play it in flagstaff . total ghost town . burn to the ground . ( turn to albuquerque ) wait. you be ... ' albuquerque ? 's ( off albuquerque 's nod , turn back to flagstaff , wince ) and you be ... ' flagstaff ? 's flagstaff nod . the silence be deafen . he 's be hit square in the gut . 61 . wichita I be so sorry . I do not realize it be ... flagstaff ( v.o. ) ..- home . CUT to : int . kitchen - day - flashback we see the same home video from earlier of flagstaff as a boy , with mom and dad . dad hug flagstaff . flagstaff ( v.o. ) where my family be suppose to be wait . in my heart of heart , I know this day would come . the day home leave I . for good . CUT back to : ext. / int . 10 freeway / hummer - day flagstaff slowly sit back in he seat , he eye mist over with tear . wichita we will take you as far as civilization . you can get a new car . go see for yourself . or else maybe ... settle somewhere new . at last , stillwater reach over and move flagstaff 's seat back so he knee be not up in he face . as gesture go , it 's the best she can do ... flagstaff give she a appreciative look . ext./ int . abandoned homestead / hummer - sunset the sun be about to go down over the desert . the hummer pull off the freeway and into the driveway of a old , abandon homestead . flagstaff sit up , shaking off the cobweb . wichita just for the night ... int . homestead - night wichita , flagstaff , albuquerque , and stillwater busy the homestead for a night 's sleep . 62 . flagstaff finish snooping from room to room and enter the kitchen , where wichita be poke around . flagstaff Zombie-free ... wichita cool. you ... ok ? flagstaff shrug , but give she a optimistic smile : ' under the circumstance ... 's flagstaff ( v.o. ) pretend you be albuquerque . and she 's a zombie . no fear . nothing to lose . wichita try the faucet ( there 's no water ) . then she start go through cupboard , pluck out foodstuff . flagstaff so where you guy head ? wichita disneyland . she 's never be . flagstaff think this count as off-season ! Space Mountain will have a very manageable line . if you want , I can go with . protect you from tigger , case he 's go zombie . wichita tigger ? no chance . he 's get crazy hop . ( go to that happy place ) I always want to play tigger . imagine just stand there ... and inspiring pure , ador love . angle on flagstaff staring at wichita purely , adoringly , lovingly . she suddenly notice and look uncomfortable , and he realize . flagstaff ( cover ) yeah . imagine ... int . homestead live room - night albuquerque place down blanket and pillow in the live room , all in front of stillwater 's carefully aim shotgun . albuquerque it 's like a ' jama party ! 63 . stillwater ( drip sarcasm ) yay ! albuquerque a ' jama party where if somebody fall asleep , they be get stab in the back between the rib so the knife point enter they lung instead of they heart . that way they can not draw breath to scream . ( off stillwater 's unconcern stare ) it 's ok to show fear . wichita and flagstaff enter the live room . wichita toss can of food to albuquerque and flagstaff . wichita when you tongue say ' beet , 's make you brain hear ' twinkies ! 's ( to stillwater ) you take first watch . int . homestead live room - later it 's later in the live room . wichita lie asleep on the couch . flagstaff be konk out on the floor . albuquerque sit in a chair eat can beet with a spoon . stillwater sit in the next chair , vigilantly watching with she shotgun . stillwater can not believe you like beet . albuquerque they be a natural stimulant . keep a man awake . whoa . check this spoon . it 's so ... albuquerque hold he spoon in front of stillwater 's face , swinging it slowly from side to side to hypnotize she . albuquerque .-- shiiiiny . stillwater horse 's ass . albuquerque immediately chuck the spoon over he shoulder . albuquerque Fine . but I be crafty . once I close my eye ? 64 . ( point to he face ) you will not be able to tell the difference . between ' sleepy time . 's and ' go time . 's CUT to : albuquerque , in the exact same spot , except now hilariously , obviously asleep . head bow . mouth ridiculously open . drool form . gruesome snoring noise . stillwater smile . stillwater gonna go with ' sleepy time . 's dissolve to : int . homestead live room - morning the SUN come in the window of the live room . wichita now sit in one of the chair with the shotgun , guard a sleep stillwater , albuquerque , and flagstaff . at the sight of the sunbeam , she walk to the window and look at she reflection in the glass . grimy skin . stringy hair . she smell something unpleasant , then realize it 's simply herself , sniff under she arm with a grimace . wichita be examine she reflection again when she eye widen . we rack focus from the pane of glass to the view beyond , behind the homestead . there , elevate about five foot off the ground , be a big water drum . ext . homestead back yard - morning wichita march across the yard , hold some supplies . she knock on the side of the drum and hear a watery echo . then she stack the supplies next to the drum . a hose ... a small hack-saw ... some duct -tape .. a hammer ... a big drill bit ... .-.and a bar of soap and bottle of shampoo . wichita go to work . in close - up , we see she sawing the hose . use the bit and hammer to punch a hole in the side of the drum . inserting the hose piece . taping it tight . kinking the hose . then unkinking it for a moment to see the water spill out onto she hand . Crystal clear . but cold . wichita kink the hose again just in time for stillwater to walk outside . wichita show off she handiwork . wichita shower ? stillwater nuh-uh ! 65 . wichita we will let the sun heat the water . meantime , you guard the truck . I be search the storage shed . ( pause ) what 's wrong ? stillwater ( overcome with giddiness ) I love you very much . wichita Society ? collapse . population ? destroy . Hair ? bouncy . int . homestead live room - continuous flagstaff stir awake on the floor next to a still - sleep albuquerque . flagstaff ( v.o. ) there be two moment familiar to anyone who 's live in Zombieland : the moment you wake up in the morning , right before you remember about zomby . flagstaff open he eye , obliviously happy . flagstaff ( v.o. ) and then the moment you remember . flagstaff 's expression immediately grow anxious . he take a deep breath , then gather he courage to face the day . flagstaff ( v.o. ) it 's a scary world out there , but someone 's gotta poop they pants in it . might as well be I . flagstaff stand up and stride outside . int . homestead storage shed - continuous flagstaff walk into the storage shed , where he hear a bit of banging . he discover wichita , back turn to he , bent over , look through some box . he stand perfectly still , silently , mesmerize by the sight of she ass . 66 . flagstaff ( v.o. ) I have keep quiet in some tight spot . but never this quiet . and never that ... tight . suddenly , wichita catch a glimpse of flagstaff ogling she from under she arm . she spin around . wichita creepy . flagstaff I can explain . mm. no. I can not. ( indicate ' bye 's ) I 'il just be ... wichita .-- help I look through box ? flagstaff yes be ! ( can not believe that come out ) ' yes be ? 's what be this , civil war Atlanta ?! yes mar ’am . even though you do not seem like a ... mar ’am. ( shuffles toward box ) I be a good ... helper ... of ... look through ... box ... flagstaff ( v.o . ) if anyone get a clean shot , take I out . flagstaff and wichita go through box side - by-side . wichita do not take this wrong . but I will never , ever sleep with you . flagstaff totally fine ! ( think ) even if we be the last two ..? wichita ...- people on earth ? ( shake head ) actual danger of that . flagstaff ( think , smirk ) I get handsomer by the death ! the two start to chuckle . 67 . wichita so how 's my ass ? tiggerific ? flagstaff right , I be go there . ext . homestead back yard - continuous now albuquerque saunter out into the back yard , yawn and stretch , rub crumb from he eye . he stop . frown . put on he glass . spy the jury-rigged shower . CUT to : albuquerque , now naked , under the hose , let the water pour all over he . he luxuriate in it , pick up the soap , scrub -a-dub-dubs ... next he start gargling with the water ... spraying it out of he mouth like a gargoyle ... vigorously slapping he chest . then shampooing ... reach for the shampoo bottle again ... albuquerque lather ... rinse ... repeat ... ( sing from the old ad ) gonna wash that gray right outta my hair ! int . homestead storage shed - continuous wichita and flagstaff stop what they be do and listen to the sound of distant singing . ext . homestead driveway - continuous stillwater turn . she , too , can hear the sing , even louder . she strain to hear the word . albuquerque ( 0.s. ) ( soft , distant ) gonna wash that gray right outta my hair ! ext . homestead back yard - continuous we be on albuquerque in medium shot , back turn to the homestead , still shower , when we see three blurry figure enter the frame behind he . he knead he muscle , toss back he head like a supermodel , then freeze , open he eye . we rack focus to wichita , stillwater , and flagstaff stand behind the homestead , watch . albuquerque turn around and face they . 68 . albuquerque come on in ! the water 's ... the shower suddenly slow to a trickle . albuquerque frown . albuquerque ... fine ? albuquerque check the hose , which have begin merely to drip . could it be ? he bang on the tub . the water be gone ! we pan slowly from flagstaff to wichita to stillwater ... each one look grimier and grosser than the one before ... each one look more murderous than the one before . albuquerque 's gaze narrow . albuquerque that 's my bad right there . smash CUT to : ext . homestead driveway - morning the hummer literally sprays dust as it launch out of the driveway ... leave albuquerque and flagstaff behind yet again . albuquerque and flagstaff watch the girl drive off in silence . albuquerque knock a little water out of he ear . flagstaff slowly turn to stare dagger into he . albuquerque I be just as disappointed as you be . flagstaff ( all business ) ' Bout a mile back . we pass a car ... behind some bush . we gotta catch she ! ( cover ) uhh ... they . ext./ int . 10 freeway / car - day we be now in a two - shot of albuquerque and flagstaff , drive down the freeway again . they be cover in flop sweat from the car hunt . albuquerque 's in a foul mood . albuquerque bitches ! fool I once , shame on I . fool I twice , shame on you . fool I three ... wait , it 's once , you . twice , I . Three ..? 69 . ( bewilder ) who 's the shame on ? flagstaff you . albuquerque go fuck yourself . and the same to the pussy who drive this p.o.s . the camera immediately pull back to reveal albuquerque and flagstaff , back hunched , head bowed in a tiny old geo metro . albuquerque once I work out this neck crick . payback time . albuquerque floors the metro , without consequence . Beyond frustrated , he pull back on the steering wheel over and over as though try to rip it out of the car . dissolve to : ext. / int . 10 freeway / geo metro - day white lane marker hypnotically zoom past as grandmaster flash 's ' white line 's thump , albeit distortedly , from the Metro 's blow , tinny tweeter . we're on the outskirt of Los Angeles . we see a sign : ' enter Los Angeles County . 's a spray-paint not 's punctuate ' Los . 's flagstaff ( v.o. ) ( repeat the famous lyric ) ' ticket to ride the white line highway . 's I know what you be think . the white line be move in the wrong direction ... back where I start . the music dip . flagstaff ( v.o. ) but Zombieland have a way of mess with you sense of direction . now I be after the girl . until I find she , I could do a lot worse than my old friend beverly ... Hills . L.A. look eerily empty . 70 . flagstaff ( nervous ) honest ? I kinda miss the traffic . ext ./ int . beverly hill / car - day the geo metro coast past the mansion of beverly Hills . albuquerque be drive . flagstaff be look around anxiously . ' White line 's have be replace by a creepy , suspenseful cue . flagstaff see movement in some oleander bush , but whatever cause it be quickly go . flagstaff we gotta find somewhere safe . now . trust I , L.A. 's mess up . albuquerque yeah ? I too . ( look , frown ) not gonna lie . I picture Tom Cruise live somewhere nicer . wanna try jay leno 's ? flagstaff raise a map in front of he face ... but not just any map , a STAR map . he and albuquerque have be trolling the neighborhood for a pad to set up shop . flagstaff ( eye light up ) slow-slow-slow ! albuquerque slow down , and flagstaff point out a monstrous , gorgeous 5 - acre compound , surround by a fence , dense foliage , and a massive wringht - iron gate with a ' be in the center . he look back toward the oleander bush across the street , where a creepy zombie part the bush and stare . flagstaff ( point ) fast-fast-fast ! albuquerque peel out , swing a doughnut in front of the gate , and park . flagstaff fumble with he door handle . ext . compound - day thud ! albuquerque 's duffel bag land in a clump of foliage , follow by ... thunk ... flagstaff 's roller suitcase . whack ! flagstaff and albuquerque jump down from the fence and into the back yard of the compound . 71 . then ... boom ! the zombie who be watch they smashes into the fence on the other side , shaking it angrily , reaching futilely through the bar from mere foot away . albuquerque ignore the zombie and set off through thick underbrush to make it into the yard itself . flagstaff fearfully gather they stuff and follow he , still play the role of the sherpa . albuquerque emerge from the foliage , follow by flagstaff , who stop to carefully examine he own clothes , limb , and hair . albuquerque look back at flagstaff questioningly . flagstaff tick check . albuquerque roll he eye and continue toward the mansion . int . mansion rec room - day a french door open onto a downstairs rec room . albuquerque walk quietly into the house , follow by flagstaff . there 's a pool table in the middle of the room . albuquerque grab a pool stick and toss it to flagstaff . then he take one for himself . not the most deadly of weapon , but they 's 11 have to do for now ... int . live room - day flagstaff and albuquerque , pool stick at the ready , climb the stair to the main floor , dominate by a gorgeous live room . there , spread all around the room , be monument to the career of a certain Hollywood actor : poster of ' the outsider . 's ' Road House . 's ' Red Dawn . 's a surfboard from ' Point break 's ( sit on a see -horse ) . a rickshaw from ' City of Joy . 's albuquerque stop in front of the poster . he look giddy , maybe even a little overwhelm . flagstaff welcome to La casa De swayze . albuquerque confession ? Patrick swayze be my hero . I can say that , right ? flagstaff you can . you should not ... albuquerque I be just a kid . my dad be outta the picture . and that 's when I see ' the outsider . 's Cruise . macchio . lowe . Thomas -howell . flagstaff think it 's just ' howell . 's albuquerque ( completely ignore this ) estevez . dillon . and Patrick swayze . Rest of ‘em be not fit to hold he jock . and after ' outsider ? 's ' renegade . 's ' Red Dawn . 's ' Road House . 's albuquerque execute a karate move from the movie . flagstaff quite a run . albuquerque I model my life after swayze 's . then just like that , it end . my sis bring home a betamax of swayze 's latest movie . I sit and watch my hero slip on a tank top . and dance the pachanga . ( snap out of it ) you imagine what that be like ? flagstaff ( nod ) I see the movie . albuquerque dirty . Fucking . Dancing . never have a man who kick so much ass ... shake ... so much ass . ( angry far - off stare ) I never forgive the son-of - a-bitch . int . patrick swayze 's kitchen - day albuquerque finish throw open a series of cupboard . albuquerque and no twinkies either ! albuquerque slam shut the nearest cupboard angrily . 73 . albuquerque I know we shoulda go to travolta 's ! flagstaff ( whisper ... ' be quiet ! ’) hello ... ' inside voice ! 's ' til we make sure we be alone . you take upstairs ... int . master suite - day albuquerque make sure the coast be clear in the master suite , confidently stride around the room , pause to admire the wide - screen tv . int . laundry room - day by contrast , a trepidant flagstaff use he pool stick to flip a light switch in the downstairs laundry room . int . exercise room - day albuquerque search a exercise room , pause to do a couple cable - pulley crossover chest exercise in the mirror . still get it ... int . powder room - day flagstaff peer into a powder room , scrunches up he face in disgust , and use he pool stick to flush the toilet . int . guest bedroom - day albuquerque search a guest bedroom , nearly stepping on ( but failing to notice ) a grimy hand protrude from under the bed . the hand remain still , and albuquerque exit the room . int . foyer - day flagstaff and albuquerque spot each other ... albuquerque at the top of the stair , flagstaff at the bottom . flagstaff all clear ? albuquerque Crystal ! int . master suite - day albuquerque be back in the master suite , where he open the dvd player to find ' Road House 's already sit in it . 74 . albuquerque excellent ... albuquerque plop onto the master bed and watch ' Road House 's on the wide screen tv . he 's cue up the scene where the bad guy wield a pool stick in the bar , swinging it around like a martial art staff . int . live room - day downstair , flagstaff find a stereo and flip it on . he check the CD inside . no way ... flagstaff what be the chance . ( think ) actually probably pretty good . for fun , he cue up the right track , crank up the volume ... and hit ' play . 's we hear the first , distinctive note of Bill medley 's and Jennifer Warnes 's ‘( i've have ) the time of my life 's from the ' dirty Dancing 's soundtrack . as flagstaff walk back across the live room , a little ashamed , he can not suppress the tiniest of dance move . int . guest bedroom - continuous we be back upstairs , where we can now hear the music blasting from downstairs . still motionless underneath the bed that albuquerque forget to look under ... be the hand . and protrude from another side of the bed ... a bare foot . in time to the music , the foot start to involuntarily tap . int . live room - continuous flagstaff emerge from the kitchen with a tall glass of ice water , embarrassedly mouth the word to the song . int . guest bedroom - continuous the body under the bed crawl out and stand up . we only get a good glimpse of the legs and bare feet , blood -spatter , but none the worse for wear . they walk out of the room gracefully , as if belong to a dancer , in time to the music . 75 . int . live room - continuous flagstaff spy another treasure in the live room : the potter' wheel from ' ghost . 's this be just too much of a guilty pleasure . he embarrassedly sashays over to it and pop the lid on a bucket next to the wheel . there 's still clay inside ! flagstaff sit at the wheel , grab a chunk of clay , and use some of he glass of water to wet it down . then he turn on the machine , let the wheel get up to speed , and start to make a pot . int . stair - continuous as ‘( i've have ) the time of my life 's continue to play , the zombified legs / feet start walk down the stair . very gracefully . and still in time to the beat . int . master suite - continuous meanwhile , albuquerque can not really hear the music downstairs . he 's still way too engross in ' Road House . 's swayze be lighting up the screen in a knock - down drag - out fight with the villain . int . live room - continuous flagstaff be shaping he clay into a cylinder , make it rise , totally into it ... ..- when a figure approach he from behind , still out of focus , still oddly graceful somehow . the figure lower into frame , wrapping its arm around flagstaff , then finally close its hand around flagstaff 's hand on the spin clay . it 's as though flagstaff have be electrified . he yelp and leap into the air , stepping onto the spinning wheel . he immediately lose he balance and fall back onto the wheel . its momentum shoot he to one side , clear of the ominous figure . flagstaff roll to he knee and stare up into the face of the one ... the only ... ..-» patrick swayze . now zombiefy . horrify . and not just because of the bleed eye . tight jeans . tank top . and early - stage mullet . for so many reason ... flagstaff scream . 76 . int . master suite - continuous simultaneously , Kelly Lynch scream at the sight of the fight in ' Road House , 's masking flagstaff 's scream downstairs . albuquerque could not be more entrance . int . live room - continuous still set to the bouncy , upbeat song , flagstaff sprint around the live room with swayze in hot pursuit . it 's a totally frenetic chase -to-the-death . over counter - — top . coffee table . across the clay-spatter marble , which cause both flagstaff and swayze to slip and fall . flagstaff 's foot struggle to gain traction on the wet clay , but he manage to dive under the ' Point break 's surf board and then bounce back to he feet , keep it between he and swayze . flagstaff please ! I actually kinda like you in ' Point break ! 's swayze bull -rush , knock the surf board and flagstaff to the ground . he manage to grab hold of flagstaff 's shoe . flagstaff , desperate for any advantage , grab the surf board 's leash and tether it to swayze 's ankle . then he clay-spattered shoe slip from swayze 's grasp , but not before it pop off at the heel . flagstaff scurries away , try to unsuccessfully to stomp he heel back down into the shoe . swayze sprint after flagstaff again . the surf board drag behind he ankle , tugged by its leash . it swing in a wide arc and crush the potter 's wheel . the spin wheel entangles the leash and yank swayze back to the floor . flagstaff finally stoops to pull he shoe back over he heel . like lightning , swayze undoe the leash from he ankle and kip up to he feet . a awed flagstaff dash toward the far side of the room again , roll the ' City of Joy 's rickshaw between himself and swayze . swayze merely ballet -leap over it . at last , swayze horse -collar flagstaff and spin he around . from we vantage point across the room , it look like they very well might be dancing ! flagstaff raise a arm to protect himself , but swayze grab it and twirl he closer . as swayze finally pull he into he clutches , a voice ring out . 77 . albuquerque ( 0.s. ) May I cut in ? swayze , hold flagstaff like a dance partner , look up to see albuquerque , stand at the bottom of the stair , hold the pool stick menacingly at he side . albuquerque slowly step forward . for effect , he try to spin and twirl the pool stick around like the villain in the movie . only he 's terrible at it . he hilariously bang the stick off a lamp , then off the marble floor , which snap it nearly in half . albuquerque spend a couple second try to force the two halve back together , then chuck it aside . gonna rely on the fist . he point he index finger at swayze , then turn it around and beckon he , as if to say , ' come and get it . 's albuquerque let 's dance . swayze stare at albuquerque , uncomprehend behind the rage . flagstaff um . by ' dance , 's he mean ' fight . 's the swayze zombie have hear enough . he toss flagstaff aside and sprint across the room toward albuquerque . swayze snarl . albuquerque bellow back . at last , when he be within a couple foot of albuquerque , swayze leap forward at he ! albuquerque catch swayze at the waist with both hand and lift he up in the air until they be form a ' T , 's albuquerque with he hand straight overhead and swayze do a swan dive parallel to the ground . that 's right , it 's the classic ' lift 's perform by swayze and grey at the end of ' dirty Dancing . 's except this lift see swayze 's momentum carry he head - first into a pillar in the live room . there be a sicken crunch , and albuquerque drop a suddenly lifeless swayze - ker -thunk - to the ground . as if on cue , flagstaff pick up the stereo remote and kill the music . 78 . albuquerque ( repeat the classic line from ' dirty Dancing 's ) nobody put baby in a corner . flagstaff 's heel finally plop down into he shoe . he walk over to albuquerque , who angrily kick the motionless swayze , once for each career misstep . albuquerque that 's for ' dirty Dancing ! 's that 's for ' City of Joy ! 's that 's for ' Father Hood ! 's superimpose onscreen : a title : 3 . double tap . the title flash once for each of albuquerque 's kick . flagstaff and that 's for ' Havana Night ! 's flagstaff dispense a kick of he own , then allow himself a little smile . superimpose onscreen : a title : 32 . enjoy the Little thing albuquerque so whaddya think ? ' Zombie kill of the week ? 's bring to you by ... Mrs. renfro 's Black bean salsa ? flagstaff ( v.o. ) Close , but no cigar . Zombie kill of the week honors already go out to Cynthia newsome of Monroe , Louisiana ... CUT to : ext . suburban driveway - day we suddenly find ourselves in a sweet southern suburban neighborhood . a sixty -someth woman , cynthia newsome , drive recklessly into she driveway , scream . there be a zombie crawling through the sunroof of she chevy malibu as she drive , try to bite she . its waist and leg protrude out the top of the car . Cynthia hit the button of she garage door remote . the garage door start to open , slowly rise up . 79 . instead of wait for the door to rise all the way , Cynthia gun the accelerator . the door cut the zombie in half at the waist . flagstaff ( v.o. ) impressive . ext . compound - day with comical difficulty , flagstaff and albuquerque try to lift patrick swayze , now shroud in a sheet , up and over the fence surround the compound and into the yard next door . flagstaff ( strain under the weight ) actually glad ... we be not ... at ... travolta 's ... after some slapsticky moment , they finally manage to heave the body over the fence . swayze 's corpse tumble down the slope into the yard on the other side , rolling out of its sheet in the process . flagstaff bite he lip . flagstaff he deserve better . wrapping , I mean . the pair look at one another . should we bother ? Nah . they turn and walk back toward the house . flagstaff take out a small plastic bottle and squirt some solution on he hand . flagstaff purell ? albuquerque please . flagstaff toss albuquerque the bottle . albuquerque use some purell , then toss it back . flagstaff think sigourney weaver will get piss when she find swayze in she yard ? albuquerque ripley can deal . int . steam room - day albuquerque and flagstaff be live it up , swayze style . they be have a schvitz in Patrick 's steam room . we pan from albuquerque to flagstaff . albuquerque be wrap in a ' he 's towel , flagstaff stick with ' hers . 's 80 . int . master suite - later albuquerque and flagstaff lounge in two big plush chair in swayze 's bedroom . albuquerque be now in swayze 's silk robe ... and cowboy boot . flagstaff , by contrast , be sport high - waist slack and a big-collare shirt , straight from swayze 's ' Road House 's day . they be both look and feel refresh . relaxed . in the master suite be a huge oil painting of Patrick bare - back a horse , he mullet blow in the wind . on the table to flagstaff 's right be a BOX : ' conversation starter . 's why not ? flagstaff reach in and pick a card . flagstaff you be throw a dinner party . you can invite five people , dead or alive ... albuquerque first two ... easy . elvis. brando . this be where it get interesting . kylie minogue . do not ask . cuatro ? mother theresa . ( pause , contemplative ) and last but not least . Buck . flagstaff say people . not pet . you get one more . albuquerque ( angry ) it 's my God damn dinner party . I want Buck . end of fuck discussion . a awkward silence . flagstaff ( read off box , faux excited ) ' conversation starter ! 's flagstaff toss the game across the room . albuquerque ( far off look ) never think I could love anything like Buck . Day he be bear , I lose my mind . he be just like I . ' cept littler . have my personality . my laugh . my appetite ... 81 . flagstaff be nodd as he listen , right to the point where he stop nodd , look puzzle . flagstaff ' laugh ? 's suddenly , flagstaff 's expression freeze with recognition . flagstaff ( v.o. ) and just like that , I know . I feel so ashamed . that it have take I this long . I , with the best cardio in the business , to realize : I be not the only one run from something ... flagstaff look sympathetically at albuquerque , who 's get mist in he eye . flagstaff ( almost whisper ) we still talk about a dog ? albuquerque 's face reveal untold pain ... smash CUT to : int . kitchen / bathroom - day - flashback we see albuquerque , pre-Zombieland , cooking pancakes . it be the same flashback from earlier in the story ... . -- only this time , albuquerque be not cooking for a dog , but a boy . albuquerque 's son . buck . two year old . Sandy blond hair . sport a janikowski raider jersey . we see a series of quick flash - the very same scene we see earlier , only now with the boy instead of the dog ... glimpsis of albuquerque watching happily as he son gobbles up the pancake ... albuquerque run in and out of frame , carry Buck up in the air , zoom he around like a airplane ... albuquerque , fall to the ground with Buck , blow raspberries on he belly and eskimo -kissing he ... albuquerque , give buck a bath . the little boy wear swim goggle . and a baby speedo . 82 . albuquerque shape Buck 's hair into a mohawk . Buck giggle infectiously . albuquerque melt ... smash CUT back to : int . master suite - day albuquerque turn to meet flagstaff 's stare . flagstaff ( v.o. ) take away a man 's son , you have truly give he nothing leave to lose . a single tear trickle from behind albuquerque 's glass down he cheek . flagstaff get any ... picture ? albuquerque nod , reach for he wallet , and hand it to flagstaff . the very act of admit the truth cause albuquerque to break down weep . flagstaff look at the cute wallet photo of albuquerque 's lost boy buck ... then at last reach across and put one hand on albuquerque 's shoulder . dissolve to : int . master suite - later honk ! albuquerque come out of the master bathroom back into the master suite , blowing he nose loudly into some kleenex . albuquerque jezus . have not cry like that since ... well ... ' ghost . 's sorry if I get kinda gay . flagstaff blame I . albuquerque ( smirk ) if the high -waist slack fit ... flagstaff say the man in the paisley silk robe and cowboy boot . albuquerque smile more fully and look pensively at the painting of Patrick and he stallion , try to reestablish a atmosphere of heterosexuality . 83 . albuquerque man . if I be swayze back in the day ... I woulda pull down so much ass . flagstaff I too . I too . dissolve to : int . master bath - day it 's later in the day , and we be now in the master bath . flagstaff , dress in he own clothes again , be rifling through swayze 's medicine cabinet . not as much for supplies as to satisfy he curiosity ... flagstaff ( to himself ) people Magazine 's sexiest man alive , 1991 ... what 's you secret ? int . garage - continuous albuquerque , also dress in he regular clothes again ( and hold a couple set of car keys ) , tour swayze 's garage . there sit a gorgeous black yukon denali suv . he unlock the denali , look around inside , and light up at the sight of a button on the dash . he jab the button and wait . detroit ( v.o. ) on - Star , how can I help you ... Mr ... ( a beat ) .«.- swayze ? albuquerque ( disguise voice ) hey , baby . please , call I Pat . detroit ( v.0 . ) think we have be through this , Mr. swayze . make one more inappropriate pass , and I lock you out of you car . again . albuquerque can not help cracking up . click . Detroit hang up . albuquerque frown and hit the on-star button several more time . at last ... detroit ( v.o. ) ( dispense with the usual politeness ) I tell you ..! albuquerque Detroit , it 's I ! albuquerque ! you 84 . do not hafta worry about swayze any more ! ( a moment of silence ) he 's sigourney weaver 's problem now . detroit ( v.0 . ) albie , sweetheart ! praise Jesus . be worried about ya ! you guy ok ? the hummer 's totale ! albuquerque perk up and assume a look of smug satisfaction . albuquerque you just save I my next question . int . foyer - day flagstaff and albuquerque argue in the foyer . flagstaff 's hair be slicked back . he 's obviously partaken of swayze 's styling ' product . 's flagstaff but we have to try to help ! rollover alert , crumple zone alert , airbag deploy ?! they be probably lie out there right now , bleed ... trap ... albuquerque ( enjoy the sound ) I be painting a mental picture . flagstaff you do not mean that ! albuquerque hear the pain in flagstaff 's voice . albuquerque oh. my. god. you like wichita ! flagstaff get outta here ! albuquerque you have be think of fuck she ? wish grant ! she 's spend the last twenty - four hour fuck you ! I be not help . that two deserve what they get . some of realize : 85 . flagstaff suit yourself . ( off albuquerque 's inquisitive look ) but they picture be once in someone 's wallet , too . flagstaff walk out . albuquerque stand silently , know he 's suddenly and completely lost the debate . he sigh . albuquerque start to hate that skinny little douche . ext . 10 freeway - day the denali zoom east on the 10 freeway , another big white number ' 3 's scrawle on both side and the hood . albuquerque be drive . flagstaff be in the passenger seat . ext . 10 freeway off -ramp - day the denali pull onto a off -ramp that overlook a gas station mini -mart . it come to a stop . ext . / int . mini -mart / yukon denali - day albuquerque and flagstaff crane they neck to look down . they spot the hummer , overturned on the street outside the mini-mart , smashed into a telephone pole . it be swarming with six or so Zombies , inside and out . there be various other zomby perch around the mini-mart parking lot . plus some other lurching down nearby street . wichita and stillwater be obviously toast . albuquerque Rest they soul . flagstaff look devastate . he open the door and jump out of the denali to toss he cookies . ext . 10 freeway off -ramp , outside mini - mart - later flagstaff and albuquerque , be now in a heat discussion in the denali , at the top of the off-ramp . flagstaff be you glass foggy ?! it 's over ! I be not drive down there ! they be crawl all over the place ... 86 . albuquerque with or without you , I be go . flagstaff look . I be the one who want to save the girl . but they be go ! albuquerque it 's not the girl I be after . flagstaff stare , uncomprehend . then he realize . flagstaff ohhhh no . you have risk we life for a ... ( off albuquerque 's nod ) ..- twinkie ?! Nice logic , smart guy ! wo not stick out you neck for a person ! but a twinkie ! do I mention I make perfectly good macaroni salad ... albuquerque stare flagstaff down , livid . a few beat pass . albuquerque be on the verge of cream someone . flagstaff be on the verge of be creamed by someone . albuquerque ' smart guy 's ? flagstaff ( realize he 's on thin , thin ice ) let I begin my three - part apology by say ... albuquerque no , it 's ok . albuquerque take a deep , relax breath . all be good . albuquerque but fyi ... I have beat wholesale ass for less than that . flagstaff almost say something , then think better of it . albuquerque I be gonna explain . and then this United States citizen be drive Pat swayze 's yukon denali to the local mini-mart for some twinkies . with or without the kind of pussy who eat macaroni salad . flagstaff I unreservedly apologize . albuquerque ( not listen ) there 's a box of twinkies down in that mini-mart . not just any box of twinkies . the last box of twinkies ... that I ... or anyone ... will enjoy ... for all of time ... in the whole universe . ' Cause there 's a expiration date on twinkies . and the hostess factory be go . so some day very soon , life 's little twinkie gauge be gonna hit empty . albuquerque reach into the back seat and grab he duffel bag , which he hold on he lap . albuquerque now , true ... you probably will not survive the next ten minute . but if you do , you will be one of the last two guy in the universe to enjoy the spongy outside and creamy inside of a delicious twinkie . Worth it , right ? flagstaff no . and I be so scared , I be about to shit my pants . for which there 's precedent . flagstaff pick up one of the new shotguns , grab he roller suitcase , and open the passenger door . flagstaff so this be goodbye . albuquerque Fair enough . as a couple ... we be pretty ... flagstaff odd ? albuquerque I be gonna say crappy . one favor ? flagstaff yeah ? albuquerque ( conspiratorial , as in ' you secret 's safe with I 's ) get a last know address for Ms. beverly ... Hills ? 88 . flagstaff like I would give that to you ! albuquerque ( beat ) well , I be no good at goodby , so ... ( stump ) ..- that will do , pig . flagstaff that 's the worst goodbye I have ever hear . and you steal it from a movie . albuquerque totally embarrassing . get outta the truck . flagstaff step out onto the run board . but he can not quite bring himself to jump from the denali . instead , he linger , stand on the run board , look at the horizon . albuquerque go on ... flagstaff ( v.o. ) albuquerque once say : you know home by the way it make you feel when you leave . that face ? that 's I realize that at least for now , this stupid big truck in this silly little neighborhood , and that stupid big guy in that silly little glass ? they be as close as I be gonna get ... to home . flagstaff toss he suitcase back into the suv . he plop down in the passenger seat , fasten he seatbelt , and cock he shotgun . flagstaff let 's fuck we up some twinkies . albuquerque nod and sling the duffel bag over he shoulder . albuquerque buckle up . flagstaff Way ahead of you . albuquerque go to punch flagstaff in the arm hard , but slow down at the last second , barely tapping he . 89 . albuquerque almost forget ... albuquerque reach up and hit the on-star button again . detroit ( v.o. ) on - Star . how can I help you ? albuquerque Detroit , albuquerque . bad news . really bad . detroit ( v.o. ) ( long pause ) Rest they soul . albuquerque that 's exactly what I say ! we be about to stir some shit up anyway . detroit ( v.o. ) no way I can talk you out of it ? albuquerque Nah . but if we go silent , send a posse . detroit ( v.0 . ) you realize I have , like , five total client . albuquerque six if flagstaff make it through . detroit ( v.0 . ) the nearest friendly car be in ... provo , Utah , so do not expect a rescue party . ( repeat she signature line ) good luck . God bless . ( pause ) and thank you for use on-star ... click . flagstaff can we go back to the part where I do not survive the next ten minute ? albuquerque smirk and slide on a pair of prescription blue sunglass . albuquerque gonna be a hairy ten minute . 90 . we be high above the denali at the top of the off - ramp , poise for the great orgy of gun - powder in zombie history . superimpose onscreen : a title card : twinkies the engine rumble . we be back inside ... albuquerque ready ? flagstaff ready-ish . albuquerque reach down and turn on he highly amplified car stereo . there 's only one song in the world that could accompany albuquerque as he do what he 's about to do : cypress hill 's ‘( rock ) superstar .' the equalizer start to jump . the song begin its build . we be in slow motion , get ready for some violence : flagstaff stretch he tricep ... albuquerque turn off the AIR conditioning and revs the accelerator ... the engine growls behind the grille ... one of the many Zombies in the parking lot and around the hummer look up to locate the source of the engine ... albuquerque grab the gear shift and pull it down from ' p 's to ' not to ' d.’ flagstaff grab the jesus strip ( that little handle above the car door ) ... the back tire spin , throw off blue smoke ... the denali buck and gallop down the off-ramp ... all the Zombies perk up , draw to the noise . suddenly , we be back at regular speed ... albuquerque drive with one hand , scream down the ramp , gain speed ... faster ... faster ... ...- then cut the wheel at the bottom and aim for the parking lot . the denali nearly go up on two wheel . the music be pounding . flagstaff they x11 run ! 91 . albuquerque I know . the zomby start to move en masse toward the oncoming truck . albuquerque aim slightly to the right of they cluster . the zomby start to step to albuquerque 's left to get out of the way . albuquerque hold he course . the zomby bail out to the left . will albuquerque miss altogether ? at the last possible moment , albuquerque pull the emergency brake and yank the wheel to the right . the suv 's back end start skidding around to the left ... ... it 's the beginning of that classic rockford file fast 180 degree turn . the zomby be still bailing left when ... .- the long back end of the denali swing the rest of the way around , swatting they all down . bang , bang , bang ... they all drop like bowling pin . albuquerque complete the maneuver , slide backwards past the tangle mess of fallen Zombies . flagstaff be awestruck . that be unbelievable . albuquerque hit the four-wheel-drive button . then drive over the zomby as if they be speed - bump . then he jam it into reverse and back over they again . superimpose onscreen : a title : 3 . double tap flagstaff have he head out the window , watch the zombie body get mushed under the truck . he pull he head back into the cab and look at albuquerque , majorly impressed . without pause , albuquerque park the denali next to some gas pump , step out onto the running board , and yank something from he duffel bag : a AIR -horn . he aim it into the air and blast three time in succession , in perfect beat to the music . flagstaff ' 's eye widen in fear . we see three quick - cut of group of Zombies in nearby area , perking up at the sound of the horn : a vacant lot , a video store , a taco stand . 92 . albuquerque flagstaff ? flagstaff albuquerque . albuquerque get on the roof . the hood 's twelve o'clock . the trunk 's six . you be my eye . flagstaff nods and try to clamber onto the roof of the denali . he slip and bang he knee in the attempt . flagstaff shake off the pain , make it onto the roof , and begin search for zomby . we take he p.o.v. as he spin , look for movement . he spy a trio on the move toward the denali at the EIGHT o'clock position . flagstaff uh , two o'clock ! wait , the hood be twelve ? crap ! eight o'clock ! ever see the gunfight in the movie ' heat 's ? that 's the kind of intensity albuquerque be about to deliver . he pluck he steyr aug out of he bag and walk around the suv to the eight o'clock position . albuquerque lean against the suv to steady he aim , then fire . bam-bam-bam-bam-bam ! we do not know gun could be this loud . FIRE spitting out of the muzzle . shell sting the pavement . Zomby face-planting . flagstaff pause to watch , then snap out of it and continue to scan the horizon for fast - approach zomby . flagstaff eleven ! albuquerque circle the suv , kneel against the front bumper to steady himself , and start firing again . Zombies drop . one try to get back up . bam ! another shot . flagstaff six ! run , run , bam-bam-bam ! 93 . flagstaff nine ! jog , jog , bam -bam-bam-bam-bam-bam ! we be high above the denali , look from a bird ’s-eye - view as Zombies run from distant location toward the truck , from virtually every angle . slap ! another banana clip go into the gun . flagstaff four ! bam-bam-bam-bam-bam-bam-bam ! bam -bam ! bam ! flagstaff two ! bam-bam-jam-click . the gun have jammed . albuquerque wrestle with it for a second , try to un - jam it . flagstaff two ! flagstaff get rattle by the fact there be still three zomby coming . but albuquerque do not ever get rattle . he ditch the steyr aug and dig in he duffel bag . we take the Zombies 's p.o.v. as they rush toward a guy who be kneel with he back turn . they be almost upon he when he stand and turn , hold two huge .50 caliber desert eagle pistol , palm face the ground , like a gangsta . boom -boom -boom -boom -boom-boom-boom -boom ! the zomby have nowhere to go but down . flagstaff eleven ! and ... three ! albuquerque move to the front corner of the truck , take aim at both eleven and three , and fire in both direction , one with each pistol . boom -boom-boom -boom ! two clip fall . two new clip go in . boom -boom-boom -boom ! Zomby drop . but flagstaff be alarm . there be a lot of Zombies with a head start , head for the back of the truck . 94 , flagstaff nine ! six ! five ! basically , nine to five ! albuquerque finish shoot , jam in new clip , and run up the denali from front bumper to windshield to roof , past flagstaff , jumping off the back . he land with a thud , boot on concrete . there be EIGHT zomby bear down on he . what happen next be the stuff of legend : albuquerque shift he weight from one foot to the other like a boxer , and then start fight hand to hand ... only he 's use the pistol as extension of he fist , shoot at the moment he deliver each punch . in other word , it look like albuquerque be fight in a Rocky movie , but every punch carry with it the extra oomph of a discharge .50 caliber bullet . the zomby arrive one-by-one . boom ! a right cross to the temple . now vicious body -shot to the stomach . boom ! boom ! boom ! boom - boom ! a one - two combination to the jaw . uppercut to the chin . boom ! boom ! more body -shot . boom -boom -boom ! cypress Hill be still slamming over the speaker . Zomby fly and flop in every direction . the last zombie trip before he can get punch . so albuquerque punch he on the ground . boom ! boom ! boom ! by the end , albuquerque be just venting rage . flagstaff be so entranced that he have not remember to keep look out , specifically behind he . albuquerque look in flagstaff 's direction , and he expression narrow : albuquerque twelve ... flagstaff spin around to see one zombie run right up the hood of the suv at he , and about fifteen Zombies about seventy yard behind . his expression be one of sheer terror . 95 . flagstaff flinch and duck , take out the foot of the zombie , which trip right over he , slide to the back of the roof . it look up ... ... xvight into the barrel of albuquerque 's .50 cal . boom ! a shell-shocked flagstaff look off the hood to where the oncoming zomby be no more than fifty yard away . albuquerque get a lighter ? flagstaff shake off he shock long enough to register albuquerque 's question . he dig into he pants pocket , produce a small zip - loc bag , fish out a bic lighter , and toss it to albuquerque . superimpose onscreen : a title : 2 . Zip -loc bag albuquerque catch the lighter . he whip out he wallet , flip out he visa card , slide it through the gas pump slot , choose ' 87 's octane , and yank out the forward - most nozzle . then albuquerque jump onto the hood . he hold the lighter in front of the nozzle . he flick on a flame , and clamp down the lever to start pumping gas . only one problem : nothing come out . back on the pump , the little lcd screen read , ' wait for approval . 's flagstaff and albuquerque share a look . flagstaff how 's you credit ? albuquerque ( a little embarrassed ) not terrible . the sprinting Zombies reach the suv and start to climb onto the hood . back on the pump , there 's a beep , and the screen read , ' begin fueling . 's at that instant , a jet of flame shoot out of the front of the nozzle , and albuquerque be suddenly behind the great flame thrower ever . Zomby clamber up the car , then peel away as they catch fire and combust . 96 . he sprays the stream of flame left and right , in long arc , like he 's water the lawn . then he start to wield it like that FIRE whip of the balrog in ' Lord of the ring . 's then he start use it like a gun , a shot here and there ... at long last , the final zombie fall in a burn heap . flagstaff turn in a full circle . not a zombie in sight . anywhere . it 's over . cypress Hill 's song finish play with a flourish . albuquerque let out a adrenalized primal victory scream . albuquerque stroll over and nonchalantly gass up he denali . flagstaff and albuquerque look at one another . a beat . flagstaff it 's a pleasure watch you work . smash CUT to : int . mini - mart - day whack ! albuquerque kick open the front door of the mini - mart . he and flagstaff each carry shotguns . they move around the store , search for zomby , make sure they cover every nook and cranny . flagstaff if you do not mind , how have you become such a , uh ... albuquerque «..rock -star ? flagstaff yeah . albuquerque my Mom use to tell I : do not worry ; someday you 's 1ll be good at something . when they be satisfied that they be alone , the two meet in the middle of the store , they back to the hostess rack . suddenly , they hear the sound of crinkling plastic . what exactly be that noise , and where be it come from ? 97 . albuquerque shush flagstaff . the crinkling be come from right behind they , and it 's get louder . without waste another moment , a jumpy flagstaff spin and open fire mercilessly with he shotgun . thump ! thump ! thump ! thump ! stuff crash and splatter everywhere . flagstaff stop shoot , breathe hard with fear . a rat emerge from a open dorito 's bag on the floor , then scurries away . albuquerque look from the dorito 's bag , to flagstaff , to the now - destroyed hostess rack . every twinkie BOX have be blast into smithereen . the pair realize flagstaff 's mistake simultaneously . the only box that somehow get spare ? sno -ball . albuquerque eat a sno - Ball , I 'il kill you myself . flagstaff word can not begin to express ... albuquerque ( wipe at he eye ) no. do not . it 's too soon . the two bow they head . then : flagstaff you 'il want a moment alone . flagstaff head out the front . albuquerque Guard the door . I be check the back room . for survivor . ( to himself ) Golden , spongy , creamy survivor . albuquerque be alone , do the kind of thing flagstaff like to warn against . he reach behind the counter ... be it possible that he arm be about to get chomped on by a ravenous hide zombie ? the music swell ... nope . albuquerque snag some keys and walk back to the locked store room door . 98 . albuquerque unlock the door , then step back and nudge it open with he boot . it creak aside ominously . then ... .+-crash ! a impatient albuquerque kick it open the rest of the way . we almost have a heart attack . next , albuquerque use the barrel of he shotgun to flick the light switch inside the door . we be suddenly inside the room , look back out at albuquerque in the open door . he lower he shotgun , he expression one of complete SHOCK : albuquerque Holy . shit . ext . mini - mart - day flagstaff be about twenty foot in front of the mini-mart , kneel , carefully reloading he shotgun with shell from he trusty zip - loc bag . he hear the door of the mini-mart OPEN behind he . footstep approach . flagstaff snap the shotgun close and turn around to see ... ... albuquerque stand with he hand over he head , flanked by wichita and stillwater , who have two shotguns at the ready . flagstaff be stunned and secretly thrilled to see the girl . flagstaff no! albuquerque yes . flagstaff ( to stillwater , be : shotgun ) no. stillwater yes . wichita hold she hand out in front of albuquerque . without even question it this time , he pull out the keys to the yukon and place they on she palm . armed with the key , wichita and stillwater walk past flagstaff on either side . flagstaff ( to wichita ) noooo ... 99 , she pause , smile , and kiss he on the cheek . wichita yes ... as the girl walk off , flagstaff shake he head , smirk , and call over they shoulder . flagstaff you have just survive a attack by vicious , vomit monster ! where you gonna go ? stillwater I be go to disneyland ! ext . mini - mart - moment later albuquerque and flagstaff stand by they duffel bag and roller suitcase , respectively . they stare helplessly as wichita and stillwater load the last of they own gear into the denali , shut the door , and pull away . deja vu all over again ! albuquerque and flagstaff watch as they new nemese literally drive off into the sunset . flagstaff ( v.o. ) this land be you land . this land be my land . this land be Zombieland . full of death and disappointment . but never despair . ' Cause when life give you flesh -eate monster ... suddenly , when the denali be forty yard away , its brake light come on , and it stop . the passenger door open . stillwater get out , cock she arm like Tom brady , and throws a small pellet - shape object at albuquerque , in a high arc . a perfect strike . albuquerque make a one-hand catch and look to see what he 's hold : a twinkie . flagstaff ( v.o . ) .--- sometimes a little hope be all you need . stillwater climb into the escalade , and it drive off . albuquerque unwrap he twinkie , smell it adoringly , and take a bite . flagstaff watch , stare into the sunset . flagstaff ( v.o. ) that face ? that 's I make plan to go ride the matterhorn . 100 . in the meantime , remember , cardio , seatbelt , and - this have nothing to do with anything - but a little sunscreen never hurt anyone . I be flagstaff , Arizona , from Zombieland , say ... goodnight . fade to black . the music over the end credit be ' this land be you land , 's sung not by Woody Guthrie , but by the mormon tabernacle choir .