ed tv by lowell ganz &amp ; babaloo Mandel Sixth rewrite July 16,1997 this be the first erelease for the script of the movie " Ed tv " this script be scan , proof read and format by ueli riegg email : ueli.riegg@gmx.ch ; url : http://studiour.tsx.org 1 int . high school gymnasium - night the follow be shot documentary -style . a girl volleyball game have just end . it be a big game . some kind of championship . one team be celebrate -- jump up and down , squealing and hugging each other . we be focus on the bench of the team trat lost . they be very sad -- several be cry . one girl , in particular , ( amy ) be really sobbing . she 's sweat - stain , tired and just blubber . stuff 's come out of she eye , she nose , she mouth and the camera be see it all . the coach , a fortyish man look at all the weep girl -- Amy in particular . coach you quit ! you give up ! he kick a chair . now Amy be really a mess . she 's cry , cough , shaking . coach ( cont 'd ) ( right in Amy 's face ) you quit !! the coach storm off . coach ( cont 'd ) qutter ! ... quitter ! Amy be wail and choke on she own tear . this image freeze . terry ( v.o. ) and that would be it . I do not think you need any narration at all . just end it right there . reveal 2 int . office - day begin credit we be in New York City . we be in the conference room of a modestly successful cable tv station call " Real tv . " the people be young , energetic , clever . it 's crowded , noisy - the furniture be beat up , bulletin board cover the wall , with large index card all over they . this room be not for show -- work get do here . seven or EIGHT people be present . one of they be cynthia reed . she 's the boss . terry ( to Cynthia ) what do you think ? cynthia it 's horrible , it 's depress , I love it . what else ? alice I want to re-pitch that pregnancy idea . find six woman early in they pregnancy and follow they all right through to the birth . keith ( negative ) yeah , when all that stuff come out . mix reaction , mostly negative . cynthia I have a idea . immediate attention cynthia ( cont 'd ) this be something I have be think about for a long time . we be " Real tv " right ? I mean that 's the name of the station . agreement cynthia ( cont 'd ) so let 's go real . we find someone . just a regular person , someone . and we put they life on television - live ... all day long . silence . no movement at all . cynthia ( cont 'd ) calm down . keith what do you mean , like pbs do in the seventies ? what be that family ? greg the loud . keith yeah . cynthia no . we go way beyond that . we do not film it and edit it and put it on later . we go on the air live every morning and the show go off each night , when we subject go to bed . in between , we be on live all day , every day - the same person , -- for ( shrug ) let 's say a month . no one be wild for this . some hate it -- some be unconvince . felicia that 's not a show that 's a surveillance camera . greg you can not do that . cynthia the hell we can not . look , the beauty of be a cable channel be we can take chance . I have think about this and I be tell you , I think this can make a noise . a loud one . there be twelve thousand channel . you have get to do something that say " look at I ! " Hell , people look at fish tank all day . this be people ! ( more firmly ) someone 's real life -- a tv , all day long - live ... and , you know what ? I be do it . pause . the other know the argument be over . greg in that case , we love it . end credit 3 ext . pool hall - day a bus pass . on the bus be a ad . it say , " would you like to star in you own tv show ? call Real tv ( and a phone number ) come ( and a date ) . " 4 int . pool hall - night - paramus new jersey this be a nice upscale pool hall . a party be in progress in a special private area -- a room upstairs let 's say -- a loft . thirty or forty people in they twenty and thirty be informally celebrate the engagement of two of they friend . it 's noisy , it 's fun , it 's informal . it 's not a high - end group . by that we mean , not , for the most part young lawyer or stockbroker . they be mostly blue-collar . Community college graduate . we OPEN on ed pekurny . he 's a attractive man , about thirty . there 's still something a little juvenile about he -- not stupid , just boyish . someone be videotaping he for one of that congratulation montage thing that be do at party this day . Ed be good at this . he 's not professional but he 's a loosey - goosey guy who 's kind of good on camera . ed I want to congratulate Kevin and Tracy on they engagement . I know you guy be mean for each other from the moment Tracy tell we she be pregnant . tracy you asshole ! everyone else be crack up . ed ( innocently ) what ? what do I say ? tracy my mother 's go to see this ! 5 int . party - later other people be be " interview " on tape . Ed be shoot pool with he buddy , JOHN . John 's have a couple of drink . he 's a little melancholy . he be look across the room , thoughtfully . ed what ? JOHN look at this -- people be get marry , they be get marry ... ed you say that . JOHN we be fall behind . Ed wave dismissively . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you know who we be ? ed tell I . JOHN we be the guy who clean up after the parade . ed I be gonna stick this right in you eye . JOHN I be at this comedy club last week and this comedian say " if you be over thirty and you job require you to wear a name tag , you screw up you life . " and I be laugh and then I realize I wear a nametag . ed so do I . so what ? I be do all right . JOHN you brother 's here . angle on the door Ed 's brother ray and Ray 's girlfriend shari arrive at the party . shari be pretty in a unglamorous kind of way . they both wave and then shari go off to talk to some of the lady and Ray join Ed and John . ray what 's up ? ed where be you ? ray ( reluctantly ) I be ... have dinner with shari and she parent . JOHN / ed ( taunting ) oooh ! ray I be tell you , it 's close in on I . all of a sudden it 's like a thing , it 's a whole thing . ed what do you mean all of a sudden ? you have be go with she six month . ray I know . I mean I be sit there and she father 's ask I about my " career prospect " and I be play " Risk , " with she kid brother , Leon and at dinner the dog 's sniff at my ball -- at least I hope it be the dog . ' Cause she mother disappear for a while . they laugh . 6 int . party - later it 's get wild . some of the girl be dance raucously . angle on a table ( not a pool table , a eating - table ) Ed , Ray , John , shari and maybe another woman . Ray be hold a big tray of shrimp ball . during the conversation , Ray throw they in the air and catch they in he mouth like popcorn . once , he even bounce one off the wall into he mouth . ed you know , that be for everybody . Ray wave dismissively , then get a idea . ray oh ! ( to shari ) show they that thing you can do . ( to the other ) this be great . I just find out she can do this , she brother tell I . ( to shari ) come on . shari ( think it 's stupid ) I do not - ray come on ... she hesitates , but she really do not mind . slightly , amused she take she fist and fit it completely into she mouth . ed whoa !! oh ! Ray be crack up . ray be that unbelievable ? she remove she hand . shari and that conclude today 's show . ( to Ray ) this be where you go around and collect the money . Ed laugh . Ray give she a kiss . shari 's roommate rita sit down . rita hi. shari you guy know my roommate , rita . they do , vaguely . ed what 's go on over there ? rita everybody 's make audition tape for that Real tv thing . JOHN oh , that thing . yeah . do you hear about this ? ed ( not sure ) yeah , what - they put some schmuck on tv all day long or something ? ray you know , that would be like a great thing . ed what ? ray that ! be that guy . be the guy they watch . ed what be you drunk ? ray yeah , but let 's stay on one subject . whoever that person be be go to be famous . they will be able to get whatever they want . they will ... trust I , this be my business . ed what be ?! ray show business . ed you be in show business ? ray yeah . I service video equipment . ed that 's like ... that people stitching nike in Panama say they be in the NBA . ray ( insulted ) I be not stitching nike in Panama ! ... bedwetter ! ed thumbsucker ! ray I be make a tape . ed we be excited . 7 int . bar - a few minute later Ed and shari , wait for drink order . ed so Ray meet the family . shari yeah ... ed I hear the dog really like he . shari oh , the whole family love he . of course , they love the last guy I go out with , and he strung I along for three year and dumped I . ed really ? you see , to I , you should not have any trouble with man . there should be , like , a line behind you . she take Ed 's beer . shari you should not drink . they laugh . 8 int . table - a little later Ed and shari arm-wrestling . after a struggle , Ed win . Ed be impressed . ed Jesus ! shari wring out she arm and pick up she beer . shari ( continue a previous conversation ) and , you know , every guy I ever break up with , the minute it be over , I could tell you what go wrong , how it go wrong , why it have to go wrong ... but when I be in it ... lose . I be like a love coroner . bring I the corpse , I '11 tell you what kill it . but how to prevent it ? lose . Ed laugh . ed Ray 's on . they walk over . angle on ray ray ( to camera ) hi. I be Ray pekurney . I be from Paramus , New Jersey ... 9 int . cynthia' office - day she 's watch Ray 's tape . Ray think he 's funnier and cuter than he be . ray ( on tape ) all my friend tell I " Ray , you have get too much personality for one guy . " it 's like at a party -- I be at the center of the attention . everybody love I . he get hit in the face by a hor d'oeuvre . ray ( cont 'd ) ha , ha , ha . I will kick you ass . no really , let I show you my girlfriend . she 's really cute . he reach out and grab shari 's wrist . shari be struggle to stay out of frame . we just see she arm and Ray pull on it . Ray let go . ray ( cont 'd ) she 's strong , ' cause she 's a fedex girl . she lift that package . but she 's not dikey at all , she 's really pretty . cynthia fast-forwards we see the camera shoot a empty space . then Ed 's head appear sideways right in front of the camera . ed hello I be ed. he start to sniff . ed ( cont 'd ) what smell ? he step back from the camera and straighten he head as he sniff . he 's more relaxed than Ray . ed ( cont 'd ) what be that smell ? oop , I think it 's this idea . one person on tv all day long ? ( scream ) be you nut ? we hear laugh the Real tv staff be enjoy Ed 's tape while they eat lunch out of styrofoam container . ed ( cont 'd ) seriously , get you resume in order . when my brother Ray - whose personality you be just dazzle by -- tell I he be go to try out for this -- I say , " why in the world would anyone want to be on tv all day long , no privacy , everybody know you business , expose every single detail of you life I mean ... why would anyone want to do that ? but then I think of a reason ... ( loudly ) why the hell not ? he kiss the lens , smudge it . Cynthia , watch , crack up . the other seem to like he to . 10 int . video store - day this be a video store in Paramus , New Jersey . it 's busy . people be in line to check out tape . we OPEN on a woman -- a mother -- who be rummage through she purse for she blockbuster card . she look up and see that she two child have open several box of candy from the candy display and be eat from the box . mother oh for -- put that -- oh God ... she grab the box from they . the box be rip more than she think and candy go fly all over . she bend to pick it up . Ed appear . he work here . ed ( to the Mom ) we '11 take care of it . someone arrive with a broom . ed ( cont 'd ) ( to the broom guy ) here . this time throw it out , do not eat it . lou , the manager pass . ed Lou , can I talk to you a second ? Lou seem like he would prefer to avoid this . lou um , yeah , I be gonna ... ed what 's the deal ? do anybody make a decision - lou Ed , look , uh ... you be not get the job . they be gonna transfer someone from another store to manage this store when I leave to manage the new store . I be sorry . ed oh , Christ . do you go to bat for I ? lou I bat ! ed you bat or you bunt ? lou hey . I go as far as I feel comfortable . I mean , you know , let 's face it -- you come and go here as you please . you work when you feel like it -- you know , Bruce springsteen 's birthday be not a legal holiday . ed well , then I be quit . lou Ed , come on . what 's that gonna do ? you be gonna bring blockbuster to they knee . let I recommend a movie to you . it 's call " get you shit together before it 's too late . " ed ( wise - ass ) who 's in it ? clerk Ed , telephone . Ed go to the phone . ed ( into the phone ) yeah ... be you serious ? ... come on , no kid , who be this ? ... Holy shit ! 11 int . conference room - another day Ed be be interview by the " Real tv " staff whom we meet earlier . he 's slightly less comfortable than on he tape , but he 's good . ed I have one year of college . and then one year of junior college . cynthia ( o.c. ) what do you study ? ed oh , see , study would have be a huge help . where be you , then ? they laugh . CUT to : 11a int . conference room - later ed well , there 's Ray , my brother . he 's ... ambitious . like a few year ago , he start this mobile dog-grooming business . but , like , out of he camry . he have this bathtub in he trunk - ( Ed start crack up ) he 's throw the dog in there , they be fight and splash , then he would slam the trunk down , let them run around inside scream get all wet ... then he would use the car exhaust to dry'em . ( wiping he eye ) ah , Ray ... he just can not get a break . CUT to : 11b int . conference room - later ed my sister -- marcia , I mean she can not get a break . about seven year ago she fall in love with this vietnamese guy who want to marry she so he can stay in the country . so they get marry , they have a kid , he get he citizenship , immediately divorce my sister and marries this vietnamese woman who , he be probably already marry to all along . she can pick them . ( pause ) she 's get a nice little boy , though . my nephew , Andy . CUT to : 11c int . conference room - later ed my Mom 's okay . kinda . I know a guy who hate he mother - stuey shwam . he hate he mother so much , he have he belly button remove . CUT to : 11d int . conference room - later ed no , I have never be marry . the interviewer seem to be wait for he to elaborate . he do not . he shrug -- that 's it . CUT to : 11e int . conference room - later ed oh , my father - what a asshole . when I be twelve , my mother need a hysterectomy -- my father run off with she nurse ! and that 's the last I hear of he . CUT to : 11f int . conference room - later ed Al , my stepfather he 's opinionate . and you have to listen because he 's like in a wheelchair . CUT to : 11g int . conference room - later ed I like my job -- I mean I be do all right . I be not sure how long I want to stay there , you know ... I mean , I be thirty - one ... I be not sure I want to be a video store clerk when I be forty ... of course , I do not expect to be do it ' till I be thirty - one , either . but ... you know I be ... keep my option open . anything come along , I be ready to pounce . ( growl like a cougar ) CUT to : 11h int . conference room - later ed a dream ? of course I have a dream I just do not know what the hell it be . ( shrug and smile ) Ed 's image freeze , while he have a funny - cute expression on he face . pull back to reveal a tv in a conference room with Ed 's freeze image on it . Cynthia be there with she boss , the people who run the network that own Real tv . the top man be mr. scharlach . his deputy be ms. seaver and mr. mcilvaine . this be not the same place where we meet Cynthia and she staff . this be richer , more corporate and formal . cynthia he 's who we want to go with . scharlach ( doubtfully ) this guy . cynthia I poll my staff . the man say they would hang around with he and the woman say he 's fuckable . and one of the man say he 's fuckable . scharlach I be not sure about the entire concept . Cynthia be frustrated . cynthia look it 's not like we be burn up the airwave now . we be run neck - and - neck with the garden Channel . if people just tune in to this twice a day for five minute , we be a hit . plus we can sell advertising every second , run at the bottom of the screen ... and the beauty be this guy do not even have to be good . I mean if he 's good , great . but if he wind up make a ass of himself , better . mcilvaine how be that better ? cynthia come on . people can not turn away from a accident . you drive by , you say " ooh , I hope there 's not a head lie in the road " but you look ! see , nobody in America want to be nobody . this guy want to be famous . so , basically , the deal be he agree to drive down the highway a hundred mile a hour blindfolded and we get to see if he head wind up roll down the highway . fun for the whole family . so let 's do it . she stop , wait for approval . 12 int . video store scharlach ( coldly ) good luck . Ed 's re-stocking the shelve he get goose from behind ray ( o.c. ) ( very loud and happy ) hey ... ed ( goose ) oh ! Ed drop the box . Ray be there with shari . ray I get you message . Way to go ! ed hi , shari. ( to Ray ) let 's go in the stockroom . 13 int . stockroom Ed and Ray enter . ray so when do you start ? ed I ... I be not gonna do it . ray what ? ed look -- there 's a million way to humiliate yourself - I gotta think of a new way ? I mean , it 's all day ! every minute . id be like a monkey at the zoo . I just ... ray ( disgust ) oh man ! they could not pick I ! they have to pick you ! he slap a tape off a shelf . ed you would do this ? you would actually -- ray in a second ! in a hot second . let I ask you something -- ed why do you do that ? ray what ? ed whenever you ask I something why do you always say " let I ask you something ? " why do not you just ask I ? ray ( impatiently ) all right . let I ask you something ... be you happy like this ? ed I be do all right . ray oh yeah ? what 's you master plan here ? shari enter , curious about the yell . she stand there quietly , unnotice by the guy . ray ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be a video store clerk for the rest of you life ? this be you big ambition , rearranging the " Ernest " movie ? ed screw off . ray how many opportunity be you go to get in you life ? ed I do not know . ray that 's right . you do not know . Doors do not fly open for guy like we . ed hey . you know -- we be not the same . I get a good life , this job suit I . I come and go when I please -- ray oh , do not bullshit a bullshitter . if you be happy like this you be a idiot , and you be not a idiot . ( see shari ) hi . Ed turn and see shari . she 's self - conscious . she feel like she 's be catch eavesdropp . shari oh . I -- I hear Ray yell . 1 do not mean to -- ray ( to Ed ) give I a chance . I be begging you . I need a break . look , I '11 cover you ass . i'11 ride shotgun . just bring that camera over to I and I '11 make something happen for both of we . I swear . come on , Eddie pause . ed all right . ray yeah ?! ed yeah . Ray lift Ed up . Ray kiss ed. ray ( to shari ) be this guy a brother ?! 14 int . restaurant - night moderate-price , restaurant . we OPEN on a close - up of al . he 's about seventy . reveal the family al what happen when you go to the bathroom ? do they go in with you ? Ed , Ray , Al , jeanette and marcia . Al be in a wheelchair and have a oxygen mask connect to a tank . he periodically take a hit of oxygen . he 's a little short of breath , but love to talk . jeanette be Ed 's mother -- about sixty . marcia be a little older than Ed . ed no . the bathroom be off limit - and when I go to sleep they go to other programming . unless I get up . then they go back on the air . unless I get up to go to the bathroom , I guess , then - al what if -- you be vomit ? ed ( amaze by the question ) what if I be vomit ? al do they show it ? ed I guess -- I do not -- it 's all in the contract . there 's this million - page contract -- ray look , can we all just sign the release so we can get on with this ? marcia ( accuse , to Ed ) what happen ? you describe this " crazy - kooky " family who would be a million laugh on tv ? ed no ! I barely even mention - it 's just that , my friend , the people at work , whoever I be regularly in contact with they want release from . marcia ( angrily ) they be gonna mock we foible . ed we what ? marcia we foible , we foible ! ray we do not have foible . marcia everyone have foible . then the whole country see they on tv and mock they . then we have ... mock foible . jeantte Eddie , please do not let they mock we foible . ed ( lose it ) stop say foible ! marcia look , my life be not so great , that I want it show on television . and neither be yours . ray that 's the point -- this could change thing . marcia how ? ray for instance ... I and my friend bucky be buy out my boss . his equipment , truck , client list , the whole shmear . marcia ( point to Ed ) what do that have to do with ... ? ray if they keep Ed on for one full month , he get a balloon payment . Ed nod . pause . ray ( cont 'd ) I borrow against that now , at the bank . buy the business . and Ed become a silent partner . now here 's the beauty part . while we be on tv I plug the shit out of the business . free advertising . al how about sex ? a stunned pause . they all look at Al . ed I '11 have to pass , Al . and it 's not a age thing -- al no ! do they show you have sex ? ed no. kiss and hugging , okay , but if it 's actual sex they have to cut away . al at what point ? ed at the point -- I do not -- look you would be on tv maybe one or two time each . i'11 try to avoid I '11 go out of my way to avoid , get together with you . believe I . we hear : a loud drilling sound . CUT to : 15 int . ed' apartment - day a workman be drilling a hole in the wall . Ed be there with a tv crew . they be run cable and drilling hole and examine the apartment . Cynthia be go around supervise . Ray and shari be there . Ray be fascinate . Ed be tense . shari be observant . Ray separate from Ed and shari and ask one of the installer a technical question . shari and ed Ed think . Ed join Cynthia . shari be you sure about this ? ed hey , believe I - 1 know I have get a great chance of make a fool of myself , here . shari why do it ? ed I see this show once . it be about log . I be home sick , there be nothing else on . do you know how they break up really bad log jam ? you know , when they be really tangle ... ? shari cream rinse ? ed ( laugh ) dynamite . shari so ? ed so maybe this be my dynamite . shari dynamite be dangerous . cynthia Ed , can I see you a second . ed ( to shari ) Excuse I . cynthia okay , so you understand ? we be install a permanent camera in you bedroom , one in the kitchen , one in the live room , plus , of course , there will always be a couple of steady - cam follow you . ed ( overwhelm ) cool . cynthia I want you to take this . she give he a card . cynthia ( cont 'd ) that have my work number , my home number , my pager number . I sleep three hour a night . call I whenever you want to talk . off the air , on the air , whenever . okay ? ed ( barely listen ) um , yeah -- thanks . Ed look kind of overwhelm . she do not like this . cynthia now look . do not freeze up on I . I pick you because you have kind of a relaxed , go-with - the-flow quality . you be not go to lose that , be you ? ed no , uh ... cynthia I bet my career on you . you would better be good . ed ( annoyed ) do not say that . that 's like ... tell a guy before you have sex you would better be good . you do not do that . cynthia I do . Ed react . ed oh. 16 int . ed' bedroom - night he 's in bed , watch tv . the news be on . he glance up at one of the camera . on the news , they go to a story about he . entertainment reporter tomorrow morning , the cable channel know as Real tv , begin broadcasting one of the most heavily promote concept in the history of cable television . in a experiment that they say will last at least a month . they be go to follow -- live - every waking minute of a thirty - one year old video store clerk from Paramus New Jersey . the Real tv press release on this promise that none of it will be script , none of it will be edit and in my opinion , none of it will be interesting . we be all just suppose to sit in front of we tv 's and watch this guy ... live. ( rhyme with " give " ) anchor ( to the entertainment reporter ) what would be the interest here ? what would ... get people to tune in ? entertainment reporter betas I . sidekick I do not know . I might check it out . anchor well , Len 's here to check out sport . Len , would you watch this video clerk ? len I would sooner watch soccer . they all cruckle . 17 int . cynthia' apartment - night she 's watch the same show . she 's edgy . she 's cracking she knuckle . tv screen len speak of disaster , at the meadowlands tonight ... the set go off . Ed , once again , stare up at the camera . fade to black fade in : 18 int . control truck written on the screen -- " Day one . " a director and technical crew with all the modern equipment . assistant director here we go . ten-nine-eight-seven - 19 int . real tv - office Cynthia and she staff be gather to watch the show begin they be tense and excite . a commercial be on . 20 int . truck 21 int . office a.d. two ... one . on the tv , the commercial end and the Real tv logo appear . a crawl begins it say " the follow be unedite , unscript , and unrehearse . it be the real life of one american citizen name Ed pekurny . " the logo fade away and we see Ed , in bed , sleep . his alarm ring and he wake up . he 's groggy from sleep . instinctively , he begin scratching he ball . as he do , it hit he that this be not a normal morning . he look up and see two steady - cam guy at the foot of he bed , aim they camera at he . Ed , then , look at he hand on he ball . gently , he move he hand away . 22 int . office keith ( mock cheerful ) well , we be off to a great start . note : the camera operator will change in shift . we '11 see about four regular over the course of the film . the one we will see most often be shoot Ed right now . his name be carlo . 23 int . bedroom Ed , wear short and a T-shirt , get out of bed . his hair be stick up . he pass a mirror and notice he hair . ed oh , great . he turn to the camera and seem about to offer a excuse for he appearance , but , then , just move on . ed ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . he grab some clothes and enter the bathroom . 24 int . office they be not enjoy this . everyone 's stare at Cynthia . she do not flinch . note : Silent advertising run along the bottom of the screen . 25 int . kitchen - a few minute later Ed enter , dress and shower . the steady - cam be in he face . Ed be tight . he 's much less comfortable than he expect to be . he smile stiffly at the camera . he 's misplace he natural charm . he get a box of pop-tart out of the freezer . as he do , other stuff fall out of the freezer on to the floor . he 's embarrassed . he bend down to pick thing up , show he ass to the camera . 26 int . office greg ( to Cynthia ) start clear a place for you Emmy . 27 int . kitchen - a little later Ed be sit up on the kitchen counter eat he pop-tart and a bowl of cereal . ed ( nervously ) same people like to put the milk in first and then the cereal . I like to put in the milk first - I mean the cereal first and then the milk . yeah , that 's it . now , watch this . he take a knife and a banana . he peel the banana . he hold the knife , blade up , over the cereal and chop down on it with the banana , several time , rapidly , slice it into the cereal . he 's proud of this . 28 int . ray' apartment Ray be watch the show . his head be in he hand . he 's horrify by how bad Ed be . 29 int . parent ' house jeanette and Al watch Ed . jeanette ( be positive ) so far ... 30 int . office keith somebody shoot I . 31 int . network office scharlach , seaver and mcilvaine watch , grim -face . 32 int . office Cynthia be on the phone . cynthia get he out of the house ! I want he move ! 33 int . control truck director ( on the phone ) hey , I want he dead , but what can I do . 34 int . kitchen Ed be eating . he peer confuse at the camera . angle on camera operator . they be signal Ed to get out . angle on ed bewildere , imitate they gesture . ed what ... you want I to swim ? 35 int . control truck the director be still on the phone . she 's watch Ed on a monitor . director oh God ... Ed get it . ed oh , out ? you want I to go out . 36 ext . build Ed exit the building with the Operators walk backwards in front of he , bump into people - people watch , curiously . Ed reach he car . he take out he key and drop they in a muddy puddle . disgust , he fish they out . CUT to : 36a int . network build scharlach , watch impassively . CUT to : 36b int . ed' car Ed , in the car . he can barely fit the key into the ignition . carlos , in the passenger seat tap he on the arm . Ed look up . carlos hold up a hastily - make sign . " it 's okay . relax , man . " carlos wink . this do help Ed . he appreciate it . he drive . we see the control truck in motion . we also see another car with another steady - cam operator , shoot Ed 's car as they travel . 37 ext . STREET - montage Ed be do he morning errand . a little shopping -- a little banking -- always on camera . at one point , he walk into a glass door with the word " pull " on it . he push , bang he forehead . a child point to the word " pull . " Ed turn to the camera , embarrassed . later he busy a slice of pizza at a little place that 's do no business . ed ( to the camera ) best pizza in New Jersey . as he walk down the street , people call out " hey Ed ! " people in window show he that they be watch he at that exact moment . the camera shoot some of the people in the window . they see themselves on tv and they go wild . Ed also be confront by guy grab they crotch mockingly , call out thing like " hey , Ed , hold you own ? " or " hey , Ed , howl the grand ballroom . " Ed be slightly chagrine by all this , but handle it with good grace . he seem to be loosen up . 38 int . video store - day Ed arrive at work . the store be already open . ( Ed usually get there in the afternoon and stay until close . ) customer be a little stunne by the arrival of a camera . some know what it 's about some do not . the clerk be aware of what 's go on . they all sign release . Ed 's boss greet he stiffly . clearly he 's try to get face - time on camera . ed hey , Lou . lou ( stiffly ) welcome to work , Ed . he shake Ed 's hand and smile at the camera . he wave a little . the broom guy cross , stare transfix at the camera . he block Ed and Lou . he freeze , then panic . he try to get out of the way and trip over he broom . he tumble face - first into the camera lens , hurt himself . angle on ed , observe . ed ( mutter ) oh , Jesus , I be die . 39 int . control truck director carlos , give he some air , give he some room . use a longer lens . we '11 mostly go with the stationary camera in here . less intrusive . ( to the crew in the truck , sarcastically ) have any of you think about you next career ? 40 int . a kitchen - same time a woman be serve dinner . she 's watch Ed on tv -- really just glance at it . her husband be help she bring the food to the table . husband why be we watch this ? wife ( a little guilty ) no reason . just ... I just want to see what happen . husband nothing 's gonna happen . he 's just ... work . wife oh , come on , they would not put it on if nothing be gonna happen . he change the channel . she change it back . he do not get it at all . rapid cut of various people around America , watch -- a couple , a young guy , a woman alone -- end with a few college - age girl in what appear to be a dorm room . one girl be watch intently . her roommate be mostly just hang around not really watch . college girl I think he 's cute . one of she roommate glance over to see what she 's so excited about . 41 ext . STREET - night Ed be walk . he pass the little pizza place he tout earlier . there 's a line out into the street . the storeowner be work hard - - deliriously happy . Ed pass , oblivious to what he 's create . 42 int . ed' apartment - night the camera Operator be shoot Ed in the bathroom clipping he toenail ed some guy work from the big toe down to the little toe . not I . I save the big one for last . that 's the one I really enjoy . it 's thick , it 's big , it 's a challenge . do you ever see old people 's nail ? ( make a disgust noise ) 43 int . ray' apartment Ray and shari watch ed. Ray be banging he head on the table . ray this be not work . ( to Ed on tv ) come to I ! 44 int . cynthia' office - night it 's late . she 's alone . she 's on the phone . she 's come apart . cynthia ( into phone ) no , I have not see the spot rating ... ( she wince ) as she talk , she try to light a cigarette . she 's shaking too much to use she lighter . cynthia ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I think that 's a number from which we can hopefully , uh ... build ... angry at she lighter , she throw it break a window . cynthia ( cont 'd ) I disagree ... no , I be not ready to pull the plug ... yes , Mr. scharlach , I know they shoot horse ... ( get angry ) look , it 's be one day . can I have a week with this and then have you fly up my nose ?! ( hang up ) she immediately regret she outburst . 45 int . bar - night written on the screen -- " Day two . " OPEN on turtle racing ( as only turtles can ) across the floor . the turtles have little plastic man , seat on they back . the crowd cheer and scream for they favorite turtles . Ed be be follow by the steady - cam but seem to be ignore it . Ed be in a group which include John , and Ray . the race end John look very uncomfortable . bartender the winner ... dash Danny . Ed win . money change hand . ed next round 's on I . one of the camera be very close to John . he 's very selfconscious . he do not look where he 's walk . he trip . people laugh . ed ( off-hand joke ) Polish acrobat . ray ( loudly ) hey . check this out . ( to the cameramen ) look at this . Ray take out a big stack of quarter and set they on the bar next to a shot glass 46 int . control truck director go with the desperate brother . 47 int . bar the camera go with Ray . Ray do a " spit the quarter off the bar into the shot glass " trick , while people cheer . Ed be stand next to shari . they be off-camera . ed whoa , God bless Ray . first time I be off - camera in two day . this be hard , you know ? I be , like , exhaust . angle on ray he 's balancing a bar stool on he forehead . angle on ed and shari shari ( calmly ) he do that at my parent ' house . angle on ray as Ray drone on ... ray ( sell hard to the camera ) okay , I just want to get you attention . my name be Ray and my friend bucky and I design video system . you have get a office or a big home , we '11 come out there design you a entire system . angle on ed and shari ed see , they should have pick he . look how comfortable he be out there . angle on ray shari he be so wound up . he buy all new clothes for this . he flip the bar stool and catch it . he accept the plaudit of the crowd . he return to Ed and shari . so do the camera . Ray be fire -up . ray whew ! 1 be kick hairy ass ! Ray be still full of energy . ray ( cont 'd ) hey , ed. do you hear about marcia ? ed ( worried ) no . what happen ? ray ( to the camera ) that 's we sister . ( to Ed ) she 's get a new boyfriend . al and jeanette watch tv. jeanette who ? back to bar ray he 's live with she ! ed ( camera-conscious ) Ray , maybe this be not ... ray no , this be great . ( to the camera ) you will love this . ( to Ed ) he 's a singer . ed marcia 's live with a singer ? CUT to : ray yeah . you know , piano bar . play the piano and sing . that 's how they meet . shari he sing to she and they fall in love ? ray ( enjoy this ) no ! some drunk hit he over the head with he snifter -- you know , that thing they keep on the piano for tip -- and marcia yank a big hunk of glass out of he head . ( crack up , pound the table ) 48 int . marcia' apartment marcia be stare at the tv in unhappy SHOCK . next to she be a good - look , but slightly sleazy - look guy with a bandage on he head . 49 int . bar ray I mean my question be what be she do in a bar in the first place ? ed Ray -- ray she 's a alcoholic , for Christ 's sake . ed oh , Jesus . marcia , watch , horrified . back to bar ray remember the last guy she get involved with ? what be he name ? ed what 's the dif -- ray richie ! ( to shari ) she spend six month dating a criminal ed ( to shari ) she do not know he be a criminal . they have a relationship . they -- ray " Quick pull off the highway " be not a relationship . oh man , I gotta pee . he kiss shari . she cover she face with she hand . ray ( cont 'd ) what be you , hide from the Police ? ( pull she hand down ) show you face , you look great . ( to Ed ) do not she look great . ed great . ray ( to Ed ) while I be go , tell they about we cousin lenny who 's gay . we know from when he be five . he mince off ' effeminately , to the bathroom , laughing . it 's like a hurricane have just pass through . everyone be sit , stunned . ed you do though , you look great . shari right . ed no , no , I -- as soon as you come in tonight I say to John , " Boy shari look beautiful . " I say it on tv so you can ask anybody who see it . she laugh . they smile at each other . they make intermittent eye-contact a little self - consciously . Ed finally look somewhere else and shari , for just a moment , stare right at he . pull back to two guy , watch this on tv in a bar -- more of a neighborhood bar . 50 int . bar - night tad do you see that ? barry what ? tad her . that look . she like the Ed guy better than she like the brother . barry you be nut . tad okay , I be nut . cut of other viewer , watching real tv a bedroom the couple we meet earlier be in bed , the wife be hold the remote . husband give I the remote . wife just a few more minute . read you book . a live room a gay couple first guy what do you like about it ? I do not understand . second guy I do not know -- it just it 's I do not know . just let I watch . 51 int . ed' bedroom - morning " day three " the alarm go off . Ed start to scratch he ball , but stop halfway down . he wink at the camera and start he day . 52 ext . ews build Ed come outside and he 's accost by a group of angry Polish Americans , many of whom be carry sign decry Polish joke and anti-polish attitude . they scream angrily when they see Ed . Ed be completely shocked . he run back inside . he lock the door , leave carlos outside . the demonstrator attack carlos . 53 int . ed' apartment Ed be at he kitchen table with several burly demonstrator array behind he . Ed be nervously , reading from a sheet of paper while carlos shoot . ed ... my " Polish acrobat " remark be ill-considered . although , I mean no harm , I should have recognize that such ( trouble with the next word ) stigmatize remark bring pain and anguish to ... he 's have trouble read the next word . ed ( cont 'd ) I can not read my own write . it 's like chinese -- ( quickly backtrack ) it 's not like chinese ! chinese be , I be sure , a beautiful language and they write ... beautifully . it 's not chinese . he wipe sweat away . ed ( cont 'd ) Jesus , I be sweat like a mexican fruit-picker . ( realize ) oh , Christ ! quick cut of Ed , get he laundry , do some shopping , get he oil change , all be shot by a camera person . 54 int . dental office a young dental hygienist be clean Ed 's tooth . the camera be practically right in he mouth . it 's make the hygienist nervous . she 's distract . she hurt ed. he scream . she scream . she drop she tool . hygienist ( near hysterics ) can I have some room please ?! ed ( talk with the suction in he mouth ) gi hu roo . 55 int . tv studio it 's a educational - type panel discussion involve various egghead and pundit . it 's call " viewpoint . " moderator let 's change topic for a moment . do anybody have a viewpoint on something go on now call " Ed tv " . panel member # 1 this , I believe , be a new low point in american culture . panel member # 2 I agree . what it reveal be the absolute creative bankruptcy in the television business . what they be say , basically , be " we be give up . we have no idea . " panel member # 3 it 's worse than that ! they do not select someone with any talent , or with something to say -- they seem to celebrate the fact that this guy be a boob . it 's a joyous celebration of boobery . panel member # 4 I think we have already spend far too much time discuss this . they all agree . 56 int . chinese restaurant - night OPEN on Ray with chopstick up he nose , imitate a walrus . also , he have lo mein noodle protrude from between he lip . Ed be force a smile . Ray be wear a tee-shirt that say " Ray and bucky - video king " with a phone number . 57 int . real tv office Cynthia be alone work late . she 's drink . she 's watch Ray . she 's not enjoy he . ed ( v.o. ) Ray , do not throw the shrimp , you be gonna choke again . cynthia choke to death , you boring bastard . 58 int . ews bedroom - night Ed be sit up in bed , wear short and a tee-shirt , eat directly out of a cereal box . terry the audience like you when you be move . alice yes . try not to stay in one place too long . get outside as much as you can . keith also , we have some notion . have you think about become a Big brother ? greg or coach a Little League team ? felicia how about a date ? ed be you ask I ? felicia no , I mean ... keith it 's just , the rating be still soft . long pause ed ( nervously ) be you go to cancel I ? cynthia let 's not worry about that vet . alice you be testing well . felicia there 's another problem . greg it 's ... Ray . ed what about Ray ? greg well , the walrus impression - delightful as it be -- be just not wow the audience . this be some audience research . he hand Ed a printout . Ed do not know how to interpret the figure . ed what do this mean ? felicia it mean they hate he freaking gut . it mean if he be on fire they would not put he out . ed he 's just ... try a little too hard -- cynthia Ed , the audience can smell the desperation come through the screen . terry could you ... see he a little less often ? ed how much less ? felicia never would be plenty . ed I can not do that to he . he 's push a little too hard - but ... I just can not do that to he . silence ed ( cont 'd ) he '11 be fine . 59 int . car - day " day five " Ed be drive slowly on a busy street . suddenly a eighteen year -old boy land heavily on Ed 's windshield . Ed be badly startle . he can not see . he swerve and stop . the boy be not hurt . he 's bang on the windshield , wave at the camera . Ed , furious , get out . 60 ext . STREET - continuous ed what the --?! boy I be on tv ! I be on tv ! Ed just stare in disbelief . 61 ext . STREET - later Ed be walk . people yell at he . guy Ed ! you show stink ! the guy laugh like he really get in a good one . Ed ignore he . two teenager run in , one have a camera and quickly snap a picture of Ed and the other guy . merrily , they shake he hand and run off , whooping . there be people who trail along . many of they will show up again and again , throughout the movie , follow ed. some of they will look mentally or emotionally impair . 62 int . video store - night quick shot of Ed with customer - one or two show a bit of camera-consciousness . a little group have gather to observe Ed 's " show " . 63 int . apartment build hallway - night Ed ring the bell . ed ( to the camera ) this be Ray 's apartment . Ray 's get a big-screen tv and the knick be play in L.A. tonight , so sometimes I come over after I work late and we watch the game here . he make funny comment . he 's really a good guy . he just ... ray ( o.c . ) who be it ? ed it 's I , ed. the door open a crack , revealing Ray in a bathrobe . Ray 's look be unwelcome . ray hi. ed you watch the ballgame ? ray uh , no , uh I be a little tired . I fall asleep . ed oh. all right . i'11 watch at home , then . ray yeah ... woman ( o.c. ) Ray , where do you keep the glass ? ed oh , be shari here ? why do not you just say so ? why be you give I a song - and - dance about be tired ? ed ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) hi , shari . woman ( o.c . ) who 's shari ? ed who 's -- Ray look pain . Ed realize what 's happen and freeze Ray 's phone ring . ray oh shit ... he turn to answer he phone , allow the door to swing open a little . Ed can see into the kitchen . he see a woman , wear just panty , face away from he , search for glass . ray ( into phone ) hello ... shari , hi ... oh no ! ... oh God ! ed ( to the camera ) we would better go ... rapid cut of viewer loving this , some scream " do not go ! , do not leave , stay " etc . back to scene ray ( into phone ) no , honey , it 's not what it look like -- she hang up on he . he hold he head . ray oh God ... Ed ! 64 int . hallway Ed be tip - toeing away . he stop when Ray call he . Ray arun out into the hallway after he . they speak with lower voice . ray that be shari . she see the whole thing on tv -- ed what be this ? what 's go on , who be that ? ray ( embarrassed ) it 's the receptionist at one of the place I service video equipment -- she 's very pretty and , you know , she never even talk to I and then today I come in and she 's all " I see you on tv the other night ... you be so great ... " next thing I know we be ... ed next thing you know ! why do not you stop ? ray stop ? I be a guy . I do not stop . the woman 's suppose to stop . we be the gas , they be the brake . woman ( o.c. ) ( call out ) Ray , I finish the snapple . ray Fine ! woman ( o.c . ) be there more ? ray in the cabinet , but it 's warm . there 's ice in the tray . I ( to Ed ) talk to she . ed I do not even know she . all I know be she like snapple . ray no , not she . shari . go over there and talk to she 65 int . cynthia' bedroom cynthia yes ! go! she throws something at the screen . she pick up the phone . 66 int . hallway ed why I ? ray you bring the camera here ! ed you bring the girl ! ray please ! ed if I go over to shari , the camera 's go there , too . the camera Operators be vigorously nodd and mouth " yes , go . " Ray be oblivious to this , but Ed pick it up . ray that 's good . she '11 -- you know control herself . look . if I go over there , she 's just gonna slam the door on I . just go over and beg she to talk to I , that 's all . please . you owe I for this ! Ed accept the irony of Ray 's attitude without comment 67 int . another hallway - night the door open , revealing rita , shari 's roommate . rita ( nervously ) um ... shari know you be come over because she see ... ed right , yeah -- rita ( apologetic ) she really do not want you and the camera in here right now . ed no , I understand . that 's - where be she , be she all right ? rita be not sure how much she should reveal . rita I ... give she a drink . I think it ... but she 's not much of a drinker , so it 's make she a little ... belligerent . shari appear in the doorway over rita 's shoulder . she 's hold a liquor bottle and she 's a little drunk . shari what do you want ?! ed ( awkward ) shari , I be just really sorry . look , I know this be ... unbelievably awkward , but if I could come in for like a second and -- you know -- just say ... two word , then ... shari indicate with she head , that Ed can come in . Ed and carlos enter . rita shut the door . shari cross to a couch . Ed indicate for carlos to give they some distance . 68 int . control truck director do not lose they , carlos . this be gold . stay out of they way , but get everything . 69 int . sharix apartment carlos settles across the room . he rest the camera down as if he 's not even shoot , but he 's still guide it where he want it throughout the scene . rita I be gonna go to bed . ( to shari ) you okay ? shari shrug . rita ( cont 'd ) good night . she give the camera a quick glance . rita ( cont 'd ) ( quickly , with a small wave ) hi , mom. ( she exit ) ed shari , Ray feel -- shari ( start to cry ) do not defend that horse 's ass to I . ed I be not . I be not . I be just look -- you know , in a way , it 's good . he get this out of he system now and he know it 's not worth it and , you know , someday if you guy get marry or something -- shari ha ! ed okay ... shari ( poke Ed as she talk ) I have get news for you -- I never intend to marry he . ed oh ... how come ? 70 int . ray' apartment Ray , watch on tv . 71 int . sharix apartment shari well , for one thing , he 's a bad lay . 72 int . ray' apartment his eye bulge out and he begin to gasp . rapid shot of viewer reacting -- " whoa ! " laugh , etc . the college girl applaud . one of they scream " tell it ! " 73 int . sharix apartment Ed realize that Ray 's be call a " bad lay " on television . ed oh my god. shari ( directly into the camera ) I mean bad . ed look , not have be there ... I just think you be hurt and you be say this to , you know , get back at he . she start to cry . ed ( cont 'd ) look ... whether you get back together or not , you be too terrific a person to ... lower yourself like this . 74 int . ray' apartment Ray , still in shock . 75 int . sharix apartment ed ( cont 'd ) I mean , I tell Ray -- a couple of time -- that I think you be one of the best and ... smartest and ... most attractive woman I have ever see so ... in comforting she , he 's get he face very close to hers . 76 int . dormitory same dorm girl as before . dorm girl kiss he ! kiss he ! back to scene shari really ? ed yeah . she tilt she head forward a little , hesitates , then kiss he , at first warmly , then passionately . 77 int . dorm room the girl be go wild -- screeching . 78 int . tad' house tad I be nut , hah ?! I know it ! I say ! he dial the phone . 79 int . john' house John be stunne . JOHN oh , Jesus ! 80 int . ray' apartment he stare , amaze . the woman he be find with appear behind he . woman I find the snapple . 81 int . cynthia' bedroom she see the kiss . cynthia yes ! yes ! I win ! scharlach , you schmuck ! I be the golden goddess of television ! she begin beat she chest , one fist at a time while she scream in triumph . 82 int . sharix apartment shari and Ed have stop kissing . they both look stunne . shari be suddenly sober . shari oh my God . she look at carlos who have now move closer to they shari ( cont 'd ) oh my God . ed it 's ... okay shari I kiss my boyfriend 's brother on television ! ed well , when you put it that way . shari leave . go. ed can not we just -- shari go! ed ( exite ) all right . okay . i'11 ... see you . he and carlos exit . go through the door , he give carlos a little push then quickly step back inside , slam the door and lock it . 83 int . control truck carlo ( v.o. ) I be lock out . director stay calm . shoot the door . we be run sound . and we have get a camera in the street . 84 ext . build a camera be shoot at a second -story window . we see silhouettes . 85 int . sharix apartment Ed be at the door . shari be across the room . they stare at each other silently . then they run to each other . they kiss again . 86 ext . build we can see they kissing ... 87 int . apartment Ed and shari be all over each other . they be breathless . shari what be we do ? ed I have get to tell you something . I have have a big thing for you for month . intercut with shot of viewer they be see the door or the silhouette shot , but they be hearing every word . they be mesmerize . shari really ? ed yeah . I mean for month I have be see you with Ray you be he girlfriend and I keep wishing you be my girlfriend ... but , you know , what could I do ? shari I too . I mean I be go out with Ray and I be ... think about you . ed really ? shari oh God , this be so weird . ed weird ? if this happen last month it would have be weird . now with ... the tv and ... now it 's just too weird . they look at each other . they do not know what to do . ed ( cont 'd ) I would better go . she nod . he walk to the door . ed ( cont 'd ) once more ? she nod . they run back to each other and kiss . 88 ext . build the silhouettes be kissing . 89 int . ray' apartment Ray stare at the tv . 90 ext . private home - later " day six " this be a fairly old , modest private home . Ed pull up . he and carlos get out of the car . Ed hurry up to the front door and enter . 91 int . home - continuous Ed enter . he 's a little agitate angle on al ed hi , Al . Al be in he wheelchair and take periodic hit off a oxygen mask connect to a tank . Al 's watch himself on tv . al ( excited ) look . it 's I . he wave . ed yeah . I bring you some movie . al anything good ? they laugh . ed no , I intentionally pick out a lot of crap ' cause I do not like you . ed ( cont 'd ) be Mom here ? I gotta talk to she . al she 's in the kitchen . I would yell for she , but I would die . ( suck more oxygen ) you have a busy night last night . ed ( call ) yeah . ma ... jeanette ( o.c. ) Eddie ? ... ed yeah ? jeanette ( o.c . ) be the tv people with you ? ed yeah . the camera guy be here . jeanette ( o.c. ) send he away . ed send he ? ma , I can not . it 's -- just come out here . please , I -- jeanette ( o.c. ) no . ed do you want we to come in the kitchen ? jeanette ( o.c. ) no . it 's a mess . ed look , ma , come on out . really . I need to talk to you . after a pause , jeanette enter , very camera-conscious . ed ( cont 'd ) ( to the camera ) this be my mother . stiffly , he give she a kiss . ed ( cont 'd ) ma , do you know where Ray be ? I have be call he and I be get he machine and -- jeanette Eddie , how could you do it ? you brother 's girlfriend . ed hey , he cheat on she . jeanette he make a mistake . ed I do not want to -- do you know where he be ? jeanette no . maybe he 's watch . ( indicate the camera ) tell he you be sorry . tell he you ' 11 stay away from that girl . ed no ! and that girl have a name . al what do you love she or something ? ed ( embarrassed ) come on ... al ( teasing ) look at you face . I have a car that color . various reaction of viewer really like this . back to scene jeanette I know you . this shari be a pass fancy . ed no ! I -- all right , look , if you hear from Ray .... tell he to call I , okay ? he kiss she again . ed ( cont 'd ) how 's marcia ? she all right ? jeanette I do not know . she 's live with that " entertainer " ... ed ( try to make he mother feel better ) well , who know ? maybe she finally pick a winner this time . jeanette ( unconvince ) mm. ed you and Al live together a few month before you get marry -- after dad leave . jeanette ( look at the tv ) oh my God ! ed I mean , that work out . jeanette oh my God !! she get in the closet and close the door . 92 int . office ed ( to the camera ) I think we be through here . the Real tv group be there . they be smile . Cynthia be on the phone cynthia ( into phone ) I will . I '11 tell they . ( hang up ) that be scharlach . all of you , scrub you ass . he 's come over to kiss they . they all whoop and laugh . 93 int . shari be apartment - day shari and rita be watch Ed leave he parent house on tv . rita be very excited . shari be on the phone . shari ( into phone ) um , I would like to get a new phone number , please ... because I be get call from every nut case in America ... right , unlist ... sure. ( she hold ) rita be not you excited ? he say he love you on television ! shari he do not say it . his stepfather say it . rita ( joke ) well , the stepfather 's cute ... seriously , how do you feel about Ed ? pause . shari I think he 's great . he just make I feel ... oh , I be really gonna get hurt , this time - hello ... cut of various viewer watching real tv end on tad and barry in a health club . this be the refreshment area . they have play racquetball and they be sweaty . they be watch Real tv . tad I '11 tell you something else . the old guy in the wheelchair ? the stepfather ? they be gonna have he die . barry what do you mean " they be gonna have he die ? " tad you know , for a tearjerker . the audience fall in love with this loveable old geezer in a wheelchair and then he die , it 's ... they know what they be do . barry this be real , bananahead ! tad so ? barry so if it 's a show and they have a guy die that 's write , but if it 's real and they have a guy die that 's murder . 94 ext . video store - day Ed arrive for work . people call out to he -- pedestrian , people from car , truck driver . " hey Ed , my man . " Ed wave . people shake he hand . a teenage boy look into the camera , make a funny face . someone else look into the camera and say , " hi , ma . " suddenly , Ray be there with a woman . Ray be not happy . he 's wear dark glass and a hat . ray hi. Ed stop . ed ... Ray ? ray yeah . ed oh , man , I have be try to call you . ray I know . ed look , we gotta talk . ray save it . a guy in a car appear and point at Ray . guy hey , you be that french guy on tv . ray french guy ? guy monsieur bad-a-lay . the guy drive away . Ray be steaming . ray let I just do what I come here to do . Ed think he mean to fight . Ed try to calm he . ed what be we gonna fight ? Ray , please , listen to I -- ray ( beckone ) cassie ... cassie , a woman about Ray 's age , step forward . she 's slightly self - conscious . ray ( cont 'd ) go ahead . Ray point cassie to the camera . cassie this be really hard . ray you promise I . cassie ( to the camera ) I go out with Ray a few year ago for ... a couple of month . and we ... be intimate . and. he 's really not as bad as that girl say he be . Ray nod . cassie ( cont 'd ) I mean , I have definitely have worse . ray that 's enough . Ed be amaze that Ray would do this . ray ( cont 'd ) ( to Ed ) good-bye , brother ! ed Ray , come a -- Ray leave , still angry . cassie linger . cassie ( flirt slightly ) so you be Ed . Ray return and yank cassie away with he . Ed still have not recover from the bizarreness he just witness . two girl yell in unison from across the street . girl Ed ... we love you ! 95 int . real tv office - night Cynthia and she staff , around a conference call box . cynthia we be not go to be able to come over there for anymore midnight meeting . people be start to watch you building . the interest level in you be soar . intercut with : 95a int . ed' bedroom . Ed 's off-camera ed soaring be good , right ? I mean , that mean you be not gonna cancel I , right ? keith ( sotto ) man , he want that balloon payment . ed ( v.o. ) huh ? terry Ed , why do not you go over to see shari today ? that 's what all we viewer be hope you would do . ed be not she great ? I mean , maybe just to I , but ... I do not know , she 's just -- terry ( impatiently ) she 's great , she 's great . why do not you go see she ? ed I want to ! I be die to ! but ... greg be it Ray ? ( pull out research ) the audience hate Ray . female , 18 to 35 -- ed no , I do not need to hear that . Cynthia ? cynthia yes , Ed . ed could we just talk alone for a second ? I -- cynthia good idea . ( to she staff ) could you all leave we alone for a few minute ? she pantomime for they to stay in the room , but be quiet . the staff scrape chair leg and feign movement and ad lib " bye Ed " , " see you , buddy " etc . they all stay . cynthia ( cont 'd ) how you do , Ed ? ed I feel like when I be a kid and my mother send I to school in orange corduroy pants . cynthia ( no clue ) uh-huh ? ed and all the kid stare call I " pumpkin ass . " " hey pumpkin ass , " -- for like a year . so , now , I feel like everyone 's watch I and , you know , I be " pumpkin ass " again . the staff be stifling giggle . cynthia can I tell you something ? I think you be fantastic . I think you have take a idea and turn it into something explosive . the staff stifle laughter . one of the guy be do a jerk - off gesture . Cynthia give they the finger . ed yeah ? cynthia can I give you one bit of advice ? about shari ? ed sure . cynthia a woman want to be pursue . 96 ext . suburban home - day shari , in she fed-ex uniform be make a delivery . a woman 's signing for it . woman this be so exciting ! a real celebrity deliver my fig . shari ( uncomfortable ) sign here , please . woman that Ray be a pig . Ed be doll . you latch on to he honey . shari by the x. woman some more make - up would not do you any harm . on tv you look a little wash out . shari what would I actually have to do to get you to sign this ? woman ( insulted ) oh , a tv a minute and already a attitude . shari ( annoyed ) by the x. that 's be two line cross -- form a x. angrily , the woman sign and slam the door . she head back to she truck . she look up and Ed be there with flower . the tv camera be there also . shari be startle . but she 's also glad to see he . shari what be you do ? ed I miss you . she 's camera-shy . ed ( cont 'd ) you know , I never see you in you uniform before . shari yeah , well ... they both laugh . ed it 's really a tremendous turnoff . shari you should see the one we wear when it rain . ed Sunday night at the devil game , I be drive the Zamboni . shari the what ? ed you know , the big machine that clean the ice . shari oh yeah . ed it 's quite a honor . will you come with I ? she look at the camera . ed ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) look , I know this be weird . but ... I do not want to wait . I really think we might have something together . do not you ? embarrassed , she nod . ed ( cont 'd ) come on . be my zamboni date . she do not say " no . " they kiss -- a little hesitantly , not passionately , but affectionately . she 's still self - conscious , but she 's go with the flow . 97 int . cynthia' office they be watch . they cheer and high - five each other . 98 int . short montage Ed and shari dating . she 's shy , but she really like Ed . he like she and be very sweet to she . 1 ) Ed and shari some place like " tavern on the Green . " she look pretty . he 's very happy . 2 ) they come out of a club . tourist photograph they . shari be a little disconcert . Ed take out a little camera of he own and photograph the tourist . this make shari laugh and relax she . 3 ) hockey arena close - up of Ed , drive the Zamboni . he 's loving it . he wave to shari . shari in the stand , watch . she wave and smile . the ice , a wider shot . the Zamboni be , basically out of control . carlos be slide along the ice , shoot Ed as the Zamboni zig - zag dangerously , eventually crash into the board , shatter the plexiglas . 99 int . local rock club - night it 's very crowded . claustrophobic . loud . Ed and shari enter just to see the show . they be spot . the crowd , which be already fire up by the music , see they . it start out okay , people crowd around , patting Ed on the back . a chant begin " Ed , Ed , Ed ... " pretty soon it drown out the music . more people press towards Ed . it 's too crowded -- dangerous . shari be sweep away from Ed . she 's buffete about , violently . she go down . Ed can not move . the crowd be friendly and happy , but the effect be scary . 100 ext . rock club - a few minute later bouncers squeeze Ed and shari out the door , protect they . Ed be unnerve . shari be somewhat bedraggle . her clothing be tear . 101 int . ed' kitchen - day Ed be on the phone . intercut with : cynthia' office yeah ?! ed they tore she dress ! ... cynthia we be go to get you a bodyguard , do not worry . Ed , I have some news for you . we be pick up Ed tv for another month ! ed ( excited ) yeah ?! cynthia that mean a balloon payment and a big raise for the second month . ed stand back -- I be about to do my happy dance . he do . 102 int . restaurant Ed and shari be eating . so be a huge man sit between they . his name be moe . 103 int . roller rink Ed and shari be skating . up ahead of they , moe , ( on skate ) be plow into people , knock they over . 104 int . pizza joint - night Ed and shari get up to leave . they look at each other , very affectionately . they want to kiss . the camera be close . Ed be wear a jacket . he spread it out wide to block shari 's face from the camera . he lean in and they kiss on the lip , several time , while Ed 's jacket screen off the camera . they be in love . 105 int . tv news show - three week later written on the screen -- " Day 26 . " it 's the same news team we meet earlier . anchor well , welve have pet rock , hula hoop , davy crockett , Beatle wig , and leisure suit . but America 's latest craze be a guy name Ed . here with that story be entertainment reporter , Rick Douglas . entertainment reporter Pat , four week ago , no one in America have even hear of Ed pekurny . today , this thirty - one year - old video store clerk have become something of a national obsession . the word viewer use to describe he be " charming , " " natural , " and " appeal . " and rating indicate that " Ed tv " be be watch by more people , each day , than any show in the history of cable television . CUT to : a shot of scharlach be interview . a caption identify he . scharlach this idea just come to I . I tell my staff -- if people just tune in twice a day for five minute we be a hit . sometimes you gotta go with you gut feel . CUT to : 106 int . cynthia' office she 's watch . she 's angry . cynthia sure it come to you ! because I bring it to you ! ( raise she fist ) you want a gut feel ?! how about a groin feel ?! ( raise she foot ) back to news report entertainment reporter Ed tv have become so popular that when Ed go to sleep Real tv be run highlight of Ed 's day all night . some viewer have become obsessed with Ed . they wake up when Ed wake up , they go to sleep when Ed go to sleep , and in between they try to watch as much of he as possible . a series of man-in-the-street interview . woman # 1 ( casually ) yeah , I watch it ... more than I would like to admit sometimes . man ( about fifty ) never ... no ... younger man honestly ? ... I try not to go to the bathroom until Ed go to the bathroom so I will not miss anything . a guy in a ice cream store . ice cream guy watch this ! like ed. he slice a banana the way Ed do . woman # 2 I just kind of leave it a , you know , so it 's ... there . three teen -age girl teen -ager #l I do not like shari . she 's ... needy . teen -ager # 2 I like she . she 's sweet . teen -ager # 1 she just rub I the wrong way . teen -ager # 3 I be so glad they get rid of Ray . he be creepy . CUT to : young guy guy # 1 to I , this shari be like nothing . guy # 2 she 's not even hot . I mean Ed 's a celebrity . if that be I , I would be dating the goods . guy # 1 there 's something wrong with she . she 's definitely not hot . guy # 2 not hot . not . 107 int . sharix apartment she 's watch this , wear a bathrobe . her self - esteem be be crush . 108 int . tv studio this be a " E tv " kind of gossip show . the host -- a young woman -- be show film of Ed and shari get out of Ed 's car . the film freeze-frames . shari have a unflatter look on she face . gossip queen what 's wrong with she ! everytime you look at this chick , it 's like she badly need a tampax . Ed , you can do better . shari watch , in horror . 109 int . delicatessan - night Ed and shari be on a date . a waitress be take they order . shari still seem a little self - conscious , but Ed be have a ball . ed I '11 have ... ( to shari ) get this -- ( to the waitress ) I '11 have the " Ed . " shari I be stunne . a woman with she young son approach . woman Mr. pekurny . I be sorry to bother you . my son would just love to have you autograph . ed no problema . ( to the boy ) you want a picture ? the boy nod . ed ( cont 'd ) moe . moe , the bodyguard , in the next booth hand Ed a glossy of Ed and a pen . Ed sign it . ed ( cont 'd ) take this around the corner to Frame World , they will give you a discount . the woman and child leave . ed ( cont 'd ) ( to shari ) oh -- Sunday be good for I to meet you folk . we get a big family audience on Sunday so it work out . shari ( ironic ) that 's lucky . ed Saturday , I think we should a phone ring Ed take a phone out of he pocket . ed ( cont 'd ) ( plugging ) compliment of Motorola . hello ... marcia ?? ( to shari ) my sister . -- what ? ... what , right now ? ... I be eat , I be on a date ! ... well , where 's you boyfriend -- what 's he name ? cliff .... then , call a cab ... ( wearily ) all right . look , just do not start any trouble okay . just sit there quietly ' till I get there ... you be welcome . he hang up . he 's disgust . 110 int . car - a few minute later ed this use to be a regular thing . and the worst part , be while she would be wait for I to come down to some bar and get she , she would start up with some guy and say " wait ' till my brother get here , he '11 kick you ass . " so then I walk in and there 's some rhinoceros in a windbreaker who try to shove I into a shot glass . and marcia 's drunk and scream " kick he ass , ed. kick he ass . " ( look out ) I think this be it . 111 int . bar it 's not a seedy dive . Ed and shari and the camera operator enter . a customer approach . customer hey , hey , hey , hey , hey . you be the guy on tv . ed what be the tip-off ? the enormous camera ? customer watch this . the guy do Ed 's " happy dance . " customer ( cont 'd ) see , like you . ed yeah . keep up the good work . Ed brushes by he . he see a woman pass out at a table . ed ( cont 'd ) oh great . he prepare to lift she . marcia ( o.c. ) ed. he turn and see marcia stand there . marcia ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ed hm ? I be , uh ... why be not this drunken woman you ? he let go of the woman . her head bounce on the table . ed ( cont ' D ) what 's go on ? why do you want I to come down here ? marcia guide they into chair . marcia cliff be here . he 's perform . I want you to see he . for a second , Ed do not get it . then . ed oh ! oh -- okay , now I get it . it 's " Star search . " you want I here because the camera come with I . marcia Ed , he need a break . you do not know what kind of bad luck he 's have -- ed I can imagine . you say you want nothing to do with this . you swore to I . " do not come near I . do not bring this into my life ... " marcia for God sake , you say two word about some lousy pizza joint , the guy 's a millionaire now . this could be my whole future we be talk about . ( to shari ) hi , I be Ed 's sister . shari ( politely ) I have hear so much about you . 112 int . bar - later cliff be in the middle of he show . he 's wear a portable organ . he 's not great . he 's a smalltime professional with a lot of pep . marcia be beam . Ed 's camera be shoot he . cut of cliff , sing every type of song , imaginable . this guy be desperately try to cover all the basis -- i.e. Sinatra - type standard , something from " lion King " , " do ya' think I be sexy , " " smokin ' in the Boy 's room , " " hey , hey , we be the monkee , " the theme from " Hawaii five - 0 , " a rap number , and " Ave Maria . " angle on ed and shari ed ( sotto ) I wish my stepfather be here . shari why ? ed he could give I some oxygen . 113 int . shari be apartment - later Ed and shari be kissing . cutaway to viewer tad and barry barry oh boy ! here we go ! Ed be passionate . jeanette and al jeanette ( cring ) euuw ... ray fuming . back to ed and shari shari um ... ed what ? she indicate the camera . Ed try to allay she fear . ed ( cont 'd ) I tell you . if we ... you know do it , they go away until ... we be do . shari I know , but even if they go away , everybody in America know what we be do because ... they go away . ed so ? what do they think -- we be not kid -- shari ( overlap ) I know , I ... ed ( overlap ) shari , I really like you ... shari ( overlap ) I really like you too ... ed ... if this ... ( the camera ) ... be not here ... ? shari ... yeah , then , but ... cutaway ed so ...? shari Ed ... I think we should stop see each other . the guy who say she be not hot . they applaud . the dorm girl they be boo shari . a bar a very attractive woman ( jill ) and she friend . jill that girl 's a idiot . back to ed and shari ed what ?... why ? shari ( start to weep ) I can not take it anymore ... guy who don't think she' hot they mock she , cry " boo hoo hoo " and pretend to rub they eye . back to ed and shari shari ( cry ) I have no privacy . even now ! I be cry and I can not stop and they will not go away . and now it 's go to be another month ! ed shari ... shari everybody hate I ! ed no. who ? shari look at this . she pick up a n.y. post . shari ( cont 'd ) page three of the Post . ed ( know what it be ) ohh ... shari a poll . " be shari good enough for Ed ? " seventy - one per cent say " no. " ( cry ) they hate I ! ed who care ? I do not can -- no. I do care . ( to the camera ) shame on everybody . shame on you ! well , just the seventy - one percent . the other ... ( he can not do the math ) shari twenty-nine . ed exactly . Boy , you be smart . ( to the camera ) why be you so mean to she ? what do she do to you ? ( pick up newspaper ) " be she good enough for Ed ? " who the hell be I ? ( sarcastically ) who the hell do you think I should be dating ? shari there 's a list . ed really ? ( he look ) shari Ed ? he do not hear she . he 's scan the list . ed wow ... 114 int . david letterman show ( or something ) Ed be a guest . dave I be out here a hour a night and I feel like a dork . you be on every minute ! do not it just drive you nut ? ed ( cheerfully ) yeah . laugh . dave all this fame and the money you be make . be this go to change you , do you think ? ed God , I hope so . bigger laugh . 115 int . GREEN room - later it 's after the show . Ed be get ready to leave . John be with he , keep he company . A. p.a. be give Ed a bag of gift . ( of course , Ed be still on Ed tv . ) production assistant you have get a ham in there and Dave 's book and -- ed hey , if it 's free , it 's I . ( to John ) you ready ? JOHN yeah . you do good . what 's wrong ? ed aah , I want shari to come . JOHN oh -- so I be just , what -- a poor substitute ? he kiss John . ed ( easily ) yeah . ( to the camera ) honey , if you be watch this be for you . JOHN no ! do not -- ( new subject ) oh , wow . ed what ? angle on jill in the hallway ( we meet she earlier in a cutaway . ) she 's say good - bye to a casting assistant . JOHN no more call , we have a winner . Jill look up , see Ed and walk right up to he jill hi. ed hi. security step forward . ed ( cont 'd ) it 's all right . they step back . jill I be Jill . I really like you show . I think you be great . ed thanks ... that 's ... shari , watch this on television . jill you must be John . JOHN I be try to remember . jill ( to Ed ) well , I do not want to bother you , I be just -- I be here audition for a skit . you know , one of that thing where Dave go around town with model and whatever ... ed oh , yeah , I love that . yeah ... that be funny ... jill well , it be really nice meeting you and , uh ... ( check she watch ) I would better get a cab . but she do not leave . ed um ... they give I a limo , uh ... jill oh , great ! thanks . I be just go uptown . she take he arm and lead he out . 116 int . health club - next day written on the screen -- " Day 28 " two women on stairmaster . woman v11 bet he go out with she . it 's like that actor -- as soon as they get famous -- pfft - there go the wife . 117 ext . college the dorm girl . 118 int . poker game college girl he will never cheat on shari ! the game include tad and Barry . 119 int . tv studio barry you think she really like he ? tad she do not give a shit about he . barry you know what would be great ? tad what ? barry if Ray would steal this girl from Ed . that would be great . poker player # 2 you know what would be even better ? barry what ? poker player # 2 if you shut you hole and play card . goddam pineapple brother . the same egghead who , earlier , have no interest in Ed . now they be all work up . panel member # 1 but he 's not a normal person anymore . he 's a celebrity . we be no longer observe anyone 's " real life . " panel member # 2 ( disagreeing ) but that 's what 's interesting ! the effect of celebrity on a otherwise average person . panel member # 3 but do you really feel that Ed be a average person ? I mean this guy seem to have a ... magnetism , a charisma that , I think , transcend the entire concept . panel member # 4 I agree . he 's special . they all nod . 120 int . ews apartment - day " day 34 " Ed be open letter and package . there be pile of they ed this be from a girl name tawny ... this go in the nude picture pile . thank you , tawny . he place it in a large pile . he open another envelope . ed ( cont 'd ) let 's see . Ed stare and he smile disappear . angle on the mail a picture of Ed 's face with he body draw underneath it . the body be spurting blood and be mutilate . Ed stare at it . ed well . this be creative . this go in the psychopath pile . the doorbell ring . ed oh , I hope that 's not this guy . ( indicate psycho letter ) he pick up a baseball bat and cross to the door . he open the door . a handsome man in he early sixty be there . his name be hank . hank hello . ed hi. Ed wait . hank you do not recognize I . ed no . be I suppose to ? hank shrug . Ed stare at he , then begin to look a little shake . 121 int . ews mother' house jeanette be put a jar in the refrigerator . she glance at the television . she drop the jar . it shatter ... 122 int . marcia' apartment marcia be with she half - asian son andy . she 's serve he dinner . off -camera we hear cliff singing and the dog howling in distress . glancing at the television , marcia gasp . 123 int . ray' apartment Ray be typing on a word processor . he stare curiously at the television . 124 int . ed' apartment Ed be stare at hank doubtfully . hank it 's I , hank -- you father . rapid cut of viewer , excited . many of they reach for the phone . 125 int . real tv office the Real tv staff react . Cynthia look over -- stunne . alice ( to Cynthia ) do you do this ? do you find he and get he to -- cynthia no way ... oh , this just keep get better . 126 int . al and jeanette's house - day written on the screen -- " Day 35 " Ed and he mother be argue . Al be suck oxygen and have a pile of " people " magazine with Ed on the cover . a repairman be fix the refrigerator . all they food be out and melting . jeanette be try to preserve food in a ice chest while she argue with Ed . jeanette I can not believe you be take he side . ed I be not ! I be just try to get some fact . al ( to Ed ) sign this one to Nancy . she 's the nurse who handle my urine . Ed sign . jeanette I tell you the fact ! he abandon we -- that be the fact . ed so everything he tell I yesterday be a lie . everything . Al take a loud breath . jeantette yes ! ... practically ed what do you mean practically ? do he really run away or do you throw he out like he say . repairman I need to replace the coil . jeanette ( to Ed ) he run away after I throw he out . ( to repairman ) how much be a new coil ? repairman a hundred and fifty buck . ed so he be tell the truth you throw he out . repairman should I go ahead ? jeanette yes . ed yes to I or yes to the coil ? jeanette both . ed Holy sh -- al this one to Dr. bamajian . maybe he will not make I wait a hour . Ed sign . jeanette he have girlfriend ! ed he say -- jeanette I do not care what he say . look , I do not need to relive this . on television ! al whatever happen to norman rockwell ? ed who ? al norman rockwell . he paint magazine cover . folksy . a mailman , a boy scout , a kid visit a doctor ... ed yeah , so ... ? al they celebrate the common person . ed well , I do not think you can get more common than I , Al . al no . only celebrity now . now , if you put a mailman on the cover of a magazine he would better have kill someone or no one will buy it . this one to Dr. rumpley . jeanette storm back in . jeanette all right -- do you want to know the truth ? I take you and marcia and Ray to my sister 's on the train for the weekend and you all get chicken pox . so I take you home a day early and there be you father with a woman in we bed . okay ? ed Chicken pox ? I be six . he do not leave ' till I be twelve . jeanette he ... apologize , he begge I . he can be very ... charming when it suit he purpose . ed but what be that whole story about he and a nurse ? jeanette she could have be a nurse . ed could have be a nurse ? jeanette she have white shoe . ed so do grandma . so do shaquille o'neal . you tell I you have a hysterectomy and he run off with you nurse . jeanette what 's the difference ? ed the difference be for twenty year I think one thing and now it 's another thing . Ed nod . jeanette he be no good . do you remember how he use to scream at I ? you use to cover you ear with dinner roll . jeanette ( cont 'd ) also , no job be ever good enough for he . " small potato , small potato . " Al , you remember -- Al breathes loudly . ed wait a minute . I think you do not know Al , ' till after dad leave . pause . even the repairman poke he head out of the refrigerator . ed ( cont ' D ) oh my god. you and Al be - and that 's why you throw he out . jeanette he have a woman in my own bed ! and how dare you call he " dad " in front of al. ( shake Al by the shoulder ) this be you father . this be who be there for you when you need someone . al jeanette , you be hurt I . ed ( on the defensive ) I be not -- I do not -- Al , you know how I feel about you ... Al breathes loudly . ed ( cont 'd ) ( uncomfortably ) if I do not call you " dad " it ' just because ... 1 be already a big boy when you come into we life -- ( pointedly to he mother ) or when I think you come into we life -- jeanette and what do he come back now for ? ed who ? jeanette hank ! all of a sudden . because now you be famous and he can get something from you . I do not want you to become a victim like marcia . ( to the tv ) not that you be a victim , honey . you be not . life 's just be a little hard on you , sweetie . ed ( to Al ) what do you think . I mean about ... he . should I just ... have nothing to do with he ? I mean ... al ( to Ed ) have I ever say a bad word to you about you father ? ed no. al well , now I will . he be a crazy mean , son-of - a-bitch . Al start to wheel himself out . Ed look weary . al ( cont 'd ) but he be you father . 127 int . ed' bedroom - night he 's asleep . 128 int . control truck they be monitoring he . they see Ed wake up . they stir . sleepy , and scratch he ass , he go into the bathroom . 129 int . bathroom Ed shut the door . he take he portable phone out of a bathroom drawer . ( he stashed it there . ) he make a call and wait . ed ( whisper ) hi ... it 's I , Ed . it 's be two day , I want to see you ... no , I will not let they follow I , I '11 sneak out ... no it 's not allow , but I be go for it ... I be on my way . he take clothing out of the bathroom hamper . until he find something acceptable . 130 int . control truck they be monitoring the empty bed . 131 int . bathroom Ed be dress . he climb out he bathroom window . 132 int . shari be apartment - later shari open she front door . ed hi. she look down the hallway . ed ( cont 'd ) they be not here . he go in , grab she and kiss she passionately . shari I try to tell you over the phone -- my parent go to Atlantic City . ed so ? shari so my little brother 's stay here . I be sleep with rita . ed oh je -- could not he sleep with rita ? we '11 all have a good time . shari I be sorry . ed come on , let 's go . shari where ? ed somewhere . 133 int . ed' car - a few minute later they get in . they look at each other . ed do you want to go to a motel ? shari I feel like a criminal or , like we be cheating on someone . ed ( nicely ) just ... just relax . okay ? we will not do anything . we '11 just sit here for a while . shari okay . ed come on ... gently he put he arm around she . at first , she hesitates , but then curl up against he and relax . ed ( cont 'd ) I need to talk . shari be you all right ? ed she lie to I . I mean all my life , she 's tell I one story and then ... it turn out to be a completely different story . come to I at some point -- tell I the truth . no . not in my house . the truth be a stranger . and this be why Ray and marcia be the way they be . marcia get involved with all this loser and see no problem with herself - " how do they find I " she say . Ray cheat on you and then blame I for it . I be the only one in the family who take any responsibility for himself ... oh , man ... be you all right ? shari ( hesitantly ) yeah ... I see that girl come on to you at the tv show . ed oh that be ... no , I ... she just kind of trap I into give she a ride . it 's you . I want you . shari ... yeah ? he touch she . they kiss . then again . they hand be roam . they be hot . they be breathe hard . he 's unbuttone she blouse . they hand be all over each other . her blouse come off . light go on . they see camera , shoot at they . shari scream and cover she breast . 134 int . tv - day announcer ( v.o. ) good morning . welcome to another day of Ed tv . last night , while most of we be asleep ... this happen . 135 int . frat house - morning four guy in a disgustingly messy room , watch the replay of Ed and shari . frat guy yes !! they gyrate lewdly . 136 ext . STREET - day shari be work . Ed be follow she around . shari be angry . the camera be there . shari get they away from I . she take package out of the truck and throws they at the cameramen . ed it 's not they fault . shari no . it 's you fault . she throw a package at he . ed what do you want I to do ? you want I to quit the show ?! shari no ... could you ? ed no . if I quit I do not get the balloon payment . shari the what ? ed Ray borrow this whole tub of money against this balloon payment that I do not get if I qu -- it 's too complicated . I -- besides ... shari what ? pause . ed you see how people look at I . like when they ask for my autograph or say " hi " to I ... it 's like I be a basketball player or a ... you know , like I be someone . shari everybody 's someone . ed well , yeah , everybody 's someone . but I mean someone they want to be . I mean let 's face it , I be work in the video store , no one 's come in say " oh , I wish I be that guy . 1 wish be rewind that huge pile of tape . " at least for a month I be not just a guy with a name tag . I be famous . a guy yell from across the street . guy shari ! Nice nipple . ed and so be you . guy keep yelling " shari ! " she try to go after they . Ed hold she back . shari I do not want to be famous for get catch with my shirt off . if I be go to be famous -- the camera be right in she face . she grab it . shari ( cont 'd ) ( to the camera person ) this be go right up you ass . ed come on . he return the camera . shari start for she truck . shari look ... maybe we just better put we on hold until this be over . she get in she truck . ed come on ! loosen up . ( try to joke ) see -- this be why seventy - one per cent of the people do not like you . she slam the truck door . ed ( cont 'd ) it be a joke ! a... vicious , thoughtless stupid joke . he bang himself in the head . she drive away . he bow . ed ( cont 'd ) ( to the camera ) and that , for you kid out there , be how you screw up a relationship . 137 int . ed' apartment Ed enter . he 's wear out . he plop down , and put on the tv . ed ( to the camera ) I be gonna watch anything but I . Ed be flipping station . something make he stop . announcer ( v.o. ) come in two week to the lifestyle Channel -- joma . his dad 's a cop , he brother 's a bouncer in a topless bar , he sister be a black - belt social worker -- and joma 's live with two gal . angle on the tv we see joma . he have a lot of charisma . he seem a little dangerous , but in a exciting way . joma hey , Ed ! I be come to get you , man ! I be gonna eat you right up ! ( make gobble - up noise ) angle on ed watch . he 's stunne . 138 int . network conference room - day they be watch a tape of Ed tv . Ed have just enter he own apartment . a woman be there , sit on he sofa . she 's caress Ed 's undershort against she cheek . Ed be highly agitate . ed how do you get into my apartment ?! the bodyguard be pull she out . reveal that scharlach , mcilvaine , seaver , Cynthia and greg be all watch . mcilvaine what be she hold ? greg ( calmly ) a pair of Ed 's underwear . mcilvaine oh my God ! on the tape , the woman while be forcibly evict , offer the underwear to Ed . Ed recoil . ed no -- keep it . woman I love you ! 1 want to marry you ! she 's haul out . they stop the tape . scharlach see -- that 's television ! this other thing , this jama , that have " stink " write all over it . greg the break - up with shari be very big . Big rating . seaver only , Cynthia , seriously . tell Ed not to sneak out anymore . scharlach Cynthia ... he want it accomplish . 139 ext . STREET - day seaver ( cont 'd ) it 's in violation of he contract and if we want to be hard - nose about it , he could forfeit all pay , include money he 's already receive . cynthia ( dutifully , but a tad resentfully ) I will see that he 's properly threaten . scharlach now what ? what 's on the young man 's agenda ? we do not want to see he sit around like a lovesick puppy . greg Young male do not want to see Ed get back with shari . scharlach ( impatiently ) enough with she . that sail . mcilvaine could Ed live with two girl ? greg you know who the audience be request a lot ? that girl , Jill , that Ed meet at the letterman show . she really score . scharlach Cynthia ... he want it accomplish . 139 ext . STREET - day Ed be walk from he car to a building . crowd be behind barricade . they yell at Ed as he pass . Ed be use to this . 140 int . shari be build - day rita open the door and see Ed . rita ( nervously ) oh. ed. ed hi. be shari here ? rita no . ed what be she , at work ? rita she leave . ed well , when will she be back ? rita she will not . ed what be you talk about ? rita she leave . she move . she get fed - ex to give she a transfer and she leave . she could not stand it anymore . we have people , news people , regular people , just sleep in we hallway , go through we mail , we garbage . I mean it be she could not take it anymore . now I have get to move . I can not afford this place by myself . ed I be sorry . where would they send she ? rita she would not tell I . 141 int . ed' bedroom - night he 's off the air . he 's a little down . he 's on the phone - intercut with : 142 int . cynthia' bedroom she 's work out a a contraption . ed remember when you be interview I ? ( detail to follow ) 143 ext . park - day cynthia yeah . ed you ask I if I have a dream . I say " sure , I have a dream . I just do not know what it be yet . " cynthia great line . ed what if shari 's the dream ? cynthia Ed , do you want my advice ? ed yeah , that 's why I call . I mean , maybe fed - ex would tell I where she move -- cynthia leave she be . ed you say a woman like to be pursue . cynthia pursue , not harass . give it some space . can I tell you something -- as a friend ? my sister be go with a guy they hit a little rough spot they start see other people they get back together and last month they have they third child for what it 's worth . OPEN on andy , Ed 's half - asian nephew . he 's eight . he 's wear a baseball glove . andy throw I a high one , uncle Eddie . ed ( o.c. ) okay . reveal ed , also wear a baseball glove . he throw a high pop up to Andy . Andy stagger around and almost catch it . ed oh !! jill ( 0.c . ) we have to stop meeting like this . ed hm ? reveal jill , walk a dog . it take just a second to recognize she . ed ( cont 'd ) oh , hi. Ed be hit with the ball . andy sorry . reveal the Real tv staff watch this on television in they office . as Ed and Jill chat in the background . alice ( to Cynthia ) do you arrange this ? cynthia ( point to the tv ) whose dog be that ? alice ( surprised ) that 's you dog . Cynthia do not even smile . montage interspersed in the montage be shot of people watching they on tv 1 . Ed and Jill go into a chic club -- ushere in immediately . here , as in the other time we see she , Jill be comfortable with the situation . she 's the opposite of shari . she pose willingly . she chat easily with paparazzi . she cling to Ed . there 's nothing over or obnoxious about she . she 's just comfortable and good at it and always look great . 2 . interview with the guy who do not like shari . guy # 1 Way to go , Ed ! guy # 2 now , we be talk ! 3 . a n.y. Post story : " reader pick Jill over shari . " picture of both woman . Jill look great . shari be in she uniform and look like a mouse . 4 . shari in a new apartment . watch Ed and Jill on tv . she 's very unhappy . she turn it off . 5 . Ed and Jill at the nice restaurant he be at with shari earlier . it look like he 's start to like she . 6 . Ed be refereeing a pro-wrestling match . he count out the villain who , then , jump up and chase he out of the ring . 144 int . jill apartment - night " day 47 " Ed and Jill be in a heavy liplock . carlos be right there with the camera . unlike shari , Jill seem unself - conscious . she 's get Ed pretty turn - on . shot of viewer , also turn on , especially the man . jill you want to ? it 's clear what she mean . Ed be conflict . he 's clearly arouse . ed um ... it 's kind of ... he look for he watch on the wrong wrist , then seem to check all around he body until he discover it . jill be you busy tomorrow night ? ed no. jill why do not you come over . and I '11 make dinner . and you bring a movie . and ... we '11 make a night of it ... okay ? ed ( nervously ) sure . 145 ext . STREET - day written on the screen -- " Day 48 " Ed be walk , the camera follow . he look tense . people shout " hey , Ed " " Ed -die " etc . angle on a newspaper vending machine the New York Post front page -- " be tonight the night ? " with a picture of Ed and Jill kissing . angle on ed ed oh man ... con ed guy hey , Eddie . Ed look up . con ed guy ( cont 'd ) ( give the " thumb up " ) go for it ! Ed continue down the street . people yell to he " good luck tonight , " " we be root for you " etc . a STREET character walk alongside for a minute . STREET character hey , man . this be haitian Love juice . ( he produce a vial ) you give she this , she be yours . Security grab he and the vial fall and break . the liquid hit the pavement and smoke up . ed ( look at the smoke ) Jesus ! more shout " be gentle " , " we '11 be watch " , " use a condom " etc . a school bus pass . the kide yell out the window to Ed . kide ( in unison ) good luck ! 146 ext . movie theatre - night there be no line . at ticket taker sit , bored . no one be go in or come out . 147 ext . STREET it 's desert . 148 ext . restaurant it 's empty . the headwaiter stand in the doorway with nothing to do . 149 int . live room a party be in progress . the tv be on . on tv Ed be in a liquor store , buy a bottle of wine . Ed be dress for he date . the people at the party be watch tv and comment . it 's like a Super bowl party . voice ( o.c. ) what 's he do ? partygoer he 's buy wine ! 150 int . bedroom several high -school age boy . they have make themselves look like Ed . they be very excited . teen -age boy # 1 you think he 's gonna do it ? teen -age boy # 2 Hell yeah . the guy have not have any sex in six week . teen -age boy # 3 neither have we . 151 ext . STREET Ed 's car turn the corner and he see a crowd gather around Jill 's building . 152 ext . build ed ( understate ) I be start to feel a little pressure . Ed carry he wine enter to applause and cheer . 153 ext . residential STREET a long shot encompass all the house on the block . they live room tv 's be visible . all but one be tune to Ed . 154 int . jill kitchen something be cooking . Jill pick up a plate of something - dip and cut vegetable for instance . she start to exit the kitchen as Ed and carlos enter . Ed and Jill have a soft collision . jill oh. ed can I help with anything ? jill no . it 's go to be about a half -hour . ed what be ? oh , dinner ! self-consciously . he take a vegetable , dip it and eat it . ed ( cont 'd ) mm. jill good ? ed mm. they look at each other . Jill lean forward and kiss he . she put the tray of vegetable on the counter . they continue to kiss . 155 int . bedroom the high school boy be chanting . 156 int . dorm room boy Ed -- Ed -- Ed -- Ed ... college girl ( same one as before ) . college girl # 1 oh , I hope she make love to he ! college girl # 2 I think you do not like she . college girl # 1 I do not , but I want he to be happy - rapid shot of other viewer , watch , transfix -- 157 int . jill apartment Ed and Jill be make out . they begin take each other 's clothes off . they be pass the point of no return . it 's go to happen right there in the kitchen . Ed and Jill , in heavy heat , back up to the kitchen table and climb on to it . they continue to pull at they own and each , other 's clothing . they be make passionate noise . 158 int . sharix apartment shari be not watch television . she 's eat a little meal she 's make for herself . she hear people in she building cheer and whooping . she look miserable . 159 int . control truck director ( slightly panicky ) someone say the word , how far can we go here ? 160 int . real tv office Cynthia and she staff be watch . Cynthia be on the phone - cynthia ( into phone ) stay with they ... do not leave yet ... not yet ... Jill be on top of ed. carry away with passion , Ed attempt to roll she over and get on top . he do , but roll too far . he crash off the table , to the floor , face up . ed ( in pain ) ohhh ... jill Ed ? ed ohh ... do you own a cat ? jill yeah . why ? he look at she apologetically . 161 ext . jill build Ed be be load into a ambulance . he look humiliate . people in the street be applaud politely as if Ed be a injure ballplayer be carry off the field . Jill be by the ambulance . she 's petting a cat who look all right . photographer be take she picture . she 's pose willingly . the ambulance drive off as Jill continue to pose . 162 int . tv studio written on the screen -- " Day 49 " the taping of " the tonight show " or " the late show " -- once again , whichever we have a prayer of get . the monologue be in progress . jay ( or dave ) ( mock annoyed ) so I guess you be all watch Ed last night . the audience go wild . jay ( cont 'd ) this get the high rating of the year , since the Super bowl . I guess that make sense . after all , Ed be now the buffalo bill of sex . big laugh 163 int . restaurant - day scharlach eating . he 's stunne . scharlach what ?! reveal cynthia cynthia take he off the air . scharlach what be you talk about ? he 's fine . he 's out of the hospital already . the rating be higher than ever . cynthia I be tell you , it 's peak . Ed tv be a over- inflate balloon . get it off before it explode all over we . he think . scharlach with all due respect , Cynthia you be nut . I be give he another month ! cynthia ( coldly ) good luck . 164 ext . STREET - day " day 54 " Ed be walk . he 's wear a white , velcro support around he waist . he 's agitate . he 's carry a copy of the New York Post . ed look at this ! we see a headline -- " Ed : she break my heart . " ed she do not ! ( venting ) you know what she do ? ed ( cont 'd ) she go out to California and get one of that scandal agent . one of that agent who handle , like ... gennifer Flowers and ... kato kaelin and joey buttafuco . that 's what she -- a guy yell at ed guy hey Ed ! ... she be a little too much for you , huh ? must run in the family . ed ( angry ) oh -- like this guy 's ever be with a woman . ( yell ) how about I kick you ass ' till the crack go the other way ? ( to the camera ) all of a sudden , I be like fair game for everyone . I be like -- he stop and look like he 's in shock . he stare in through the display window of a bookstore . angle on , a big display of cheap , rush - out , exploitation book . on the cover we read " my brother piss on I by Raymond L. pekurny .11 and there 's a old photo of two little boy . ( Ed and Ray ) ed oh my -- he write a book ?! Ray write a book ?! he never read a book ! 165 int . hallway - night " day 58 " it 's the hallway of a cheap hotel . Ed and the camera come off the elevator . Ed look at room number . he can hear the noise from all the room . a radio -- a domestic disturbance -- a baby cry -- it 's a horror . he knock on a door . hank ( o.c . ) who be it ? ed it 's ed. the door open revealing Ed 's father . hank Ed ! come in - they enter . 166 int . HOTEL room it 's depress . there 's a liquor bottle on the dresser . Ed see it . hank ( cont 'd ) how have you be ? Ed shrug . hank ( cont 'd ) they do not get cable here , so 1 can not watch you . Ed just grunt . hank take laundry off a chair . hank ( cont 'd ) sit down . he do . he look around . hank ( cont 'd ) quite a shithole , be not it ? ed it could be , if you fix it up . how do you ... ? I mean how do anyone ... wind up like this ? hank I be in jail . ed the whole time ? eighteen year ? hank no . two time . ed what ... hank check forging . ed oh , man ! so ... hank the last two year , I have be a limousine driver , but I do not see well anymore , so ... ed so you see I on tv and you say " hey , let I jump on this . " hank I need help . how many time if just one little thing that I need would have happen , it would have change everything . if I have a few dollar when a opportunity come along or ... the tumbler just never click for I . Ed do not know what to say . he 's bitter towards hank , but there 's also some empathy . ed ( to the camera ) all right ... this be my father , I do not know what the hell he can do , but if anyone out there can help he -- get he a job - I '11 ... help you . i'11 ... mention you business or ... I do not know , we '11 figure it out . ( quickly , to hank ) I gotta go . hank Ed ... I be sorry . ed ( still bitter ) yeah ? that 's good . sorry be good . you know I finish that model . hank what ... ed the pirate ship . hank look blankly at he . ed ( cont 'd ) -- that we be do " together . " I finish it . it come out great ! because no one be stand over my shoulder bother I - " that 's too much glue . you be use too much glue . " hank do you still have it ? ed no. Ray sit on it . I '11 see you . he exit . out in the hallway , he lean back against the door , drain . the camera be right on he , soaking it up . 167 int . tv studio the same pbs - type panel of smart - look people we meet earlier . we OPEN on about half the panel . moderator let 's hear from we guest panelist . you have express some interesting thought on this , subject . what do you see as the meaning , if there be any , of Ed tv , John . reveal JOHN , sit comfortably on the panel , look very wise . JOHN I feel that Ed be the apotheosis of a prevaile american syndrome . it use to be that someone become famous because they be special . now people be consider special just for be famous . Fame , itself , be now a moral good in this country . it 's its own virtue . the other nod appreciatively as John put a pipe in he mouth . tv interview old guy I be Ed 's Little League coach . he have no coordination . the big game , he strike cut with the basis load . then he cry like a woman . it be sicken . CUT to : old woman I be he third grade teacher . I say " take he for test . there 's something wrong with he . " they do not listen . CUT to : another guy he use to steal thing from my store . at least I think it be he . yeah , it be probably he . 168 ext . ed' apartment - day a man , on the sidewalk , have a stuffed cat stick to he back to tease Ed . cat man hey , look , I just fall off a table ! suddenly , a tubful of water crash down on he . 169 int . ed' apartment - continuous Ed at the window , with a now empty plastic tub . ed ( yell down ) okay , be that funny ? then he throw the tub out the window . ed ( cont 'd ) ( to the camera ) how be that ? be that funny ?! 170 int . network office " day 78 " again , everyone there , include Cynthia . a honcho be read a report . honcho # 1 of more concern than the sag in Ed 's rating be what viewer be feel about he now . the positive be down and the negative be up . there 's a feel that Ed be not cool anymore . we be start to see a big l.f . greg hm ? honcho # 1 l.f. loser factor . honcho # 2 that 's deadly . mcilvaine not necessarily . I mean instead of run from the l.f. , run with it . create more moment like the table thing . we can package a video " Ed 's goofiest moment . " let he be America 's goofball . cynthia be not this get kind of pathetic . I mean we drank the juice , now we be just lick peel . let it go ! scharlach Cynthia , I think you be labor under a misconception . you seem to believe that because you happen to predict this , we should be impressed . we be not . anybody in any business can predict failure . 1 need people who prevent failure . I want to see this thing turn back in the right direction . remember this be you baby . 171 int . bar - night " day 94 " tad and Barry -- as we meet they , originally -- be watch tv . they be really enjoy it -- laugh , pound the table . tad I do not know , I still love this guy . barry yeah only I wish they have the sister on more . tad ooh , the sister ! she be hot . barry you know it . reveal that they be watch joma . on the tv -- joma be eat dinner in he apartment with two attractive women , who , apparently , both live there . joma be upset ( but he 's funny when he 's upset ) . what 's upsetting he be that across the alley , in a window of another building , he can plainly see a overweight man , with he shirt off , exercise . the overweight man be apparently watch a exercise video and be bounce up and down in place cause everything to jiggle unpleasantly . joma' friend ignore he . joma I can not ! it 's like a mudslide . ( scream out the window ) put on a shirt ! angle on tad and barry , hysterical angle on tv joma ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) I support the fact that you exercise but , for the love of God , put on a shirt . joma' friend ( to joma ) shut the curtain . joma no ! let he shut the curtain . tad and barry laugh and wiping they eye . 172 int . ed' bedroom off the air . Ed on the phone . intercut with cynthia ed this joma be so phoney ! I mean , that thing be not really happen . I think they have writer make that stuff up for he . hey , could not we do that ? hire some writer and have they write up some crazy situation I could get into ? she 's listen , amaze . cynthia Ed , everything go off . " cheer " go off . " mash " go off -- ed ( get angry ) yeah , but when they go off people be not make fun of they . they be not bozo ! I be pumpkin ass again ! cynthia ( get annoyed ) Ed -- ed you know , everything you ask I to do I do . I call you for advice about shari you say - ( mock imitation ) " leave she be , see other people for a while . " you just want I to get involved with Jill because it make for a better show . cynthia Ed -- ed no . you screw up my life just so you could get higher rating . you never give a shit about I . cynthia yeah ? well I be not start now . she hang up and have a acid reflux . 173 int . pool hall - night Ed and John be play . JOHN look , you put anybody on tv sixteen hour a day , at some point they be go to wind up roll off a table on to a cat . I mean with no privacy , there 's no ... dignity . Ed think . pause . ed you know about that fireman who rescue that little girl ? JOHN when ? today ? ed no ! like , ten year ago . in Texas . baby ... ( try to remember ) jessica ! JOHN oh right , right ! she fall down , like a ... ed yeah , a thing . he become a big hero . he be on tv and there be a parade and a movie about he JOHN right , right ... ed and then , uh ... you know it blow over and he go back to be a fireman again . JOHN ( cheerfully ) right . ed so he kill himself . JOHN ( a little shake ) oh. silence . the cell phone ring . Ed pick up the phone . ed hello . intercut with jeanette in a hospital she 's cry . jeanette Eddie ... ed Mom ? jeanette I be at the hospital . ed what 's the matter ?! jeanette he 's dead ! Eddie , he 's dead ! it be he heart . ed oh God . what hospital ? jeanette St. Joseph 's . ed I be come right over . I will be right there . he hang up . 174 int . tad' house tad be watch tv and talk a the phone . tad I tell you ! I tell you he be gonna die ! 175 int . hospital - a hour later Ed rush in . he go up to the desk . carlos be with he . ed hi. I be look for my mother . her name be -- a doctor spot he . dr . geller Mr. pekurny . ed yes ? dr . geller I be Dr. geller . you mother be just lie down for a few minute . we give she something to calm she down . ed thank you . can I see she ? dr . geller just wait here . she 's come right back out . ed mm ... ( wearily ) oh , man ... DR. geller ( sympathetically ) ed what about he -- do he suffer any or be it quick ? I would hate to think he ... dr . geller very quick . between you and I , it 's not a bad way to go . make love to you wife ... it 's very sweet . ed really ? they be .. dr . geller ( nod ) accord to you mother . when the paramedics get to the hotel , she tell they that -- ed Hotel ? what be they do in a hotel ? dr . geller I ... do not know . I ... voice ( o.c. ) Eddie . thank God you be here . Eddie look across the room and see Al in he wheelchair , just enter from outside . he wheel towards Ed . al how 's you mother ? ed ( shocked ) Al ! al we neighbor give I a ride . ed Al !! al where be she ? be she all right ? Ed turn to the doctor . ed I think -- I think he be dead . dr . geller who ? ed Al ! dr . geller no. ( read he chart ) the decease be ... Henry pekurny . 176 int . tad' house tad ( stunne ) good twist ! 177 int . hospital al you think it be I ? ed yes ! al it 's you father . hank . you mother go to see he and he have a heart attack . ed go -- again , Ed turn to the doctor . nurse Dr. geller , Dr. stack want to see you . dr . geller ( to Ed ) Excuse I . nurse ( to Ed ) could I get you autograph for my niece ? ed ( distract ) um ... yeah ... jeanette enter . jeanette Al ! how do you -- al the burkhart drive I . be you all right ? jeanette ( nervously ) I be fine . I ... al good . I gotta pee . he wheel off . jeanette and Ed be leave alone . ed ( loud whisper ) what happen ? jeanette it be horrible . he call I up . ed who ? jeanette hank ! he say he want to talk to I to apologize for everything he begge -- he cry . so I go to this horrible hotel he be stay in ... I feel so sorry for he -- ed so you have sex with he ? jeanette gasp . jeanette what ? ed the doctor say you be have sex . jeanette ( horrify ) to you ? in front of he ? ( indicate carlos ) with the ... ed yes . he assume hank be you husband . he do not know . jeanette oh my god ! on tv ! ed why ? how ... jeanette one thing lead to another . he be my husband once . ed but Al be you husband now ! jeanette do you think it 's be easy for I ? it 's be year . Al can not have sex . ed apparently , neither can hank . what the hell do you do to he ? Al come roll back , singing . al " Lovely rita , the meter maid ... 178 int . tv studio jeanette ( whisper ) do not tell Al . he do not know . ed ( point to the camera ) well , he 's the only one in America who do not ! oprah or ricki or geraldo or someone . oprah woman who remarry but have sex with they first husband . on today 's Oprah . 179 int . tv studio we same panel of pundit . panelist # 3 Ed 's family be the tip of the iceberg . you watch the daytime tabloid show it 's the same thing . I be tell you , America be fast become a trailer park . panelist # 2 let 's not overstate the case . there be million of hard - work , sensible , moral , educate people in this country . not every family be like Ed 's . reveal ed watch this discussion on tv . 180 int . tv studio dave or jay a chart be set up with little picture . dave / jay so let 's recap . the mother 's too good at it , both brother stink at it . ( there 's a draw of a figure fall of a table ) the stepfather can not do it at all and the father do it but it kill he . ( there 's a draw of a tombstone ) how do this family ever reproduce in the first place ? 181 ext . cemetery gate - day Ed be drive jeanette and Al to the funeral . a crowd be hold back by police . someone yell " adulterer " . someone else try to offer Ed a lunchbox . someone else be carry a sign " what a Way to go " . 182 ext . cemetery - day hank 's coffin be be carry to he gravesite . Ed , Ray and marcia be pall bearer . one of the other pall bearer be Ed 's bodyguard . the other two be two guy who work for the mortuary . carlos be shoot . ed ( to Ray ) you be not go to talk to I ? you be not even gonna say hello ? ray I have nothing to say to you . Ed give up . he turn to marcia . ed how be you do ? be cliff here ? she do not answer . Ed react . ray cliff leave she , thanks to you . ed I ?! ray that 's right . you put cliff on television . so then he decide he be too good for she and he leave . ed I put he -- who -- ( to marcia ) look , marsh , he 's not that good a singer , he will be back . marcia ( too loudly ) that 's not funny !! Ed cringe . 183 ext . gravesite - a little later the service end . the small group begin to walk away . Ray and marcia go off together , ignore ed. jeanette be attempt to wheel Al away from the grave , but she 's hit rut . Ed approach . ed I '11 take it . jeantte ( to Al , uncomfortably ) sweetheart , I be gonna go ahead and sign all the papers . al right . she touch he but he pull away . Ed wheel Al . ed be thing gonna be okay with you and Mom ? be there anything I can -- al I be move out . ed what ?! al I be go to be live with my brother . he 's not in such good shape as I be , but ... I be look forward to the pillow fight . ed ( really upset ) oh , Al ... this be just ... al hank be always good with the lady . always good -look . Hell , he 's be dead for two day , he still look better than I . he stop wheeling and crouch down next to Al . ed I want to tell you something ... I love you . you be my father . pause . al I love you , too . Al kiss he . al ( cont 'd ) I '11 build a pirate ship with you . Ed wheel he away . 184 int . cynthia' office she 's watch . she 's genuinely move . she wipe she eye . 185 int . bar - night this place be sleazy . Ed enter , wear out . he cross to the bar where we find , jeanette nursing a drink . she 's not drunk , but she be wallowing . ed hi , ma. jeanette ( startle ) Ed ! how do you know I be here ? ed you be famous . somebody call I . what be you do in a place like this ? jeanette why should not I be in a place like this ? I be a whore ! ed ( cringe ) ma ... jeanette I be a tramp ( pull on the sleeve of the man next to she ) meet you new father . the whole nation be laugh at we ! ed and how be this help ? come on say , good - night to all you new friend and let 's go home . jeanette ( exite ) I be a whore ! ( yell at a employee ) you bathroom be filthy ! they be out . 186 ext . bar - continuous Ed be help jeanette . Ray arrive . he 's angry . ray I '11 take she . you humiliate we mother on national television . you have single - handedly destroy this family . ed I -- oh , but that book you write be a real love- letter . that ... toilet paper with cover . bystander # 1 that book suck . I want my money back . ed oh great . where 's moe ? he look around . moe be go . ray come on , ma. ed ( to Ray ) let 's remember how I get into this . " please , Eddie , do this for I . I can not get a break . " ( pretend to cry ) ray you know what you problem be ? ed yeah . my problem be I have get a brother who write a sentence like " we grow up in a small , little bedroom . " as oppose to a big , little bedroom ? ray I get pay by the word ! no ! you problem be you do not ever want anything to be you fault . ed I ?! that 's you ! ray I commit . I take a chance . you want to be the guy on tv , but you do not want to say you want to . so you have I talk you into it so you get what you want , but if it go bad it 's not you fault . bystander # 2 right . like you say you love shari , but , you would not mind noodle that model . ed moe ! bystander # 3 the truth hurt . ed yeah ? so do a kick in the nut . ray for once in you life , be honest with yourself . I know you , Ed . I know you look at I and marcia and Mom and you think you be different . you be like " how do I end up in this family ? " you be not different . you be worse . because you have no gut . you drift around , you do not commit , you make fun of I -- okay . just do not kid yourself . ( to jeanette ) let 's go . jeanette you be both good boy . Ray and jeanette leave . 187 int . network conference room - day Ed be there along with Cynthia and the Network execs . there be more exec than before . Cynthia 's people be not there . this entire meeting be on ed tv . Cynthia be quiet - observe . Ed look whipped . ed Three more month ? mr. scharlach absolutely ! Ed tv be more popular than ever . congratulation . mcilvaine only , Ed , we want you , in the next few week to spend a lot more time with you family . ed you do ? seaver definitely . Cynthia , explain it to he . Cynthia just stare at she , coldly . seaver ( cont 'd ) I '11 do it . ( to Ed ) people want to see what happen to they now . do you mother and step - father get back together ? how do you sister handle be alone ? you feud with you brother . scharlach in fact , we have a new concept . since you family sign release , we can follow they on camera even when you be not with they . we can cut around from family member to family member . whoever 's the most exciting at that moment . mcilvaine and , of course , it 's another big bonus payment for you . pause . ed a couple of year ago my uncle Roy get bit on the ass by a dog . silence . what the hell be he talk about ? ed ( cont 'd ) so he give I he ticket to the U.S. open -- the tennis match . they still have no idea what he 's talk about . ed ( cont 'd ) so I and Ray , we tell we friend " watch when Andre agassi be gonna serve for the first time . when he 's bounce the ball and it 's real quiet , we '11 yell " whoop " . and you ' 11 all hear we . " pause . scharlach I see. ( he do not ) ed you know what that be ? it 's sad . I mean it be just so we could be hear . so we could stand out from the crowd for a second . so we do it . but we have nothing to say . just " whoop " . that 's it . and the stupid part I mean the really stupid part be we think it like ... elevate we above the crowd . where the fact be it make we stupider than the crowd . scharlach I see . ed stop say " I see . " you do not see . Cynthia , I owe you a apology . cynthia I do not think so . ed yeah . because , you do not talk I into anything . everything you want I to do , I want to do . 188 int . sharix place shari watch Ed tv . 189 int . conference room ed ( to the camera ) Ray , you be right . it 's like in school . I be always say " the room be too hot , the teacher do not like I " -- but it be I ! everything that 's wrong with my life I do . okay ? so now this be it . my family have problem . which be we fault . and tv be not the place to solve they . so I quit . I be take what very little dignity I have get leave and I quit . can someone validate my parking ? pause . SHOCK . mr. scharlach well , Ed , that 's ... not really possible . ed all right , I '11 pay for the parking . Big network ! scharlach speak carefully - gently . he 's aware of the camera . he do not want to come off as a villain . scharlach no , I mean you can not quit . Ed think . ed I can not ? mr. scharlach ( very gently ) well , no . you agree to stay on the air as long as we ask you to . the station enter into this on that understanding . if you have refuse we would have begin this with somebody else . you can not just change the rule in the middle of the game , son . it 's not fair to we . more importantly , it 's not fair to the viewer . they be interested in you . they have devote hour and day and week of they life to you . ed look , if you do not let I out of this ... I '11 just ... I '11 just sit in my apartment all day . I will not go anywhere , I will not do anything . what kind of show will that be ? mr. scharlach not too good . that 's why it state in you contract that if you do not continue to live a normal life , you be in violation and be liable for the station 's financial loss . Ed , I urge you to reconsider . I urge you on behalf of all that people out there whose life have become so entwine with yours . play fair with they , Ed . ed all right . let they decide . he turn right to the camera . ed ( cont 'd ) I would like you all to do I a favor . turn I off . just grab the remote and change the channel . I mean , basically , all you be watch now be a guy deteriorate . the only thing miss be the smell . you be better than that turn I off . thank you . 190 int . cynthia' office greg burst in , carry a sheet of paper . greg rating be up across the board . look at this ! ( drone on ) Men 18 to 35 , woman 18 to 35 ... Cynthia stare , amaze . 191 ext . STREET Ed walking zombie - like - crowd swarm . 192 int . lawyer' office - day Ed be with steve , a lawyer . Steve have a huge contract on he desk . steve this contract you sign ? ... it 's a masterpiece . do not go to war with this guy . you fart in the wrong direction they can take everything you own and leave you naked by the side of the road . you ever go to get back with that Jill ? ooh -- she be nice . shari , I do not like that much ( " imitate " a gabby girl ) " yet - tet - tet - tet - tet - tet - tet . " ed shut up . 193 int . diner - night Ed be sit alone , eat lunch . he 's surround by camera and shield by bodyguard . outside the diner a crowd of rubbernecker be out on the sidewalk , look in at he , some of they act up , some just stare in . Ed be tired . he glance out the window and make a monkey face . suddenly , he freeze . he see shari 's face in the crowd . she put she fist in she mouth . 194 ext . STREET - night Ed and shari be walk -- on camera . shari 1 bail . I bail on you . ed kinda ' . shari it 's what I do . I yell " geronimo " and jump out of a relationship . he laugh . pause . shari ( cont 'd ) you be not able to make I feel safe or secure -- no easy job for any man , I admit -- and my problem be , if I think I be lose , I pull myself out of the game . I bail . see ? I tell you , I be the love coroner . ed what do you do to you hair ? shari my truck overheate , so I open the hood and my hair get catch in the fan belt . so I have to get a haircut . ed it 's nice . he touch she hair . they leap on each other . they be kissing . 195 int . network conference room - day Big meeting . many honchos , include scharlach and Cynthia . all but Cynthia be focus . Cynthia look bored . honcho #l I think this could be great . what if Ed and shari decide to get marry ? a wedding ? the cute , little half - asian nephew in a tuxedo , carry the ring on one of that big fluffy pillow - we '11 kill . a sixty share . a secretary ( mildre ) enter . she 's a little flustered . mildre um ... Mr. scharlach , um -- you be not watch tv ? scharlach no , mild , we be work . mildre um ... Ed -- and shari be -- seaver engage ? mildre no. here . they be in the building . they be on they way up . scharlach indicate that he want someone to turn on the tv . someone do and they see Ed and shari come down the hall . they enter the conference room . the camera , of course , be with they . Ed be carry a carton . ed hi , kid . busy ? much confusion ed ( cont 'd ) I just come up to pass out this Ed tv hat . he take a lot of hat out of the carton and begin place on the head of the honchos . ed ( cont 'd ) a guy make this up for I . he spell Ed with two D 's . okay , listen . the real reason I come up here -- and then I '11 get out of you way -- be I have be think about what you say . about let 's start have more fun with this show , you know ? let 's give it a big kick in the ass . honcho # 1 well , we be think -- ed ( cheerfully ) shut up . he take back that honcho 's hat . ed ( cont 'd ) let 's have a contest . now this would mostly be open to professional investigator and detective . but anyone can join in . shari ( rehearse ) what do we have to do ? ed my lovely assistant , shari . I be glad you ask . the contest be who can dig up -- legally , of course -- I be not suggest that anyone break any law -- the most embarrassing and humiliate fact about any of the executive here at the North american Broadcasting system which own Real tv . the honchos stare blankly . ed ( cont 'd ) but fact ! they have to be verify . anything from they past , they present , business , personal -- arrest , affair ... and whoever come up with the sleaziest , most degrade material -- I '11 give you ten thousand dollar . and you get to be on Ed tv. ( to the honchos , excitedly ) hah ? shari so act now . here 's Ed 's home phone number . she hold up a card . 196 int . conference room it 's pack with lawyer and execs . everyone be agitate , except Cynthia , who seem relaxed - Ed and shari be go . scharlach legal ?! how can this be legal ? it 's defamation ! it 's slander ! it 's ... lawyer not , technically . he be not show a reckless disregard for the truth . scharlach you be fire ! the meeting continue angrily . 197 int . conference room - later the honchos be watch Ed tv . they look strained , anxious . in Ed 's home a bank of phone have be set up like for a telethon . man the phone be Ed , shari , Ray , marcia , Al and jeanette . the phone keep ringing . ray ( into phone ) uh-huh ... uh- huh ... really ?! she be how old ? in the conference room one of the execs look dizzy . the camera pan to Al on the phone . al ( shocked ) he pay a prostitute to do what to he ? I do not even want that on my shoe . in the conference room fear and SHOCK , except for Cynthia , who be laughing and can not stop . scharlach stop laugh or you be fire . she stop . then she get up . scharlach ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? cynthia I have get this great idea . we put together a video . " the Network executive goofiest moment . " and listen , i have really love work here . on the word " love " she shot scharlach the finger . she exit , laughing . 198 int . ed' apartment - night Ed be off the phone , ed okay . we have a winner . now please do not feel badly if yours be not select . in we eye , you be all winner . ray and each contestant get one of this . ( hold up a tee-shirt with write on it ) a " I try to screw a network executive " tee-shirt . ed a hundred per cent cotton . okay , here we go , Andy . Ed grab a seal envelope . Andy play a drum roll -- not terribly well . ed ( cont 'd ) Andy 's available for execution . and the winner be ... as he open the envelope . 199 int . conference room the executive stare , horrified . 200 int . ed' apartment he take out the card and register mock -surprise . ed hey , the winner be from right here in New York city . Carl bower a former orderly at the Martin Center -- a clinic that specialize in , what they call , male enhancement procedure . 201 int . conference room scharlach 's eye widen in horror . 202 int . ed' apartment ed ( to the camera ) how many of you know what a penile implant be ? as it be explain to I , what happen be -- 203 int . conference room as Ed explain , scharlach reach for the phone , fumble it for a moment . 204 int . ed' apartment ed and the man of the hour -- the executive with the win secret the man who , thanks to the miracle of space - age science and a pump he keep in he pocket , can now -- a shot of a television set tune to ed. suddenly Ed be replace by a Real tv logo . announcer ( v.o. ) and that conclude Real tv 's coverage of Ed tv . stay tune for new programming information . musak 205 int . conference room 206 int . tv studio a entertainment reporter . 207 int . tv studio the panel . 208 ext . church entertainment reporter a spokesperson for Real tv announce that Ed receive a check cover he four month on the air , he balloon payment and a additional bonus to show the Network 's appreciation for all he -- quote -- hard work and loyalty -- unquote . when ask -- CUT to : the panel . panelist # 1 in five year no one will even remember this person . panelist # 4 five year ! six month . he 's the " macarena . " he 's -- CUT to : a news reporter be report on a wedding . reporter marcia pekurny , the woman know to most Americans as " Ed 's sister " be marry here today to carlos coto , who some of you may remember as the primary camera operator on " Ed tv " -- CUT to : 209 int . tv studio a news show . news anchor the current rage of " reality Television " get a real dose of reality today . lifestyle television joma be shot this evening , outside he apartment . because joma be on television twenty - four hour a day , lifestyle 's camera be there to record the shoot . we see joma walk into he building . somebody step forward with a gun . the assailant be jostle as he shoot and the bullet hit joma in the ass . he fall to the sidewalk . joka ohhhh !!! ... my ass ! he shot I in the ass ! the camera pan to the assailant , who we might recognize as someone who we have see follow Ed from time to time . assailant now I be famous . reveal Ed and shari watch this on television . ed I know he . I give he a autograph . shari turn it off . the end