eddie the eagle by Sean macaulay base on a true story . August 30 , 2014 int . bathroom - night at the bottom of a 1970 avocado bath , a bathplug chain drift from side to side in the soapy water . eddie ( vo ) every great athlete be bear with a natural talent . Arnold palmer , Jimmy connor , Muhammad Ali , the illustrious brazilian pele ... a boy 's hand appear hold a waterproof plastic watch . the second tick by as bubbles begin to stream upwards . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) every sport legend you can mention — naturally gift from birth . ten-year-old Eddie Edwards burst to the surface , purple face and gasp for air . eddie ( vo ) ( cont ’d ) and I be no exception . int . hallway - day Little Eddie , hair still wet , carry he gola kitbag to the front door . he be a stocky kid with a determine jaw . eddie ( vo ) a week after my tenth birthday I equalle the cheltenham junior swim League record for hold my breath underwater . he stand on tiptoe , strain for the lock . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) that mean I be ready to compete at the high level . a woman in a nightgown appear — Eddie 's mother janette . she 's a large , jolly woman in a muumuu and brown tinted glass , equal part warmth and anxiety . janette and where d' you think you be go , young man ? eddie Rome . I be go to hold my breath in the Olympic and win a gold medal . she regards he thoughtfully , then go and rummages in the hall closet . among the coat and umbrella be a pair of National Health knee caliper . Eddie look at they darkly until she emerge hold out a empty jaffa cake biscuit tin . janette well , you have better take this for you medal then , have not you . Eddie tuck the tin under he arm , relieved . '' good think . janette ( cont 'd ) and make sure you pack you hankie . ext . STREET - night Eddie walk along the damp pavement . it 's a neglect work - — class neighborhood , all stray dog and misspel graffiti . eddie ( vo ) I soon find out there be not a Olympic event for hold you breath . he study the time - table at a bus stop . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) and there be not a bus to Rome from the end of we street . ( rain drizzle down ) and mum be absolutely right . he wipe a sleeve over he runny nose . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) I should have pack my hankie . int . kitchen - night Eddie toy with a consol cup of cocoa , poring over he treasure 1972 Olympic photo album — moment of glory . eddie ( vo ) but I do not care . I know I be go to be a part of it someday . he study the kodachrome image enrapt — jesse owen , olgar korbut , Mark spitz — triumphant medal winner cheer and chaire aloft . janette alright , pet . time for bed . she remove he cup , revealing Eddie 's handiwork : five chocolate ring on the plastic tablecloth — the Olympic logo . eddie ( vo ) the first step be find the right sport . ext . playground - day Eddie swing a batter old cricket bat at a income ball and miss completely . eddie ( vo ) something that play to my strength . he swing again with the same result . and again . and again , long into the night . ext . STREET - night eddie ( vo ) I know there would be technical difficulty , and a fair bit of soul-search . Eddie trudge home , drag he kitbag behind he . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) every great sportsman have to confront he demon eventually . Eddie walk smack bang into a lamp post . int . optician be - day eddie ( vo ) but it help if you can see they first . 4. Eddie squint through a ancient eye test machine at a chart of letter — all wildly blurred . thick lense be drop in front of he eye , snap the letter in focus . int . kitchen - day eddie ( vo ) mum be a big fan of my new incarnation . Eddie show off he new spectacle — National Health jam - jar lense with thick black frame . janette very smart . eddie ( vo ) dad too , I think . Eddie 's dad , terry , be a no - nonsense ruddy - face builder . he give the glass a wiggle . terry " my name be Michael caine . " eddie ( vo ) the playground be less convinced . ext . cricket nets - day kid oi four-eye ! / goggle -ey git ! a dozen kid make '' goggle '' face through the threadbare cricket netting . Eddie give they a v-sign . resume he stance at the wicket . eddie ( vo ) it make a big difference be able to see properly . he swing at the income ball and just like before , miss completely — take this one right in the face . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) you get a much clearer perspective on the best way to fulfill you sport potential . int . bedroom - day Eddie drop he break glass into the biscuit tin . ext . school rugby field - day eddie ( vo ) like make sure you pick the right size ball for you physical type . Eddie in ill-fitting shirt and short , chase a bobbling rugby ball , try to scoop it up without success until the oppose team flatten he . int . eddie 's bedroom - night another pair of break glass drop into the tin . eddie ( vo ) and choose the best terrain for you endurance capability . int . swimming - pool - day a start pistol send Eddie and he classmate into the freezing water . they all emerge and swim off except for you know who . eddie ( vo ) let 's just say it be a process of trial and error . int . bedroom - day we move down Eddie 's effortfully handwritten list of sport : cricket , football , swim , hurdle , box ... all cross out except for the last one — cycle . ext . STREET - day Eddie pedal furiously on he trusty Raleigh chopper — pick up speed towards a home - make jump ramp . the local kid watch as he fly into the air — so high that he clear the long line of milk crate . he land safely with a triumphant whoop only to discover that he have not leave enough room to stop . eddie shhhhhhhhhhhiiii - he slam into a neighbor 's wall and flip over the hedge with a crash of glass and a sicken thud . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) it be not what you have call a textbook landing , but I could not have be happier . the local kid wince as they find Eddie writhe amid the remain of a smashed green house . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) I be on my way . part of the big show , admire and appreciate for who I be . Eddie be help to he foot , badly cut and cover with break plant . local kid Fucking maniac ! int . bedroom - dusk eddie ( vo ) and then come the bombshell . Eddie lie on he bed read moment of glory , like he do every night . a boy alone under he evel knievel poster . terry ( os ) Eddie ! get down here now ! int . kitchen - dusk janette and Terry sit at the Formica table , bewilder and exasperate at this crazy son of theirs cover in scratch and cut . terry enough 's enough . you be spend you holiday with I down at the site . it 's time you learn the plaster trade . Eddie digest this like a death sentence , knee bounce up and down . eddie what about my Olympic preparation ? Terry say nothing . just pick off some debris from Eddie 's sweater . Eddie look to mum . but she have to agree with dad . janette you never know , pet , you might like it . ext . hill top - night Eddie sit with he bike , gaze out over the light of cheltenham below . eddie ( vo ) so that be the sport career of Eddie Edwards . down below he be a dirty noisy building site — he future . eddie ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) eleven different sport and nothing to show for it except twelve pair of break glass . ( I sit on my sixth pair in the library . ) he scratch he knee absently as he defeat face slip into darkness . the crush despair that only a 10 - year - boy can feel . we hold . Long enough to feel this could be the end of we story ... and it probably would be except for the blaze of white light that suddenly illuminate the sky . Eddie sit up annoyed , but then increasingly intrigue . ext . STREET - night he pedal back down the hill as fast as he wobbly wheel will allow . reaches a wire fence with a big sign : " england's first dry ski slope — open this summer ! " he dump he bike to get a closer look : " in conjunction with the british Olympic ski Association . " his gaze drop to the corner of the sign . there it be . the magic symbol of the Olympic — five interlock ring . ext . dry ski slope - night Eddie clamber over the wire fence and scramble up the dirt slope , all pain forget as he step into the glaring light . eddie bloody ada . he be stand at the top of a huge floodlit ski slope . he step out onto the plastic surface and feel the springy bristle under he foot . he 's awe -struck , like he 's step out for the first time onto the moon . his batter urchin feature tremble with emotion as he 's swallow up by the heavenly glare of the floodlight ... ext . calgary olympics , downhill final - day the rouse theme tune from BBC 's ski Sunday . out of the whiteness come a adult skier zig -zagging down a slalom course towards a finish line , snow spraying in he wake . a title card read : " 12 year later . " a crowd leap to its foot , deafeningly loud . ron pickering ( vo ) .+. this be amazing ! this be sensational ! Edwards be carve up the Calgary hillside like a Sunday roast . ron pickering , the BBC 's tubby , excitable voice of ski , grab he microphone as the skier cross the finish line . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) oh my word ! he 's only go and do it . the crowd swarm forward as adult eddie take off he goggle . he 's in he 20 with a tan and cool bouffant hair . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) get out the champagne because great Britain have just take its first ever gold in the man 's downhill . and this be the man responsible , '' fast '' Eddie Edwards . the crowd lift up Eddie with a cheer . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) the plasterer 's son from cheltenham — now turn alpine champion and world - class — woman 's voice oh for gawd 's sake . get a wiggle on . ron picker look up confuse . so do the crowd . Eddie drop backwards to the ground . woman' voice ( cont ’d ) come on . pick a lane . int . van - moving - day a horn honk and Eddie snap to . he be in the front seat be drive along by he mother . a Charles and Di air - freshener swing from the rearview mirror . in reality , Eddie be a stocky bloke in he twenty with a large jaw , no tan and gingery close cropped hair . his jam- jar spectacle be hold together by a Band - Aid . janette here we go , pet . his mother turn off past a sign : " british Men 's downhill ski trial . " ext . bosa downhill ski trial - day the crowd be modest but well - heele . Barbour jacket , cravat , hermés headscarve . they applaud politely as a skier cross the finish line . over in the sponsor 's enclosure , a throng of suite businessman pay slightly more attention to the canapé and free champagne . a title card read : " England , September 1986 . " ext . bosa parking field - day the Edwards family van nose its way between Range rover and jaguar to find a parking spot . 10 . int . van - day janette and Eddie share a final glance . this be he big moment , even though they be both try to act like it be not . janette knock ‘em dead . he grab he skis and race off to the check - in , oblivious as he clip a wing mirror . she watch he go , and we see the true depth of she anxiety at have a daredevil like Eddie for a child . she take out she wool and needle . start to knit . alone in the dirty cement cover van . int . changing - room - day the room be full of Olympic class skier , which mean a hubbub of blokey posh accent . they be in no hurry to acknowledge Eddie as he breeze in . he cover up he discomfort by hum to himself until finally , he find a spare coat hook at the end . target ( vo ) great Britain have languish for too long on past glorey - in business and in sport . ext . corporate enclosure - day the sponsor have gather round a podium to hear dustin target 's address . he be the conscientious new broom head of bosa with immaculate green blazer and name tag to prove it . target but just as you have enter a new era of business , so we have embark on a new era of sport — and it 's one that require a new kind of athlete . ext . starting platform - day Eddie shuffles forward , flap he arm and make strange warm - up noise . eddie Edwards , E. cheltenham Winter Sports centre. 11 . the starting official direct Eddie to the start gate ; a glance at Eddie 's shoddy equipment . ext . corporate enclosure - day target survey the crowd to make sure he theme be resonate . target and just as the world of business look to sport champion for inspiration , so we in turn can now look to you — we distinguished sponsor — for way to make we athlete more competitive . ext . starting platform - day target ( vo ) you be not just successful competitor . you be brand leader — the best in you field . and you deserve the best in return . Eddie wipe the steam off he goggle and snap they into place . they be pink . ext . corporate enclosure - resume target lean forward , savore he crowd - pleasing big finish . target lady and gentleman , today you be go to see just that . the klaxon rudely cut the applause short . ext . bosa downhill slope - day Eddie smashes down the plastic slope . he barely follow the " line , " which show he best quality be suicidal bravery . not much style , plenty of gut . one by one , the sponsor turn to watch . Eddie take the corner too fast and too tight , slamm over slalom flag . he look like he will wipe out at any moment , but amazingly he hang on . 12 . target 's face tighten at this careen blot on he landscape , flail into the last two turn . suddenly the flaw in Eddie 's all - out approach become apparent . he simply fail to make one of the turn . he fly off the course , right through the sponsor 's enclosure , and smashes into one of the hoarding . silence . the drip of topple ice bucket . the dismay stare of sponsor at the smashed billboard . " I bet he drink carling Black label . " target turn to he aide . beckon he over . now . ext . bosa downhill slope - day the course official escort Eddie off the slope . eddie see that ? I be pinging down the hill like a ferret . the official can only watch as Eddie re-assemble he glass , wire with excitement eddie ( cont 'd ) forty - five second at the halfway line . if I would go any faster I would have take off . male voice er , you do . Eddie look up . it 's target 's aide and he 's hold out Eddie 's gear and kitbag . eddie hold a minute . I have still get a second run to do . aide not anymore . Eddie do not understand . until he follow 's the aide 's glance . locate the real reason for he expulsion - the distant hover figure of target . ext . bosa parking field - day the aide escort Eddie and he skis back to he van . 13. eddie this be outrageous . aide it 's very simple . we have only get 18 month to prep the squad for Calgary . you be just too raw . eddie but I have get run time as good as that bunch . aide it 's not just about speed . it 's about finesse . Polish . boy who can fit seamlessly into the squad . eddie Public school boy , you mean . the aide do not try to deny it . he hand Eddie he kit bag . leave he next to he van : '' Edwards & Son , quality finishes . get plaster with we ! '' ext . build site - day a pneumatic drill roar . Eddie be up to he elbow in muck , '' knock up '' a big tin of plaster on a busy renovation job . dad inspect the result plaster like a three star chef . terry too thick . eddie '' too thick '' ? I have be go like a kenwood mixer all morning . Terry fetch the water hose , unmove . terry quality plaster 's no different from anything else . you want to get on , you gotta put in the graft . eddie '' quality plaster . '' all I be do be mixing up mud . Terry hand Eddie the water hose . 14 . terry there 's no quality plaster without quality mud . Eddie kick dry cement off he boot . eddie yeah , well , I be still stick in it . terry how many time I get to tell you ? do you City and Guilds and get qualified . ext . build site - day Eddie at work in the wet and the cold - lug brick , haul cement , stir plaster . hating every minute even though he never buckle . he get he weekly pay envelope from the office girl and it 's a pittance . he look over to see he dad get yell at by the foreman . such be life on a building site . ext . build site - day the brickies sit around at lunchtime read the tabloid and smoking roll -up . they be a hard - bitten lot . a couple even swig beer . Eddie sit off to one side , munch on a banana and milk from a carton . his fingernails chip with dry cement . brickie that 's strange . they must have cropped you out . the brickie hold out he tabloid to Eddie . on the sport page be a photo of target and the british downhill squad head off to St. Moritz . Eddie grab the paper to see for himself . all the athlete in they Olympic blazer . the final nail in the coffin . the brickie start hum the BBC " ski Sunday " theme music and miming the slalom . eddie get stuff . 15 . brickie hey , I be not the one tell everyone I be go to be on the team . eddie it 's not a team . it 's a squad . you do not even know what you be talk about . the other workmen join in the hum , drown Eddie out even after he throw he banana skin at they . int . eddie 's bedroom - night Eddie lie on he bed amid he Olympic shrine . skiing poster , Olympic album , photo of young Eddie accept junior trophy , show off he latest plaster cast ; older Eddie teach little kid how to ski . his mother enter with some tea and jaffa cake on a tray . by he bedside be the newspaper story about the british downhill squad . janette come on , pet . it 's not the end of world . eddie no . it just feel like it . he roll over onto he side , but there 's no escape . even he duvet cover have a Winter Olympic pattern — ski , toboggane , ski-jump ... ext . build site - day Eddie work away in the sunshine . Radio 1 in the background . he 's graduate from mixing to proper plaster now . Terry give a approve nod then exit , past julie , the office girl who hand out the weekly paycheck . julie hello stranger . eddie alright Julie . how 's it go ? she come up to Eddie with he envelope . they regard each other for a moment , quite comfortable together . 16 . julie so you be finally go for you diploma ? eddie City and Guilds . level one . julie what about you downhill training ? he give a airy wave of he trowel . eddie hanging out with a bunch of chinless wonder . who need it ? not he , that 's for sure . eddie ( cont 'd ) if I want to be '' polished , '' I would be a bloody doorknob , would not I . she wait . let he finish . julie so you be free at the weekend then ? she hand Eddie he pay envelope . make he tug it to get it free . int . bedroom - night Eddie inspect he smartest ' date 's outfit in the mirror — a dark shellsuit . it 's fair to say he 's not entirely at home with dress up . even when he add the finish touch — he one pair of unbroken glass . int . julie 's live - room - night Eddie sit on a floral sofa next to Julie , watch tv . we all know how this thing should go ... until we notice the tv be show evel knievel at wembley Stadium . he 's get ready to jump 13 double - decker bus and Eddie can not keep he eye off it . eddie I do a jump like that when I be a kid . thirteen milk crate . 17 . she get up and dim the light . julie it 's okay my parent be not back till 11 . she sit back next to he . but Eddie remain glue to evel knievel barrel towards the ramp . julie ( cont 'd ) you can sit closer if you want . eddie I can see alright from here . julie I mean to I . oh . Eddie turn to face she . they kiss but Eddie 's gaze be draw back to the tv — knievel shoot into the air , suspend for a eternity ... the image reflect in Eddie 's glass until — click . Julie hit the remote . julie ( cont 'd ) come on . concentrate . ext . build site - day but it 's no use . Eddie have have a idea . and it 's a idea that will not go away as he trowel away on a low wall beside he dad . terry Guild requirement for pea-shingle be half a inch for the base . Eddie 's brain be mile away as he intently work the cement into some kind of strange shape . terry ( cont 'd ) be you listen ? eddie I be listen . pea-shingle . half a inch . terry then what the chuff be that ? 18 . the strange shape in Eddie 's plaster be reveal . a lovingly sculpt ski-jump . ext . bosa hq - day Eddie walk up the step past the bosa insignia . int . bosa hq library - day in the reverent hush of the archive department , a bosa official deal with Eddie 's inquiry . bosa official I hate to disappoint you but we do not have a Olympic ski-jump squad . he give a consol smile , but Eddie do not look remotely disappointed . eddie not even a small one ? the official shake he head . bosa official nope . Britain have not have a ski - jumper since 1936 . eddie oh that 's terrible . he can barely contain himself . ext . bosa hq - day he run down the step and launch himself off like a ski - jumper . down the street he go , joyfully leaping off every bench do he best ron picker impersonation . eddie oh this be amazing , this be sensational . int . kitchen - day Prince Andrew and fergie 's newly happy face be cover by a big dollop of mash potato . the fancy china be out for the Edwards 's 's Sunday roast . 19 . janette which conversion be you talk about ? the kitchen -dinette on the corner ? terry that 's the one . with the pebbledash . ( he stab a brussel sprout ) burst with possibility . Eddie sit at the other end of the table , knee bounce up and down like crazy . he repeatedly roll a pea off he fork onto a mashed potato ski slope . eddie mum. dad . I have get a announcement . he can barely contain he excitement . eddie ( cont 'd ) I be not go to be take my City and Guilds . I have make new plan . they turn and look . janette plan ? terry what plan ? Eddie adjust he glass . look up with total conviction . eddie I be go to train as a ski-jumper and go to the Olympic . int . bedroom - night Eddie rummages under the bed , pack up he ski gear . janette watch aghast . Terry pace around in disbelief . terry this be insane . you get you first exam in six week . Eddie just keep pack . eddie it 's not like I be take up ballet . it 's still ski . only higher . 20 . janette how much higher ? eddie twenty storey . her face drop with horror . eddie ( cont 'd ) give or take . he struggle to pull the zipper over he skis . no one offer to help . Terry pace around in disbelief . terry Britain do not even have a ski - jump squad . eddie it do now . he finally close the zipper with a triumphant grin . only to see he be underestimate he father 's anger . terry and how be you go to pay for all this ? because we be not go through all that again with the bank and the bailiff — eddie you will not have to . florian get I a job : junior ski instructor . Eddie pick up a ski resort brochure . show they a photo of young kid be teach how to snowplow . janette florian ? eddie from the Winter Centre . he 's back in Germany now . Eddie point to four ascend ski-jump in the background . eddie ( cont 'd ) in garmisch . he leave he parent blanching at the four ski-jump — small , medium , large and gigantic . janette he 's go to break he neck . 21 . terry I be go to break he neck . int . stair - day Eddie carry he gear downstairs , all ready to leave . Terry follow but do not help . eddie you can not tell I you never have a dream when you be a kid . terry of course I do . I be not make of stone , be I . this be news to Eddie . great news . eddie really ? you never tell I . he pause at the bottom of the stair . turn to Terry . eddie ( cont 'd ) «+ . so what do you want to be ? terry a plasterer . they look at each other , both know it 's hopeless . janette wait at the front door to see he off , as always . janette you be a stubborn bugger , you know that . ever since you be a tot . climb out of every crib we put you in . she give he a ferocious hug as if somehow this will stop he go . janette ( cont 'd ) the only baby in the world who like landing on he head ! Terry and janette exchange a look - helpless and hit for six . eighties pop music rise up as the brochure photo dissolves to the real ski-jump all light up with spotlight . 22 . ext . garmisch - night a title card read : '' garmisch , Germany . Site of the 1936 Winter Olympic . '' Eddie sit up excitedly . peer out of the van he 's hitched a ride in . the music be come from the walkman he wear on all he travel . ext . garmisch jump - night Eddie hurry into the floodlit landing arena , still carry he gear . the ascend row of ski-jump tower be line above he . the 15m . the 40m . the 70 m and above they on its own hill , the 90m jump . a huge iron monster . at the top , in silhouette , a jumper set off down the ramp . Eddie move closer as the jumper shoot into the air , soar through the sparkling snowflake , seemingly forever until he land and skid to a perfect stop . this be lar moberg , the moustachioe superstar of the swedish national squad . he rejoin a monastic huddle of athlete and coach in yellow and blue jumpsuit . it be all very high - tech with video monitor and walkie- talky . Eddie move closer still and see this be not just the national squad , it 's the Olympic squad . there it be , on all they gear like a lucky omen — the five - ring logo . int . garmisch dorm room - dawn a LED alarm clock glow — 5.30 be — in a tiny stuffy dormitory cramme with bunk -bed . Eddie creep out with he gear , accidentally smack a sleep roommate with he ski-tip . german roommate hosenscheisser ! eddie bless you . 23. ext . garmisch 15m jump - dawn Eddie bypass the baby jump and go straight to the 15 m jump , all alone except for a distant snow groomer chugge up the hill . he slot in he skis and set off . here it be , the moment of truth ... he shoot off the ramp and plop onto the slope , glide easily to a stop . eddie what a doddle . he can not believe he luck . it 's so easy . he turn to look at the next jump up — the 40m . ext . garmisch 40M jump - dawn at the top of the ramp , Eddie find this jump have two groove into which you slot you skis . he take a breath and push off . this jump be significantly faster . he shoot into the air , whooping with delight . for one magical second he be fly , high above the twinkle resort below . then reality return and he crash into the icy slope , slide to a halt face first . ext . garmisch slope - day a row of young skier shuffle into line for florian from the front office . florian class , I want you to meet you new instructor , Mr. Eddie . CLASS good morning , Mr. Eddie . Eddie give the kid a wave , act all cool . eddie Eddie . fast Eddie . whatever you like . florian Mr. Eddie 's go be teach you the three S 's of ski — smart , sensible , safe . 24 . Eddie , we now see , have a huge bandage on he nose . the CLASS practice they snowplow down the hill under Eddie 's supervision . eddie okay , folk , nice practice posture . now let 's try it for real . penguin to the leave , polar bear to the right . Eddie 's concentration drift enviously over to the swede on the 70m . Flying through the air . make it look so easy . nasal voice ( vo ) room for one more ? int . sauna - day Eddie emerge from a cloud of steam , sport sturdy swim trunk and he huge nose plaster . lar and the swedish team begrudgingly shuffle up as Eddie plonk down on the bench . eddie effermidaggen ! Eddie Edwards , great Britain . the swede just stare . Eddie press on , undeterred . eddie ( cont 'd ) I will get right down to business if I may . I have just start on the 40 m and I be make solid progress , but I would really appreciate a few tip . a vicious hiss of steam reveal the forbid swedish coach , ladling water on the rock . like all swede everywhere , give half a chance , he have no clothes on . swedish coach you have be jump long ? Eddie look everywhere but at the coach 's genital . eddie about a week . 25 . swedish coach and you think you be ready to discover some advice from I ? Eddie nod , sweat dotting he brow , this intensely nude man stand over he , hand on hip . swedish coach ( cont ’d ) you know who matti nykanen be ? eddie he 's only the best ski-jumper in the world . the Flying Finn . swedish coach the best and the most craziest . the coach rock back on he heel , arm akimbo . swedish coach ( cont ’d ) so maybe I give you something harder ? it 's not exactly the phrase Eddie would choose , but okay . swedish coach ( cont ’d ) what be the maximum wideness for a jump ski ? Eddie boldly hold out he thumb and forefinger . swedish coach ( cont ’d ) and that be what exactly ? Eddie can not help it . his gaze drop for a millisecond . eddie ++. about four inch . the coach snap he finger at lar . lar the maximum wideness be 11.5 cm . eddie that be about four inch , be not it . swedish coach not '' exactly , '' no . so you tell I what be the most length of the ski ? 26 . eddie " the most length of the ski ? " ( why do not anyone else find this funny ? ) eight foot two . it 's another bold guess and it provoke another finger - snap at another naked jumper . swedish jumper the ski have permission to be 77.5 cm taller than the height of the jumper , but with no more taller than 275 cm . Eddie hitches he trunk nervously . eddie well , like I say , I be just start out . swedish coach in Sweden , the time to be start out be when you be five . this time he give a double finger - snap and the whole team leap up . swedish coach ( cont ’d ) we have not the moment for beginner . good day . out he go , he naked team obediently shuffle after he . ext . garmisch jump - dawn two skis plop over a fence . follow by Eddie , all alone except for the distant snowgroom machine on the hillside . eddie bloody swede . what have they ever do apart from invent the meatball ? Eddie set off down the 40m jump and it 's the same result — another ice- gouging wipe - out . Eddie lie splay on the ice , groan in pain . he try to move , but it 's agony . the SOUND of the snowgroom machine get nearer until it crest the hill , headlight blaze , and come to a stop right next to Eddie 's splay form . 27 . the shadowy figure of the driver drop to the ground and inspect one of Eddie 's crater . all Eddie can see be a glow red tiparillo tip . american voice so you be the mystery elf who 's be hack up my slope every night . he walk over , dramatically backlit by he headlight , and peer down at Eddie . american voice ( cont ’d ) it 's just you ? no pick -axe ? this be bronson peary , the resort 's resident snow groomer . he 's commanding in a weathered sort of way with a certain hard - party ski bum panache — and yet he 's still only a maintenance man . peary you do realize the time to start jump be when you be five or six . eddie thanks . the swede already tell I that . Eddie get as far as he hand and knee , wince in pain . peary do they also mention you have get the wrong body shape ? Eddie have to check . yes , this be the cigarillo- puffing snowgroomer tell he this . peary ( cont 'd ) just state the obvious . eddie well , state this . he flick he a v-sign . peary climb back behind the wheel and give a raspy laugh . peary and one more thing . you get the wrong skis . peary ( cont 'd ) oh , and one more thing . there 's no such thing as british ski-jumper . they do not exist . 28 . Eddie finally snap . eddie what have you know about it anyway ? peary 's face darken - some strange wounded flicker of reflection . he turn and climb back behind the wheel . peary do not even think about go on the 70 . eddie you can not stop I . I be a employee . peary still need my permission for the 70 . he steer he rusty snow machine back up the hill , spluttering into the mist . Eddie watch it go , thoroughly bemuse . florian ( vo ) you would never guess he be part of the US Olympic squad . int . garmisch front office - day Eddie point out the window towards the slope . eddie who , that guy ? florian it 's true . bronson peary . he be in the ' 72 squad under Warren sharp . Eddie 's jaw drop . no way . eddie '' bronson peary ... ? '' how come I never hear of he ? florian well , they kick he out , obviously . just before the Games . eddie what for ? 29 . florian booz . womanize . be a impossible asshole ... take you pick . Eddie do not care . he 's already smitten . he look back outside at the snowgroomer struggle up the hill . eddie no kid . Warren sharp , ' 72 ... int . peary 's workshop - day peary 's weatherbeaten profile — face up as he work underneath the snowgroomer . peary no . eddie come on . all I want be a few tip . Eddie crouch down , try to make eye contact . eddie ( cont 'd ) florian tell I how you use to jump in America . peary yeah , well , florian also say he screw princess Stephanie of Monaco . eddie he show I a clipping with a photo . peary she 's just a lookalike . he meet she in verbier on a stag night . eddie of you . the 90 meter at Lake placid — 1969 , american youth Cup final . you clocked 118 meter ! peary slide out and climb into he cabin . eddie ( cont 'd ) four year with Warren sharp ! peary Three year . 30 . Eddie do not care . it 's still amazing . eddie you should not be fix rust bucket , you should be coach . '' rust bucket '' ? peary 's face darken . peary this be a pb 200 with a multiflex tiller . groom 81 square meter a hour . it also leak gunk . peary surreptitiously wipe he hand as he coax the engine into life . eddie I be just say if I have you pedigree and experience — peary well , you do not . he lurch out of the garage , Eddie give chase . eddie I will not get any better unless you help I ! peary then you will not get better . he adjust he rearview mirror , leave Eddie in he wake , full of churn up emotion he do not know how to deal with . he rumble on toward the slope , heart thumping , all trigger . not sure where it 's come from . then he pass the swedish jumper in they gleam Olympic outfit . and notice again , rather more wistfully , he oil - stain hand . int . garmisch bar - night the apres-ski crowd in full swing . beautiful people and hearty swede . Eddie struggle to get to the bar after another gruell day of wipe-outs . swedish jumper you be still look for pointer ? ( he jab a finger to the door ) it 's that way back to England . 31 . they laugh and close rank , force Eddie to go farther down the bar . he consult he home - make crib sheet . eddie " glas milch , bitte . '' the barmaid serve he a glass of milk . male voice you just drink it straight ? nothing in it ? it 's peary , perch in he regular corner nook , surround by ' essential 's : pack of tiparillos , bic lighter , own personal schnapp bottle , american flag ashtray . eddie on e si . m in training . do not b illy . I be in training peary for what ? the japanese air force ? peary take small sip , unhurry , but relentless . peary ( cont 'd ) good-look young guy like you . you should not be crash into mountain . you should be chase the lady . eddie yeah ... that 's never really be my specialty . Eddie gulp down half he milk and wipe he chin . peary I wonder why . more swede arrive , bump Eddie so he spill he eddie oi . he grope for a napkin , but none of they oblige . eddie ( cont 'd ) I think they be all suppose to be nice . like Abba . drink . peary smile in spite of himself . a beat . the two man wedge together . Eddie downs what 's leave of he drink , spilling over with admiration . 32 . eddie ( cont 'd ) you stick the first 90 m at copper peak - with no tailwind ! open trial , 1970 . I remember read all about it in my Winter Sports omnibus ... peary study he newfound fan more closely even as he wipe he milk moustache with he sleeve . and yes , he 's disarmingly genuine . ext . garmisch STREET - night the snowgroomer rumble down main street go all of 7mph . Eddie and peary in the cabin , both quite indifferent to the irate honking behind they . peary Viking turd . ( hand he open flask to Eddie ) here . hold this . peary give Eddie cryptic look . then hit the indicator and turn off towards a large building with a yellow and blue flag . int . garmisch gymnasium - night it be the swede 's training hq . peary enter use a key from he big janitor key . check the coast be clear , then beckon Eddie inside . he go up to the blackboard cover with diagram and trajectory . peary look at this crap . Fucking pencil pusher . he mess up some number with he sleeve . peary ( cont 'd ) this be what 's wrong with modern jump . they want to turn everyone into robot . he move off in despair , inspect the rest of the room . 33 . peary ( cont 'd ) that 's why they can never understand - jump 's a paradox ! you have get to free you mind first . he come to a stop by a strange leather harness dangle from the ceiling . eddie what 's the jump paradox ? peary turn and look at Eddie : be he serious ? eddie ( cont 'd ) the swede forget to fill I in . peary give a long -suffer sigh , enjoy this more than he care to admit . peary the foundation of any jump be the take -off . the paradox you have to master be simultaneously stretch up and lean into you descent . he raise he palm up high to demonstrate — tilting it forward , then push he arm out at a downward angle . peary ( cont 'd ) it feel unnatural at first because you actually take - off downward , not upwards . it only look like you go up because the hill fall away so quickly . but the lean forward be how you gain wind resistance . he repeat the motion , this time make a fist . peary ( cont 'd ) every time you stay hunch over , you just hit the ground faster . so ... he switch back to the 6 '' ski model , Eddie try to keep pace with he . peary ( cont 'd ) what you need be a quadruple action where the skis come up and the leg stretch back and the body tilt forward all while simultaneously drop . you see ? the little skier tilt and drop before Eddie 's eye . 34 . peary ( cont 'd ) up , back , forward , down — all at the same time . up , back , forward , down . get that ? eddie up , back , forward , down . ( he nod ) peary okay , you turn . Eddie reach for the little skier . peary ( cont 'd ) not the model . you . the strange harness swing into view , hook up with Eddie inside it . he jump from crouch to lift - off position and flop backwards . peary ( cont 'd ) too soon . then flop forward . peary ( cont 'd ) too late . then fall to the floor with a thump . peary ( cont 'd ) Dead on . ext . garmisch 40M slope - day Eddie try out he new peary method all on he own at dawn . eddie up , back , forward , down . off he fly and the improvement be stun . for the first time he know he can really do this . int . peary 's workshop - day peary 's hungover face - the morning battlefield of shame and denial as he make he coffee . 35 . he reach for he flask to top up he cup only to realize Eddie stand nearby . peary cover seamlessly by extract a tiparillo and fire up he bic . peary about last night ... he laugh - alone . Eddie be strangely elate , and strangely still . no pace up and down . eddie I think you should know I be go to Calgary in February . peary to watch ? eddie to jump . peary blow out a smoke ring . this should be interesting . eddie ( cont 'd ) I have get a golden opportunity . Eddie lean forward , lowering he voice . eddie ( cont 'd ) Britain do not have a jump squad . peary lean forward , lowering he voice . peary I know . eddie so I do not have to compete for a place , do I ? peary they must have some minimum requirement . distance , number of jump ... talent . Eddie shake he head . eddie bosa have not update the rule in 52 year . Eddie step back . wait to see how peary deal with this bombshell . peary Eddie , '' mate '' , the smallest Olympic jump be the 70m . even the average jumper take four year to build up to it . eddie I be not the average jumper . peary correct . you be well , well below average . 36 . he turn away , try to get some booze into he coffee without Eddie see ... but Eddie insist on follow he . eddie I can do it . it only take I a day to do the 40 . peary then go do it already . eddie okay , then . I will . peary I mean now . Eddie come to a stop . this be he big chance and he it . eddie seriously . the 70 . I have you permission ? peary be my guest . we push in on Eddie as he build up he courage . eddie I be not kid . peary neither be I . the two man - nose to nose , neither one move . eddie great . peary Super . know 37 . eddie terrific . Eddie turn and head for the door . peary swiftly empty he flask into he coffee as he follow . ext . garmisch 70m jump - day the game of bluff continue at the base of the 70 m tower . Eddie , now in he makeshift jump gear , gather up he skis . eddie no tip ? peary you be the expert . peary sip he coffee , ' miraculously 's mellow again . Eddie start up the step . eddie you not come up ? peary I find the optimum view be from the bottom . peary saunter down the slope and join some of the less boorish swede , who have gather to watch . lar he 's not actually go to jump that , be he ? peary not a chance . they be not sure they understand . peary speak to they in swedish . a subtitle read : '' just a little game of call my bluff . '' ext . garmisch 70m jump / platform - day up close , peary seem to be right . Eddie emerge onto the platform , bravado wane as he look down the ramp — a sheer drop as high as a tower block . he grip the railing , he stomach tightening , the icy wind blast he face . peary wave to the swede gather at the base of the tower . 38 . peary I would not stand too close if I be you . ( he point at a bald ski technician ) especially you . they look up , confuse , just as Eddie go white and stifles a retch . the swede scramble backwards . peary ( cont 'd ) my mistake . false alarm . Eddie slot the skis into the groove on the start platform . the view from this angle be even more terrifying . peary ( cont 'd ) in you own time . no rush . but Eddie stay stick on the ramp , too scared to go forward , too proud to go back . male voice the game be over now , yes ? lar have arrive behind he . eddie give we a push . lar look at he confuse . eddie ( cont 'd ) a push . it 's not hard . you just stick out both hand and - Eddie lose he balance and send himself down the ramp . the swede react first , then peary . peary what the f--- Eddie instantly accelerate to 50 mph . his knee shudder like jackhammer as he thunder into the ' tabletop 's , still freeze in a crouch , skis screeching in the icy groove . he roar off the ramp and plummet to the slope for the shortest 70 m jump in history . bounce along , briefly upright , before flipping over spectacularly . the swede can only watch in horror as Eddie go tumble past with a ski tip smacking he on the head . 39 . lar peer over the top of the ramp . see Eddie motionless on the ice . peary rush over as Eddie roll onto he back , face cover with snow : '' how be that ? '' we push in on peary 's stunne face . peary ( cont 'd ) you fuck idiot ! what 's the matter with you ? he 's never see anything like it in he life . and Eddie know it . angry shouting break the moment as the swedish coach charge up , beetroot with rage . swedish coach '' damn , damn , damn . do you have piss in you head or what ? '' peary alright . take it easy . everything 's under control . peary help poor daze Eddie off the slope . the swedish coach 's voice get more high - pitch as he throw Eddie 's skis after they . swedish coach next time , I shove they under you pistenbully . peary look forward to it . int . garmisch eddie 's dorm room - day Eddie lie propped up in bed like a convalescent . german roommate eduard ? you have a visitor . peary enter and pull up a chair . peary how 's the human cannonball ? eddie couple of aches and pain . no big deal . 40 . he can barely speak he jaw it 's so swollen . peary know better . he lift the sleep bag and blanket to reveal Eddie 's purple swollen knee and even more swollen ankle - cover in bag of freeze peas . eddie ( cont 'd ) I blame the landing surface , frankly . peary shake he head as he inspect Eddie 's jaw , still fascinate by this maniac . peary no one jump the 70 first time out . no one . even matti nykanen take two year and he be a prodigy . eddie this mean you be go to coach I properly ? peary scoff , but not unkindly . peary you can not get to Olympic unless you compete on the european circuit . who 's get the dough for that ? eddie the only Olympic requirement be one complete jump in a european circuit event . we can do that right here . Eddie hand he a flyer for the upcoming garmisch senior tournament . so it be . eddie ( cont 'd ) all the judge be circuit official . it 's totally valid . peary what be you go to do ? strap on a colostomy bag ? pretend you be 82 ? eddie the last jump of the day be a open event ... peary look up to see Eddie struggle to he foot . peary where the hell be you go ? 4l. eddie train . to peary 's amazement , Eddie start to put on he ski gear . peary you idiot . you have get a fracture jaw . eddie I already think of that . he pick up he trusty pillowcase and rip it . int . peary 's workshop - day peary sort out a ice pack for Eddie 's swollen face , act like he amazement be really disapproval . peary no one jump the 70 first time out . no one . even matti nykanen take two year and he be a prodigy . eddie this mean you be go to coach I full - time ? peary slap the ice- pack onto Eddie 's cheek , make he grimace . peary Eddie . you can not get to Olympic unless you compete on the european circuit . who 's get the dough for that ? eddie the only Olympic requirement be one complete jump in a european circuit event . we can do that right here . Eddie indicate a poster for the garmisch senior tournament . eddie ( cont 'd ) all the judge be circuit official . it 's totally valid . peary what be you go to do ? strap on a colostomy bag ? pretend you be 82 ? 42 . eddie the last jump of the day be a open event ... and with that final bit of news , Eddie get to he foot , collect he skis and head right back out to the slope . ext . garmisch 40M slope - night Eddie trudge back up the stair for another jump . drenched in sweat , tooth gritt against the pain , pillowcase tie around he head . peary watch , puffing on a cigarillo . beer-drink teenager blow wolf - whistle at Eddie , but he just flick they a v-sign and carry on — a lone but defiant figure under the floodlight . ext./ int . peary 's workshop - night peary return to contemplate he drab workshop ... and in a way he life . the empty bottle , the rusty engine part , the sheer self - defeat clutter ... there 's no hide from it any longer . he pick up a tool , settles down to a long night 's work . int . peary 's workshop - day peary lead Eddie in to unveil a new home - make harness dangle from the ceiling . Eddie be profoundly touch . lose for word in fact . all this for he . peary but what would I know about it , eh ? Eddie climb into the harness , try it out . peary ( cont 'd ) alright , first thing first . who 's you favorite female movie star ? Jane fonda ? raquel Welch ? eddie honestly ... Linda Gray . peary furrow he brow : who ? eddie ( cont 'd ) Sue ellen from Dallas . 43. peary JR 's wife ? Eddie nod , a little defensively . peary yank the harness up over Eddie 's crotch . peary ( cont 'd ) from here on , you be go to approach every jump as if you be make love to Sue ellen from Dallas . peary use he home - make miniature skier and ski-jump to illustrate further — peary ( cont 'd ) the start gate be you foreplay . the in - run be where you build you rhythm . the table - top be where you head for home . and the lift -off be you orgasm . same facial expression . same strain of the muscle . same peaceful feel of release — if you do it properly . Eddie 's nod . er , okay . peary ( cont 'd ) and as with any act of lovemake , there 's only one way to tell if you have do it properly ...? eddie you fall asleep ? this do not get a laugh . eddie ( cont 'd ) she fall asleep . neither do this . peary let out a deafen cry of release . peary abhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbhhhhhh ! it 's a unique primal mix of war cry and sexual ecstasy ... peary ( cont 'd ) come on , let I hear you ! crouch . clench . release ! Eddie lift off with a exhaust little grunt . 44 , peary ( cont 'd ) whoa . everything grind to a halt . peary ( cont 'd ) the most shatter physical and emotional experience of you life , and that 's the noise you make ? Eddie fiddle with he harness strap . eddie in England , yeah . peary walk back over to he . peary rule number one . all the hi-tech gadget in the world do not mean squat if you be not feel it here . he thump Eddie in the chest and let rip . peary ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! he keep go until Eddie join in , thumping Eddie in the chest again as he get louder and louder . eddie / peary ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh - ext . garmisch STREET - night one by one , light snap on in the neighbor dorm room . ext./ int . garmisch various - day Eddie do squat jump in the snow . pin up a poster of Sue ellen from Dallas . watch peary use he little home - make skier to show when not to pull up you skis . peary too soon ... too late ... 45 . ext . garmisch 40M jump - day peary wince as Eddie shoot off a jump . peary too soon . int . peary 's workshop - day Eddie sit on a sofa with two black eye . peary show he video footage of matti nykanen in action . he be a blue -ey boyish enigma . and insanely brilliant . ext . garmisch slope - day Eddie race to the jump , full of inspiration ... peary watch and wince doubly hard . peary too late . he turn away to hide he expression only to meet the appal stare of the swedish coach . swedish coach '' have not you get a toilet to go clean ? '' down at the bottom Eddie find he boot and strap have finally snap . eddie ( to the swede ) any chance of borrow some equipment ? swede screw off English ! go take a bollock ! go play with you wanker ! int . garmisch senior registration - day a line of spindly , spry old people . Eddie register for the senior tournament , he face swollen and purple . signing -in official for sure , he be okay for this ? 46 . peary ( indignantly ) he 's the national squad captain . it 's a modest easygoing crowd . lot of geriatric laughter and miss tooth . and the odd recover jumper in a wheelchair and plaster cast . Eddie try to hide he nerve as peary prep he at the base of the tower . peary ( cont 'd ) remember . you be only one jump away from the Olympic . Eddie put on he batter old helmet . he 's customize the chin strap with a big piece of sponge . peary ( cont 'd ) just stay focus and do what we have do in training only better . he slide Eddie 's chin strap into place . peary ( cont 'd ) a lot better . int . garmisch 70m tower - day antique jumper bound up the stair past Eddie as he psyches himself up . eddie you be only one jump away ... you be only one jump away . ext . garmisch 70m slope - day peary take he place next to the measuring official , who be uniformly short intense man , who take measure jump very seriously . ext . garmisch top of the 70m - day on the wind - sweep platform , a bunch of old timer laugh it up . one old skier turn to Eddie to share the joke . old jumper he say , '' you must treat every jump as if it 's you last . '' we be say , for we , that be easy . 47 . Eddie stare down the gut - churn icy ramp . eddie and for I . official Edwards ! a official point at Eddie . it 's time . PA announcer we next jumper be Eddie Edwards from ... great Britain . the measure official snap into position — eye fix on the landing area . peary discreetly mutter a prayer for good luck . the horn blare , the light go green and off Eddie go . peary can not help mime everything that Eddie should be do . peary arm back . chest down . fanny in ... and lift . lift ! Eddie do not lift . he lose he nerve and shut he eye , so he stay freeze in a crouch and smack down onto the slope , a good 30 meter above the normal landing position . the measure official , who never make a mistake , be completely catch out . the crowd too . that be the shortest jump they have ever see . Eddie rocket past they dumbstruck face , eye still close , to cross the red line and technically complete he jump . announcer Eddie Edwards — 48 meter . the crowd still can not believe it . Eddie open he eye as he come to stop . catch peary look of relief . and it only get better . announcer ( cont ’d ) that be a new british record for a competitive jump . ( not quite cover the microphone ) this have to be mistake . ( a hasty consultation ) no , that be correct — 48 meter . a new british record for a competitive 70 m jump . 48 . the crowd burst out laugh . even more so when Eddie leap up and down with joy . who be this crazy guy ? the official photographer scurries forward to get a picture . click ! ext . garmisch slope - day Eddie be back teach he class and peary 's influence have begin to show . eddie come on , you be act like a bunch of robot ! technique do not mean squat if you do not feel it here . he thump he chest . a row of kid , crouch in the snowplow position , peer up at he wide - eye . peary eduardo . peary appear wave a clutch of letter and a newspaper . int . peary 's workshop - later peary and Eddie hunch over a Daily mail send from home and find he photo — ham it up — under '' jumping for Joy '' : peary '' plucky plasterer ' fast 's Eddie Edwards set a new british record in ski-jump last week at garmisch , Germany , jump 48 meter on the normal hill . the previous record be set back in 1929 by hector moonie . " eddie " plucky plasterer . '' ( like the sound of it ) peary point to a envelope in the rest of Eddie 's mail stamp with the bosa logo . what 's that ? Eddie slit it open and pull out a emboss letter . 49 , eddie ( cont 'd ) " dear Mr. Edwards , we be write to inform you that in the interest of safety we have ratify a minimum distance of 61 meter to be achieve in european circuit contest as the qualification for all future british ski-jump contestant in Olympic competition ... " Eddie have to read it again to be sure . eddie ( cont 'd ) '' minimum distance ? '' peary grab the letter and read for himself . one figure leap out from the page . 61 meter . 61 meter . int . garmisch bar - night peary sit back in he regular spot , steadily sip he way through a bottle of schnapp . peary so much for you golden opportunity . eddie do not be like that . i’11l just go back and talk to they . sort it out face to face . peary you use the same approach when you be do downhill ? he take another sip . light up a tiparillo . eddie this be different . peary how ? Eddie shout over the babble of income swede as he leave . eddie they be deal with the british record holder now ! he leave . peary ponder he reflection in the bar mirror . he seem to be take this harder than Eddie . 50 . int . bosa hq - day a seat row of bosa official , all in green blazer . Eddie sit opposite , perch on a single chair . knotted tie , argyle V-neck , comb hair — he dress to impress look . head this row of flunky be Dustin target . target Mr. Edwards , this be a pointless conversation . we sponsor pay to be associate with hard - earn success , not some ridiculous side - show , however well intentioned . Eddie grit he jaw . eddie why do I suddenly stop be ridiculous at 61 meter ? target you will not reach 61 meter . eddie I should not have to reach anything . I be the only one in Britain do the event ! target that be the distance ratify by we Health and Safety committee . target indicate a porky aide sit at the end . Eddie 's face : '' he 's Health and Safety ? '' target get to he foot . target ( cont 'd ) we position could not be clearer . we will not put amateur in with the real athlete . more chair scrape back . the meeting be adjourned . eddie I think the Olympic be for amateur ... 51 . int . kitchen - day a steaming pot of tea — untouched . Eddie sit at the kitchen table with he parent . terry so the only way to qualify be to make 61 m in a european competition ? Eddie nod . terry ( cont 'd ) and how much be that go to cost ? eddie not too much . it 's mostly entrance fee and a bit of travel — terry but more than you can afford . Eddie do not deny it . Terry pick up a Prince Charles salt shaker . terry ( cont 'd ) well , answer I this . if this be you now — he mime Prince Charles jump off the teapot spout to the middle of the table . terry ( cont 'd ) how much more be they ask you to jump ? Eddie can not lie . he ' jump 's the Lady diana pepper shaker all the way to the edge of the table . janette and Terry look at this huge gap . this impossibly huge gap . int . bedroom - night Eddie lie on he bed , flick through well - thumbed page of photo — Mary Peters , lasse vire , Dick fosbury ... it 's he old Olympic album , moment of glory . the same book he pore over as a kid . he arrive at 1960 triple gold medallist wilma rudolph from Tennessee — " the Black gazelle . " 52 . a strikingly fit black woman , the 20th of 22 child , but also amazingly — '' a polio sufferer who could not even walk until she be eight . " Eddie gaze deeply at the photo of wilma take gold in Rome - '' the fastest woman in the world '' - and even more deeply at the photo of wilma as a young girl , stand in a pair of leg brace . just like the one in the hall closet . int . live - room - night Terry and janette sit by they pewter flickerflame gas fire in match armchair . terry so he 's no better off than when he leave , be he ? janette like that 's go to stop he . she want to go back to she knitting but can not . he want to go back to he copy of plasterer 's monthly , but can not either . janette ( cont 'd ) we be just go to have to face it . he 's a obsessive . Terry grunt . terry yeah . I wonder where he get that from . he look at she surround by shelf of royal china . janette yeah . I wonder . she look at he surround by swirly stucco wall and ornate brickwork . int . hallway - dawn Eddie carry he gear to the bottom of the stair . this time , janette and Terry be both wait for he . janette if we can not stop you , at least we can support you . 90 53 . she hold out a check , which catch Eddie completely offguard . eddie ++. you do not have to do this . terry that 's what I say . janette throw he a look . turn back to Eddie . janette just come back in one piece . Eddie see the amount on the check and react . it 's sizeable . janette push the check into he hand . terry that be go to be for you first van after you get you diploma . Terry let out a sigh . terry ( cont 'd ) that be the other dream I have . ext . motorway - day a truck motor down the autobahn , splash through puddle , ferry Eddie back to garmisch . int . truck - moving - day Eddie sit in the front seat . headphone on , deep in thoug if0 . one knee bounce up and down . int . peary 's workshop - night peary idly tinker away under a solitary work lamp . Lonely , bored , drunk . Eddie enter , fresh off the truck . peary look up and take in Eddie 's pensive expression . peary let I guess . bosa do not budge . Eddie take in the empty and the mess , somewhat take aback at the squalor . 54 . ext . garmisch 70m platform - night the twinkle light of the resort . Eddie and peary sit atop the 70m , drink cup of ' fortify 's coffee from peary 's thermos . peary I think it 's a good thing , to be honest . it mean now you have get to do it for real . Eddie sip he drink , in no mood to be consol . eddie it be different for you . you be a champion . you be always good . I get kick off every team I be on . and the one thing I think I be good at — ruddy downhill — they would not even take I . peary they be not exactly begging you now . Eddie look down , toy intently with he cup . peary pull out he schnapp bottle . add some more to he coffee . peary ( cont 'd ) believe it or not , I do know what it 's like to be write off . Eddie glance up . a rare glimpse of the real peary underneath . peary ( cont 'd ) of course , my solution be to come here and screw everything that move ... he give a worldly laugh , but it quickly evaporate . Eddie go back to toy with he cup . eddie I be in a hospital for a year when I be a kid . dodgy knee . all the doctor tell I to forget about sport and take up read . Eddie pause , relive the moment . 55 . eddie ( cont 'd ) so I do . first book I get be the official 1972 Olympic photo album — eddie / peary together moment of glory . peary know the title all the well . peary that be the book I get write out of . eddie that be the book that make I realize I need my own '' moment . '' that one thing I could do to prove they all wrong . peary watch Eddie lift he hot metal cup to reveal five interlock ring in the iced platform . eddie ( cont 'd ) I have never change my mind since . ext . bottom of the 70m - night the clang of unsteady foot as peary and Eddie descend the stair . they get to the bottom . a pause . peary have something to say too . he put a arm around Eddie 's shoulder . peary eduardo , mein freund . I will get you you moment . off they weave , down the slope to the light below . ext . mountain - day Music swell as we sail over a snowy mountain road . peary ( vo ) we have only get three contest to make you distance before the Olympic cut - off date . seefeld , St. Moritz and oberstdorf . two month . Three jump . that 's it . 56 . a caravanette hatchback come into view — the garmisch maintenance van . int . caravanette - moving - day peary do the drive . Eddie handle navigation . on a map , peary have mark the jump in sequence — 1 , 2 , 3. ext . seefeld slope - day Eddie do brutal squat thrust and leaping star jump . peary ( vo ) I be let you push off later because it give you more time for you alignment . no more . peary demonstrate use a homemade model skier . peary ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) you have get to do it quick and stronger — with explosive plyometric force . Eddie do not know what that mean . peary ( cont 'd ) like a mad salmon . Eddie leap — just like a mad salmon . int . seefeld slope office - day peary ( vo ) good start time ! you will gain at least a meter jump on early morning ice . Eddie present himself to a surprised official . Signs he name on a clipboard . peary ( vo ) ( cont ’d ) so let 's get you register as a squad captain and claim a pole position . Eddie try out he captain 's armband , just like the one that lar wear . 57 . int . seefeld STREET - day peary drag Eddie along to a ski resort building . peary New equipment ! decent skis , proper boot , aerodynamic jumpsuit , streamline helmet . this will gain you at least two meter . eddie with what ? we have barely get enough leave for entry fee and petrol . peary who say anything about buy ? Eddie look confuse . eddie I already try borrow . peary lead Eddie past a sign for '' lose property '' . peary we be not borrow . we be reclaim . int . seefeld lost property dept . - day peary and Eddie root out various ski boot , a helmet , glove , a ski suit — recoil at the musty smell . peary size 11 , right ? eddie 10 . peary all they have get be 11 . he hand Eddie the boot . and six pair of sock . Eddie assemble he final selection . notice peary inspect he own selection in the mirror — a alpine sport jacket with a distinctive zip - up collar . the prefer style for european jump coaches . peary ( cont 'd ) what ? I just like the look , that 's all . 58 . int . seefeld changing - room - day Eddie put on he six pair of sock and oversize boot . he join the circle at the captain 's meeting , proudly put on he armband . one by one , the other captain react to they new colleague and he kaleidoscope of mismatch gear . '' be this a joke ? '' ext . seefeld 70m jump - day superimpose : '' Contest no. 1 seefeld . '' Eddie jump and land . judge by peary 's reaction — it 's a instant improvement . Ugly , but definitely longer . peary give Eddie the thumb - up , resplendent in he new distinctive high - collar jacket . it 's a little shabby , but otherwise he look just like the other coaches now . swedish jumper Din javla idiot . peary flick he a eddie-style v-sign . int . caravanette - day Eddie - a ice pack on each knee - write a postcard home , sketching a little diagram to show he progress ... int . edward kitchen - day '' +. janette hand Eddie 's postcard to Terry , sit behind he copy of plasterer 's monthly . then she move Prince Charles a full two inch towards Lady Di at the edge of the table . int . seefeld PRESS room - day Eddie expertly plunder the free food . peary , even more expertly , plunder the open bar . until a voice on one of the tv monitor catch he attention .... he look up to face the moment he 's be dread for 20 year . a silver-haire man on screen . the tv caption read '' Warren sharp , former US Olympic coach '' . 59 . sharp be be welcome aboard the ABC Sports commentary team for Calgary . peary go quite still as he take in sharp 's immense patrician presence . hurtling back into he past ... int . caravanette - night it 's small , but they have make it like home . makeshift clothes line . poster of matti nykanen and Linda Gray on the wall . Eddie shiver in he sleep bag , swaddle in mitten and scarf , breath mist the window . eddie '' I be go outside . I may be some time . '' not even a smile from peary , lose in he thought . int . ski resort store - day Eddie peruse postcard , gulp milk . peary discreetly unbag he new book - sharp word : the coach wisdom of Warren sharp . he study the back cover photo of sharp — the archetypal straight arrow coach . his unforgive eye drilling deep into peary 's conscience ... ext . slope - day swirl snow fill the sky . peary and Eddie two dot on the wind -swept landscape . peary we have to keep work on you telemark landing . it 's key . eddie it 's too complicated . the other way feel better . peary yeah , but it 's not correct . Eddie look at peary , unsure where this sudden pedantry be come from . eddie what happen to ugly but effective ? 60 . ext . road - day the caravanette whooshes past , more slowly now as it head uphill ... peary ( vo ) you plateaue sooner than I think . the more you push now , the worse you make it . the only way forward be better technique . ext . slope - day Eddie practice the telemark landing - knee bent , one leg in front of the other - without skis . again and again under peary 's exact , precise direction . eddie Christ . when do you get so fussy ? peary ignore he . just keep correct and adjust . peary how do it feel now ? eddie robotic . off peary 's glare - ext . ST . moritz 70m jump - day superimpose : '' Contest no. 2 St. Moritz . '' peary ( vo ) ( lose patience ) precision be what set you free . form and function combine . otherwise you just snatch at you lift - off and make it worse . we travel all the way down the scoreboard to last place — '' Edwards , E. — 53m . '' int . edward kitchen - day Terry butter he toast with a plasterer 's precision . look up to see janette move Prince Charles backwards from Lady Di — awhole inch . Terry 's face : what do I tell you ? 61 . ext . field - night the caravanette sit park in a muddy field , rain drum on the roof . int . caravanette - night peary sip he drink and light another tiparillo . Eddie fidget noisily with the model skier as he ponder he progress chart — or rather lack of progress chart . the air be thick with fatigue and mutual frustration . and the odd leak raindrop . peary attitude be altitude . you can not move forward if you head 's not right . what be peary talk about ? eddie we have only get three week leave ! peary 's well aware of the pressure . and he 's not cope so great either . he top up he glass . eddie ( cont 'd ) like that 's go to help . peary well , look at the raw material I get to work with . Eddie snap . hurl the little ski model into peary 's glass , splash it all over peary 's shirt . eddie some coach you be . peary leap to he foot , bang he head on the low ceiling . peary it 's ski jump , not bungee jump ! eddie since when do it have to be swan Lake ? peary 's face tighten . Water drip off he . something have snap in he too . 62. peary Eddie . you have a self - limit belief . Eddie can not believe what he 's hearing . peary ( cont 'd ) a self - limit belief that keep you small . peary peel off he wet shirt and hand it to Eddie . eddie like you be so bloody special . peary 's face : oh really ? the two of they , nose to nose once more . very coolly , peary pick up he drink . pull out the drip little ski model . hand it to Eddie . head for the door . ext . slope - day peary march across the slope - no shirt , no shoe , drink in one hand , tiparillo in the other . Eddie trail after he . eddie Nice . Nice attitude . very professional . peary hand Eddie he glass . peary here . hold this . he march on to the base of the 90m jump . point at a jumper change into ski boot . peary ( cont 'd ) what size be that ? jumper lls . peary Close enough . he take they and the guy 's skis and start up the stair . down below , the swede have gather to watch . swedish jumper what be this ? call my bluff again ? 63 . Eddie feel the glare of onlooker . eddie do you mind ? up at top of the ramp , peary clip on he boot and slot in he skis , tiparillo still in mouth . eddie ( cont 'd ) alright , peary . you have make you be point . very impressive . thank you . but peary be only get start . he crouch down , arm back , palm up , and set off ... he 's like a great surfer , the natural elegance undimm by year away . he shoot off the ramp , spring upwards , taut and beautiful - no helmet , no shirt - fly past Eddie and the swede ... and fly ... and fly ... the swede watch in awe . they all know pure style when they see it . peary 's skis slap down in the most rakish version of a telemark landing anyone ever see . gliding to a halt with a parallel skid and a perfect arc of spray . awed silence . peary remove he tiparillo and tap the ash . take back he drink from Eddie and take a sip . peary I be sorry . I interrupt you . you be say ? int . caravanette - night Eddie lie in he sleep bag , awake , look like he 's be slap . peary be still up and so drunk , he 's turn mean . peary you be uncharacteristically quiet tonight . he offer the dregs of he bottle to Eddie , so forcefully Eddie have to push it away . eddie I can see why they kick you off the squad now . peary 's eye narrow . suddenly this be no longer fun . 64 . peary if you really want to get to Olympic so bad , just go jump the 90m yourself . he clamber into he bed still with the bottle . peary ( cont 'd ) you bosa letter only say the minimum distance have to be record at a circuit jump . it do not specify what event . he hit the light switch , drift into sleep . peary ( cont 'd ) it 's perfect for you . you can do as badly as you like and still make the distance . out he go . Eddie lie awake , fume in the dark ... knee bounce up and down . int . caravanette - dawn peary stir awake in the morning light thanks to the empty bottle hit the floor . finally , he notice the blindingly obvious — Eddie 's bed be empty . ext . 90 m jump - day a ski-jump elevator take Eddie up into the sunlight peeping over the ridge . all the way to the top . the 90m start platform be surprisingly small . there be just enough room to put on he skis and shuffle into position . Eddie move out , brace the wind , and take in the view . it 's like nothing he could have imagine . a vertigo-inducing ice-ramp that plunge down into infinity . he step forward , dislodge some ice from the metal grate . the ice chunks fall ... and fall ... and fall ... blood drain from Eddie 's face and a new expression fill he feature . one we have never see before . 65 . total fear . the elevator hiss open behind he , produce a new jumper . a preposterously young guy . he open he palm at Eddie : what 's the delay ? Eddie be white as a sheet . the kid have to skirt around he . he click on he skis and push off , he pick up speed at a frightening pace then abruptly disappear from view . a l-o - n-g moment later he fly back into view — slapping down onto the slope . a hard crunching landing . a fierce stop . Real ski-jump . Eddie attempt to move into position . all he can hear be the whistling wind . all he can feel be the metal structure creak beneath he . he fumble for the rail . a few deep breath seem to do the trick . he regains he composure , even manage a smile at he own silliness . then vomit spectacularly . ext . resort - day two figure pick they way through the crunchy morning snow . it 's peary and the resort janitor , who lead he into the man 's restroom . int . restroom - day the janitor open the end cubicle door for peary to step forward to see for himself . Eddie be slump on the floor by the toilet bowl . peary consider Eddie 's ashen face . his tremble finger grip the rim . this be not what he be expect at all . steam rise up from a sink of hot water . steadied by peary , Eddie splashes water over he face . slowly , he get some color back in he cheek . peary go and get he a wodge of paper towel . peary no more shortcut . 66 . Eddie wipe he face . look up to face peary 's gaze in the mist mirror and find he coach be surprisingly empathetic . peary ( cont 'd ) we be just go to have to dig deeper , that 's all . ext . mountain - day the caravanette chug uphill across the border into Germany , black cloud in the distance . peary ( vo ) you need to get use to ski at 50 - 60 mph . peary stand at the top of a mountain road with Eddie . nothing to see but more mountain top in any direction . eddie do not we need a wind tunnel for that ? ext . mountain road - day Eddie 's grimace face - jowl flap . his skis have be bolt to the roof of the caravanette . peary at the wheel , bombing downhill . peary louder . I can not hear you ! eddie arrrrghhhhhhhhhh ! the caravanette speed past the sign for Germany , black cloud in the distance . int . caravanette - moving - day peary and Eddie wear waterproof plastic sheet . rain leak everywhere now . they pull up outside a old gothic building with a sign in german and English that say '' Health spa . '' peary look at all the best jumper . they be tall , wide and thin . ( more ) 67 . peary ( cont 'd ) like a sail . whereas you , you be build like a linebacker ... peary give Eddie 's broad shoulder a squeeze . peary ( cont 'd ) you , my husky bricklay friend , be go on a diet . int . health spa - day a scale ping to 188lb . Eddie be get weigh . peary can barely get he pinkie inside Eddie 's waistband . ext . health spa - day Eddie set off on a run , wrap in a plastic trash bag . he pass obese patient , take the cure . '' slow down ! '' int . health spa - day Eddie 's head poke out the top of a sweat box . peary wipe he steam up glass . peary ( vo ) private Edwards , you be a thigh - chafing horror . ext . health spa - day Eddie do press-up while a obese guest in a tracksuit offer he pointer . peary ( vo ) gargantuan . obese . disgusting . what be you ? int . spa kitchen - day eddie starve . peary feed raw spinach into a blender ... and a raw egg ... and a whole lemon ... and cayenne pepper ... Eddie gulp down a glass of the green liquid wince . 68 . a tempting box of chocolate jaffa cake sit on the table . a gift from mum . peary remove they from view . peary not until you qualify . ext . STREET - day Eddie run downhill , peary drive alongside . peary no rest until every pound of quivering blubber be go ! come back up the hill , Eddie easily outrun the caravanette , force peary to shout after he . peary ( cont 'd ) vanish ! purge ! finito ! int . health spa - day peary prod Eddie past a sign for " hydro -colonics . " peary every pound you lose be a meter gain ! int . health spa - day the scale boing to 175lbs . peary get two whole finger inside Eddie 's waistband . peary how do you feel now ? eddie weak . ext . oberstdorf slope - day superimpose : '' oberstdorf practice jump . '' various squad and coaches arrive to begin they preparation . the swede gather round they coach , but lar 's gaze keep straying over to eddie. 69 . the new streamline Eddie . already hard at work on the slope . valiantly do as peary instruct . not complain once . just like a real athlete . int . oberstdorf changing -room - day Eddie get undress , exhaust from another long day , stomach growling , tighty - whitey slip off he new slimline frame . behind he , nonchalantly nude as usual , lar stroll up hold out a shiny new pair of Atomic skis . lar you could maybe use this , I think . the skis be gleam , unused — and bright pink . lar ( cont 'd ) proper jump skis . with lightweight tip . for better balance . Eddie wait for the punchline , but it do not come . eddie you sure ? this thing cost a fortune . lar the sponsor take care of it . he thrust the skis at Eddie , who run a hand over they gorgeous dimension . eddie they be beautiful . lar shrug — the nearest he will ever get to a over display of emotion — and leave Eddie to it . after a moment , Eddie ' come to 's and realize lar have already go . he turn to one of the other swede . eddie ( cont 'd ) Quick . how do you say " thank you for the skis " in swedish ? int . oberstdorf shower - day lar amble nudely to the shower . 70 . eddie lar ! Eddie chase after he , still clad only in he y-front . eddie ( cont 'd ) det var som fan sansldés . a subtitle read : '' bugger I till I faint . '' lar blink in surprise , which only embolden Eddie to squeeze lar 's shoulder more warmly . eddie ( cont 'd ) det. var. som. fan. sanslés . ext . oberstdorf 70m jump - day Eddie be all ready to jump with he shiny new skis , but the jump marshall have a clipboard full of form to be sign first . eddie it 's a practice jump ! you do not paperwork for a practice jump ! jump marshall at oberstdorf , we do everything to the letter . eddie I could have do two jump by now . peary drag Eddie aside before he make thing worse . eddie ( cont 'd ) I can not help it . I be bloody starve . peary take a breath . relax . remember : focus not tense . a much improve whoosh see Eddie shoot off the slope in he shiny new pink skis . it 's not a great lift -off , but he stay aloft appreciably longer , and land at 61 meter — the magical distance . eddie and that be without a headwind ! 71 . peary alright , do not get cocky . you new skis do most of the work . the jump Marshall signal the distance on he electronic board - '' 61 meter . '' the magical distance . Eddie erupt with joy , but he 's so weak , he fall into peary 's arm . peary ( cont 'd ) do that tomorrow and you be through . int . kitchen - day Prince Charles clink into Lady Di , so he 's right next to she . Terry exchange a tense look with janette . finger cross . int . spa bedroom - night Eddie lie wide awake . stare at the ceiling , stomach growl like a bear . he get up , careful not to wake peary , and dig out the parcel of jaffa cake — only to find a note attach from peary : " I say , not until you qualify ! " it do not matter . he 's feel so much self - belief . ext . oberstdorf 70m slope - day the arena fill up with official , tv crew , spectator . competition day . peary rub the overnight snow between he finger . size up the headwind . it 's all good . superimpose : '' Contest no. 3 oberstdorf . '' ext . oberstdorf 70m jump - day Eddie get he armband with lar and the other captain . and he jump position . official number three : klauser . number two : moberg. number one ... Edwards . 72 . wow . the prime start time . ext . oberstdorf 70m slope - day Eddie hurry to find peary and tell he the good news . eddie peary ! you better get in position . I be first off . he pull up short like he 's see a ghost . two of they in fact . it 's target and he aide in they bright green blazer . target can we take it you have acquire a coach ? eddie / peary yes . / no. pause . peary it 's not a formal arrangement . target I should hope not . that would require you to be license and register . it 's peary , be not it ? target flick a glance at peary 's ' lose property 's chic . target ( cont 'd ) you old exploit on the US Olympic squad be quite the talk in the press tent . peary assume he most nonchalant air . peary if I would be french , they have have make I captain . target if you have be british , we would have never let you in the squad . peary and Eddie turn to watch as target and he aide walk over to glad -hand — who else ? — the asshole swedish coach . peary back home , we have a word for guy like that . 73 . eddie we have the same word . ext . oberstdorf 70m jump / platform - day Eddie settles into position . flapping he arm , do he breathe warm - up : '' ahhhhhhh ! '' he see peary down below give he the ok sign . then catch sight of target and he aide , which do not help . he try to shut they out — '' focus not tense . '' '' Linda Gray . '' the light go to green and he push off in he shiny new skis . peary watch in gradually awaken amazement as Eddie soar and hover like never before . graceful , control , no trace of panic . it 's like he 's a completely different athlete . he even pull off a telemark landing — arm out , knee bent — which be simply a miracle . Eddie skid to a stop and flip off he goggle . he see peary 's face and see he wonderment . even better , there 's no red flag from the official . the jump will stand . eddie what do I hit ? peary completely forget to register he distance . eddie ( cont 'd ) what be the distance ? peary have no idea . some of the circuit crowd be do they usual patronise reaction — cry of '' woo-hoo '' and taunting hand gesture . but peary do not care . that be a genuinely decent jump . Eddie though only have eye for one thing . the distance . he turn to the scoreboard as it click up . '' E. Edwards 57m . '' he blink at this obvious mistake . but the announcer confirm it . it 's a full 4 meter short . target turn to he Health and Safety aide with relief . at last , the nightmare be over . 74 . a official steer Eddie off the snow to make way for the next jumper , but Eddie push he away . wait. wait . this be all wrong . ext . oberstdorf front office - day peary wait outside , while inside Eddie remonstrate with the event official , voice rise . eddie you do not understand . this be my only chance . you have to give I another run . they will not budge . the rule be the rule . oberstdorf official at oberstdorf , we do everything to the letter . eddie you all keep say that ! it do not help ! this people at bosa . they be bastard ! if it 's 61 this year , it will be 71 next year . then 81 . Eddie explode , grab the man 's lapel , end any chance of clemency . peary watch all this , know it 's pointless , but that 's okay . in some strange , wonderful way , this mad quest be turn out better than he have ever hope . int . caravanette - night the long drive back . headlights move through ghostly tree - line road . Eddie stare out the window , jaw clench tight . the box of jaffa cake in he lap — unopen . peary look over at Eddie , bide he time . ext . garmisch carpark - day the caravanette nose to a stop right back where it all begin . except now , there 's only leaden sky and humdrum tourist waddling about . 75 . int . caravanette - day peary switch off the engine . peary Eddie , I want to tell you something . Eddie stare out the window like a zombie . peary ( cont 'd ) you jump yesterday ... peary have never look more alive . peary ( cont 'd ) it be the first time you have all you component work together — lift-off , timing , balance , trajectory . all of it , work together like second nature . Eddie can not face any of this . he open the door and get out . peary reach to pull he back . peary ( cont 'd ) you idiot . I be tell you it be the best jump you have ever do . but Eddie 's already go , hurry out of sight . ext . garmisch resort - day wind blow across the slope as the last swedish flag be take down and they Olympic hq pack up . int . peary 's workshop - day int . peary 's workshop - day peary sit at he desk , underline key section of he copy of sharp word , jotting note in the margin , a man reborn . the sound of banging and slamming intrude . peary look over to find Eddie holler in he garage . peary Eddie . cut it out . I have be do some think . Eddie just keep holler like a maniac . 76 . peary ( cont 'd ) seriously . enough with the histrionics . I have figure out a way forward — Eddie appear in front of he , wave a telex . eddie we do it . we be through . he 's not upset . he 's celebrate . eddie ( cont 'd ) they only record the bloody practice jump . he hand the telex to peary . '' E. Edwards , great Britain , oberstdorf 61m . '' eddie ( cont 'd ) it 's official . it count . Eddie charge out , bang the door , whooping with joy . eddie ( cont 'd ) '' everything to letter ! '' peary stand there , completely throw . this be a disaster . ext./ int . caravanette - day matti nykanen 's inscrutable blue eye be unpin from the caravanette wall . Eddie roll up he poster , unstoppable now as he do he best ron picker . eddie oh this be amazing , this be sensational . peary arrive at the van , now with a '' for sale '' sign in the front window . peary Eddie . what I say about you jump — I mean it . we can do this for real . Eddie hum , dance , moonwalk as he pack up he gear . peary ( cont 'd ) you do not have to settle for be a novelty item anymore . 77 . Eddie just keep bop away as he pack he case . peary ( cont 'd ) we should take another four year . re-train you from the ground up . eddie what be you talk about ? peary I be say I want to coach you for the next four year . so we can go and really compete . Eddie finally start to pay attention . eddie what for ? we be already go . peary I be say , if you go now , they be never go to let you back . eddie so what ? peary so all you can prove be that you do not mind come last . eddie I do not mind ! Eddie can not believe he 's try to ruin this great moment . eddie ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter with you ? we just pull off the impossible . now we get to be a part of it . peary I be a part of it . remember ? the intensity in he voice take they both by surprise . peary ( cont 'd ) it do not mean anything if you sell yourself short . 78 . ext . garmisch carpark - day a bus driver load up luggage , ready for the drive back to England . Eddie and peary stand there , regard each other with equal frustration . eddie I do not understand . why can not we just go and have fun ? it 's a good question . and one peary have already ponder . peary a year after I get bump from the Olympic squad , I go back to Warren sharp to apologize . I literally get on my knee and begge he to let I jump again . even now , it still sting . peary ( cont 'd ) you know the last word he say to I ? this be the first time , we sense , peary have say they aloud . peary ( cont 'd ) '' you will never take jump seriously , because you 'il never take yourself seriously . '' Eddie digest the word and yes , they be brutal . eddie they go to be you last word to I , too ? the driver honk he horn . it 's time to go . peary Eddie . I get 20 year to make good on . either we do it right or not at all . eddie you be crazy ! six month ago you be drive a rust bucket . they stand there . each hope the other one will cave . peary Eddie . do not be a fool . 79 . eddie better a fool than a coward . the bus driver honk again . it really be time to go . eddie ( cont 'd ) at least wish I luck , you stubborn bastard . they hug awkwardly . int . coach - moving - day Eddie clamp on he headphone and fold he arm as the bus move off . how can a victory feel more like a defeat ? he can not even bring himself to look back . not even a farewell glance at the windswept jump . ext . eddie 's STREET - day the street be strangely empty outside chez Eddie , palace of stucco . just a voice yell — eddie ( vo ) hurry up , it 's start ! int . live - room - day pack inside be Eddie , Terry , various neighbor , kide and Builders . Eddie 's mum enter with another round of tea and jaffa cake as - on tv , Eddie flap he arm , jump in a european contest . UK news reporter ( on tv ) this week , local boy Eddie Edwards achieve a boyhood dream when he head off to Canada to compete in the Winter Olympic in Calgary . '' ahhhhhhhhhhh . '' Eddie practice in he homemade harness in the back garden , watch by the local kid . eddie ( on tv ) I have break my arm , my jaw , three finger , two rib , and eight pair of glass . 80 . news reporter ( on tv ) even though he only finish half the distance of normal jumper , Edwards can look forward to compete against the like of finnish champion matti nykanen . and can even expect to be cheer on by great Britain 's consort at the Games , her Royal highness princess Anne . on tv , a gentleman 's outfitter slip a Olympic blazer onto Eddie 's shoulder . outfitter ( on tv ) any pinching under the arm , sir ? Eddie shake he head , proudly inspect the breast pocket crest . " Calgary 1988 . " five Olympic ring and a Union Jack . just like in all the official british squad photo that fill the wall . through all this , Terry and janette exchange a look — quietly humble by Eddie 's achievement . int . bedroom - day Eddie recheck he airline ticket and passport for the last time . when he struggle to close he ski bag , Terry come and grip it , so Eddie can pull the zipper shut . terry wider than normal skis , be not they . eddie yeah . for the wind resistance . terry different buckle too . so you can lift you heel at the take - off . his dad be quite the expert , this day . eddie you sure you want to fly all that way just to see I ? I mean , it 's not cheap . terry it 's already do . call it a early summer holiday . 81. eddie yeah , but it 's not the plaster World Cup though , be it . no , it 's not . but they do not feel it have to be anymore . terry I all get this . you save you strength . Terry pick up Eddie 's bag and carry it downstairs . Eddie take one last look around he shrine . his lifelong dream finally turn real . int . hallway - day at the front door , janette wait , as always , beam with pride . janette and where do you think you be go , young man ? she give Eddie a ferocious hug , she eye tear up . he pull a hankie out of he pocket . eddie alright . take it easy . you be go to see I in a week . she dab she eye and blow she nose . Terry peer in from the front door . terry pull yourself together , woman . we have get a farewell committee . ext . house - day Eddie exit he front door to find a small curious crowd have gather . the local kid , a stray dog , the indian family opposite , a clutch of granny , a pass milkman . Eddie walk towards Terry 's mud-splatter van past they silent inquisitive face . a real crowd begin to roar , get louder and louder . 82 . ext . stock footage - day suddenly , we be hurtle over the Calgary skyline towards the McMahon Stadium and the teeming spectacle of the open ceremony . a procession of runner bring in the Olympic torch to light the flame . commentator ( vo ) fifty -seven nation , 1,700 athlete , 60,000 spectator and more than two billion tv viewer around the globe — all have come together for the 15th Olympic Winter Games , where today the word will be speak , let the Games begin ! the flame be light and the stadium erupt in a swirl display of synchronize flag-wave . drummer , march band , polar bear mascot , singer Gordon lightfoot , sexy ice-skater katarina witt , the jamaican bobsleigh team and — ext . calgary 70m jump - day whoosh ! a ski - jumper fly through the air to reveal a pack stadium below . Olympic flag . tv commentator . thousands of fan . this be so much bigger and noisier than anything in Europe . int . calgary changing - room - day Eddie wait , suite and ready to jump , he knee bounce like a jackhammer . around he , athlete be prepped and massage by they coaches . be on he own , Eddie make do with hum and fidget . ron pickering ( on tv ) so here we be , kick off the man 's 70 m ski-jump with the legendary matti nykanen . Eddie leap up at the mere mention of he idol 's name . ron pickering ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) the 70 m crowd have really come alive at the sight of the Flying Finn . not what you would call a accessible figure . ( more ) 83 . ron pickering ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) prefer to let he jump do the talk — and my word , here 's he first speech ! Eddie watch the tv monitor : nykanen soar for a eternity — a near perfect jump . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) oh , that 's big . that 's very big . it 's get to be at least 89 meter . nykanen 's brilliance silence the other jumper get ready , even the swede . they quickly turn to stretch , check they buckle . all except Eddie , who be rapt by the sight of nykanen as he stride off — eerily boyish in close - up , and also eerily unmove by the crowd 's rapture . official Edwards ! a super intense official execute the now familiar point routine to Eddie and then to the sky . you. next . ext . calgary 70m jump / start platform - day Eddie bound up to the platform determine to enjoy every second . this be he moment , right ? he get to the rail and look down on the biggest ski crowd he 's ever see . 70000 people and he parent , all wait for he . ron pickering here he come , Eddie Edwards . his arrival in Calgary have already cause quite a stir , I can tell you . that homespun , idiosyncratic jump style have even inspire a nickname — fan wave a placard : '' Canada welcome Eddie ' the Eagle 's Edwards . '' ron pickering ( cont ’d ) '' Eddie the Eagle . '' well , if ever there be a moment to prove he 's not a endangered species , this be it . Eddie wave to the crowd , hide he nerve by ham it up . 84 . ext . various - day around the world , people watch they tvs curiously — Eddie 's neighbor , florian , he old pupil . ext . calgary stadium - day around the stand , people watch curiously too — fan , commentator , some of the british squad . target turn with a wither look to he porky Health and Safety aide . target '' he will never make 61m . '' ext . calgary 70m jump / start platform - day the klaxon sound and Eddie set off down the slope , pick up speed . he fly into the air and flap he arm with a mighty cry . but it 's more of a squawk as he shoot into the air and plummet to the slope . he land awkwardly and skid to a halt only when he thump sideways into the end billboard . it 's all over in five second and the silence be deafen . the crowd , the commentator , the other athlete — all stare in disbelief . until one by one they start crack up . '' what the f£ *** be that ? '' Americans , Canadian , brit — all crack up with amused disbelief . and the swedish team , as always — totally impassive . they all turn towards lar : '' you give that guy skis ? '' ext . calgary 70m jump / slope - day Eddie lift he goggle and automatically turn to get peary 's reaction . but of course he 's not there . the score flick up on the big screen : 55 meter . the crowd applaud good - humoredly , but it 's lame and Eddie know it . target 's aide well , it could have be worse . 85 . target 's not so sure as he watch Eddie hide he disappointment by clowning it up for the crowd . int . peary 's workshop - night a stream of smoke . peary watch the tv replay of Eddie and he force bonhomie . peary look sad but resign . he turn back to he new read material , sharp word : the coach wisdom of Warren sharp . int . calgary changing - room - day Eddie clatter back to the quiet of the change - room , still on a high . he go straight to he kitbag to find he celebratory chocolate . a box of jaffa cake all ready to go . but something 's off and he know it . he catch sight of himself in the mirror . away from the crowd , he can not hide it anymore . it should feel great and it do not . ext . olympic village - dusk Eddie wander along , fight a grow sense of anticlimax . he squint at he map , totally lose amid the geometric athlete 's quarter . he pass the jamaican bobsleigh team , deck out in green and yellow latex suit . they watch he go by very strangely . once Eddie 's out of sight , we see why . the jamaican pull out a huge joint . ext . olympic village - night Eddie finally locate he block , where a perky pr woman be wait to greet he . pr woman a-ha , the elusive Mr. Edwards , where the hell have you be ? int . PRESS conference hall - night the pr woman lead Eddie down a backstage hallway towards a grow hubbub of expectation . 86 . eddie blimey , who else be do the press conference ? pr woman no one . it 's just you . Eddie notice a tv screen show footage of he read the Sun at the top of a jump ... do he funny arm -flapping warm - up exercise . she beckon he into the room and a sea of flashbulb explode . " Eddie ! " " Eddie ! " " over here ! this way ! " more than 130 photographer , tv cameramen and journalist be crowded inside for the new star attraction . all bombard he with question . ext . calgary - various - day tv reporter the Winter Olympic descend into french farce this week with the outbreak of eaglemania . singing fan on tv " fly like a eagle ... let you spirit carry I . " Eddie sign autograph and pose for picture . with kid , parent , even mounties . watch in amazement around the globe be Eddie 's neighbor . the builder . and the obese push - up expert back at the spa . obese guest heilige scheie ! Eddie have a quiet dinner with he parent until flashbulb explode through the window . tv reporter everywhere he go the former plasterer be provoking equal part amusement and derision . fan impersonate Eddie 's arm -flapping . make " four-eye " face with they finger . give he a inflatable eagle . tv talking head # 1 he 's the elton John of ski-jump . he give the ordinary man in the street hope . 87 . tv talking head # 2 if he 's anyone famous on skis — it 's benny Hill . Eddie get mobbed by showgirl . get present with a real eagle . even when he 's on the toilet , a tape-recorder appear under the door . UK news reporter a hairdresser from bristol be claim he be you lover for two year ? any comment ? Eddie valiantly sign more autograph , buffete by fan , who surge round , spilling hot dog and soda all over he Olympic blazer . some of the other athlete watch all this without comment . Eddie think they be doubtful about the crazy fan , but we sense they reservation have more to do with he . ext . olympic village - day Eddie and he mother head towards the Olympic Village laundromat carry a basket of he clothes . janette I do not care who want you autograph . you be not go to the close ceremony with mustard down you front . a team of security personnel make they wait while some VIP Guest pass . janette ( cont 'd ) who be it , katarina witt ? Eddie crane for a better look . no , it 's — eddie bloody nora . actually , it 's princess anne on a royal walkabout . and she 's walk all the way over towards he . princess anne I know you . you be we ski-jumper . she shake Eddie 's hand . 88 . princess anne ( cont ’d ) you know , my son Peter 's just start ski at the dry slope in cheltenham . eddie get out of it . that 's where I start . ( off the aide 's discreet prompt ) --. ma ’am . princess anne maybe you can give he some lesson ? eddie Love to . I will even get hima weekend discount . princess anne just ski . no jump . Eddie beam in royal - lover heaven . as for he mother — she 's go as stiff as a board . princess anne ( cont ’d ) Mrs. Edwards ? you must be very proud . janette can only stare , too stunne to speak , still grip Eddie 's basket of underwear . ext . various - day newspaper in every language tell Eddie 's story . crowd mob he . frat guy moon he . tv talking head this guy be not embody the spirit of the Games . he 's debase it . tv talking head # 2 let 's not forget . the founder of the Olympic be Baron de coubertin , not p.t. barnum . the crowd and media mob be now totally out of hand as bosa official escort Eddie into the flag-drape Olympic hq . 89 . int . olympic head office - day the pr woman be not so perky anymore . she look anxiously across at Eddie . pr woman I be not sure how to put this ... on the conference table be a fan - out mass of tabloid newspaper — Eddie 's antic all in print . pr woman ( cont ’d ) the official photo session for the british athlete be be hold tomorrow . and some of they do not think it 's such a good idea that you attend . she reluctantly pull out a letter . pr woman ( cont ’d ) in fact , they have sign a petition . eddie let I guess , the downhill squad ? pr woman +. not just they . he take the letter and read . there 's four page in total — 108 name . all of tell he to go home . target ( vo ) you have to understand , this athlete have be prepare they whole life to get to this Games . ext . bosa olympic hq - night target stand on the step , address a cluster of reporter and camera . target this be they chance to get the exposure and sponsorship they need to survive . watch from way back be Eddie . target ( cont 'd ) they simply want to make sure it do not get hijacked by some sideshow . ( more ) 90 . target ( cont 'd ) especially by someone with no desire to compete as a genuine athlete . a voice blurt out from the rear - voice I have desire ! target stop . head turn - curious , annoyed . but Eddie do not emerge from the shadow , riding out the awkward silence until target resume . target the Games be not about 15 minute of fame . they be about a lifetime of excellence . the crowd turn back to the step as Eddie slink away unnotice . ext . calgary stadium - dusk the vast empty freezing cold stadium . Eddie sit way at the back , a tiny solitary dot , hunch against the icy wind , feel like absolute shit . his only company be a snowgroomer put-putting up and down the slope . a steady rhythm that seem to say , what do I tell you ? what do I tell you ? in Eddie 's lap be he batter copy of moment of glory . all he treasure image of triumph . victorious athlete get cheer and chaire aloft . Terry slide into the seat next to he . Eddie barely look up from he book . eddie you be right . they do not want I . terry they do not know you . Eddie look up at the 90m jump , tower above they in all its concrete and steel glory . and keep look up at it , daunt but compel . Building up to some kind of decision . eddie that other athlete on the petition . they be not snob . they be good people . 91 . Terry look up at the 90 then back to Eddie , put two and two together . terry be you think what I think you be think ? Eddie take a last look at wilma rudolph 's lung -bust face , then back up at the tower 90 . eddie mum 's go to kill I . Terry consider he only son , breath mist in the vast arena , as torture as he 's ever see he . terry you leave she to I . Eddie get to he foot , he mind make up . he know what he have to do . we hear the discreet hush of camera-click — int . PRESS conference hall - day Eddie have call a second press conference . this time , it 's all business . eddie I be not delude . I do know there 's plenty of athlete more deserve of publicity than I . which be why I have decide not to do any more press interview . Eddie adjust he specs , like he always do before take the plunge . eddie ( cont 'd ) not until I have complete my 90 m jump on Saturday . the room react . half confuse . half delighted at the good copy this potential fiasco will provide . eddie ( cont 'd ) I have only plan to do the 70m . but as people wiser than I know , take part in the Olympic do not mean anything if you sell yourself short . I like clowning around , I admit it . but I like prove people wrong better . 92 . he seek out the german tv camera . look into the lens . eddie ( cont 'd ) I do not come here as a novelty act and I be not go home as one . int . peary 's workshop - day peary watch from he work bench . on he tv , Eddie get up and leave the press conference , a clamor of question in he wake . peary 's expression be hard to read until he gradually break into a small but distinctly proud smile . no one else in the bar can know or understand . but that do not diminish he vindication . " we be on ! " int . bosa olympic hq - day target and he aide watch the end of Eddie 's televise press conference with utter disbelief . target he must be mentally ill . how else can you explain it ? aide I actually think he 's start to make some sense . target throw a look , appal this disloyalty . then reach for the phone . target get I Benjamin pensotti at eventing Safety . ext . calgary 90m jump - day Eddie run against the wind with he kitbag and skis , a man on a mission . he get there just in time to make he practice jump . it be all very regiment with clipboard official and allocate time . but Eddie be block from enter . and only Eddie by the look of it . 93 . int . eddie 's calgary bedroom - day on a tv monitor , Dr. Benjamin pensotti of the eventing Safety Commission explain : dr . pensotti ( on tv ) while the wind be this high , we have decide the less experience jumper should not jump . eddie High wind ? that 's not even a stiff breeze . dr . pensotti ( on tv ) it 's nothing personal . it 's strictly a question of safety . Eddie switch channel in disgust . all he get be a news report on the british athlete do they photo call . and a episode of Dallas dub into french . and randomly , the jamaican bobsleigh team go down on they head . int . olympic village - night Endless fluorescent - light corridor . Eddie contemplate the content of a vend machine — Big Turk , coffee crunch ... his finger stray to the button to make a selection only to be interrupt loudly by a ' polite 's cough . it 's peary , fresh off the plane , still with he travel bag . he look Eddie up and down , none too impressed . peary '' Eddie the fuck Eagle . '' Eddie 's never hear such reassure word . int . eddie 's calgary bedroom - night peary and Eddie get to work set up base camp in the kitchenette — ski wax , green diet drink , harness , etc . eddie it can not be like the senior jump . it have to be a real jump . 94 , peary I would not be here otherwise . int . HOTEL bedroom - night the 90m tower , all light up like a fortress . janette look out from she hotel window , try to hide she nerve and fail badly . Terry sit at the bureau , customize a shiny new ski helmet . terry get some sleep , pet . I get it cover . he pop open a tin of varnish . dip in a brush . int . eddie 's calgary bedroom - night Eddie 's single bed lie empty , stripped of its blanket . nearby , a fold - out bed stand unopen . instead , Eddie and peary lie side by side on the floor , just like in the caravanette . the wind whistle outside , flap the curtain . neither one can sleep and they have to acknowledge it . eddie have a cigarillo if you want . peary it 's just jetlag . ( no it 's not ) Eddie fidget noisily . peary reach out to stop he . eddie I can not help it . he really can not . he rush to the toilet . heaves violently into the bowl . peary have he own nerve to deal with . his hand hover over the flask in he bag ... somehow he refrain . Eddie wax he skis ... just like he dad plaster the top of a low wall . eddie ( cont 'd ) peary ? 95 . peary eduardo . eddie thanks for come . peary what be you go to do ? jumping 's my sistine Chapel and you be my brush . Eddie heave one last time . get back into he sleep bag , pale as a sheet . outside the wind howl remorselessly . eddie you ever get the feel you have make the biggest mistake of you life ? his question hang in the air . they continue to lie there , lose in they private hope and fear . we fade to black . we fade back up : '' six hour later . '' Eddie and peary be still stare at the ceiling , only now the first ray of dawn be peeping through the curtain . peary get to he foot and extend a finger : listen . eddie ( cont 'd ) what be it ? he can not hear anything . which be precisely peary 's point . Eddie scramble to he foot and pull back the curtain . a clear blue sky . not a flag flutter anywhere . eddie ( cont 'd ) they can not use the weather as a excuse now , can they . peary set out Eddie 's breakfast , a glass of green sludge . peary neither can we . int . calgary corridor - day Olympic official go down the hall , deliver sheet of paper at each door with a sharp knock . 96 . official klauser . start time ... puikkonen . start time ... Edwards . start time ... Eddie open he door to collect he start time and find he parent wait there awkwardly . janette we want to give you this . she hold out a airport shopping bag . eddie you duty free ? Terry pull out the new ski helmet now customize with the word '' Eagle '' on the front in gold . eddie ( cont 'd ) it 's a helmet . janette a safety helmet . Terry throw she a look : I 'il handle this . terry I put some styrofoam inlay panel at the key pressure point and a few extra coat of shellac polyurethane for general reinforcement . he hand the helmet to Eddie , point out he handiwork . eddie good think . janette you can not be too careful . Terry throw she another look : I say , I will handle it . terry we just want to wish you luck . that 's all . Eddie run a hand over the helmet . eddie top quality finish , dad. 97 . janette can not hide she fear any longer . she hug Eddie so tightly he can barely breathe . janette oh Eddie — Terry glare furiously at he wife , betray he own nerve more than anything else . terry I think we agree to play it cool ! ext . calgary stadium - day fan stream into the stadium . finally , it 's D - Day . a row of global tv commentator — each one excitably report in he native tongue . apart from the lugubrious fellow with a blonde beard . what a surprise . it 's swedish tv . ron pickering that be Bruce " Blizzard " sassoon , the american , open he account with a distance of 109.5 meter . int . calgary changing - room - day '' ahhhhhhhhh . '' the applause of the crowd echoe from outside as Eddie warm up , peary massage he calf . peary I want to hear you at the back of the stand . if you be not yell it , you be not sell it — Waters drip on the floor . peary be suddenly eye to eye with a couple of naked swede . whoa . swede you be quite the popular fellow , Eagle - man . every time we turn on tv , you be there . swede # 2 maybe , perhaps , you could tell we ... what be the secret ? peary clothes . a klaxon sound for the next jump . 98 . ext . calgary stadium - day janette and Terry take they seat . her knitted sweater say , " I be Eddie 's mum . " int . calgary changing - room - day peary get Eddie to he foot . peary and remember : you be go to land so much harder on this jump . so when you skis hit the slope keep that fanny up . whatever it take , do not drop back otherwise ... a huge gasp go up from the crowd . the tv monitor show a jump have go horribly wrong — a monster wipe - out on the slope . peary ( os ) ( cont ’d ) otherwise , you be go to be join he . out in the stand janette and Terry watch in horror as medic stretcher off the injure jumper . it 's a break limb at the least . int . tv gantry - day canuck anchorman and that may not be the only wipe - out of the day . not with Britain 's Eddie '' the Eagle '' Edwards come up soon . take a look at this . they run footage of peary arrive with Eddie earlier . canuck anchorman ( cont ’d ) Eddie 's coach be none other than bronson peary , fall whiz kid of ' 70 ski-jump and a old Olympic squad member of yours , if I be not mistaken , Warren ? warren sharp we have a few year together . 99 . superimpose : '' Warren sharp , former US Olympic coach . '' a live legend , no question . and not a man to waste word . canuck anchorman how do you feel about this unconventional return ? sharp flatten out he palm , not unprepare for the question . warren sharp there 's a old expression in jump . ' you be never bigger than the hill . 's that be bronson peary to a T . and it break my heart . I could never reach he . he be such a natural talent when he be young . technique , flair — everything but discipline and humility . canuck anchorman and now ? sharp ponder the question deeply . finally — warren sharp he disrespect the sport so totally as a jumper , I be just sad he 's go to do the same thing today as a coach . int . calgary changing - room - day the change - room have fall silent . peary turn from the tv monitor to find the whole room stare at he . he do not even attempt to make light of it . a official enter and point at he and Eddie . you. next . int . calgary stadium - day Eddie and peary be ushere down the tunnel , two silhouettes head towards the rise wall of noise . one last glance at each other before they step out into the light . ext . calgary stadium - day electric excitement pulse through the athlete and official ' backstage , 's include a british contingent . 100 . one by one , they start to recognize Eddie . so this be the infamous Eagle . peary steer Eddie through the gauntlet of stare , feel the mount pressure . he get to the check - in desk . hand over they paperwork . mouth like cotton . they pass through to the elevator at the base of the tower . Eddie 's not sure what to do . so peary lean over and press the button — just like a regular elevator . ext . calgary stadium - day down in the stand , Eddie 's parent feel the buzz in the crowd . official hurry into position . tv crew from every country get the countdown . ext . calgary 90m jump / elevator - day as the elevator descend , peary check Eddie 's equipment for the last time . the door open with a hiss . it 's all happen too fast . peary clasp Eddie 's arm . a complicated last look : fear , affection , resolve . a coach 's complete faith in he pupil . peary you know what to do . he thump Eddie 's chest , just like in they first lesson . peary ( cont 'd ) Linda Gray . all or nothing . Eddie back onto the elevator , join by another athlete , who 's just stroll up . as the door hiss shut — peary ( cont 'd ) see you at the bottom . but the word be too late . all peary can do now be step backwards and tilt he head back to look up ... and up ... and up ... it be truly a concrete monster of a jump . 101 . int . calgary 90m jump / elevator - day Inside , the roar of the crowd be eerily distant . just the rhythmic hum of the winch cable ascend into the sky . Eddie stare ahead , try to keep calm . suddenly - male voice jumping be all that matter . if I do not jump , I would drink and have sex all the time . Eddie turn and blink . it be matti nykanen . his caravanette poster make flesh . blonde , boyish and surprisingly small ( 5ft 8in ) , which throw Eddie even more . nykanen everything else be shit , no ? Eddie search for a suitable reply . eddie «+. congratulation on you medal . nykanen I win gold , but it be not my best . if I have do my best , I could have come last and be happier . eddie what , like I ? his strain laugh be quickly silence . nykanen you do not do so good either . eddie no , not so good . nykanen you have do better . eddie ( a chastise schoolboy ) yes. nykanen you laugh . you think I be be patronize . ( more ) 102 . nykanen ( cont 'd ) ( Eddie 's not laugh at all ) but you and I be like one o'clock and eleven o'clock . nykanen extend two glove finger to demonstrate . a v-sign over Eddie 's nose . nykanen ( cont 'd ) closer to each other than to the other . win , lose — that 's for the little people . he rotate he v-sign so a finger now point at each of they . nykanen ( cont 'd ) Men like we , we jump to free we soul . Eddie stare back , frankly bewilder . the door hiss open . nykanen do not move . eddie -+. I think this be we floor . he still do not get it . nykanen lean in and grasp Eddie 's lapel . nykanen the only two jumper with a chance to make history today be you and I . his stare be rich with self - loathing and threat . nykanen ( cont 'd ) if we do less than we best with the whole world watch , it will kill we inside for all time . and with that cheery parting think , he step out . ext . calgary 90m jump - day peary hurry down to he viewpoint , pass under the gaze of he old coach in the tv gantry box . ron pickering here he come , the Flying Finn . matti nykanen get into position to go for a unprecedented second gold for jump . 103 . Eddie be instruct to wait on the bench . but he can not help peer over as nykanen set off , hurtle down the jump . it be a nigh perfect jump : 118.5 m . Alpine poetry in motion . the commentator be in rapture . the crowd applaud like crazy . Eddie be momentarily relieved — it be like a bless — until he see the close - up of nykanen 's face on the monitor , the tiny tell hint of disappointment . nykanen turn he pierce blue-ey stare into the camera — right into Eddie 's soul . official Edwards ! ext . calgary 90m jump / start platform - day Eddie move onto the start platform . and now it all become terrifyingly real . the horizon start to sway . the sound of scratching echoe in he head . his knee go weak and he stomach heave . it 's just like the last time he be on the 90 . he spit into he steam - up goggle , but nothing come out . the official lock Eddie into position as he stare down the monstrous ramp . no wind . no snow . no creak metal . just the die rumble of the crowd — the whole world — fall silent as they wait for he to fail . his pupil , he neighbor , the builder , the local kid — all glue to they set . ext . calgary 90m jump - day picker drop he voice to a whisper as we pull back - and back - and back - to see the full magnitude of Eddie 's task — a 90 m sheer drop , as high as a tower block . ron pickering the jump here at Calgary be a doubly tricky one . the short tabletop give the jumper less time than normal to get align for the push off . and the slope be a steeper than average 38 degree . a ' high - tech 's 80s graphic illustrate the steepness . 104 . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) in short , it 's the fastest , most unforgive slope in the world , especially when it come to landing . and if Edwards have one weakness — one salient weakness , I should say — it 's he landing . ext . calgary 90m jump / start platform - day Eddie grip the rail , inching into position as the amber light come on . ron pickering okay . here we go ... but Eddie do not move . at all . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) do not tell I he 's freeze up . actually , it 's worse . Eddie 's shuffle back . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) it 's go to have to be a re-set . this be it for Edwards . last and final chance . Eddie re-focus , sweat bead on he forehead . the light turn amber and then green , burn in front of he . peary come on , you bugger , get move . Eddie push off , crouching low , pick up speed . the wind pummel he cheek as he hit 30 - 40 - 50 mph . a glorious , terrifying view spread out below he ... he hurtle into the tabletop . knee juddering over the ridge ice . go the fastest he 's ever sky in he life . ron pickering here go Edwards into the straight . he 's get to pick he moment just right - peary urge Eddie into he lift-off . peary push . up and out . up and out . 105 . Eddie stretch for he life , strain into the wind , as he skis shoot off the ramp edge . ron pickering he 's away , but it be late . that be very late . that 's go to cause all kind of problem . janette and Terry hold each other tight in the crowd . Eddie 's ski-tip swing up to he face — dangerously close . he 's lean forward . Way forward . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) oh no . he 's go to lose he balance . his pupil go wide - eye . janette turn away , unable to look . ext . calgary stadium - day Eddie grit he tooth as he reach the pinnacle of he flight . still no sound come from he mouth . ron pickering how he 's go to make this landing , I do not know . peary release ! but Eddie 's still not yell anything as - he flap he arm desperately — still no sound come from he mouth — as he start to fall - target 's cold eye burn into he brain ... peary ( cont 'd ) come on , release ! peary thump he chest . ron pickering he 's come in too steeply , surely . the slope rush upwards beneath he shudder ski tip ... as Eddie see wilma rudolph smash through the finish tape and he finally summon up he voice and let rip — eddie abhhhhhhhhhhhhhbhh ... 106 . drown out every rejection , every setback . peary abhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbhhh !!! builder / pupil / kide ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!! eddie abhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbhhh !!! his skis slam into the snow , he whole body rocked with the impact ... just like jump milk crate on he bicycle . ron pickering oh no ! janette and Terry wince . the crowd gasp . Eddie 's butt have drop , he arm be flail , but he 's still scream ... eddie abhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! !! target start to smile with vindication ... some of the commentator too . but peary refuse to concede defeat . peary up! up! Eddie give one final agonizing push and with all he might , lift he body back upwards to crest the safety bump and shoot he arm into the air . it 's good . he 's safe . he 's make it . peary ( cont 'd ) ( leaping the barrier ) ahhhhhhh , you motherf ----- ron pickering unbelievable ! unbelievable . janette and Terry whoop and holler , send they neighbor 's popcorn fly . ext . calgary 90m jump / slope - day peary rush to Eddie as he skis to a stop . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! it 's a two - man primal meltdown . 107 . ron pickering I have be wait nearly two week to say this . well , here go — the Eagle have land ! the crowd roar and cheer , loving every second as peary and Eddie hug and topple over into the snow . everyone 's let rip . the swedish coach even give a curt nod to lar . not bad . the only person conspicuously not watch this be target . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) Britain 's Eddie Edwards have complete he large hill jump — and it 's a belter . a small jump for mankind , a very small jump , but it 's a personal best in competition for Edwards — 71.5 meter . and that be a new british record . peary and Eddie get control of themselves until they see the result flash up : '' 71.5 m ... a new UK record . '' peary turn to catch Warren sharp 's reaction , up in the commentary box . but sharp be already remove he headphone and leave ... peary 's disappointment be sweep aside by Eddie hugging he all over again , fall onto the snow . ron pickering ( cont ’d ) what a sight . what a amazing sight . int . dressing room - day Eddie and peary tumble into the dress room . Eddie go straight for the jaffa cake only to notice the mute watchful glance from the other athlete ... alert they to the august presence wait by they locker . Warren sharp , as they live and breathe . his aura be even more impressive in the flesh , almost religious in effect . his eye meet peary 's . the forbid father and the outcast son . a electrically charge reunion 20 year in the make . sharp slowly reach into peary 's bag . Eddie stiffen .... but instead of a flask , sharp pull out peary 's copy of sharp word . notice the many comment scrawle in the margin . 108 . warren sharp interesting read ? peary manage a nod . peary very ... he 's actually lose for word . warren sharp instructive ? sharp pull out a thick mont blanc pen . inscribe the title page . the room be so quiet , everyone can hear the pen scratch . he finish and hand peary the book , consider he former athlete , and the man he 's become . warren sharp ( cont 'd ) I be wrong about you today . no more word be need . the atonement be complete . he give peary 's shoulder a paternal squeeze , pent - up emotion flooding across peary 's face . the soothing hum of a plane fade up , take they home - int . plane - night Eddie and peary in steerage , utterly drain , utterly content , enjoy it all — drink , snack , headphone and a copy of the Calgary Herald . eddie '' the most raucous applause come during Olympic President Juan Antonio samaranch 's speech at the close ceremony when he say , '' some competitor have win gold and some have break record , and one have even fly like a eagle ... '' peary dig out he copy of sharp word and flip to the title page . peary I think I can match that . he show Eddie the handwritten inscription . 109 . eddie '' now the real work begin - w.s . '' peary pick up he glass of bubbly . peary so how about it ? to the next four year ? Eddie pick up he glass of milk . eddie at the least . they clink and drink , not notice the ominous blur of green make its way towards they from first class . voice they have hanger , you know . it 's target . he move aside Eddie 's fold - up blazer up on the empty seat . sit down on the arm . target it 's only fair to tell you . a motion have already be approve to amend the entry criterion for the next Olympic . he pause to savor the killer blow . target ( cont 'd ) you will never be wear this blazer again . he shift closer , free at last to say what he really think . target ( cont 'd ) you think because a few tv pundit find you antic amusing , you have do something to be proud of . but you come last — twice . you make fool of you countryman . you embarrassed you flag . when you get home , you be go to find out how funny that really be . int . heathrow terminal 4 - day a endless terminal corridor , down which Eddie push he baggage cart , peary alongside , the blazer rest on he bag . 110 . it be a desolate place . jetlagge passenger shuffle like zomby . except the odd one who whisper and point at Eddie . up ahead at custom , target be surround by he gleam downhill boy . all spruce up in they blazer . they point out Eddie to some custom official . peary my connection 's Terminal 3. eddie time for a coffee then . before Eddie can follow peary , the officer approach he . custom officer this way , sir . Eddie be take to one side while target and he chinless wonder be escort through . eddie what 's the matter ? custom officer if you just come with I , we can explain it all . peary be tell to keep move . '' nothing to see here . '' another official arrive to take Eddie 's bag and skis . lead he into a sideroom — Eddie , a german shepherd and two custom official alone in a tiny room . eddie it 's not a drug test be it ? the officer share a wry glance , which be really unnerve . eddie ( cont 'd ) ' cos I can tell you now , I have never take a steroid in my life - a far door open and a forbid senior official enter . senior custom official this be he be it ? righty -o . let 's get this move . he gesture firmly for Eddie to follow he . senior custom official ( cont ’d ) this way , sir . 111. Eddie , he nerve already at break point , be steer forward through the second door and he jaw hit the floor . int . heathrow arrival - day a thousand people be wait for he . cramme in with banner , flag , foam finger , stetson . there 's woman in bikinis from a vodka company , tv camera , he local Mayor . his whole life before he eye : he parent , Julie , the neighbor , the builder . all there for he . this be not the polite amusement of the Calgary crowd . this be a full - on folk hero explosion . the great stonewash . not the prettiest bunch in the world , but the most ador . eddie bloody ada . janette give he the proudest hug of she life , tear up , as well - wisher gather round and flashbulb explode . terry alright , alright , calm down . Terry take he turn to hug Eddie only to tear up even more . terry ( cont 'd ) now look what you make I do . eddie ( dabbing he own eye now ) I ? you start it . everywhere he look — delirious face wear pink Eddie - style glass . hanging over balcony , clamber onto check - in counter . even some policeman be craning they neck for a better look . some of the british athlete be there too , sweep along by chaotic energy of the crowd . give it up . one team - mate to another . Eddie catch target 's face , tight - lipped with rage , as he aide and the downhill squad mutinously join in clap . a equally amaze peary join the fold as one of the tabloid Reporters stick a microphone under target 's nose . 112. bluff journalist Mr. target ! the one british athlete be acclaimed as a hero be the very person you do not want to compete . any comment ? target piss off . Eddie and peary turn from this clinching irony to face each other and the emotion be overwhelming — relief , joy , vindication ... the crowd hoist Eddie onto its shoulder , lift he into full view . the effect be like a win goal . he can not decide whether to smile or cry . so he do both , wave and wave . for Eddie , finally , the dream have come true . he give the V - for-victory sign — the reverse of what he 's be give since he be a kid — as we freeze - frame and immortalize what have just turn into the great day of he life . superimpose : '' Eddie continue to jump in european contest and eventually retire with a personal best of 115 m — a new british record . '' the end