edward ford by lem dobb int . a car - day the driver 's name be edward ford , a man in he late forty . in the passenger seat be luke , early twenty . edward ford Jerry tucker ... shirley coate Paul newlan ... Mary nash luke come on -- get to people I have hear of . Edward Ford refuse to be hurried . he speak in a most deliberate manner . edward ford erville alderson ... Louis natheaux luke ( sigh ) oh God edward ford clarence kolb ... Peggy Stewart -- now , I coulda do thing with she . in fact , I see she a couple year ago out in Glendale and she do not look half bad . Henry brandon . luke Henry brandon , now we be cookin' . edward ford Harry davenport ... ( luke still shake he head ) porter Hall ... luke ( think ) porter Hall ... edward ford Ralph Morgan ... Henry o'neil ... Bob burn luke ( sarcastic , never hear of he ) Bob burn . edward ford Robert cumming . luke the Robert cumming ? edward ford uh-huh . luke you be sure I know what you be do . edward ford oh yeah . luke okay . edward ford John mack Brown . luke John macbrown ? edward ford you know he , do n'tcha ? luke John Mac -- you mean johnny mack Brown ? edward ford yeah . luke oh , okay . Big help . edward ford Lloyd nolan . luke Lloyd nolan. ( rack he brain ) shit . edward ford france dee. luke ooh ! uh -- uh -- ( snap finger ) " western unio - " -- no -- " Union Pacific ! " edward ford nope. luke no ? edward ford ( really rub it in ) Joel mccrea . luke Joel mccrea ? edward ford uh-huh . luke it 's not " Union Pacific ? " edward ford ( shake he head ) give up ? luke oh ! fuck ! uh ... " Wells fargo ! " edward ford you get it . luke I never see that . he look out the window . Edward Ford drive . wait . edward ford you turn . luke ( try to think of a movie ) uh ... edward ford want I to go again ? luke Pierre brasseur . edward ford hey , c'mon now , you can not do no foreign film . luke ( seriously this time ) uh ... Mike kellin . edward ford " Hell be for heroes . " ( luke just look at he ) do I get it ! ( laugh ) do I get it ? he really cackle . luke look out the window again in disgust . luke ( turn to he ) you know what I be gonna do ? this be go to be the first scene of the movie . just this , right here . driving along . edward ford ( put on a anguish face and voice ) you be not really gonna write that , be ya ? luke it 's go to be my next opus . edward ford huh ? luke my next biggie . edward ford well if you write a movie about I , I want a part in it . luke of course . I will not sell it unless you get a part in it . not that anyone will want to buy it . edward ford and you gotta change my name . luke maybe . edward ford uh-uh -- you gotta change my name . I be gettin ' real nervous about this . luke . I be gettin ' awful nervous . luke what do you care ? -- we will make sure you get a part in it -- you will get into the screen actor 's Guild -- that 's a good enough swap , be not it ? edward ford you just change the name . luke I will give it careful consideration . edward ford ( put on he " tough guy " voice ) ' Cause if you do not change you friend 's name , you friend will be very uneasy . luke ( laugh ) all this be go in ! everything you say from now on . in fact , I be go to start taping you . edward ford that will be the day . luke you can just repeat all the highlight of you life like you like to do . edward ford I think you should open it on a shot of L.A. , y'know -- and then you hear a phone ringing , and you see a completely dark room -- completely dark -- and then you hear a hand fumble for the telephone -- luke do you know how many time that 's be do ? -- do you have any idea -- edward ford it 's better than you open . if you have this as the beginning of the movie then everyone will know it 's about I ! they will see my name in the cast ! luke no , but they will not know who you be do not you see ? if you be use you real name and they do not know what part you be play . that 's the beauty of it -- because it set up a suspense element right away . all through the movie people be gonna be wonder who the real guy be . who could be this person ? edward ford ( mumble ) I think you would better write something else . luke you time have come , Ford . edward ford you be just gonna put in all the filthy stuff . luke laugh uproariously . edward ford ( cont 'd ) well , you would better just change the name , that 's all -- or I will sue ya . I will sue ya . CUT . " edward ford " the early sixties ext . a movie theatre - los angele - evening the marquee say in flake black letter : big triple f_ turt . the sky be still light . Edward Ford wait for the man in front of he to purchase he ticket , then step forward to put down he own money . int . movie theatre - night what be once a grand old theatre be now a shit pile . the audience be comprise mostly of sleep bum , though a few be still awake . smoke drift up into the foul air froma number of cigarettes , they light tip glow here and there like star in the dark . on the screen a bad print of a Wild Bill elliot western be be show . Edward Ford be sit in a seat . he look just about the same , he hair be simply a little darker and slightly more plentiful . on the screen a actor make he entrance . Edward Ford take a small notebook and ballpoint pen from he shirt pocket and write the actor 's name down . a altercation begin between two bum somewhere at the back . Edward Ford keep watch the movie . a bottle roll past he down the aisle . a little later the western end . Edward Ford watch with interest , nodd to himself unconsciously and almost imperceptibly . a curtain close over the screen squeakily and jerkily . the theatre get a tiny bit less dim . Edward Ford leave he seat to go to the Men 's room . the Men 's room be locate down at the front , so he have to walk all the way down the aisle and across the theatre under the screen to get to it . the other member of the audience make catcall at he and one or two cigarette butt sail in he direction . Edward Ford push open the door he need to go through . int . dark corridor - night a man more prone to change the expression on he face than Edward Ford would probably be demonstrate some form of distaste at this point , but the fact that this corridor have undoubtedly be take for the Men 's room by patron unwilling or unable to walk its length be a fact Edward Ford be apparently by now harden against . he go through another door , this one indeed bear the legend : men' R om . int . men' room - night pitch black . the figure of Edward Ford can just barely be make out . his hand grope for a light switch but can not find one . he mumble a little to himself . he start to shuffle he way over to where he sense the urinal might be . the SOUND of a zip be hear , follow by the SOUND of what would logically follow -- for some considerable time -- finally dwindling . then the zip again . Edward Ford start to leave . but now a low drunken grumble come forth : grumble goddamn ... sonuvabitch ... tooka piss on I and a shadowy figure loom up and shove past a startle Edward Ford . int . cozy theatre - night back in he seat , Edward Ford look around nervously before the next picture commence . CUT . int . factory - day toaster component move along a conveyor belt . various hand engage in the kind of utterly mindless menial work that will culminate in the construction of the final product somewhere along the line sit Edward Ford . he look across the conveyor belt . a woman be work opposite he ( mitzi ) she be a cross between a badly - preserve child performer of long ago and something you might find in a primeval swamp . Edward Ford smile at she . CUT . int . movie theatre - night a more respectable theatre this time . Edward Ford and mitzi appear . Edward Ford start walk down the aisle as usual but mitzi stay where she be . Edward Ford go back to she . mitzi I like to sit in the back row . edward ford oh. well. okay . he follow she as she lead the way to two seat . he 's obviously displease at have to sit this far away from the screen . a little later Edward Ford mark down a name in he notebook as the projector beam streak above he . mitzi ( turn to see what he 's do ) whadaya doin ' ? CUT . ext . hollywood - night the two of they walk . Edward Ford be a good deal taller than mitzi . edward ford see , I write down the actor ' name in my little book there ' cause sometimes they be not always credit . mitzi you write down when Richard egan come on - - he be the star of the movie . edward ford well , I wanna get ‘em in order of appearance , too . mitzi what for ? I mean , who care ? edward ford well , y'know , I keep file card at home and I type out card on all the player , y'know -- how many picture I see ‘em in , and what theatre I see ‘em at . mitzi that 's a weird hobby . edward ford it keep I busy . mitzi how many movie have you see ? edward ford oh , gee -- I would not wanna guess . I start my file card in 1948 . if you figure I be goin ' every Saturday night mitzi you only go on Saturday night ? 10 . edward ford that 's right . mitzi you wanna be a actor too , huh ? edward ford that 's right . mitzi have you be in anything yet ? edward ford oh , I only be in Hollywood now for two month -- I be waitin ' to hear from agent I send my picture to . edward ford' face as they walk the next half block without anything more to say to each other . the pair of they arrive at the stoop of she crappy apartment building . mitzi well . edward ford maybe you would like to go to the show with I again . mitzi ( noncommittal shrug ) I will see you at work anyhow . edward ford oh yeah . mitzi where you goin ' now ? edward ford I be livin ' at the y. right now -- but next week I will have my own place . CUT . ext . edward ford' apartment house - day another cheap building . 11 . int . edward ford' apartment - day a extremely cheap place . a basic old couch , table and chair . Edward Ford appear , carry a few small filing cabinet over to a corner where he stack they on some other already there . then he stand back to look at they . a little later in a corner , Edward Ford sit at a small roll - top desk hunch over a ancient typewriter . he tap out letter with one finger as he work on a index card . the card be Richard egan's . the title " esther and the King " have just be add to he list . Edward Ford remove that card , insert a new one of a different color , and begin type the full cast of the film . his small work lamp the only light in the otherwise dark apartment , the figure in the corner continue to peck slowly at the key . CUT . ext . a SMALL church - day typical Spanish mission style in the heart of old Hollywood . singing be hear from within . int . church - day the congregation sit down , hymn finish . at the front the minister gesture to Edward Ford , who 's sit in the first row , to join he . Edward Ford stand , somewhat sheepishly . minister I want you all to meet Edward Ford . Edward be join out church today . he 's come to we from a town call Coventry in the state of delaware . the congregation clap . Edward Ford nod hello at they . minister ( cont 'd ) Edward have come here to be a actor in the movie . I be sure we wish he all the best . ( hand he a document ) here be you certificate , Edward . welcome to we church . edward ford ( shake hand ) thank you . 12 . minister go in peace . CUT . ext . a SMALL theatre - day at the stage door a paper be post that say " audition . " next to it stand a young actor . next to he stand another and another . and another the line go halfway around the block . some of the expectant face be mouth the monologue they have prepare . all the face seem quite typical of the trade . then Edward Ford 's face be reach . he : wait patiently , smoking a cigarette . int . theatre - day a actor speak from the stage . actor -- I have prepare a read from gorky 's " lower depth . " ext . theatre - day the line move slowly as only a few at a time be ushere in . Edward Ford wait quietly and not nervously . a girl next to he murmur she line to the sky then stop , stymy , have to look down at she paperback strindberg . the little sidewalk bake as the day grow hotter . Edward Ford be stop at the door as the few ahead of he be allow in . the actor behind he give Edward Ford a cursory look . int . theatre Edward Ford have make it to the stage . edward ford my name be Edward Ford . in the darkness of the theatre , two weary man sit watch . director what be you go to do for we ? edward ford when confront by strange authority speak in a rather obsequious way . 13 . edward ford I be gonna do a scene from " Son of frankenstein . " silence . director' voice I be sorry , from what ? edward ford from " Son of frankenstein , " the 1939 motion picture star basil rathbone , boris karloff -- director' voice okay -- go ahead . Edward Ford get himself in character . which do not get he very far . edward ford this be the classic speech give by lionel atwill . ( begin ) " it be the most vivid recollection of my life . I be but a child at the time . about the age of you own son , her ( sic ) Baron . the monster have escape and be ravaging the countryside . maiming . terrorize . one night he ... " a man alone in the limelight . milk it for all it be worth . the voice he put on -- not a lionel atwill imitation -- be he " act " voice . the expression he now put on be he " acti expression . both be considerably exaggerated , in the manner of b-movie bad - guy convention circa 1949 . this be not a parody , however . the performance be deliver with utmost seriousness . Edward Ford also have a particular stock - in - trade ; he be fond of twitching " psychotically , " a device of characterization he use not exactly sparingly , but somehow selectively , he own way perhaps of fill in the pause while he catch he breath . edward ford ( cont 'd ) burst into we house . my father take a gun and fire at he . but the savage brute send he crash to a corner . then -- he grab I by the arm .... one do not easily forget , her Baron . a arm tear out by the root . " at least it be hard to take one 's eye off he . 14 . the director and colleague they can not . edward ford his own eye malevolently wide , tooth gritt , spitting the final word out . edward ford ( shaking he head ) " no , I ... my lifelong ambition be to have be a soldier . but for this , I , who command seven gendarme in a little mountain village ... might have be a General . " pause . and then he be himself again . he wait . director' voice we have you number , do we ? edward ford oh yeah . yes , you do . director' voice thank you very much . Edward Ford peer into the gloom with a nod , and go , start to walk the wrong way before turn to walk the other . the director and colleague still stare at the stage after he 's go . director where do they get they idea ? the other man shrug , shaking he head . CUT . edward ford - day sitting quietly on a bench . pulling back , the bench be reveal to be in a long laundromat . Edward Ford sit and watch he underwear spin in the dryer . CUT . 15 . int . supermarket - day Edward Ford methodically push he cart along , consulting a shopping list and check coupon in he hand . at the refrigerate meat section he select a packet of cheap hamburger . at the freeze section he stack up a pile of exactly six tv dinner . he go right past the fresh fruit and vegetable section without stop once , disappear around the corner of the aisle . CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - day a file cabinet drawer be pull open . Edward Ford 's finger run through the card . edward ford okay , now , this be the card on player . he take one out , show it to mitzi . edward ford ( cont 'd ) see , now , for instance , here 's walter slezak 's card -- there 's walter . point to a small photo of walter slezak cut out from somewhere and cellotape onto the card in the top right hand corner . edward ford ( cont 'd ) and this be the picture I see he in , list by theatre . mitzi look around the apartment in a bored way as Edward Ford concentrate on the card . edward ford ( cont 'd ) and they be type in red if he play a bad guy and they get a little star by they if he get kill in it . mitzi how d'ya know what the movie be ? edward ford well , I do . but if you want a list of the movie I see he in you go to the corresponding card in here -- mitzi this be a really weird hobby . 16 . edward ford -- and that will give ya the individual title . he open another drawer , start go through the card . the card in each different section be of different color . edward ford ( cont 'd ) and this here be the theatre card . ( take a clump out ) this be all the movie I see at the Miracle theatre in South Carolina when I be in the Army . mitzi be not even listen . she 's finger the card in the previously - open drawer . mitzi they be not even in alphabetical order . Edward Ford turn to see she fiddling -- become nervous move back there himself , find a card to take out . edward ford no -- they be in the order I last use ‘em . like , I be not see minna gombell in a picture since July 15th , 1950 , so she card be near the back . but I know where they all be . mitzi do you have a card on yourself ? edward ford not yet . but that 's my dream , y'know -- to play a bad guy that get kill ina motion picture -- so 's I can type it in red with a little star by it . int . live room - night Edward Ford and mitzi sit at the table and each peel off the tin foil of a tv dinner . a little later the last bit of mashed potato be scrape from around the edge of its compartment with a fork . Edward Ford lip the fork clean . take a sip from he glass of milk . look at mitzi who 's also finish . edward ford do you enjoy that ? 17 . mitzi yeah . it be good . int . bedroom smaller than the live room which be very small . Edward Ford and mitzi get undress . this be not pleasant to watch . a little later as Edward Ford screw mitzi she yelp in a most alarming and loud and horrendous way . ext . edward ford' apartment build - night the SOUND of mitzi 's mate call can be hear from the street outside . int . bedroom Edward Ford clamp a hand over mitzi 's mouth to shut she up not otherwise pause in he exertion . CUT . ext . church - day as Edward Ford , wear a plain , ill-fitting suit , and mitzi , wear a dress as much of a eyesore as she be , come out of the doorway into the light of day , someone unseen in the dark on the other side of the threshold fling a handful of confetti at they . CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - evening the couple sit at the table and eat tv dinner for dinner . CUT . ext . edward ford' STREET - day they walk back toward the apartment Building , hold grocery bag . as they reach they house , Edward Ford stop . he 's spot a man ( lester ) who 's walk on the other side of the street . there 's the nearest thing to a look of awe on Edward Ford 's face . edward ford that 's lester Adams . 18 . mitzi who 's lester Adams ? edward ford that 's really lester Adams . mitzi who 's lester Adams ? edward ford he 's practically my favorite actor , for cryin ' out loud ! he 's on my Big six ! CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - day Edward Ford pace about , quite excited . edward ford the actor I see in the most motion picture be the Big six . I see lester Adams in a hundred and three movie -- he 's the heavy in practically all the great Republic western ! he must live around here ! mitzi why do not you talk to he ? edward ford oh , I do not know , y'know . mitzi he could give you some act tip . edward ford when I be a kid I write he a fan letter and he send I a autograph picture . mitzi or be you just gonna be a cabdriver the rest of you fuckin ' life ? edward ford I can not just go -- mitzi you would not even be that if I have not make you quit that stupid factory . edward ford yeah , but -- 19 . mitzi it 's who you know , you idiot , do not you know that ! edward ford well , I would love to meet the gentleman y'know -- mitzi do not you say you have to get into the actor 's Union ? edward ford the screen actor 's Guild . mitzi that 's the first thing you gotta do you say -- well this jackass can put you up for membership . edward ford you have to get a part to get you sag card . besides , he might not be in the mood - of - frame to -- mitzi get up and go to a phone book , start flipping through page . mitzi what 's this asshole 's name ? edward ford hey , now , he would not be in no phone book -- he 's a well - know actor -- he 's a big star in Japan and Mexico . mitzi what 's he name ? CUT . int . another sleazy apartment - day lester adam , a man not far from the old actor 's alcoholic death home , recline on he break - down sofa watch tv . a rotten T-shirt delineate he pot belly . sitting next to he be jed dobie , another veteran of the time when man be man and woman be Vera hruba ralston . while lester be rather lean and mean-look , there be something jovial about jed dobie and he big ole white beard and grizzly voice . 20 . jed then there be that thing we do over at monogram that time . lester that be a piece of crap . jed you would say that , of course . lester piece of crap . jed what be that little gal 's name on that one ? lester do not remember . jed you do not remember , huh ? lester listen , I fuck she when she be a star , when she be name - above - the-title . jed who get in there first -- lester she be day - work , for chrissake -- who do not screw she back then . then she do eight or nine of they moana or creamer of the jungle picture , whatever the hell they be , and she tightened up like a latigo whang . jed who have to break she in -- lester every producer on the lot have a -- jed who have to break she in for ya ! lester if I have a nickel for every time one of ‘em supposedly drop she pants for you the whole goddamn lot woulda go bare - ass , and I do not recall nothin ' bare - ass at monogram except the wage . 21 . jed how about the time you lose you britches when you boot get hang up in the stirrup - iron ! he hoot with laughter . lester listen -- sixteen fuckin ' chapter of " vigilante vs. the secret service " and who be dickin ' the wife of the studio chief breakfast , lunch , and dinner ! jed ( still laugh ) who the hell else want to ! there 's a knock at the door . lester reluctantly get up to answer it . edward ford and mitzi ford stand expectantly , dress in what they think be " nice " clothes . mitzi be slightly push a shuffle Edward Ford forward . ext . STREET - a old banger ext . sidewalk the car pull the window to CUT . evening of a car chug along . over and jed dobie get out , then lean back to say goodbye . jed pleasure to meet you , Edward . edward ford hey , no , gee -- I do not expect -- I mean , you guy be my all - time heroes . meetin ' two of my Big six in one day ! jed well , you come visit again , y'hear . edward ford I would sure like to -- thank you , jed. 22 . jed ( to lester ) I will talk to you later . int . car lester drive they away again . edward ford geez -- jed dobie and lester Adams in the same day . mitzi do not he like party ? lester he do not mind party . just Harry blake 's he be not partial to . CUT . int . harold blake' house ( bathroom ) - night harold blake be a rather dapper man , though slightly pudgy , with a babyish sort of face . he be in the unclean bathroom of he little house , take off he shirt , revealing a lacy black negligee underneath , the bottom half of it tuck into he trousers . needle and cotton and other item laid out next to he , he sit down to prepare he arm for a injection of heroin . int . MAIN house - night a party in progress . rarely have such a collection of genuine human oddity be gather in one place . everyone here be strictly grade - Z . they represent the true underbelly of Hollywood society , which do not speak well of they position in the world at large . the best -look woman here be some sort of secondary porn actress , the worst the most horrific type of hanger - on to lose dream , woman whose make - up exceed the weight of they mock jewelry and whose wardrobe seem to have come straight from transylvania . a man fatter than some whale read the palm of a derange - look boy , clutching it in he own sweaty mitt . some cheap bit player sit around kvetching and booz . a satanic diabolist light up a dubious cigarette . a age crone do a little dance . a albino laugh . this look like a wedding reception for tod brown and Diane arbus . Edward Ford now enter this melange , hold the hand of he wife . lester Adams lead the way ahead , already shaking hand with friend . 23 . elsewhere , harold blake come down a sagging staircase from upstairs , look rather breezy now , jacket and tie back on over he negligee . he smile at he guest , inquire after the good time he hope they be have . he be certainly capable of exude charm , however perverse a variety it may be . lester Adams introduce the Edward ford to folk . lester Harry 's wife Patty -- not a unattractive woman , actually . in a doorway a drunken man have he hand up the dress of a underage black girl . a little later Edward Ford sit stiffly with a drink in he hand next to harold blake . blake lester tell I you like western . edward ford well -- I be a avid b-western fan , but I like most all kind of motion picture especially old one . blake oh , I have direct two or three western -- lester star in ‘em . edward ford I have see two of they . blake but , you know , I be concentrate on contemporary subject now . you waste so much time with that damn horse . edward ford be you make a movie now ? blake well , I be try to raise the finance . edward ford uh-huh . a strange- look woman sit down next to Edward Ford on the armrest of the couch . 24 . woman hi , Harry . blake hey , johnny . woman joanie ! Edward Ford 's head swivel between the two of they . blake hey , show them you tit , John . woman I just do . blake well this folk have not see ‘em yet . woman Harry -- blake go ahead . woman all right , be everybody watch this time ? everybody answer in the affirmative . woman ( cont 'd ) okay . she lift she blouse to show she new knocker . people cheer and clap and laugh . she 's so proud . someone 's hand reach into view to feel one of they . woman ( cont 'd ) be not they great ? and they feel so natural . Harry blake laugh . mitzi Ford laugh . Edward Ford have he quintessential expression on he face , tempere only by slight queasiness . a little later boozy people dance to scratchy record . Edward Ford 's wife dance with someone who look like a magician . 25 . in the doorway the same drunken man now have the transsexual pin and have he hand up she dress . Edward Ford stand in a corner talk to actor laird breen . breen it 's tough , that 's all . I be not gonna paint you a rosy picture . you can not get in the Guild till you get a job and it 's hard to get a job unless you be in the Guild . I have be in the act game for ten year now and it 's hard . it 's hard . Edward Ford nod seriously . mitzi Ford be now dance with the albino . the weird old crone dance past they all by herself . lester Adams and harold blake laugh boisterously , drink from a share bottle . Edward Ford continue to submit to the expert . breen ( cont 'd ) but I wish you all the best and when you get that first line of dialogue you be welcome to give I a call and I will put you onto some people . edward ford well , I would really appreciate that . that would be swell . he think the thing to do be formally offer he hand . Laird breen accept it and Edward Ford shake solemnly . ext . harold blake' house - night it 's a bizarre kind of shack perch on a hillside ina cramped section of the eccentric old Los feliz district . twinkle light in the city below . Edward Ford and mitzi be on they way out , shaking hand with Patty blake . patty real glad you could come . mitzi thank you for have we . 26 . a far from sober pair appear behind the hostess -- lester Adams and harold blake . blake you go already ? edward ford I have to get up early for work . lester extend a hand for Edward Ford to shake . lester listen , glad to have meet ya . edward ford it be my privilege . I hope I can see you again sometime . lester you bet . we will talk about all they old picture . edward ford we sure will . they be start down the front step now , wave bye- bye . harold blake call back inside he still - lively and noisy house . blake hey , do you show them you tit ? the edward ford as they walk away on the sidewalk . mitzi they be nice people . edward ford yes , they be . CUT . int . a movie theatre - night mitzi go toward she choose seat in the back row . Edward Ford look longingly down at the front then reluctantly follow he wife , make quite a childish face as he go . 27 . int . a office - day Edward Ford squint at some script page as he ham it up against a bare white wall . two casting people give each other a look . int . supermarket - day Edward Ford push the shopping cart as mitzi make the selection . she stack up double the amount of tv dinner . ext . supermarket parking lot - day while mitzi wait in it , Edward Ford load they second -hand car with the grocery . a blonde California surfer - type in a supermarket uniform be collect shopping cart . as he try to pry two of they loose he wallet fall out of he pocket . he bend to pick up the wallet -- push back inside the screen actor 's Guild card that slip out . int . edward ford' apartment ( bedroom ) - day Edward Ford and he wife engage in sexual intercourse , Edward Ford 's hand clamp over he wife 's mouth . int . church - day Edward Ford and he wife sing along with the other hymnster . int . another movie theatre - night the Edward ford , in the back row , watch a movie . Edward Ford glance past he wife -- at the black man a few seat distant who 's stare at mitzi and jack off . Edward Ford exchange seat with he wife , place himself between she and she admirer . int . edward ford' apartment ( kitchen ) - evening Edward Ford slide two tv dinner out of they packet and into the oven . live room they eat they tv dinner in silence , Edward Ford with a glass of milk , mitzi with two beer can . the tv be on . newscaster actor lester Adams dead tonight at the age of sixty - two . 28 . int . lester adam ' apartment - evening lester and jed be sit on the couch , watch the same newscast . they look at each other newscaster lester be a big star in Japan and Mexico . int . laundromat - day Edward Ford , here without mitzi , put clothes into the machine . when the next batch he hand clutches turn out to be item of fat female underwear he look around embarrassed . int . edward ford' apartment ( bedroom ) - night they have move the tv in here . Edward Ford and he spouse sit up watch it , as much space between they as the small double bed allow . on the tv , the same newscaster , humiliate , interview a grim ( probably drunk ) lester Adams . newscaster what can I say , lester ? this rumor get start and we report they . int . another movie theatre - night near the front sit Edward Ford , look up at the screen . he look down to write in he notebook while in the back row sit mitzi . int . theatre lobby - night they both stand smoking cigarettes . edward ford how would you like that one ? mitzi it be okay . edward ford well , y'know , I do not really like movie that knock we government . but I be lookin ' forward to this next one . int . theatre - night mitzi in the back row . 29 . Edward Ford near the front , the light of the movie glow over he . int . edward ford' apartment - night Edward Ford come in the front door , go into the kitchen , unclip a change - make machine from he belt and put it on the table . also he shirt picket pen-holder that say on it : yellow cab 5 year driver of merit . CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - day while Edward Ford put on a clean shirt , mitzi , look through the window out at the street , see she first husband approach . mitzi my first husband 's comin ' up the street edward ford ( appear from bedroom ) oh , not again -- it 's almost showtime . a little later the first husband , a real brute , hold a chicken , be block the front doorway that Edward Ford want to get through . edward ford now , look , I have not get time for this . I have to get to the show . he try to shove past , but brute get he in a half - nelson hold . Edward Ford squeeze he chicken . brute tear the shirt right off Edward Ford 's back . they sidestep around the room . mitzi watch . Edward Ford , turn blue , reach up to pinch brute 's eye . brute scream . Edward Ford keep pinching the eye , then let go . brute fall to the floor , shouting in agony . Edward Ford look at he watch anxiously and quickly go to fetch another shirt . mitzi you just gonna leave he here for I to deal with ! edward ford ( buttone hurriedly ) it 's almost showtime ! -- I be gonna have to stay over to see the beginning again . I hate that ! 30 . he rush out . mitzi rush out after he . mitzi come back here ! the first husband wriggle around on the floor , hand across he eye . CUT . int . lester adam ' bedroom - day lester sit on the edge of the bed , flanke by Edward Ford and jed dobie . he 's show they he scrapbook lester this be all the woman I fuck . scrapbook as he turn from one page to another . a collection of seedy photograph : some clearer or more explicit than other , some of the woman and girl dress , but most of they bare something if not everything . a lot seem to be oriental . none have the kind of face that would get showcase anyplace much better than this . the three men head down as the page turn . lester ( cont 'd ) this one here have a funny smell . a real funny smell , that one . jed ( suddenly point ) what 's she doin ' there ! lester I fuck she . jed the hell you do . lester ( to Edward Ford ) she use to like to hold my joint under the table in the commissary . jed yeah , last week it be she sister . 31 . lester fucked them both . jed they be twin -- he could never tell one from the other . lester her sister be the one who let I eat she out in she trailer . jed you want to fuck they mother , but she would not -- lester listen , what do I want with the mother ? if they have not get that contract over at rko they be gonna do I the venus flytrap . God know what that woulda be but I still get a hard - on thinkin ' about it . jed last time you get it up the ally enter Paris . lester listen , asshole -- jed ( to Edward Ford ) I fuck the mother . and I do not need photograph to jog my memory . she be what you call a woman . over there shoulder as the scrapbook page turn . photo in all different size and color and tone . most have be take by lester . some be publicity shot , black - and - white glossy or lobby still . lester this one will be over at my place tomorrow night . jed guess I will not be then . 32 . lesser no , she 's better now , jed , she will leave you alone . she do not telephone people up no more . jed anyhow , my wife do not like I goin ' to you party either . lester ( laugh ) she show good sense . jed ( to Edward Ford ) what about yours ? edward ford I do not have to tell she where I be at . CUT . int . lester adam ' live room - night on some blanket in the middle of the floor some guy copulate with a Oriental girl . lester Adams and Edward Ford and a couple of other lowdown man and woman sit around in they boxer short and pantyhose watch . lester c'mon , will ya . Edward have to get up early for work . the copulate man , a overweight person , breathes loudly . lester ( cont 'd ) ( to Edward Ford ) what time do you get up ? edward ford well , I get up at five - thirty to be at the garage by six - thirty . lester whadaya do , you drive downtown -- edward ford yeah , I drive downtown and park , y'know , then I take the cab out the sound of the copulate man 's denouement gather in strength . 33 . a little later Edward Ford now position himself atop one of the other woman , center-stage . he be somewhat embarrassed . lester ( laugh ) that 's it , kid -- a leg on either side . the woman 's face look up at Edward Ford 's understandingly as she reach down between they , search for the root of the problem . woman ( whisper to he ) just fake it . Edward Ford sink down onto she . she moan exaggeratedly . the onlooker applaud and make remark . Edward Ford try but this be another part he can not act very well . the woman be much more convincing . Edward Ford smile over at the watcher . edward ford ( as he continue ) say , lester -- do I tell ya I get a job in a movie ? CUT to the final crowd scene from " it's a mad , mad , mad , mad world " ( or similar stock footage ) . a million people in a city square . all surging . lot of noise and music . and then a large superimposed you - are- here arrow appear , point down into the mass of ant dot , the fine point tickle the obscure head of one of they . CUT . ext . a movie theatre - evening a young couple buy ticket and Edward Ford appear after they , present he money and hold up one finger int . edward ford' apartment - evening mitzi sit home alone watch tv . bore , she gaze be attract by the loom file - card cabinet of she absent husband , stack in they corner , dominate the room . and she life . she stare at they with a kind of jealousy . CUT . 34 . int . edward ford' apartment ( bedroom ) - night Edward Ford sleep alone . mitzi 's side of the bed be vacant . kitchen stand at the fridge in she nightie , which reveal she figure in the worst possible way , mitzi drink beer from the can . live room she wander in , can in fist , and sit down with insomniac heaviness . she sip . she stare at that file box . then with deliberate decision , she set down the can , walk over , pull open a drawer at random , take out a card from the middle somewhere , and slowly tear it in half . CUT . int . bar - night the bartender go by a man slouched over the bar and give he a push . bartender get out of here . go on . the man sit up . a thickset , but rather impressive - look man , somewhat the worse for drink . his name be al foster . al I be prepare to call on a friend of mine , sir . bartender fuck off . al a fellow I be at high school with in Coventry , delaware . he be a man of innate kindness and decency , and I only mention he in the context of you establishment as a example of one who stand in total opposition to you and yours . the bartender walk past again and give Foster another push . CUT . 35 . ext . STREET - night it 's about four o'clock in the morning now . Al Foster shuffles along . he stop at traffic light and as he peer up to try and read the street sign he foot step on each other and he fall over . it 's not a good place for this to happen as it 's at the top of a very steep hill . Al Foster start roll down it . like a cartoon character , over and over and over and over he roll . two leather hustler watch he go by . this may sound and even look hilarious but it most assuredly be not . when he 's finally stop , hard , by a lamp post , he 's cut and bruise all over and groan as he collapse in the gutter . CUT . ext . los angele - morning hazy . from somewhere down there a telephone ring . int . edward ford' apartment ( bedroom ) - morning Edward Ford 's hand grope for the telephone in the completely dark room . completely dark . edward ford ( into phone ) Albert Foster ?! CUT . ext . police station - morning Edward Ford wait in the parking lot for a man to come out . Al Foster , much bandage . Edward Ford study he as Al approach . the two of they embrace . CUT . int . coffee shop - morning Edward Ford and Al in a booth . every third person that walk by outside the window be out of they fuck mind . edward ford you actually have a job out here , then . al yes -- a acquaintance of mine in New York put I onto the quinn Martin people and I have be assign , to write a episode of " the f.b.i. 36 . he speak in measure and dignify tone . edward ford well , that 's great . that 's swell . al I intend to take this town by storm . edward ford uh-huh . al and as my fortune increase , I intend to see yours grow in harmony . edward ford well -- al it will come to pass . it will come to pass . edward ford well -- all I need be a part , y'know , so 's I can get that damn sag card . al do you know who I see in San Francisco ? edward ford no. al Ben krantz . edward ford you be kid . al the famous painter be teach the coed at Berkeley a stroke or two . edward ford no shit . be he comin ' out here ? al he express a desire to visit this sunny metropolis and I expect he to appear shortly . 37 . edward ford gee , that would be swell . the " Three mesquiteer " together again . and y'know my brother 's comin ' out here too . al Little billy Ford . edward ford yeah -- he 's comin ' out here to join the Army . al my word . that 's hardly credible . edward ford he figure he will be draft anyways , so he 's drivin ' cross country with he buddy and they be signin ' up together . al ( lift he glass ) then we must toast good fortune to other than ourselves . they do . CUT . int . tv studio - day we be look at a blow - up of a black - and - white still froma movie . one of the actor in the photo have be silhouett . quizmaster now what we want to know be -- what be the film , can you name the man with the sword , and who be the actor who 's be black out ? contestant # 1 think hard . the number on she podium indicate that thus far she 's win about two hundred dollar . contestant # 1 um ... um ... let 's see ... um ... a go go off loudly . she jump . quizmaster ( to contestant # 2 ) julius ? contestant # 2 have only win about fifty dollar . 38 . contestant # 2 now , I know it 's errol Flynn but -- go ! the quizmaster sigh . he slowly turn toward the third contestant , know what 's come . Edward Ford be the third contestant . Edward Ford have win about eighty thousand dollar . edward ford the picture be " the Mark of Zorro , " and that 's tyrone power . the man with the sword be basil rathbone . the other guy be J. Edward bromberg and the guy next to he be Chris pin Martin . it be a twentieth century Fox picture and the year of release be 1940 . contestant # 1 try to find a way out of she plastic perch . contestant # 1 all right , that 's it . it become clear now that they have not be do this for real . there be no audience . the rehearsal be conduct be simply part of a audition process . contestant # 1 ( cont 'd ) I quit . she walk around , try to find the way out . contestant # 2 struggle with he conscience , but finally decide he 's out of he league too . contestant # 2 I be sorry . I too . the quizmaster frantically try to placate they . quizmaster hey , now , ah , wait a minute -- but they be go . the quizmaster stand still a moment . Edward Ford watch he , anticipate damnation . the quizmaster slowly turn and walk over to he . Edward Ford lower he head and look shameface . he twiddle he finger . the quizmaster look at he for a long time . quizmaster ( cont 'd ) you have to grandstand again . he look about to rap Edward Ford 's knuckle with a ruler . 39 . quizmaster ( cont 'd ) you see , this be why we have this audition run-throughs -- so we can discover in advance what might go amiss at a actual taping . pause . quizmaster ( cont 'd ) be there anything you would like to say ? the condemn man in the dock look up partially . edward ford I be sorry . quizmaster I should hope so . edward ford I guess you will not be able to use I then . quizmaster no , I do not think so . Edward Ford step down from he little platform . he look at quizmaster once . then he walk guiltily away . CUT . ext . edward ford' apartment house - day typing can be hear from inside . int . edward ford' apartment - day Edward Ford tap methodically with two finger . he stop to run one of they down a cast list in one of he movie book that be open for reference beside the typewriter . then he leave he desk to go to he file cabinet . he flip through card in a drawer , refer to one , then put it back . he walk back over to the desk . and then he realize something be wrong . he go back to the same drawer , find the same place , flip through the card in that general area , and start to look confuse . very confuse . a little later mitzi Ford come home . she walk into the live room , see she husband sit there silently . edward ford where have you be ? 40 . mitzi I have be tryin ' to set up my goddamn model agency , where d' you think I have be ? and she realize he know . she look over at the file cabinet . most of the drawer be open , card up - end here and there , mark spot where other card be miss . edward ford what do you do with my file card ? nothin ' . mrt she start take she coat off , etc . edward ford there be at least fifteen card miss . I have not go through all of they yet . mitzi whadaya mean fifteen ? how would you know if fifteen fuck file card be miss ? edward ford I know where they all be . mitzi you idiot , they be not even in alphabetical order . edward ford why do you do this thing ? he look really hurt . mitzi asshole ! edward ford that 's not nice . mitzi you think I do nutty thing ? who drive clear to Las Vegas to go to a movie that no one in they right mind would pay diddly - squat to see in the first place ! 41 . edward ford I only drive to Las Vegas once . and we would n'ta be home at dawn if you have not have to stop and take a leak at every gas station we pass on the way home . mitzi go to Hell ! he follow she into the kitchen . edward ford what do you do with they ? mitzi I do not do anything with they , jerk . I do not wanna go near ‘em ! edward ford why do you do this bad thing ? mitzi I do not do nothin ' ! you go to you stupid shitty movie with that other loser and I stay here and do nothing ! edward ford you sell my comic book . my Golden Age comic book . for twenty dollar . mitzi i'm try to start a business , you fucking moron ! edward ford I start that file card when I be thirteen year old . mitzi and you have not have a birthday since . edward ford how be I gonna get catch up ever ? mitzi just leave I the fuck alone . she shove past he . edward ford mitzi . he go after she . edward ford ( cont 'd ) mitzi . int . edward ford' apartment ( bedroom ) - night Edward Ford sleep alone again , on he stomach . int . kitchen mitzi fill up a saucepan with water , then put it on on the cooker . then she sit down to wait , stare at saucepan the water boil . mitzi turn off the flame , take the pan of steaming water , off with it to the bedroom . int . bedroom she go over to the bed and pour it all over Edward back . edward ford 42 . CUT . a flame it . walk Ford 's scream . he run scream . he run straight through the front door of the apartment without even open it , the force of he rush knock it right over . slapstick . fade out . 43. the early seventie int . krantz house - night the house be locate above the sunset Strip . there 's a marvelous view of the city light and white and red streak of traffic . Edward Ford and Al Foster and a bunch of other people play pool . when it 's not they turn to shoot , the pool player introduce or reintroduce themselves , the game continue while they do . BEN krantz ( to camera ) I be Ben krantz , this be the house I be rent for a year . I 'ma painter , a expatriate american , I have be live in England for twenty year , but this year I be take a break and do a bit of teach , which I think would be fun -- because I think the sexiest letter in the English language be u.c.l.a . Al and Edward Ford and I be best friend in high school , but we do not get much sun and snatch back then . that be my kid . two child have just enter , young luke , about twelve year old , and he beautiful sister , about eight or so . young luke ( to camera ) I be luke -- you see I at the beginning , only I be older . sister ( not to camera because she 's shy ) I be he sister . billy ford , almost thirty , take he shot , then chalk he cue . billy ford ( to camera ) I be billy Ford , Edward Ford 's young brother . I be livin ' out here now , workin ' in a photo lab . I be in the ' nam for a few year -- come out a sergeant -- and I think it be a good experience . I see some buddy blow away and waste my share of gook , but I feel we be doin ' the right thing bein ' over there , I can not stand draft dodger and protester , bl -- ( pause to watch Al shoot ) 44 . black , communist , hippie , and fag . I think Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan be real swell . ilsa steckel , in she twenty , have come in with comb and hairbrush to unmangle young luke 's sister 's long hair before bedtime . ilsa ( to camera ) ilsa steckel it 's I . be au pair for krantz child . be so since child mother die ago several year . come from Switzerland be in America to be much excited . a pretty young art student lean by the window smoking , watch the game . art student ( to camera ) I sleep with they father . Edward Ford knock about five ball clear off the table . al foster ( to camera ) since write a episode for " the f.b.i . " -- which be now in re-run -- interest have be show in my script and I have be attend a number of meeting , I confidently expect something to turn up . also here be a sad creature with sink black eye who look like she crawl from a tomb every night when the moon come out . a break wreck of womanhood . carla . carla ( to camera ) I be carla , Al 's girlfriend . ( pause ) I be a dancer . Edward Ford look contrite as he gather he ball . edward ford ( to camera ) I be still tryin ' to get my damn sag card , y'know , so 's I can start my career . all it would take would be one speak line in a motion picture or a television show or a commercial ... I guess my ex - wife be right when she say , " you will never make it . there be too many like you . " 45 . CUT . int . BEN krantz ' car - day Ben drive . Young luke be with he . BEN so what do you think of Edward Ford ? Young luke laugh . so do ben. BEN ( cont 'd ) I bet he be stunne by how much you know about movie . young luke be he the same when you go to school with he ? BEN Edward Ford have always be the same . always , he look out the window as they pass by -- ext . hollywood high school blonde lolitas and baby doll clutching they school book , CUT . int . edward ford' apartment ( bedroom ) - day a dusty picture of Hawaii that come with the place hang on the yellow wall . Old pair of shoe be in a row on the shabby carpet . on the dresser a movie book lie open to a particular page . next to it be a neat stack of three or four file card . a little notebook be open beside it , a cast list scrawle in Edward Ford 's handwrite . a ballpoint pen mark the place . live room the small live room contain he few shelf of movie book . his ancient - typewriter sit cover on he roll - top desk , the top up . on the mantelpiece above be he map book of Los Angeles and environ , open to the page show the area he last visit for a movie , on one side of the map book be the last theatre ticket stub , on the other side , symmetrically square , be the newspaper with the last visit 's list check neatly in pencil . shadows wriggle on the desk , cast through the window past dangle leave on branch outside . 46 . kitchen the appliance look quite old . the file box be stack in a corner . there be more of they than we last see . Edward Ford open one of the drawer , rifle through card , show they to young luke . edward ford now this here be all the card on various player Ben stand in the kitchen doorway , watch Edward Ford show he son he madness . Ben suspect that this be the beginning of a bizarre friendship . CUT . ext . beach - day Edward Ford and he brother billy play frisbee with young luke and he little sister and they nanny ilsa . Edward Ford have scar on he back from year ago when he ex- wife throw boil water on he . a little later Edward Ford sit with young luke . in the background billy and ilsa swing little sister between they , play at the edge of the ocean . edward ford ... " how the West be won " ... " how to save a Marriage ( and ruin you life ) " " how to steal a million " ( wait while luke think ) " Lord Jim " . .. " genghis Khan " ... " the Victor " young luke eli wallach ! edward ford you get it . a little later now they be have a picnic lunch . Edward Ford carefully remove the lettuce and tomato from he sandwich and scrape off the mayonnaise . Young luke be look at a movie theatre schedule . 47 . young luke -- what about this one ? " darby 's ranger " and " battleground . " edward ford well I can not go to that -- " darby 's ranger " be not twenty year old yet . young luke what about " yellow Sky ? " you say you have not see " yellow Sky . " edward ford that 's on a Friday . besides , I see the picture playin ' with it . young luke you only go on Saturday ? no matter what ? edward ford that 's right . you comin ' ? young mike I do not wanna see a shirley Temple movie . I wanna see the shirley eaton movie . edward ford oh , you like she , do ya ? young luke ( show Edward Ford a newspaper ) well , it 's a fu manchu movie -- and you be gonna go to some kiddie matinee ! some child 's show . edward ford it 's a randolph Scott picture . it 's practically a western . young luke it 's a musical -- with shirley Temple . edward ford it 's get a lot of western player in it I will have eleven card to work on . and maybe there will be some bonus player . Young luke look disgust . CUT . 48 . ext . movie theatre - day Edward Ford stand in line with a lot of child . he look quite uncomfortable . edward ford ( at the box-office ) one , please . cashier ( give he a look ) where 's you child ? at the back of the line people with child watch as Edward Ford be refuse admittance . he have to turn and walk back down the length of the line with everyone look at he and pull they kid out of he reach . he look extremely humiliate . CUT . int . krantz house - night Ben krantz be dress for a formal evening . Young luke be loung on the couch watch a movie on tv . BEN you wanna go to billy wilder 's with we ? young luke no , I be go to the movie with Edward Ford . his rule get screw up so we get to go to new movie . he let I choose from he list of six double bill . Ben shake he head . BEN here he come now , you forty - three - year - old buddy . Ben go toward the front door -- as another pretty young art student come down some stair , ready to go out . Ben let Edward Ford in and Edward Ford pretend to almost fall over when the door open before he fist have knock on it ext . krantz house - night Edward Ford and young luke walk down the front step of the house with Ben and he art student . 49 . edward ford do luke tell ya what happen to I today ? geez , I be never so embarrassed . it be so embarrassing . down on the STREET they go to they separate car , Ben with he art student , young luke with Edward Ford . edward ford -- I mean , I think they be gonna have I arrest or somethin' . that make I very nervous . young luke see , you should not go to single feature . edward ford well , I try to avoid they if at all possible . I do not like single feature . ( as they get in he car ) geez , they probably think I be some kind of pervert . CUT . ext . funeral - day harold blake be dress in a suit -- but pinch he shoulder to adjust the strap of what must be a brassiere underneath it . blake yes , this time he 's really dead . he 's fondle a cowboy hat . deliver a eulogy for lester Adams . blake ( cont 'd ) this be the hat he wear in over three hundred western . and just two day before he die he give it to a young friend name Edward Ford -- pass the banner , as it be . Edward Ford be among the small group attend , wear he baggy suit . blake ( cont 'd ) his ole pard jed dobie pass on almost exactly a year -- but I do not mourn for either of they . 50 . because I know they be have a heckuva time -- riding the purple sage -- over that final sunset . CUT . series of shot - go to the movie sad music from the funeral scene and the tail - end of blake 's eulogy bleed into this short sequence of Edward Ford go to the movie , mostly with young luke , sometimes join by billy and ilsa or Ben and finally everyone , Al Foster too . CUT . int . barber shop - day Edward Ford have he already - minimal hair trim further by a genuine old Hollywood barber . the door give a little tinkle as a veteran character actor come in . Edward Ford immediately recognize he . the character actor take off he jacket to hang on a peg . Edward Ford watch he . the character actor browse through old magazine . select one and sit down with it . edward ford Mr. Jones . ( or whoever the guy be ) I have see you in fifty - six motion picture . the old actor look up , completely nonpluss at first , then astound that someone in this day and age should recognize he . then he beam . just beam . CUT . int . coffee shop - day Edward Ford sit in a booth with Ben and Al . edward ford and do you know , it make he day . it make he day . BEN sure . a guy like that . how often could it happen ? edward ford he could not get over it . al a age thespian . 51 . he drink , on he way to get drunk . Ben and Edward Ford be aware of this but be try to ignore it for now , hope it will not go all the way . BEN he must really wonder where it all go edward ford yeah , y'know , I wish they still have contract player , like in the day when the studio be makin ' hundred of picture a year al everyone know they place . edward ford and they know what folk want to see then , y'know -- the old movie mongol . BEN mongol ? edward ford today the cameraman , y'know , he decide to point the camera at some flower that 's out - of-focus . the cameraman do . BEN Edward , a mongol be a guy that ride posse with attila the hun . edward ford I think it be a scruffy dog . he continue eat he hamburger . and Ben look past he to the waitress be chatted up by a customer in another booth . the waitress laugh with the customer but unfortunately for both of they he do not really look like he have a go project in the work . the waitress have the kind of face a lot of people back home probably tell she be special . edward ford get up from the table to walk to the bathroom . edward ford ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) guess who I make a card for today . BEN ( v.o. ) who ? 52 . edward ford ( v.0 . ) pork chop . BEN ( v.o. ) pork chop ? edward ford ( v.0 . ) I only see he in one film . int . coffee shop ( men' room ) Edward Ford come in . BEN ( v.0 . ) why bother then ? edward ford ( v.0 . ) well , I will prob'ly never see he again . prob 'ly never see he again . BEN ( v.o. ) so you select he for the great honor . as we hear Edward Ford begin he reply we see Edward Ford look slightly startle as a cubicle door swing open revealing one black guy go down on another black guy . Edward Ford turn to leave . edward ford ( v.0 . ) it 's just luck , y'know . I be all catch up on this year 's picture -- int . coffee shop ( at the table ) edward ford -- so I just pick out a card , y'know , and roll the dice and it come out on pork -- Al knock over he bottle by accident -- other diner turn to look -- Ben grab Al 's wrist while it 's on its way to recover the bottle . Al can not look Ben in the eye . BEN if you have any idea what a fuck misery it be to look at you ... ( fling the wrist back at Al ) you do not even hear I , do you ? through the haze . al I do , Ben . I be -- I can hear the signal . 53 . quiet pause . Edward Ford break the awkward silence . edward ford the last two name , y'know , be pork chop and kidney stew . and the number come up on pork chop . pause . BEN where be they now ? ext . coffee shop - day the three of they come out into the horrible afternoon sunshine and heat . Al wobble dangerously . edward ford well , I better get back . I gotta call my dad , wish he happy birthday . BEN send he my best , will you ? edward ford I sure will . BEN do he still run the y. , do you say ? edward ford oh no , he 's retire now . he spend most of he time look after Mom . she can not really move any more or know where anything be . BEN we have some good time there . edward ford yes , we sure di -- Al Foster fall down . Edward Ford look at Ben , who be too angry for word . but they both stoop to help Al up . CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - night Edward Ford and the krantz child sit on the sofa watch wrestle on tv . Edward Ford and young luke 's sister be still eat the tv dinner on they lap , but young luke have finish he and be leaf through a massive movie book 54 . Edward Ford and little sister boo along with the wrestle audience when a hood brute enter the ring . Young luke find a gape square hole on a page of the book where some cowboy 's face have be cut out . he put he finger through it to show he sister -- " look , I have find another one . " edward ford ( defend himself ) listen , if I need a picture for my file card , I wanna find the best one , do not I ? young luke but you say this book cost ninety dollar . it 's a limited edition . and you have mutilate it . edward ford well I do not care what they look like . they be just for I . Young luke and he sister give each other a look . there 's a knock at the door . Edward Ford go to answer it , leave the kid watch tv . muffled voice can be heard . then Edward Ford come back . edward ford ( cont 'd ) hey , I wantcha to meet someone . and behind he come -- mitzi -- smile quite companionably . a little later Young luke , stand , be taller than mitzi who 's just leave . Young luke 's sister stare at this wreck , wonder what it be . mitzi well , I will let you get back to what all you be do . edward ford oh , we be just gonna watch the news y'know , catch up on what 's goin ' on in the world . mitzi Nice to meet you . the kid nod . Edward Ford show she out , then return to continue watch tv with the kid . young luke that be a short visit . 55 . edward ford oh , she just want this month 's alimony in person , ' stead of waitin ' for the mail . pause . young luke you pay she alimony ? edward ford well , she be not get nothin' . CUT . edward ford - morning dress as a cowboy , stand by some railroad track , big boulder as a backdrop . he 's freeze in what he think be a " tough " stance , a expression on he face to match . he hold a rifle " ready for action " in he hand . after a moment all be explain when a flashbulb pop . Edward Ford relax . edward ford do ya get it ? joey yeah , that be a good one . ext . modern building - day stand in some sort of patio , skyscraper frame behind he , Edward Ford , smile , try to look like a " business executive , " dress in a ludicrously baggy old suit . he stay like this for some time , the smile beginning to tremble , before the bulb pop . ext . alley - afternoon lurk next to garbage can , dress in a dirty jacket wear a cap , Edward Ford try to look like a " crook . " the flash light up . edward ford' face just a simple portrait now against a black background . it recede , become one quarter of the final four-picture composite . the type resume clipped to the composite be flip over by the hand study it and -- 56 . int . casting office - day the casting agent give it a cursory glance -- then feed it into a paper shredder . we see that on one side of she desk be paper shaving pile impenetrably to the wall , on the other side mountain of photo and resume stack to the ceiling , tilting dangerously . CUT . int . SMALL theatre - day bad actor rehearse , block it out , read from typescript . man ( solemnly to woman ) salvation be in God 's son -- in Christ and Christ alone . commune with the Lord , and the Kingdom of Heaven will be you destiny . " it be do as you believe . " the woman start to cry , not very well at all . enter Edward Ford , dress in a sheet with a hood , hold what look like a Bible . he be portray " temptation " and he 's decide this call far he best bad - guy voice . he open the book to show the woman . edward ford . drug ! would you like some more ? he smile at the poor wretch with what he take to be satanic glee . the woman look between he and the other serious man with what she take to be anguish . a little later all the actor disband for the day , hugging and kissing each other goodbye in a very saccharine way . a lot of " praise the lord " and " God love yous . " Edward Ford be leave the theatre with the man who be on stage with he . man what you oughta do be join aftra . that 's what I be do . edward ford but that 's , uh , restrict , be not it ? aftra people be not allow more and five line or somethin' . it 's a extras union . 57 . man it 's a way , man . it 's easier to get from one union to another than from no union at all . edward ford I be tryin ' to stay away from extra work man it 's like this -- I could be happy do Christian theatre the rest of my life on earth -- rejoicin ' in the good Lord 's work -- but I have to eat , and there 's a cattle call downtown on Tuesday . I think it 's for a western . edward ford ( as they go outside ) a western ? man ( wave goodbye ) praise Jesus . CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - night a somewhat awful- look mulatto whore undress . whore --' cause I get this stunt I be gonna sell to tv where I be wear this asbestos suit and I set myself on fire and parachute off a skyscraper in century City and each floor on the way down explode just a second after I fall past so timing be really the key thing , you know -- she peel off she panty then walk over to the movie book shelf on top of which be a candle and a box of match . Edward Ford sit in he armchair watch , mouth slightly open . the curtain be draw . the whore light the candle then , take hold of it , bend down out of view . CUT . ext . parking lot - day Edward Ford , hold a cowboy hat , be among a group of people . a man with clipboard jab each of they with he finger as if it be a cattle prod . 58 . clipboard you be a one , you be a one , you be a three , you be a one , you be a two , you be a two , you be a one , you be a two , you be a one , you be a nine , ( that be Edward Ford ) you be a one , you be a one , you be a one - a little later Edward Ford and another jerk , dress as firemen , be walk away from the other -- who be way in the background now -- away from the small film unit prepare to shoot a scene in the parking lot . the teeny figure of the clipboard man be wave at they to keep go . the other jerk notice the cowboy hat Edward Ford be still clutching . jerk what 's the hat for ? edward ford I be tell this be a western . jerk Nice hat , anyway . edward ford it belong to lester Adams . jerk who ? they check over they shoulder , the clipboard man signal for the jerk to stop but for Edward Ford to keep walk . jerk ( cont 'd ) I do not think you be even gonna be on camera , buddy . CUT . int . krantz house - afternoon Edward Ford stand , pool cue in hand . american gothic . ball can be heard be rack up . edward ford but all the bad guy , y'know , they have good characterizistics ( sic ) -- one hada hearing aid , another have a scar , another cough all the time -- 59 . al' voice the work of a exceptionally imaginative scribe . ben' voice ( after the break sound ) do my son accompany you ? edward ford no. ( look where young luke must be ) he say my choice be scum . young luke's voice Three shit pile he go to . a triple bill of crap . I want to see " m " with Peter lorre . ben' voice why do not you take he to see " m ? " that 's a great movie . edward ford I do not gotta see no foreign film . I change my rule after I hadda see " blood of a Poet . " that be the worst picture I ever see . young luke's voice and next week he 's go to a fuck Alice faye movie instead of " Viva Zapata " -- I do not believe it . ben' voice have not you see " Viva Zapata ? " edward ford well , I get to thing eventually . ben' voice do not you have any interest in study the great actor in the world ? edward ford I see marlon brando picture before . I do not think he 's so great . I think lester and jed be better actor . ( chuckle to himself ) I have a fare up to he house one time . some Oriental girl . he have this vicious dog bit I on the ass ! 60 . int . ilsa' bedroom - evening ilsa the nanny and Edward Ford 's brother billy do thing without they clothes on . int . ben' bedroom - evening Ben and the art student of the moment have sex too . ext . krantz house ( patio ) - night Edward Ford have a cigarette , look over the wall at the light of Hollywood . int . krantz house ( kitchen ) - night Al Foster , drunk , sit at the kitchen table . on the other side of it , young luke and he sister listen to he . foster they be truly screwing I . it 's a pirate 's game . Hollywood be a damn pirate 's game . my hair be fall out . my tooth be fall out . when we be seventeen year old you dad and I ship out in the merchant Marine . we lose we cherries in Cuba for four dollar . int . krantz house ( pool table room ) - night another game of pool . Edward Ford 's turn to shoot . edward ford I have norman fell 's mother - in - law in the cab today . and he knock about seven ball right off the table . int . krantz house ( live - room ) - night now they be all watch the Academy Award . Ben and billy have a aside . billy -- sure , Ben , as long as it 's a morning flight I can pick he up no trouble . BEN I would appreciate it , billy -- he 's my close friend in London . just charge I whatever Edward would for a airport trip . 61 . billy and he will be stayin ' in this house after you leave ? BEN yeah , he 's take over from I as guest professor . he 's come over for the same reason . int . krantz house ( pool table room ) - night one last game . everyone present again . edward ford well , I do not like the second feature , " Richard the third . " it be boring . and I do not like remake . it be just a boring remake of a karloff picture call " Tower of London . " there be this deform king and this two little prince he 's serious , try to tell he story . but the other laugh . and Edward Ford nod along good humoredly with they . all this people . CUT . ext . airport - day bradford , the artist , and he young male friend stand with they luggage wait for they ride . Bradford be wear a white linen suit . a car pull up . it 's Edward Ford 's car and billy Ford stare out at they . CUT . int . al foster' apartment - day a hand reach , stretch , quavering . it 's carla 's hand , Al 's girlfriend . Al Foster be scream in drunken madness and strangling she to death . her finger be try to get to the telephone . int . hallway of this nasty rooming hotel . another foul tenant walk past Al 's door , ignore the craze shriek , and disappear into he own awful room . int . edward ford' apartment quiet . then the phone ring . but no one 's home . 62. int . al foster' apartment carla cower in a corner , hold the telephone receiver like a club . across the floor , Al start move , start groggily to come to . carla shiver , moan to herself , transfix to the spot . but she force herself to crawl back over and clout he across the scull again with the telephone . then she go back on she hand and knee to she corner and keep whining . CUT . int . edward ford be car - day billy Ford , drive , go past Hollywood High School . Bradford the artist look out at the pretty tan California boy milling around there . billy Ford look quite nervous edging he thigh as far away from Bradford 's as he can . CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - evening Edward Ford come home from work , unclip he change - make machine from he belt . he walk straight for the ringing phone . CUT . int . al foster' apartment - night Edward Ford walk away from carla and pick up a few break object off the floor . carla sit stonily at a table , wear a neck brace . Edward Ford go into the bathroom . bathroom Al Foster soak in the rusty bathtub . Edward Ford place a chair next to it to sit on . al ( stare glassily ) I will be go back ... to Coventry ina few day . will you let carla stay with you until she find another location ? edward ford sure , Al . al just a week or so , I imagine . she 's a fine lady . I can thank she for not be in the care of the local constabulary . 63 . edward ford she say she do not know they number pause . al my downhill decline begin the moment I set foot in Hollywood . I trip , you know . edward ford uh-huh . al I just have to go home now and regroup my resource . he might cry . CUT . int . krantz house - night Edward Ford have bring over McDonald 's food for the kid . edward ford guess you will be missin ' this stuff back in England . they do not have burger like this over there , huh ? through the window we can see Ben out on the patio , pace back and forth irritatedly while another art student cry . CUT . ext . krantz driveway - day the krantz family bid goodbye to Edward Ford , he brother and ilsa with a lot of hug . BEN thanks for everything , ilsa . ( shake hand with billy ) congratulation , billy . edward ford ( to young luke ) you have a nice time back in London now . I will write you all the movie I see . young luke I too . 64 . his little sister weep . the krantz car drive away , the people leave behind wave after it , the kid wave back from the back window . soon it 's go , down the Hollywood hill . CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - day carla be sit stonily again , but without the neck brace now , and on Edward Ford 's sofa . she 's watch he . he hang up the phone and walk back to she . edward ford all right , I do real good . it 's all set -- I be takin ' you over to a cab driver friend of mine 's . he 's a nice man , he 's be a widow ( sic ) for two year and he 's real lonely . he will be pleased to have a woman around . woman ? she stare at he , make sulk into a art form . he be not to be dissuade , however . he go and put he face very close to hers , stare back at she . edward ford ( cont 'd ) Seven month you be with I . Seven month . without do one dish . pause . carla I jack you off once , do not I ? CUT . ext . airport - evening billy and ilsa Ford hug Edward Ford goodbye before push they cartful of luggage away . Edward Ford stand there until he can not see they anymore . CUT . ext . edward ford' build - courtyard - evening he walk back in toward he place . carla come out of the shadow where she 's be wait , hold she suitcase . 65 . carla where have you be ? edward ford ( not thrilled to see she ) the airport . my brother and he wife move to Virginia today . carla why ? edward ford he take a government photographic job -- carla I have to come back . edward ford well , I do not have to let you . carla that guy buy I a cemetery plot . edward ford why would he do that ? carla so I would be take care of , he say . taken care of ! edward ford he 's thoughtful , that 's all . just thoughtful . carla he 's whacko ! edward ford ( walk on , shaking he head ) no way . carla ( follow he ) he try to stop I come back to you -- he tell I what you say about I . edward ford what be that ? carla you say I be crazy . you say to he , " she 's crazy -- I suck she titty but then she make I nervous so I quit . " 66 . edward ford you do not even do that much for the poor guy . I be on the phone with he , he be call I obscenity . all this time , and he redecorate he whole house to suit you taste -- he whole fuckin ' house ! -- and you make he pay you seventy - five dollar just to let he feel you minge . carla he tell you that ! edward ford and he have to cover all the tv set and radio and stuff ' cause you say the Jews would come out and get you . carla fuck you , pal . just fuck you ! edward ford no -- hey -- I do not even want that favor from you . he 's go up he step now . in another of the apartment down here a would - be rock band practice . carla follow Edward Ford . carla just one more night -- I get nowhere to go ! I will leave first thing in the morning . CUT . ext . edward ford' build - morning Edward Ford 's door open . carla 's suitcase come out first , then carla , with a help hand . the door shut again . int . edward ford' apartment - morning Edward Ford yank the sheet off he tv set . CUT . blackness harold blake' voice shut up . a thud be hear . 67 . patty blake' voice you shithead . int . harold blake' apartment - day Harry blake have come way down in the world . not that he be ever that up . his wife sit next to he . both be souse and look awful . Patty be wear a man 's suit . her look be all but go . her husband be wear a dress , but have not shave in a day or two . blake but it pay . ( shrug ) porno pay . edward ford I would like to read one sometime . blake ( turn to he wife ) honey , do we have any more copy of " bestial virgin ? " but she 's go off somewhere . blake turn back to Edward Ford . blake ( cont 'd ) best seller , I write . Word get around , you would be surprised . you can not find a copy of " mother 's horny son " in a adult bookstore in Southern California . ( pause ) I specialize in incest . edward ford uh-huh . blake if I could just get one more picture off the ground . just one more . patty ( come back ) there be other thing in life than movie . blake what be they ? ( as a rave queen come in ) huh , Ed ? 68 . queen hi , people ! blake Ed , meet my lawyer . queen well , hello . he bend over and plant a kiss on Edward Ford 's lip . Edward Ford instinctively jump to he foot and spit to cleanse he mouth . he shake a finger at the Queen . edward ford now listen -- I be not gonna hit you this time -- but do not ever do that again . I like girl ! the Queen hold up he palm in a gesture of pacification . Patty blake start to laugh . Harry bang she head against the wall . blake shut up . patty ( as she bounce back ) you shithead . Edward Ford take he seat again . blake you have to forgive my friend this day . they do not make them like lester and jed anymore . edward ford no , they do not . blake they be all go now . Edward Ford nod . edward ford yeah . they be all go now . CUT . taxi montage 69 . we be seeing Los Angeles through Edward Ford 's eye as he cab drive through time , one moment along Pacific Coast highway , sunset light glisten on the ocean beyond , the next moment past grungy house in whittier . we drive along Santa monica boulevard in beverly Hills in the rain , along the same street in Hollywood at night . smog hang over the San Fernando Valley one day , but the cab turn another corner of mulholland drive to find night on the other side , a million light now twinkle over the edge below . downtown LA be drab , Venice be seedy beyond belief . on the freeway north to burbank or south to Anaheim , down topanga or up fairfax from the Farmer 's market , in the sunny green of brentwood or the grey morning of culver City , the wheel turn . edward ford - day driving . look in the rear-view mirror . into the rear -view mirror a freakish - look Hollywood denizen sit in the back . edward ford driving . check the mirror again . back seat now a beautiful model be the passenger . profile . like a swan . out the window she 's face , three or four variety of Southern California gas station be pass . and when we view return to the back seat , the swan have turn into a tattooe killer . straight on past Edward Ford , he expression unchange , to see another fare in the back seat -- a movie producer . edward ford in profile himself now , the view out the side window vary as before , L.A. scene pass by . moving around Edward Ford 's face as it concentrate on the day to day business of drive , he other profile be reach . and the view outside the other side window be still now . the cab be park , Edward Ford eat a peanut butter sandwich . he happen to glance out this side window and spot a character actor he 's see in eighty - two motion picture walk by . edward ford hiya Joe ! ( or whatever the actor 's name be ) 70 . the character actor look around to find who call he , see Edward Ford , go up and stick he head right in the window . character actor how 's business , cabbie ? garage - morning the cab come out into the light back seat - day the passenger be two young Hollywood smart - alec go over a script . parked cab - afternoon Edward Ford on the sidewalk open the passenger door to help a passenger out -- a old lady with discolor hair and a bunch of walk contraption the american medical profession have foist on she in exchange for she life savings . her dress ride up as she struggle , give Edward Ford a disagreeable sight . garage - evening the cab go back into the dark . a black man in the back seat as the cab drive -- the view of he then reveal to be in the rear-view mirror , Edward Ford watch over edward ford' shoulder the black man light up a cigarette -- only now it 's a different black man . edward ford flip up the meter to the nine o'clock position as a black hand reach over with a five- dollar bill . Edward Ford give back to the hand a quarter change . the hand give Edward Ford a nickel tip . the passenger , who we do not see , get out . with a disgruntled look , Edward Ford watch he walk away . pedestrian crossing as Edward Ford 's cab approach and stop for crosser a fourth black man run out the back door and off down the street . 71 . Edward Ford look around in a distress way for a while , but there 's nothing he can do about it and the driver behind he honk . movie studio Edward Ford stand smoking a cigarette by he cab , wait for he passenger , a actress outside a soundstage , laugh with someone . Edward Ford watch a couple of actor in costume go by . sidewalk - day Three black prostitute wave down the approach cab . they all get in . int . cab Edward Ford turn to they . edward ford what can I do for you lady ? his face sink . the lady -- be not . one have sit in the front next to Edward Ford and grab he crotch playfully . transsexual oooh , you get a big one ! " her " companion laugh and join in . Edward Ford try to extricate himself from this situation , he belt already undone by nimble finger . edward ford now , now -- transsexual c'mon , baby , we be all work . edward ford ( try to slap the hand away ) -- you do not do that -- ya do not do that ! ext . sidewalk people stroll by the park cab . edward ford' voice that 's not do in this cab , now -- there will be none of that -- 72 . edward ford be bare back - day humping away . a bed creaking . he stop bump for a moment while he head move down a bit . voice do not chew on my nipple or I will have a epileptic fit . Edward Ford carry on just humping , he head move back up and to one side , now revealing the face of he bed partner . the voice be a clue to something strange , the statement the voice make a further endorsement of the bizarre , but neither be sufficient preparation for the sight of a sixty - five year old wizened black woman . edward ford stand next to the bed , finish buttone he shirt . edward ford do you want I to put you back in you wheelchair now ? the sixty -five year old wizened black woman' apartment the wheelchair be indeed reveal near the bed in the dim room . 65 , crippled , and black oh , no . no , thank you . I would better stay here now . edward ford okay . you be -- 65 , crippled , and black I have not have sex in so long , you know . edward ford well , I be -- pleased to oblige . 65 , crippled , and black I have not have any in so long . edward ford well , I would better be gettin ' back on the road now . 65 , crippled , and black all right . you get you tip there . 73 . edward ford oh , yeah . yes , I do . thank you . 65 , crippled , and black okay . edward ford take care now . 65 , crippled , and black I will . edward ford bye now . 65 , crippled , and black all right . thank you . Edward Ford shuffles out . ext . STREET Edward Ford walk to where he cab be park and get into it . ext . beverly hill - day past the little Disney cottage and buddy hackett 's house with the elephant outside and all the other excruciate style and design ... a korean family come out of they drab house , come toward he cab , Edward Ford wonder how they be all go to fit . rodeo drive from out of the most expensive of shop , after one or two chic type emerge , come Edward Ford in he typical attire carry a Saint Laurent rive gauche bag . follow by a rich lady , point at the next shop on she list , Edward Ford kindly as always , nod simply and go with she . trancas four nubile thing in bikinis run over to the cab that 's stop for they and get in . edward ford driving , half the time glance up at the mirror as the teenage quartet , thigh squash together , giggle behind he . 74 . through the window , west of malibu pier , surfer dot the blue sea , wait for the big one . a mansion in pacific palisade Edward Ford wait by the front door , check the address against the piece of paper in he hand . a house in watt Edward Ford wait by the front door , check the address against the piece of paper in he hand . motel he pick up some New Wave type . through the gate of bel - AIR go Edward Ford 's cab . two whore in van nuy Bend over expectantly to look in at the driver of the cab as it cruise slowly past . santa monica a man follow Edward Ford down a house pathway to the cab , petting a dog on the lawn . Edward Ford , the man , and the dog get into the cab . the cab driving to downtown L.A. , pass a number of fast - food landmark and ethnic shop . downtown L.A. write up the fare on he trip sheet as the man from Santa monica walk away , Edward Ford notice that the dog be still in the back seat . edward ford hey , mister ! -- you forget you dog . the man look confuse . man I think it be you dog . the cab go back to Santa monica , past the same landmark . 75 . santa monica Edward Ford shove the dumb mutt back out onto the lawn he come from . another trip Edward Ford notice another item leave on the back seat . edward ford hey , mister ! -- you forget you screen actor 's Guild membership card . some absolute zero come back to retrieve it from Edward Ford 's outstretch hand . edward ford remain on the right side of the screen , just drive , work the steering wheel , as the static babble of he radio crackle out its code word and street name , and the passenger constantly change in the back seat behind he . some Hollywood scuzz woman , make retching noise . replaced by scandinavian tourist with knapsack . replaced by a young actress , study she audition line out loud . replaced by a arab . replaced by a South american may . replaced by a ordinary man . replaced by a couple smooching . replaced by some kind of nut . replaced by a businessman lean forward to gab with Edward Ford . replaced by a prostitute and she pimp , replaced by three child . replaced by a irate woman yell at Edward Ford . replaced by a snaffling hippie . replaced by Ernest borgnine . 76 . replaced by a street hustler and he client . replaced by a fat mexican gentleman wear a bowler hat who be actually hopping up and down in he seat . at this Edward Ford glance nervously up at he mirror . the mexican gentleman jumping up and down in the back seat , speak very quickly in Spanish . edward ford' voice I be sorry , sir -- I only speak English . the man keep chatter , now point out the window a lot too . edward ford' voice we will be at you destination real soon -- I be goin ' as fast as I can . the mexican gentleman be go crazy now . completely red in the face . finally he take off he bowler hat , hold it before he at seat level , and unzip he trousers . edward ford look in the rear-view mirror . edward ford hey -- now -- uh -- hey -- back seat - night a not very attractive white girl lean forward . girl you wanna date ? edward ford uh -- not today -- I do not really have no money . a cowboy - day in the back seat . cowboy you wanna date ? edward ford' voice I think I better let you off right here . 77 . cowboy hey , you can piss on I or whatever . no problem . edward ford' voice I think I better let you off here . a black girl - night look at he beseechingly . black girl all I need be ten dollar . deteriorated middle - aged white woman - day finally turn toward the driver . woman we could fuck if you like . edward ford - night look at a unseen passenger . edward ford all I can give ya be three dollar -- be that enough ? the cab - day driving down western Ave . girl voice see , it could be a real party ' cause we rent 's comin ' up Monday and we be gonna get evict this time if we do not have it . my roommate be much better look than I . front seat - night a customer , face turn away , pull shut the passenger door , then turn . it 's a transvestite with slightly later than five o'clock shadow . a ugly , fat white woman - day stand on a sidewalk next to a trash container , as if to clearly establish she place in society . she have she hand up in a cab-summone way , finger wriggle . she get into Edward Ford 's cab when it stop for she . 78 . int . edward ford be cab Edward Ford look at she . fat woman I just get to get to South normandie . I just get to . int . edward ford' apartment - day as Edward Ford unbutton he own shirt while watch the woman start to roll she T-shirt up off herself , it become more apparent that she 's not just fat -- she 's quite pregnant . ext . south normandie - day the woman get out of the cab . edward ford - day point out a building to he passenger as he drive past . edward ford that 's where they find Albert dekker with a noose around he cock . downtown - day park in a dark place , Edward Ford get stroke by a black chick . edward ford drive continue he tour . edward ford that 's where sal mineo be murder . hollywood boulevard the cab let off some tourist go to the chinese theater . edward ford driving , nod ahead . edward ford cecil B. demille be bury in there . stop at traffic light somewhere - afternoon Edward Ford wait for a leper to stagger past the windshield . 79 . edward ford ( mumble ) there 's one of life 's loser . CUT . int . edward ford be cab - night click -- Edward Ford 's hand put the meter arm down as a new customer be hear get in the back . then a second click -- a far more ominous one . Edward Ford 's face remain quite still as the muzzle of a gun be press against he head . robber's voice you know what I want . edward ford uh ... you sure you wanna do this ? reveal the robber sit there in the back . he have a real mean expression . robber absolutely sure , asshole . Hand over the dough ! Edward Ford fumble for money to give the robber . the robber snatch it . edward ford be you satisfied now ? robber shut up , mug ! or so help I I will pump you full of lead . edward ford you will never get away with this . robber ( brandish he weapon ) I think I tell you to shut up ! he twitches crazily once or twice as he stuff the money into he jacket pocket . then he back out of the cab carefully , still point the gun at Edward Ford . edward ford do not be a fool , man . 80 . robber I know what I be doin' . ext . STREET the robber emerge from the cab . suddenly a police car turn the corner ! the robber start to run . the police car chase he , light flash , siren blaring . the robber run down a side street , run on . the police car skid around the corner after he . the robber turn down a alley , stop almost immediately -- it 's a dead end . the police car block the entrance to the alley behind he . the robber take cover behind some garbage can and fire he gun insanely at they , not even aim , just fling the bullet out of the barrel like they do in old gangster movie and western . the cop open they car door for cover as they return FIRE . cop ( shout to robber ) Drop the gun and come out with you hand up ! the robber keep firing at they . completely mad look on he face . robber ( scream ) whatsamattah , coppah ? -- yella ?! the cop fire back . one of they take careful aim . the robber hit . he reel back at the force of it , and stagger around theatrically for a while , the music swell up , before he finally collapse in a puddle . Dead . it begin to snow . fade out . 81. the early eighties int . a hollywood party - day a smallish gather in malibu or brentwood or somewhere . the people here be a far cry from the people we be use to see in Edward Ford land . luke , early twenty , sit talk to beverly hill wife . wife but why do not he take act class or something ? luke because he 's a nutcase . he do not even come here to become a actor , he come to be a bad guy in b-western . you understand what b-western be ? -- it do not mean a poor Gary Cooper movie . wife sure -- gene autry -- luke yeah , like that -- appall thing . it be a entire subculture -- and for he it 's like the planet krypton blow up , " cause they just barely make the last three while he be still on the bus . wife so he 's just be a extra all this year ? luke he 's never manage to be a extra -- he 's a " waiver . " when a film have its quota of extras they hire people who waive all rights to minimum day wage and recognition as a human be . wife " waiver " -- I have never hear that term . luke in a biblical movie the people you see huddle around on the grass listen attentively to Christ , that be the extras . the tiny dot on that hilltop fifteen mile to the north -- waiver . Art linson walk by . 82 . a little later William sackheim walk by . luke he actually befriend a couple of the old cowboy character actor he would always literally look up to -- and they be like old bum by the time he show up . wife you would think he could have find some way at least of utilize all he movie knowledge . luke no -- it 's not even -- it 's not exactly a expertise . it 's not like he know movie , just cast list , y'know -- it 'sa form of madness . wife do he like girl ? luke well , I do not know that " girl " have ever be introduce into he life . I mean , uh , certain type of dement she -goat -- wife ( laugh ) when can we meet this person ? luke well , next time my father visit he 's think of put all he L.A. friend in one room together to see what happen . the naked and the dead . wife and you see a lot of this fellow ? luke oh sure -- he 's my best friend here . CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - day same dump he be in last decade . Edward Ford be speak on the telephone . Edward Ford have hardly change . 83 . edward ford c'mon now , we oughta leave right now if you wanna get there in time . int . luke's apartment - day a neat , modern " studio " apartment . luke be on the phone , watch tv at the same time . luke look , why do not you just let I choose something decent to go see . edward ford Hell , I have not see Robert Preston ina movie since -- luke I know -- since April 14 , 1942 at the fester maggot theatre in vermin , South dakota -- edward ford it let out early -- we could go to a sex shop after . hey , and all the whore ' 1ll be out tonight -- and , listen , I find a whole new area where they hang out . CUT . int . movie theatre - night suddenly Edward Ford crane he head forward and point at a whole crowd of face on the screen . edward ford that 's James flavin ! as he whip out he notebook to record this remarkable discovery , luke roll he eye , then dart they leave and right , slightly embarrassed . CUT . int . edward ford be car - night it 's a datsun or something , buy new by he , but a few year old now . Edward Ford nod ahead to the leave . edward ford I once see two gal get into a knife fight outside that bar -- and I fuck one of ‘em . 84 . he say it quite plainly . CUT . int . edward ford be car - night as they drive around look at street whore . edward ford you know how many there be in the screen actor 's Guild ? sixty thousand . ( luke laugh ) you know what that mean ? that mean there 's sixty thousand people I be inferior to . how do they do it ? ( luke shrug ) how do they do it ? all this young fuck come up , y'know . I see ‘em all the time on tv -- new fuck I never hear of -- and they get they sag card . and it 's frustrating . most of ‘em get no talent and I do ! it 's frustrating . I mean , look at you dad -- he 's practically a millionaire -- luke he wish . edward ford but he 's a success in he choose field . and look at the rest of we -- I be nothin ' but a fuckin ' waiver -- the scum of the earth -- they do not even let waiver eat until all the extras have clean out the canteen -- you be not sell nothin ' yet -- Foster 's a fuckin ' drunk , sweepin ' the street back in cov -- two whore have pull up in a car on Edward Ford 's side . blonde whore you guy look for a date ? edward ford ( turn to luke ) do you have two hundred dollar cash ? around another block they be still cruise aimlessly . 85 . edward ford I mean , lester and jed , now , they be dead , but they will always be remember through they film . they be up there , and they be in my movie book , y'know . I have be in Hollywood for nearly twenty - they head both turn as they think they spot another sleazebag on the sidewalk . edward ford ( cont 'd ) -- nearly twenty - three year . twenty - three . and I can not even get to first base . I be stick in black theatre . I be grateful to ‘em , y'know , ' cause even though there 's no pay involved they let I be bad and do bad thing -- but when we take that last curtain call , that 's it . it do not live on or nothin ' . CUT . ext . newsstand - day Edward Ford 's car pull up and luke jump out to buy the new movie magazine . when he come back Edward Ford start drive away again . luke flip through " Film comment . " luke Jesus , there 's a article here about that idiot director you know -- the one who collect weirdo . edward ford Harry blake ? -- you be kid . luke someone 's discover that wretch movie of he . they say . .. he 's a " genuine american primitive . " edward ford a primitive ? gee , Patty will not like that . luke who 's that , the wife ? edward ford yeah -- I wonder if they talk to she luke and he 's dead , be he ? 86 . edward ford yeah -- Harry die a couple year ago . luke I would like to see what he marry . CUT . int . patty blake' apartment - day luke be look at what harold blake marry . she 's sit across the room chat with Edward Ford , but for luke it 's like they be just back - projection or something , they conversation mute . Patty blake be a destroy old hag , crutch lean near she . she look twenty year older than she actual age , whatever it be by now , and she squint and strain to hear what Edward Ford be say to she . her room be the bottom of the barrel . the floor be cover with old magazine and yellow newspaper and other bit of miscellaneous garbage . and dog shit . the motheaten creature responsible for this prowl listlessly around . a black - and - white fuzzy tv broadcast midday soap opera . luke watch the dust swim in the sunlight ray that somehow manage to filter through the slime on the window next to he . the dirt - cake fly screen be tear in place and partly hang out of its frame . a little later Patty blake , support herself on she crutch , show she visitor out . Edward Ford step back after kissing she goodbye . she look at luke . patty ( indicate Edward Ford ) this be a good guy . luke yeah . int . hallway Edward Ford and luke walk away , over the shabby carpete in the bleak brown light . they go down some warpe and creak stair . CUT . int . coffee shop - day luke have a hamburger , Edward Ford a sandwich . in another booth sit a black man with a white girl who have a big bandage across half she head . 87 . at the counter sit a strange - look short man with a thin grease moustache wear funny trousers and a loud cowboy shirt . about to enter be a big -bon , craze young woman who will not be able to stop chatter weirdly to the waitress . the waitress be a older woman , once probably rather pretty , try to hold onto she dignity . luke , who 's still think of Patty blake and the foul smell of she building , watch the nut for a while . luke would you go to bed with that for you sag card ? edward ford uh -- negative . no , I would not . luke you use to do thing like that . edward ford well , that be in my young day . I just wanna meet a nice girl . if I hada nice girl I would not go round lookin ' at whore no more . just a nice girl and some bad guy part , that 's all I want luke you would not appear in a hardcore homosexual fist movie for you sag card . edward ford that be correct . I would not . no way . luke how about for a million dollar ? edward ford no. luke who would you rather sleep with , Maria ouspenskaya or beulha bondi ? edward ford you be filthy . you really be . luke glance at camera and gesture at Edward Ford as if request corroboration for the man 's eccentricity . CUT . 88 . int . agent office - day agent you have be a professional actor for twenty - five year ? edward ford ( nod proudly ) I be in a play once with dorothy Gish , so I guess that date I . summer stock . agent and you have never have a agent before ? edward ford no. not really . agent have you have any ... act training ? edward ford oh , yeah . I take a class in college . agent College ? which college ? edward ford fritz Jackson College in delaware . agent ( consult a resume ) ah , I have you correct number here right ? CUT . ext . luke's apartment build - day luke wait outside , get into Edward Ford 's car when it come by . CUT . ext . los angele county museum - day luke and Edward Ford in line at the box-office . a beverly Hills yenta by a " Russian avant - garde " poster thrust a leaflet at they . edward ford " free Soviet jewelry ( sic ) " ( give it to luke ) I do not want no free Soviet jewelry . int . museum they stroll through the permanent collection . Edward Ford be intently study a museum movie programme in he hand . edward ford say , they be gonna have a George cukor season . luke really ? what 's the matter , they could not arrange a deanna durbin festival ? too soon to do vincente minnelli again ? ( disgust ) remember when we use to go to complete William wellman retrospective ? everything ever direct by Henry King edward ford well I have not see a lot of this . luke stop at a interesting painting . luke what do you think of this picture ? Edward Ford look up at it . he have no opinion at all . edward ford ( sarcasm ) it 's swell , luke . it 's real swell . luke laugh , move on . edward ford ( cont 'd ) where 's you dad 's picture ? luke we will find it . edward ford what 's it gonna be -- some Coke bottle ? luke laugh again as they go around a corner , outta sight . ext . a SMALL college or high school build - night luke 's car go in . 90 . edward ford well , Foster call from Coventry . he , still want to try and get back out here , y'know . he 's tryin ' to scrape up the dough . I hope he make it out while I be still doin ' this play . luke whe n're you puttin ' it on at chino ? edward ford that 's next Sunday . and the woman 's prison the week after . my car better be workin ' again by then . luke do you read that five prisoner escape yesterday ? edward ford they do ? they musta hear we be comin' . int . luke's car luke find a parking space . as he shut the light Edward Ford start to get out , but then turn to look behind he , hearing noise . luke 's father have just sit up in the back seat , throw off the coat that be hide he in the dark back there . his hair be grayer than it use to be . he grin at Edward Ford . Edward Ford 's expression be completely nonpluss . edward ford ( to luke ) there 's a man with a beard in you car . luke laugh . Ben too . CUT . int . large classroom - night there be no stage . just a lot of fold chair set up in row face the front . luke and he father sit toward the back . behind they at the entrance two black student at a table sell to income people . about half the fold chair be fill . everyone else here be black . wait for the show to start . BEN . he must have get something from the sale of he parent ' house , do not you think ? 91 . unless they accumulate a lot of medical bill at the end maybe . or unless he brother get it . luke well , the cab company go bust more than a year ago , but he go down every Wednesday and still get forty dollar strike benefit -- so something keep he afloat . work as a extra here and there BEN it 's strange to think of Edward Ford as a man of leisure now . maybe it will make he even more bizarre . in some vegetate way . luke I do not know , I think he 's -- content . I mean , he have other association -- people from he church -- play card with people . BEN yes . ordinary american type . luke right . moron . BEN it 's amazing he 's find a little niche in this negro thing . like a kind of repertory situation . luke he have fun . Plays part like " white cop . " BEN what do you think they think of Edward Ford ? ( try to make luke laugh ) " heah come that honky nutcase again . " luke try not to laugh , aware of be surround by black people . Ben get serious , sigh . BEN ( cont 'd ) see , I do not think he know . he do not know . about the road get narrower as you go . luke no. 92 . BEN let 's bring he up to Bradford 's for a swim . we will get to watch he reaction . it will be like some anthropological study . edward ford in front of the classroom blackboard , play " mother " in " a hatful of rain . " the rest of the cast be black . Edward Ford be dangle a packet of dope in front of a " strung - out junkie . " edward ford one lousy spoon of morphine and I put my life on the block every time I put it in my pocket . how many time do I bring it to you ? huh ? they will give I ten year for carry that ! the audience cheer absolutely maniacally . and the prison guard at the wall look very nervous . CUT . ext . bradford house - day Three naked young man dive into the brilliant blue of a swim pool one after the other . the swim pool be in the midst of a lush Hollywood Hills set . the house be private , green all around . porch above pool Edward Ford look panicky . sitting with Ben and luke . edward ford listen , I think it 's real swell when you visit , Ben . Real swell . I be sorry you do not stay longer so 's you can come see I act more -- but , geez , I wish you know some normal people . BEN you be not go for a swim , then . edward ford uh , no . no , I think I will pass on that 93 . BEN what if this be a scene in a movie and they would give you a sag card if you go swim with a bunch of naked boy ? edward ford I would ... I would have to give it careful consideration . BEN Real careful , huh ? edward ford pretty damn careful . int . bradford house - day luke be loung in a chair watch a monte hellman movie on the Z-channel , idly flipping through the Sunday calendar . Ben and Edward Ford be still outside on the porch talk . Ben 's wife move into view , look for something in a flight bag , disappear again . Bradford be across the rambling floor of the house , dress in crickete cap and blazer , talk on the phone . bradford Christopher and Don will meet we at ma and pa maison when luke 's chair be return to , he 's no longer in it . ext . porch he 's come out to show Edward Ford something in the paper luke how would you like to go to a Harry blake film festival next week ? Edward Ford lunge to snatch the paper in excitement , freezing in that position . CUT . ext . the nuart theatre - day a long line stretch right round the block . Edward Ford 's car move past . luke I tell you there 's be a million people . shit. 94 . edward ford ( do not understand this ) geez , you be right . ( get nervous about parking now ) Holy smoke . I think there would be nobody here . ext . the line luke be a little embarrassed to be stand in line here with Edward Ford . everyone else be from the world of the hip . trendy young couple , college student talk film .. nearer the entrance be people dress as character from the most famous harold blake production , " invader from Planet ten . " t-shirt and button be be sell . a tv news magazine crew be on hand , interview people as they go in . and Laird breen , a guest speaker at the festival , be here too . edward ford there 's Laird breen . I know Laird . you wanna meet he ? he 's speak a touch too loudly . luke contrast this with he lower tone . luke no . no , I do not have to . one of the hip couple glance over at Edward Ford and luke . CUT . int . movie theatre absolutely pack . the crowd be loud and boisterous . Edward Ford and luke have just come in , wonder where they be go to sit . edward ford oh , gee . they start walk down the aisle , look for seat . Edward Ford see one in the third row on the side aisle . edward ford ( cont 'd ) well , I guess I better take that one . luke yeah , I will go back to the , uh , back 95 . he do that , somewhat relieved that it work out this way . he find a seat way at the back by the wall , get past people to slouch into it . up front two bearded type wear glass and " invader " t-shirt take the microphone . 1st beard lady and gentlemen , welcome to the harold blake movie marathon ! the audience yell , cheer , jeer , laugh , as they will continue to do with near religious hysteria throughout . 1st beard ( cont 'd ) for that of you unfamiliar with Mr. blake 's unique oeuvre , suffice it to say you be in for a very special film experience today . for that of you already use to stay up until two o'clock in the morning to catch this on you local zombie station , what can I say ? -- great cocaine demand a encore , right ! the audience go out of they head . Edward Ford sit through this nonsense impatiently . he try to look disapprove as they make a mockery of he late friend . 2nd beard we be start off the programme with blake 's own " 82 @ " -- the frankly autobiographical " the she - male " -- make in 1956 when blake be at the height of he creative power luke be likewise not participate in the audience participation , consider this crowd every bit as creepy as the Harry blake / Edward Ford world they find so hilarious . 2nd beard ( cont 'd ) a crown achievement of art povera , a film , like abel gance 's " napoleon , " in which one man 's personal auteurist vision at once refine and revolutionize the whole concept of cinema 96 . ( flashback ) int . harold blake' apartment - day harold blake , sit in a tatty chair in he decrepit apartment at the end of he life , wear just a dirty pair of trousers and a brassiere , smoking a cigarette , unshaven , a bottle next to he on a side table . the SOUND of the movie marathon continue . 1st beard voice notice , if you will , in the dialogue scene of this film the startling use of nonsequitur -- as well as the sense of heighten reality create by the constant repetition of blake 's favorite word " such " -- as in the memorable line , " such do the sand of time tell we what we have to know of the unknown . " we hear the audience howl with laughter -- as harold blake watch a few fly buzzing around he . ( present ) int . movie theatre darken now , the first film show . the audience be all sway and clap in unison to the rhythm of the film 's music soundtrack , a ludicrous scene obviously in progress . move along a row of people , all together now , the tempo of the music lead everyone to yell , " yeah ! " every few chord , we come to Edward Ford , who 's simply try to watch the film . luke be seriously try to watch it too , but in disbelief , a great grin on he face as he join in the communal mirth in spirit if not action . ( flashback ) int . harold blake' apartment Patty blake , also tank up , enter carry a couple of plate of baked bean . she set they down on the table and start to take a cracker out of a old box already there . she be at this time not quite as eerie-look as she will become , but still well on the way to she ultimate destiny of degradation . 1st beard voice then in 1958 blake produce he masterpiece -- " invader from Planet ten ! " ( audience scream ) 97 . a true marriage of idiosyncratic casting and plotting and genuine directorial ineptitude -- the film that most clearly stand today as the high perfection of blake 's mise en scene . blake have join he wife at the table , bring he bottle with he . they start in on the baked bean . 2nd beard voice pay particular attention to the now famous menagerie scene in which there be more mistake than in any other single sequence in the history of cinema . no series of image in blake 's canon answer more cogently to the total incoherency of he visual style . Patty reach for the bottle , but Harry pull it back and yell at she . she try to grab it again but he keep it at arm 's length . 1st beard voice for instance , you will see the chemist pick up a phone and start talk -- without any precede ringing or dial . and when he get attack by the giant python , notice how he have to wrap it around himself because blake could not afford a actual work model . Patty finally in fury fling she plate of baked bean at she husband . as they drip down he chest and over he bra he come after she . she get surprisingly quickly to she foot too , keep the table in the middle as he try to get hold of she , chase she around it , have finger snatching at the air between they . as a extension , he pick up he bottle and start swinging it at she as he chase , whatever drink be leave in it spilling as he do -- but Patty 's still move around the table , stumbling from time to time , but still faster than he . finally it occur to Harry blake to knock the damn table aside . he corner he wife , swing the bottle at she again , and this time it catch she chin , knock she to the floor . ( present ) int . movie theatre on the screen , in black - and - white , " fly saucer " swoop down from the sky on string . then , in a cut that do not match at all , a citizen play by Laird breen point at the sky , though he be clearly in a cheap studio set . " citizen " the saucerman be come ! 98 . cut back to the fly saucer , a exact duplicate of the previous shot of they . luke watch this travesty , never in he life see production value so shoddy . the girl next to luke hubcap . they be hubcap . as a " corporal " approach a " General " on the screen , the audience tense to speak the dialogue in sync with the actor . " corporal " and audience the superatom missile be ready , Sir . " general " and audience thank you for tell I , sergeant . Edward Ford be strain to hear the actor , not the people around he . ( flashback ) int . harold blake' apartment Harry 's in he tiny kitchen now , rummage through the garbage . SOUND be with he now . he tip the garbage out onto the floor , some cockroach scurrying away . he find a old bottle . put it to he lip , but whatever might have be leave in it have evaporate by now . in the other room , Patty blake stagger to she foot , she chin start to swell up . in the kitchen , at the tap , Harry blake put some water in the old bottle , swirl it around a bit , then drink it . Patty come in . patty ( do not sound at all well ) you shithead . he shove past she , she hit he feebly . ext . harold blake' apartment build - day Harry blake come out of he apartment , and the SOUND that follow he now be a continuation of the climax of " invader from Planet ten , " a mass of explosion , whizzing saucer effect , snatch of burlesque dialogue , crash car , siren , shriek . Harry knock on the door of a neighbor apartment . it open a touch , but when its ratty resident see Harry blake stand there in he bra pleadingly display he empty bottle the door , with difficulty , be shut . 99 . Harry start down the step into the awful little courtyard of this filthy apartment dwelling . he start to walk through it , but halfway across suddenly clutches he stomach , then , wrapping both arm tightly around himself , he keel over into the leave on the ground . blood start come out of he from everywhere . laird breen 1st beard voice Laird breen be a charter member of the harold blake stock company . Laird be revealed in the same courtyard give positive identification to a police officer before Harry 's body ona stretcher be cover up by ambulance man . two other policeman in the background try to talk to a still rave - drunk Patty blake . the present - day audience be heard clapping . ( present ) int . movie theatre Laird breen talk to the audience . breen well , we all know they be kinda cheapy -- but Harry have this kinda knack for gettin ' everybody together and gettin' this damn film make . and he be proud of what he do -- proud of just get the effect -- no matter how crappy it look . ( flashback ) ext . harold blake' courtyard the ambulance man carry the stretcher to they wait vehicle . Patty blake be still scream foully at the cop . they keep they head up to protect against sudden movement on she part . neighbor watch from a safe distance . 1st beard voice believe I , you be not hallucinate -- when you see the " bride of the crocodile " trip over the cardboard tombstone and it fall over , blake cut to a reverse angle and suddenly it 's daylight ! this be because he be go to take the film to the lab to have the sky darken in day - for-night scene , but then forget ! Patty blake fall over backwards . 100 . Laird breen , alone on the pot-hol sidewalk , watch the stretcher go into the ambulance and the door close after it 2nd beard voice and when the police car arrive -- which be just a ordinary car with a lamp stick on its hood -- and it turn a corner ? -- when it come round the other side -- completely different car ! as the ambulance carry away the dead harold blake , the SOUND of the laughter of the present - day crowd grow and grow . CUT . int . edward ford be car - night driving home from the theatre . Edward Ford be quite incense . edward ford that guy really make I mad , y'know . they really make I mad . luke I be tell you -- you should go introduce yourself -- they would go outta they head . edward ford I do not want no part of that jerk . luke Edward , you could make money on this -- this could be you big shot . edward ford y'know , be not that the way it always be -- a guy have to die before he 's appreciate . there the poor guy be -- and he always want just a little recognition for he talent -- and now this fuck be makin ' money off and he . ext . STREET a bearded , tatter mad person shadow - box vehemently , cursing and spitting into the night air . luke's voice you should be up there like Laird breen tell the way it really be . 101 . you would become a cult . they would have you down at u.s.c. twice a week . int . edward ford' car edward ford I mean , they be on all the tv talk show -- all of ‘em -- and they do not even know what they be talkin ' about ! luke they would love to hear that ! they do not wanna be inaccurate -- you stuff be ten time funnier . edward ford like they keep sayin ' that bela lugosi die durin ' the makin ' of the picture -- he die two year before Harry . start it ! luke tell they that ! edward ford poor old bela , y'know , he need some fast dough for he opium habit , so he let Harry shoot some footage on he -- then Harry do not use it for two year . luke that double he find be really something . look about as much like bela lugosi as ilsa Ford . edward ford and that 's another thing -- they say the double be he wife 's ophthalmologist -- it be she gynecologist . I know he -- I meet he once over at Harry 's . ( luke be laugh ) and y'now they say Harry have a little cameo in " the she -male ? " luke yeah -- when he really -- edward ford he be the star of the picture , for cryin ' out loud ! he be the hero of the damn picture ! luke you mean the heroine . 102 . edward ford whatever -- but that be Harry . and on the cast list , y'know , he use a pseudername ( sic ) . luke I be never go to see a harold blake movie again as long as I live , what do you think of that ? edward ford at least he get all they picture make , y'know . like Laird say -- at least he go out and get ‘em make -- which be more than this fuck who be makin ' fun of he be doin ' . ext . STREET Edward Ford 's car head back to Hollywood Babylon . CUT . ext . a SMALL house in pacoima - day Edward Ford be stand on the porch shaking hand goodbye with someone . edward ford I figure , y'know , since I be drivin ' by anyhow . it be real swell seein ' ya again . you too . he shake hand with someone else . mitzi smile at she ex-husband . her current husband be next to she in the doorway . they be leave there as they watch they visiter retreate down the path past the lawn sprinkler and they be see in totality . two very , very fat people . CUT . int . luke's car - night luke be drive this time , Edward Ford in the passenger seat luke why be I do this again ? 103 . edward ford " Cause there 's nothin ' on tv . I tell ya , I dread Monday night . I dread them . there be not nothin ' to watch . not a thing . nothin ' at all . luke this be so perverse . edward ford I know it be ! listen , if I have a nice girl I would not go out lookin ' at whore no more . luke they must know we by now . ext . around a STREET corner - afternoon the hooker in this section of Hollywood be not so great - look . there 's a bunch of they up ahead . edward ford ( drive ) oooh . oooh . he slow down . luke roll up he window because the lady be on he side . edward ford ( cont 'd ) you roll you window up . luke yup . edward ford Boy , you be chicken . luke they be killer ! and you take they home with you . edward ford ( as the car go past ) they be businesswoman , that 's all . businesswoman . ext . east hollywood - night down here they be really raw . almost all of they black . some awfully fat and ugly one . some of the fattest seem hellbent on make that a sell point , nothing disguise they thigh beyond the rim of they mini skirt . 104 . and they be beseech the driver cruise by , try to catch they eye , call hi . a beat - up car fill to the brim with mexican honk at the hooker as it drift past . Men hang around outside a wretch burger joint look evil . and through all this luke be again drive he car , with Edward Ford next to he . edward ford I tell ya , when there 's a lot of ‘em out they get bold . ' Cause they be hungry . they be real hungry . int . edward ford be car - day Edward Ford drive . they pass Hollywood High School , luke look out at the student who hang around there now -- only black , hispanics , and asian . luke ( turn to Edward Ford ) you know what I be gonna do ? this be go to be the first scene of the movie . just this , right here . driving along . edward ford ( put on a anguish face and voice ) you be not really gonna write that , be ya ? CUT . int . luke's apartment - evening a cassette recorder be turn on . edward ford' voice another time , I be sit on the crapper in Grand Central Station wider view Edward Ford be speak to a small tape recorder on the coffee table between himself and luke . Edward Ford be put on he " act " voice . edward ford the crapper cost a quarter to get in . and with a quarter you should be entitle to complete privacy when you take a crap . luke shake he head , not entirely satisfied with the progress of this interview . 105 . he lazily go off around a corner . we hear a water tap . Edward Ford continue speak -- methodically -- as always when he start something . edward ford ( cont 'd ) ( burp ) so I be sit there -- crapping -- when a homo-sexual -- sit in the next booth -- have the awdowcity ( sic ) to poke he head underneath to look at my ball . luke have reappear with a glass of water , but hearing the last have to rush away again to avoid spew it over the carpet with laughter . edward ford my reaction be spontaneous ( sic ) . I spit and kick he in the head at the same time . and when I leave , I could hear -- hear he in the next cubicle , cry and whimper . ( lean close to mike with extreme bad - guy voice ) but the little bastard have it comin ' to ‘im . ext . luke's apartment build - night the odd voice from the light top floor apartment talk on . edward ford' voice another time , ( cough ) we be drivin ' in joshua Tree National monument -- out in the desert there -- luke -- talk in you real voice -- edward ford ( do not ) -- and , uh , my author friend I go to high school with -- luke -- I will not play this for anyone , it 's just note -- come on -- edward ford -- he shit in he pants . and he just take he underwear and throw it off behind a boulder somewhere -- ( luke can not help laugh now ) 106 . and the smell be so raunchous I get out of the car . I just could not stay in that car . he take a sip from he glass of orange juice . luke have anyone ever tell you what a fertile mind you have ? a little later Edward Ford continue go over the big incident in he life . the wall of luke 's apartment be cover with movie poster : " the Sand pebbles , " " django kill , " " get Carter , " " ulzana 's raid , " ... a Michael Powell at Dartmouth College poster , a couple of luke 's father 's exhibition poster ... a kafka exhibition poster edward ford' voice ( imitate a skid row bum ) " goddamn ... sonuvabitch ... take a piss on I . " and I could feel a dark shape grope past I and shuffle out of the can . Edward Ford smoke a cigarette while he talk into the tape recorder . luke listen numbly . edward ford see , I figure over in the corner , that 's where the pisser would be , y'know -- the urinal . ( say " your-eye - nal " ) " Cause it be pitch black -- pitch black - - and I be in a hurry to take a great piss . so I just take out my thing , y'know -- and also I do not want to miss , uh , the second feature . luke that be you favorite theatre , the cosy . edward ford ( lean forward to mike ) yes -- like the little fella here say -- the cosy be my favorite theatre . in my early day in Los Angeles . I go to the close night show . and I be sad . ext . luke's apartment build - night down below in the alley at the large garbage container , a go - to- seed hippie search for item of interest . 107 . luke's voice you remember what be play ? int . luke's apartment edward ford yes , I do . " the killer " be the first picture , with edmond o'brien and burt lancaster and one of my alltime favorite actor , Noel cravat , play " Lou tingle . " and the second picture be " West of Pinto basin " with Max " alibi " terhune , Ray " crash " corrigan , John " dusty " King , and Tristram coffin -- and Bud osborne have a good part . damn good part . split screen Edward Ford remain on the leave , continue to talk , luke feed he question , while on the right he go about he life as usual . luke's voice be not he on you Big six ? Edward Ford sit in the very same laundromat he 's be frequenting all this year , watch he underwear go round and round . edward ford uh , no , not he. Tristram coffin use to be , but he get bump by Robert J. wilke . luke's voice now , he 's actually be in some good movie . in he little dusty apartment work on file card . edward ford sure he have . later he sit alone watch tv . luke's voice be he one of the guy wait for the train in " High noon ? " exactly six tv dinner be remove from the supermarket freeze food section by Edward Ford . edward ford you be darn tootin' . 108 . luke's voice of course , he moment of glory come when James coburn stick a knife in he . and he push he cart along the entire Fresh produce aisle without pause once . edward ford ( start to slip into he real voice ) yeah . " the magnificent Seven . " luke's voice do you type he in red for that ? back in he apartment he study the movie section of the newspaper , make little pencil check mark against possible choice . edward ford Nah -- he be not really a bad guy -- just a loudmouth . from the freeway off ramp he can see the white golfball - like dome of the cinema complex he 's visit one early evening . luke's voice you ought to have a point system to determine badness . I mean , you put Paul Newman and Robert redford in " the sting " in the same category as Brian donlevy in " Beau geste " or widmark in " kiss of death . " on wilcox avenue one day he pick up a slovenly young hooker hitchhiker . edward ford a bad guy be a bad guy . back in he apartment , as the hooker leave , he gargle with mouthwash . luke's voice yeah , but by you reason Captain bligh be the good guy and Clark gable be the bad guy ' cause he 's a mutineer . you would make fredric March the bad guy for steal a loaf of bread -- 109 . a impoverish black theatre group in a workshop venue put on they revisionist production of " West side Story . " the only white member of the cast , in a cop 's uniform , grimace maniacally as , with excessively overwrought gesture rivalling that find in expressionist and Revolutionary cinema of the twenties , he terrorize rebellious black youth into submission . edward ford no , now that 's different . luke's voice how be it diff -- in church Edward Ford sing along . edward ford Newman and redford be on the wrong side of the law -- they be scoundrel . outside the church Edward Ford socialize . a absurd-look ninety - nine year old Hollywood old lady with elaborately - dyed hair , countless cosmetic operation , and possibly a hunchback to boot , wave a frail wrinkle hand at Edward Ford as she totter away . old lady watch for I on " fantasy Island . " int . luke's apartment - day luke sit at he desk make note as the recorder play next to he . edward ford' voice that 's one reason I like old movie y'know -- it be always real clear . they have great cast and who you be suppose to root for be always real clear luke's voice who be the Big six ? we see they . they black - and - white publicity photo fill the screen one after the other . edward ford' voice well , lester and jed , of course . Edmund cobb. Tom London . James flavin -- he 's the only non-western actor on the Big six . and Fred Graham . emmett vogan be pretty high up . 110 . Eddie parker be gettin ' up there . I see he in ninety - eight film . resume scene luke roll a sheet of paper into he typewriter . luke's voice would you make my character a bad guy for write a script about you ? edward ford' voice probably . CUT . int . xerox shop - day luke wait at the counter . he notice some woman wait nearby , clutching she own screenplay . luke almost smile to himself , one look at she enough to confirm she loser status . he notice on he other side some talentless - look fool be give copy of he pathetic screenplay . then one of the chinamen behind the counter bring luke he copy . luke flip through one to check it out . he look at the last page . the last page of the script it read : pete' voice I be gonna make a million . CUT . the end CUT . int . edward ford' apartment - day Edward Ford leave he typewriter to answer the knock at the door . he open it to let in luke and the two people luke have bring with he -- a actor and a director . edward ford hello there -- come on in . luke do the honors , everyone shaking hand , etc . edward ford ( cont 'd ) please to meet you . the actor and director start look around . there be frame photo on the wall of lester and jed in cowboy attire , in still from they film . the library of movie book have grow to three or four shelf . 111 . edward ford ( cont 'd ) ( to actor ) luke tell I on the phone you want to see you card . kitchen Edward Ford hand the actor the master card on he . edward ford ( cont 'd ) I have see you in eleven motion picture . actor well , that cover the hot one , you know what I mean ? director ( look over he shoulder ) what 's this last one ? -- flicker theatre , October 4 , 1975 , redondo Beach . edward ford oh , that be " bordertown . " and the second feature be " assassin of kung - fu . " there be already a bette Davis picture call " bordertown " so on the card , y'know , I gotta type a explanation ( sic ) mark to make it different . actor Far out . edward ford yeah , that be a paramount year , and that be the onlyest ( sic ) paramount picture playin ' that week that I have not see . the onlyest one . director what 's a paramount year ? edward ford well , every year , the first picture I see , the studio that make it , y'know , that become the Studio of the Year and I gotta go see they picture less and I can not find nothin ' else . actor what would take priority ? 112 . edward ford well , first off would be if there be a Republic picture playin ' I have not see " cause that 's my favorite studio . I would go to see it . okay , then you would have actor of the year , Studio -- oh , and if there be any movie that be twenty year old or older I have not see -- oh , and my Big six , if one of they be in something ' ... luke stand watch Edward Ford show he file card to the actor and director . edward ford' voice then if I could not find nothin ' that meet all that priority , y'know , then I would have to make a list of new picture playin ' that I want to see , so long as I have file card in ‘em move away from luke ... and now we be -- int . SOUND stage - day -- and we pass by the director who 's quietly watch too -- and into a set of Edward Ford 's kitchen -- where another actor be dress as luke and the actor we just see be dress as Edward Ford , show he file card to another actor and director play themselves in the movie within a movie . actor ( act like Edward Ford ) then I turn over my ticket stub from last week and say the last number be three , then I would have to go to the third theatre on my list dissolve . ext . screen actor' guild - day Edward Ford come out of the Guild office , look over the application form he 's be give . dissolve . ext . edward ford' courtyard - day the mailman walk away after stuff Edward Ford 's little mailbox . 113 . Edward Ford immediately come down from he apartment , look inside , rip open a envelope . it 's he sag card . he sit down on he step to stare at it CUT . ext . airport - afternoon the sun slowly diving into the haze . int . edward ford' car he drive along the concourse , search the sidewalk wait people stand with they luggage . then , up ahead , the figure he 's look for -- a man with a old suitcase . but Edward Ford be not quite sure . he slow down as he approach . and the closer look make he certain . al foster a bloat , bulbous - nose figure now , wear very thick glass , lose most of he hair . the car pull up in front of he and Edward Ford come out of it . he walk around it to Al . they stand look at each other , then shake hand firmly . CUT . int . edward ford be car Al Foster fill up the passenger seat . al I want to reassure you that I will bea burden on you dear soul no more than a month . edward ford now , that 's okay -- you can have the couch , y'know , till you can get on you foot again . al I hope you be aware , good friend , that you be in my book . edward ford in you book ? al in my book you name be enter , Edward Ford -- as the best damn fellow that ever come down the pike . 114 . edward ford well -- we be old pal . Old high school buddy . al Old be correct . I be a old man . a old man in the industry . edward ford you can stay on the couch just as long as you want . pause . al I have several new property . edward ford uh-huh . al and I be gonna make a million this time . a cool million . ext . hazy boulevard the car drive away as the sun set . al' voice I be gonna make a million . CUT . the end