" the egyptian " screenplay by casey Robinson 3rd revise tempore : script yud y oil , 1353 she " the egyptian " fade in ext . a desolate spot on the western shore of the red sea - long shot ~- early morning ( the era be the 1 ) th century b.c . ) the scene be introduce by the blow of desert sand . when it clear we be on a very long shot toward the sea . on the shore of the sea there be a small and simple egyptian house with e smaller outbuild . there be the suggestion of movement there , as if there be people , but what this movement be can not be distinguished , for at this distance the house itself seem a tiny thing in the midst of a vast desolation . the brassy water of the sea stretch endlessly . for the rest , there be only empty desert and a circle of dry , red hill . we hear the lonely howl of a jackal , then - old sinuhe's voice on the surface of the earth there be no more desolate spot than this . ext . house - moving shot to old sinuhe on porch - early morning gamera go along with a small whirlwind which , beginning out of nowhere , whirl past the house , where camera stop . it be a simple house , make of mad brick , its formerly bright color fade and weather - beat . in the shade of &@ small entrance porch sinuhe be seat . he be 95 year old . he be write on a scroll of papyrus which run across he knee . it seem that he have write much and have little leave to write , for the roll of complete manu - seript on he leave hand be large and the roll on he right hand be small . the pass of the small whirlwind disturb he hardly at all as he bend over he scroll . close shot - portion of sinuhe and papyrus scroll - early morning he write in egyptian hieroglyphics . the hand which make the mark be cramped and wrinkle ; the mark they make be clear and incisive - the mark of a man whose think have crystallize into knowledge . as he write - old sinuhe I - sinuhe the egyptian , write this - front angle close shot - sinuhe - early morning as he continue - ( continued ) Sue lk ( cont . ) old sinuhe ~ the last chapter . he stop write for a moment , look up , and we see he eye . as a die fire retain a heart of glow coal , so do this man preserve in this eye the fire of he die life -- remarkable eye , which be sometimes alert with intelligence , calm with resign philosophy , spar - kling with mature and ironic humor , or touch with pain . he look at the desert , the hill , the sea ; bendsover to write . 5 ext . shore of the red sea - mood shot - early morning brassy water . alkaline sand . sparse vegetation . old sinuhe's voice before I stretch the brassy water of the Red Sea . 6 ext . desert and circle of hill - mood shot - early morning a egyptian monument of some sort , half crumble into dust , show in the distance . old sinuhe's voice around I be the ancient dry hill and desert . 7 angle past portion of house to outbuilding ~ soldier - early morning near the small outbuild four egyptian soldier be relieving they boredom by hurl spear at a post tar - get . midway between outbuild and house be boundary stone , old sinuhe's voice boundary stone mark the limit of my dwelling place . that be my guard ~- I be in exile . 8 ext . porch of house - old sinuhe and soldier - early morning for a moment look over to the guard , then , bend over he task again - old sinuhe how can it be that a man end he life in such a fashion ? I , who be call he who be alone , be write this -- 10 il 12 13 ih Sue 3 . ext . sand nearby - a pair of lizard - early morning be listen to the sound of sinuhe 's voice , they head cocked , they shiny eye blink . old sinuhe's voice - that some day it may be dig from Egypt 's sand and read . old sinuhe ~ early morning he look up from he work , consider the possibility of this last think , half in hope , half in doubt . then he see the lizard , and he expression alter . he be not surprised to see they , and amile at they as friend . old sinuhe but who know what tomorrow will bring ? I eam very old , and I may never finish , eh ? lizard - early morning the original pair , they head cocked as they listen to sinuhe . two or three more run in . old sinuhe - early morning for a moment lean back , wiping weariness from he eye . then , a idea strike he , he look at the lizard again . old sinuhe I will tell my story to you -- lizard - early morning perk up . they beady eye give they a air of be raptly interested . old sinuhe's voice - my only companion now . old sinuee - early morning smile in a rather odd way - old sinuhe ( with just a trace of bitterness in humor ) you have learn not to shun I <- you listen when I speak . then , warming to he idea , he begin to unroll the papyrus scroll slowly backward . ( continued ) 5h2 14 ( cont . ) 15 16 17 old sinuhe ( cont . ) I shall tell my story backward - the way a story should be tell - for a man wind the year of he life on a scroll . then unrol the scroll more rapidly , with wide sweep of he arm - let the scroll unwind ! close shot - papyrus scroll be rapidly roll backward . old sinuhe's voice half a century ! - to a day when I be forty - fivel dissolve to : ext . thebe - long establishing shot - day in f.g. , to give perspective , be a shadoff ( irrigation derrick ) with which a bent , old farm slave bucket water from a smell irrigation ditch into a smaller ditch . in b.g. be the city of thebes on the Nile River , its many - pylone temple contrast with its mo hovel , its city of the live on the East bank , city of the dead ( cemetery , etc. ) on the West . old sinuhe's voice I live in thebes - capital of Egypt , on the Nile -- and I shall tell you the kind of world in which I live --- dissolve to : ext . section of thebe ~- at a build under construction - workmen , slave , overseer , sinuhe - day the building be be erect of great limestone block . we see ordinary workmen who shape the stone with crude instrument and set the stone in place - but the focus of interest be a great sledge on which a huge block of stone be be transport . forty slave , hitched like oxen to the sledge , be try to pull it up a wet -sand ramp . overseer , who carry staff as tall as themselves , do not hesitate to belabor the back of the salve . sinuhe , dress in the clothing of a physician , stand watch . old sinuhe's voice for every free man there be a hundred in bondage . ( continued ) she 17 ( cont . ) 18 19 one of the slave drop senseless to the ground , from starvation and exhaustion . sinuhe walk to he . closer angle - sinuhe , slave and group ~- day sinuhe bend over the slave , examine he . he push back he eyelid , look into dead eye . he rise , shake he head at that who have gather around . there be no expression of horror on sinuhe 's face -~ this be the daily life of this people , not a isolate incident . camera pull back to widen angle as a indifferent overseer shrug , whacks the harness of the dead slave free with the slash of a large knife . another overseer , raise he staff - overseer oshout command ) hot - and overseer ' staff whack down on the back of the slave , who struggle , pant and sweat again . dissolve to : ext . portico and garden of a noble - sinuhe , a noble , he wife , a syrian slave merchant , slave for sale , household slave , entertainer - day ( for a portion of general atmosphere see nat 'l. geographic , Oct. 1941 , p 46h . ) under a portico face a garden a noble lie on a bed . he be fat and wealthy and he body glisten with 011 . he have a swollen , gouty foot , which rest on a cushion on the floor . sinuhe , kneel there , be bleed he , use the instrument of he time , of copper and stone . nearby be the small , wooden , portable box in which he carry he instrument and medicine . sinuhe also observe the scene . a syrian slave merchant , unctuous and fawn , be offer for the inspection of the Noble a string of women slave . this slave be of all age , country , color of skin - and the action of the sell go like this : as the merchant bring the woman and girl forward for inspection , they arrive in such a way that we see they face , can judge they nationality , beauty or lack of it , they age . but as they be present to the Noble they back be to camera . before the Noble , they lift aside they garment , so that he may inspect they as one would cattle . the woble indicate with a gesture of he ivory - handle fly - whisk he decision . all who be present at the open of this scene the Noble wave away with indifference . seat beside the Noble 's bed in a chair be the noble's wife , a haughty , proud , indifferent woman , dress in formal wig , much rich jewelry , the finest dress . if she ( continued ) she 19 ( cont . ) 20 pay any attention at all to the business between she husband , the salve dealer and the woman , it be no more than to give a momentary and indifferent glance . she cool herself with a revolve fan and she haughty look be direct for the most part to the garden , where some entertainment be be stage . there , two wrestler , one black , one white , be engage in a match . household slave and household officer watch . other entertainer , include a group of semi-nude dancing girl wait they turn to attempt to relieve the lady 's boredom . old sinuhe's voice though 8 man might have but one wife , he could own as many woman as he could afford . camere move forward to a tighter scene at the Noble 's bed . the next slave be hardly more than child , girl of no more than thirteen , fair of face and figure . as they display themselves before the Noble , he eye at last glisten with interest and desire . old sinuhe's voice there be no word in we language mean - ing sin . the Noble toss some money - silver ring - on the floor . the merchant scramble for they greedily . the Noble motion the new slave to come closer . sinuhe , as if by accident , but not by accident , drop he medicine chest on the Noble 's swollen foot . the Noble scream in pain and anger . but , as camera pull back , sinuhe , with a calm manner of indifference , pick up he case and walk away . dissolve to : ext . " the STREET to the dock " ~ crowd - sinuhe ~- moving shot - day scene begin on top a huddle of roof top , all jamme together , no courtyard - home of the very poor . camera move down into a narrow , dirty street , teeming with humanity . one can almost smell the stink in the heat and feel the bite of fly . most of the people be of the poor working CLASS , but there be foreigners too : a hittite , with a high point cap and heavy point boot ; a sardinian bodyguard , with ball and horn on helmet ; a ligyan bowman with two bright feather in he leather skull cap ; a mitanni trader in he drape and fringe garb of Babylon , push through with a couple of load donkey .... nearly naked child play in the street , boy at four-time - around and girl at bali . they scatter , ( continued ) 5 u2 20 ( cont . ) 21 press against the wall as a procession come through - a tribute - bear mission , en route from the dock to some temple or palace . this people be from the southern land of kush , ebony black moor with incredibly thick lip and ostrich feather in they cap , animal - eye woman with child carry in basket on they back . the man lead animal on chain : a couple of snarling panther on ohain , a baboon with a long mantle of grey hair , grey - hound . as this line of people clear , we move camera be approach a group of man who be gambling , throw dice , squatted in the dirt . a woman who be prepare to fry fish on a open brazier before she hut , clean the fish , acatter the entrail wherever - some hit one of the gambler , who be angry , but he companion laugh . old sinuhe's voice for the great majority it be a world of dirt , of poverty , of disease and death . some of the fish gut hit against sinuhe 's robe as he pass the gambling group . move camera pull back with he as he come along , carry he portable meki - cine case , on he way to pay a professional visit . he have to stop as a dead body be carry out of one of the hut , the body wrap carelessly in a shroud , a stiff leg show . sinuhe observe this only as a everyday eccurrence . a couple of step later he have to stop again as a line of prisoner be lead across this street from one side alley to another . they be guard by soldier . they elbow be bound behind they back . they be alike in they poverty and in a symbol which all wear stitched onto they clothing . it be the ankh , or cross of life ; something similar to the Christian cross , except that above the crossbar there be a loop : -. sinuhe watch they as they be lead away to slavery , or worse . his face harden with anger . dissolve to : ext . - series of representation of the ancient god and goddess of egypt - day this deity can be present as statue against sky or wall back , as low - relief and paint sculpture on wall , they should be select from the most grotesque , primitive and fearful - in they animal - head representa - tion ~ and might include : bes , set , ipet , sekhmet , anpu , Tet , thoth , hapi , bast , sebek , khonsu ... old sinuee's voice it be a world of superstition - of fearful worship of a hundred ancient god . ( continued ) 5h2 8. 21 ( cont . ) 22 the last of this be the deity montu , the falcon-heade god of battle , on which we arrive during : but the deity most fear and wor ~ ship , the live god , be pharaohl dissolve to : int . throne room of pharaoh' palace - moving shot - palace attendant - horemheb and baketamon ~ day camera angle be slightly down , toward floor , and camera be advance over a sea of back of people who be pros~ trate on they face before the throne of pharach . we do not see the throne at first , nor pharaoh . this people range from palace slave to soldier , military officer , courtier , official and royal prince and princess . all carry they proper insignia of office -- project above this back be military weapon , staff , and the tall ostrich fan of the most high , most near the throne . arrive at the foot of the throne , camera stop . tethere there be a lion , which lie on the floor . camera pan slowly up , pick up the golden sandal of pharaoh and he Queen , then they leg , then themselves . horemheb be stand stiffly before he throne chair , impassively surveying the multitude . on he head be the double crown of Egypt , tall , hat -like , red and white - with the sacred snake~head , the uraesus . his hand carry the lash and the crook , the black and white crook in ceremonial posi - tion , just underneath he jewele collar . many charm in the shape of stiff emblem and variously kmotted and looped ribbon hang down from he hip . on the wall be - hind he there be a magnificent mural of a battle scene which show horemheb bloodily slay hittites . ( the decoration of this room be all very military ; the atmos ~ phere of this court be predominantly military . ) at 45 this warrior - King have not lose he military carriage ; he physique be magnificent . his face , furrow by battle , be also erode by care and secret unhappiness -- he soul be sick . his queen , baketamon , be already seat in she chair of they double throne . she , also , be bedeck with full ceremonial clothing , wig and jewelry . a little more than a year older than horemheb , she be still a most beautiful woman , with finely chisele , aristocratic fea ~ ture - show the inbreed decadence of a long line of royalty . she be completely impassive ; she dark eye have no sparkle but look ahead like the unsee eye of a statue of a goddess -- she be a woman who have totally withdraw from life . horemheb sit into he throne chair . take he time , he look to he leave and down at someone on the floor . 5k2 23 2h 25 26 angle past pair on throne to high priest eie - day prostrate like the rest , he nevertheless have a eye on horemhebd . eje be a very old man , tall , thin - with the look of a ascetic go sour ~ a crafty look . a slight signal from horemhebd get he to he foot -~ he get up painfully . with he staff of office he rap on the tile floor . long shot - all - day as all rise - but silently , no buzz . they face toward the throne , we see they array , all in they place accord to they rank , the high noble nearest , they ostrich fan now form a canopy over pharaoh and the Queen , behind the right hand of the double throne be two youth , boy , son of this pair , already warrior in character , closer to throne - featuring horemheb and eie ~ day as a slight motion from horeitheb bring eie to he side . horemheb 's look ask a question ; eile bow ; horemheb look toward a side door to the room . on he face there come a strange expression - there be anger , but lurking behind it a kind of indecision , as if he dread what be come . then decision take over and he gesture sharply . eie turn toward the side door and he staff rap a order . angle to side door - moving shot coming to throne - sinuhe - military guard and officer - other in court - day sinuhe be bring in . his elbow be bound behind he back . four soldier guard he , lead by a officer who carry a whip of office . all watch as sinuhe be bring toward the throne . near throne the officer stop the soldier and all prostrate themselves , leave sinuhe to come before the throne alone , on he clothing be sew the emblem of the cross of life . he do not prostrate himself before horemheb , but look he in the face calmly . eie ( outrage ) you stand ? horemheb ( sharply , out of corner of mouth ) leave off . he be return sinuhe 's look , for this be between the two of they . it be a flood of rise anger which horemheb be try to control now . ( continued ) 5 u2 10 . 26 ( cont . ) 27 28 horemheb ( after rather long pause , as if in wonder ) be you and I once friend ? for a moment there be a flicker between they as they each remember - but the flicker be all the response there be from sinuhe -- the human connection between the two be cut off as if by a switch . horemheb ( as pharaoh , struggle against rise rage ) you be pharaoh 's friend no longer . I have be patient with you , sinuhe , but I can be patient no longeri he be shaking with rage . his hand grip the arm of he throne chair until he kmuckle be white . he pull he - self to he foot . long shot - all - day ag at this movement from pharach all go on they knee , soundlessly , automatically , like mechanically operate figure . only the Queen , seat on she throne chair , and horemheb and sinuhe , confront each other on they foot , be on a higher level than the other . closer angle at throne - three ~ day horemheb come down a step of he throne until he be near sinuhe but still tower a step above he . he point accusingly at the emblem of the cross of life on sinuhe 's breast - then suddenly rip it off the garment , tear part of the garment with it . horemheb ( insensate with rage ) I could strangle you with my own hand '' sinuhe 's only answer be a slight broaden of he ironic smile . baketamon turn she head slowly toward they . for the moment the goddess - stare leave she eye and she be a woman look at two man . baketamon ( with a edge of scorn ) whatever . pharaoh will do , let he do it quickly . both man look at she . sinuhe 's look be a rather odd one . it be color with the irony that he have show horemheb . ( continued ) 5h2 will . 28 ( cont . ) 29 30 but there be something else , too , which tell that this two have know each other as people , also . he almost imperceptibly incline he head , the barest indication of a bow . baketamon look away from he look , look straight ahead again , assume the official look , the blank stare . horemheb ( bluster because secretly abash ) he be no more than a pebble between my toe . he sit on he throne chair again . that in scene be see to rise , indicative that all in court rise . horemheb look at sinuhe again . horemeeb I banish you from Egypt . never more shall you see this land water by the nilel ( with grow rage again ) live you day in lonelinesst May you grave be unknown and you name forget ! ( lean back exhaust ) pharach have speak } sinuhe {after a pause , still with irony , still with a smile ) so be it . he turn and walk back in the way he enter . angle toward sinuhe - day as he guard fall in with he , take he from the room . angle to horemheb and baketamon - day in beg . the Queen look straight ahead , not move . horemheb look after sinuhe - with rage - and with some - thing else , which , strangely enough , seem to be shame . dissolve to : 542 31 32 33 12 . ext . house on desert - close shot of scroll - day on which sinuhe be set down the cross of life . old sinuhe's voice why do horemheb not put I to death ? be it the memory of friendship ? ( shake he head ) what do he not dare say in the hearing of the people of he court ? during which - close shot - sinuhe - day as for a moment he think , look off , then look at he " audience . " old sinuhe let the scroll unwind againl - with a sweep of he hand start the scroll roll back - ward . close shot - scroll - day roll swiftly backward . old sinuhe's voice - to a morning on the plain outside thebes - when horemhebd and I be twenty - five ! we hear the sound of the run horse and of chariot wheel , then - dissolve to : 35 36 37 38 39 ko 13 . ext . plain and hill outside of thebe - sinuhe and horemheb - long moving shot - just before sunrise go with a chariot in which sinuhe and horemheb be riding . the location be across the river from thebes , some distance out from thebes , and the city may be visible in far b.g. in this shot -- ( or , if not in this shot , in some shot during the follow sequence - one shot bein , sufficient for the purpose of establish the location ) . the terrain be plain border by hill - lion country . '' the hill be punctuate by small canyon , notably one box canyon , which be important to the action to follow . the chariot be go at high speed , quartering toward camera . it be pull by a team of horse at a gallop . closer angle moving shot ~ sinuhe and horemheb in chariot - just before sunrise horemheb have the rein . strapped to the chariot be quiver for arrow and for spear . sinuhe and horemheb be on a hunt . at 25 both be vigorously young , healthy , burst with gay spirit . long reverse angle - just before dawn they be hunt lion . a pride of this animal can be see between chariot and hill . pride of lions - just before sunrise come into action at the approach of the chariot - scatter , run - a number of they toward the box canyon . this group be lead by a large male lion who sport a great black mane . in chariot - sinuhe and horemheb - just before sunrise horemheb opoint ahead ) the Black mane ! sinuhe cut he off ! at mouth of BOX canyon - just before sunrise chariot arrive too late . the black mane male and some other lion make it through the narrow entrance to the box canyon , horemheb , thwart , momentum carry the chariot beyond the mouth of the canyon , start to swing around in a circle so as to head the chariot directly at the mouth of the canyon . close angle - sinuhe and horemheb - just before sunrise as sinuhe begin to show a little apprehension . ( continued ) 4o ( cont . ) 41 42 43 4h as she sinuhe we follow he in there ? for answer horemhebd grin like a warrior in battle , whip the team . ext . inner section of BOX canyon - general shot - lions ~- just before sunrise the entrance to this place be narrow . the canyon pene trates but a short distance into the hill , end in a sac or amphitheater of cliff , hugh rock and cave . one might call it a lion 's de for here in cave lion breed and live . the place swarm with they . there be @ lioness with cub , the black mane male . all be in a uproar , increase by the sound of the approach chariot . some of the lion , include the black mane male , leap up onto the great rock , out of reach . at mouth of canyon - moving shot - just before sunrise come in with sinuhe and horemheb in chariot . sinuhe seize a spear in each hand . horemheb , looping rein around he neck , take he bow and a fistful of arrow . almost immediately the team of horse have to pull itself up , rear , paw the air , as it arrive at a rock barrier . at chariot - fast cut - just before sunrise a maelstrom of action . roar , dust . sinuhe and horemheb whipped up to the apex of excitement . a lion , leap from a rock directly over chariot . sinuhe turn to look , have practically feel the lion as it go over . he hurl a spear , miss , the spear shatter - ing on rock . the black mane male leap past , rush out of the canyon . horemheb grab the rein , seem to pull he team around by main strength , set out in pursuit , ext . mouth of BOX canyon - from plain - just before sunrise the black mane male leap out , streak across plain . short interval . the chariot with horemheb and sinuhe emerge . ext . plain - chase - black mane male lion and chariot - just before sunrise streaking across the plain again . ' the lion disappear over a ridge chariot after . she 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 15 . ext . beyond ridge ~- mo . long shot ~ akhnaton - just before sunrise this be a peaceful spot . a small area of clean sand dune . ( if city of thebes in distance have not be see in the first shot of this sequence , this shot be suggest as a alternative . ) atop a hillock there be a piece of archi - tecture which be obviously a shrine - a small shaft ( of the kind we call cleopatra 's needle . ) kneel at the base of this shaft be akhnaton . Young ( 20' ) , frail , handsome to the point of prettiness , ascetic . he be almost in a trance of reverie . sound , distant , of chariot approach . camera pan over . come up a defile di - rectly toward akhnaton be the lion . then chariot appear behind , angle obliquely in pursuit . lion - just before sunrise raging , leap past camera . at shrine - akhnaton - just before sunrise pay absolutely no heed . from the ground he take a armful of waterlily which he have bring with he to the shrine , lay they at the base of the shaft . general shot - just before sunrise it be apparent that akhnaton be in great danger , for the lion , in he frenzy to escape , can easily tear he to piece . in chariot - sinuhe and horemheb horemheb whip the team in a effort to intervene between the lion and akhnaton . sinuhe , with bow and arrow , be try to get a shot at the lion over the back of the horse , but can not . at shrine - akenaton look around - but only with a air of be somewhat troubled at be disturb , and show no trace of fear . general shot from perspective of shrine - just before sunrise the chariot arrive just in time - lion veer off - but the chariot be overturn , spilling sinuhe and horemheb out into the sand . at shrine ~- akhnaton - just before sunrise watch they , through the film of sand and dust throw up by the smashup . then he return to he revery , look to the east with tense expectancy . 5 u2 5h 55 56 16 . at shrine - akhnaton , sinuhe and horemheb - sunrise sinuhe and horemheb pick themselves up from the sand , both very angry . : horemheb ( yell over ) idiotl he rush to quiet the team of horse and right the chariot . sinuhe , equally angry , come to akhnaton . sinuhe do not you know you could have be kill ! akhnaton look at he , he eye burn with such inten - sity , that they seem almost mad . in a voice which have a strange , delicate , almost : feminine quality , and give a add strangeness by the choke intensity of he emotion , he say : akhnaton the god be come . ( look eastward ) as sinuhe react with astonishment , horemheb stride over . horemheb what do the fool say ? sinuhe ( he astonishment be replace by amused disgust ) he say the god be come . akhnaton ( a intense whisper stare toward the east ) the god be come ! sinuhe and horemheb also look eastward . long shot to the east - sunrise the rim of the sun be just beginning to show over the horizon , flooding the world with golden light . three at shrine - sunrise sinuhe his god be aton , the sun . he be a sun worshipper . ( continued ) 5 u2 17 . 56 ( cont . ) akhnaton ( bow he head for prayer - simply but with intense emotion ) rise . shine with splendor . fill the world with you beauty so that we may rejoice . God , we father , creator of all thing , great and small -- overcome with the intensity of he emotion , akhnaton pitch forward onto he face and lie on the sand quivering . horemheb now what ail he ? sinuhe he have the holy sickness . ( go to akhnaton ) bring water . after a look horemheb go to the chariot . sinuhe stoops down by akhnaton and roll he over onto he back . the young man be unconscious . sinuhe ( still rather amused ) at least I can see that he do not swallow he tongue . he tear astripof linen from he clothing , roll it and insert it into akhnaton 's mouth . at the same time horemheb return from the chariot bring a small stone flask of water bound with reed , which he uncork and hand to sinuhe . sinuhe dampen another strip of linen with water and wash the young man 's forehead , horemheb ( with amused scorn ) look at he shiver ! but at the same time he remove he cloak and spreade it over akhnaton . horemheb even such a fool can not be leave to die . let 's get he to the chariot . ee stoops down to pick up the frail figure of the uncon - scious young man . at this instant - eie's voice ( from nearby offscene - outrage ) holdt startle , sinuhe and horemheb look over . 542 57 58 59 60 é1 angle past group to eie - sunrise ele stand on the crest of a nearby hillock . at fifty - odd he be a tall , thin , stern man . he carry a staff and wear a costume ornament with leopard skin , which denote that he be a priest of very high rank . in a rage he stride down toward they , camera come with he . eie ( accusingly ) you laid hand on he ! ( arrive ) both of youl sinuhe {in explanation , astonished and angry ) I be a physician -- horemheb ( angry ) who be this loon ? he cost we a lion} from nearby o.s. the brassy note of a trumpet split the air . all look . past group - toward hillock - sunrise from just beyond the rise the sound of the trumpet be hear again , then over the rise there begin to appear a detachment of soldier carry lance - a small detach - ment , there will be ten of they in all . sinuhe and horemheb look at each other in ewn great astonishment . sinuhe what now ? horemheb see that he team be threaten to bolt , run to they . at chariot - sunrise horemheb seize the bridle of he team of plunging horse and at the same time look around at ~ hillock - a SMALL procession - sunrise follow the detachment of soldier come a carry - chair transport on the shoulder of six slave . the chair be accompany by a couple of priest of a lower rank than ele and by a small group of courtier of ob - viously high rank who carry ostrich fan with which they shield the occupant of the chair , who be baketamon , at this time not yet Queen , but princess . close moving shot - baketamon - sunrise at twenty -six , the princess be a vision of beauty , but already cold and aloof . as she take in the scene - 62 63 sh. 65 66 19 . at chariot - sunrise still hold he restive horse , horemheb gape at baketamon with thunderstruck admiration . sinuhe enter acene , almost as astonished as horemheb . horemheb who be she ? entire group - sunrise as the procession stop near the shrine and elie hurry to the princess , the latter first look down at the pro - trate form of akhnaton , then at ele . baketamon ( to ele , severely ) be this how you watch over my brother ? ( barest turn of she head indicate she take in pair at chariot ) whe be this clod of dirt ? at chariot ~ sunrise sinuhe and horemheb be both stare , horemheb agape with admiration , sinuhe worried . eie's voice ( accusingly ) they have laid they hand on he } close shot - baketamon - sunrise her only reaction be to survey the pair at the chariot coldly . baketamon ( sharply ) seize they ! at chariot - sunrise on the sand in front of horemheb 's team , a volley of lance plunk into the ground - a half dozen of they in rapid succession . the head and thrashing forefeet of horemheb 's team be to be see as the horse rear . the horse neigh with fright . dissolve to : 67 68 69 70 20 . int , pharaoh' palace ~ throne room - portion of a ceremonial procession - temple maiden - day before we be make aware of the nature of the procession or even of the locale of this scene , we see this girl . the purpose of this open scene be that of contrast from the violence of the end of the previous scene to a atmosphere of gentle sweetness , this girl be dress in flow garment of virginal white , unornamented except for thin girdle of stone . on bare foot they move with step which be practically movement of a dance . on they finger they wear little cymbal which they make reverberate with sweet music . extremely long shot - entire court room - day we have see this room before , but not as it appear now , for while in the other instance the decoration be all warlike and violent , they be now gentle , with flower and water fowl the prevaile motif . the procession be at the far end of the room , too far for we to see to identify its participant , but we guess correctly that it be the entrance of pharaoh , he family , and principal courtier to the throne . there be a throng in the court room , all of whom be bow to the floor . closer angle - procession ~ day follow the maiden , come some priest , include ele , and courtier , who carry fan to make a canopy over pharaoh . we see that pharaoh be none other than akhnaton . beside he walk he queen nefertiti , a young woman as beautiful and frail as he . they walk with they arm around each other 's waist . directly behind they walk the princess baketamon , at she side be baketamon 's mother , the queen mother taia , a swarthy - complexion , evil and interesting old woman . in turn , come prince and prin - cess of the royal household . akhnaton carry the emblem of he office carelessly in he free hand and with they , with quiet reproof , he be gesture that in the court room to get to they foot . akenaton will you never learn that we be all friend here ? near side of room in midst of crowd - sinuhe and horemheb with military guard ~ day , at the sound of akhnaton 's voice , sinuhe raise he head sharply , but that who be get to they foot all around he block he view of the speaker . ( continued ) 21 . 70 ( cont . ) 71 72 sinube ( startle ) horemhebi that voice ! horemhebd be also stare with the intention of get to he foot . a military guard ( roughly ) on you face } there be four soldier guard sinuhe and horemheb with a under- officer whose rank would compare with that of a sergeant . it take a prod of the sergeant 's lance between he shoulder blade to get horemheb to the floor . sinuhe be already there but be alive with excitement and apprehension at what he fear he have discover . at throne - day akhnaton and nefertiti take they place on the double throne - she put she arm sbout he and ley she face against he shoulder , as the royal family , includ - ing baketamon and taia , take they place to one side and slightly behind the throne , as courtier , priest and official take they place accord to they rank - angle side door - pan to throne - three child - day rush into the room , daughter of pharaoh , the eldest seven , range down ; one with a pet monkey , one lead a pet gazelle , the tiniest with a doll ; accompany by a tumble dwarf , follow by a distract nursemaid ; rush to they parent . child ( scream with joy ) great mama ! look ! nefertiti ( as any mother to child ) peace , peace ~ papa be occupy . akenaton ( laugh ) let they play . ( to child ) show I ! 73 7h 75 76 22 . in midst of crowd ~ close shot - sinuhe and horemheb - day again sinuhe react at the sound of akhnaton 's voice . he do not raise he head this time but prod horemheb with excitement and apprehension . sinuhe ( whisper ) . horemheb ! the one we call a idiot be pharaoh ! horemheb ( amaze ) then she igs pharach 's sister ?! sound of laughter from direction of throne . sinuhe forget she and think of we ! horemheb ( in continue amazement ) pharaoh 's sisterl sinuhe do not you kmow the law ? we touch himl we will lose we head for it ! near throne - eie - day over the laughter of that around he , he rap sharply on the floor with he staff . eie ( ringing command ) the young man call sinuhe will step forwardt sinuhe and horemheb - day prodded by the sergeant 's lance , sinuhe get to he foot . sinuhe ( succinetly ) farewell , my friend . camera pan with he as he start forward , the court laugh at something at the throne , parting to let he through . : at throne - akhnaton and queen - child , family , etc . - day now the source of the laughter be reveal . a daughter of pharoah be make she monkey do trick . the dwarf , in turn , be imitate everything the monkey do . akhnaton , engross in this play , be laugh aloud . his queen be ( continued ) 23 . 76 ( cont . ) 77 78 smile . his courtier follow pharaoh 's lead , laugh also , the entrance of sinuhe into scene be hardly no - tice and seemingly not notice at all by akhnaton . sinuhe throw himself on he face before the throne and intone the customary salutation . sinuhe mighty pharaoh , King of Upper and lower Egypt , live forever and ever ... akhnaton turn he attention to he , lift a hand which stop instantly the childish game and bring silence in the court . sinuee ( continue ) Divine God -- akhnaton ( in a tone neither friend - ly nor unfriendly ) you have foot , sinuhe ~~ stand on they . sinuhe look up in astonishment . he scramble to he foot but immediately bow he head contritely and respect - fully . akhnaton and look at I . sinuhe raise he head and look at he . close shot - akhnaton - day his strange eye seem to bore into sinuhe . close shot - sinuhe - day he start to open he mouth as if to say something - to make some defense - but remain silent . wider angle - group - akhnaton - day akhnaton {his tone still im - personal ) you be the son of senmut , who be eall the just , who life near the river dock and be a physician to the poor ? sinuhe his foster son . ( continued ) 79 ( cont . ) akhnaton Foster ? what mean you ? sinuhe that I be bear a orphan . akhnaton so? relate this . ( lean forward ) sinuhe . I know only the little that I have myself be tell . on the day of my birth , I be cast adrift on the Nile , as be the custom with unwanted chil - dren - in a boat no larger than a eradle , make of reed , daube with pitch , and tie with fowler 's mot . 80 in section of royal family - queen mother taia and 81 82 baketamon - day the old lady give a start . she lean forward , she eye glisten with a strange excitement , with a unconscious gesture she grip baketamon 's wrist , whose usual aloofness be enough disturb that she look at she mother with curiosity . sinuhe's voice ( continue from o.s . ) my parentage be unknown . the woman I have learn to call my mother see I float past when she be at the river wash clothes and pull I from the water , because she be childless , she thank the god and carry I home - and she and senmut have raise I as they own . taia ( harshly ) in what year ? angle favoring akhnaton and sinuhe - day akhnaton turn to look at he mother in surprise . other also , include sinuhe . angle favoring taia and baketamon - day taia in what year be you bear , to sur - vive thie river voyage ? ( continued ) 25 . 82 ( cont . ) 83 8h 85 86 sinuhe in the same year as pharaoh - so itve be tell . tata in what season of that year ? akenaton be there any point to this question , mama ? taia ( veiling she eye ) curiosity only . : she seem to relax . akhnaton ( to eie} proceed , call the other . eie ( rap with staff - command sharply ) the young man call horemheb ! taia and baketamon - day though the queen mother have seem to relax , in actual - ity she have not at all but continue to study sinuhe . un - eonsciously she still retain she grip on baketamon 's wrist and the latter have to forcibly remove she hand . then baketamon look off in the direction from which she hear a buzz of excitement . long shot - from baketamon' perspective ~- day horemheb be walk sturdily toward the throne . his bear - ing , he magnificent physique , cause a stir of interest , and especially from the woman . close moving shot - horemheb ~ day he walk like a soldier . at first he eye be obviously direct toward the throne , then he look shift in such a manner that we know he be look at baketamon . taia and baketamon - day baketamon be well aware of horemheb 's look and she eye brighten with a answer fire . taia pluck at she sleeve . taia this young man they call sinuhe -- ( continued ) 86 87 88 89 26 . ( cont . ) : it 4s with a bit of a start that baketamon come enough to herself to look at she mother . taia note he feature ! baketamon glance toward sinuhe at the throne but then immediately look toward horemheb again . general angle of throne - day as horemheb arrive before the throne , he be still look - ing at baketamon . slowly he transfer he look from she to akhnaton , he do not make the usual reverence but only look steadily at the monarch , there be a buzz of excitement at this audacity . sinuhe and horemheb - day sinuhe grow afraid for he - try to signal he to make the reverence , but horemheb do not see . horemeheb pharaoh be both god and man . May I speak to the man ? general shot - day there be a additional buzz at this additional imperti - nence , if akhnaton be surprised he inscrutable face do not show ith akenaton {after a pause , with @ slight smile ) speak . although akhnation be smile , it be by no mean a friend - ly smile ; lurking in he amusement there seem to be also danger to horemheb . horemheb I be a graduate of the military School and it be my wish to enter pharaoh 's service as a warrior . on the day of my birth a god in the form of the sa - ere falcon perch on we roof , fore - tell my destiny - that I would one day rule over a great army and a great woman ! ( he look over toward baketamon ) there be actual gasp at this audacity . 90 91 92 93 9h 27 . close shot ~- baketamon ~ day she stare intrigue at horemheb . at throne - day akhnaton look over toward baketamon , back to horemheb . as sinuhe watch , nervous for horemheb - akenaton ( with deceptive mild - ness ) I have never hear of you until this day , horemheb . who be you parent ? be you father perhaps a commander for my father ? the shot tell . horemheb be suddenly possess of great embarrassment . horemheb my parent --- he glance at baketamon , back again - remain silent , akhnaton ( with a dangerous smile ) you be bold enough in speech before ~- speak now , horemheb my parent be maker of cheese . there be a roar of laughter from all around . but akhnaton do not laugh . nor horemheb , sinuhe or baketamon . horemheb - day he turn he face toward baketamon , no longer so proudly but with a appeal , baketamon - day turn she face away from he , she interest in he dead , she pride insulted . general shot of the throne ~ day akhnaton glance from baketamon to horemheb once more . eie ( with as mich impa - tience as he respect for akhnaton permit ) May I proceed ? ( continued ) 28 . 9h ( cont . ) 95 96 97 98 akena ton do . eie then first sinuhe - step forward ! sinuhe take a step or two forward . eie impressively unroll a large leather scroll , : bie all know the law . the sentence be death , ele turn and signal into background , pan shot from background to throne - day a executioner , a brawny fellow who carry a long sword , follow by a assistant executioner , who carry a large copper bowl , come forward , take he place near sinuhe , the assistant place the bowl on the floor in front of the throne . onlooker be tense with suspense . eie ( announce generally ) and all have knowledge of the tradi - tion --- only in the sacred will of pharach be it know whether the sword will fall with the edge -- he make a gesture with he hand , hold it out perpen - dicularly , with finger and thumb in a line . -- or the flat , he change he hand to a horizontal position . sinuhe and horemheb - day sinuhe turn , try to smile at he bravely , horemheb , reassuringly . then sinuhe look openly et akhnaton , sinuhe so let it be . akhnaton - day study sinuhe , he look inscrutable . general shot - day sinuhe kneel , bow he head forward over the bowl , 99 100 101 102 29 . taia and baketamon - day again the Queen mother be possess with intense excite - mont , lean forward , eye glisten , again uncon - sciously seize baketamon 's wrist . the latter look at she , wonder what possess she . general shot - day akhnaton nod at executioner . the latter swing he sword high in a arc , eye on pharaoh . only at the moment that the sword begin its descent do akhnaton extend he hand - horizontally . the executioner check the momentum of the sword , which come to rest with the flat lightly touch - ing sinuhe 's neck , there be a audible sound of approval from the onlooker . sinuhe - day look up at akhnaton as one deliver from the dead , general shot - day akhnaton smile , in b.g. , taia relax she grip on baketamon 's wrist , smilingly also , but strangely . akhnaton as sinuhe you be dead , rise as a newborn man . sinuhe get to he foot , he face alight . look always at akhnaton he extend a hand behind he - horemheb grasp it . akhnaton with you new life I give you a new name which shall be write in pharaoh 's Golden Book , which shall be " he who be alone , " in consequence or you orphan birth and journey down the river . he toss down to sinuhe a " honor " in the form of a jewele " chain " ( necklace ) , which sinuhe in he intense excitement almost fail to catch . akhnation be now smile openly , even with affection , at sinuhe . he speak again , and with each phrase toss down another jewele , golden honor , in the form of a necklace , a bracelet , a scarab -- akhnaton never will I forget that you laid you hand on I in peel : I make you physician to my household - and may God prosper you , ( continued ) 30 . 102 ( cont . ) 103 10h , 105 106 - until sinuhe , overwhelm , cannot believe he good fortune , there be a scene of joy and approval from all , the dwarf and the monkey be cut caper . even eie be smile , until - eie ( cut through ) horemheb ! stand forward ! instantly all sound cease . sinuhe 's joy be quench , as he realize that in he personal joy he have forget he friend . sinuhe and horemheb - day as sinuhe look at he , ask pardon . horemheb ( smile a touch wryly ) I fear that this sword and my neck will have a pass acquaintance , general shot - day as horemheb step forward , have decide at any event to die like a soldier should , eie ( routinely ) all kmow the law - the sentence be death - in the will of pharaoh -- akhenaton ( interrupt ) one moment , High Priest . all look with surprise toward the throne . akenaton in this case I wish the will of my sister baketamon to guide the sword . he look rather impishly at baketamon . all gasp and look toward she , baketamon - day at first look only very startle at akhnaton . intercut between horemheb and baketamon - day he look with hope toward she . she look slowly from akhnaton to horemheb . slowly a look of haughty pride , of disdain , even a amile of derision show on she face . horemheb read what be so obviously she decision . as he start to kneel - 107 108 109 110 lil lie 31 . general shot ~ day as horemheb , kmeel , extend he neck , there be a buzz in courtroom and - a voice ( hear from crowd , unidentified ) pity he . sinuhe be tense , afraid . the executioner move into a position from which he can watch for baketamon 's signal . she be smile cruelly . she nod . the executioner swing high the sword and at the same time baketamon extend she hand <- vertical . only as the executioner 1s about to start he downward swing do she change she mind and make the gesture horizontal . there be a sound from the crowd - excitement only as the flat of sword come to rest lightly on horemheb 's neck . sinuhe - day sinuhe breathes a deep breath of relief . akhnaton - day look curiously toward baketamon , clearly greatly sur - prise . horemheb - day raise he head slowly to look at baketamon , not so much in gratitude as in a sort of triumph . baketamon - day lower she hand , which until this moment she have hold in the gesture of clemency . but there 's no clemency in she expression . there be still only derision . general shot - day horemheb get to he foot , unbidden by pharaoh . he con - tinue to look only at baketamon during all that follow . akhnaton look at horemhsb . there 's no like in he look . he shrug . akbnaton my sister have show the way , pharaoh but can follow -- I grant you you wish , horemheb - appoint you a officer in the Palace Guard . he toss down a jewele collar which strike against horemheb and fall unheeded by he to the floor . sinuhe , startle , rush to pick it up . akhnaton smile . ( continued ) 32 . 112 ( cont . ) 113 akenaton I remember that though you think I a fool you spread you cloak on I when I shiver . he toss down several more honors but with the manner of toss they away rather than bestow . this like the first fall unheeded to the floor . there be conster - nation in the courtroom and sinuhe frantically gather the honors to which horemheb pay no heed . akenaton God have command I to love all man and so I will try to love you . baketamon and taia - day baketamon turn to taia , she derisive expression alter only by a more derisive smile . baketamon a cheese maker ! dissolve to : 1k 33. ext . " the STREET to the dock " - moving shot - sinuhe and horemheb ~ passersby - night there be a number of drink place along this part of the street and the atmosphere be rather gay . Light shine from a tall column of a street lamp , - a open flame . Music come from some interior - probably ' syrian music , some soldier with girl - a mix crowd -- someone pass in a carry chair with runner go ahead shouting , " make way i '' 2 ... sinuhe and horemhebd be slant across the street toward a inn above the entrance gate of which be display 4 huge dry crocodile which give the place its name , " the crocodile 's tail . " wearing all the honors which akhnaton have this day bestow on they they have set out to make a night of it - but only sinuhe be in the mood , horemheb be rather glum . horemheb she command we arrest ! she give the signal which save my life ! when I try to thank she , she all but spat at I ! who can understand a woman ! sinuee ( laugh ) if we could understand they , we might not love they . horemheb ( with a trace of bitterness ) easy enough for you to talk ~ you aim be on a tavern girl . sinuhe how little you know she . half my trouble come from be half in love . when a man give he heart he give he power - a woman be take in com - pletely only by a man who do not believe a word he tell she . horemheb ( scoffing , but lighten - ine to better humor ) listen to he who have yet to seduce he first slave girl ! sinuhe laugh , agree ; hug horemheb 's arm . sinuhe but tonight will be another story . the sweet little one say no to a poor physician - ( continued ) 542 3h . 114 ( cont . ) 115 116 sinuhe ( cont . ) ( jestingly display jewelry = but who can resist the glorey of fharaoh 's physician ? laugh , they go through gate . int . passage leading to inn - sinuhe and horemheb - two merchant - kaptah ~ night this be a corridor - ( could be a small courtyard ) - which lead to the principal room of the Inn . there may be wine jug store here . two merchant be leave the . Inn en route to street , follow by kaptah , a slave , dress in rag , possess of one good eye and one blind eye , over the socket of which he wear a dirty patch - and who be make a fervent " pitch " to sell himself kaptah great merchant , buy I at a bargain} feed I on crust of bread and water ! beat I whenever it please youl fail with they as they go out into street , kaptah see sinuhe and horemheb , who have enter , reverse himself , follow they , attaches himself to sinuhe . kaptah Noble lord , beloved of pharaoh , let I be you slave and dog ! pay no heed to kaptah - sinuhe ( to horemheb , hide pharaoh 's jewelry in cloak ) hide we glitter until she come to the table - take she by surprise ! horemheb hide he jewelry , like sinuhe ; they go in ; kapteah follow . int . " the crocodile's tail " - sinuhe , horemheb , kaptah - customer and serving girl - moving shot ~ night it be a tavern for the middle class , fairly well patron - ize , customer be serve by girl . wall be decorate with trophy from far place , include savage ! weapon . as sinuhe and horemheb come in , sinuhe , look for some - one pe do not yet see , kaptah attach to sinuhe like a eech - ( continued ) sh2 35 . 116 ( cont . ) 117 118 119 120 121 122 kaptah take note that I have only one eye , physician ! a blemish ? - nay ! - with it I shall make you fortune when I go into the street proclaim that formerly I be totally blind until you skill restore half my sight ! conscious of kaptah only as a vague disturbance , sinhue toss back to he a few copper , alm for a beggar , to get rid of he . kaptah scramble for they . across room - angle to merit - night a serve girl , who turn from something she be do , look across the room at - from merit' perspective - sinuhe , horemheb , kaptah - night the two friend take they place at a secluded table . close shot - merit ~ night merit be a girl of about sinuhe 's age . she wear a simple linen dress , a linen headpiece , a silver ring in one ear , silver bangle on she wrist . by character she be self - possess , honest , frank , possess of a sharp tongue , whether use for humor or seriousness . her face be comely , she eye warm and live , and always have a mingling of a smile and sorrow in they . just now - as she look over at sinuhe - it seem that it be the sorrow which become accentuate , from merit' perspective at table - sinure , horemheb , kaptah - night the slave , have gather the last of the copper , sit on floor near sinuhe , attach even more firmly to he - a act which horemheb note , but not sinuhe , who have just catch sight of merit . wider angle - merit - night see sinuhe 's eye on she , she turn away , place a wine jug and two drink bowl on a copper platter , go out of scene toward table with they . at table - sinuhe , horemheb , kaptah - then merit - night see merit come , sinuhe , take even more care to hide pharach 's jewelry , smile with eager anticipation . horemheb , because of he own unhappiness , share only part of sinuhe 's feeling . the slave watch with he one eye on sinuhe . when merit enter scene , sinuhe 's expression ( continued ) 36 . 122 ( cont . } change to astonishment - for she do not so much as look at he , nor at horemheb , but approach the table as to stranger , she eye on the tray , she mind apparently only on what she be do . in this manner she begin to serve the wine . sinuhe stare at she . decide that this must be some game she have invent out of caprice , he open he cloak with a gesture which he think she cannot miss , dis - play pharach 's honors . horemheb , alert , sense some - thing , do the same . not a reaction from merit , she eye on table and what she be do . in consternation , sure now that this be a deliberate caprice , sinuhe be put to the necessity of offer - sinuhe happy be the loveliness of the night . no response . in consternation sinuhe throw a glance at horemheb . merit , finish with she business with the wine , in a tone which plainly say that it be only the customary phrase of every serve girl to any customer - merit May it benefit you . - turn to go . bewildere , sinuhe can do nothing except finally to reach out and grab she skirt to stop she . sinuhe merit ! she stop , nothing more , refuse to resist the pressure of he hold on she clothing , but not make a move to turn . sinuhe what foolishness be this ? merit foolishness ? it be you usual wine , my lord . if you be not pleased ~~ sinuhe merit ! stop it ! itve come to bring the most wonderful tiding - ( get angry ) - which you could see if you be not blind ! merit ( interrupt , a touch sharply ) you fame have arrive before you , physician to the King of Egypt . ( continued ) 37 . 122 ( go .1 ) he stare at she with mouth open . horemheb be become amused at sinuhe 's discomfiture - misery loving company . kaptah 's single eye be alertly take in everything be - tween the girl and he choose master . sinuhe ie that all you have to say ? merit no . I also have to say that as you sit there clutching my skirt , you have the manners of a green boy who wish to approach a serve girl . he drop she skirt like a live coal , throw a look at horemheb . horemheb laugh . sinuhe be stung . he look back , see that merit have go . he jump up and , camera move with he , follow she , grab she , whirl she around , camera put they alone in close shot . sinuhe be this some game ? merit ( seriously ) no , sinuhe , I be not play . sinuhe ( hold she shoulder , even shaking she ) for year have we not say that some day the hand of fortune might reach down , lift I from poverty and bring we we dream ? merit ( smile , but sadly ) for you I be happy . for myself --- why should I be happy for something which will separate we ? sinuhe Separate ? -- merit ( with bitterness ) the stairway in pharaoh 's palace do not lead to the servant ! quarter , my lord . sinuhe stare at she a moment , then burst into laughter . sinuhe stop it , merit -- take off you apron -- ( continued ) 122 ( cont . 2 ) 38 . sinuhe ( cont . ) ( try to remove it ; she stop he ) a boat wait on the river with wine and music . merit ( stubbornly ) no. sinuhe ( stare again ) I can not understand you . merit can not you ? ( cuttingly ) my name be merit , and this be a decent tavern , and I be not so far from be innocent - as you should know ! sinuhe ( take she in he arm , caress ) but surely you know how I feel -- ? merit ( for the first time furious ) exactly . ( twist out of he arm ) and what you want of may ( slap he face ) and for what you want , I recommend that you go elsewhere ! ) 123 wider angle toward table - night from which horemheb and kapteh have be take it all in . kaptah ( jump up eagerly ) I know just the place , master ! there be a wondrous party tonight = right next door to the Temple of the goddess of Love } merit ( now thoroughly angry ) why do not you gol ( with sarcasm ) I be sure that pharaoh 's physician would be most welcome ! ( continued ) 123 ( cont . ) 39 . horemheb ( laugh ) sound ideal . merit and take you friend with you ! horemheb why not ? sinuhe ( goad from both side , agree ) yesi why not ? ( with angry humor ) she be a better physician than I be -- as a cure for one woman she pre- scribe another ) merit {in such a fury she be near tear ) just go there ] - and then dare ever to come back to I } kaptah ( eagerly ) shall I hire a carry chair for my lord ? sinuhe ( to horemheb ) who be he ? horemheb ( laugh ) you slave -- you buy he . sinuhe do I ? ( to kaptah , accept he , too ) hire a chair ! kaptah scoot out toward door . horemheb get up , all ready . sinuhe turn back for a last thing to merit . sinure and may you precious virtue warm you like a woolen blanket on cold winter night ? as she watch - 52 12h 125 ko . from merit' perspective - sinuhe and horemheb ~ night march toward the door . close shot ~- merit - night look after sinuhe . her anger turn to regret , tear fill she eye . dissolve to : 126 127 128 qa . int , wefer' house - central hall ~- low angle close shot - a cat - nefer be legs - some dancing girl in b.g . - night General description of set : we be in a smart city house in which a party be in progress ( see illustration wat'l geographic Oct. 1941 p 505 ) . there be food , a buffet table heape with it , with fruit and flower . there be flower everywhere -- tub of grow plant and basket arrange cleverly with flower , fruit and vegetable . alli of the guest wear flower , garland around they neck and single blossom in they head - dress -- many of the guest carry single blossom in they hand , slave carry around wine vase drape with flower - and even the tall pink colum which support the ceiling of this two-story hall terminate with carv - ing represent open lotus bloom . all of this be general description which be to be fully disclose only as we go along , for scene open on a close shot of nefer 's cat . the cat wear a color collar which ts studd with gem and it be tethere to the leg of a armehair , which chair be on a slightly raise dais and be decorate with symbol of the cat-head goddess , bast . there be a woman seat in the chair but of she we see only a pair of beautiful leg beneath a sheer linen garment with jewele anklet above jewele sandal . the cat be rub against the leg . in direct b.g. , we have a more or less clear suggestion of some dancing girl who move with sensuous , feline grace to o.s. music of harp , lyre , guitar , tam bourine , pipe and flute . as the cat look o.s. , its attention apparently arrest by something - mo . long shot toward double entrance door to hall - sinuhe and horemheb - night again the scene contain the suggestion of the dance girl along one side of screen , and we may also see at least a portion of the orchestra the member of which , like the dance girl , be slave girl - but the focus of attention be the ' door through which sinuhe and horemhebd enter . they come in like stranger arrive in unfamiliar surroundings . by entrance slave servant , both man and woman , enter to they , stoop , remove they sandal and begin to wash they foot in rich bowl . close angle - sinuhe and horemheb - night look around and then look at each other as if to say , '' this ig not so bad . " of the two horemheb be the more at ease , for sinuhe still be uncomfortable as a result of he quarrel with merit . 129 130 131 the cat - nefer - night almost immediately a pair of arm deck with jewelry reach down into scene , take up the cat , and we see wefer , she be very beautiful , with a experience look about she . her hair be dyed blue , and be sprinkle with gold and silver powder . she wear much red jowelry . her eyebrow be blacken and beneath she eye be paint @ green shadow . but greener than all green be she eye themselves . holding the cat on she lap , stroking it , she look off at - same mo , long shot toward door as before - sinuhe and horemheb - two lady - night the slave have complete wash the guest ' foot and as they replace they sandal and rise a lady enter scene . she be very attractive , wear a garland around she neck and carry another . this she put around the neek of horemheb who be nearest she and - lady > ( smile invitingly ) come ? she offer she leave hand . horemheb grin back at sinuhe , take the lady 's hand and allow himself to be lead o.s . sinuhe smile after he until he feel a garland of flower slip around he own neck , turn and see that a 2nd lady be smile at he and offer she hand . @nd lady come ? suddenly sinuhe find himself embarrassed and realize that the impulse which have bring he here with horemheb will not mecessarily carry he farther . sinuhe ( mutter , shaking he head ) you will pardon ... he manage to convey with some gesture that he have some business with someone over there , move away , edging along the wall . nefer - niget watch he , she interest pique . then with a gesture of she hand she swmmon two negroes , great black giant who stand guard behind she chair . they spring forward . one of they carry a ebony box . nefer look away from sinuhe long enough to open the box , select a modest piece of jewelry which she toss off to - 132 133 13h 135 136 137 43 . past dancing girl to nefer - night the leader of the girl catch the bauble . instantly the dance and the music stop . the leader bow and the dancer run away . nefer turn to look back at sinuhe . moving shot go with sinuhe - night he move among the merrymaker try to look as incon - spicuous as possible . two slave enter scene from the opposite direction carry a image of the god , osiris , & small mummy -image on a decorate bier , accompany by a butler who be say to one and all , and to sinuhe , the customary - butler eat , drink and be joyful - for no one know what tomorrow will bring . the image be follow by girl slave who bear cake and other who bear wine . a girl slave ( to sinuhe ) honey cake , my lord ? painfully aware of be a uninvite guest , sinuhe never - theless take a honey cake . slave girl wine , my lord ? thus press , sinuhe take a glass of wine and , with the goblet in he hand , chance to look up and see - from sinuhe's perspective - nefer - night be look directly at he . sinuhe - night be strike by two thing simultaneously : a feel that this be the most beautiful woman he have ever beheld , and a sharp guilt that he be uninvite here . he turn away , drink the wine at a gulp , put the goblet on the tray of the slave who be just go away and with this same movement slip out of sight behind some guest . nefer - night smile , she boost the cat off she lap . turn and signal to a harpist in b.g . close angle - harpist - night who strum he instrument and begin to play . 138 139 5a uy . at a side wall near nefer - sinuhe - night be pretend to be interested in a mural on the wall . it be a rather remarkable mural , cretan in origin , which show the use of train cat for stalking game . sinuhe feel something rub against he leg and look down . low angle - nefer' cat and sinuhe - night the cat be rub against sinuhe 's leg . sinuhe stoops down into scene , stroke the cat , glad to have something to do . then , when he see that the cat 's leash be be tightened and that the cat be be pull away , he look up . past sinuhe to nefer - night as he stare at she , he feel that although she 1s not smile at all , she business of draw the cat toward she convey a invitation . sinuhe and nefer - night as he follow the cat , as if draw by ea magnet , to she . sinuhe ( somewhat awkwardly ) be this you home ? nefer this be my home and this be my guest . sinuhe then it be to you I must apologize -- nefer oh ? sinuhe ~ for be here . I come because of my friend - who be miserable in love ... ( start to remove garland of flower ) I will leave , she reach out and take one of he hand to prevent he take off the flower . at the same time - nefer that officer ? she slowly turn she head and look across the room . 142 143 4s . across room - horemheb and lady - night be seat together drink wine , from she garland the Lady take a blossom , hand it to horemheb . sinuhe and nefer - night she turn to he , find that he be look at she in a manner which plainly say that he have not take he eye off she . her hand be still rest on he in the gesture she use to prevent he remove the garland of flower . after a long pause - nefer ( with a light jest ) have you never see a woman ? sinure hundred -- in the state the god create they -- I be a doctor . she slowly take away she hand . sinuhe but I have never see a woman like you . nefer ( pleased ) oh ? sinuhe you eye be greener than the Nile in summer -- what be you call ? nefer in they foolishness man give I the name which mean beautiful . . sinuhe kefer. {after a pause ) goodnight . ( start away ) nefer why do you go ? he stop and look at she frankly . sinuhe because man bring you rich gift for as little as a smile and I be only a poor physician . because ... you will laugh et I ... I have never look at any woman except with the eye of a doctor . ( continued ) sh2 143 ( cont . ) 1s nefper ( she eye flicker , she smile ) can this be true ? sinuhe ( shake he head ) in the Temple School it be forbidden . since ... her eye have a different look , be glisten with a veile but deep excitement . nefer of all the gift that a man can bring to a woman which be the only one which be above all price ? sinuhe I can not say . neper his innocence , of course - which he can give only once . ( after a long pause ) late at night my garden be beautiful by the lotus pool . as he make a move she turn away - to greet a guest who enter -- a man whe obviously be a rich merchant , to whom she extend both she hand , not look any more at sinuhe . sinuhe - night lock at she , he pulse pound . dissolve to : ext , nefer' garden - the lotus pool - nefer and sinuhe - night shot begin on she . lying on a couch of mat by the lotus pool , she play with she cat . as camera pulis back to include sinuhe , seat by she , hypnotize - ( lightly ) do you know why the goddess of love be portray as a cat ? ( continued ) 52 145 ( cont.} 47 . sinuhe ( shake he head ) nor do I care . ( earnestly ) nefer - listen ! ( hand go to pharaoh 's chain around he neck ) all of value I possess be give I by pharaoh , which be not right I give away -- ( 1s take off chain ) nefer ( put she hand on he to stop he ) what you must think of I ! I have ask for nothing . ( rest he hand , in she hand , on she stomach as if by accident ) but first you shall hear why a passion be like a cat and why a woman , too , be like a cat - for both have claw which can rip and tear into you heart , and both can torment they prey . I tell you this because I would be honest with you . leave I now - ( lightly ) - or you may live to forever regret it . sinuee you know I can not leave ! she sigh a little as if weary of the game , nefer '' so be it then . as she push the cat , make it run away - dissolve to : 146 ext , nefer' house - long shot - sinuhe - dawn the street be desert . sinuhe come out of nefer 's gate - walk away . dissolve to : sh2 147 148 149 150 151 48. int . inn " the crocodile's tail " - merit and kaptah ~ day at first we see only merit . she be sweeping the floor with a rush broom , actually she be use the broom more as a weapon than a clean instrument , for she be very angry , and be say - merit what business be it of mine where he spend he time ! as camera movement disclose kaptah who , very distress , be plead with she . kaptah this morning he bid I send away all he patient to other doctor ! when I try to talk with he , he beat I ! he send for a barber and have himself anoint with sweet - smell oil ! he order a chair , so that he would arrive at she house with he foot un - soile with dust ! he be madden ! close shot - merit - day struggle with herself , about to make another sharp retort , suddenly go bleak . merit ( quietly ) bring he to I if you can , dissolve to : int . nefer' bath and anointing room - close shot - nefer - day she be be give a bath by a slave maid ~ partially visible ~ who pour bucket of warm water over she . the water be wash the blue dye out of she hair , show its natural color . somewhere in the house mute music be to be hear , to which nefer be hum - until she look over and be remind of the presence of someone o.8. , and little think wrinkle cross she brow . near bath - sinuhe - day seat on a stool , be look toward she , devour she hungrily with he eye . he be distract by the pass of a woman slave . general scene - tight shot - group - day bath be no private function with nefer . in addition to sinuhe and the slave may there be present she customary ( continued ) ho . 151 ( cont . ) negro guard , one hold she ever present jewelry box , and a pet dwarf , who be teasing nefer 's cat . on two e side of she bath trough there be a l-shape partition - almost shoulder - high - which block a complete view of she to both camera and sinuhe . the woman slave who have enter carry a small scroll , some message , which she hand to nefer . wnefer unrolis it , begin to read . 152 insert - message - day in egyptian hieroglyphics - a short message . Water from nefer 's bath , color blue from she hair dye , be wash away the ink on the papyrus , make the message disappear . 153 close shot as possible holding nefer and sinuhe - day her eye flicker with secret satisfaction before she toss away the parchment . she look toward sinuhe and - nefer ( carefully light ) be it malice or stupidity that bring you here today , sinuhe ? he be greatly surprised . nefer what do you want ? his eye flicker . nefer be I not generous with you ? but yesterday be yesterday and today be today . I be a woman who life alone and must see to the future - ( with mockery ) - when you love will have cool and only wolf be at my door -- ( with careless frankness ) - and today a merchant have arrive from Babylon -- sinuhe react with a start of anger , listen incredulously to - nefer - with a anklet of wondrous ruby red as blood - which I think tomorrow can be mine . sinuhe 's face flush and harden with anger . continue 542 ( D ) she 50 . 153 ( cont . ) 154 , 155 156 157 nefer ( with a bite ) now be off . he stubbornly look at she . she give he time to think about it ; with she manner of light coldness order she may by gesture to cease pour water and wrap she nakedness in linen . sinuhe - day still look stubborn . slowly he come to a decision . he gesture to someone off and the negro with the ebony box enter scene , he face a cynical mask . hating to do it , sinuhe strip he person of the honors akhnaton give he and begin drop they one by one into the box . wefer - day note this - not show he that she note it - and with a secret expression which be a small part satisfaction and most part cynical amusement . sinuhe - day look at she as if to say that this be he answer to the merchant with the ruby anklet , for this be he all . pan shot - day nefer walk lightly to he . her linen wrapper cling to she wet body . she smile at he . for a moment she rest she hand on he hair . he smile , think all be well . nefer why must all man be such liar and deceiver ? as he look change to astonishment she turn away and walk lightly to she anoint room . at the door she stop , turn . nefer confess that you be not altogether as poor as you pretend . I believe you have a house , a slave and valuable instrument of fine copper and stone . sinuhe ( in violent protest ) I need this ! I ama doctor ! she shrug , go into the anoint room as if she have drop the subject . she put aside she linen wrapper and lie on a table - partially out of view . a slave may already wait in there for she and be see to begin to anoint she body with oil . she 158 159 160 si. sinuhe - day 4s a victim of a struggle between anger , resentment and desire , the anointing table - nefer and her servant maid - day exchange for a moment a secret know look , before - nefer ( carelessly call out to sinuhe ) I ask for nothing . dissolve to : ext . courtyard of sinuhe's home - pulling back from some of sinuhe's doctor' instrument to group of doctor , student , kaptah - day sinuhe be speak as scene open . sinuhe fellow physician and student of the House of life , rejoice that we be egyptian , foremost in the world in the science of heal . we know the skill of curing blindness with a needle - the use of splint for break bone - of salve to prevent wound from fester - of drug to induce false sleep so that man do not feel pain . camera have pull back to include the whole scene . sinuhe be about to give a demonstration before fellow physician and student . he be be assist by another physician . kaptah squat on the ground near he , eyeing he master with anxious distress . sinuhe 's thought be not with what he be say ; he thought be with nefer . sinuhe ( proceeding with difficulty ) honore be I to have be ask to demonstrate my specialty , the unique art of boring skull . sitting in a chair with a linen sheet drape around he be the patient on whom the demonstration be to be give . he be roll he head and moan with pain , sinuhe this man suffer with evil spirit in the head . ( to patient ) where do it pain most ? ( continued ) 52 . 160 ( cont . ) patient ( groan ) everywhere ! sinuhe ( to assist physician - hold out hand ) my instrument ~ ( with sudden unconscious outburst ) I can not do without my instrument ! at the shocked look from assist physician sinuhe realize what he have say . he hesitates . sinuhe ( murmur ) you will pardon - he go to the patient and with a small hammer which he have take from the assist physician he tap the patient 's head in various place . when he hit a certain spot the man scream . sinuhe ( continue with difficulty ) in this spot beneath the skull there be a ugly growth . tte patient , hand ~ ing he cup} drink this and in a moment you will be without pain . sinuhe be beginning to hear music , on sound track , the same he hear when last with nefer , with a hand which tremble he take a boring instrument from the assist physician . sinuhe ( continue with great difficulty ) I shall cut away a piece of bone from this man 's skull , remove the growth , replace the bone with a disc of silver -- ( suddenly to assistant physician ) finish for I ! to the astonishment of all he rush away and out of the courtyard . dissolve to : 161 162 163 164 . 165 166 167 53. ext . nefer' wall and gate - moving shot - sinuhe and kaptah - night sinuhe be hurry toward the gate carry a scroll . kaptah ( desperately plead ) do not cast I off , master ! sinuhe ( very angry ) I be no longer you master ! kaptah ( seize sinuhe 's clothing ) come with I to the Inn ! I beg you ! sinuhe stop and with great anger raise he arm to strike the slave , but see that kaptah patiently await the blow , change he mind and lower he arm . about to go on toward gate he stop again when he see - from sinuhe's perspective toward gate - night a rich carry chair await before the gate , attend by slave and runners . out of nefer 's gate , with all the air of a man who be satisfied , come a obviously wealthy babylonian merchant . it be to be note - for future reference - that in he headdress he wear a marvelous diamond . as he allow he servant to help he into the chair - moving shot - sinuhe - night guess at the implication , become at once angry and desperate , run to the gate . nefer 's gateman be just close the gate . sinuhe squeeze through , ext . nefer' garden - long shot - sinuhe - night run through the garden past the lotus pool to house . ext . entrance door to nefer' great hall ~ sinuhe ~ night rush through just as another servant be close the door . int . nefer' great hall - sinuhe - night look wildly about , presently see - angle toward adjoining room - night within which light be be extinguish . 168 169 170 171 moving shot ~ sinuee - night run into adjoin room . int . anteroom to nefer' bedroom - sinuhe and a woman servant - night the servant be extinguish the light , possibly have all except one extinguish , she look with surprise to sinuhe as sinuhe stop and look about . servant {with a smile therefore with impertinence ) late be the night , young master , nefer' voice ( from adjoin room ) who be it ? sinuhe sinuhel int . nefer' bedroom = night she be be prepare for bed by she slave may . nefer why do you come at this hour ? you have leave I alone this long day and now I be tired . int . anteroom to nefer' bedroom - sinuhe and woman servant - then , nefer , nefer be maid = night sinuhe look to the door through which he have enter , think of the merchant he see leave nefer 's gate . his expression be touch with cynicism for a moment . in scene behind he , the woman servant titter , hold she hand over she mouth , sinuhe look back toward the doorway to nefer 's bedroom , after a pause = sinuhe I have bring the deed . he watch she door . after a moment the curtain part and nefer appear in doorway . she be smile . nefer will you not come in and say goodnight to I ? she turn and disappear into she bedroom . sinuhe go toward she doorway . wnefer 's may appear in doorway carry nefer 's ebony box . she open the lid and in pass sinuhe drop the deed into the box , 172 173 55 . int , nefer' bedroom - close shot at nefer be bed - nefer and sinuhe ~ night she be lay herself down on she couch . sinuhe appear dn doorway and come to she . the room be almost in dark - ness . he look down at she , a victim of regret and of desire . sinuhe now you possess all that I once own - my house , my slave , my instrument of a physician - even the clothes I weat . she reach she arm up to he . he take she hand , kmeel beside the bed . with one hand she bring he head to rest against she breaste shot of nefer' bed = close shot nefer be cat ~ night into scene drop nefer 's arm and she finger stroke the cat . after a moment - sinuhe's voice in my dream I say you name = over and over = nefernefernefer . nefer' voice sinuhe ... why have you choose to conceal from I that you father own a house near the dock «.- 7 sinuhe's voice ( harshly ) I can not give you what be not mine } nefer 's hand be see to stiffen , then slowly relax and stroke the cat again . nefer' voice ( softly ) it be you inheritance , as well you imow . = <- goodnight , sinuhe . dissolve to : sh2 17h 175 176 177 56 . int . courtyard of army barracks - long shot - horemheb and soldier - day as mach of the courtyard as we see be fill with soldier . they be engage in a violent , lusty game exercise ~ use spear as stave they duel , beat each other , yell with delight , close shot - horemheb - day participate - stripped to the waist , enjoy himself hugely as he almost kill a hapless opponent . pan shot from gate of barracks to horemheb ~ sinuhe - day enter , he be tired . he have come expect a disagree - able interview . he stop by horemheb who do not see he until - sinuhe you send for I ? horemheb stop and look at he . he be breathe hard from he violent exercise . he look with anger at sinuhe . horemheb I ought to drive this spear through you head ! be you mad ? sinuhe ( after pause ) yes . horemheb pharaoh 's daughter be i111 ! every hour akhnaton ask for you . sinuhe {after a pause , beat ) I no longer practice medicine , as horemheb react with great shock and astonishment , sinuhe turn away and walk back toward the gate . dissolve to : ext . " STREET to the dock " ~ sinuhe - night come alone down street - slowly , dejectedly . it be very late ; the street be desert . he stop at he modest gateway beside which hang a signboard on which be paint the symbol of a physician - ( use babylonian symbol akin to modern caduceus ) . sinuhe look at it a moment , take it down , carry it with he as he go through gate , across small , dark courtyard into he small house . 178 179 180 181 182 she 57 - int , room in sinuhe's house ~- sinuhe and merit - night this be a single room which serve as live quarter , kitchen and doctor 's surgery ; equip with a narrow sleep cot , a hearth , and a corner where there be stool , a low table , and where sinuhe 's physician tool and medicine be keep . it be very dark in here , only a feeble glow from night sky filter in through some window high in the wall . sinuhe make he way to a lamp . he do not see that merit be seat on he sleep - ing cot , where she have be wait for he arrival . close shot ~ merit ~ night her eye follow he . probably she be frighten inside herself , but she expression show also a determine resolution . close shot - sinuhe - night even when he get the lamp light he do not immediately see she . he look again at the sign he have bring in - side with he , he face bleak for a moment before he toss the sign aside . his eye be catch by some sur - gical instrument , of stone and copper , lie on the table . he reach for a bag and begin to pack they away . close shot ~ merit ~- night the sight be too much for merit . merit ( distress ) sinuhe ! two shot - night startle , he drop the instrument , whirl around . for & long moment they look at each other across the room before - merit ( frankly , determine ) I have be wait -- sinuhe ( interrupt , harshly ) if it be a doctor 's advice you seek , see he who will occupy this house tomorrow ! she shake she head violently to stop he . understand that this be not the purpose of she visit , he study she . he walk across the room slowly to she . she meet he look for a long time before - ( continued ) 58 . 182 ( cont . ) merit you be a fine doctor . you life be rise like the sun . will you let this woman -- ? sinuhe {again interrupt - ing , harshly ) do kaptah send you ?! of course he be drive against she out of contempt for himself , out of guilt , out of a despair which he will not acknowledge . merit ( quietly , control - ling herself ) I need no one to tell I what to do . his look acknowledge that he kmow how true this be . he refuse to acknowledge anything more and - sinuhe ( harshly ) then why do you come ? her eye drop away . her breathe come more rapidly . as she fright increase , but as she determination in - crease also - merit ( quietly ) for many night you have be absent from the Inn . for many night - alone on my sleep mat - I have think of you . sinuhe ( deliberately per - verse , sarcastic ) what be you try to say , sweet merit ? ( of course he know ) merit ( with a uncontrol - lable outburst ) what it should not be necessary for I to say when you come home at this hour and find I wait for youl ! she have say it - it be out . she look at he openly . she be still frighten at what she have decide , but ( continued ) sh2 59 . 182 ( cont .1 ) 183 it have be decide . for ea long moment he look at she . deep in he heart he have feeling which he will not acknowledge . sinuhe ( in the anger of despair ) you be a little late ! if you would take she place , change you eye from brown to green ~- change you name to that one which mean beautiful so that I shall repeat it over and over ! sprinkle you hair with gold , paint you mouth red ~~ change you heart to evil -- | ( stop himself ) see that she eye flood with tear , he drive with harsh cruelty . sinuhe you wish to help I ? then do ! ( produce a scroll ) with this I deed she my inheritance -- merit ( rise with horror ) no , sinuhe ! sinuhe the home in which my age parent live - the tomb they have prepare for they eternal rest -~ { merit you can not do this ! sinuhe it need the signature of witness -- be the first to sign ! he hold it out to she . she strike it from he hand . merit the god take pity ! break into sob she run out . sinuhe look after she . then slowly , without spirit , he stoops to pick up the document . dissolve to : ext . nefer' garden - angle to gate - sinuhe and gateman - day Gate be be open and sinuhe be be let in . he walk as if half drugge , as if he have sleep too long under the narcotic of shame . from ahead of he he hear the sound of some soft music , stop momentarily to look at ~ 60 . 18 ) . from sinuhe's perspective - at poolside - nefer - girl - slave orchestra ~- day lying on a couch of mat nefer be idly pick at some e fruit and date , while three of four member of she girl-slave orchestra entertain she . today she hair be dyed red = she jewelry be green to match she eye , except for a magnificent diamond she wear in she headpiece - which stone we have see previously in the headpiece of the babylonian merchant when he come out of she gate . she see sinuhe , watch he a moment then - nefer ( pleasantly complain ) how late you be . 185 moving shot - day bring sinuhe to she , slowly , eye on ground . sinuhe ( lifelessly ) I have deed to you the home of my parent . nefer ( as before ) I have begin to think that I have grow old and ugly in you eye . e he fumble in he belt , take out the document , hold it . she smile , but make no move to take it . nefer today you shail know my heart 's gratitude . he hesitates , hand she document . in the last second he almost withhold it as he see the diamond . not kmow the reason for he hesitation , nefer , after she have the document - nefer ( lightly ) or tomorrow . sinuhe ( with a quietness which she do not yet realize as deadly ) that diamond be new ? she hesitates a moment , wait to see if there be any - thing more to it than a simple question ; when he say e nothing more - ( continued ) 542 5 u2 61 . 185 ( cont . ) 186 187 188 189 nefer ( lightly ) it be once a queen 's I be tell . she turn away , find she ebony box , on tile beside she couch , open lid of box . sinuhe ( as before ) I have see it before . she stop all movement , alert , but not look at he . sinuhe on the headdress of a babylonian merchant . close shot - nefer - day she throw a look at he , hesitates , make the cynical decision that he from whom she have take everything so easily , be easily handle = turn away again , she look completely away from he , deposit the deed in she ebony box during - nefer do not be vex , sinuhe . I deceive he . he be a paunchy man , as fat as a pig -~ ( earning back , stop abruptly , fright widen she eye ) sinuhe . ( a second later , in terror ) sinuhe !! close shot past nefer to sinuhe - day with a sound that be half groan , half yell , he grab she throat with he two hand , give a jerk and with one heave throw she into the pool in b.g . orchestra - day as girl scream , drop they instrument with a jangle , run , scatter , scream . in pool - sinuhe and nefer - day he actually mean to drow she - be hold she head under as she struggle . the dye from she hair be stain - ing the water blood red . she 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 62 . angle to house ~ servant - day rush out into garden - mostly woman , scream - but also nefer 's two giant negroes , who rush forward toward pool . in pool - sinuhe and nefer - two negroes - day he be hold she under -- we be close on they -- we ean see the bubbles of she expire breath rise out of the red water , sinuhe 's contort face . as a negro hurl himself into the pool on top of sinuhe it be mostly a impression of something come past camera to make a great splash on the water . wider angle - fight - day the negro who have come in after sinuhe heave he to pool 's edge , where he be seize by second negro , pull up like a toy , smashed in the face into the trunk of a tree , at the foot of which sinuhe fall down , half in - sensible . second negro out of pool , a rush blot past camera . moving shot - sinuhe , two negroes - fight - day one negro pick up sinuhe , hit he , send he spin against second negro , who pick he up in he two hand , high into the air over he head , hurl he toward garden gate onto ground , first negro instantly on he , pick he up , high over head , hurl he toward gate . this giant handle he like a sack of grain . in pool - nefer and servant - day as she be be help out , as she recover some breath . ext , STREET before nefer' house - angle to gate - gateman , two negroes , sinuhe - day Gate be open ; sinuhe , with a great heave , be throw into foreground , into the street ; gate be slam shut . pan shot - sinuhe ~ kaptah - day on the ground - dirty , bloody , unconscious ~ sinuhe make a effort to rise - only a slight , convulsive movement - stiffen into the dirt , after a moment camera pan away slightly . peer cautiously around the corner of a wall come the one eye of keptah . dissolve to : 197 63. int . a bedroom in pharaoh' palace - tight group shot - axhnaton , queen nefertiti , a child , a egyptian doctor - night it be a simple room ~- ( see illustration nat'l geographic , Oct. 1941 , P. 486 ) + a domestic scene which could happen 4 n any home . the child be sick = youngest of pharaoh 's daughter . the mother sit on the bed , cradling the child in she arm . the father pace nervously . the doctor be a old man , who sit on a chair beside the bed . ona table in front of he be he medical chest . for a moment he consult a papyrus seroll , look toward the child , obviously unsure of himself , akhnaton ( impatiently ) make haste ! the old man look piteously at pharaoh . doctor '' punish I ! pharaoh ( brush this aside ) tell I what 's wrong with my child ! doctor my eye be old -- I be of the old school , akhnaton make a impatient gesture . doctor not many day ago I be present at @ demonstration in the courtyard of @ young physician call sinuhe , he who be alone - akhanaton ( interrupt - with anguish - as if to himself ) where be sinuhe ! doctor I believe that this child suffer from a growth beneath the skull such as he describe and that only this young man can save she . at the sound of footstep approach , akhnaton whirl toward doorway . she 198 64 . angle toward doorway from corridor - group as before - horemheb - the baketamon - night as horemheb appear in doorway , make obeisance , akhnaton impatiently gesture he to come in . akhnaton you have come alone ? horemheb ( sadly ) with bad news . ( come to akhnaton ) his house have be sell -- akenaton ( impatiently ) I know , I know , horemheb I go this afternoon to the home of he parent . I find that he parent be dead . akhnaton ( even in this moment sympathetic ) oh. ee ? horemheb he be not there -- only a crowd of grieve neighbor and some officer of the law , who be try to take possession , for this house , too , have be sell . behind he in doorway baketamon appear . horemheb do not at first see she as she enter and walk toward bed . horemheb from there I go to the residence of a certain woman - ( voice alter as he catch sight of baketamon ) - with whom he be enamor -- he be search baketamon 's face , hope for some sign of recognition from she . but she give he none , only sit on the bed beside the Queen to comfort she . horemeeb - but this woman deny any imowledge of he whereabouts ... dissolve to : 199 200 201 65 . int . room in the house of sinuhe's parent ~ sinuhe and kaptah - day this be the principal , all - purpose room of a middle - class home . sinuhe stand look about he , horror-stricken . his face and body show the effect of the beat he be give by nefer 's negroes . kaptah be beside he , almost weep . on the bed lie the two shroud - wrap body of sinuhe 's parent . the smoke from the fireplace , by which they have end they life , still cloud the ceiling and drift out through door and high window into the courtyard . sinuhe ( dead tone ) how do my parent die ? kaptah ( emotionally ) by they own hand , my lord , smother with smoke from the hearth . sinuhe look about , suffer , look toward ceiling at -- angle toward ceiling ~- close shot ~ cradle boat - day which be suspend from the ceiling . it be make with reed , tie with fowler 's knot , daube with pitch - and begrime with many year of smoke from the hearth . close shot - sinuhe and kaptah - day sinuhe there be the boat in which I drift down the nile. ( bitterly ) in they simplicity they say I be a gift from the god -- not know what evil the gift would bring they . kaptah ( after pause ) you father leave you a letter which he dictate to a scribe . sinuhe read it . kaptah master , you imow I can not read . sinuhe take the papyrus roll which kaptah hand he , unroll it , and begin to read . ( continued ) 66 . 201 ( cont . ) 202 203 sinuhe I , semmut , and he wife kipa send greet ~ ing to we son sinuhe . throughout you life you have bring we only joy , and great have be we pride in you . we be grieve for you sake because you have meet with reverse , and we believe that in all you do you could not help you - self . do not grieve that you be require to sell we tomb , for all exist - ence be vanity -- we be old , and death come to we as welcome as sleep to the weary . close shot ~ sinuhe - day as he continue read only with great difficulty . sinuhe '' ( read with emotion ) remember always that we bless you before we leave . May all the god of Egypt protect you from danger , may you heart be shield from sorrow --- such be the desire of you father and you mother . dissolve to : int . " the house of death " - sinuhe - worker ~ foreman ~ night introduce scene by camera come through vapor from great vat of copper and / or stone , horror should not at any time be emphasize nor revolting detail show in this place where the body of the dead be mummify . how - ever , well in beg . of scene , almost completely shroud in vapor , there might be indication of the mechanic by which body be carry up to vat on ramp , divest of they shroud and throw into the liquid chemical . but predominantly the effect should be only mystic and weird , a kind of inferno - hell on earth . possibly a green light cast over scene would be effective . just before scene be disclose , we hear - sinuhe I be sinuhe - call he who be alone - as scene be disclose - = and my name be write in the Book of life of the physician . ( continued ) 67 . 203 ( cont . ) 204 , we see that sinuhe have already laid down the shroud - wrap body of he father and be just lay down that of he mother . a group of curious worker gather around . this be of the lowest order of human being , rag , unkempt , filthy . a big fellow , whose only slightly bet - ter appearance identify he as the foreman , approach sinuhe as the latter straighten . sinuhe into this House of death I have bring the body of a man and a woman to be preserve by you art that they may enjoy eternal life in the hereafter . a worker ( with evil eagerness ) be the woman young ? ( stoops to lift shroud ) 2nd worker ( angrily leaping to intercept he ) by lot this one belong to I ! the first worker have peepe beneath the shroud , react with distaste . 1st worker take she ! she 's a old hag ! with one blow , sinuhe knock they both aside . the Foreman seize hold of sinuhe to prevent further violence . close shot - sinuhe and foreman - night as sinuhe subside . foreman ( wheedling - avaricious . ) be you a noble lord ? have you gold ? sinuee the penny to pay for have my parent transport here be loan I by my former slave . {as Foreman react ) in truth I have nothing -- foreman ( off to worker ; carelessly ) throw this bodte in the river . ( continued ) 205 206 207 208 66 . 20 ) ( cont . ) sinuhe ( seize he desperately ) I will work for you to pay ! the Foreman look at he as if he can not credit he ear . group of worker - night who also in they animal way look at simhe as if he be crazy - dement . sinuhe's voice iwill serve you in this House of death for as long as be need ] ! close shot - sinuhe and foreman - night foreman only the accurse of the god or eriminal take service here . sinuee there be no man here who be not better than I ! as camera go away through vapor again : dissolve to : ext . " the valley of the king " ~- long shot , including river nile - night it be a wind narrow valley in the desert with red and purple cliff and hill . bath in moonlight , it be a beautiful and peaceful sight . dissolve to : at a royal tomb ~ sinuhe - kaptah ~- a grave robber - - night built into the face of a hill be the white portico and entrance to a royal tomb . ( see illustration nat 'l geo - graphic Oct. 1941 p.503 . ) the grave robber be a former criminal , as he mtilate ear testify . but he have a good heart . the three man be smoothing flat the sand over the grave which they have dig for simbhe 's parent rather near the doorway to the tomb . grave robber do you not know that it be forbidden for any but peeple of royal blood to be bury in the Valley of the king ? ( continued ) 69 . 208 ( cont . ) 209 210 211 212 kaptah ( in bad humor ) every child know this ! grave robber I marvel that you dare to lay the spirit of you parent of common pirth near this tomb of a sacred Queen . sinuhe ( quietly ) my parent hed very little in they earthly life . ( after a pause ) you can go now , kaptah . I can give you nothing but my gratitude . ( turn to grave robber ) and you -- you be a kind man though a@ grave robber . ( a rueful half laugh ) tomorrow I may join you in you trade -- ( to kapteh ) some day I may see you . kaptah the future be hide , master . as the two of they start to leave sinuhe - dissolve to : the grave - sinube - night 4s seat mourn alone for he parent . after a moment or two he hear a sound down the valley , look around . mo . long shot - sinuhe and merit - night merit be walk up the valley , walk past ea half - complete tomb on which work have be abandon for the night , toward sinuhe . sinuhe peer , not yet able to identify who be come . gloser angle - moving shot - merit - night bring she toward simhe . she carry a woven basket . of provision and @ roll - up mat of the type use for sleep . sinuhe - night he see that it be merit , jump to he foot . ( continued ) 70 . 212 ( cont . ) 213 24 215 sinuhe stay away ! for forty day and night I have labor in the House of death . moving shot as before - bring merit to sinuhe - night merit come along . she be completely self=- possess , sure of herself - but be nowise offensively so - only with the beautiful simplicity which in every way imply that yesterday be dead yesterday and tonight be new . merit ( quietly ) kaptah tell I I would find you here . sinuhe the odor of death be on I . she step near he , at what might be termed a respectful distance , fear that to come further without he con - send might offend he . merit I have bring wine and honey cake . _ sinuhe I have join a cast which be shunne by every live be ! merit find a spot close by where the sand be smooth , set down she burden , seat herself and open she bas - ket . he watch she , dumbfounded . close shot - merit - night she look up at he . with simplicity , with the slight - est kind of gesture , indicate a invitation to come sit beside she . close moving shot - night bring sinuhe to she . he look down at she for a long time , understanding why she have come but not quite yet believe . merit smile . merit it 's very simple , simbhe -- almost too simple to need word - what I give , I give only from the heart . he stoops swiftly and gather she into he arm . camera pan away and up , during which movement - dissolve to : 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 7 . ext . sky - effect shot - night to day at first we see only the clear night sky , star , one star brighter than all the rest . then the sky brighten into dawn and the star pale out as predawn light glow . a eagle be hear to scream in the sky . ext . " valley of the king " ~- near grave of sinuhe's parent - close shot - sinuhe - day awaken with a start . his arm be in a position as if he have hold someone in they . by first impulse he look beside he ~-- merit be go -- there be only the print of she sleep mat in the sand , then he hear a noise in the valley below he -- look . long shot - from sinuhe's perspective - day someone be drive a chariot rapidly up the valley . moving shot - chariot - horemheb - day he be drive he team at furious pace . near tomb of sinuhe's parent - day sinuhe recognize horemheb - rise . horemheb - chariot - day horse rear and paw the air as horemheb pull they to a abrupt stop - dust rise in cloud as horemheb jump out . close angle - horemheb and sinuhe - day there be a air of calmness about sinuhe of accept fate whatever 1t may be , which contrast with horemheb 's violence , a kind of friendly anger . horemheb the daughter of pharaoh be dead - for lack of the medical help which you could have provide ! you be be searched for everywhere ! sinuhe ( calmly , resign ) since you have find I and you be the captain of pharaoh 's palace guard -~ horemheb ( violently ) be this the way you think I interpret friendship ? get int ( continued ) 42 72 . 222 ( cont . ) 223 22h 225 226 227 228 he grab hold of sinuhe 's clothing at the shoulder , practically throw he into the chariot , jump in after he , apply whip to team . longer angle - chariot - day as chariot 1s drive away in the direction from which it come , at the rapid speed with which it come . dissolve to : ext . STREET in thebe ~ at a corner - low angle shot - chariot - horemheb and sinuhe - day chariot come around corner at a furious pace , almost directly at camera . horse paw the air as horemheb pull they to a stop . he push sinuhe out of chariot , throw something after he . . horemheb ( rapidly , incisively ) this be as far as I dare take you . here 's a purse - there 's silver in it - ali I have ! sinuhe horemhebd -- horemheb a ship sail down the river this morning ! take it ! you life be forfeit in Egypt -- never dare to return ! . he apply whip to team . close shot - sinuhe - day stands look after he , hold the purse , gratitude for horemheb 's friendship , many other thing pass through he mind . turn , he see - sinuhe's perspective - down STREET - squadron of soldier - day . be approach . sinuhe - day look around , wonder where to hide . over he shoulder he see : ext . '' STREET to the dock " from sinuhe's perspective - day the entrance 'to the Inn , " the crocodile 's tail . " she 229 230 231 232 233 23h 73 . angle from near gateway to the inn - sinuhe - day run toward the Inn . as he arrive at the gateway to the Inn he see another squadron of soldier beginning to come out of the Inn . he run past , get past just in time , duck into another doorway . camera movement make a close shot of he there . he watch the soldier , look around , wonder where he will be safe . presently he hear ~ kaptah' voice ( from 0.8. , distant call , syllable draw out ) he who be alone ! sinuhe look in that direction . angle down STREET from sinuhe's perspective - kaptah - day rather far away , hide in a doorway , be frantically signal to sinuhe . well beyond kaptah at the end of the street we see the suggestion of a river ship , its sail be hoist . comprehensive shot - day sinuhe come out of he hide place , go down the street in direction of kaptah and the ship . first he walk , then he run . gateway to inn , " the crocodile's tail " - mo . shot ~ soldier - merit - day Soldiers be post at the gateway as if they intend to remain there . merit come out of the gateway . she look nervously at the soldier . she look up and down the street . close shot - merit - day of course she have not see sinuhe - but it be as if some intuition have tell she that he have be near . she be afraid . dissolve to : ext . red sea - moving shot - brassy water under hot sky - day over which we hear : old sinuhe's voice and so I shook the black mud of Egypt off my foot . dissolve to : 235 236 237 7h . ext , the house on desert - old sinuhe - day for a moment he muse rather sadly . old sinuhe as many as the sand of this desert be the folly of my youth . heavy be my punishment -- then , as now , I be a exile from my home . he raise he head , his tone change as he begin another story . old sinuhe I see the whole world . I see the ruler and the people . I see the god the people worshipped . dissolve to : short series of representation of the god of many land - day which include : jehu of the khabiri ( Hebrew ) ; the bull - head minotauros of the cretan and other ; many - breast astarte ; fire - belching baal . dissolve to : ext . a STREET in smyrna - moving shot - passer - by - sinuhe and kaptah - day camera slowly cross narrow street . we get enough of the color to realize that we be in a land foreign from Egypt . there be syrian , hittites , mitannian , Hebrew . there be the suggestion of a camel caravan . old sinuhe's voice life give I no delight -- my heart cry for my home . he who have once drunk of Nile water will forever yearn to be by the Nile again -- he thirst cannot be quench by the water of any other land ! camera arrive at sinuhe and kaptah . they be the only one who wear egyptian clothes . a definite suggestion of weariness in sinuhe suggest that a considerable time have elapse since he leave Egypt - as much as a couple of year . his clothing and kaptah 's be rather seedy . as kapteah watch he with he gimlet single eye , sinuhe be look around he in a manner which plainly say that he be a alien in a strange land . see kaptah 's eye on he , he return the slave 's look for a long moment before - ( continued ) 75 . 237 ( cont.} 238 239 sinuhe kaptah , be there no mean by which we can ever return to Egypt ? kaptar only one , master . by mean of the only thing in which every man believe - whatever he color . ( after a pause ) gold . sinuhe ( entertaining the idea , half question , half statement ) gold . kaptar which can buy anything . sinuhe ( with a smile , but not at all dismiss the idea ) you be a cynic , slave . kaptah ( half mischievous , half serious ) you be a cynic also , master ~ without yet know it . dissolve to : effect shot - money - day of many land and sort - ring of metal , jewel , crude coin , clay tablet on which sum be write in assyrian cuneiform . . dissolve to : int . a amurru tent - group - king aziru , he chieftain , a sick boy - sinuhe and kaptah - night it be a wild and barbaric set light with flicker torchlight . king aziru be a giant savage king with a curl , blue-black beard . he be sit on a camp stool by a bed on which he son of about twelve year of age lie toss feverishly . aziru 's chieftain be almost as bdar - baric look as he . with kaptah stand by , sinuhe rise beside he after have examine the sick boy . aziru follow sinuhe with he eye and we see that tear be run like rivulet from he eye into he beard . ( continued ) 76 . 239 ( cont . ) 240 aziru save my son , gift egyptian , and I will give you one - tenth of all my wealth , as I be kingt sinuhe ( gravely ) you son 's spirit be drift close to the shore of the western land from which none have return . ( whisper to kaptah ) a simple infection . ( to aziru ) two -tenth of you wealth , King . dissolve to : int . portion of throne room of the king of babylon - tight shot - king , doctor - sinuhe and kaptah ~ day get the suggestion of bigness out of impression and detail ~ babylonian drawing , highly color , on a wall - impre - ~- sive throne . king burnaburiash of Babylon sit on the throne -- a nasty , beardless boy . one of he jaw be swollen out to the size of a orange . two of he doctor stand by dress in the weirdly feather - like garment of they call . there may be a suggestion of other . on they face on the floor in front of the throne be sinuhe and kaptah , they clothing be now rich and they be both load down with ornament of gold and precious stone . king burnaburiash ( in a petulant tone ) egyptian , you fame have travel ahead of you , but from where I sit I can see nothing remarkable about you . kaptae my master can cure the blind , bring the dead to life -- ! king burnaburiash silence ! another word and a live slave will be dead . ( look at sinuhe , wait ) sinuhe I perceive that you majesty be possess of the nastiest devil I have ever encoun - tere . ( continued ) a2 tt . 240 ( cont . ) after the King of Babylon look with fear at he doctor - sinuhe ( whisper with amuse - ment to kaptah ) a toothache . sinuhe get to he foot , look at the King boldly . kaptah start to get to he foot , think better of it and go down again . burnaburiash ( craftily ) what price do you beg for to cast out this devil ? sinube my fee - like my skill - will amaze you . dissolve to : 2h1 2k2 243 7 . a representation of the god of the hittite - a chimera - day which be a fearful beast make with two head - man and animal - the body of a lion , wing , a serpent for tail . old sinuhe's voice I come to the land of the hittites . dissolve to : int , a tent of the hittite - group - prince shubbiluliuma , hittite commander - sinuhe and kaptah - day this tent be a military tent , severe . its wall be hang with military map . the tent be of medium size and be connect to a adjoin tent by mean of a tent pas - sageway . although we do not see the inside of this se - cond tent , the sound of ringing metal which come from it suggest that it be a big field armorer ' shop . sit - ting on a camp chair be prince shubbiluliuma . he be a man of middle age who , though he wear a military uniform , suggest a diplomat more than a commander . the group of he commander who be around he , however , look like just what they be - and transplant to the modern world would be Nazis or Soviets ... the Prince be wear a ban - dage slant - wise across a injure eye . sinuhe be care - fully examine this eye , use a glass which magnify . kaptah be stand nearby look around , he interest on the map . there be silence until sinuhe complete he examination . as he straighten up - prince shubb . can you make my eye whole again ? sinuhe between a serious question and a answer there should be a interval of think . he have perceive the direction of kaptah 's look , he , too , look at the military map on the wall . insert ~ military map ~ day it show the land of the hittites , Syria and Egypt . two color line plainly indicate military route , one lead - ing across the sea past Crete to the Nile , another land - ward through Syria to the Nile , the line converge at the delta . back to scene - day the commander be look uneasily at each other . the Prince seem completely unruffled . ( conpinued ) 542 195 2h , ( cont . ) 2k5 2h6 prince shubb . do you see something in that map more interesting than in my eye ? sinuhe at least stranger to I , Prince , for I be not a military man . if my name be horemheb I think I should con - clude that you hittites be plan a invasion against the land of Egypt . there be a appreciable start from the commander at this . the Prince look around at they unruffled and smile . prince shubb - it matter not what this man see . in we land he be a honore guest whom we like so much we be go to keep here for life . ( to simuhe ) shall we agree on you fee ? ( laugh ) do not demand more than half the Kingdom . sinuhe I shall astonish you . my fee shall be exactly of the size of the foreign particle which have lodge in you princely eye . the Prince laugh and sirmhe laugh with he . he bend forward to business . he have one of the commander hold open the Prince 's eye . from a portable medicine kit he take a small copper instrument like a tweezer , another like a mimute imife . kaptah begin to walk around the tent . this make the commander nervous , especially when kaptah get near the passageway lead to the tent of the armorer . close shot - sinuhe - day take from the Prince 's eye a small sliver of metal which he hide in he clothing . he straighten up . . sinuhe done . wider angle - group - day prince shubb . ( to sinuhe ) thank you . ( continued ) ou2 80 , 2h6 ( go . ) 2h7 248 prince shubb ( cont . ) ( to the other ) my gratitude shall be express as follow : this man and he companion be to be allow to see what they wish in this land , hear what they wish , travel anywhere ~ except across the border . the commander smile and laugh with appreciation of the Prince 's humor . sinuhe bow . he walk away , pick up kaptah and they go together through the passageway lead - ing into the big tent . int . big armorer tent - general shot - day in this place weapon of all sort be make - spear , scythes for chariot , knife ... it be the close of the day and many of the armorer be leave they task and go out of the tent , but some still hammer at they forges . close angle moving shot - sinuhe and kaptah ~ a hittite armorer ~- day sinuhe and kaptah come along look about at what they can see . sinuhe seem to be increasingly possess of a almost unbearably great inner excitement . presently they come upon the forge of a armorer . obviously he know sinuhe for he smile and nod a greeting to he . sinuhe my friend , -- ( from out of clothing take particle remove from Prince 's eye ) ~ from the eye of you Prince I have remove a small sliver of a metal with which you hittites make you weapon . what be it call ? armorer I cannot answer . sinuhe I think this new metal will change the history of the world . what be it call ? armorer I cannot answer . ee freeze at something offscene . 2k9 250 81 . angle to include several of the commander - day who be in the Prince 's tent and who be now come by . Beyond they we see that the last of the armorer be quit work and that in a moment or two this particular armorer will be the last . the commander be in very good spirit . a commander ( to armorer ) tell this guest anything he want to imow . he and he companion laugh at the joke as they pass along to go out of the tent . another angle - sinuhe , kaptah , armorer - day the armorer go to a rack on which be keep many weapon of various sort include some copper and some of the new metal . he pick up a spear with ea copper head . he drive it against he stone anvil . the spearhead bend double , armorer ( with contempt ) egyptian copper 's he pick up another , drive it against the anvil . it , too , bend double . armorer ( with contempt ) egyptian bronze ! otoss it aside ) he pick up a third , of the new metal . he drive it against the stone anvil . the weapon chip a piece from the stone . armorer Iron . sinuhe ( repeat ) Iron . ( then ) sell I a spearhead of this metal , armorer this I cannot dol simuhe do not bargain with he - not with word . he take a richly jewele bracelet off he arm , toss it at the armorer 's foot . the armorer 's eye glitter but ( continued ) 82 . 250 ( cont . ) 251 he face set and he stubbornly shake he head . one by one simuhe divest himself of every jewel and ornament he wear , until the armorer ig in a sweat . kaptah be look on in horror . kaptah ( cry out ) master , have you take leave of you sense ] sinuhe begin on kaptah , take off from he every piece of value . kaptah ( almost in tear ) take my life but not this ! when all be on the ground in front of the armorer sinuhe look at he . the armorer walk to the rack , take a spearhead , without handle , bring it surreptitiously and hand it to simuhe , with a look of joy sinuhe take it and hide it in he clothing . as armorer go to pick up the wealth camera move to close shot of sinuhe and kaptah who , during this latter part of the scene , have be render speechless in he anguish . kaptah you have give all you wealth for one spearhead of iron ? sinuhe ( with excitement and oy ) with this passport I will dare return to Egypt ! soon we will go - direct CUT to : ext . the house in desert ~- old sinuhe - midafternoon begin on close shot . on Old simuhets face there be exactly the same expression we have see on sinuhets face in the land of the hittites , and in direct contimation of the speech in the precede scene - old sinuhe - home ! camera pull slowly back . old sinuhe we escape to a ship , on which we take passage as two merchant of Syria . it be prudent that we enter Egypt in ( continued ) aye 83. 251 ( cont . ) 252 253 254 , 255 old sinuhe ( cont . ) disguise for I be under sentence of death , and my only chance lay in get to horemheb with my great secret . he pause , he tone change . old sinuhe how my heart leap when from the horizon rise the sight of the delta of the Nile . dissolve to : ext . bank of nile - reed - dawn old sinuhe's voice again I would hear the whisper of the reed at sunrisel dissolve to : close shot - lotus flowers in bloom - day old sinuhe's voice see the lotus flower unfold on the shore } dissolve to : ext . prow of egyptian ship ~ sinuhe and kaptah ~ day the ship be move slowly up the Nile . in beg. we see the sphinx and the three great pyramid past which the ship be move | ~- but the sphinx and the pyramid as they be in that day ~- not crumble away , but white with limestone and deseratea with bright color . sinuhe and ekaptah be in scene , look about and look ahead , both be in disguise , shroud in the long envelop gowns and headpiece of syrian merchant . oid sinuhe's voice at last I sail past the majestic pyramid . up my green valley water by the Nile ? ( a pause , then ominously ) but what do I find ? dissolve to : ext . montage of shot - day to show disaster : parched earth , vein with deep ( continued ) oye 8k. 255 ( cont . ) 256 fissure - water wheel and a shadoff ( water derrick ) stand still and useless - crop , burn with drought - the water of the nile , dirty , dead body drift among crocodile ... old sinuhe's voice I find Egypt in ruin -- sweep by drought , famine , sickness and death ! ext . a STREET in thebe - near royal granaries - moving shot - sinuhe and kaptah - a beggar woman and child - passer - by - day sinuhe and kaptah be come along , obviously have just arrive , for kaptah be burden with they travel - ing bag . they move cautiously , alert for any sign of danger , and kaptah be very frighten . kaptah better we have not come here , where if they do not hang we , we will surely starve ! sinuhe we will soon be at the barrack . he reassure himself by feel the hittites spearhead which be conceal in he clothing . propped against a wall be a beggar woman , starve , clothing in rag , with a small child in she lap , tug at the woman 's empty breast . woman alm , alm -~- in the name of the god ! sinuhe stop , stop kaptah . sinuhe give this woman alm , merchant of Syria . kaptah ( sotto voce , protest ) we last copper ? sinuhe ( to woman ) you shall have alm for answer to some question . the woman hold up she scrawny hand , piteously . sinuhe in Syria we think of Egypt as the most {continued ) 85 . 256 ( cont . ) 257 258 sinuhe ( cont . ) prosperous nation on earth -- yet here we find nothing but misery and famine . from what cause ? beggar woman the wick pharaoh , curse be he name ! sinuhe ( genuinely surprised ) you dare speak of you sacred kirg akhnaton in this way ? beggar woman ( venomous ly } he have forbidden to worship with the ancient god i he have decreed that the people must worship only he god aton . fhe ancient god be angry and punish we with drought and famine ! curse rain upon pharachl ! sinuhe take the copper out of kaptah 's reluctant hand and toss they into the hand of the beggar woman . beggar , woman the ancient god bless youl sinuhe and kaptah move along , the camera move with they . sinuhe can this be we Egypt - bring to the verge of civil war by a petty squabble over god ? ahead of they they hear the grow sound of many people and stop , look . ext . STREET before royal granaries - long shot - mob of people - egyptian soidier - day the granary be separate from the street by a high wall and strong gate . above the wall project the high dome of the structure in which grain be store . a large and curious mob of people try to get to the gate to break into the granary . the gate be be defen - ded by a not large detachment of egyptian foot soldier . angle of the people ~ day somewhere on they costume the symbol of the Cross of life . other wear symbol of the horn . they fight against the soldier with anything they can lay they hand on -- stone and stick . 5h2 259 260 261 262 86 . angle to the soedier - day they be all armed only with spear - spear of wood , and this they do not use as weapon but hold they in a lateral position try to form a sort of " chain " with which to hold the people back . on STREET - sinuhe and kaptah - day kapteah , frighten , would turn back , but sinuhe take hold of he . sinuee this be we way to the barrack . , he pull kapteah forward . ext . STREET in front of granaries - several closer angle ~- day to develop the course of the fight . it be obvious that the mob will win for they weight against the wood ~ en spear be cause they to break - snap like match . dissolve to : ext . STREET at gate to army barracks - general shot - a egyptian lieutenant , other officer - a detachment of foot soldier - sinuhe and kaptah - day at open of scene a small detachment of foot soldier be be dispatch on its way , apparently to help quiet the riot before the granary . they pass by in f.g. and when they have go disclose sinuhe and kaptah , who be approach the gateway of the barrack . kaptah be staunch the flow of blood from he wounded face . we see in f.g. the egyptian lieutenant who have dispatch the troops . we have see this man before , before he be a lieutenant , when he be the sergeant who bring sinuhe and horemheb to akhnaton 's throne room . beside he be a couple of other officer and beyond he , in the court - yard of the barrack , can be see a few other soldier . lieutenant ( in disgust to the other officer ) of what use to send troops who be forbidden to fight ! he go through gateway into courtyard of barrack . at the same time sinuhe and kaptah arrive at gateway and start through . they be hold back by a sentry and he spear , sentry none enter here . 52 263 26k 265 87 . ext . courtyard of barracks - angle toward gate - lieutenant , other officer ~ sentry - sinuhe and kaptah ~ day the Lieutenant turn to see what be happen . lieutenant what do you want ? sinuhe to see horemheb . with a gesture the Lieutenant order the sentry to let sinuhe and kaptah enter . they come to the Lieutenant and other officer . kaptah be hold back , nervous at be so close to the armed authority . his manner be enough to incite suspicion . lieutenant what can a syrian merchant want with the Commander ? sinuhe I have something of great value for he . lieutenant horemheb be not here . I be in command . give it to I . sinuhe ( stubbornly ) it be for horemheb alone . the Lieutenant be study sinuhse , not only with suspi - cion but with the birth of recognition . he go closer to he . sinuhe , sense danger , avert he face . close shot - lieutenant , sinuhe , kaptah in b.g . - day kaptah be extremely nervous . the Lieutenant reach out and grab hold of simhe 's chin , jerk he around so sinuhe 's face be fully disclose to he . sinuhe try to remain calm . lieutenant youtre no syrian - and I be beginning to remember you . simuhe make a break . wider angle - group ~ day sinuhe try to get to the gate , but the officer who be with the Lieutenant grab hold of he and other sol - dier rush up to help . at the same time , kaptah make a break and in the excitement he manage to get away , ( continued ) 88. 265 ( cont . ) 266 267 268 through the gate to the street , where he disappear from sight . at sinuhe ~ officer and soldier - day in the struggle the hittite spearhead , ' which sinuhe car - ry in he clothing , be loosen and fall with a clang to the pave stone . close shot ~- the spearhead - day as sinuhe , restrain by the soldier , try to pick up the spearhead , the Lieutenant 's foot step on it . wider angle - close shot - lieutenant , sinuhe , officer , soldier - day Lieutenant pick up the spearhead and examine it . lieutenant ( as a man whose sus - picion be confirm ) for horemheb ? ( hold spearhead like a dagger ) sinuhe {hotly protest ) if you recognize I , you know I be he friend ! take I to he ! lieutenant ( to other ) this man be under sentence of death -- put he in chain ... dissolve to : 269 270 271 272 273 27h 69 . int , prison cell - sinuhe ~ day it be almost like night in here , though it be day . a little early morning light come through a very high , very small window . sinuhe be in chain , unable to walk on account of the chain , he sit on the dirty floor , he back propped against a stone wall ~ a victim of apprehension and despair . there be some unspeakably unappetize food in a bowl on the floor nearby which he have not touch , he be unshaven , he clothing and hair be matte with the dirty straw on which he have sleep -- all indication be that he have be in prison for at least forty - eight hour , presently he hear , as a source of even great apprehension , the sound of march foot , obviously military , approach . int . corridor outside sinuhe's cell - feet and legs of a squadron of soldier ~- day march past . through some doorway in b.g. , we see a indication of a street and daylight . int , sinuhe's cell - close shot sinuhe - day he can interpret what he hear in only one way ~- that the hour of he execution be at hand . he look toward the cell door . from sinuhe's perspective to cell door - soldier , lieutenant - day Soldiers appear first , stop outside the door . then the Lieutenant , who unlock the door . close shot - sinuhe - day be now sure that he fear be well ground . then abruptly he expression alter tremendously into amaze - ment as he see : wider angle ~- sinuhe , soldier , lieutenant , princess baketamon - day dress in a flow gown of white linen , immaculate , wear ornament of she rank , baketamon appear like a vision in the cell doorway . sinuhe try to move , manage despite he chain to prostrate himself on the eell floor . sinuhe sister of pharaoh} for a moment the princess look down at sinuhe 's figure , she expression completely enigmatic . then she turn to the Lieutenant , who be fawn and apologetic . ( continued ) 90 . 27h ( cont . ) 275 276 baketamon ( peremptorily ) Strike this man 's chain , have he bath and dress in the finest linen . bring he to my chariot that I may take he to the Golden House . she turn and walk out of sight down corridor . close shot - sinuhe - day raise he head to look after she in pure amazement . dissolve to : int , private apartment of queen mother taia in the palace ~ sinuhe and taia - two nubian - day scene begin on a close shot of sinuhe in the same attitude as the previous scene , that be prostrate on the floor . he have be bath and dress in fine linen . the floor , make of tile , be decorate with gold and semiprecious stone . queen taia' voice arise , sinuhe - I have much to say to you . camera pull back . this room give out onto the court - yard of the House of woman in which a pleasant fountain play in the bright sunlight . in the Queen mother 's room be a great number of bird which twitter in cage . the old Queen be sit cross -legge on a rich mat . she be a curious mixture of royalty and peasantry . on she peasant 's hand she wear rich ring . she be drink ale . present in the room be the two rubian who be wait on she . it be obvious also from the fact that they both have drink cup near at hand , that they have be drink with she . they be interesting , if somewhat sinister fellow , of a race which have point head as a result of have they shape when infant ; and who wear ivory pin through they nose . the Queen have set aside some work she have be do , a mat of reed she have be weaving . sinuhe get to he foot . he be astonished at what be happen to he , and bewilder . sinuhe I be here to serve you , great Queen mother . be you 111 ? taia Egypt be ili. ( chuckle ) and I be Egypt , sinuhe , in spite of thet puny son of mine who sit on the throne . do you believe I ? . ( continued ) gi. 276 ( cont . ) 277 sinuhe ( carefully ) I will believe what the great Queen mother tell I to believe . taia you will be wise to do so . ( then lightly ) drink ale with I . ° ( to nubian ) serve he , ( to 2nd nubian ) Hand I my work . ( to sinuhe ) do you like my nubian ? murderous fellow - I adore they -- ( to both nubian ) run away - but not too far - I may need you . as the nubian , have do the Queen 's bid , go out - as sinuhe wonder what he have get into - taia sit with I , sinuhe , I command you . closer angle - sinuhe and taia - day sinuhe sit down near she think that now at last some key to the mystery will be give he . but for a space taia only weave on she mat , and then - tata dontt you admire the way a Queen can weave a mat of reed ? sinuhe look with surprise at the mat , watch the fly finger of the Queen . then something about the mat strike he very forcibly . the Queen look at he and he at she , sinuhe ( carefully ) be that fowler 's knot ? taia ( lightly ) be I not bear a bird - catcher 's daughter ? tell I , sinuhe , -- you say you be bear in the same year as akhnaton . in exactly what season of that year be you bear and abandon to the Nile in a little boat make of reed and tie with kmot like this ? ( continued ) 277 ( cont . ) 92 . for a moment sinuhe entertain a chill think . then he abandon it as be ridiculous . for some again . sinuhe I be tell that pharach be bear in the spring in the sow season . I come the previous autumn when the flood stand at they high . tata I think I could not have be mistaken . sinuhe ( startle ) what do you mean ? taia ( as 1f change the sub - ject , but actually not ) I will tell you about my own youth . I be only fourteen when I come to this Golden House - to a real pharaoh . in he House of woman be three hundred wife ~- and I . the other despise I for my dusky skin and broad foot , but I kmaw the way to charm pharaoh -- do not laugh -- I have the beauty of a young body and know how to use it . sinuhe I be not laugh . taia it be my resolve that no other wife should bear a son and bring he alive to pharaoh until I have do so . reason sinuhe 's look be draw to she finger tata but when I deem it time for breeding I bore , to my horror , a girl - the proud baketemon . I have not marry she off -- she still remain a arrow in my quiver . then I bore this son - this puny akhnaton - but my son whom I place on the throne -- bear in the same year as you - bear six month after you --- she stop . there be a breathless tensity between the two . 278 279 280 281 262 93 . close angle featuring taia' finger ~ day weaving the mat , close shot sinuhe - day into he mind there come a image -- which be superim - pose on screen beside he head ~~ of a little reed boat , tie with fowler 's knot , swinging from the ceiling of he parent ' home . he shake he head , shake away the image . close shot ~ sinure and taia - day she be smile at he . taia ( pleasantly ) Egypt be die , sinuhe . Egypt be die because of akhnaton , do you not think that it be time that he skull be open and the physician let he knife slip ? the atmosphere between they be extremely tense . sinuhe sweat . after a long pause he take a stand , sinuhe as a physician , great Queen mother , it be my opinion that you have drunk too much ale . slightly wider angle ~- two - day as sinuhe get up - sinuhe be it you divine will that I may leave ? for a moment she study he , she head cocked , she eye flash lightning . then she giggle , as old woman do when tipsy . . tata you amuse I greatly , sihune - you amuse I greatly . with a wag motion of she finger she give he per - mission to go . he back away and out the door . ext . courtyard outside taia' door - sinuhe - day stop for a moment to shake away a bad dream , then he be startle by - officer's voice you - sinuhe . 283 28 ) . 9h . wider angle - sinuhe , officer , soldier - day confront sinuhe be a egyptian officer whom he have never see before , with he a squadron of soldier . in b.g. be to be see a chariot , the team of horse hold by another soldier . officer you be to come with I . sinuhe ( amaze ) where now ? but the Officer turn on he heel and walk toward chariot without a further word . as sinuhe begin to follow and soldier form to escort he - dissolve to : int , throne room of pharaoh' palace - tight shot at throne - akhnaton , queen , eie , prince shubbiluliuma , courtier and soldier - then horemheb - day we concentration be on a table before the throne on which slave of the hittite Prince be heaping present for pharaoh . let we pause to set down some general detail which will be pick up as the scene progress . some change have take place in akhnaton 's court since the last time we see it . though the Queen sit on the double throne with he , she do not sit with she arm drape about he as before , but aloof and estrange . the child be no longer present , the happy atmosphere be go . in akhnaton a mark change be to be note . he look posi - tively ill . there be black shadow under he eye put there by suffer . it be as if the spirit inside he be consume the body of the man . decoration of the throne room have be change -- behind pharaoh 's throne on a wall be to be see a very large representation of the Cross of life . it be the single decoration in the room . now let we return to scene - the table be heape with rich present for pharaoh . and Prince shubbiluliuma in the capacity of hittite ambassador be say - prince shubb . ( with oily unctuousness ) accept this few poor gift , Divine pharaoh , as evidence of the great love that we hittites bear for Egypt . we King , like you , love only peace -- ( continued ) 95 . 28 ( cont . ) 285 286 onto the table , into the midst of gift , be hurl the hittite spearhead , have be throw in such a fashion that it strike the table point - first and actually sing with reverberation . all eye go to the spearhead . Prince shubbiluliuma blanch . horemheb step into scene . horemheb this hittite lie ! ( point to spearhead ) there be the evidence of treachery ! with a metal call iron the hittites make weapon with which they plan the conquest of Egypt ! wider angle ~ day there 1s general consternation , we see that sinuhe have be bring to the throne room by horemheb , but have be leave in the crowd out of view of the throne . another tight angle at throne ~ day the hittite Prince , after he start of surprise , con - trive a smile . akhnaton ( with patient chide ) horemheb , horemheb - when will you learn ? suspicion breed only sus - picion , and hatred , hatred , ( patientiy , firmly , turn to eie ) teach this man , High Priest , that blood breed only blood until we would drow in it . eie ( after hesitant pause ) at the Royal Granary you troops be stone by you people . I must counsel pharaoh to make concession to the Priests of the old god before this kingdom be lose . for a moment pharaoh stare at eie in surprise . then - akhnaton ( stubbornly ) I forgive the people for they know not what they do . horemheb can stand no more , turn on he heel and appar - ently walk away . 287 288 289 96 . wider angle - day but horemheb do not mean to leave the room . he part erowd , seize hold of sinuhe and drag he to the throne , tight shot at throne ~- day sinuhe throw himself on the floor befpre the throne . akhnaton lean forward , stare when he see who it be . sinure my crime be great and great must be my punishment , akenaton {after a pause ) all of you go . leave I alone with this man . his tone be enigmatic - it be impossible to tell whether or not it contain a threat to sinuhe . dissolve to : throne room - very long shot - day as the last of the people leave , akhnaton and sinuhe be leave alone , akhnaton on he throne and sinuhe on the floor in front of he - small figure . at throne - close shot - akhnaton and sinuhe - day akhnaton ( gently ) come close to I , sinuhe . sinuhe look up in wonder , sess warmth shine in akhnaton 's weary , sick face . sinuee you be not angry ? - akhnaton be the shepherd angry at the stray lamb which return to the fold ? ( anxiously ) have you return to I , sinuhe ? look at he in wonder , sinuhe get to he foot . on the way to the throne he pluck the hittite spearhead out of the table and take it with he , and suppose that akhnaton have cause they to be alone so that he can hear the truth as sinuhe know it - ( continued ) 290 ( cont . ) 97 . sinuhe the thing that horemheb say about the hittites -- akhnaton ( interrupt , with unexpected violence ) keep that thing from my face ! it be a abomination ! weapon be useless ! sinuhe stop , greatly surprised . akhnaton ( gently again , appeal - ingly ) sit here with I . counsel I if you have any love for I . sinuhe ( with amazement ) be this the tone with which pharaoh address a subject ? akhnaton I speak to you as one man to another . sinuhe sit down on the base of the throne , keep the spearhead out of akhnaton 's sight . akhnaton ( continue ) you have travel all over the world and you must have gain great wisdom . I have never be able to leave Egypt -- share you wisdom with I . sinuhe ( with a wry smile ) the thing ilearn in the world . akenaton ( eagerly ) what thing ? sinuhe I see the people and the ruler . I learn thet whoever rule , it be always the meek and the poor who suffer , I see the god and find they all evil . ( continued ) 52 290 ( cont .1 ) 98. akewaton God be not evil . believe I , as I sit here -- he be my father in heaven and he have speak to I , he son . he be a god of love . he command all man to live as brother and to love most of all we enemy . to he all man be precious . there be no difference between rich and poor , noble or slave , color or white . I have proclaim God 's kingdom on earth but some of my people will not believe I . some call I evil . some call I mad , my own mother call I mad . _ sinuhe have a chill memory of he interview with the Queen mother . akhnaton ( suffer ) be a man mad , ts he evil , when he only madness , he only evil , be in loving the world ? sinuhe ( very disturb ) it would be very wonderful if the world could be as pharaoh imagine it - but it be not . akhnaton tt be mean to be ! will you be my friend and help I , sinuhe ? I be so very weak , sinuhe pharaoh be weak ? akenaton the weakest of all man -- with the biggest task - the biggest burden -- will you help I ? sinuhe ( very troubled ) I be a physician . I can heal body , I have even cure the blind . but I know nothing of bring light to men' soul , when pharaoh speak something move I which I do not understand -- but I do not know you god . ( continued ) 290 ( cont . 2 ) 2g1 akhnaton he be a great god than you suppose -~- he may be in you , without you kmowl - edge . exhausted from the emotion he have expend , akhnaton lie back in he throne , weak , almost fainting . sinuhe rise and look at he with worry . sinuhe you be i113 ( call off with a strong voice ) steward ! attend the King ! dissolve to : ext . palace ground at gateway - moving shot sinuhe - then kaptah - day this be immediately after sinuhe 's scene with akhnaton . he walk toward the gateway , still troubled . he be carry the hittite spearhead , now hide it in he belt beneath he clothing . as he come out of the gate there be a beggar squatted there , with he hand hold up for alm . he do not at once recognize the beggar as kaptah , nor do kaptah at once recognize sinuhe . kaptar alm , alm , for the love of the god ! sinuhe stop , automatically reach in belt for purse . at the same instant he recognize kaptah , and kaptah recognize he . sinuhe begin to smile , kaptah jump to he foot . kaptaer master , be it you or you spirit ? sinuhe ( after all that have happen to he ) I almost wonder myself . kaptah for three day I have be without food ! I be sure they have lopped off you head ! dissolve to : 292 293 100 . ext . " the STREET to the dock " - moving shot - sinuhe and kaptah - day be approach the Inn - " the crocodile 's tail . " have apparently be tell sinuhe 's news , kaptah be very much more cheerful . kaptah since you be in favor with pharaoh once more , we may make a fortune even in this starve land . I suggest speculation in grain --- } during the very last part of this , sinuhe , without a word , have go through the gateway into the Inn . kaptah , catch unawares , go past gateway , see that he have lose he master , run after he . int . inn , " the crocodile's tail " ~ at door to principal room - sinuhe and serving girl - kaptah - day by the time we reach this scene , sinuhe have already ask a question of the serving girl and be be answer ~ serving girl merit , she 's no longer here . probably you will find she at pharaoh 's Temple ! ( practically spit the name ) kaptah hurry into scene just in time to find sinuhe leave . dissolve to : she 29h 101 . ext . inner courtyard of the temple of aton - long shot - day this temple , unlike the temple of the old god of Egypt , be not roofed , but open to the clear air and the sun . ir. general pattern , it be a open courtyard surround by a high wall with a pylone gate . there be no dark and mysterious place in this temple . there be no idol , no representation of the fearful god . akhnaton 's god be represent by two pure symbol . one of this be a rather large Cross of life , the other be a column of the type we see when he worshipped on the plain outside thebes - the type of shaft we call " cleopatra 's needle , '' on the wall there be pictorial decoration . some of this show the fuller representation of the symbol of akhnatont god . in this , god be represent as the disc of the sun from the lower perimeter of which hand reach down in a attitude of benediction , some of this hand hold the Cross of life . sometimes scene of pharaoh and he Queen and pharaoh and he whole family be show with this symbol . there be altar at the basis of the shaft and of the cross . there , be a religious ceremony in progress , and worship - er , most of whom be of the middle and lower class , and all of whom wear the Cross of life , be bring offering to the altar - such offering be chiefly fruit and flower . the ceremony be be supervise by priest , who be mostly rather young man and be not the fat and oily fellow of the priesthood of the old god . the worshiper be sing a hymn - one compose by akhnaton himself . although this music continue over several succeed shot , the complete lyric be give here for convenience : thy dawn be beautiful in the horizon of heaven , oh , live aton , beginning of life ! when thou risest in the eastern horizon of heaven , thou fillest every land with thy beauty the two land of Egypt be in daily festivity , awake and stand on they foot , por thou hast raise they up ] the bird flutter in they marsh , they wing uplift in adoration the thee , all the sheep dance upon they foot , all the winge thing fly , they live when thou hast shine upon they . the fish in the river leap up before thee , ( continued ) i102 . 294 ( cont . ) ' and thy ray be in the midst of the great seal o thou sole God , whose power no other possesseth , how manifold be all thy work ! ) thou didst create the earth accord - ing to thy desire , Men , all animal large and small , all that be upon the earth ! thou settest every man in he place . they tongue be different in speech , they form likewise and they skin , but thou bindest they all by thy lovel 295 mo . shot - altar at base of shaft - day to show the people bring they offering , the people sing . 296 ext . wall in courtyard of temple ~ mo . shot - sinuhe '' and kaptah - day at first we see only one of the pictorial decoration . then into scene , walk sinuhe and kaptah , look about with curiosity . kaptae this be a temple ? where be ail the dark and mysterious place ? 297 ext . shrine at base of cross of life - mo . shot - day to show the people bring they offering , sing . among this we see merit . 298 close shot - merit ~- day as she lay a offer of flower at the altar . she seem a subtly different person than we know year ago ~ but only in that she have acquire maturity which have give she calmmess and more quietness . 299 ext . courtyard of temple among worshiping - moving shot - sinuhe , kaptah - day be walk toward the altar . sinuhe be look for merit . it be clear he have not yet see she . they come upon a young priest . as sinuhe and kaptah stop and sinuhe look around , kaptah engage the Priest in con - versation . kaptar be you a priest ? I think all e priest be fat and oily . the priest smile . she 5h2 300 301 302 303 30 k 103 . close shot - merit ~ day turn quickly , have hear kaptah 's voice . her face light up with joy and she move swiftly out of scene . sinuhe and kaptah - priest - merit - day kaptah what sort of offering be this to bring to a god ? no slaughter ram or oxen drip with rich blood ? during this , merit have enter scene . merit ( with wonder and joy ) sinuhe , be it you ? angle past merit to sinuhe - day at the sound of she voice he turn . when he look at she there be that slight hesitation which reveal that he have not instantly recognize she . sinuhe merit ... ? angle of the two - day the smile be wipe off she face . at first she 1s more chagrine than angry . merit ( with no more than formality ) happy be the day that see my lord safely return . she turn away , walk toward the temple gate . sinuhe react , go after she , ext . ground of temple , to gate - sinuhe and merit - kaptah , worshiper - day sinuhe quickly catch merit . sinuhe be rather pleased that she be pique at he ~~ it show that she have miss he , his pleasure show in kind of a secret smile he have behind everything he say . sinuhe I look for you at the Inn . I do not guess I would find you here . ( touch cross on she clothing ) have you take to religion ? ( continued ) 52 104 . 304 ( cont . ) 305 merit stop and look at he levelly . merit ( now a bit angry - with a bite ) if you imagine itve do so to cure & wounded heart , you be mistaken ! she pull free and walk away . camera move with they , sinuhe chase cheerfully after she . sinuhe where be you go ? merit to my home . sinuhe May I walk with you ? merit ( ironically - with a bite ) my lord 's will be mine , as he well imow . sinuhe ( conciliatory ) do not be angry with I . merit should I be sweet as honey to someone who leave I without a word ? she disappear ' out of sight through the gateway . sinuhe ( now slightly alarmed , though serious ) there be a explanation -- } he disappear through gate . for a moment we hold on the people enter through and leave through the gate , then we see kaptah , who hurry through the gate after sinuhe and merit , bent on hearing every word they say , already enjoy himself . dissolve to : ext . a STREET in thebe - moving shot - sinuhe and merit - kaptah - a few passersby - day camera be go ahead of sinuhe and merit as they walk in the direction which will take they to " the Street to the dock . " kaptah walk a couple of pace behind they , take ( continued ) 542 105 . 305 ( cont . ) it all in . apparently sinuhe have just conclude a descrip ~ tion of he travel , and apparently the two have not yet become reconcile for - merit ( still with a sting ) the world as you describe it be very large -- and without doubt fill with many fair woman . as a physician do you use you talent conscientiously on they behalf ? sinuhe look at she wonder how to get around she . he laugh and - . sinuhe ( with exaggeration which amount to comedy ) will it please you if I say that not one day have pass but what I have whisper you name to the wind ? I send my greeting to you with the swallow which fly up the Nile . merit ( suspiciously ) I see you have become a man of the world and learn that a pretty lie can be sweeter to a woman than a plain truth . ( banter , seem to answer he in kind but actually hide a truth ) then why should not I confess that I have yearn for you when I have laid alone on my mat ? when any man have of - fere friendship I have remember only you . he look at she , laugh . she laugh in return . then suddenly he grow more serious , reach for she hand . see this , she reach for he . behind they kaptah smile beatifically like a fat duenna . merit ( simply ) I be happy you be here , sinuhe . sinuhe so be I ~- even if it be a mad world where the only thing that have not change be a woman with a sharp tongue . ( continued ) she 106 . 305 ( cont .1 ) 306 merit ( stoutly ) akhnaton be not mad J he look at she seriously - look at the Cross of life sewn on she clothing - perhaps touch it , sinuhe do you really believe so much ? merit with all my heart . in this world of a thousand god , only he have divine the truth -- he be the first in all time to know it -- that there be but one God , who love we all . for a moment sinuhe be impressed by the depth of she con - viction . merit one day you , too , will believe . : sinuhe ( shaking he head - cynically ) I be afraid I have see too much of too many god to believe in anything or any one of they . you know , in Syria the priest sacrifice young girl to goat --- he stop abruptly , stop walk , astonished at something , angle at corner of " the STREET to the dock " - sinuhe , merit , kaptah - day it be the fact that she have turn into this street which have stop he with astonishment . sinuhe do you live on this street ? she hesitates a fraction of a second , seem to be conceal - ing something embarrassing , seem to be conceal it with - merit why should not I ? sinuhe this be the same street where I grow up as a child ) merit many people live on this street . ( continued ) 107 . 306 ( cont . ) 307 308 she walk ahead , out of scene . sinuhe throw a surprised look at kaptan , follow . kaptah follow . ext . " the STREET t0 the dock " - angle slanting back to corner - sinuhe , merit and kaptah - day she be march resolutely ahead , look straight ahead , sinuhe catch she , he curiosity greatly arouse . kaptah tag along . sinuhe how long have you live here ? at this moment , before she be require to answer - thoth's voice ( approach , nearby ) mother ! sinuhe react with great astonishment . merit thoth ! , sinuhe mother ? pan shot ~ thoth to group - day as he run to merit she stoops down put she hand on he shoulder , distress at what she see . thoth be dirty and bloody , but proud of he wound . he be a fine-looking boy of about seven year of age , who also wear the Cross of life sewn on he tear clothing . merit ( greatly agitate ) what have you do ? thoth ( proud ) there be a fight at school . some of the horn try to rip off my cross } merit ( agitate ) thoth , thoth .. you be all over blood ! sinuhe ( study they ) shall I have a look at he ? merit look up at he gratefully , all else momentarily forget in she concern for the boy . merit will you ? we house be just there . ( to thoth ) quickly . ( continued ) 108 . 308 ( cont . ) she take the boy out in a hurry . sinuhe look a as - e tonish question at kaptah . kaptah open wide he sin - gle eye . 309 ext . gateway to the courtyard of home of sinuhe's parent - merit and thoth - then sinuhe and kaptah ~ day as merit hurry the boy into scene through the gateway into courtyard - thoth who be he ? merit the lord sinuhe -- a very fine doctor . in the courtyard she stop at a little fish pond , whip off she headdress , dampen it in the water and begin to wipe the blood off thoth 's face . at the same time sinuhe and kaptah enter scene . sinuhe stare at the gateway , throw a look at kaptah , then look through gateway at merit . sinuhe ( almost angrily ) this be you house ? go through gateway , kaptah follow . 310 ext . courtyard of home of sinuhe's parent ~- merit and thoth - sinuhe and kaptah ~ day as the latter two come through the gateway . the angle include both the gateway and the doorway to the house merit be very glad that she be so occupy with attend to thoth and can avoid look at sinuhe . merit I buy it several year ago . sinuhe know that it be once the home of my parent ? merit it be a good house . for sale at a modest price . ( turn to he with seem exasperation ) be you go to help this child ? sinuee I be . merit you will find thing in the house . she ( continued ) she 109 . 310 ( cont . ) 31l 312 313 thoth I will show you , my lord } the lad run into the house . sinuhe throw she a pen~ etrate look , which fluster she , follow thoth into the house . merit look after they with some agitation . kaptah study she with he gimlet eye . int . room in home of sinuhe's parent - sinuhe and thoth - day as sinuhe come in he look about he , remember much , and see that very little be change except in detail . thoth have run to a corner where , in sinuhe 's old travel kit , there be instrument of a physician - sinuhe 's instrument . with a air of efficiency the boy 1s lay out the tool on the table . thoth when I grow I will be a physician also . sinuhe come to the table . he recognize the instrument as he own , and this recognition give he not so much surprise now as a very deep pleasure . he finger one of the instrument . sinuhe ( quietly ) so I see . ext . courtyard ~ merit and kaptah - day she be wait nervously , no doubt expect comment from sinuhe at find he instrument . tt do not help she to see that kaptah be beginning to grin at she . she turn away from he , go to the porch , prepare to make supper at the brazier , get fish from a cool jar to set to ry . ay room in home of sinuhe's parent ~ sinuhe and thoth - al he be attend to the boy , find that he wound be superficial . he can guess that merit mist be wait for he to make some comment about find he instrument and finally - sinuhe ( call to outside ) when you purchase this instrument be you innocent that they be once mine ? 314 315 316 317 110 . ext . courtyard - merit and kaptah - day she can hear the humor in he voice and smile to herself . merit eow strange life can bel int . room in home of sinuhe's parent - sinuhe and thoth ~ day sinuhe smile . sinuhe ( to thoth ) this will hurt . thoth ( not flinching ) be you truly physician to pharaoh ? sinuhe yes. ( add ) I hope you will use this instrument with more credit than I do . ( then call out ) you be to be congratulate ! ext . courtyard - merit and kaptah - day she be keep busy fry the fish , avoid kaptah 's look as much as possible . something in sinuhe 's tone this time make she nervous . merit ( tense ) why ? sinuhe's voice ( from inside house ) to have such a boy call you ' mother . t this be the subject that merit have wait for and fear . in spite of herself she flinch . int . room in home of sinuhe's parent ~- sinuhe and thoth - day sinuhe but you lie to I -- obviously you have marry someone while I be go . if merit could see he at this moment she would not be nervous for he think be as innocent of any hide meaning as be he tone - and he attention be on what he be do . she 318 319 320 321 ill . ext . courtyard - close shot - merit ~- day she have wait for this and she answer be ready . merit you be mistaken . he be the child of a friend of mine ... a friend now dead +e. he be a orphan . int . room in the home of sinuhe's parent - sinuhe and thoth - day sinuhe have stop for a moment to listen to she . merit ( continue ) ' mother ! be only a expression he have learn . thote ( seriously ) this be true . obviously believe , sinuhe smile . he take out the hittite spearhead , hand it to thoth , whose eye sparkle . sinuhe a small present ... one orphan to another . ext . courtyard - merit and kaptah - day she be relieved that she have apparently satisfied sinuhe - but in turn she see kaptah 's face very close to hers . he be leer at she . ' merit ( very quietly , fiercely ) you think you see too much with you one eye ! kaptah ( grin ) more than my lord sinuhe see with he twol wide angle - the four - day sinuhe come out of the house with thoth , give the boy a friendly push ahead of he sinuhe a good lad . he wander over to see she cooking , sniff the fry fish with pleasure . ( continued ) 542 112 . 321 ( cont . ) 322 323 32h merit would you like to stay to supper with we ? there be only fish and we wine be common . sinuhe smile . he walk into the center of the court - yard by the fish pond . he look around . he see thoth watch he . sinuhe that 's the sycamore tree that I learn to climb when I be young than you be . I use to stand right here with my father when he see he patient . merit - day smile . at fish pond - sinuhe and thoth ~ day the lad run in with a mat for sinuhe . sinuhe sit down by the fish pond in the shadow of the sycamore . he look back at merit . sinuhe for the first time I have the feel of be home . merit and kaptah - day her eye fill with happy tear . when she see kaptah 's eye on she - merit ( say in excuse , blink she eye ) smoke . . dissolve to : 325 326 113. ext . sky - then ext . inner courtyard of temple of aton = afternoon shot begin on sky where there be dark cloud of a ad - vwance storm . a few spiral of smoke from some fire in the city drift up to sky . camera pan down to dis - elose a long shot of the temple inner courtyard . the temple be no longer use exclusively for worship . ref - agee have set up they tent inside the grounds , the sick and the wounded take refuge in this haven . ext , of temple ground near cross of life - sinuhe and thoth - a queue of patient = kaptah - afternoon a portion of the temple grounds have be set aside for sirmhe , where he treat the wounded injure in riot and the sick of the follower of the Cross . a queue of patient wait they turn to see he . he be attend to a woman who carry in she arm a sick child . the woman wear the Cross of life . beside simbhe , thoth work as a " assistant " with great soberness . between the lad and simuhe a bond of affection be evident . to one side sit kapteh , watch . that some time have elapse be evident by a remarkable change which have take place in kaptah 's appearance . he be sit in e carry chair , which rest on the ground , while slave attend ready to pick up the chair and carry it away at they master 's command . kaptah wear rich clothes of the finest quality and a jewele patch over he blind eye . he be watch the scene with amused disapproval . from a examination of the sick child sinuhe look at thoth . sinuhe you diagnosis ? thoth , sober and worried , waggle he finger and when simiuhe bend down , whisper in he ear . whatever it be he say meet with sinuhe 's approval . the woman be un - kmott a dirty rag which serve as pursee woman ( nervously ) I have only a few copper .. the child 's father be kill in a riot eee sinuhe ( hand she money from he purse ) buy this child milk . the mother , with tear of gratitude in she eye , try to seize and kiss sinuhe 's hand but he evade she , signal for next patient . ( continued ) 114 . 326 ( cont . ) woman May we Father in heaven who love the poor reward youl 327 kaptah - afternoon laugh . kaptah I will run about the street and proclaim to the people : ' hurry to the temple , where my former master heal the sick without payment and give he wealth to the penniless | ! 328 angle past kaptah to sinuhe = thoth and patient ~ after - noon who be a man of the poor who have be wounded in a rlote sinuhe smile mildly toward kaptah . patient ( mutter } brother against brother -- father against son ~ that 's what this trouble have become ) 329 close shot kaptah - afternoon kaptah do as I doe {he pull aside one side of he cloak revealing emblem of Cross of life sewn on he clothing ) wear the Cross in akhnaton 's temple . ( elese this side of he cloak , open the other , revealing the symbol of the horn sewn on cloth - ing ) wear the horn of the old god in the market place =~ and prosper | 330 close shot sinuhe - afternoon he laugh , but the look in he eye be deeply serious . sinuhe my mind agree with you -= - but something in I ~ wish . he turn around at the sound of a approach chariot . 115 . 331 moving shot - horemheb in chariot ~ apternoon he have drive he team right into the temple grounds . he stop near sinuhe . sinuhe come over to he . camera move up on they during =~ horemheb ( sternly ) I send for you to come to the palace ! sinuhe I have be busye horemheb ( displease ) why do you waste you time here ? you do not belong here -- you belong at the palace where important issue will soon have to be decide . I can not talk to you here . sinuhe akhnaton have also send for I . if I make he wait I can make you . horemheb in the meantime , if you love you woman and she adopt son , send they out of the city . sinuhe will it be as bad as that ? horemeeb the Priests of the old god be import troops , which akhnaton have forbidden I to opposel as he put whip to team = 332 the queue of patient - thoth and woman patient - sinuee - apternoon sinuhe walk into scene to renew he work with the pa - tient , thoth put he hand in simihe 's - a gesture which mean that whatever happen the lad wish to stay with he . simbhe smile , look at the next patient . what seem to be a old woman , gaunt and crippled with @ veil cover she face , extend a arm for simbhe 's inspection . the arm be shrunken and twisted as if paralyze . he examine the arm with care and gravity . he look at the woman , see the veil hold across she lower face . sinuhe raise you head and open you eye . 333 33h 335 116 . angle past sinuhe to woman - afternoon the woman raise she head but make no move to lower the veil . simuha do this for she ~ and find himself look - ing into a pair of very green eyese sinuhe nefer eo | she look at he piteously . angle past wefer to sinuhe - apternoon remembrance flood over he and he face set with hatred , with a kind of triumph to see she in this condition . he start to turn away ~ hesitates . close angle two - afternoon she continue to look at he with piteous appeal . nefer ( with sadness and bitterness ) will I live ? simahe do not answer . ' the conflict in he be very great . he find , unaccountably , that he be beginning to feel pity and compassion and that this feeling be overwhelming anything else . nefer better if I die . she move to go away sinuhe wait . she stop . sinuhe ( gently ) I will undertake you cure . pick up a scrap of papyrus he begin to scribble on it . tear come into she eye . her lip tremble - she can not speak . sinuee get this medicine at a apothecary } come again tomorrow . dissolve to : 336 337 117 . ext , govere roof top of pharoah' palace - sinuhe and akhnaton - sunset akhnaton , very 111 , cheek sink , eye black - shadow , 4s lie on a cot . sitting beside he on a stool , sinuhe be place a cold cloth on he head . see through some pillar which support the roof be a terrible sight of the city of thebes . fire burn here and there and black column of smoke rise up into the sky , reddene by the set sun . akhnaton {in despair ) can it be that I be mad and my vision be lie ? if so , then life be hideous and the world be rule by evil . sinube ( after a pause , shake he head ) who can say for sure where truth lie - out there , in bloodsh and famine ~ or here in the sweet dream of pharaoh ? akhnat on where be my friend ? do you know that my wife have desert I ? ( feverishly ) yes , yes , - she 's go . she have take my child , mama be dead -- murder by the High Priest eie , I do believe -- I do not know -- no one telis I -- they only plot against I ... even God have forsaken mee footstep be hear . angle to include horemheb and eie - sunset who have come up out of the well of a stairway and be walk purposely toward akhnaton . for a moment akhnaton watch they approach , then turn to sinuhe with a pathetic smile . . axkhnaton crime and violence -- my follower now ! $ when horemheb and eie stand before akhnaton there be noth - ing but cold determination on they face . horembeb a courier have arrive from Memphis . Jerusalem have fall . only the for - tress at Gaza still stand . I demand that you give I leave to raise a and unite the people before the hittites annihilate we ! ( continued ) 118 , 337 ( cont . ) 338 without answer , akhnaton turn he eye away from horemhebd to eie . akhnaton ( dryly ) and you ? eie I pring you a ultimatum from the Priests . prostrate yourself before the ancient god or the army of the priest will lay you temple in ruin ! akhhaton have you both speak ? ele bowse akhnaton then out of my sight ! both of youl -( sink back weakly ) pharaoh have speak . with cold deliberation eie spit on the tile of the floor , grind the spittle with the sole of he sandal , turn and walk away . akhnaton turn from watch he to look with blaze eye at horemheb , who linger , uncomfortable . horemheb I have be you friend in spite of you madness . perhaps even because of you madness . but I can not love you and Egypt too . camera pan with he a moment as he turn away and fol - low after ele . close shot - akhnaton and sinuhe - sunset akhnaton 's eye come to rest wearily on sinuhe . akenaton if you be my friend , surely you know what you must do . sinuhe shake he head . ( continued ) 119 . 338 ( cont . ) akhnaton Men show pity on a sick animal and dispatch it with a club , and a spear bring release to a wounded lion - but to a man no one will show mercy i if you love I , you know what you have to dol he close he eye with great suffer . simihe look at he with pity . he say nothing at the moment , only wring out a fresh cold cloth and place it on akhnaton 's head , sinuhe try to rest . camera pan with he as he walk away , go down stairway where the other have go . dissolve to : 52 339 3ho 3h1 3h2 120 . int , a room in the palace - stairway - sinuhe - sundown come down from the roof intend to go to a doorway which lead to a courtyard , when he hear - horemheb's voice sinuhe ...! corner of room - horemheb and ele - sundown be huddle together like black shadow . they have be wait for he . horemheb where be you go ? angle of three - sundown sinuhe can not miss the fact that the atmosphere about this pair be that of conspiracy . he would like to avoid they . sinuee ( assume a light , jest tone ) this be my day of popularity in the palace -- the princess baketamon have also send for I . eoremheb ( cut through ) we have need of you . sinuhe come over . closer angle three - sundown it be clear that the two have already talk and arrive at some course of action , sinuhe be on he guard . eie ( unctuously ) as a friend we bear akhnaton only the best will and feel pity for he . but iliness have make he hopelessly mad . ( feel he out ) . as a physician , do not you think it would be a act of mercy to give he a medicine that would cure he head - aches so that he would never again feel pain ? sinuhe ( carefully ) only the dead never feel pain , ( continued ) 342 ( cont . ) i2i. eie you have express we intention . horemeeb as a physician he trust you . from you hand he would take ~- his irony ring out . sinuhe hat eie ( turn angrily on horemheb ) I warn youl sinuhe forgive I - but just now akhnaton begge I --- but let that pass . eoremheb ( to ete ) sinuhe will consent . he have a weak and tender heart but he be a intel - ligent man . ( add ) and he be we witness now - he be bound to we . sinuee ( with a smile of irony ) horemheb be my friend and put he threat in a loving tone . eie ( resolvi : to be con - eciliatory horemheb mean no threat . we confess we need . the fate of Egypt be in you hand . sinuhe {after a pause , rather astonished ) how very strange . ( think , " but true " ) eie ( argently ) do this necessary thing , sinuhe , and you name will be bless . ( continued ) 122 . 32 ( cont . 1 ) sinuhe look from one to the other , sinuee I take it that a agreement have be reach with the Priests of the old god . eie naturally . sinuhe and who would rule Egypt ? there be a hesitation between the two . eie ( maintain he con - ciliatory tone ) that need not be you affair . sinuhe only murder be my affair . he turn on he heel and , camera pan with he , go toward the doorway to courtyard . 3h3 horemheb and eie - sundown there ig a quick exchange of look between they . horemheb wait ! 3h sinuhe - sundown stop , look back . 3h5 three - sundown as the other two come to sinuhe , eie first - eie I can promise you great wealth and position . sinuhe I ask you who would rule Egypt . eie only the Army can save we and horemheb hold the Army . ( continued ) 123. 345 ( cont . ) sinuee ( with great astonishment ) horemheb - pharaoh ? horemheb ( angrily , stride forward baketamon will place the crown on my head ! sinuhe ( thoroughly astound ) what marvel be this ? eie I myself will marry they and as man and wife they will jointly mule . sinuhe ( with amaze irony ) do she send for I to tell I she great joy ? eie ( darkly ) it be unwise for you to see she . horemheb let he . {to sinuhe ) she do not yet know . be my friend -- speak to she on my behalf , without tell she this plan . ( strongly ) I will have she whether she consent or not . ( with a smile ) but a warrior prefer to mount a will - ing horse , siruhe ( wryly amused ) curiosity speed my foot ! he hurry out toward doorway to courtyard . eie ( call out to he ) you have not answer . ( demand ) do you agree ? 12h . 3h6 at doorway to courtyard - sinuhe - sundown smile back . sinuhe I agree to see baketamon . he go . 3h7 «© ext . courtyard of " house of women " - long shot - sinuhe - a dwarf - baketamon - apter sundown as sinuhe cross the courtyard past the fountain toward the apartment of the woman , he see that a dwarf scurries out of one of the apartment and run away . the door to this apartment remain open and by the time sinuhe arrive , baketamon be wait for he in doorway . 348 at doorway to baketamon' apartment - sinuhe and baketamon - after sundown he look at she as he approach , see that though she manner be that of she usual calm coldness , she be hold - ing back feeling only with the great effort - but the nature of she feeling he can not guess . sinuhe gracious lady , I be delay -- baketamon with the Army and the High Priest ! she move back from the doorway , she invitation for he to enter . he go in . 3k9 int . baketamon' apartment in " house of women " - sinuhe and baketamon - after sundown some faint red from the afterglow of the sun still stain portion of the wall of this room ; there be lamp light also . this room have a little lotus fountain - pool and a wonderful sleep couch ; it be fill with the most feminine adornment ; it be smoky with sweet incense - revealing of the passionate nature beneath the cool aloof - ness of baketamon . siruhe ( in answer to she speech in previous scene ) the princess have eye in the wall . baketamon ( coldly ) kill akhnaton -- it be necessary . ( continued ) 125 . 3h9 ( cont . ) sinuee ( carefully ) the princess have ear as well . baketamon ( barely able to restrain herself ) they tell you that horemheb be to mile . sinuhe by you side . baketamon with this cheesemaker ? he be astound at the ferocity of she passion . sinuhe ( carefully ) horemheb be a mighty man . baketamon bear with dung between he toe ! sinuhe for what reason do you preserve you - self , may I ask ? shock , she whirl and look at he , sinuhe if maidenhood have go to you head , a good marriage might cure you . ( rather enjoy he role ) no tree ought to bloom forever - it should also bear , baketanon you word repulse mee sinuhe ( with a wise smile ) or can it be , as people say , that you be make of freeze block of Nile water ? she lock at he quite differently than ever before , and then , for answer take he head in she hand and kiss he with fire and passion . 350 close two shot - apter sundown as baketamon release he and whirl away out of scene . sinuhe stare after she with bewilderment . 126 . 351 wider angle two - after sundown she have return instantly to she passionate anger , be walk about . baketamon eie cause my mother to be murder because she oppose horemheb , but myself he have preserve for they plan ! do they tell you how they hope to dirty the throne ? sinuhe ( try to regain he conposurey they do not ... baketamon ( raging ) tonight the old priest be to take I to the temple dress as sekhmet , the goddess of War . it will be a sign that the old god be back in power - and a sign to begin horemheb 's Holy war. sinuhe you have agree ? baketamon in the dead of night horemheb will come , and the temple gate will be shut behind he ! alone with I , he think to have he way with I by force , and by this become a god , fit to rule by my side ! sinuhe ( impressed with neat - ness of the plan ) horemheb be to be envied , baketamon not by sinuhe . as he look at she with intense surprise she grasp hold of he hand and , sit on she couch , look up at he with blaze eye . baketamon ( intensely ) if it be sinuhe who come to the temple , I will gladly swing the door shut with my own hand - submit willingly - happily climb the throne to rule with youl ( continued ) 'ot 127 . 351 ( cont . ) sinuhe ( stare down at she , overwhelm with the enormity of the idea , bewilder ) how be this possible ? baketamon the hand which slay pharaoh can slay the cheesemaker as well , it be only a question of number -~ one , or two . --- be £t possible that you do not understand my mother ? sinue ( bewilder by con - flicting thought and feeling ) the Queen mother speak through she ale . holding he hand she pull he down on the couch to sit beside she . she continue to hold he hand , and with a air of soft intimacy which be surprising in she - baketamon you be my half - brother - and the rightful heir to the throne . a conviction that she be speak the truth begin to grow in sinuhe . it be by no mean a altogether welcome think ~ it be a frightening think - but one which fascinate hin . baketamon while my mother await the birth of akhnaton there be another child bear in the palace . for once the black art of my mother 's nubian have fail . when the mother cry out to see she son , that she might present he to pharaoh , they show she a dead girl baby . with she own hand my mother wove the basket in which you be cast adrift on the River . if you doubt I , go to the ruin temple which be near akhneton 's temple . there you will find a statue of the little Queen whose face be the image of you own . dissolve to : 352 353 35h . 355 128. ext , ground of ruined temple ~ close shot at statue - sinuhe - night in the bright moonlight break through storm cloud sinuhe be examine the feature of the statue of a delicate , small , young woman . he search the cold stone , deeply move with emotion as he try to find in it the personality of the child Queen whom he be convinced may have , be he mother , after a time - at break in wall of temple - merit - night appear . she enter the temple grounds , stop when she see - from merit' perspective ~- sinuhe - night at the statue , moving shot - two - night bring merit to sinuhe . when she be quite near she foot happen to disturb a stone , the sound cause he to turn he head and see she . merit ( worried ) sinuhe ... ? sinuhe ( intensely ) how many time I have play here as a child - at war game with horemheb ! how many time I have climb up this stone - grip this face with my small boy 's grimy hand } merit ( stare ) there be wounded wait in the temple . he come to she and for a moment grip she shoulder roughly . sinuhe I have a terrible secret . he go instantly back to the statue . merit I have a secret also , sinuhe , which it be time I tell you . concern the boy -- ( continued ) 355 ( cont . ) 129 , sinuehe ( before this register ) this be my mother . merit mother --- ? sinuhe so I have be lead to believe . and if this be true then I , sinuhe , have the blood of the pharaoh and I , not akhnaton , might have sit on the throne . this much I know for sure -- tomorrow I can take the throne . ( show she he palm ) as easily - ( close he palm ) can you believe this ? merit ( shake ) all thing be possible ... 356 close shot - two - night as he take she by the shoulder again , very move and very much at a loss , sinuhe what shall I do , merit ? the palace reek with crime - it rot with intrigue -- but what be a man 's birth - right -- } ( suddenly , rapidly ) we will go away ! you and i. come with I . you and I and the boy -- you start to say something about he ? ~- there must be some place beyond the reach of all this evil ! she feel the force of he appeal as he wait for she answer . after a struggle with herseif - merit ( in a quiet , rather strange , calm decide way you must take thoth with you when you take you place at the palace . ( as he start to pro - test ) you believe yourself to be a orphan child -- kind people take you in <= do this for he , ( continued ) 130 . 356 ( cont . ) 357 358 359 360 sinuhe but you ? I can not live without youl merit ( more firmly ) it be not fitting for a man to run away , nor can he escape he destiny . sinuhe -- you will always have the love of you serve girl -- she mat will always be wait -- forget all else as if it be a dream , and I also will forget . thote's voice moth , , ( approach , yell ) other ! - as they turn - angle to thoth - night he come run toward they , wildly excited , gesticu - late toward akhnaton 's temple . in he hand , like a dagger , he carry the hittite spearhead . thoth they be attack the templel at sinuhe and merit - night sinuhe be climb onto a heap of ruin wall as thoth run in . from sinuhe's perspective on ruined wall - long shot to akhnaton' temple of aton - night this be a comprehensive view which will set up the whole pattern of the attack on akhnaton 's temple . along the broad way before the temple , several column of foot - soldier be converge for the attack , they carry torch , by which this movement can be discern - there be a horde . at the head of each colum be be drag along a great batter ram . the ram of the central column of troops be be take toward the main gate of the temple ; that of the other columm toward position along the temple wall . ext , ruined temple - sinuhe , merit and thoth ~ night as sinuhe scramble down from the heap of ruin wall , sinuhe we can get in through the side gate . ( continued ) 131 . 360 ( cont . ) 361 362 363 364 merit thoth ! go home } thoth no} ext , outside of akhnaton' temple of aton - angle toward MAIN gate of temple - a batter ram - priest , slave and soldier of the old god - defender of temple - night the angle be from almost directly behind the batter ram . it be be pull along , on sledge by slave harness to it , and by soldier . priest of the old god , most of whom be old and fat , shaven , glisten with oil , and who carry torch , urge on that who pull the ram , we may have a indication of the soldier who follow after the ram , they be armed with spear of copper and bronze , bow and arrow , stone - tip war club . in b.g. be the wide , wood - and - copper principal gate of the temple - the objective of this ram . on either side of the gate can be see the top of some ladder which have be raise from the temple grounds inside . some defender have climb up onto the walis , be wave such weapon as they have , include stave and farm tool , be shouting they defiance , ext , temple ground - long shot - night the general scene be one of great confusion . some ladder be be throw up against the wall ; some be climb the ladder ; but chiefly it be a scene of dis - order , of wild run to and for , of fright . there be many woman and child in here ~- even more of they than there be man , at a SMALL side gate - mo . long shot - defender - sinuhe , merit and thoth - night be be let in . bar be throw across the gate again . sinuhe go off in one direction , a definite destination in mind . thoth run off in another as merit try to stop he . knocked off balance by someone who be run through - merit ( call ) thothl run out after he . at section of temple ground - moving shot - sinuhe - night make he way to the place where previously he have be see treat the sick and injure . already there be many who need he service , and a badly injure man who be lie on the ground clutches at he leg . ( continued ) 132 . 364 ( cont . ) 365 366 367 wounded man help , in God 's name} sinuhe in you turn . make a line , here } get to he instrument , he stop as he see kaptah . gloser angle - sinuhe and kaptah - night sinuhe react , especially when he see that kaptah be bruise and he fine clothing be tear - sign that he have be fight . sinuhe be not you on the wrong side of the wall ? kaptah ( sheepishly ) I follow my master all over the earth ~- now I follow he to destruction , sinuhe help I make order . ( to all ) each in you turn ! ext . temple - slanting angle at MAIN gate - batter ram - priest and soldier of the old god - right the ram have be move to the main gate . its great arm swing back and then forward with a first shatter impact against the gate , which make the gate quiver . from the wall up above , a shower of stick , stone , etc. , shower down - a pitiful attempt at answer , along f.g. a line of soldier , bowmen , can be see , kneel , they weapon poise . they let fly a swarm of arrow up toward the top of the wall , the ram arm swing back , forward again with another booming blow . ext , temple ground - moving shot with merit - night be help other woman carry wine to the ladder of the fighter - and look worriedly for thoth . merit have you see thoth ? 368 369 370 371 372 373 133. ext , temple - slanting angle at a section of wall ~ batter ram - priest and soldier of the old god - night in its generality this scene be a duplicate of that at the main gate . the batter ram be smack into the wall , which already be show the sign of previous blow . we see a line of soldier who , command by a priest , kneel to aim they bow and arrow . ext . atop temple wall - slanting shot down line of defender - sky backing - thoth in f.g. - night the defender - pitiful in they defense - hurl down a few stone - some roll off large stone . thoth , he eye alight , wait , hold in he hand the hittite spearhead . a swarm of arrow fly up into scene . one of they pierce thoth . he topple backward . ext . temple ground at ladder at base of wall - thoth - group of women - night thoth fall off the wall to temple grounds , arrow break - ing , leave stub in he chest . he fall into the midst of a group of woman . nearby - close shot - merit - night turn at what she see ; a silent scream freszes in she throat . ext . temple ground at sinuhe's post - wide angle - sinuhe , kaptah , wounded - merit and thoth - night sinuhe be work as quickly as he can ; there be many wounded . kaptah be the first to see merit come , turn to watch she as she carry thoth through f.2 . close moving shot - night bring merit , with thoth , to sinuhe and kaptah . the butt of the arrow projectiong through the boy 's chest tell part of the story ; merit 's agony tell the rest . kaptah pluck at sinuhe 's sleeve . annoy to be interrupt , sinuhe turn , see merit with thoth . mertt save he ! sinuhe ( after a struggle ) wait you turn ! he turn and work feverishly on the wounded man who have be receive he attention . ( continued ) 13h . 373 ( cont . ) merit he be you soni sinuhe whirl and look at she and the boy again . sinuhe ( after a terrible struggle , manage to say - ) in line . he turn back and work furiously . kaptah come to merit . he gently force she back , camera pan with they away from sinuhe . he help she lay the boy on the ground . her frantic eye plead with he . but kaptah can do nothing . 37h ext . temple - close shot at MAIN gate - batter ram - night in its might be symbolize all the inequality of the struggle . its great arm swing back , forward with a erash which begin to shatter the gate . there be a roar from the soldier . the great arm swing back again . 375 ext . temple ground close shot at MAIN gate - defender - night defender , many of they woman , press with they hand and they body against the gate , try with they main strength to reinforce the timber and copper . Ram be hear to crash against the gate - knock many of the defender backward off they foot . a crack be open in the gate . a roar be hear from the soldier outside . 376 ext . temple ground - at sinuhe's post - sinuhe - merit , thoth and kaptah - moving shot - night pinish with the wounded man , sinuhe hurry to thoth . merit watch he with dull eye as he stoops down to the boy - for she already know what sinuhe with a short examination discover - that the boy have ble to death , he look up at she with plead eye . she turn she back and walk away . 377 ext . temple ground - mo . shot at MAIN gate - defender - attacking soldier and priest - night with a great blow of the ram the gate be knock in . defender be sweep aside and fall beneath the weight of the timber . the army sweep in , yell , weapon wave - a flood of destruction . 378 379 380 361 135 . ext , temple ground - mo , shot at section of wall - defender - attacking soldier and priest - wight the wall crumble as a great hole be knock in i¢ by a biow of this ram . that who be on top of the wall come down with the stone , a horde of destruction sweep through like that at the main gate . dissolve to : ext , temple ground - long shot - night tt be a hour later . the battle be over , silence . fow only the dead . ext , temple ground wear cross of life - moving shot - sinuhe - merit - thoth - night sinuhe be move among the dead . presently he come upon that for which he search - find the body of merit among a pile of dead . he pick she up , carry she to the altar at the foot of the Cross of life , lay she down next to the body of thoth . close moving shot ~- sinuhe - a dying woman - night with a tear fragment of altar cloth he cover they . he be bitter , break . hatred begin to set the line of he face . he rise and , camera retreate ahead of he , begin to walk away . the’ arm of a faintly alive woman reach up into scene , try to clutch at he , woman help mee sinuhe help yourselfi as he walk past she he face seta with bitter anger and determination . dissolve to ; ske 382 383 136 . int , throne room of pharaoh' palace - outside doorway to pharaoh' bedroom ~ wide angle - horemheb and eie - two soldier - night a pair of horemheb 's soldier guard the entrance to phareach 's bedroom . horemheb and eie be walk silently together , they back to camera , they turn as they hear the sound of approach footstep . : moving shot - sinuhe - horemheb and eie - night bring he to they . on he face be see the bitterness which be there when he walk out of the temple . they hurry into scene to he . sinuhe stop and look at they . eie do this mean you consent ? sinuhe it do . I have have my fill of akhnaton 's kingdom on earth . he unfold he right hand , show that he carry a small stone vial . horemheb ( excited ) akhnaton be alone in he chamber . my own soldier be on guard . how will it be give ? sinuhe in a cup of wine - ( wry smile ) - when you and I drink with he . horemheb ( startle ) I ? sinuhe we be bound together - as you say . ( then get to business ) spare I one of you guard -- I want a pantry clear so I can work privately . ( go away ) do not fret , horemheb -- what be need will be in pharaoh 's cup . he walk out through a door into a corridor . horemheb , worried , have nothing to do but - horemheb ( to soldier ) go with hin , 384 385 386 387 388 389 390 391 392 5 k 137 . int , palace corridor = sinuhe followed by soldier - night sinuhe walk up corridor toward camera . the soldier fol - low well behind . sinuhe come to a open which lead to a private room and , happen to glance inside , stop . int . corridor and private room = past sinuhe to room ~ baketamon , priest , handmaiden - night supervise by Priests of the old god , baketamon be be array by handmaiden in the red robe and jewele accou~ terment and helmet of the goddess sekhmet . int . private room = baketamon ~ night see sinuhe , unable to speak because of that present she throw he a look which be at once both a entreaty and a question , from baketamon' perspective ~ sinuhe - night bow , go along . baketamon - night smile with anticipate triumph . sinuhe 's footstep be hear go down the corridor , int , section of palace pantry - angle to corridor door - sinuhe - night enter , close door so guard will remain outside . he select a bottle of wine , three goblet ; open wine . into the first of the goblet he pour a small quantity of liquid from the stone vial - hesitates a moment = into second gob - let pour a like quantity . then into the third goblet he pour a like amount . this latter action be completely inexplicable until we see he next : he pick up a big jar of olive oil , pour a large quantity of oil into a larger drink vessel , begin to drink it . int . throne room - long shot - baketamon and procession of priest ~- horemheb and eie - night the procession to the temple of sekhmet be pass through to leave the palace - baketamon , accompany by Priests , in glory . angle to horemheb - night look hungrily at she , from horemheb's perspective - baketamon - night look neither to right nor leave . there be a smile on she face , 138 . 393 horemheb and eie - then sinuhe ~ night for the first time baketamon 's ignore of he do not pother horemheb ~ sure as he be of what will follow this night . he throw a look of amusement at eie , then both go to meet sinuhe as the latter come in , carry a tray on which be three drink cup of wine . sinuhe hand the tray to horemheb with a rather strange smile . sinuhe so let it be . horemheb which be he ? sinuhe the one he will take . he go to akhnaton 's doorway , where he wait . horemheb summon he nerve , go through into the room , sinuhe follow . 394 , int , akhnaton be room - full shot - sinuhe , horemheb , akhnaton - night only dim light - semidarkness , this room be rather simple . it 's principal decoration be paint on the wail behind the head of akhnaton 's sleep couch -- the full symbol of he god ~~ the sun' -disc with hand in benediction hold the Cross of life . on a table by the sleep couch rest the crown , the crook and other symbol of kingship . akhnaton lie very still on the couch , he head on the headrest . sinuhe and horemheb approach he quietly . 395 close shot past akhnaton on couch to sinuhe and horemheb - night for a moment they look down at he , think that akhnaton be asleep , but then he open he eye , akhnaton ( as if he have expect they ) ah , horemheb ( with friendly cordiality ) we beg leave to drink wine with you , akhnaton , in token of friendship . I regret my word on the roof top and believe that tomorrow the prospect for Egypt will be brighter . akhnaton give he a odd , twisted smile , he eye shift to sinuhe . akenaton De you bring I peace , sinuhe ? she ( continued ) 139 . 395 ( cont . ) 396 he reach out and take one of the goblet . horemheb , nervous , make sure that akhnaton be look at the goblet , shift he eye quickly to sinuhe in question , sinuhe nod . satisfied , horemheb set the tray with the other two gob - let on a small table by the couch , akhnaton look at they and with a gesture invite they to be seat . horemheb ( cheerfully ) like old time . do you remember when we three meet on the dessert - young man «= ~ ? akhnaton ( disregard he , to sinuhe ) if you bring I peace , it will be sweeter than the scent of myrrh . with a sudden , surprisingly swift motion , he drain the goblet . a half - gesture from sinuhe be too late . as horemheb watch with great suspense , akhnaton sigh , let the goblet roll from he hand and lay he head back onto the headrest . horemheb ( with satisfaction ) much brighter , tomorrow , very tight shot - three - night akhnaton ( fervently ) sinuhe ! harken to I ! God have not for - saken I , when you leave I on the roof top - as darkness descend ~ I see the true light . all thing I have speak I have from God ! I die , not because I try to deceive the world , but because I try to make it noble . -= with what difficulty do God try to reveal himself - for we , his child , be blind and stupid . for age , through the great circle of time , he have try -- he try with I -- I be frail and weak but he have show I his love , permit I to die in his cause . I tell you - I be the shadow of one who will come -- the mighty one -- a King of king ! ( weaken ) I be a shadow to walk before him ... he stop talk , and horemheb and sinuhe , look at he , yaderstand that he be dead . for a long moment they be silent , then - ( continued ) 140 . 396 ( cont . ) sinuhe ( more to himself than 6 horemheb ) why have I do this ? be it for the good of Egypt ? be it because he ask I , and I love he -- do I hate hin , because of merit and thoth ? or be it write that a man must live he life until he cup be full to overflow ? 397 wider angle - sinuhe and horemheb ~ night horemheb rise and look down at akhnaton , he take off he cloak and , as he do in the desert , spread it over the still , frail form , he straighten , rise to he full height , seem to expand . horemheb this be the hour I have await all my life . ( with a kind of awe ) I be Egypt now ! : he pick up he goblet , raise it . sinuhe ( fascinate , quietly ) horemheb ... horemheb and I will do such deed for she glory -~ ! sinuhe do not drink it , horemheb look a astonished question at he . sinuhe or you will not be Egypt - or any - thing . slowly comprehension dawns on horemheb . the hand which hold the goblet begin to tremble ; he drop the goblet which ring on the floor , and wine splashes everywhere , sinuhe go to the temple , horemheb -- horemheb ( fright grow into anger ) you dare - ? sinuhe baketamon wait . she ( continued ) she 397 ( cont . ) yl . sinuhe ( cont . ) ( walk away into room ) she will be greatly surprised , for it be not you she expect , and no doubt the claw of the lioness goddess will rip into you - but you can prevail . ( on the other side of cot , look at crown , etc. on table ) go to the temple , climb the throne - ( throw crown more at he than to he ) - receive you crown and bless my name , for I , a insignificant physician , have make you pharaoh ! horemheb you really dare , sinuhe yes , I dare and dare now , have not akhnaton 's last word save we both , wear the dirty crown ! -- horemheb this be treason ! I will -- sinuhe ( with scorn ) you will , will , what you will ! you will go to war and win a battle ? you will con= quer and not know that it be defeat ? you will raise Egypt to glory , and watch she die ? horemheb , the crown be heavy , and you will wear it with sorrow . we live in the twilight of Egypt , and you will be she sunset . wation rise , only to fall - race die out - king build mighty monument , only to have they crumble into dust - glory flee like a shadow -- all this thing be earthly , and have the seed of death in they . only a think can live = only a great truth can grow and flourish , and a truth can not be kill . it pass in secret from one man 's heart to another - it be give in a mother 's milk to she child ~~ how many upheaval must occur , how many people be sweep from the face of the earth before the truth shine in glory , but it will , it will ... 398 angle to horemheb - night horemheb have recover he composure , have measure he strength against sinuhe 's with satisfaction , ( continued ) 398 ( cont . ) 399 4.00 4o1 4o2 she angle to angle to lke . horemheb ( with amused scorn ) be you try to tell I that you will fight against I , sinuhe ? sinuhe - night sinuhe oh , you will win that too - you will silence I , but not for a long time , for we be bound together , you and I -~ the knowledge of a mutual crime form bond even stronger than that of friendship - and until you do silence I --- horemheb - night ehoremheb ( with amused scorn ) yes - and what will you do , physician ? angle to sinuhe - night with camera move very slowly to he during - sinuee ( simply , but with increase , calm fervor ) I will go amongst the people and speak of the God who love we all . I will wear the clothes of slave and kick the sandal off my foot and speak to the wife as they fry they fish before they mud hut by the river - to the porter on the dock = to the smith at they bellow = to the mer - chant who mix sand with flour - to the mill owner who gag they slave that they might not eat the corn they grind = to the judge who give wrong judgment for bribe - to the noble who will set they dog on I ~= and I will say : direct CUT to : ext . house in desert - close shot - old sinuhe - sunset as he continue directly - old sinuhe there be no difference between one man and another , for all be bear naked into the ( continued ) 143. 402 ( cont . ) 403 kok hos 406 407 old sinuhe ( cont . ) world , a man can not be measure by the color of he skin , or by he speech , or by he clothes and jewel , but only by he heart . a good man be better than a bad man , and justice be better than in - justice . I have spend the day of my life in seek knowledge -- and that be all I imow , a swift , wide motion of he hand set the scroll roll backward , close shot - scroll - sunset just a flash - scroll roll backward . direct CUT to : ext . thebe - long shot toward the entrance of the temple school " the house of life " ~ a group of student - bright day burst out of the building ~ about twenty - five of they - they literally tumble out of the building . each hold in he hand a papyrus roll tie with ribbon , a symbol of graduation . close angle student ~- sinuhe and horemheb at seventeen year of age - bright day they pause , out of breath . horemheb ( gay and carefree ) well , here we be - we lesson learn , we duty to the temple do . now you go to the higher temple to study and I to the barrack to become a soldier <--- he stop as he see someone o.s. across the street , nudge sinuhe and point . sinuhe look in that direction . from there perspective - across STREET - merit at seventeen ~ bright day stand wait , smile . wide angle - bright day sinuhe and horemheb part , they shout of goodbye be practically lose in the shouting of all the other student . sinuhe run across the street to merit . she 408 409 close moving shot - sinuhe and merit - bright day as he rush to she . sinuhe ( show papyrus roll ) I ' tve get it ! merit I be proud ! so proud} they link arm , come along the street , camera retreate ahead of they . suddenly sinuhe slow down ; merit adjust she pace to he , then he stop altogether , she look at he - see that there be a faraway look in he eye - a thoughtful look on he face . merit what be you think about ? with a slight start , sinuhe come out of he absorption . he glance at the diploma in he hand , then look at merit . sinuhe ( eager , alive ) i wonder what this life hold in store for I see . then , lightheartedly they start to walk again , come directly toward camera , they face alive with hope - and expectation for the future , direct CUT to : ext . desert outside cairo ~ the pyramid of egypt - day as they be today , erode by time , crumble into dust . and this word : the event of this story happen almost fourteen hundred year be - fore the birth of Jesus Christ . fade out tz end