eighth grade written by bo burnham a webcam' feed -- a young girl in front a flat backdrop . this be kayla ( 13 ) . stare directly at we . the image quality be low . she shine through it with a affect brightness . kayla hey guy ! it 's kayla ! back with another video . I have not be get ton of view on this so if you like they , please share they with you friend . I would really appreciate it . cool ...so , um .. today I want to talk to you guy about - be yourself . okay , so , like , be yourself ? what do that mean ? like , be not I always be myself ? well , like , yes , for sure . but '' be yourself '' also mean , like , not change the um -- ( look down at she lap ) -- uh ... sorry , I be read this off a piece of paper -- ... okay '' be yourself '' also mean like not change yourself to be cool or like to try to impress a guy or whatever . as she speak , she eye wander with she thought . she play with she hair , twirling it around a finger , tilting she head to piece out a thin strand with both hand then fix it . she do this constantly . kayla ( cont 'd ) and it 's really important to be yourself , because like you could be the most popular kid at school or have like the hot boyfriend or whatever , but if you be not be yourself , then like what 's the point ? Cause , like , if you be not be yourself ... then what 's the poi- I say that already . okay . ....okay . so ...okay , but what make be yourself hard sometimes be that it 's not always easy . ( more ) kayla ( cont 'd ) Cause sometimes people will make fun of you for be yourself but you just have to ignore they because you be be yourself and that 's good and if someone 's be mean , that suck but evil people exist and you can not change that . okay ... and you can not let other people tell you who you be . like , for instance , like sometimes people say that I be shy or quiet just because I do not talk a lot at school or whatever . but just because I be quiet sometimes , do not mean ... okay , like ... like I be not shy . like if someone be nice then I will talk to they and I can be really funny and fun to talk to . but like , just cause I be not talk all the time like everyone else do not mean that I be a quiet person . it just mean that I ... like , I be not scared to talk , I just choose not to ..... okay , so , like , yeah , you should be yourself and do not worry what other people think , and if they think you be something that you be not , just let it go and try to not care and eventually everything will work out . cool . so hopefully some of you find this video helpful . please remember to share this video and subscribe to my channel . thanks for watch ! byeee ! a wide view reveal : kayla , sit in the corner of she room , she laptop open on the desk in front of she , a bland , color the wall behind she . she reach forward , close the laptop and alone . int . bedroom . the next morning the bedroom be small and brightly - color . star and movie star and pretty photo on bed with a massive pink down comforter and beneath it . backdrop hang on sit in the dark . poster of pop the wall . a twin something tiny a bubbly electro - pop song fade up . just as the song start to get loud , just as the song start to reveal itself as the perfect accompaniment for a spring morning , the pink comforter on the bed stir and a tiny hand emerge , turn off the song that 's blaring from a iphone plugge in on the bedside table . kayla emerge from the bed in she pajamas . she get up and stretch , make weird morning sound in the quiet room . int . kayla 's bathroom —- moment later begin sequence -- Post - it note lining the border of a large bathroom mirror . reminder and lyric and quote : '' trust yourself . '' '' don ’t just fly , soar . '' '' be you own kind of beautiufl . '' '' get new toothbrush . '' some look freshly make , other old , they bright color fade . -- the bathroom be fill with steam . kayla appear in front of the mirror freshly shower , one towel wrap around she body , another wrapping she hair . -- kayla get close to the mirror , rub moisturizer on she face , take the towel of she head . -- kayla blow dry she hair . -- kayla open she laptop on the bathroom counter . open she browser . go to she bookmark tab and scroll down to a YouTube link title : my everyday casual makeup tutorial . -- kayla apply foundation , glance back and forth from she own reflection to she laptop 's screen . -- on kayla 's laptop - a beautiful , well - light young woman ( 16 ) sit in she bedroom , apply foundation in close -up . the video have seven million view . -- kayla apply some subtle eyeliner . consult the mirror , the laptop , the mirror again , blush . lip gloss . kayla . her reflection . the Young woman on the screen . all get ready together . -- kayla inspect she finish hair and makeup from multiple angle . -- kayla grab she laptop and pajamas off the bathroom counter and exit . int . back in her bedroom - continuous sequence continue -- kayla have change back into she pajamas and be now climb back into bed . -- kayla get under the cover , careful not to mess up she hair . she put she head on the pillow , lift she iphone and take a selfie , strain to seem casual . -- another selfie on the bed from a different angle . -- another . and another . and another . -- kayla sit on the edge of she bed , still in she pajamas . she look at she phone . -- on kayla 's phone screen : kayla be on instagram , posting the selfie of she '' waking up . '' she choose a filter . she caption the photo : '' just wake up . ughhhhh '' she post it . electronic music . loud . bright . macro shot : a grid of a thousand pixel , form picture , text , move image , then closer , to the stark reality of a liquid Crystal display : dozen of rectangular block of light , the subpixel , in repeat group of three , red / blue / green , arrange in row and column , so close now that no image can form , no color even beyond the three present , flash and pulsing with abstract order : redbluegreenblueredgreenblueredbluegreenredbluegreenbluered . ext . suburban STREET . later kayla , now dress for school , walk down the sidewalk . her massive backpack force she to lean forward , hand clutching the shoulder strap . she have headphone in . we follow she close , at eye-level . the world be big . she be small and move quickly through it . ext . another STREET . later kayla walk , headphone blaring . the sun be shine . she do not notice . a car pass and someone inside scream at kayla as it whizze by . kayla do not notice . ext . another STREET . later kayla keep walk . stop . take out she iphone and look * at it . on the screen : she instagram photo have receive zero like and one comment . the comment , from asherk 1313 , read : '' ew . '' kayla stare at the phone and delete she photo . she look up and hustle across the street . Pan to reveal , mile grove middle school , a giant brick building , wide and sturdy , beyond a large parking lot . kayla walk toward it , get smaller and eventually disappear into the mass of kid and car and bus that be all be pull inward toward the school . woman 's voice ( v.o. ) you body be change . int . hallway . later kayla walk down the crowded hallway , backpack on . Rather than the sound of the busy hallway , we hear a calm adult female voice and the cheesy educational score accompany she . woman 's voice ( v.o. ) this change can be scary . but this change be a good thing . it mean that you be become a adult . kayla walk , move forward , head down . woman 's voice ( v.o. ) you may have notice hair start to grow in new place . int . bathroom . later kayla sit on the toilet in a stall . woman 's voice ( v.o. ) you may have notice hair start to grow in new place . kayla reach for toilet paper . int . bathroom . moment later three girl ( 13 ) stand in front of the three available mirror , preen themselves . kayla stand behind they , she hand out awkwardly , wait to wash they . woman 's voice ( v.o. ) you may have begin to gain some weight or grow taller .... this be normal ... this be healthy . kayla wait , hand out . the three girl do not notice she . int . art CLASS . later . kayla sit at a long , dirtied table in the back of the art class , work on something with she hand : it 's some weird clay thing . like a sculpture / face / mug , grey and soft and shiny and wet and kayla be molding it with she hand , put the finish touch onto something that be turn around nothing like she hope it would . woman 's voice ( v.o. ) you body ... be a amazing thing . a banging sound . kayla look over to see a large boy ( 13 ) sit beside she , punch he clay into the table with both hand . int . hallway . later kayla wait at the water fountain , behind a girl ( 13 ) who be drink at it . woman 's voice ( v.o. ) and you body deserve respect . by understanding exactly how you body be change , you be respect you body and yourself . the girl finally stop drink , then immediately reach into she backpack , take out a empty water bottle and begin fill it at the fountain . kayla wait . int . classroom . later the room be dark and a tv have be wheeled out in front of the student . we see the woman ( 40s ) who have be speak on the screen - look directly into camera . behind the tv , mrs . nolan ( 5as ) work behind she desk . 7 . the student watch the movie with a mixture of awe , confusion and disgust . in the back , kayla crane she neck to see . woman on the tv over the course of this next thirty minute , we will begin to explore and understand this change body of yours . kayla give up try to see . she look around , bored - see something . across the room - a strange boy have he head tuck in he shirt , the glow of he phone illuminate from inside the fabric : he 's secretly watch a video . and do something else . kayla stare . confused . woman on the tv ( cont ’d ) chapter one : the Hair down there . girl 's voice ( 0.s. ) tristan , be you masturbating ??? a silence . then the class freak out . laugh and scream and '' ewww " 's . Mrs. nolan try to calm they down . mrs . nolan hey ! quiet ! qui - ET ! it 's no use . it 's chaos . boy point and laugh . Girls scream and heckle in disgust . Tristan deny everything . Mrs. nolan fail to control the situation . and way in the back , kayla sit quietly . as commotion in the classroom build and crescendos , we hear something else , a orchestra , swell and overtake the noise of the kid as we cut to -- int . hallway . later kayla walk down the hallway . we hear only the orchestra , strain to play correctly , bum note everywhere , section off tempo , instrument out of tune , the whole piece drag and plodd along , a ton of effort , little success . kayla walk down the hallway . the orchestra strain to score the moment . int . auditorium . day . the stage of the auditorium , and the source of the sound we have be hearing : a fifty - piece student orchestra be mid - performance , the music teacher stand in front of they , conduct . we drift through the student , trumpet player with red face , violinist with poor posture , clarinet player with split reed squeaking out a high harmony . it 's a mess . we arrive at the back , where kayla be station , one giant cymbal in each hand , wait for she moment . the song end and she smack they together a fraction late . crasssshhhhhhh . a pause . then light applause . int . auditorium . moment later kayla sit in the audience with she classmate . mr . mcdaniel thank you again to the school band for that wonderful performance . impressive stuff . principal mcdaniel ( 40s , gentle ) be stand on stage . mr . mcdaniel ( cont 'd ) ..- alright , eighth grader ! next week be you last week here at mile Grove Middle School . huge cheer . mr . mcdaniel ( cont 'd ) okay , okay , yep , very good -- but , but ... we still have a lot of important work ahead of we . and a lot of fun work ahead of we . we have the High School shadow Program early next week ... we also have a few guest speaker . should be fun . and the end of the year dance . whoops and cheer from the crowd . mr. mcdaniel ( cont 'd ) and , and ... we have you sixth grade time capsule for you to pick up today . remember that shoebox that you make during the first week of sixth grade ? remember how we say that that time capsule be go to be a gift for the future '' you '' that would eventually '' make it '' here at mile Grove Middle School ? well , you have made it . so pick that up in the lobby when this assembly be over ... alright , now I be go to turn thing over to Mrs. roach who will read the result of the eighth grade class superlative ! hushed excited reaction from the crowd . whisper , '' yesssss '' . mr . mcdaniel ( cont 'd ) Mrs. roche ? mrs . roche ( 5as , stone - face ) walk onto the court . she stand behind a podium and read . mrs . roche if you name be call , please report to the Band practice room after this Assembly to have you picture take for the yearbook . mr . mcdaniel but pick up you time capsule first ! mrs . roche yes ...okay ... class superlative , as vote by you - the student . each category have a male and female winner from the student body . okay ... most athletic ... Danny atchison and olivia elder ... some girl woo ! yeah oliviaaaa ! mrs . roche most artistic ... Wyatt conville and Dawn ringelheim ... kayla sit in the crowd , pick at she nail . 10 . mrs . roche ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) class clown ... jed goodwin and missy vitale ... somewhere in the crowd , jed make a loud fart noise and the auditorium laugh . classic jed . kayla continue to pick at she nail . bite they . bore , not nervous . we stay on she . mrs . roche ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) most talkative ... Pat druschel and Jackie stasiak .... most quiet ... this get kayla 's attention . she stop fidget . close she eye . mrs . roche ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ... Andrew field and kayla Day . kayla grimace . ball she hand into fist . shrink . mrs . roche ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) best eye ... int . band practice room . later the eighteen superlative winner sit in the Band room amongst the music stand and instrument . kayla sit by herself . she look over at a group of girl who be inspect and share at each other 's time capsule -- bright shoebox full of personal trinket . the girl laugh and do a lot of '' oh my god 's and '' shut up 's . kayla look down at she time capsule sit on she lap -- the outside make purple and pink with construction paper . on the top of the shoebox 's lid , in large glittery pink lettering , sixth - grade kayla write : to the coolest girl in the world kayla stare at this . a door open . Mr. m enter . mr . mcdaniel okay superlative winner , so after you have take you picture please return to you fifth period class . okay , we will start with ... Mr. and Mrs. best eye ! aiden Wilson - Carter and Kennedy grave ! 11 . the group of girl cheer as one of they stand . this be kennedy grave ( 13 , " cool " ) . she walk past kayla . kayla ( weak thumb up ) good job . Kennedy pass she , do not hear and / or care . mr . mcdaniel aiden ... aiden ! time slow and music blast as aiden wilson - carter ( 13 , perfect ) look up from he phone in the back of the room . his face be blank and bored . his eye be the best . he get up and walk toward the front of the room , in slow motion , annoyed and bored . kayla turn and look at he , she face deflate into awe - he somehow get hotter every time she see he . he pass she and the music stop abruptly and we snap back into real time just in time to hear a faint , breathy : kayla good j- .... aiden arrive at the front of the room . kennedy hey , aiden . aiden hey . kennedy ( fishing ) so embarrassing that we get vote best eye , like honestly like I do not even think my eye be that great . aiden ( almost a robot ) yeah ... Kennedy and aiden follow Mr. mcdaniel out of the room . kayla watch they leave and then look down at the time capsule in she lap . 12 . to the coolest girl in the world kayla gently lift the lid off of the shoebox . she begin remove and inspect thing . a movie ticket stub . a small frog figurine . a Justin bieber magnet . then , a picture of a young kayla on a field trip with she class . she 's smile in this picture . surrounded by she classmate . she 's about to close the capsule , when she spot something . a tiny plastic spongebob squarepant . she pick it up with two finger and stare at it . the plastic spongebob stare back as we hear a door open . mr . mcdaniel ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) shhhh ..-.hey ....hey .... I be look for Mr. and Mrs. most quiet , Andrew field and kayla Day . shhhh .... kayla look up . :- | int . music classroom . moment later . a photographer ( 5as , tired ) sit on a stool behind a camera and tripod . Mr. mcdaniel enter the room , trail by kayla and andrew field ( 13 , silent , very weird ) . mr . mcdaniel alright guy , just pop a squat over there and we will get a few glamour shot . kayla and Andrew walk over to the '' photo shoot area '' -- two adjacent chair set up in front of a hang backdrop , flanke by mount light and reflect umbrella . they sit . mr . mcdaniel ( cont 'd ) so we have be try to do sort of funny pose that reflect the superlative . like for the most athletic , Danny pretend to be run for a touchdown and olivia pretend to be tackle he . so , it should be fun , you know ? you guy have any idea ? no response , obviously . 13. mr . mcdaniel ( cont 'd ) oh ! maybe Andrew , you could be hold a book , and kayla , maybe you could be shushing he like you be at a library or something ? photographer battery 's dead . gotta run to my car . mr . mcdaniel oh , okay . no problem ... you know what , I think I 'il run to the restroom . hang tight kid ! the photographer and Mr. mcdaniel exit . kayla and Andrew sit together , alone , side - by-side . kayla fidget with she nail , busy . Andrew stare straight ahead , slack - jaw , tooth in brace , ostensibly brain -dead . they be quiet from two totally different place -- self - consciousness and unconsciousness . they sit in silence for a full minute . sixty excruciate second . no one enter . ext . school . later kayla exit the school , wear she backpack . a suv pull up and honk . Kennedy grave ( miss best eye ) climb into the passenger seat . dianne grave ( 40s ) shout past she daughter to kayla . dianne grave hey ! Little one ! she honk . kayla notice , walk over , hesitantly . Kennedy roll she eye . dianne grave ( cont ’d ) ( to kayla ) you be Mark 's girl , right ? kayla yeah . Kennedy , stick in the middle of this , glare at kayla . dianne grave you dad be such a huge help with the spring fundraiser . thank he again for I , will you ? Blue 14 . kayla I will . dianne grave what 's you name again ? kennedy ( annoyed ) kayla . dianne grave kayla ! yes ! kayla , you know , we just open we pool ... Kennedy turn to she , widen she eye . dianne grave ( cont ’d ) ( to Kennedy ) shush . ( to kayla ) we just open we pool and we be have we first big pool party of the summer for Kennedy 's birthday tomorrow . you should come . gonna be lot of fun , right Kennedy ? kennedy yep . dianne grave you should come . it 's gonna be a blast . Kennedy will send you a invite on facebook . right Kennedy ? kennedy ohmygod . dianne grave can you make it ? kayla look at Kennedy , see how unwanted she be . kayla maybe ... I probably can not . i’1l try but I probably can not . dianne grave try to make it . you 'il have a blast . and say thanks to you dad again for I . 15 . kayla okay . dianne grave great ! see you tomorrow maybe ! kayla okay maybe , probably not though , thank you . dianne grave say bye , Kennedy . kennedy bye . kayla bye . they drive away . kayla stand in place , stare straight ahead , perfectly still . then , suddenly , she run . we follow she , close , as she sprint across the parking lot , away from the school . ext . STREET . moment later kayla continue she sprint down the sidewalk , she backpack weigh she down , force she to run awkwardly in weird , forceful lunge . she breathes heavily , run as hard as she can with the weight on she back . she sprint across the street , tiring but push through , down a sidewalk , then another street , pass a woman walk she dog , a couple kid walk back from school , she run past they , she arm swinging to counteract the backpack that want to pull she down . she force herself forward . can not anymore . she slow and collapse onto a patch of grass , backpack first , like a flip turtle . she close she eye and catch she breath , nearly hyperventilate . as she breath return , she slowly rock to she side , lift herself to she foot , and continue in the same direction she have just be run - now just walk , head down . 16 . int . dine room kayla 's house . night close on on kayla 's iPad . her tiny finger open she itune app and select a bright cheery pop song . it play loudly . her tiny finger touch the screen , minimize itune and open she instagram app . she scroll through the feed people she follow : a video of a boy her age bowling , caption : '' matty get ready to suck 101111111 '' . a picture of three girl her age painting there nail , caption : '' friday nite nail party # getit '' . demi lovato backstage get ready for a show . kayla scroll past dozen of photo - all show various fun , eighth - grade Friday night be have by she classmate . a wide view reveal kayla 's Friday night : a quiet dinner at home with dad . homemade chicken breast and green bean on each of they plate . two bowl of extras between they . kayla scroll through she iphone with she headphone in , the iPad propped up on a stand in front of she plate of food . dad eat quietly . kayla do not touch she plate , the sound of kayla 's music now buzzing quietly in she ear . dad ... kayla . she do not hear he . dad ( cont 'd ) eeeee kayla ...... Kay .... dad wave he arm , flagging she down . kayla remove one of the earbud from she leave ear . dad ( cont 'd ) food 's get cold . kayla I like it cold . dad okay . she put the earbud back in . resume scrolling . dad ( cont 'd ) one more week of eighth grade , huh ? 17 . kayla remove she earbud , annoyed . kayla what ?? dad I say one more week of eighth grade , right ?? kayla yep . dad crazy ... can not believe you be gonna be in high school . you excited ? kayla yep . dad you be get a little taste of it next week , right ? the high school shadow thing ? kayla yeah . dad that 's fun . do you know who you be follow around yet ? kayla no . kayla go to put she earbud back in , dad cut she off : dad hey , I get a email from Mrs. grave . Said you be go to Kennedy 's birthday thing tomorrow ? kayla I be not . dad really ? kayla yeah , no . dad sounded kinda fun . 18. kayla Kennedy do not like I . dad that can not be true . kayla cool . dad you know sometimes kid act like they do not like you but really that 's just cause they get they own stuff go on - dad stop as he notice that kayla have put she headphone back in and be stare at she iphone , not listen to he . * dad ( cont 'd ) rs kayla ?........ kayla ......... he crumple up a napkin and toss it across the table , hit kayla in the head . kayla rip out she headphone . kayla be you kidding I right now ? dad laugh , kayla do not . dad hey , come on , I be be funny . kayla if you be the only one that think it 's funny it 's not funny it 's just annoying . dad ( crossing he eye ) whaaaaaat ? kayla stoppp . it 's Friday night , you say I can do whatever I want on Fridays - dad I know , I know and you can , sorry . just let I say one thing and then you can do you iphone and I 'il leave you alone , alright ?? kayla huff , slam down she iphone , glare at he . 19 . kayla Fine . what . dad okay ... but you gotta listen . do not be angry before I even say it or you will not really hear it , okay ? kayla ohmygod , dad , just say it -- dad alrightalrightokay -- I be say ite ... dad gather himself . pause . kayla dad . dad I be thinking . kayla close she eye . so frustrated . dad ( cont 'd ) ... i... I think you be so cool - kayla ( huge huff , so embarrassed ) dad , seriously , I be gonna stop eat with you if -- dad you say I could say my one thing so let I say it ... kayla dad I think you be so cool . when I be you age , I be not cool like you . you have all this interest and you make all you video and stuff and that 's so great and cool . but ... you know but sometimes I just worry that you do not put yourself out there -- kayla please stop -- 20 . dad I know , look , I know the kid at school be not great . I be not say you have to be best friend with Kennedy grave , alright ?... I just - and you be gonna think this be lame - but I just think you be a really special person . kayla bury she head in she hand . kayla ( muffle through hand ) uhmuhguhh . dad I do ! sorry , I do . you know , and I know dad be suppose to think they kid be special no matter what but I be tell you kayla , if I be not you dad , I have still think that . sorry . I would . and , I just -- kayla this be more than one thing . dad it 's one chunk . I be say one chunk of stuff ... and I know it 's like '' shut up , dad '' and I get it , I really do , I know I be be lame but I be not try make you feel bad when I say this stuff , I be actually try make you feel better . kayla then let I use my iPad . dad see that this be not go anywhere . dad ..+. sure , yeah , do you thing . dad smile , sad , as he daughter put she headphone back in and stare at she iPad . they sit in silence . dad ( cont 'd ) hey , Kay , remember when I use to do monkey Chicken man ? kayla ignore he , do not look up . 21 . Blue dad ( cont 'd ) ( do a funny voice , weird arm gesture ) I be a monkey Chicken maaaan , I 'ma monkey Chicken maaaan . oo oo bock bock o00 oo bock ba-cock ! dad laugh . kayla stare at she iPad . dad give up , for now , go back to eat . they sit in silence . int . kayla 's bedroom . later kayla lie on she bed , earbud in , buzzing quietly , she laptop open on she chest . she be browsing the internet . she stare at she computer screen , she face be in blank contrast to the thing she 's look at : music video , article , picture , everything , every piece of culture ever right here in front of her in bright light . her phone buzze . she shut she laptop . on she phone 's homescreen , two notification from twitter : one new follower , one new direct message . she open she twitter app . in she notification : kennedy grave just followed you . she go into she direct message . there 's a fresh message from Kennedy : hi , so my mom say to invite you to my thing tomorrow , so this be I do that . kayla stare at the ' invitation . 's she click on Kennedy 's name and be bring to Kennedy 's twitter profile . she have a cute profile picture . her latest tweet be a tweet to @awcl 23 : hey mr best eye . wat u lookin at lmao . kayla click on @awcl23 and be bring to aiden 's profile . his profile picture be a douchey photo of he look sweaty after a lacrosse game . kayla plug in she headphone , go to itune in she phone , select a pop song , and blast it , scoring the follow : 22 . she return to aiden 's twitter page . go to the media section and scroll through the photo and video he 's post , breathe heavily . a selfie . a pic after practice . then something stop she . a video aiden have post title : straight flexin bruh . she click it . it 's a iphone video aiden take of himself . he 's wear a tank top and flex he muscle in he bathroom mirror . kayla watch it . she watch he . her heart practically vibrate . she bring she hand up to she mouth and bite she nail . aiden flexe , smile . kayla stop bite . keeps she hand at she mouth . as the song climax , kayla turn she hand over and kiss it . aiden keep flex as kayla begin to full - on make out with the back of she hand , eye close , like aiden and she be kissing in the rain . the music follow suit . then , a knock on her door . kayla jump , rip out she headphone , and throws she iphone across the room . it make a awful sound . kayla uhh !! what ??? dad ( 0.s. ) I be go to bed . kayla okay . dad alright , good night . kayla dad you mad at I ? kayla just do not knock so loud . dad right . yep. sorry . night. 23. we hear dad leave as kayla roll over and off the bed . she walk across the room to she iphone . it 's screen down on the ground . kayla pleasepleasepleaseplease . kayla pick up the phone and turn it over : the screen be cracked . behind the violent web of jag black line , she homescreen be a picture of demi lovato laugh . the time , 11:13 pm . kayla sssssssshit . shitshitshit . kayla grunt and whine , so angry she could cry . she flop back onto she bed , lie down , stare at the ceiling . ugh . then , with sudden purpose , still mad , she sit up , roll off she bed , walk across the room and unzip she backpack . she take out she time capsule , put it on the floor , rip off the top , fish through the box , grab something , and storm back to bed . she get under the cover and lay still . the room be dark . she bring she hand up close to she face and we see what she grab out of the box : the tiny plastic spongebob squarepant . she stare . spongebob stare back . she rip spongebob from he squarepant - it 's a usb drive . she grab she laptop and open it . harsh light . she plug the spongebob in to she laptop and minimize she browser . the usb appear on the desktop as a icon '' 16gb filesystem . '' kayla click it . the drive contain one video file . it 's title '' dear 8 th grade kayla . '' kayla put she headphone in . stare at she screen . hesitates . then click . we hear kayla 's voice . it 's young . young kayla ( 0.s ) hey , kayla ! it 's you , kayla . 24 . Young kayla laugh . we stay on we kayla , never see what 's play on the screen . young kayla ( v.o. ) I be just make this video to congratulate you on finish 8th grade ! woohooo ! I be so , so , so , so , sooooo proud of you . kayla watch , squinting , uncomfortable . young kayla I be make this video on a friday . I just finish my first week of sixth grade and I be about to have my first middle school weekend so that 's pretty cool - you have have a bunch of middle school weekend so they be probably not cool to you anymore . kayla cringe at herself . keeps watch . young kayla ( cont ’d ) I have so many question for you . be you still do karate ? I ’ma yellow belt now , what belt be you ? do you have a boyfriend ? be he nice ? what 's the coolest thing you have do ? what 's the second coolest ? you do not have to answer because I can not hear you obviously but anyway , yeah , I be really excited for middle school and , um , like , I just want to make this video to say great job and you be the best and I hope you have a lot of fun in middle school and I hope all you new friend be be nice to you because you deserve it . okay . stay cool ! I can not wait to be you . byeeeee . the sound stop . kayla stare . on the screen : we get we only glimpse at the sixth - grade kayla , freeze in she seat , give a smile and a wave to the camera . her face be smaller . rounder . kayla xs out of the video . close she laptop . open she phone aiden 's video be still up behind the crack glass . kayla xs out of it . she click on she direct message . the message from Kennedy . 25 . kayla think . ext . kennedy 's house . the next day . low angle on a colossal mcmansion . Green lawn that look fake . Stone walkway . it 's all just big and gross and scary . dad 's pickup truck be park in front of it . kayla sit shotgun , stare out the window away from dad who stare at she from the driver 's seat . kayla do not move . a long silence . dad I be so glad you be do this . this will be good . I think you be gonna have a lot of fun . kayla mmm . kayla keep stare at the house , tense . do not move . dad want I to walk you in ? kayla no. kayla keep stare . dad sit patiently . kayla take a deep breath and exit the car , hold a backpack and a small wrap gift . dad text I when you want to get pick up . kayla okay . kayla shut the door and walk towards the front door . the sound of splash and scream in the backyard . the sound be strange and abstract and unsettle . they get louder as she get closer to the house . kayla arrive at the front door and ring the doorbell . she turn and see dad still park on the street . she shoos he , annoyed . he wave back and drive away . the door open . dianne grave stand in the doorway , smile a bit too wide . 26 . dianne kayylaaaa ! kayla hi , Mrs. grave . dianne oh please , call I dianne . kayla okay . dianne where 's you father ? kayla he drive away . dianne mmm bummer . everyone 's out back by the pool . do you bring a swimsuit ? kayla yeah , it 's in my bag . dianne great ! come on inside and we will get you change . dianne put she hand on kayla 's back and lead she inside , close the door behind they . the foyer of the house be huge . kayla look around . it 's the large house she 's ever be in . dianne ( cont 'd ) you can put you gift right over there on the dining room table . dianne turn kayla towards the dining room and a table pile with wrap birthday present . kayla add she small gift to the huge mass , make no difference . dianne ( cont 'd ) we will open gift after cake . here , let 's find you a bathroom to change in . kayla okay . 27 . dianne lead kayla out of the dining room and down a hallway towards the back of the house . dianne open one of the many close door in the hallway . dianne you can change in here . and then the kid be just out back through the slide door just out there , okay , honey ? kayla okay . thank you , dianne . dianne no problem ! kayla walk into the bathroom and close the door . the party outside be closer and louder now . the small marble room be dark , light only by a single bright window that flicker as unseen kid run past it outside . kayla be careful to remain unseen by the party as she unpack she bag , stand close to the window 's wall , out of view . the shadow of the kid outside be project on the wall across from she in sharp , dizzying negative . the party 's loudness be intense and constant . int . kennedy house . moment later kayla walk out of the bathroom and towards the bright glow of the slide glass door . she approach the glass . stop . stare out into the backyard . ext . kennedy 's backyard . later the pool party be in full peripubescent swing . in and around the pool , a dozen girl ( 13 - 14 ) and another dozen boy ( 13 - 14 ) swim and splash and dive and yell and laugh . the boy be shirtless , the girl be in bikinis . the boy flirt with the girl in that aggressive , antagonistic way young teens do . splash they to get they attention . wrestling with they just to touch they . the girl pretend not to like it . a few boy play a overly - intense game of pool basketball in the shallow - end , show off to the few girl around they float on pool noodle . 28 . Kennedy do a perfect dive off the diving board , make a pea-size splash upon entry . a boy squirt a Super soaker at a girl run around the perimeter of the pool . it 's a hormonal frenzy . a grape soda bacchanalia . by the house , the slide glass door open and kayla make she non-entrance , wear a green one - piece swimsuit . she step out of the house and onto the stone walkway . she look at everyone . no one look back . she walk towards the shallow end of the pool . a boy , mason ( 14 , athletic ) run past she . mason Z! Z! hit I ! yo , Z , hit I ! madison jump into the pool as a basketball come whizzing towards he , which he catch and dunk in the hoop before hit the water . kayla flinch from the splash . woman 's voice ( 0o.s. ) woo! mason ! Nice one ! gina degrosso ( 40s , sunglass ) appear beside kayla , notice she . gina oooo honey do you have sunblock ? kayla huh ? no. gina you poor thing , you be gonna fry without some sunblock . here , put you arm out . kayla I can do it . gina it 's a bit cold . gina sprays sunblock onto kayla 's shoulder . kayla wince with each cold squirt . gina rub it into kayla 's arm and shoulder . kayla stand and take it , look like a 7 year - old . a few girl on the diving board notice this and laugh . gina stop . 29 . gina ( cont 'd ) there you go . kayla ( ugh ) thank you . kayla walk toward the build - in step in the pool 's shallow end . she get in the pool , step by step . first up to she ankle , then shin , thigh , waist , stomach and finally chest . the water be cold , and each step make she inhale sharply . she waddle along on she tiptoe . the water 's surface be a embarrassing and perfect measurement of height . people splash and talk all around she without acknowledge she presence . kayla doggy paddle over to a empty corner of the pool and dip down in the water up to she neck . she stay still . dianne hotdog and hamburger in 20 minute ! on the diving board , Kennedy be be bear-hugged and wrestle into the pool by tyler ( 14 , cute ) . kayla watch . kennedy Tyler ! seriously ! seriously ! seriously ! tyler ! tyler you be go in ! do not fight it ! kennedy uurghh noooo ! Tyler send Kennedy and himself into the pool in a clumsy tangle . they splash and resurface , Tyler laugh , Kennedy faux - furious . kennedy ( cont 'd ) I hate you ! oh my GOD . kayla watch - hat it , want it - she chin rest on the surface of the water . then she see something that make she forget how to breathe . aiden . he 's on the diving board . shirtless . once again , time slow and music blast as he run to the end of the board , jump and do the sexiest cannonball that kayla have ever see . a large splash . 30 . kayla watch , mouth open slightly . he resurface , swim over to the pool 's edge and pull himself out . he sit on the lip of the pool , look at someone , give they double middle finger . incredibly cool . kayla watch he , then : bwuhhhhh - a small , wiry boy emerge from the water directly beside kayla , wear a wet t-shirt and a large pair of clunky scuba goggle . he cough up water and gasp . this be gabe ( 12 ) and he be out of breath . gabe all the way . do it all the way . kayla what ? gabe swam all the way across the pool underwater . kayla oh cool . gabe could have go further if I want . gabe catch he breath . breathe through he nose and fogging up he giant goggle . gabe ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? kayla kayla . gabe cool , I be gabe - wanna see I do a handstand ? kayla okay . gabe duck underwater . a second later , he leg shoot up from the water , splash kayla . they flail clumsily , fall over , and he resurface , cough and catch he breath again . gabe too many people in the pool . can not do it for long if the water be not still . how do you know Kennedy ? kayla um ...we go to school together . 31 . gabe cool . she 's my cousin . I be gonna try again -- he dip back down . leg back up , splash kayla . he last a second longer , resurface . gabe ( cont 'd ) Water 's not calm enough . how old be you ? kayla thirteen . gabe cool . I be twelve . want to doa breath hold contest ? kayla sure . gabe cool . one , two , three - gabe take a giant breath and go underwater . kayla , a bit behind , plug she nose , close she eye and do the same . underwater -- kayla use she free hand to paddle and keep herself submerge . after ten second , kayla resurface , panting . she wipe the water off she face and look over at gabe . he 's float face down in the water , perfectly still , like a drown corpse . just as kayla be get concerned , he resurface , panting . gabe ( cont 'd ) I win . the trick be to waste as little energy as possible . when you move , you body use oxygen and then you will not be able to hold you breath as long . kayla that make sense . dianne picture time ! dianne stand by the pool 's edge with a digital camera . kennedy mommmm ! 32 . dianne oh hush . Girls first ! girl ! all girl by the diving board ! the girl group by the board . kayla watch . gabe ( to kayla ) she say all the girl by the diving board . kayla right . kayla climb out of the pool and walk over to the girl . they be already pose together - hand on hip , peace sign , arm around each other . kayla stand in the back , block . dianne make sure we can see everyone . kayla ! kayla ! up front , honey , can not see you . kayla awkwardly make she way to the front of the group . a few girl give she weird look . dianne ( cont 'd ) that 's it . the girl all pose in a tangle , wet mass - except for kayla , who crouch awkwardly up front . dianne ( cont 'd ) smile ! ( take picture ) perfect . kennedy can we get one of just the squad ? dianne sure ! okay , squad member only for this one . kayla and only kayla shuffles out of the group . dianne ( cont 'd ) great ! smile ! the girl pose . they look like weird , wet duck . 33 . ext . kennedy 's backyard . later everyone be sit around a patio table , watch Kennedy open she present . kayla look on , wrap in a towel , shiver , stand just outside the group . Kennedy open a box . kennedy yessssss . it 's a yellow tank top . kennedy ( cont 'd ) oh my god , so cute . steph I know you have one like it . kennedy not in this color . steph that 's what I be think . kayla sneak a look at aiden , who be sit in a chair , bored , towel hang around he neck . he look over at kayla and she immediately look away . dianne bring over a small square box . dianne this one be from kayyyyla . Kennedy look up and give kayla a half -smile . kayla give she a full smile and a little wave . Kennedy open the box , revealing a small , card - base board game . kennedy -.- what be it ?. kayla it 's a game , it 's really fun . you , you um , you take turn - like everyone get ten card and then you take turn do - you will see . it 's like go Fish but funner ... kennedy +-.cool . the other girl contain they laughter . Kennedy put the box aside . kayla shrink . 34 . dianne okay , next be Julia -- man ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) ha-ppy birth-day ... dianne mike , no , mike - kennedy daddd ! no , it 's not time yet . mr . grave ( 40s ) enter frame carry a very expensive cake . mr . grave okay , Jesus Christ , I 'il wait . kennedy dianne oh my GOD . oh Mike , Mike , Mike . * mr. grave I picked this thing up at 8 in the goddamn morning -— int . kennedy 's house . live room . later . drift through the live room , where the girl and boy be take turn play a karaoke video game . continue past they , down a hallway and into the live room , where kayla be sit alone on a chair by the window , talk on the phone , quietly . kayla ( whisper ) yes ... yes , please just come . the party 's over , it end early .... I do not know it just do , can you please come pick I up please ? kayla ( cont 'd ) ... dad ... ohmygod everyone 's leave , I be like the last person here ... I be not whisper , it 's just bad service here who care please just come ... that 's too long . why can not you come quick ?... ughh . okay whatever , fine , just come please . and do not come inside just text I when you be close ... thanks . okay ... thanks I say , I say thanks ...okay ... love you too bye . 35 . kayla hang up . huff . look down at she phone . on her phone 's screen : still violently crack , kayla open twitter and begin scrolling through she feed . scroll down , down , down - ouch ! kayla wince , look at she thumb . a tiny drop of blood . she cut herself on the crack glass of she phone . kayla put the tiny cut to she mouth . then : aiden ( 0.s. ) oh sorry . kayla turn , freeze . it 's him . kayla .-- no. aiden I just gotta ... aiden walk towards she , purposefully , cup with a crazy straw stick in it . he she and bend down on one knee . kayla wh - .... he reach under she chair . sip soda from a stop directly beside aiden be just grab my phone . have to charge it . kayla ( force ) oh , hahahah . yeah . my phone , um .... my phone run out of battery sometimes too . aiden cool . aiden be pretty dull . kayla do not notice / care . he get up . aiden ( cont 'd ) everyone 's in there , you know . kayla be they ? oh yeah , yeah , I be just um .... yeah , I be go in there in a second . 36 . aiden okay . aiden leave . kayla catch she breath . she notice something on the floor where aiden knelt down -- he soda and crazy straw . kayla make sure no one be watch , and then quickly grab the straw and stick it in she back pocket . kayla ( v.0 . ) hey guy ! it 's kayla ! back with another video . today I want to talk about - put yourself out there . she get up and walk toward the family room . int . kennedy house . family room —- continuous the kid be pile on couch and chair , watch Z ( 13 , a big boy ) who be stand and sing into a cheap microphone in front of a giant flat - screen tv display a karaoke video game . Z be ham it up . the other watch , laugh . the scene look raucous and loud , but we hear none of it . instead , we hear kayla 's speech to she webcam and the quiet of the bedroom in which it be be deliver . kayla enter the family room . stop in the doorway . kayla ( v.o. ) okay , so , like , '' put yourself out there '' . what do that mean ? like , put yourself out there ? where 's there ? okay , this be all good question but they be also bad question . kayla inch towards the couch , stand behind it , force a smile . kayla ( v.o. ) Cause it 's really about put yourself out anywhere . it do not matter , like , where you do it , you just have to do it . just put yourself out there . just go for it . kayla try lean on the couch . tries a few different position . kayla ( v.o. ) now put yourself out there can be really scary . ( more ) 37 . kayla ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so if you be scared to put yourself out there , like , do not worry cause that 's normal and lot of people feel that way . Z hit he final note , arm out like a diva . the kid laugh and applaud . kayla do too . Z turn and hold out the microphone , say '' who 's next ? who want it ? '' . kayla ( v.o. ) I use to be scared but then I put myself out there and now I do it all the time . kayla look around , then at Z . she clenches she jaw , then raise she hand . Z notice and wave she over . kayla slowly walk towards he . kayla ( v.o. ) and the first time you put yourself out there be always the hardest . kayla take the microphone from Z . she stand in the middle of the large , crowded semi-circle of kid in the family room . she have zero stage presence . kayla ( v.0 . ) but once you do it , you will be really glad that you do . I promise . kayla look up at the tv . the song start . she begin to sing quietly . not move . stealing glance at the kid around she . they watch , bored . kayla ( v.o. ) so , like , next time you get the chance to like play a game or sit at a new lunch table , or like , I do not know , go skydiving or something , you should do it . kayla start to sway back and forth as she sing , pick up steam . kayla ( v.o. ) but once you put yourself out there , thing be not gonna change right away . kayla start get more into it . a few hand gesture . 38 . nothing major . she close she eye . kayla ( v.o . ) think of put yourself out there like a little snowball or something . like you put the little snowball up on a hill , you put it out there , and then it 'il roll down the hill and get bigger and bigger and bigger . kayla sing and look around , kid be nodd and start to smile politely . in the corner , gabe watch , smile huge . kayla finally see he face without that big goggle on . he be cute like she . he give she a very real and enthusiastic double thumb up . kayla ( v.o . ) the first time I put myself out there , like , nothing really change at first . but then I just keep do it and do it and do it . kayla keep sing , look at aiden , who be texting on the couch . kayla ( v.o . ) and now I have ton of friend who really like I and I put myself out there all the time . kayla close she eye and hit she big final note . kayla ( v.o. ) so be brave . put yourself out there . it 's the best . the song end . she look around . Light , unenthusiastic applause from she peer . nothing major . but for kayla , it 's a huge win . she look around and smile , still hold the microphone . int . kayla 's bedroom . that night . kayla be at she desk , speak to she webcam in the same clothes that she be just sing in . kayla as always , if you like this video , please share it with you friend and subscribe to my channel . thanks for watch ! byeee ! 39 . she hit spacebar on the computer and exhales - happy . she minimize she webcam 's application and open she internet browser - it be display she youtube channel homepage . the head read : kayla 's korner : advice for people like I . thumbnail from a dozen of she 156 video . titles include : '' kayla korner : be yourself '' , '' kayla 's korner : flirt '' , '' kayla 's korner : deal with Parents '' , '' kayla 's korner : cool vs. weird '' . every video have less than 20 view . kayla click the upload button in the upper right hand corner of the screen . she smile . music start . begin sequence : int . kayla 's bathroom . kayla pace back and forth , steal look at herself in the mirror . her face twisted into what many recognize as '' I just smell something awful '' but what kayla recognize as '' I be cool and I be confident and I do not care . '' she have fake conversation with unseen people . kayla ( quiet , almost mumble ) what ? oh hey .... what 's you name again ? -- cool .... yeah I would be up for that .... oh heyyyy ... yeah . totally . hahaha ! ext . kayla 's backyard . around the same time kayla take selfies in different location . smiling against a tree . laying in the grass . build in intensity as we CUT between : - talk in the bathroom , continue to practice future conversation : 40 . kayla who tell you that ?... someone say that ? whoa .... yeah , totally hahaha ... it be great .... it. be . great .... it be so much fun .... it be the best ........ - more selfies outside . - kayla in the bathroom . she lean against the counter , change gear , make flirty eye . she stare at someone who be not there . kayla ( cont 'd ) ( so flirty ) nope ........ noooo ..... thanks ....... ..- what ?...... sure ...... Blue she reach into she back pocket . take out aiden 's crazy straw . kayla ( cont 'd ) -..- I can not believe this ..... wow ... she bring the straw up to she face . kayla ( cont 'd ) wee eee I love you too ..... kayla close she eye , and pop the straw in she mouth . - back in she bedroom , in the clothes she be take selfies , in . she 's on she phone . she open she twitter profile page . click on she profile picture : a photo of she with she face , barely visible . she click on a small icon on the photo 's lower leave hand corner : change profile picture . she select recent iphone photo upload from the menu . choose one the picture she just take - she in she backyard , smile and look directly into camera . she click upload and be bring back to she profile , complete she new picture . she stare at the screen . smile . end of sequence . 41 . int . cafeteria . later kayla sit by herself in the crowded cafeteria , she brown bag lunch beside she . she be write in a large school notebook , hunch over it , she face six inch from the paper . she have bisect the paper with a vertical line . on the top of the leave side : thing I want . on the top of the right : how to get they . the list have be fill out on both side - with five or six bullet of '' how 's for each corresponding '' thing . '' on the leave : more confidence . to the right of that : do not slouch . smile more . speak louder . on the leave : more friend . on the right : make small talk . be nice . more nice comment on people fb/ instagram . dress cooler . on the leave : a best friend . on the right : get more friend first . pick favorite one . be there for she no matter what . on the leave : boyfriend ( aiden ? ) . on the right , kayla fill in the solution : flirt . be sexy . new clothes . haircut ?? play it cool . the sound of girl giggle and kayla look up , see someone and quickly grab a binder out of she backpack . tucked in the inside pocket of the binder , be a neatly fold piece of paper with '' kennedy '' write on the outside . kayla snatch the letter and get up from she table and approach the giggle Kennedy and she friend steph . kayla Kennedy , hey . they turn . kennedy hey ...? kayla hi , thanks for let I come to you pool party . kennedy no problem . kayla I write you a little letter thing just thanking you for invite I . 42 . she hand it to Kennedy , who take it , weird out . kayla ( cont 'd ) I have a ton of fun . you house be really cool . kennedy thanks ... kayla hey steph . steph what ? kayla ...if ... if ever need another person to swim with ... or like if you um ... if you -- kennedy yeah , sure . sound good . kayla great ! great see you guy ! have a great day ! kennedy cool . they turn and leave . kayla walk back to she table , smile . then , we hear three loud gunshot . int . school hallway . morning . a large man , a shooter , wear a kevlar vest and a balaklava , gas cannister attach to a military belt , hold a large black automatic rifle , stroll down a empty hallway . firing shot ahead of he . the shot crack and echo . gack ! gack ! gack ! he step over a down body ( 13 ) and continue down the hallway . gack ! gack ! a brave boy ( 12 ) come charge out of the boy 's bathroom towards the shooter . brave boy oh my god ! a school shooter ! 43 . the shooter easily pick he off - gack ! gack ! gack ! he flop dramatically to the ground , '' dead '' . at the end of the hallway , dozen of eighth - grade student lean against the locker , create a gauntlet for the shooter to walk through . the student watch he , some bored , some rivete . they be not scared . the shooter remove he balaklava , he be officer todd ( 5as ) . he speak to the student . officer todd okay ! let 's give a big hand to we volunteer from the drama club . the student lightly applaud as the dead body , spatter with fake blood , get up and dust themselves off and bow . kayla be lean against a locker amongst she peer , watch Officer Todd . officer todd ( cont ’d ) now kid , we have go over what you should do if you hear gunshot in the distance . and what be we suppose to do in that situation ? student ( unison ) run in the opposite direction . kayla mouth along , as she attention shift from Officer Todd to someone else : it 's aiden , across the hallway , look impossibly bored , bang the back of he head slowly against the locker behind he . kayla watch he . a girl beside she , dylan ( 13 ) , bullet wound in the center of she forehead , notice . dylan you stare at aiden ? kayla ( embarrassed ) what ? dylan he 's a dick . he dumped chelsea because she would not send he naked picture . kayla wh - ...really ? that 's weird . 44 , as Officer Todd continue to speak , we switch between aiden , be a bored brat , and kayla , watch he , strain to figure out she mysterious , sexy classmate . officer todd ( 0.s. ) good . but now we be gonna learn about what should be do when the gunshot be close . when the shooter be just down the hallway or just outside you classroom . what you just see be a example of what not to do . if the shot be loud and close and you be ina classroom or bathroom , you be to stay put . turn off the light . find cover . stay calm . and , if possible , barricade the entrance . aiden have begin try to blow spit bubbles . kayla stare at he , bite she nail . officer todd ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) if you be within range of the shooter , if you be in the same hallway as the shooter , you be to run away as fast as you can . if you be be shot at or feel as if you could be be shot at , you should run away in a zig - zag pattern . this will make you a harder target to hit . attack or rush the shooter will not work . negotiate or plead with the shooter will not work . if someone have enter you school with a gun , you be to assume that he or she cannot be reasoned with . if other have be wounded , lie down and stay perfectly still can work . this will protect you vital organ and the shooter may mistake you for one of the dead . but if you can run , run . do not be a hero . save yourself . be you own hero and save yourself . kayla stare at aiden . int . classroom . later the student sit at they desk . mr. dankert ( 30 , quiet ) stand at the front of the classroom . they be all wait for something . a announcement on the intercom : 45 . older woman' voice ( intercom ) coach red to the main office . coach red to the main office , please . mr . dankert alright , guy , that 's the signal . he turn off the light . all the student take cover under they desk . mr . dankert ( cont 'd ) okay , everyone please be respectful of the drill and stay quiet . should only be a few minute . Mr. dankert climb under he desk . in the back , kayla be crouch under hers . across the room , she see aiden , under he desk , play a game on he phone . she make a decision and slowly crawl towards he . she pass other student who give she weird look as she crawl on all four across the classroom . she arrive at aiden . she whisper . kayla hey . he look over at she , do not care , go back to he phone . aiden hey . kayla whatcha do ? aiden play a game . kayla cool ...... eeeee you excited for high school next year ? aiden yeah . should be cool . kayla yeah , totally , I be think the same thing . I think it 'il be cool , too . a silence . 46 . kayla ( cont 'd ) ( make small talk ) you think there have ever be a actual shoot here ? aiden I wish . kayla yeah , I too ........ why do you wish there be one ? aiden Cause I have fuck he up . take he gun and elbow he right in the jaw , lay he out . I would not be sit under my desk like a pussy that 's for sure . kayla yeah , you would fuck he up . totally . he have be screw . aiden yep . after a long silence , kayla take out she phone . start scrolling through it . she keep look up at aiden as she do it , see if he 's look over at she . he 's not . she pretend to see something on she phone that surprise she and she hold the phone to she chest , hide the screen . kayla whoa ...oh man , that be close . that be almost really embarrassing . she wait for aiden to ask she about what just happen , he do not . kayla ( cont 'd ) oh my god that be so funny . aiden , guess what just happen ? aiden ( do not care ) what ? kayla oh my god it 's so embarrassing , I can not even say it . aiden okay . 47 . kayla ... I open my phone to look at instagram and I accidentally open my photo section , and thank god no one be look over my shoulder , because a dirty photo I take the other night come up . aiden look up , immediately interested . this first taste of aiden 's undivide attention nearly paralyze kayla . aiden ... really ? kayla ( word barely form ) ..- yeah ... so embarrassing ... aiden what be the photo of ? kayla just ..... I . aiden look she up and down . aiden do what ? kayla just ..... hangin’ out . aiden -..- can I see it ? kayla no , cause ... that picture be for my boyfriend only . aiden who 's you boyfriend ? kayla --.um ... I do not ... I do not have one right now . but I take lot of dirty picture so that I 'il have plenty to send my boyfriend once I have one . aiden really ? kayla yeah ... 48 . aiden «+.- do you give blowjob ? kayla ..-um - the light turn on . mr . dankert okay , everyone back up . kayla look up , panicked that she 's not at she seat . kayla ( to aiden ) okay , nice talk to you . aiden yeah . kayla to answer you question , though , yes I do . I do give they and I be really good at it . aiden watch kayla scoot away , intrigue , maybe even interested . int . kayla 's bedroom . day kayla sit on she bed , cross-legged . her laptop in front of she . she have a small , plastic bag of cheez - its . on the screen - Google 's homepage . kayla type in the search bar : '' how to give a blowjob '' . she pause . add a word : '' how to give a great blowjob . '' she hit enter and be bring to the result page . a list of helpful article : '' blow like a pro : 5 way to suck it like a pornstar . '' '' ehow : the INS and out of the blowjob . '' '' the art of head : learn how to please he . '' kayla scan . Rather than click on one of the link , she click on the Google 's video tab and be bring to the video result page . the first link be to a video entitle , '' blowjob tip from professional BJ artist lexxi maze . '' kayla click on the link and be bring to the porn site . a large triangular play button be superimpose over a screenshot of lexxi maze ( " 18 " ) . 49 , kayla click the play button and the video start . lexxi sit on a well - light couch and speak to camera . lexxi maze heyyy guy , I be lexxi maze and I be here to teach you guy how to give a really good blowjob . okay ... so first thing you be gonna want to do be get it wet -- kayla wince , turn down the volume on she laptop . lexxi 's voice be hear , quieter now . lexxi maze ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) a dry blowjob be a bad blow job . so make sure you be well hydrate before you start . even the low volume be too much . kayla reach over to she desk , grab she earbud , and plug they into the computer . lexxi 's voice stop . now we hear just a vague buzzing from the earbud as kayla put they in she ear and listen . kayla watch the screen intensely as lexxi say and do God know what . we do not see the screen or hear lexxi . we just watch kayla as she nibble on cheez - its and try to take everything in . kayla wince . squint . she stop eat she cheez - its . can not even chew they . kayla clenches she jaw . cover part of the screen with she hand . look away , look back . this be way too much . kayla shut she laptop . take she earbud out . stare straight ahead . the room be quiet . int . kitchen . moment later kayla stand at the refrigerator . she open the freezer , look around , move a few thing . nothing . she try the fridge . open a few drawer . nothing . she slowly turn toward the kitchen counter . there , in a large wooden bowl , atop half a dozen red delicious apple , be a bunch of bananas . 50 . kayla walk toward they like a nervous bride . she pick up the entire bunch . look at it . look at each of the five bananas . pick one , yank it from the bunch , and return the rest to the bowl . kayla lean against the counter . she grip the banana and hold it a foot away from she face , point it at she mouth like a microphone ( stem down ) . she stare at it . she stare hard . it be yellow and brown and weird -look . she close she eye and just as she open she mouth : the front door open and dad enter - wear work boot and jeans spatter with white paint . kayla jump and lower the banana ( still hold it ) . act casual . dad hey . sorry , do not mean to scare ya . kayla you do not . dad whatcha up to ? kayla nothing . dad cool. School be good ? kayla yeah . dad good . I run into uh ...... be that a banana ? kayla ( too quick ) what ? dad you have a banana ? kayla oh , yeah , I be just grab a banana . dad I think you hate bananas . 51 . kayla .-- no. dad Cause I swear like a month ago I ask you if you want a banana and then you get all mad because you say that you hate bananas and I always forget that you hate bananas . I actually think I write a note for it on my app thing so I would not forget . dad take out he iphone and play with it . dad ( cont 'd ) .-- it 's ... it should be like ... yeah , here , look -- he hold up he phone , show the note he write . dad ( cont 'd ) '' kayla hate bananas . '' I write it down . kayla well I do not hate they anymore . dad that 's great . yeah , you always gotta check to see if you still hate stuff . kayla mhmm ... a silence with only one solution . kayla grab a hold of the stem and peel the banana . dad watch she , smile . kayla do she best not to react to that smell she hate so much . kayla slowly bring the peel banana to she mouth . she close she eye and open she mouth . the banana go in . she bite , chew , try not to gag , tear welling in she eye . dad you sure you like they ? kayla close she eye . tries to swallow . can not. dad ( cont 'd ) you really do not seem to be enjoy that . more chew . tries to swallow again . gags. 52 . dad ( cont 'd ) honey , you do not look like -- kayla spit out the banana . kayla fine ! I don ’t like bananas . happy ?! she throw the banana at she father . it hit he in the chest . he be too confuse to flinch . kayla storm out of the kitchen and into she room , slamm the door shut . dad ( to himself ) +-+- mo clue ... int . kayla 's bedroom . later that night . kayla lie on she bed , she laptop open on she chest . she type into Google : thing that be shape like bananas . her phone buzze . a notification : one new instagram message . it 's gabe . he 's write : hey kayla ! she respond : hey ! gabe : thanks for exepting my friend request . kayla : no prob ! gabe : it 's gab from kennedy 's pool party . gabe : gabe I mean . kayla : yea i know . how be u ? gabe : i be good . u? kayla : I too . gabe : cool . when gabe type , kayla can see via a message in the chatbox say , '' gabe be typing ... '' he type . stop . type again . stop . his next think be go through a few draft . a knock on the door . kayla close she laptop . 53 . kayla yeah ? the door open . dad poke he head in . dad hey . kayla hi. dad how ya doin ? kayla good . dad good ...me too ... kayla dad so you get the high school thing tomorrow right ? the shadow thing ? kayla yeah . dad that 's cool . that 'il be fun . kayla yeah . dad cool ...ca not wait to hear about it . kayla yeah . dad .-- alright , well good night , I love you , do not stay up too late . kayla just so you know , you do not have to ... I be not mad , I be just say you do not have to worry about I anymore cause I be actually do really good and my life be really amazing . dad ... that 's awesome . that 's great . kayla yeah ... okay , goodnight . dad night . Love you . kayla Love you too . dad close the door . kayla sit in the dark . do not move . after a long silence , she close she eye and whisper into the dead air : kayla ( cont 'd ) dear god. tomorrow be a really important day for I and it would really mean a lot if you could make it a good day . I know everyday can not be a good day but if tomorrow could be a good one I would really appreciate it . even if , like , I have to have a bunch of bad day sometime in the future , I 'il take that if it mean that tomorrow can be a really , really good day . that 's all . thank you . Love , kayla . kayla sit in the dark . then open she laptop again . the light be sudden and intense . she do not react . ext / int . bus . mile grove high morning a bus-load of eighth grader park outside mile grove high . the kid talk and laugh and goof around . kayla sit against one of the window toward the back of the bus . she be attentive , quiet , nervous , ready for something . Mr. mcdaniel stand at the front of the bus , no one pay attention to he - except for kayla , who sit up straight and listen very carefully . mr . mcdaniel settle down ! settle ! okay , you be all here as part of the High School shadow Program ... we be go to all walk in as a group , then you will be individually pair with one of the student from mile Grove High . ( more ) 55 . mr . mcdaniel ( cont ’d ) you will stay with that one person for the entire school day . you be not , I repeat , not to leave they side . this student volunteer and be here to help you and guide you through a day of high school . some of you will be pair with freshmen , other will be pair with sophomore or junior . so please be respectful and take it all in . this should be a learn experience . in the back , kayla be listen , nodd . mr . mcdaniel ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) this be you chance to get a glimpse of what life will be like for you next year . so pay attention . kayla listen to this intensely , psyching herself up . mr . mcdaniel ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) and have fun . int . mile grove high school - hallway . later the hallway be crowded with high school kid . they be bigger . older . they talk and move and load thing in and out of locker . then , from within the chaos , a line of middle schooler , move slowly down the middle of the hallway , bisect the crowd . the middle schooler move in single file - and each middle schooler have he or she right arm attach to the right shoulder of the person in front of he or she . they march , like prisoner through the gauntlet of the older kid . and somewhere in the line be kayla , she eye scan everything around she . int . high school - study room . later kayla sit as various high school student pair off with kayla 's classmate . she scan the crowd for she potential shadow . a big weird kid ( 16 ) walk towards kayla , kayla see he , freeze , horrify . girl 's voice ( 0.s. ) kayla ? 56 . kayla turn to see olivia ( 16 ) . kayla be immediately nervous to impress she . kayla hey . olivia I be olivia . kayla ( so excited ) hey . olivia ( laugh ) ohmygod you be so cute . kayla hahaha th--... thanks ! olivia ready ? kayla yeah , yeah , definitely . int . high school - hallway . moment later kayla walk as close to olivia as possible . olivia so , you excited to be a freshman ? kayla totally , yeah . some boy ( 17 ) pass . some boy yo liv - Martin get it . olivia shut up . some boy I be serious . olivia oh my god . olivia laugh as the boy laugh and pass . kayla laugh too . bab ( 16 ) 57 . kayla what be that ? olivia stupid inside joke . kayla oh cool . olivia so I have like two study period today , which be sweet cause we will not be , like , sit in boring ass class all day -- olivia ( cont 'd ) ( call to someone ) babs ! babs , do you do the thing for kiley 's class ? stand by she locker . bab fuck no . olivia thank god . olivia and kayla keep walk . kayla look at olivia , in complete awe of she . olivia have everything that kayla could possibly want . olivia ( cont 'd ) feel free to ask I any question . kayla okay , cool . um ...how do uh ... or um , why be ... olivia if you do not have a question yet , it 's fine . kayla okay . olivia ( laugh ) ohmygod you be literally the cutest . I think we be best friend . be it okay if we be already best friend ? 58 . kayla hahah ! yeah , yeah , totally . they continue down the hall , kayla unable to wipe the smile off she face . kayla ( v.0 . ) hey guy ! it 's kayla , back with another video . so today I want to talk about - growing . up . int . high school - classroom . later . kayla sit at a small desk in the back of a crowded classroom . she be half the size of every other kid . all the student look forward , stare bored at a unseen teacher . kayla look all around she , smile , so happy to be here . kayla ( v.o . ) okay , so grow up can be a little bit scary and weird but it 's also really good because you get to change thing that you might not like about yourself and that 's good because change be a good thing . int . high school dance studio . later . kayla sit against the wall of the studio . we pull back to reveal the dance class that kayla be observe . she smile , truly happy . kayla ( v.o . ) okay , so I be a eighth grader which mean next year I will be in high school . now high school be a lot different than middle school because middle school be , like , really , um , like , well , in middle school everyone be a lot young than high schooler and when you be young , you have not change as much as when you be older . ext . high school amphitheater . later . kayla sit and eat lunch with olivia who be chat and laugh with she friend aniyah . kayla watch , smile , in awe . 59 . kayla ( v.o. ) so , yeah , high schooler have change more than middle schooler and since change be a good thing that mean that high schooler be really good . okay - next thing about grow up. um ...yeah , okay so ... int . high school foyer . later . olivia and kayla stand by the trophy case , exchange number in each other 's phone . they hug , say goodbye , and kayla walk out of the high school and into the dizzying rush of high schooler leave school for the day . kayla ( v.o. ) ..- yeah , okay , so the thing about grow up be that it 's go to happen . so don ’t fight it . some part of grow up will be hard and not good but I promise that grow up will eventually get really good . I use to be afraid of grow up but then I realize that it 's go to make everything better and now I can not wait to grow up . kayla look around , take everything in , smile . int . kayla 's bedroom . later that day . kayla speak to she webcam . kayla cool. okay . if you like this video please share it and subscribe to my channel . thanks for watch ! byeee ! kayla hit the spacebar to stop the recording . she take she phone out of she pocket and unlock it . go to she contact list . scroll through the few name she have , down to a contact name : olivia high school . she open the contact . it 's a phone number . she stare at the screen . 60 . kayla ( cont 'd ) ( practice ) hey , olivia !.... hey , olivia , it 's kayla , just checkin’ in !... hey , olivia , it 's kayla , just want to call and say thank you for today I have a ton of fun .... kayla take a deep breath . press the number , hold the phone up to she ear . wait . it ring . once. twice . he answer . olivia on phone hello ? kayla hey ... int . kayla 's bedroom . later . kayla pace the length of she room , earbud headphone in . she 's hold the small microphone attach to one of the two headphone 's wire up to she mouth . kayla yeah , yeah , totally . olivia ( 0.s. ) ( voice distort through headphone ) it 's like , honestly , like screw that girl , they be just try so hard to be cool . kayla hahaha , yeah , totally . olivia I mean it , kayla , do not stress about that stuff . kayla thanks . I will not . olivia eighth grade be the worst . it 's the . worst . I be a complete mess when I when be you age . kayla really ?? 61 . olivia oh my god , yes . kayla haha , wow ...hey , I just want to say thank you so much for talk to I . I be not sure if call you would be weird . olivia ohmygod not weird at all , anytime kayla , I give you my number , this be what it 's for . kayla hahaha thanks . it 's really nice to just be able to talk to someone that 's older and cool and stuff . olivia well I do not know how cool I be . olivia laugh , kayla do not . kayla ( not get it ) I actually think you be prettty cool ( then ) I actually do not have a ton of friend at school , cause everyone 's stupid like you say , so it 's really cool that you be be nice to I cause you be really cool hahaha . olivia I make all of my close friend in high school . all that 's stuff gonna happen for you . kayla hahaha thanks . olivia kayla 62. olivia hey , I do not know if you be around or allow or whatever , but I and some friend be head to the mall to just hang if you feel like you wanna come . kayla kayla stop , hang up the phone , rip she earbud out , and freak - do little hop , exhaling , breathe heavy . so excited . kayla ( cont 'd ) ohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygod . she take a deep breath , try to quickly calm herself . she pick up she phone off the bed , unplug the earbud , dial , hold the phone to she ear , close she eye and wait . kayla ( cont 'd ) ....- hey ! sorry about that , I have bad service at my house . I have love to hang out if that 's still - ... great , cool .... cool ... cool , yeah , cool . okay , cool , great . see you then !... okay ... you too -- I mean , I too hahaha . yeah , cool . okay ! bye ! kayla hang up , sit on she bed . she smile . int . kayla 's house - kitchen . later dad wash dish in the sink . kayla watch he , unseen , get ready to approach . she take a deep breath and step forward . kayla dad ? dad turn . dad yeah ? what 's up ? something wrong ? kayla .-..- can I go out with my friend tonight ? 63 . dad stare at she . turn off the sink . turn back towards she . stare . not sure how to proceed . dad ... it 's a Tuesday . kayla I know . dad --.- be it kid from school ? kayla yeah . dad do I know they ? kayla I do not know ... no ... dad kayla dad but it 's Tuesday . kayla you be always say that I need to do more stuff and not just sit around all the time and now I finally have something to do and I know it 's a school night but school 's almost over and class do not even matter anymore ... dad ... what do you want I to say , kayla ? kayla daddd . dad I be asking . I be really ask you . what should I do here ? I be happy you be make friend . kayla I already have friend , this be friend I have have for a while now . 64 . dad good , I be glad , that 's awesome . and I want you to hang out with they , kayla , I really do . it 's just , it 's Tuesday . kayla I know it 's tuesday , stop saying that . dad why be you angry at I right now ??? you ask I a question and I be just think about it , I be not even say ' no 's yet . kayla because it 's ..... you know everyone else my age just sneak out and do not ask they dad if they can do stuff but I be too scared cause I be a loser so I ask you and then this happen . dad I be glad you ask I , I want you to ask I . kayla dad go ... go hang out with you friend . kayla thank you . kayla leave . come back . kayla ( cont 'd ) can you drive I ? int . car . later . dad drive . stare ahead . kayla text on she phone , squinting as if in slight pain . on kayla 's screen , a text from olivia : we just get here xo = ) ) ) ) kayla respond : cool ! i be almost there ! 65 . contrary to she emoticon , kayla be nervous , agitate . she notice she father . go back to texting . look up again . kayla can you not look like that please ? dad wh -? what , like what ? kayla just like the way you be look . dad look at the road ? kayla you can look at the road , dad , obviously I do not mean that . just do not be so weird and quiet while you do it . dad ( get annoyed ) sorry .....-. so how be the shadow -- kayla no - it 's fine that you be be quiet . just do not be weird and quiet . Cause I look over at you and it look like you be about to drive we into a tree or something and then I get freak out and can not text my friend , so just be quiet and drive . but just do not look so weird and sad . please . dad ( gritting tooth ) ... okay . kayla text . dad look out the window and try to look happily out the window . it 's creepier than before . kayla ( not look up ) that 's worse . ext . mall . later . dad and kayla pull up to the front entrance of the mall . dad pick you up in a hour ? two ? 66 . kayla I 'il text you . dad okay , not too late ... be everything all right ? you seem a little -- kayla bye . dad ... okay , have fun . kayla leave and walk toward the mall . it 's huge . Blue the sky be get dark . int . mall - corridor . moment later . kayla walk through the mall . the light be nauseous . each store a giant terrarium . she look down at she phone . a text from olivia : we be in the food court btw kayla stop and text back : great ! walk there now . int . mall - food court . moment later a table full of friend : olivia , aniyah ( 17 ) , trevor ( 17 ) and riley ( 16 ) . they talk shit and laugh . kayla approach . nervous and smile . olivia kayla ! kayla hey . olivia jump up and hug she . olivia guy , this be kayla . she 's be my shadow and she 's suuuuper chill . this be aniyah , I think you meet aniyah today , trevor , and riley . 67 . the group hi / hey / what 's up . kayla hi. olivia be you hungry ? kayla I be fine . olivia be you sure ? we be gonna eat I think . kayla yeah , cool I can eat . int . food court . a little later the group be now mid-meal , eat shitty food court food . kayla sit beside olivia . observe . aniyah I swear to GOD . olivia ohmygod what ? nononono . trevor his foot ? aniyah no , my foot . olivia he dm have you a picture of you own feet ? aniyah yess this be what I be say . trevor he 's just try to be nice . aniyah nice ?? he 's a perrrvv . trevor you would know . 68. riley laugh . a silence . I be not . aniyah what 's funny about that , riley ? riley I do not know , just the way he say it . aniyah how do he say it ? riley why be I be yell at ? aniyah this be yell to you ? trevor be you bored , kayla ? kayla what ? trevor you look bored . kayla olivia trev. stopp . olivia ( cont 'd ) he 's kid . trevor I be not judge she , we be boring . she 's right to be bored . she 's a different generation . olivia she 's not a different generation . trevor yes she be . olivia she 's four year young than we . trevor when do you get snapchat ? what grade ? 69 . kayla fifth ? aniyah fifth grade ??? trevor see ? she 's wire different . olivia she 's not wire different . aniyah be kid like send each other nude in fifth grade ?? olivia ewww , aniyah , do not ask that . aniyah why not ?? trevor liv , do not kid four year older than we feel like twenty year older than we ?? olivia no . trevor you sister ? olivia my sister just suck . trevor whatever , but like on top of that : we have twitter in middle school and you sister do not , that make we different . olivia you be not different than we , kayla . trevor I be not say it 's a bad thing . I be just say she have a different experience than we . olivia let 's just drop this . 70 . trevor okay , Jesus Christ , it be just like a fun point . olivia trevor aniyah kayla .-- I like the filter on snapchat . they be fun . olivia I too . aniyah be stare off at to something in the distance , look weird out . aniyah okay , like , do not all look at the same time but like some creepy ass dude have be stare at we for five minute act like he 's not . I have see he pass by like four time . trevor go to turn . aniyah ( cont 'd ) don ’t . do not look obvious . in the short . riley short ? trevor yeah , I see he . Orange shirt . kayla know before she even look : dad . in the distance . try to look casual . kayla look over . dad scurries away , hope he be not see . back at the table , kayla have go white . so angry , so embarrassed . she try not to show it . 71 . kayla I .... I think I actually leave something in a store by accident . I gotta go get it . olivia okay , you want I to come with ? kayla no , thank you . kayla get up . olivia you okay ? kayla yeah , I just forget this thing , I gotta go get it . kayla rush away , head down , try to contain it all . int . mall corridor . moment later close on - a five dollar bill go into a insert bill here slot . wider reveal , kayla stand at one of that claw machine game . she stare into the pit of stuff animal . furious . wanting to cry , want to scream . the claw lower , grab onto a stuff animal , and lift , the grip too weak , the claw slide off it , the animal remain where it be . he approach . dad hey . kayla dad kayla , I be sorry . kayla do not talk to I . dad I nil lean against the wall , okay ? no one will know we be talk . 72 . dad lean against the wall beside the machine . dad have to look through the glass to see she . kayla keep stare at the game . never look up . the claw lower again . slip again . dad ( cont 'd ) I be not spying on you . kayla dad I do not mean to spy on you ... I be just ... I be sorry ... kayla dad I be just a weirdo . this be just I be weird and do weirdo stuff , I be sorry , I just .... suck . dad ee ee eee I be sorry . you have fun with you friend . the claw lower . slip . kayla dad I be sorry . text I when you want I to pick you up . kayla I nil get a ride home . dad rs okay ...... kayla dad eeeee okay , have fun . I love you . sorry . 73 . dad turn to leave , turn back . take a twenty out of he pocket . dad ( cont 'd ) here take ... she stay still , do not reach for it . dad place it in front of she on the machine . dad ( cont 'd ) have fun . dad leave . the claw lower . int . mall corridor . moment later kayla walk with a small stuff elephant in she hand . she walk toward the food court . stop . look at the elephant , then around for a place to bail it . walk over to a trash can . a mother she young daughter ( 3 ) pass . kayla make a quick decision . kayla Excuse I ? mother yes ? kayla um , I win this at the claw game and I can not keep it so do she want it ? mother that 's so nice . ( soft voice , to daughter ) wow , lulu , look it 's just like Mr. noodle . kayla hold it out . the little girl take it . mother ( cont 'd ) what do you say , lulu ? daughter thank you . 74 . kayla you be welcome . mother that 's so nice , thank you . kayla no problem . have a good night . mother you too . they walk away . kayla stand in place . she smile . begin sequence : kayla and the high school kide int . mall - various . night the group wander around the mall , do the random , aimless shit kid do : - the group try on sunglass from a kiosk . olivia put a giant pair on kayla . they both laugh . - the group walk down the corridor . kayla the shortest , smile , just so happy to be part of all this . - trevor ride one of that stupid kiddie ride , squeezing he huge frame onto it . aniyah watch , laugh and roll * she eye . kayla , olivia and riley ride on a mini carousel . * - kayla and olivia in a photobooth take picture together . - the group wander into a clothing store . tries on stuff . - they get cookie . - they smell candle . the group do all the silly , stupid thing kid do at a mall , kayla laugh and smile , olivia look out for she , make sure kayla be have a good time . and she be . end of sequence . 75 . int . riley 's car . later riley drive . olivia sit shotgun . kayla in the seat directly behind riley . just the three of they . olivia have turn in she seat to face more towards kayla . the group laugh . olivia aniyah and trev need to chilll . riley I know . it 's like I can not say anything around they . olivia they can just be .... a lot . they laugh . kayla thanks for drive I . riley no worry , we be all in the same sort of area . olivia do you have fun , kayla ? kayla yeah , totally . olivia good . I be glad . you be so easy and fun and to be around . be not she ? riley laugh . riley totally . olivia that 's what high school 's gonna be like for you , kayla , just easy , fun , screwing around . it 's all just stupid , you know ? everyone 's as stupid as you . kayla laugh . olivia ( cont 'd ) I be not say you be stupid , I just mean , you know , everyone 's dumb and you just get to be dumb together . 76 . kayla hahaha , I know what you mean . the car turn . olivia you wanna drop she off first ? riley you be right here . olivia we should get she back , it 's late . kayla it 's fine ! olivia yeah ? kayla yeah , all good . olivia okay , cool . the car stop . olivia get out of the car . olivia ( cont 'd ) this be fun ! kayla totally ! olivia let 's hang out again soon ! kayla that would be awesome ! olivia cool . okay , you be great , you be awesome , you be the best , goodnight . kayla hahaha night . olivia bye rile . riley byyyye . olivia close the door . the car pull away . just riley and kayla now . riley drive . kayla in the behind he . it 's quiet for a while . riley ( cont ’d ) olivia 's cool , yeah ? kayla totally . she 's the best . riley yeah , we be like best friend . kayla really ? riley yeah . kayla that 's awesome . riley kayla riley kind of awkward talk when you be in the back seat . kayla yeah hahaha . riley here , hold on . 77 . seat riley pull the car over on the side of the street and stop . kayla should I get in the front ? riley no , it 's all good . riley turn off the car . and get out . 78 . kayla wait , freeze in the back seat . not quite sure what be happen right now . riley enter the back seat from the passenger side and sit beside kayla . kayla smile at he , nervous , then face ahead . riley ( cont ’d ) so ... you excited about next year ? kayla yeah , totally . riley you should be . you be like the coolest freshman I have meet and you be not even a freshman yet . kayla laugh , shift . kayla thanks . riley you gotta be careful with guy , though . they 's 1ll be all over you next year . kayla ( take aback , blush ) wh - ...really ? riley oh definitely . they 's 11 all want you . kayla haha yeah right . riley I be serious . a long silence . then : riley ( cont ’d ) Truth or dare ? kayla what ? riley Truth or dare ? you play Truth or dare before ? 79 . kayla ... yeah . riley Truth or dare ? kayla um ...... truth . riley okayyy .-....- uhhhh .... how far have you go ? kayla ..- how far have I go ? riley yeah , like ... first base , second base -- kayla oh yeah , totally , I know , I be just think ... try to remember ... like recently or all time ? riley all time . kayla hm ..... probably .... third ? riley whoa . kayla you know what actually just second I think , I get confuse and mix second and third up sometimes haha . riley ..- you be funny ... it 's okay if you have not do anything . kayla .... yeah .... riley wanna ask I ? kayla okay ... how far have you go ? 80. riley no , Truth or dare ? kayla oh ha ha , yeah , durrr , um , Truth or dare ? riley dare . kayla okay ....um .... kayla look around , try to think of something . she bend down , pick up something . kayla ( cont 'd ) put this quarter in you mouth . riley ew !! kayla ( panicked ) sorry , you do not have to , what do you want to do ? riley ( pretend to think ) um .... I do not know ... I could take off my shirt ? be that stupid ? kayla ( forget to breathe ) seca no . riley take off he shirt . kayla blushes hard . tries not to look . heart pound out of she chest . riley Truth or dare ? kayla weneee Truth . riley aw you be no fun . kayla ee eee okay .... dare .... a long silence . the worst . 81. riley take you shirt off . kayla um ... I be not really comfortable with that . riley do you think I be comfortable right now ? kayla heh-uh ... riley just relaxxx , take a deep breath , it 's fine , come on , take you shirt off . he touch she shoulder . she explode . kayla no . ( then , tiny ) sorry . riley back off . kayla freeze . after a moment . riley put he shirt back on . int . riley 's car . later riley drive , stare straight ahead . kayla sit behind he , head down . the mood have shift . a long , tense silence . kayla I be really sorry . riley it 's fine . kayla wecce I be sorry . riley it 's fine . kayla shut up , scared . riley regains he composure . riley ( cont 'd ) it 's just ... look this be about you . I be try to help you . 82 . kayla I know , I be sorry . riley ( angry ) stop say you be sorry . I say it be fine so stop say that , okay ? kayla okay . riley I be try to help you . I - .... and now you be gonna have you first hookup with some asshole at a party next year and you be not gonna be good at it and he 's gonna tell all he friend about it and you be gonna get make fun of and feel like shit . do you want that ? kayla no. riley I do not need this . you do . I be on the other side , already . I hook up all the time . I know what I be do . kayla I know -- riley but I think to myself , you know what , this kayla be a good girl and she need to be look out for ... so I be gonna do she a favor . I be gonna let she hook up with I and I be gonna let she make mistake and I be not gonna judge she if she 's not good at it . I be just gonna be there for she and I be gonna give she tip and I be gonna help she get good at hook up with guy . kayla I know ... I really appreciate it . really . I know you be just try to help I . it 's just ... I do not know ... I be sor --... I just do not want to do it ... it be just a lot all at once . 83 . riley shake he head . riley I try to help . kayla I know . riley but you do not want help . kayla I do . I really do . riley no you do not . they drive in silence . tear well in kayla 's eye . kayla please do not tell you olivia about this . riley I will not . kayla thank you . ext . STREET . moment later riley 's car pull up on kayla 's street corner . kayla goodnight . kayla close the door and the car drive away . kayla begin walk down the street , fist and body clench , breathe through she nose . we get close and follow she as she walk down the dark suburban street back , move quickly , tense and pain . int . kayla 's house . later . kayla walk through the front door , move quickly through the house towards she room . int . kayla 's room . continous . kayla enter she room , close the door , and finally let go . 84 . she collapse onto the floor by she bed , sobbing into she hand . it be loud and heavy . her body shake . dad ( 0.s. ) honey ? dad enter the bedroom and rush over to kayla . dad ( cont 'd ) kayla , what 's wrong ?? what happen ? he kneel on the ground beside she - rub she back . he drop off he knee so that he be sit on the ground with she , hold she while she cry . dad ( cont 'd ) Jesus , sweetheart , what happen ?... honey , honey , what happen ? God , ff - , kayla . be you okay ? you can tell I ... kayla what 's wrong ?... oh sweetheart , it 's fine , it 's okay ... it 's okay ... I be here , I be here , I be right here , I be right here , I be right here . dad hug she . she do not hug he back . she have she knee up to she chest , she arm wrap around she knee , she eye shut tight , try to collapse herself to a single point . CUT to black : kayla ( v.o. ) hey guy , it 's kayla . her voice be quiet and unaffected , she usual energy go . she speak slowly , think out loud . int . kayla 's house - bathroom . the next morning kayla , stand in front of the mirror , cover she face in concealer . apply eyeliner . her eye be puffy from cry all night . kayla ( v.o. ) so ... I be make this video to say that I do not think I be gonna be make anymore video for a while , I think . ( more ) kayla ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know if anyone be even watch or care , but if you be I just want you to know that I be gonna take a break from video for a while and I be sorry if that 's a bummer for you but I think it 's the right thing to do . int . mile grove middle school - classroom . later . it 's before class have start , kid chat , lean towards each other in they small desk chair . kayla sit in the middle of this , talk to no one . Zoning out . kayla ( v.o. ) I start make video , um , I start make video so I could give , like , advice and stuff and give you guy tip on what to do to make you life better or whatever but , um ... I do not know , it 's - ... int . mile grove cafeteria . later . kayla sit by herself , eat a sandwich . no list-make . no look around she for kid to potentially approach . she 's as quiet as we have ever see she but , for the first time , resign to be so . kayla ( v.o. ) if I be be really , totally honest , I be probably not the best person to give advice cause , I do not know , I mean I like give advice and it 's fun to give advice but ... I do not know ... I guess I do not really know how to do a lot of stuff . I know how to talk about stuff , but I be not really good at do stuff . int . kayla 's house bathroom . later kayla sit in a stall on the toilet , browsing she phone , pants on , just want some privacy . kayla and I be ... I be really nervous ..- like , all the time , like ... for no reason . ( more ) 86 . kayla ( cont 'd ) like I 'il be nervous even when there 's nothing to be nervous about really . like ... it 's sort of like when you wait in line for a roller coaster and you have that nervous stomach , like I feel like that all the time , like every day , and I do not ever get that feel you get after you ride the roller coaster when you feel better . it 's just like I be wait in the line all the time . and I try really hard not feel like that but , I do not know , I just can not . int . mile grove middle school hallway . later . kayla walk down the hallway , she backpack on , hand on either strap by she shoulder , she eye somewhere on the floor in front of she . kayla ( v.o. ) and so like if you guy be go through tough time , or whatever , you deserve somebody who know how to get through tough time , you know ? like you deserve someone who 's good at make themselves feel better , cause then maybe they can help you feel better . kayla turn a corner and continue down the hallway and away from we . on a nearby wall be a bulletin board display the eighth grade class superlative . kayla ( v.o. ) so yeah , that be , um , some of the reason I be gonna take break from video for a while . thanks for watch and I hope you all have good life . i’1l see you around , maybe . bye . among the dozen or so picture be the one for most quiet . it show a strange boy with he finger to he lip . he be shushing the tiny girl beside he , who be hunch over a book , she face barely visible . int . kayla 's bedroom . that night . kayla lie on she bed , light on , on she phone . she 's on instagram , scrolling through she feed . 87 . comment be post , friend tagging each other in picture , new relationship budd and break , kayla look but do not participate . kennedy grave post five picture : summer pool party !!! kayla swipe through the mini . everyone be happy and energetic and have a blast . she can not find herself in any of the photo . she arrive at the group picture at the diving board . she 's not in it . kayla stare at the photo and then close she eye . bloop . a instagram chat from gabe . from gabe : do you see the photo Kennedy post ? kayla respond : no . gabe : there stupid . she do not post any of my handstand pic . kayla : that suck gabe : it 's fine . how be you ? kayla : i actually have to go . lot of homework . sorry . kayla turn off she phone , roll over onto she side and face the wall . int . kayla 's house - live room . night dad be on the couch , browsing he Kindle with read glass on . kayla walk in behind he . kayla will you help I burn something in the backyard ? dad weeee yep. ext . kayla 's backyard . later . kayla and dad be sit next to each other on plastic lawn chair around a small fire burn in the patio 's fire -pit . kayla look down at the time capsule in she lap . its write glow by the light of the fire : to the coolest girl in the world . 88 . dad you sure you want to do this ? kayla yes . dad I be not exactly sure what '' this '' be ... or mean ... I be just hope that whatever we be do here be a positive thing ...? kayla yeah ... dad alright then . kayla place the box in the fire pit . it start to burn . kayla and dad watch it . dad ( cont 'd ) what be in there ? kayla nothing , really . just ... sort of my hope and dream . dad wee right ..... and you be burn they ? kayla yes. dad alright . dad put he arm around he daughter and watch the fire with she . as always , he 's search for something - anything - to say or do to make he daughter happier . and just as he 's about to say something , just as he 's about to make another admirable and kind and probably slightly off - the -mark attempt at help the little girl that he love so very very much , more than anything , she speak : kayla do I make you sad ? 89 . dad wh - ..... sweetheart , no . no. not at all . kayla - not at all . do I seem sad ? kayla no. dad then why would you think you make I sad ? kayla I do not know ... sometimes I think that , like , when I grow up , maybe I will have a daughter . and then , like , I be think , if she be like I , I think that would make I really sad all the time . Cause I would love she a lot because she 's my daughter but ... I do not know , I guess if she end up be like I , I think be she mom would make I really sad . kayla stare down at she lap , pick at she nail . dad pause , devastate , and then lean in , purposefully , sternly , and say what may be the only thing that he be absolutely , one hundred thousand percent certain of . dad you be wrong . kayla ... kayla , look at I : ( she do ) you be wrong ... if you grow up to have a daughter like you , she will make you so , so happy . be you dad make I so happy , kayla . you do not know . you do not know how happy you make I . it 's beyond anything . I can not describe it to you . and it 's not just because you be my daughter . it 's not because I be you dad and I would love you no matter what . it 's because of you . do you understand ? a lot of parent , kayla , a lot of parent have to love they kid in spite of who they be . not I . I get to love you because of who you be . do you get that ? kayla , you be so good . you be such a good person . ( more ) 90 . dad ( cont 'd ) I be not just say this , kayla . it 's true . kayla , look at I . look at I : it 's so easy to love you . it 's so easy to be proud of you . I really mean that . and yeah , sometimes when I see you be upset or have a rough day , it make I sad . but that be sad , that sort of day - to - day sad stuff or worry that I do be , it 's -- kayla , I be always , beneath all that stuff , always just so unbelievably happy that I get to be you dad . ( a pause , a deep breath , a decision ) ... kayla , when you mom leave , I be really scared . like really , really scared . because now I be all alone with this little girl that I love so much and want everything for and I be not sure if I could give you what you need so I be really scared . I be scared that you be not go to be okay . I be scared just like you be right now . more scared . Way more ... but then you get older . and you take you first step , and you say you first word , and you write you first letter to nana and you make you first friend ; and everything that I think I be go to have to teach you - how to be nice , how to share , how to care about other people 's feeling - you just start do on you own . you teacher would say , '' you have get such a lovely daughter , you have do such a great job with she . '' but I do not do anything . I really do not . I just watch . and the more I watch you , the less scared I get . I stop be scared a long time ago , kayla . you know why ? because of you . you make I brave , kayla . and if you could just see yourself like I see you ... the way you really be , the way you always have be ... I promise you would not be scared either . kayla scoot out of she chair and onto she dad 's lap . she hug he tight , hug he in a way that she have not in a very long time . he hug she back . 91 . the fire burn . the hug do not break . ext . gabe 's house . night kayla be at the back door of a small house . she go to knock , stop . turn and walk away . stop . turn back to the house . walk back to the front door . stop . take a deep breath and knock . gabe answer the door , dress in khaki pants and a shirt and tie - he hair gell in a neat part . he be nervous . gabe hi kayla . kayla hi gabe . gabe you look really nice . kayla thank you . you too . gabe thanks . you want to watch a movie later ? kayla sure . gabe cool . a long pause . gabe ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) come on in . kayla step inside . int . gabe 's house . continuous gabe 's house be small and messy . kayla stand stiffly as gabe close the door , turn to kayla , and do a slow bow at the waist , hand at he side . gabe welcome . kayla thank you . 92 . gabe how be you tonight ? kayla good , you ? gabe I be good and you ? kayla good . gabe cool ... May I take you coat ? kayla sure . gabe help kayla out of she hoodie like a gentleman . then hold the hoodie awkwardly , not sure what to do next . kayla ( cont 'd ) I can hold it . gabe okay . gabe hand she hoodie to she . gabe ( cont 'd ) be you hungry ? kayla yeah , sure . gabe cool . gabe start walk , kayla follow . gabe lead she into the kitchen where he have set up a romantic diy dinner for two at the table -- two light candle , two glass of soda and two plate full of chicken tender and fries . everything have be set up very neatly and carefully . kayla wow . gabe do you like chicken tender ? kayla yeah . 93 . gabe cool . I get a twenty piece and I also get two of every kind of sauce - but if you have a favorite sauce and want more than one packet of it , you can have mine . I like all the sauce equally . kayla thanks . kayla walk toward one of the chair . gabe pull it out for she and she sit . gabe the chicken tender have be sit out for a little bit because I do not know when you have be here so tell I if they be too cold and I can heat they up in the microwave . kayla okay . gabe whoops , leave this out by accident . gabe pick up a piece of paper that be sit right beside kayla 's plate . he stand in front of she , hold it . gabe ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to leave this out . sorry . so stupid . kayla no problem . gabe do not move . hold the paper out to kayla . gabe you wanna see it ? it 's stupid . kayla sure . she grab it and look at it . it 's a cheap , print - out award with gabe 's name on it . gabe it 's stupid . kayla what be it ? 94 , gabe I go to archery camp every summer and last summer I get five bull 's eye in a day so they give I the sharpshooter of the week Award . kayla wow . that 's really cool . gabe it 's stupid . gabe take the paper and place it on top of a nearby bureau . he then walk over to the opposite side of the table , stop , pose , shoot a imaginary arrow and then take he seat opposite kayla . he grab he glass of soda and hold it up . gabe ( cont 'd ) to we first friend hang out ! kayla smile and lift she glass . they toast and drink . gabe dig in to the tender . kayla eat cautiously , careful not to mess up she lip gloss . gabe ( cont 'd ) thanks for come . kayla no problem . kayla eat a single fry in three bite . kayla ( cont 'd ) I like you house . gabe thanks . it 's my mom 's . kayla cool . gabe what movie do you want to watch ? kayla what one do you have ? gabe I have Netflix so we can watch anything . what kind of movie do you like ? what genre ? 95 . kayla um ... I do not know . what do you like ? gabe lot of stuff . I can watch scary movie without be scared . kayla cool . gabe the tender be a little cold . kayla they be fine . gabe okay , good . I actually kind of think they be better when they be cold . kayla I too . gabe cool . they eat in silence for a bit . gabe ( cont 'd ) do you believe in God ? kayla um ....yes . gabe cool . more eat . gabe ( cont 'd ) know any good joke ? kayla joke ? um ... gabe I know a few . okay , so you know how bike have two tire ? like on the wheel ? kayla yeah , totally . 96 . gabe okay , so why could not the bicycle stand up ? kayla why ? gabe because it be two tired . kayla laugh a little out she nose , nervous . kayla that 's a good one . gabe I make it up . kayla wow , that 's really funny . gabe do you have any ? kayla um ..... what do the fish say , hold on ... what do the fish say when he swim into the concrete wall -- gabe kayla ( cont 'd ) damn . damn . gabe ( cont 'd ) I have hear that one , that 's a good one , I like that one . kayla thanks . gabe you have a good sense of humor and that 's what I like so it 's good that you have that . kayla thanks . gabe you be welcome . gabe stare at he food , look agitate . then : gabe ( cont 'd ) I have to tell you something . 97 . kayla ( little freak out ) what ? gabe I do not make up that bike joke . my dad tell it to I . kayla oh that 's okay . gabe I should not have lie to you I be sorry . kayla it 's fine . I also sort of think you make the joke you be own in the way you say it so it 's sort of like you write it anyway . gabe smile . gabe totally . they eat some more in silence . gabe ( cont 'd ) I watch some of you video . kayla ( embarrassed ) oh ... that be stupid . gabe no ! no , they be really cool . you be really smart about stuff . you know so many thing . kayla thanks . gabe I be think you should have you own talk show . kayla hahaha yeah ... gabe I be sorry if I be be weird , I be just really nervous . 98 . kayla you not be weird . gabe we be have a good conversation I think . kayla yeah I too . gabe smile . kayla smile back . int . gabe 's house - live room . later gabe and kayla sit on the couch '' together '' ( three foot apart , stiff , both face forward , nervous ) . gabe ... what do you wanna do ? kayla oh ... whatever . gabe yeah , I too , I can do whatever . kayla ... you wanna watch something ? gabe sure . gabe grab the remote off the coffee table in front of they . he hesitates , put the remote back down . gabe ( cont 'd ) actually ... can I show you something ? kayla sure . gabe okay . gabe hop up from the couch and run out of the room . kayla stay put , sit up straight , knee bounce , nervous . we stay on kayla as we hear the sound of gabe 's frantic search : loud footstep down a hallway , a door open , close , a pause , door open again , more footstep . 99 . gabe ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( just outside the room ) okay , I be ready to show you . kayla okay . gabe it 's not that cool . but maybe you will think it 's really cool , I do not know , it 's kind of cool , I guess . kayla okay . gabe Close you eye . kayla do . we stay on she as gabe enter the room . lot of little , strange sound . gabe ( cont 'd ) keep you eye close . kayla okay . gabe okay , you can open you eye . kayla do . gabe be stand in front of she with he hand behind he back . there 's a large cardboard box behind he and a laptop now open on the coffee table between kayla and he . gabe ( cont 'd ) so , like , I tell you about how I do archery and , um , like , this be sort of like another one of my passion . gabe keep one hand behind he back as the other reach out and hit the laptop 's spacebar . heavy metal music begin to blast as gabe pull two large silver ring from behind he back and begin he magic routine . gabe 's hand shake with adrenaline as he do he link ring routine . then reach into the box , do more trick - color change scarve , cut and meld rope . the face - melting guitar do not quite match up with gabe 's routine . but gabe be take this very seriously , too nervous to look up at kayla and see if she 's like it or not . he 's practice this a thousand time , and this be it : he moment . 100 . and as gabe struggle through he act , mess up here , drop a prop there , kayla watch he . someone be do something for she . and she be watch it . smiling . her world upside - down . the pressure , finally , for a moment , off . ext . STREET . gabe 's house later dad wait in he car , park on the street in front of gabe 's house . he stare ahead , turn , see something , smile . kayla enter the car . dad hey . kayla hey . dad pull away and start drive . we stay on the two of they , sit quietly . a long silence between they , then : dad do you have fun ? kayla yeah , yeah it be fun . dad good . they drive . both stare forward . sitting in silence . together . int . mile grove middle school - lobby / hallway . morning 75 we move slowly through the lobby . the floor somehow both scuff and shiny . a giant trophy case with way too much in it . a high ceiling . and empty . 101 . principal mcdaniel ( 0.s. ) Friends , family , and love one . the strange sound of a speech happen in a large , nearby space . loud and echoing and muffle through the wall . barely discernible . we continue to move slowly through the lobby and toward a open hallway entrance . principal mcdaniel ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) today be a celebration . a chance for we to applaud the achievement of this amazing kid . mile Grove Middle School 's class of 2017 . applause . even louder . even stranger sounding . principal mcdaniel 's speech fade to barely audible as we move down the hallway . it 's dark . something in the distance . we keep move . get closer . kid wait in the dark , line up against the right wall of the hallway in single file . dress in cap and gowns . a chaperone ( 40s ) at the front of the line by the entrance to the gym . the kid be chat , bored , not really caring about whatever they be suppose to be caring about right now . chaperone ( whisper yell ) guy ! guy ! we be almost there , a few more minute , please , please just , guy ! shhhh , just shhhh please and thank you . we pass the chaperone and continue down the line . Boy , girl , boy , girl , girl , girl , boy , boy , boy , girl , b--wait . kayla . cap too big for she head . swim in she gown . she stand up straight , hand clench into fist at she side . she look down the hall , see something . aiden . he 's late , hustling toward the back of the line . look cute even in that stupid robe . kayla watch he as he pass . then face forward . stare . then make a decision . 102 . she step out of she place and begin walk quickly down the line . we follow she . she move with confidence and purpose . aiden 's ahead , fix he cap over he stupid head . kayla reach he . and pass . keeps walk . she finally stop and turn . Kennedy grave be stand with steph and another friend . all on they phone . kayla hey . Kennedy look up . too confuse to even react . kayla speak the follow in what seem like one breath . kayla ( cont 'd ) I write you that letter thanking you for have I to you party and you do not write back , like not even a facebook message , and that 's really stupid and mean . and be mean be not cool , it 's mean . when someone do something nice you be suppose to do something nice back . I be always nice to you and you be never nice to I and that 's not fair . I be a good person and you should be nicer to I . Kennedy look shocked / disgust . kayla turn to walk away , whip back . kayla ( cont 'd ) ( angrier ) and that card game I get you for you birthday be actually really fun and you have know that if you actually played it . and I know you probably think it 's stupid but stupid game can be fun sometimes , like if it 's raining outside or whatever , it 's a great game , it 's like a really fun version of go Fish , and if you actually just try play it instead of try to be cool all the time you would realize that it 's really fun game to play when you be bored . and - kayla turn and walk away . back up the line . the adrenaline of the moment still coursing through she . she retake she spot in line . take deep breath to calm herself . 103 . she smile . the familiar sound of photobooth . beep beep beep click : kayla ( v.o. ) hey kayla , it 's I , kayla . the line start to move . kayla walk with she classmate , as the line funnel from the dark hallway through the bright door to the gymnasium . kayla ( v.o. ) congrat on finish high school ! I be so , so , so , so , so proud of you . int . kayla 's bedroom . later that day kayla be sit at she desk , still in she graduation robe , speak to she laptop 's webcam . kayla it 's crazy to think that you be almost 18 . you probably look a lot different than I , which be cool , but also if you still sort of look like this that 's cool too . int . kayla 's bedroom . later . close on a usb drive koala bear , plugge into kayla 's laptop . kayla pull it out . we continue to hear kayla 's video . kayla ( v.o. ) how do you do on the sat ? do you suck at the math part ? it 's okay if you do . math be stupid . kayla place the koala bear into a brand new shoebox full of tiny trinket and keepsake : a picture of kayla and she dad , a bracelet , aiden 's crazy straw , the strip of picture with olivia from the mall photobooth , a sauce packet from gabe 's . kayla ( v.o. ) do you have a boyfriend ? if you do not that 's fine ! and if you do , I hope he be treat you well . you deserve it . kayla put the lid on the shoebox . on the lid , in freshly color marker , be the word : to the coolest girl in the world . 104 . ext . kayla 's backyard . day . kayla place she new time capsule into a two - foot deep , crudely - dig hole in she backyard - a pile of loose dirt beside it . dad watch she , smile , hold a shovel . he begin shoveling the loose dirt back into the hole . kayla ( v.o. ) be dad still a dork ? if he 's not still a dork , he 's probably a alien just wear dad 's skin as a disguise and you should kill he right after you read this . the brightly - color shoebox disappear more and more with every shovelful of dirt . int . kayla 's bathroom . night . kayla stand in front of the mirror . dress for something . Hair and makeup do up . kayla ( v.o. ) I hope you be not too sad about leave all you friend for college . kayla lift up she phone , pose for a selfie . int . dad be car . later that night . kayla ride shotgun . dad drive . they be talk about something , make small talk , laugh , happy . kayla ( v.o. ) but if you be sad , just remember that can still stay in touch with all of you high school friend and you will make ton of new friend at you new school next year . int . mile grove middle school - gymnasium . later . 81 the end of the year dance be bump . sweaty pubescent kid grind and '' dance '' with each other . kayla walk in , look beautiful as always . kayla ( v.o. ) and I know you probably do not want advice from a eighth grader ... 105 . kayla walk into the middle of the large mob of she peer . she start to dance . kayla ( v.o. ) .-- but I just want you to know that if high school suck for you , I be really sorry and that suck but ... it 's whatever , I mean , middle school suck for I but I be past it now and I be move forward . and you can do that with high school too . she dance harder . arm , hip , shoulder , head . all move . kayla ( v.o. ) just cause thing be happen to you right now , do not mean that thing be always go to happen to you . you never know what 's go to happen next and that 's what make thing exciting and scary ... and fun ... she be dance she heart out . no one be pay attention . she do not notice . she do not care . eye close . hip and arm and hair wildly in motion . kayla ( v.o. ) so yeah , stay cool and I can not wait to be you .... Love , kayla . CUT to black : the end .