arac attack ( eight legged freak ) by jesse Alexander &amp ; ellory elkayem July 2000 draft for educational purpose only arac attack ! fade in : ext . desert - night a rabbit hop across rough terrain . ext . highway ( desert ) - night Three truck from Chemical Technologies carry barrel of toxic waste . they pass a sign : prosperity , nevada , pop 454 . int . third truck ( highway , desert ) - night a sleepy trucker call pig pen drive the third truck . self-help tape ( v.o. ) I will be self - assure and confident around woman . pig pen I will be self - assure and confident around woman . ext . highway ( desert ) - night the rabbit stop at the edge of the road . the first truck speed past . then the second . the rabbit cross the highway in front of the third . int . third truck ( highway , desert ) - night self-help tape ( v.o. ) I will not fear the unexpected . pig pen I will not fear the unexpected . the rabbit appear in the road , freeze by headlight . pig pen ahhhhhhhhhh ! pig Pen jam on he brake and swerve to avoid the bunny . ext . highway ( desert ) - night the truck slew crazily . miss the bunny by a whisker . 2 . int . third truck ( bridge , desert ) - night pig Pen see a bridge ahead . if he do not regain control , he will crash . at the last second , he get the rig together . ext . bridge ( desert ) - third truck - night the rim of a wheel tag the curb . one of that toxic waste barrel fall out of the back and plunge to the water below . ext . drainage ditch - night a biohazard warning label be legible as the barrel slip beneath the surface . glow toxic waste seep from a gash in its side . spread through the pool like neon ink . ext . drainage ditch - day the ditch be litter with garbage . the drone of insect . no visible trace of toxic waste . a butterfly net sweep through the air to capture a oversize horsefly . joshua taft ( 70 ) , scrutinize the bug . this old codger be more comfortable study bug than socialize with people . joshua hey , Mike . check this one out . mike palmer ( 12 ) step over for a look . puberty hit hard and fast for this bright , little nerd . mike he 's huge ! joshua they have be like this all week . must be something extra tasty in the water . mike like what ? joshua Dead coyote . snake maybe . back in the ' nam we would eat python with a dash of habanero sauce . mighty satisfy . ( continued ) 3. continued : mike you eat snake ? joshua when you be thirty klick out from the nearest firebase . humpin ' through the wake - up with you finger on the trigger . Charlie do not give you time to stop for cutlet . as Mike skim he own net over the water , he glimpsis a familiar barrel at the bottom of the pool . the brightly - color biohazard warning label be clearly visible . ext . road - joshua' house - day two bicycle be park outside a cabin in the middle of nowhere . int . joshua' house - day the decor be a odd mix of Vietnam era war relic and homegrown scientist . Charlie the parrot sit on a perch . charlie ( v.o. ) Charlie , do not surf ! joshua quiet , bird . we be work . Mike and joshua stand near the spider tank . a dozen aquarium on low shelf . each glass tank replicate a specific environment : jungle , desert , cavern , pond , etc . joshua ( dim tank light ) the sun be go down , my nocturnal hunter . it 's time to come out and feed . Mike watch joshua deposit bug into each spider tank . mike yeah . they be definitely get bigger . joshua I have calculate a growth factor of twelve percent over the last forty - eight hour . but that seem to be accelerate . ( continued ) 4. continued : mike all from eat this bug ? maybe I should try some . Mike pause at the desert tank , watch a cricket search for food . a trap - door spider pop out of its camouflage de like a jack - in- the-box . the arachnid yank the cricket below and replace the roof in a nanosecond . Mike look in another tank where ogre -ey spitting spider shoot blast of paralyze goo at hapless insect . mike run , little guy . joshua they can not outrun the food chain . mike I could get away . joshua imagine yourself the size of that fly . a scytode spitter would be as big as a cadillac . you would be spider chow , kid . Mike look in a tank where jumper chase flee cricket . he move toward another tank that be cover with a towel . mike be the new tarantulas in here ? joshua take I forever to get a breeding set of chilean red . I must have bribe every custom agent from Vegas to santiago . joshua unveil the tank . dirt floor . several burrow entrance . joshua pour in the bug . a large , male tarantula come out of a burrow . it pounce on a bug , then wrap its prey in webbing , turn the insect into a mummy - like bundle . mike that be too cool . joshua male tarantulas compete for the female 's attention . ( more ) ( continued ) 5 . continued : joshua ( cont 'd ) each one try to bring she the best present . bug , rat , even the occasional parrot . charlie squawks . joshua the prey be cocoon alive so she can eat they in she nest . you know how woman love breakfast in bed . joshua lead Mike to the back of the tank . a network of subterranean tunnel be reveal . the male tarantulas scuttle through carry they mummify offering . joshua take a look , the female of the species be three time as big as the male . Mike peer into a large de . the female tarantula step out of the shadow . this be consuela , the chilean red tarantula . joshua say hello to consuela . Mike watch consuela unwrap one of the mummify bundle . she begin to eat the paralyze insect within . joshua she fill she prey with digestive acid to liquify the internal organ . now watch ... she will drink she victim from the inside out . while it 's still alive ! mike ( look queasy ) and you wonder why my mom do not like I hang out with you . joshua arachnid have be roam the earth for million of year . and they will be here long after the human race be dead and bury . suddenly consuela lunge at the glass . Mike recoil . mike bad ! bad consuela ! consuela back up , apparently she can be intimidate . 6 . tarantula Pov - mike the multi-ey spider 's panoramic vision . Mike loom large at the edge of the glass , wag he finger . back to mike Mike stare into the many eye of consuela . mike do that again and I feed you to the parrot . charlie squawks hungrily . the sound of a car horn . joshua there 's you mom . mike see you tomorrow , joshua ! Mike head for the door . ext . desert - day the entrance to a mine shaft protrude from a hillside . a pickup truck be park nearby . the fade logo on the door read : mccormick and son mining company , prosperity , nv . int . mine shaft - day rotten beam . chipped wall . a generator power a string of lightbulb . a lone figure work at the end of the tunnel . CHRIS mccormick ( 30 ) have rugge good look . Weathered clothing . dirt-stain face . ripped muscle . Chris chip at the wall with he pickaxe . as it make contact , the occasional spark fly up . Chris pause to scrutinize the target area with he helmet - light . something sneak along the floor of the mine behind he . Chris be oblivious to he unseen stalker . he chip away a section of stone to reveal shiny mineral . reflection of silver and gold splash across he face . his smile fade ... CHRIS damn . ( continued ) 7. continued : Chris bend over , reach for a bottle of water . a large rat scurries out of hide drag away Chris 's sack lunch . Chris grab he pick - axe and go after the rat . the rodent dodge every hit . spark fly when the axe strike rock . this ignite a vent of methane gas . a brief explosion knock Chris off he foot . he notice a small hole in the floor be light like the burner on a stove . Chris pat out the flame as the rat scurries away with lunch . CHRIS hope you like bologna ! ext . highway - day a police car drive with a bicycle hang out of the trunk . int . police car ( highway ) - day samantha " SAM " palmer ( 30 ) be the sheriff of prosperity and a confident , single mother . Mike be seat beside she . mike you should see they , Mom . each one have a unique feed behavior . the spitter fire poisonous snot . the tarantulas mummify they prey . the jumper can ... SAM why do he have all that thing ? mike he study they . NASA use spider web in outer space . and for medicine . they have be here forever , and they will be here long after we be all dead . SAM you be givin ' I nightmare . mike nightmares be cool . ( continued ) 8. continued : SAM u.p.s. bring this to the station . Sam hand Mike a small package . mike it 's from dad ! he do not forget my birthday . I tell you he would not . SAM better late than never . Mike tear open the box to reveal a cassiopeia pda . mike Rockin ' ! SAM be that the one you want ? mike cassiopeia 2304 with 64 meg of ram . integrate modem . Voice recording capability . this baby be tight . Mike can not turn on the gizmo . SAM what 's wrong ? mike he forget to send the battery . SAM ( annoyed ) I tell he to send battery . ext . desert - day the roar of two off - road motorcycle tear up the desert . bret hale ( 18 ) lead the way . a kid rock-punk with good look and fu attitude . seat behind he be ashley palmer ( 16 ) . this milk - feed desert honey be a wannabe Britney Spears . larry ( 17 ) be the wiseacre on the other bike . bret hang on , babydoll ! ( continued ) 9. continued : they gun they bike onto the highway . slalom the yellow line . wheelie for day . Ashley peek over bret 's shoulder at a police car come at they in the opposite lane . ashley oh shit . int . police car ( highway ) - day sheriff Sam watch intently as the bike wheelie past . SAM hang on . mike why ? ext . highway ( desert ) - day the police car do a impressive bootlegger 180 . light ablaze . siren wailing . the bike pull over to the shoulder . ext . shoulder of highway ( desert ) - day the motorcycle stop with the cop car behind . Sam 's voice bark over the PA . SAM ( v.o. ) Party 's over , gentleman . off the bike . Sam exit the car and approach . the biker dismount . bret there be something very sexy about a older woman in uniform . larry her nine - millimeter give I a stiffy . ashley do not antagonize she , you guy . SAM I tell you not to act like kamikaze . especially with Ashley riding behind . that be unacceptable , bret . ( continued ) 10 . continued : bret I could always ride she from behind . Larry snicker . Sam steel she rage . SAM you just buy yourself a reckless . Sam begin to write up the ticket . ashley can not you give them a break ? SAM get in the car , Ashley . now . ashley but , Mom ! Sam shoot he daughter a intimidating glance . bret no sweat , babydoll . we will hook up later . SAM ( threaten ) over my dead body . int . sam' cop car ( highway ) - day Mike grin from the front seat as Ashley climb in back . mike you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be use ... ashley shut up , dork . ext . shoulder of highway - day Sam hand bret the ticket . bret Larry , do we know anybody at City Hall who can mark this go away ? ( continued ) 11 . continued : larry you dad be the Mayor . bret oh , yeah . ( to Sam ) he sign you paycheck . SAM the next time you put my daughter 's life in danger , I will show you exactly how little that mean to I . bret and Larry feel she resolve . bret relax , bee-otch . it 's all good . the punk remount they bike . SAM I want both wheel on the ground . the punk rev they bike and defiantly wheelie toward town . int . police car - day Sam climb behind the wheel . mike I read she she rights . SAM I can always count on you , Mike . Sam start the car and drive toward town . ashley do you get off on humiliate I ? SAM this bad girl act do not suit you , ash . ashley I be just try to have fun . do not you remember what it 's like to grow up here ? SAM that 's what scare I . ( continued ) 12 . continued : Sam reach over and open the glove box . she pull out a stun gun . Mike pass it through the bar to Ashley . SAM I tell you to keep this with you . Ashley slide the zapper into she backpack . ashley you be so over protective . Mike and Ashley lip-sync along with Sam 's response . SAM a mother 's job be to protect she child . ashley you need to start trust I . SAM I would like to . but you keep skip class to go to the dune with bret . ashley why do you hate he so much ? SAM I do not hate he . I just want you to have a future . I think you want to get out of town . go to mo school . ashley maybe I want to stay . I could get pregnant by nineteen . then divorce with a couple of kid I can not handle . slap on a badge and be a trailer trash sheriff . SAM ( deeply hurt ) thanks for the flashback . they drive on in painful silence . Mike turn on the radio . harlan ( v.o. ) ... listen to w.f.r.e. freedom radio . we have put aside the u.f.o. 's and conspiracy theory ... 13 . int . pickup truck ( highway ) - day Chris drive into town with the radio on . harlan ( v.o. ) ... for some down home talk back with we own mayor : Wade hale . CHRIS oh , great . WADE ( v.o. ) thanks , harlan . as I be say , Chemical Technologies have be look for viable storage site . and prosperity be lucky enough to be on that list . harlan ( v.o. ) lucky ? I think most of we be insulted that some outsider think we town be a perfect place to dump toxic waste . CHRIS right on . ext . MAIN STREET ( town ) - day Chris 's pickup approach ... the entire town be not much bigger than a few football field . the kind of place where everybody have know each other since childhood . some building date back to the 1880' gold rush . harlan ( v.o. ) be not this just you latest get - rich quick scheme ? at one end be the prosperity mall . a huge windowless rectangle in the sand . permanent sign tout the many outlet store inside : Victoria 's secret , Home and Garden supplies , Sport chalet , etc . Hand -paint sign reveal : " go out of business sale . everything must go . final close out . " on the roof of the mall be a very tall radio antenna . harlan ( v.o. ) you mall have more employee than customer . int . pickup truck ( town , MAIN STREET ) - day Chris smile as he listen to the radio . ( continued ) 14 . continued : WADE ( v.o. ) I may have overestimate the need for 100,000 square foot of outlet shopping . ext . beverly house - day beverly ( 40' ) be tend to she garden as she listen to a transistor radio . harlan ( v.o. ) and you ostrich ranch ? WADE ( v.o. ) if the government subsidy have not dry up , I would still be roll in cash . ext . harlan' trailer ( MAIN STREET , town ) - day a airstream at the far end of town . Signs identify it as : " freedom radio . " a brand new humvee be park out front . int . harlan' trailer - day wall decorate with clipping about alien , monster , and conspiracy . two man sit at a home build transmitter . harlan griffith ( 40s ) wear a " alien go Home ! " t- shirt . he eat from a box of frosted flake and drink jolt cola . WADE hale ( 40s ) be the mayor of prosperity . a slick - haire dandy who look more like a Vegas lounge singer than a Mayor . WADE with one phone call I could put together a deal that would make we all very rich . harlan they say money do not buy happiness . WADE they probably do not have any . 15 . int . police car ( highway ) - day Sam and she kid listen to the radio . WADE ( v.o. ) money pay for kid to go to college . it pay the mortgage . int . diner ( MAIN STREET , town ) - day a attractive waitress on roller-skate . a harry chef . local chow down . the radio blare in the b.g . WADE ( v.o. ) it put food on the table . have not the people of this town live hand - to- mouth for long enough ? int . barbershop ( MAIN STREET , town ) - day floyd and leroy be the jurassic era barber . floyd cut leroy 's hair . the two man listen to the radio . WADE ( v.o. ) we be all gonna die in this hell hole . floyd yeah , of boredom . int . police station - day deputy pete sit with he foot up on the desk read playstation magazine . he listen to the radio . WADE ( v.o. ) would not it be nice not to worry about survive retirement ? or take a shot at that life - long dream ? int . harlan' trailer - day WADE think about it , harlan , you could buy a commercial transmitter and start broadcasting to a national audience . harlan it would be nice to get the message out . let people know the alien walk among we . 16 . int . pickup truck - day Chris slow to a stop in front of the mccormick and Son mining company . this stately edifice be once the drive force behind the local economy . WADE ( v.o. ) if Chris mccormick refuse to sell he mine . the rest of we be out of luck . Chris frown . int . police car ( highway ) - day WADE ( v.o. ) I do not think it 's fair for one person to wield that much power . but he 's just like he father . selfish . greedy . and more than a little bit nut . SAM uh-oh . Sam flip on the siren and accelerate . int . diner - day the local stop eat and look toward the radio . WADE ( v.o. ) that family have be digging in that tunnel since the twenty . if there be something down there , do not you think they would have find it by now ? int . barbershop - day floyd and leroy stare at the radio . WADE ( v.o. ) common sense do not apply to crazy people . int . pickup truck - day WADE ( v.o. ) might as well be chase a leprechaun 's pot of gold at the end of the rainbow . ( continued ) 17 . continued : Chris be furious as he peel out and speed toward harlan 's . int . diner - day the local watch Chris 's pickup speed by . WADE ( v.o. ) ... lunatic ... int . barbershop - day floyd and leroy watch Chris speed by . WADE ( v.o. ) ... certifiably nut ... int . police car - ( MAIN STREET , town ) - day as Sam pull into town . she see Chris skid to a stop in front of harlan 's trailer . he leap out of he pickup . WADE ( v.o. ) ... at the very least ... int . harlan' trailer - day Chris yank the door open in time to hear ... WADE ... that mccormick be just plain - old dumb . Wade stand up to protest . but it 's too late . Chris punch he in the nose . the mayor tumble back . CHRIS I have warn you not to talk about my family ! harlan we have a surprise guest in the studio . Chris drag Wade to he foot , shove he against the wall . CHRIS my family build this town ! ( continued ) 18 . continued : WADE be I suppose to be grateful ? Chris draw back he fist for another shot . Sam run in and grab he from behind . SAM that 's enough ! CHRIS stay out of this , Sam ! she manhandle Chris toward the door . ext . harlan' trailer - day practically the entire town have gather outside . Sam drag Chris through the door . Wade and harlan be close behind . CHRIS do you hear what he say ? SAM I hear . WADE I want he lock up ! SAM let 's all calm down . Wade try to take advantage of the assemble audience . WADE we have no economy ! people be barely scraping by ! and now we have be offer the deal of a lifetime . you do not have the right to stand in we way ! CHRIS that mine be full of gas . one spark in the wrong place could blow this entire valley sky high . do you really want to load that gun with toxic waste ? WADE chem - tech do seismic analysis , vapor check , groundwater read , soil sampling . they find isolate methane pocket , but no benzene or hydrogen sulfide . ( continued ) 19 . continued : CHRIS how could they run test ? I do not give they permission to go into the mine . Wade retreat toward he shiny new hummer . CHRIS I ask you a question , you greedy son of a bitch ! WADE I be greedy ?! you be the one keep we down so you can search for gold ! Chris try to go after Wade . Sam hold he back . SAM do not take another step . Chris stare at she . CHRIS you be take he side ? SAM I be try to keep the peace . WADE you be crazy ! just like you father ! Wade drive off in he humvee . the crowd begin to disperse . CHRIS ( sotto ) he be not crazy . SAM it 's okay . Chris head off to he truck . Sam watch he go . her eye drift down he body . Ashley step up beside she mom . ashley maybe you be not gay after all . SAM what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : ashley you can not take you eye off he butt . SAM where do you learn that it 's okay to talk to I like this ? ashley relax , Mom . he 's hot for a old guy . I can admit it . why can not you ? Sam watch Chris get into he truck . he give she one last look before pull out . Sam smile with she daughter . int . mining museum ( MAIN STREET , town ) - day vintage mining gear . wall cover with sepia-tone photo chronicle the history of the mccormick mine . gladys lauderback ( 5as ) sit at a desk . she blow smoke from she Kool into the breeze of a air conditioner . ignoring the sign behind she head : " no smoking ! " , " danger gas ! " as Chris enter , gladys hide she light cigarette in a drawer . gladys do you pop he one ? CHRIS he have it comin ' . but Sam palmer ... that woman abuse she power . gladys why ? because she stop you from givin ' Wade another pop ? CHRIS I be not proud of it . Chris go to a table and a map of the mine that honeycomb beneath the town . many of they be mark " explore . " many be not . Chris check another tunnel off the list . he sniff the air and glare at gladys . smoke rise out of she desk drawer . gladys yank it open and put out the flame . ( continued ) 21 . continued : CHRIS I think you be try the patch . gladys I be . she raise she sleeve to reveal several nicotine patch . Chris exit through a door at the back of the museum . int . museum - live room - day Chris enter the family live quarter . the furniture be new in 1947 . he continue to the adjacent kitchen . int . museum - kitchen - day Chris take a beer out of the fridge . then he notice a odd clicking . he track the sound to a stove burner permanently on " light . " Chris move to a fuse box in the adjacent hallway . he remove the fuse for the stove . the sparking stop . Chris sit at the table and have a cool sip of beer . gladys enter with a stack of bill . CHRIS that burner 's on the fritz again . gladys oh something 's break ? what else be new ? ( lay bill on table ) you need to pay this by the end of the month . CHRIS ( look at bill ) today ... for a split second ... I actually think I have it . gladys another vein of iron pyrite ? CHRIS yeah ... then a rat steal my lunch . I practically blow myself up try to get it back . ( continued ) 22 . continued : gladys I be glad you like my bologna sandwich . ( beat ) maybe you should talk to Wade . CHRIS what be you say ? gladys honey , if he really do have a buyer ... CHRIS you of all people know how much my dad want to find that mother lode . gladys you daddy want to get rich . I do not think he care how that happen . if he be still alive , maybe he would sell that mine . Chris take umbrage ... CHRIS and maybe you do not know he so well after all . a tense beat . gladys you be right ... I be just worried about how we be go to pay this bill . CHRIS do not give up on I , gladys . I promise he I would find the gold . and I will . gladys steel she fear , patting Chris on the hand . ext . town - establishing shot - dawn the sun rise . the town slowly come to life . harlan ( v.o. ) good morning , prosperity , nevada . it 's another beautiful day on the frontier . local prepare they store for business . 23 . int . joshua' house ( desert ) - day harlan ( v.o. ) no charge have be file in yesterday 's fraca between Chris mccormick and Wade hale . and we have get ... joshua turn the radio down . he hold a tape measure to a glass spider tank , recording the size of a unseen arac . joshua a exponential growth rate ... that 's impossible . charlie I so horny . I love you long time . joshua do not look back at the parrot sit on its perch . joshua be quiet , bird ! Charlie look over at the tarantula tank . watch curiously as the cloth cover move slightly . as if one of the spider be escape . Charlie fly over to investigate . he land on the counter and peer around the back of the tank . charlie Charlie 's in the wire ! incoming ! something yank the parrot o.s. joshua stop screwing around ...! joshua look back in search of the parrot . he notice several feather float down to the floor . he head over to investigate . joshua pull the blanket clear to reveal the top of the cage have be push aside . no sign of any tarantulas . joshua check the back side of the tank . joshua where would you go ? consuela ? she 's nowhere to be see . joshua spot something stick out from under the table . two parrot foot . joshua pull Charlie out from under the table . it 's a horrible sight . the bird be wrap in spider webbing . his body desiccate . ( continued ) 24 . continued : joshua Charlie ... semper fidelis . joshua see Charlie be attach to a web . he tug on the webline . something tug back . joshua lean down to look under the table . his eye go wide at what he see . then a shadow loom over he head . joshua look up and ... ext . joshua' house ( desert ) - day scream and the sound of breaking glass come from within . ext . palmer house ( town ) - day ranch style . cop car in front . Chris 's pickup cruise by . int . pickup truck - outside palmer house - day Chris drive past . he catch sight of a figure in a window . int . palmer house - bathroom - day Sam be brush she tooth at the window as Chris drive by . they make eye contact . Chris move on . Sam look at herself in the mirror . bathrobe . no makeup . messy hair . mouth full of toothpaste . SAM work it , babe . int . palmer house - hallway - day Sam come out of the bathroom dress in she uniform . SAM it 's all yours . Ashley and Mike exit they room . Mike be dress for the day . Ashley in a robe . they race for the bathroom . Mike be first . then Ashley hip - check he out of the way , slamm the door in he face . ashley ( o.s. ) lady first . ( continued ) 25 . continued : mike what 's you excuse !? Sam stick she head out of a room at the end of the hall . SAM you still want a ride , Mike ? mike I be just go to the mall . SAM have fun . Mike head down the hallway and out of the house . int . palmer house - bathroom - day Ashley turn on the shower , drop she robe , and climb in . int . bathroom - shower - day Ashley be surround by steam . she sing a edgy gangsta rap tune by nwa . tres ' bizarre , non ? shampoo lather cascade down she face . her eye close . she be oblivious to a small spider crossing a web in front of she . the spider get clear as Ashley rinse off the soap . Ashley rub conditioner into she hair . the lather build . cover she face . force she eye close once more . the spider return across its web right in front of she eye . the water stop . Ashley reach for the showerhead blindly knock the spider off its web . she feel no water come out , and fumble for a washcloth . reaching with eye close , she can not see the little spider have land on top of the cloth . as Ashley retrieve it , the spider scurries onto its opposite side . Ashley wipe the soap off she face . the spider ride the washcloth and move toward she hand . before it can strike , Ashley get she eye clear and drop the cloth . the cloth land on the floor atop the spider . as the beast stare out from under it , barefoot Ashley step on the cloth . crush the spider without ever know it be there . ( continued ) 26 . continued : Ashley turn she attention to the showerhead . she crank the water handle , try to get the water flow again . the handle suddenly pop off . dozen of tiny spider pour from the hole onto the floor . Ashley shriek in horror . Sam burst into the bathroom and yank open the shower door . she drag Ashley out and look at all the little spider . SAM now what ? Ashley just scream . int . hank and emma's home - day the scream of a sawzall . a house in the midst of remodeling . section of wall be expose . sheet cover furniture . hank ( 30 ) be the Bob villa-poseur . a cat sit near a open section of wall . watch something intently . the cat charge into the wall after unseen prey . emma ( 30 ) come downstairs wear she bathrobe . she clutches she ear in pain , scream for hank to stop . he can not hear . she grab he shoulder and he stop cutting . emma why do you need to do that as six in the morning !? do you hate I that much !? hank I want to finish before I go to work . emma you have be say that for six month ! hank I can not finish if you keep interrupt ! hank restart the saw as Emma stagger into the kitchen . 27 . int . remodeled house - kitchen - day Emma make herself a hangover helper . Egg , tabasco , lemon juice , and a shot of vodka . all of it go into the blender . she fire it up . compete with the noise of hank 's saw . then Emma notice a bowl of uneaten cat food . int . remodeled house - live room - day Emma come back in and unplugs the noisy saw . hank if you be gonna keep pull the plug ... emma have you see Zeke this morning ? hank he be chase something earlier . emma if he get into the wall again , it 's you ball in the blender . they hear faint meowing . hank trace the source . it 's come from behind a partially - dismantle wall . hank hey , Zeke . Breakfast be ready . emma I will get the tuna . Emma head back into the kitchen . hank listen at the wall . after a beat he hear the cat rustling around inside . hank Zeke ? Emma re-enter with a can of tuna . she hear zeke hiss . emma what 's wrong with he ? hank shake he head . the cat noise become more aggressive . the panicked couple try to follow the cat 's progress . they track the sound of battle along the wall . the noise become frantic . scrabbling claw . howl of kitty pain . hank &amp ; emma Zeke !? Zeke ! Zeke ! ( continued ) 28 . continued : they follow the cat 's frenzied movement up the wall , across the ceiling , and down the other wall . hank hurry over . he can feel he cat thrashing maniacally on the other side . a feline scream . and then deafen silence . hank tear open the drywall , reach for he cat . hank I have get he by the tail . he withdraw all that remain of the Zeker ... a bloody tail . ext . mall - day Mike hop off he bike before it stop move . letting it crash in the dirt . he enter the mall through glass door . int . mall ( prosperity ) - day Mike pass norman ( 18 ) , a janitor polish the floor . norman listen to loud death rock tune on a Sony walkman . norman ( conspiratorial ) hey , dude . yeah . you . Mike come over to this goatee would rascal . norman wanna buy some smoke ? mike a pack of cigarettes ? norman smoke to get high , not to die . my stuff be hydroponically grow in a top secret location . no artificial flavor . no preservative . just 110 percent homegrown . mike where 's this secret location ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : norman I could have a dime bag for you toot sweet . but if I tell you where exactly , I would have to kill you . mike norman , you know my mom 's the sheriff . norman oh yeah ... right on ... ( consider this ) do she get high ? Mike walk away , deeper into the mall . a dozen store line the hallway : Victoria 's secret , Electronic boutique , Sport chalet . most of the store be close for good . a large atrium feature a fountain and jungle gym . skylight cover the ceiling . Mike enter the Home and Garden store . int . home and garden store - day Mike go up to the counter . the clerk snap at he . clerk the bug spray be on aisle five ! mike what ? clerk you want mousetrap !? be that it ?! aisle five ! Mike grab some battery and lay they on the counter . clerk oh. I think you want ... a old lady walk past . old lady Excuse I , young man . where can I find the bug spray ? clerk aisle five ! the clerk grab the PA 's microphone . ( continued ) 30 . continued : clerk ( over PA speaker ) all bug spray , rodent trap , ant poison and fly paper be on aisle five ! he return he attention to Mike . clerk that will be three fifty -two . Mike pay the man . mike where 's aisle five ? the annoyed clerk point . Mike head over . he see the aisle be crowded with local squabbling over the few remain can of raid , Black flag and off . ext . beverly house ( town ) - day beverly uncoil a hose , crank a spigot . she spray she vegetable garden with water . after a beat , a solid object be cough up through the hose . beverly continue water . two more unidentified object be spew from the hose . she react by cranking the spigot on full . the water spray harder . then inexplicably stop . beverly check the spigot . she look into the open of the hose . put it to she ear and listen . sniff . now she put the end of the hose in she mouth and suck deeply , try to siphon away the blockage . beverly remove the hose . a faint rumbling sound . she put it back in she mouth and suck . a solid object come through the hose and into she mouth . then another . and another . a dozen thing pump through the hose and into she mouth . beverly yank it out . Water spew from she mouth and out of the hose . apparently the blockage have clear . beverly fall to she knee . hunching forward . she vomit forth a stomach full of water ... and small spider . mouth agape . eye wide in horror . she watch they scurry into the garden . beverly try to scream ... but can only retch . 31 . ext . STREET ( town ) - day Mike palmer ride he bike through a puddle of water . he see beverly throw up in she vegetable garden . Mike it thoroughly gross out . ext . joshua' house ( desert ) - day Mike ride he bike into joshua 's front yard . he dismount before the bike stop . it crash . Mike head inside . int . joshua' house - day Mike stop short in the doorway . a off-hook telephone beeps incessantly . wind moan through shattered window . Furniture be tip over . Mike move through the chaos . mike hello ? joshua ? Charlie ? the spider tank be shattered . no trace of they occupant . Mike pull out he cassiopeia pda and start recording . mike ( into pda ) Captain 's log . stardate ... stop recording , plays it back , listen to he voice . mike cool ! ( record again ) the house be desert . no sign of joshua taft or he bird . the spider tank be shattered . there be break glass everywhere . Mike move toward the back door of the cabin . it swing open and shut in the wind . ext . joshua' house ( desert ) - back yard - day Mike come out and notice hundred of coin-size footprint . he follow this track to a cluster of wooden barricade label : " mccormick and son mining company . " Mike peer toward a vertical mine shaft behind the barrier . ( continued ) 32 . continued : mike ( into pda ) Animal track . definitely too big to be spider . could be rat . Mike slip past the barricade . follow the track to the edge of the abyss . he can not see anything . it 's too dark . Mike turn away and return to the yard . never realize ... several foot down the shaft . Hidden under a rock ... the shrivel and desiccate corpse of joshua taft . it hang from the side of the shaft in thick sticky webbing . grisly . suddenly the corpse be tug loose and drag deeper into the shaft by some unseen creature . ext . mine shaft - day Chris 's pickup be park outside another mine shaft . int . mine tunnel - day Chris work with he pick -axe . he pause , listen to a disturbing noise somewhere down the tunnel . a growl ? a roar ? Chris be n ' t so sure . and then a new sound ... a screeching . the noise grow louder . something 's come . Chris shine he light into the darkness . try to see what 's cause the unsettle crescendo ... suddenly dozen of rat burst from the darkness . ext . mine shaft - day Chris run out the mouth of the tunnel . the rat stampede be on he tail . he leap into the back of he pickup . the manic rodent continue off into the desert . Chris look back toward the gape mouth of the tunnel . CHRIS what be I , the pied piper ... 33 . ext . MAIN STREET ( town ) - barber shop - day Mike ride he bike . floyd the barber stand out front chat with a elderly couple . they hold a dog 's leash in they hand . floyd I be sorry . I have not see he . ext . MAIN STREET ( town ) - day Mike ride on . he notice a guy taping a flyer to a lamp post . Mike glance over . it 's a sign for a miss dog . ext . MAIN STREET ( town ) - police station - day Mike arrive at the local police station . several car be park out front . the door be ajar . local be crowded inside . Mike let he bike crash as he enter . int . police station - day Sam be behind she desk . the place be swarm with local . SAM quiet ! quiet please ! the mob be not listen . beverly they be clogging up my house ! emma I want to know what kill Zeke ! travis he be a good dog ! he would not just get up and go ! deputy Pete whistle at top volume . everybody shut up . SAM I have spider at my house too . we need a exterminator not a sheriff . travis what about my dog ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : SAM I do not know , Travis . we be gonna keep a eye out . but we be not gettin ' anywhere like this . you should go back out there and look for you animal . if they have not show up by tonight . I will call Fish and game . okay ? Pete usher the grumble mob out of the office . Mike avoid the crush and manage to stay inside . mike Mom ! Mom ! all josh 's spider be go ! SAM I can not do this right now , Mike ! everyone 's have pest problem ! mike but joshua be go ! SAM maybe he 's out look for he spider ? mike Mom , I be serious ! you be not listen ! SAM Mike ... I have get miss pet . spider in the plumbing . rat and mouse come out of basement . and you sister 's about to end up on a milk carton . I can not have you lose ... the phone ring . Sam answer it . SAM hello ? Wade ... wait a second ... you ostrich ? off Mike 's look . ext . WADE be ranch - dirt driveway - day prosperity be clearly visible just a mile away . the police car drive down a long road line with fence . 35 . ext . WADE be ranch - ranch house - day Wade 's new hummer be in the driveway . a cattle dog bark as Wade lead Sam and Mike around the side of the house . WADE come out to feed my bird this morning . SAM coyotes ? WADE Hell no ! the trio step to the fence . only three mangy ostrich be there to greet they . WADE my flock have fifty bird ! where would they go , dammit ! who the hell steal fifty bird that can not even fly !? SAM all this happen last night ? WADE I guess . and we do not hear a thing . Sam gesture toward the barking dog . SAM what about he ? WADE not a peep . Mike notice some ostrich feather on the ground . he head over for a closer look . the dog watch he progress . barking excitedly . Sam talk to Wade . SAM how 's the ostrich business ? WADE not so good lately . SAM you have get that new hummer . you must be makin ' enough to pay for it . ( continued ) 36 . continued : WADE ( annoyed ) you like it ? I will take you for a ride . SAM this bird be insure . right ? WADE I do not kill my bird , Sam . be that what you think ? Mike look back to see he mom confront Wade . WADE ( in the distance ) ... reject ... absolutely not ... Mike scrutinize what appear to be more of that track that he find at joshua 's . but this time they be larger : mike ( into pda ) I have find more track . even larger now . Mike follow the trail toward another mine entrance . this one be plugge with concrete . the track do not go there . they stop at what appear to be a normal patch of ground . several ostrich feather be scattered nearby . Mike take a closer look . something do not seem right . a odd demarcation in the soil . his finger trace the edge of a thin film of material . it be a lid of sort . a sheath of sticky webbing coat with dirt . Mike be able to lift it . Mike peer into a deep dark burrow three foot wide . int . underground burrow - day twenty foot down the shaft . a shape move . trapdoor spider Pov - mike a multi - eyed spider' view of Mike at the top of the burrow . ext . WADE be ranch - ostrich pen - day Mike squint into the burrow but can not see anything . 37 . int . underground burrow - day a dark shape inch up the burrow toward Mike . ext . WADE be ranch - ostrich pen - day Mike be oblivious as he peer into the dark . ext . WADE be ranch - ranch house - day the barking cattle dog snap its tether and charge Mike . Sam and Wade see this and run after it . ext . WADE be ranch - ostrich pen - day Mike do not see the dog . he 's too busy look in the hole . int . underground burrow - trapdoor spider Pov - mike the kid be framed in the burrow open just a few foot away . ext . WADE be ranch - ostrich pen - day Mike sense something approach in the darkness . suddenly he 's grab from behind . Sam drag he away as clyde the cattle dog continue barking . WADE ( to clyde ) now you be on the job ?! what the hell be you doin ' last night ?! SAM come on , Mike . let 's hit it . Sam lead she son toward the house . Mike glance back . ext . WADE be ranch - dirt driveway - day Mike and Sam be in the cop car . Wade be at Sam 's window . WADE I need to know what happen to my bird ! ( continued ) 38 . continued : SAM if I find anything I will let you know . ( a beat ) so you can fill out that insurance form . Sam drive down the driveway . Wade take off he hat and wipe he brow . he watch clyde run parallel to the accelerate police car . int . police car ( dirt driveway ) - day Sam eye the road ahead . Mike be lose in think . mike we have to go back . SAM Mike ? mike that be a trapdoor spider 's burrow . SAM what be you talk about ? mike joshua be feed he spider bug from the creek . and they be get bigger . Mike glance out the window at the dog run nearby . mike ( agitate ) what if they do not stop grow ? what if they break out of they tank . ate joshua . and go into the mine ? Sam look at he like he 's out of he mind . mike that could be why the other species be come out into the open . they be try to get away from the giant spider . ( a beat ) the ecosystem be out of balance . ( continued ) 39 . continued : SAM have you be overdose you ritalin ? she check he for a fever . ext . WADE be ranch - dirt driveway - fence line - day clyde run next to the car . suddenly he disappear underground with a yelp . only still frame on a dvd player will capture the trapdoor spider 's lunge from a camouflage de . the dog 's empty collar roll to a stop in a cloud of dust . int . police car ( dirt driveway ) - day Mike turn from he mother and look out the window . he be confuse when he do not see any sign of the dog . mike maybe I be lose it ... he check himself for a fever . int . abandoned truck stop ( desert ) - day a dingy collection of building surround by dune and rock . the structure have board window . graffiti on the wall . teenager hang out . off-road motorcycle park nearby . bret hale 's monster truck do donut in the parking lot . Ashley hang out the passenger window shriek with glee . int . bret' truck ( truck stop ) - day bret smoke a philly blunt as he donut he truck . Ashley laugh hysterically . bret steer they around to the back of the truck stop . he skid to a stop . ashley woo-hoo ! bret offer he stogie . Ashley refuse . bret puff away . ashley have not you have enough of that ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : bret no such thing . norman 's bud be da'kine . he cough and they both laugh . bret when I medal at the X - Games , Honda will give I full sponsorship . then I will take you with I on the supercross tour . Ashley be silent . bret be you still think about go away ? ashley I do not know . I want to do something with my life , bret . help people . maybe mo school be still a option . bret not if you keep hang out with I . ashley thanks , Mom . they kiss . thing head toward a serious level of " get down . " bret slide he hand up Ashley 's shirt . Ashley get into it . but then bret slide he hand toward the button of she 501 . Ashley remove he hand . ashley slow down ... bret persist . Ashley climb off of he . bret I think you love I . ashley I do ! bret then what 's the problem ? you want to leave town . you do not want to make out . ashley I do not feel ... ( continued ) 41 . continued : bret what ? ashley I do not want to lose my virginity in the front seat of a monster truck . bret why do not you say so ? we can go outside . I have get a blanket in the back . ashley no ... I guess ... I be just not ready . bret tammy and Larry do it every night ! ashley then call they ! have a menage a trois ! bret come on , Ashley . mommy 's not around . you do not have to play the good girl . let daddy give you what you really want . bret go after she once more . Ashley 's not into it . ashley please , bret ... please do not ... but bret will not listen . Ashley be not strong enough to fight he . she reach into she purse and pull out she stun gun . she ram it up in bret 's crotch and pull the trigger . bret howl like a baboon in a wood chipper . he spasmodically jerk off of Ashley and tumble out the driver 's side door . ext . behind truck stop - day bret twitches on the ground . bret my ball ? ahh ! my ball ! ( look down ) I piss myself ?! damn , bee-otch ! ( continued ) 42 . continued : Ashley watch from the truck . ashley I tell you to back off ! Ashley close the door of the truck and roll up the window . bret be daze as he get to he foot . then he eye rack - focus to a nearby dune . a rottweiler-sized jump spider stand atop it . two large eye surround by six smaller orb . Orange and black design on its abdomen . wiry hair . dagger-size fang . bret can not quite believe what he see . Ashley start the truck . this snap bret back to reality . bret Ashley , wait ! ashley screw you , bret . I be go home . bret see the spider leisurely come down off the dune . he run over to the door of the pickup and try to open it . bret please ! open the door ! I be sorry ! ashley I can not believe my mom be right about you . do you know how embarrassing that be ? Ashley start to pull away . bret keep bang on the glass . bret open the door , baby ! I love you ! I want to marry you ! have my child ! please ! Ashley flip he the bird and burn rubber . as the truck move out of the way , bret find himself stare at several more jump spider that be methodically approach . bret sprint around to the other side of the truck stop . 43. ext . truck stop - parking lot - day bret run from behind the building . Larry witzer and a bunch of other kid see he come . larry dude , do you piss in you pants ? randy ha-ha ! bret piss he pants ! all the kid start laugh and point at bret . none of they see the approach jump spider . bret get out of here ! they be come ! randy the only one come be you , dude . Larry and Randy high - five . a jump spider land on Randy 's back , pierce he with its fang , throw he to the ground . Randy scream . the kid have a front - row seat as the spider 's pincer mash they buddy into a edible pulp . bret leap onto he motorcycle and fire it up . several more jump spider bound across the parking lot . bret ride ! the kid scramble , leaping onto they bike . one rider be pick off by a spider . the other kick up rooster tail as they accelerate away . the spider chase they into the dune . ext . sand dune - day a wasteland on the outskirt of town . the sandy wave be " surf " by the noisy motorcycle . the jump spider keep after they , leaping a dozen foot in a single bound . a biker be rip off a motorcycle . the bike crash . Larry end up with a jumper on he bike . another biker try to kick it off , manage to knock the critter into the motorcycle 's spoke . the spider get munched . but then the courageous biker crash and be set upon by a hungry jumper . Larry continue riding . but a spider land on he back and sink fang into he spine . Larry yell bloody murder . ( continued ) 44 . continued : bret see Larry go down in a cloud of gore and sand . bret be the only human leave . a jumper come after he in mid-air . bret do a X - Games style rocket air , kick backward with boot leg . he knock the spider away and keep on riding . ext . highway - day Three familiar truck cruise down the highway . this time they be devoid of any toxic waste cargo . int . third truck - highway - day pig Pen stare fixedly at the endless road ahead of he . self-help tape ( v.o. ) I will live every moment of my life as if it be my last . pig pen I will live every moment of my life as if it be my last . suddenly bret hale wheelies across the road . a jump spider explode against the windshield . spider gut splatter everywhere . pig Pen scream as he jam on the brake . ext . highway - day the truck jack - knife into a line of telephone pole . knock they over and roll multiple time before exploding . several jump spider be catch in the blast . bret hale ride on with several more jumper behind . int . palmer house - mike' room - day the black and white classic : tarantula , play over a old tv and vcr . Mike be at he computer , downloading a spider encyclopedia into he pda . a message flash across the screen : connection lost . Mike pick up the telephone . mike hello ? hello ? the line be dead . 45 . ext . desert - day bret ride into a dead - end canyon with the spider very close behind . bret steer for the mouth of a hillside mine shaft . int horizontal mine shaft - day bret speed inside . he look over he shoulder to check for he pursuer , they be go . bret look relieved . he face forward as ... whack ! a support beam knock he from he bike . the bike continue on into the tunnel alone . from the sound of thing it travel pretty far before crash . bret lie on the ground as dust settles onto he face . he look up at a support beam which begin to crack . bret move clear just as the ceiling cave in , sealing he in the mine . ext . MAIN STREET ( town ) - day several local put up more sign for miss pet . int . diner / ext . MAIN STREET ( town ) - day harlan be kibitze with Travis . Pete and Emma console each other over dessert . Wade sit alone at a table for two . the attractive waitress on roller - skate give he a fresh beer . waitress the phone go down for some reason . maybe that 's why bret do not call . do you want to go ahead and order ? WADE just give I the usual . waitress one ostrich steak , comin ' up . Wade react glumly to the word " ostrich . " int . museum - kitchen - day gladys smoke as she put together the fixing for a large meal . she have a cookbook out . pot and pan . Chris enter . gladys quickly drop she cigarette in the disposal . ( continued ) 46 . continued : gladys what be you do home ? CHRIS need some rat trap . gladys try the basement . CHRIS what be all this ? gladys I want to surprise you with a special dinner . Turkey De La gladys . CHRIS I will have mine without nicotine . gladys not as good that way . Chris go through a nearby door to the basement . int . museum - basement - day Chris come downstairs . he rummages through some junk . come up with several rat trap . he turn around to discover a odd hole in the wall . he venture over for a look . CHRIS rat ... Chris lean into the hole , he jacket restrict he entry . Chris pull out of the hole , stand to reveal a large male tarantula on he back . Chris be oblivious as he take off he jacket . the coat land in a heap atop the spider . Chris get back down and place one of the rat trap in the hole . he do not notice the jacket move behind he . Chris back out of the hole . he pick up he jacket . the spider be go . he grab he trap and head upstairs . 47 . int . museum - day Chris pass through the kitchen . he eye gladys warily . CHRIS have you be smoking ? gladys no . smoke pour out of she nostril . CHRIS gladys ... gladys get back to work . I will see you tonight . Chris start out . gladys Sam call for you . Chris hesitates . gladys she want you to come by the station . CHRIS she really have it in for I . gladys oh please . CHRIS what ? gladys you two should just sleep together and get it over with . CHRIS I and Sam ... hook up ... gladys I may be older than electricity , but I use to be a nice - look piece of tail . CHRIS too much information . ( continued ) 48 . continued : gladys I be not kid . I get more action than that chick on VIP . so when I tell you Sam think you butt be u.s.d.a. choice ... CHRIS this be where I throw up . gladys do not tell I you do not think she 's a fox . Chris mull this over . test he own feeling . he open he mouth to ask another question . and then head out . gladys see you for dinner . gladys do not notice the basement door creak open slightly . int . police station - day Sam be on the phone at she desk . SAM nothing yet . I be sorry . we be still try to get ... Chris enter . SAM let I call you back . ( hang up ) this have be one crazy day . we have get miss pet , dead ostrich . God only know what 's next . CHRIS I be sorry about yesterday . Wade be ... he know how to push my button . SAM I want to ask you ... CHRIS on a date ? Sam freeze for a second . Chris laugh . ( continued ) 49 . continued : CHRIS I be kid . what do you want to ask ? SAM have you notice anything strange in the mine ? CHRIS define strange . SAM I have spider in my house . hector have roach in he basement . some mouse ... CHRIS how about stampede rat ? SAM be they run away from something ? CHRIS could have be . never see they do that before . I guess it qualify as strange . Sam think this over . CHRIS Sam ... do you want to go out sometime ? SAM ( take aback ) be you ask I out on a date ? CHRIS only if you be go to say yes . Sam smile slightly . int . museum - kitchen - day the basement door be wide open . gladys mix food in a bowl . a cigarette with a massive ash hang off she lip . a male tarantula move across the ceiling . the creature be the size of a pit bull . two quivering palp flank dart -size fang . multiple eye the size of quarter . Hair all over . ( continued ) 50 . continued : gladys be oblivious to the ominous threat above she . as she work , the spider shadow she . every time the spider be about to strike , she go another direction to get spice , utensil , a pan . gladys place she bowl on the stove . suddenly the tarantula drop onto the stove right in front of she . gladys shriek . the tarantula lash out at she . gladys grab a fry pan and smashes it across the face as she stumble backward . the spider reel , strike the burner knob , turn on the gas . gladys register the sound of escaping gas . she look back toward the fuse box and make a run for it . as she go , the tarantula fire a webline at she . gladys get the fuse off the top of the fuse box , but the webline prevent she from slotting it home . gladys strain with all she might , finally slot the fuse . she turn toward the kitchen just in time to see the break burner spark to life . the gas ignites . the tarantula be engulf in flame . gladys be knock down by the blast . she lie on she back when a second male tarantula nail she with a webline . gladys scream as she 's drag across the floor toward the basement door . the fire grow more intense , spread quickly . int . police station - day CHRIS so that 's a ' no . ' SAM my kid be the world to I , Chris . when they dad leave ... it really take a toll . on all of we . I can not go through that again . I will not . CHRIS no ... I understand ... I do not know what I be think ... ( laugh ) gladys have some crazy idea . I be gonna kill she . deputy Pete throw open the door . ( continued ) 51 . continued : pete the museum 's on fire ! off Chris 's look . ext . burning museum - day the museum burn . the volunteer fire department attack the conflagration . all the local be there to help . Sam 's cop car skid to a stop . Chris leap out . stare at the fire for a beat . and then he charge toward the inferno . Sam tackle he from behind . pin he to the ground . CHRIS no ! let I go ! gladys ! let I go ! the museum collapse . Chris watch it burn to the ground . ext . museum - day ( later ) the fire be out . the once - proud building be now a smolder pile of rubble . local stand in small group . Chris wander through the ruin as firemen mop up . he pick something out of the char . the map of the mine . almost completely burn . soak with water . he stare at it for a heavy beat . all that remain of he legacy . Sam step up . SAM maybe she get out . Sam put a comforting hand on he shoulder . CHRIS ( devastate ) she be cooking . the stove be break . SAM why do not you come home with I ? we will get you clean up . Chris hesitates for a moment . and then he let the map fall . he walk out of the ruin with Sam . ( continued ) 52 . continued : Mike stand off to the side . he spot something near the edge of the ruin . he go over to pick it up . it 's a piece of arachnid exoskeleton . a spider 's leg . big. very big . Travis the fire chief warn he away . travis get away from there , Mike ! Mike hurry clear with he prize . he put it on the ground , sketches the outline of a spider to fit the scale of the leg . mike Holy God ... Mike look around for he mom . he see she drive off in the cop car with Chris . mike Mom ! wait ! ext . palmer house - dusk the sun hang low in the sky . Sam 's cop car park beside bret 's monster truck . int . palmer house - day Ashley watch tv . a doctor resuscitate a die patient with cpr . the doctor count as he pump the man 's chest . tv doctor ( v.o. ) one ... two ... three ... Ashley watch intently . the patient be revive . tv doctor ( v.o. ) helping people never get old . Ashley hear keys in the front door . she quickly switch channel to MTV . Sam enter with Chris . SAM be bret here ? ashley no . SAM then why be he truck out front ? ( continued ) 53. continued : ashley do not worry about it . SAM what do you mean ? what happen ? ashley nothing . Ashley start cry . Sam go to comfort she daughter . Chris stand by in shock . watch , upset . ashley nothing happen , alright ! Ashley run off to she room . Sam follow . Chris stand alone for a beat . he walk to the kitchen and pull a bottle of vodka from the freezer . he put the cold bottle against he head and neck . try to cool off . Mike burst into the house carry he piece of exoskeleton . he see Chris open the bottle of vodka . mike spider shed they skin when they grow . Chris look at Mike for a moment . mike like snake . CHRIS gladys be dead . Chris drink vodka straight from the bottle . mike maybe not . that get Chris 's attention . mike this be a tarantula 's leg . or it be . it 's a exoskeleton , to be scientific . CHRIS it 's a little large . ( continued ) 54 . continued : Chris have another gulp of vodka as Mike hold up he cassiopeia full of spider data . he show Chris a video of a male tarantula mummify its food . Chris watch in amazement . mike see ! male tarantulas wrap they prey in webbing . tight like a mummy . the food stay alive so they can eat it later . Sam enter the room in time to overhear this . SAM Mike , please . now be not the time . Chris look up at Sam . CHRIS they keep they food alive . Mike hand he mother the new piece of exoskeleton . SAM what be this ? mike a spider 's leg ! Sam flinch , drop the object to the floor . mike careful ! SAM no . that 's a piece of cactus . look ... it 's cover with spine . mike that be quill ! tarantulas can flick they at you like dart ! Mike do a odd flick motion . kind of like a dog scratch a flea . SAM giant tarantulas ? mike tarantulas ! wolf ! trapdoors ! joshua have a ton of exotics ! ( continued ) 55 . continued : CHRIS if there be giant spider roam the desert , do not you think somebody would have see they by now ? mike the jumper hunt in daylight . but not the other . they only come out when the sun go down ! the group look to the window , the sun hang low in the sky . ext . town - dusk prosperity be bath in sunset . the mine shaft entrance be clearly visible . like black hole of malevolent promise . int . palmer house - garage - day the garage be cluttere . Old station wagon . bike . skis . Sam lead Chris to a bag full of she ex-husband 's clothes . SAM I guess I should watch more ' Oprah . ' it must be a textbook ' no - dad ' kind of thing . Chris shift awkwardly . in shock . sad . Sam hold up a flannel shirt . CHRIS that one look kind of scratchy . Sam hold up a shirt that Chris approve of . he take it and proceed to take off he old soot-stain shirt . SAM all Jason care about be get out and start over . I guess that include buy a new wardrobe . Sam turn to pass Chris a pair of Levis . he 's buttone up the new shirt . Chris take the pants . he do not register Sam ogling he expose chest . ( continued ) 56 . continued : CHRIS gladys think I should sell ... but you know ... I never want to get rich . if it be about the money , I would have sell out to Wade a long time ago . Chris move behind the car and take off he pants . CHRIS I think I just want to prove the gold be down there . that my family be not crazy to keep look . even after we would lose so much . and now ... she 's go , too . SAM I be sorry , Chris . CHRIS do you know what I be try to say ? SAM it be not about spend the gold , it be about find it . CHRIS that 's right . that 's exactly right . Sam glimpsis Chris through car window . the poor guy 's struggle to pull on some 501 . Sam turn away , but catch sight of he in a propped - up glass door . CHRIS remind I never to let you do my laundry . she turn , only to see he in a mirror . he step out from behind the car . Sam stare at he . SAM they look great . int . ashley' room - sunset a melancholy n'sync ballad play over a boom BOX . Ashley sit on she bed with she back to the open window . the sun set in the distance . she rip up the photograph of bret . ( continued ) 57 . continued : Ashley do not notice the great dane-size spitting spider crawl in through she window . it be stripe like a jungle predator . it come all the way into the room and then linger among Ashley 's stuff animal collection . int . mike' room - dusk Mike check the phone . still dead . he type at he computer , enter the specification of the piece of exoskeleton . a digital representation of a spider grow on he monitor screen . show Mike exactly how big the spider would be after shed this skin . Mike be distract by the loud music come from Ashley 's room . mike can not you turn that down ?! int . ashley' room - dusk mike ( o.s. ) I be do spider research ! Ashley stop rip . she go to the pile of animal , oblivious to the spider . the beast do not move . Ashley grab a pink teddy bear with a heart on its belly . she return to bed and cut the bear 's heart out with scissors . the spitting spider sneak up behind Ashley . as it move , so do Ashley . she scoops up the tear photo and mutilate bear , dump they in the trash . she turn around to find the giant spider on she bed . she freeze momentarily . ashley ( sotto ) spider ... Mike ... spider ... Ashley see she stun gun be on the dresser . she lunge for it . she 's almost get it . the spider squirt two line of gummy web at Ashley . the glop hit she int he chest , carry she backward . glue she to the wall . int . garage - night Chris finish dress . he face Sam . there be a odd moment as they find themselves stand close . if the circumstance be different they would probably end up kissing . and then they hear ashley' bloodcurdle scream . 58 . int . hallway - night Mike pop out of he door . Sam and Chris run down the hallway . Sam yank open the door to Ashley 's room . int . ashley' room - night Sam , Chris and Mike stand in the doorway stare at a giant spider menace Ashley . the spitter fire another webby blast , stick the girl 's leg to the wall . mike wow ! a scytode spitter ! Chris push past Sam and Mike . he grab a chair and shove it at the spitter like a lion tamer . the spider back off . Sam take off run down the hallway . ashley where be you go ? int . sam' bedroom - night Sam run up to find a gun case . she try to get a shotgun , but find it lock . she do not have the key . Sam grab object in the room and smashes the gun rack to piece . int . ashley' room - night Chris have the chair in one hand to fend off the spider . with the other hand he try to get Ashley out of the webbing . Mike stand nearby read from he cassiopeia . mike the scytode spit a gooey discharge to immobilize they prey . ashley no shit ! the spider hit Chris 's chair with a blast of webbing . the chair be blow from he hand , and stick to the wall . Chris stand weaponless before the spider . ashley use my stun g... Ashley be nail in the face with another blast of goo . mouth seal shut . Chris reach under the bed and push it over on to the spitter . the spider leap clear onto the wall . ( continued ) 59 . continued : mike ( read ) watch its fang ! the spitter 's fang move from side to side as it fire ! CHRIS I will keep that in mind . Chris grab the spitter from behind and drag it off the wall . the spider turn to fight . Chris wrestle it to the ground . he see the fang begin to move from side to side and roll clear of a point- blank web shot . int . sam' bedroom - night Sam take a purposeful step back and launch a spin roundhouse kick that snap the shotgun out of its bind . she grab the bang stick and run from the room . int . ashley' room - night Chris put himself between Ashley and the spider . he look for a weapon . lunge for the scissors , but the spitter nail he with a blast of glue . Chris be flung across the room and stick to the wall by the sleeve of he shirt . he shrug out of it and make another grab for he scissors . he get they . mike get under it ! stab it in the abdomen ! they do not have any armor down there ! CHRIS how be I suppose to do that !? the spider leap at Chris ... and explode in midair . bit of gore shower Chris . he stand to see Sam in the door with she shotgun . Chris be cover in spider gut . CHRIS I be gonna need some new pants . int . live room - night Sam finish load new shell into she shotgun and then pop a fresh clip into she 'mm . Chris come out of the garage wear clean clothes . Sam chuck he the pistol . ( continued ) 60 . continued : SAM ever use one of this ? CHRIS I be a fast learner . Chris try to put the gun in he pocket . and then he waistband . but this damn pants be too tight . Ashley use scissors to cut web out of she hair . mike I tell you ! I tell you all ! but nobody ever listen to Mike ! still think I be crazy , Mom ? SAM I be sorry I do not believe you . Ashley be about to hyperventilate . SAM calm down , baby . ashley there be not enough wine cooler in the world to calm I down ! SAM I will not let anything happen to you . Sam ka-chack a fresh round into she shotgun . CHRIS what other spider do joshua have ? mike spitter , jumper , orb weaver , tarantulas ... CHRIS why could not he keep goldfish like a normal person ? Sam check the phone . it 's dead . SAM we need to warn people . CHRIS how about the radio station ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : SAM good one . we will go to harlan 's . ashley outside ? you want to go outside ? ext . residential STREET - palmer house - night Chris and Sam open the front door of the house . Sam look one way . Chris the other . no giant spider lurking about . Chris and Sam continue onto the lawn . Mike and Ashley watch from the safety of the doorway . they listen to the comforting sound of a summer night . SAM it 's okay ... Mike and Ashley move out of the doorway . join the adult . they move toward the cop car . ext . street ( town ) - night the cop car cruise . the occupant peer out the window . everything appear normal . although no people be visible . ext . harlan' trailer - night Sam , Chris , and the kid move away from the cop car to the door . they be at the far end of town . all appear to be normal . int . harlan' trailer - night harlan be broadcasting . harlan ... I be say the invasion have already occur . the alien be among we . but they have take common form . they hide in plain sight . harlan be startle as Sam and the other enter with gun . SAM we need to make a emergency broadcast . ( continued ) 62 . continued : harlan what happen ? mike giant spider invasion . harlan 's jaw drop . Sam take the microphone . CHRIS what be you go to say ? you can not tell they the truth . SAM ( into microphone ) be this thing on ? hello ? this be Sam palmer . we have a emergency situation . ext . STREET ( town ) - night SAM ( v.o. ) a pack of rabid coyote be loose in town . Wolf spider crawl across rooftop . spitter scale building tarantulas lurk in the shadow . jumper scuttle out of the mineshaft . trapdoors prepare they burrow . int . house - live room - night this funky old couple relax in they lazee - boy . SAM ( v.o. ) they be extremely dangerous . the foreleg of a tarantula reach over the top of the man 's recliner , yanking he clean out . the woman be oblivious as she husband be drag away across the floor . ext . hank and emma's home - night Emma burst out of the front door , scream hysterically . hank be behind she with the sawzall . a wolf spider crawl after they from inside the house . SAM ( v.o. ) Arm yourselves with any weapon you can find . hank raise the see , overextend the power cable . he lose power . drop the see and run for he life . 63. int . barbershop - night floyd and leroy use broom to fend off several wolf spider . SAM ( v.o. ) stay together and head for the mall . int . diner - night a spider eat the chef . the waitress roller - skate away from a arachnid . she jump through the window into the street . ext . house - night a family pile into they mini-van . oblivious to the jumper hide in the " way back . " they close the door and drive off . int . harlan' trailer - night harlan have don a vintage football helmet and pad . CHRIS the mall ? SAM the wall be concrete and the exit have steel gate . we could hold a entire army of giant spider from inside . ashley you just say giant spider on the air . Sam see the microphone be key . harlan now that 's great radio ! SAM not giant spider ! I mean to say ... harlan notice long spider leg pass the window . harlan the alien ! 64 . ext . harlan' trailer - night Sam and the other spill out of the trailer . they head for the cop car . as they get closer , a wolf spider climb onto the car 's roof and gnaw on the light bar . Sam raise she gun to blast it . mike wait , Mom ! the noise will attract more of they ! CHRIS let 's try for the mall . Sam lead the other toward town . ext . MAIN STREET - night Chris and Sam hang onto the panicked kid . harlan bring up the rear . the place be chaos . people be chase by spider . dragge by spider . kill by spider . eaten by spider . CHRIS my truck 's at the museum . SAM you key ? CHRIS in my other pants . mike look out ! the group flee a trio of goo-fire spitter . suddenly a familiar mini-van race past . harlan stop ! take we with you ! harlan try to flag down the speed ride but see ... the van 's occupant be lock in combat with a jumper . the beast be inside they vehicle and tear they to piece . the van crash . ext . power line ( MAIN STREET , town ) - night a group of orb weaver scurry across power line . they hit a transformer , short it out . the entire town be suddenly plunge into darkness . headlights . gunfire . moonlight . spotty illumination for the arachnid ' feed frenzy . 65 . ext . alley ( town ) - night a dumpster . the lid rise slightly . Wade hale peer out from within . he lift the lid higher , oblivious to the wolf spider on top of it . the spider reach down at he . WADE no! please ! the spider be suddenly blown away by Sam and Chris . Wade climb out of the dumpster . WADE thank you ! Chris and Sam move on with the kid . Wade run after they . Mike look at garbage - cover Wade . mike you stink . WADE ( to Ashley ) have you see bret ? ashley he be out at the dune . SAM go ahead . I have get you butt . CHRIS what ? SAM you back ! I have get you back ! Chris give Sam a funny look . maybe gladys be right ... ext . MAIN STREET - night Sam lead she group down toward the mall . other group of survivor do likewise . as they get closer to the mall the group coalesce into one large pack . we recognize deputy pete. fireman Travis . the roller-skating waitress . floyd . leroy . hank. Emma . and many other local . ext . desert ( near mall ) - night Sam and Chris be at the front of the mob with they kid . ( continued ) 66 . continued : suddenly a trapdoor spider pop out of the ground . it grab Travis the fire chief , and pull he under , quickly replace the roof of its de . travis scream underground . mike trapdoors ! they be all around we ! SAM how can we spot they ? Mike consult he cassiopeia . mike I do not download that part ! ashley you dork ! the group wheel at the muffled sound . they see nothing . they hear another muffled scream , and the top of the spider 's de pop up . Travis drag himself out of it . travis help ... I ... please ... he be drag back underground . the group continue toward the mall entrance . suddenly a gun-tote hunter be grab by a trapdoor . he go cyclic , madly firing he gun into the air as he 's drag under . more beast rise out of they dens . reaching for the human . CHRIS keep go ! Chris and the other flee toward the mall . some of they shoot at the spider as they run . leroy be grab by a trapdoor . floyd try to help but the spider plunge its fang into poor leroy , drag he under . the group clear the trapdoor minefield . but some of the spider have vacate they dens and be come after they . 67 . ext . mall entrance - night Chris and Sam and the kid lead just fifteen other survivor to the glass door . the door be lock . Wade pull out a ring of fifty key and fumble with they desperately . ashley there 's someone inside ! the group see norman the dope dealer janitor approach out of the gloom . he 's stare at they all curiously . norman we be close . Sam point she gun at he . norman raise he hand in shock . norman wait ! I have a prescription ! it 's for my glaucoma ! SAM open this goddamn door ! norman yes , mar 'am . norman unlock the door and let the group in . int . mall - night the survivor hustle inside . they lock the glass door behind they . the spider be still come . mike get away from the door ! norman be cool , little dude . they be lock . mike Glass will not stop they ! the spider begin smash through the glass door . Chris and Sam shoot to keep they back . people flee into the mall . SAM the gate ! Close the gate ! ( continued ) 68 . continued : Wade and norman proceed to lower the slotted steel security gate . only problem be : Sam and Chris be on the other side . ashley Mom ! mike hurry up ! Sam and Chris see the gate come down . they run for it and slide underneath just as the gate come down . a massive trapdoor slam up against the metal . but the metal hold . SAM shut the other entrance ! norman and Chris run toward the opposite end of the mall . int . mall - south entrance - night Chris and norman arrive . spider be smashing through the glass . Chris and norman bring the gate down . they back away as more spider slam against the steel . norman trick or treat . Chris and norman head back to join the other . they find ... int . home and garden store ( mall ) - night the survivor gather makeshift weapon . floyd take a chainsaw off the wall . norman practice swinging a heavy sledgehammer , accidentally toppling a stack of paint can . hank stand before a display of circular buzz saw . Chris go to where Sam dole out the few firearm . CHRIS we be seal up at both end . Sam hand Chris a shotgun . he try to get the feel of it . SAM you pump the slide to jack in a fresh round . Point at you target and squeeze . ( continued ) 69 . continued : Chris try it out , pump the slide . a shell fly out the slide of the weapon and hit Wade in the head . WADE watch it ! CHRIS like that ? Sam shake she head and take the gun back . she pull a machete off the wall and hand it to Chris . SAM try not to cut yourself . int . mall - night the place have the feel of a fortress under a siege . Separate group of townspeople be station at the entrance to watch the spider ' every move . int . mall - NORTH entrance - night WADE why do not we see they earlier ? mike for the last time ! they can not handle the sunlight . they be wait in the mine for the sun to go down ! CHRIS then at daybreak they will go back inside . we can walk out the front door . mike we will not make it that long . ashley they be gonna come in after we ? mike they be grow very fast . they need food to sustain that kind of development . hank someone should go out and get help . ( continued ) 70 . continued : emma you go , Sam . SAM me? WADE you be the sheriff . SAM I do not have that many handcuffs . pete what about the police radio ? SAM you be not goin ' back out there , Pete . none of we be . CHRIS Radio shack be full of cell phone . WADE but the signal will not get out of the valley . that 's why we could not sell any of the damn thing . harlan my antenna ... the group look up . the moon - cast shadow of the antenna be visible on the skylight that run the length of the mall . harlan I could climb up to the top . I bet I could get a signal out . WADE great idea . you should do that . CHRIS I will cover you , harlan . int . mall - night Wade lead Chris and harlan toward a access door . Sam stand with she kid . watch . Chris look over he shoulder for one last look . Sam run up to he , give he the shotgun . ( continued ) 71 . continued : SAM be you sure you can handle this ? CHRIS ( be : pants ) while I be go , do you think you could find I a size 32 ? SAM I will do my best . ( a beat ) uhh ... do you want to go out sometime ? dinner ? maybe a movie ? Chris take she in he arm and plant a kiss on she lip . Wade hold open the nearby access door . WADE hey , loverboy ... you have get a town to save . Chris and harlan head out . Sam watch they disappear through the door and then return to the survivor . ashley you be not really go to get he bigger pants be you ? SAM no way . int . mall - access stair - night Wade lead Chris and harlan up a tight staircase . the door at the top be identify as " roof access . " Wade reach the door . the other bunch up behind he . CHRIS do not even think about lock this door . WADE I will be right here wait . Wade slowly open the roof door . ext . mall - roof - night Chris and harlan step onto the roof with they gear . no sign of any spider . ( continued ) 72 . continued : Wade close the door behind they and lock it . Chris and harlan be not happy to hear that lock turn . they sneak across the roof toward the base of the antenna . CHRIS it look clear . harlan start climb . Chris stand guard at the bottom . neither of they see the horde of spider climb up the side of the building toward the roof . int . victoria's secret - mall - night Mike collect perfume . pack it into he pocket like grenade . Ashley be nearby , check out the lingerie . ashley I do not know you wear cologne . mike I do not . it 's spider repellent . Sam step in through the door . SAM let 's stay together , guy . ashley ( hold up a teddy ) can I get this ? SAM move it ! the kid run out to join they mom . after they go ... the grill of a air vent be push open . a huge spitting spider push its way through . drop to the floor . another spider follow . ext . mall - roof - antenna - night harlan be high up on the antenna . he have a cell phone in hand . it still indicate : " no service . " he keep climb . ext . mall - roof - night Chris see spider flood onto the roof . ( continued ) 73. continued : CHRIS we have get company ! he try to cock the shotgun . ejecting a shell out the side . CHRIS this always look so easy on tv ! Chris get it figure out just in time to blast a attack spider . he fade back toward the antenna . shoot . ext . mall - roof - antenna - night harlan check the phone . harlan I have get a signal ! he dial 911 . ext . mall - roof - night Chris be surround by spider . he start climb up the antenna . CHRIS they be come ! ext . mall - roof - antenna - night harlan be on the phone . he hear ... operator ( v.o. ) 911 emergency . harlan I be call from prosperity nevada ! we be be attack by giant spider ! the entire town have be overrun ! Chris yell up to he . CHRIS no ! do not say that ! operator ( v.o. ) this be emergency service . not dial - a-joke . ( continued ) 74 . continued : click . the line goe dead . Chris climb up beside he . he fire several blast at the approach spider . CHRIS what happen ? harlan they do not believe I ! CHRIS what a shock ! try again ! the spider be close in as harlan re-dial . operator ( v.o. ) 911 emergency . harlan there be a massive explosion ! everybody 's dead ! operator ( v.o. ) Sir , you number have be flagge as a source of a crank call . I be afraid I must terminate this conversation . click . harlan she hang up on I ! CHRIS climb ! Chris fire the shotgun . the spider be close in . int . mall - night Sam gaze up at the skylight . she can see the silhouette of Chris and harlan climb the antenna . pursue by spider . SAM ( sotto ) oh my God ... Ashley scream in horror nearby . ashley they be inside ! ( continued ) 75 . continued : Sam whirl to see Ashley point at several spider come out of Victoria 's secret . Sam run over to fight they . WADE over here ! he face off against more spider come through the Home and Garden store . ext . mall - roof - antenna - night harlan be at the top . Chris be a bit lower . the spider be still come . Chris shoot at they . his gun run dry . he flip it around and butt-stroke a approach arac . a spider fire a web at harlan . Nails the poor guy . and drag he off the antenna . harlan fall off the antenna , back toward the spider . Chris reach out and grab he . holding harlan 's hand . CHRIS I have get you ! harlan make eye-contact with Chris . they be both about to be kill unless ... harlan defend the human race ! CHRIS no ! harlan jerk away from Chris 's hand . he cannonballs down into the horde of spider . splatter several of the beast along with himself . Chris throw the useless shotgun at a approach arac and climb even higher . he pull out he machete and begin hack at the guide- wire that hold the antenna upright . the spider close in . Chris slice one wire . the antenna quiver . Chris slice another wire . the antenna shake . int . mall - night deputy Pete be stand with Sam and the kid when he 's jerk off he foot and haul into the maw of a arachnid . ( continued ) 76 . continued : SAM Ashley ! Mike ! she see Mike and Ashley avoid a arac by take refuge inside the tunnel of the jungle gym . Sam fire the gun like Annie Oakley , put spider down leave and right , try to reach she kid . floyd the barber confront a spider with he chain -saw . floyd have a bad hair day ?! the spider charge . floyd slice its leg off . floyd how about a little off the top ! he slice another arac . ext . mall - roof - antenna - night Chris dodge a spider 's webline . several more come at he . CHRIS you be go down ! Chris cut the last wire and hike out over the skylight . the antenna keel over . Chris hang tight as he drop toward the glass . int . mall - night Sam look up to see Chris come crash down through the skylight on the antenna . the antenna tilt in at a sixty degree angle . Chris hang off the end . orb weaver ride they webline down to the floor of the mall . Mike peek out from the top of the jungle gym . he see a hundred spider come in on web . flooding out of the store . the devil-spawn monster be everywhere ! mike arac attack ! Chris leap from the antenna to a nearby web . he slide down it like a pole , squashing the orb weaver at the bottom . Sam run to he side . ( continued ) 77 . continued : SAM do you get help ?! be anybody come !? CHRIS we be on we own ! Sam toss he a gun and they head toward the jungle gym . the waitress roller - skate away from the spider . she slalom clear of several spitter . but get tackle by a jumper . int . mall - jungle gym Ashley and Mike be hide . ashley I can not stay in here ! Ashley start to move out of the tube . she discover the end have be cover with web . she push it . something on the other side push back . Ashley scramble back . Mike be already move . the kid flee through the tube to get away . ashley what be they do ? mike ( check cassiopeia ) they be trapping we like ant in a log ! once they have all the exit block , they will come in through the last one ! they see a way out , head for that exit , only to find a spider come through it . Mike toss one of he perfume grenade at the spider , cover they retreat . another spider come after they through one of the tube . Mike chuck another perfume bottle . the spider cower . mike we have gotta go ! Ashley find a hole that lead to the slide . ashley here ! she start down with Mike close behind . a large spider loom at the end . Ashley try to arrest she slide . but it 's no use . at the last second Sam 's boot kick the arachnid clear . 78 . int . mall - night Ashley and Mike pour out of the slide . Chris and Sam finish off the spider and then run with the kid . Emma run parallel to they across the playground 's sandbox . only to be yank under by a trapdoor spider . hank see this and go after the spider with all he tool . get revenge with a nail gun in each hand . hank it 's tool time ! floyd be still go crazy , slice spider with he chain -saw , he let out a victorious yell until a hungry spider descend on he from above and knock he to the floor . Chris pass a clothing store display Levi 501 . he stop for a moment to look at the jeans . SAM ( o.s. ) Chris ! Chris continue on . all of the survivor meet in the middle of the mall and prepare for custer 's last stand . spider charge from all direction . Mike throw he perfume grenade . Sam and Chris shoot . other use they make- shift weapon . norman pull out a joint and spark it . Mike see this and get a idea . mike where do you grow you weed ?! norman dude , if I tell you , I have to kill you . norman take a hit on he reefer . mike they be go to kill we , you stoner ! norman see the army of spider close in . norman over here ! ( continued ) 79 . continued : norman open a access door . Sam and the other survivor run over and crowd through it . norman shut the door behind they . the group of pursue spider collide and begin rip each other to piece in a feed frenzy . int . mall - access stair - night norman lead the survivor down the tight hallway . WADE where be you take we ? norman to shangri-la . int . mall - basement pot room - night norman lead the survivor into a basement room full of pot paraphernalia . hookah . weed grow in hydroponic unit under battery power light . psychedelic poster . norman you be not go to arrest I for this be you ? SAM not today . the group can hear spider bashing at the upstairs door . WADE ( to norman ) oh great ! now you have trap we ! Chris move to the bottom of the stair . CHRIS we should be able to hold they off for a little while . suddenly a loud banging erupt on the wall behind they . ashley they be come through the wall ! the group tighten up . back to back . ready for the end . suddenly a human hand punch through the wall . CHRIS what the hell ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : bret hale rip through the drywall . filthy but alive . stand in a horizontal mine shaft . he see Sam 's gun point right at he . bret I do not touch she ! I swear ! Sam look at Ashley . ashley do not waste you bullet . Wade embrace he son . WADE I think you be a goner , boy ! Chris step to the open for a closer look at the mine . CHRIS we can get out this way ! ashley be not the spider in there ? mike not until daylight . the banging on the upper door get more intense . norman grab a flashlight and a bunch of battery power grow light from he weed farm . he pass they out to the group . Chris take the flashlight and lead the way into the mine shaft . bret be shocked as the other follow he . the group use the grow light , and flashlight . bret you be go back in there ?! be you all crazy !? WADE come on , bret ! bret no way ! I be not go ! bret be alone in the room as the upper door implode and spider flood downstairs . bret dive through the open . 81 . int . mine tunnel - night bret run past Sam and Chris . Sam fire she shotgun at the first spider that enter the tunnel . her gun click dry . she un-holster she pistol and fire . CHRIS cover I ! SAM what be you go to do ?! Chris use the machete to cleave into the tunnel 's upper support beam . more spider come into the tunnel . Sam fire desperately . Chris keep on hack . SAM hurry ! Sam 's gun click dry . spider charge . Chris swing the machete hard . the roof collapse onto the attack spider . Chris and Sam leap back . landing in a heap . Cloud of dust swirl around they . they be tangle up for a awkward beat . they face just inch from each other ... SAM hold that think . they manage to disengage and move on . int . mine tunnel - night Chris and Sam move toward the bob light of the few remain survivor . WADE we be trap again ! CHRIS at least they can not follow we . SAM which way do we go ? CHRIS I think we be in one of the old tunnel . SAM can you get we out of here ? CHRIS do not worry , Sam . Chris take point with the other follow nervously . 82. int . mine - junction - night a board - up shaft entrance . suddenly the wood splinter . Chris and the other bash through . they file into a slightly more open area with two branching tunnel . the place be stack from floor to ceiling with barrel of toxic waste . CHRIS I do not believe it ... Mike recognize the biohazard warning label he see on the barrel in the drainage ditch . mike I have see one of this before ! ashley what be they ? CHRIS toxic waste . SAM where do you see it , Mike ? mike the creek where joshua get he spider food . there be one in the water . Chris start toward the sloping tunnel . CHRIS we can get out this way ! bret no , we can not . ( turn to Wade ) be not that tunnel block off , dad ? Chris and the other look at Wade . WADE uh ... yeah ... he 's right . we can not get out that way . CHRIS you do this ? WADE I know you would never sell ... we be under my property so ... ( continued ) 83. continued : SAM you put all of we at risk . WADE I do not have a choice ! I be break ! they give I a hundred grand ! Sam punch he . knock Wade to the ground . SAM I think we life be worth a little more than that . CHRIS we be waste time . Chris head toward the only exit available . the other follow . Wade stagger to he foot . stumble after they . int . mine tunnel - night Chris lead the group down a tunnel . they come across bit of vintage mining gear . a string of old light bulb run along the roof into both tunnel . CHRIS one end of this light should be connect to a generator . that will be near the entrance . they continue down the tunnel . enter ... int . mine - tarantula den - night a large cavern . Animal carcass litter the ground . some human remain . Dead pet . Dead ostrich . WADE my bird ! you see , Sam ? I be not lie ! that 's what I can put on the insurance form ... giant spider ! ashley ewww ... what 's that smell ? the other be reacting strongly . ( continued ) 84 . continued : CHRIS methane . this cavern be full of gas . ashley what do that mean ? CHRIS one spark and we be all dead . norman swallow he glow joint . Chris shine he flashlight on a pile of mummy bundle . mike that 's what I be talk about , Chris . present from the male tarantula to the female . bret so the female 's around here ? bret look around nervously . the group move closer . they sine they light on a horrifying sight . joshua 's corpse be a deflate flesh balloon . yellow tooth sneer from a shattered skull . he 's completely desiccate . every ounce of liquid drain away . Mike hide he eye . Ashley comfort he . SAM that one just move ! Chris run over and slice it open with he machete . the web come away to reveal a human hand . CHRIS there 's somebody in here ! Chris cut away more web as the other survivor help . they finally reveal gladys . CHRIS gladys ! the woman 's body begin to spasm . CHRIS gladys , please ... ( to the other ) can anybody help she ?! ( continued ) 85 . continued : suddenly Ashley push she way forward . ashley her breathe be shallow . she 's go into arrest . Ashley proceed with cpr . just like she see on tv . suddenly gladys snap out of it . gasp for air . CHRIS it 's okay . it 's okay . gladys start to get a grip . try to focus on Chris . from this angle Chris look like he have a golden halo . gladys be I ... dead ? CHRIS you be okay . gladys I be not in heaven ? CHRIS no ... gladys then what 's with all the gold ? gladys point behind Chris 's head to the wall of the cavern . the group turn they light on it . the reflection be dazzle . vein of gold criss -cross the cavern wall . WADE gold ! gold ! look ! it 's everywhere ! SAM be it real ? Chris check it out . CHRIS Jesus ... it 's the mother lode ... he be right . my dad be right ... Chris help gladys to she foot . they share a emotional look of recognition . gladys so be you . ( continued ) 86 . continued : Wade chip away at the gold . WADE get as much as you can ! bret look at Ashley . bret Nice work , doc. Ashley acknowledge he . bret chip gold with Wade . Sam put she hand on Ashley 's shoulder . SAM you save my life . Ashley smile . gladys lean over to norman . gladys have you get a smoke , kid ? norman the man say this cavern be full of highly flammable methane gas . I smoke to get high , not to die . SAM spider ! the group see a cluster of normal - size tarantulas scuttling out of the shadow . norman what 's the big deal ? norman step on the close one , grind it under he boot . he stomp around , crush as many as he can . Mike watch this curiously . take a look at one of the squash body . mike I think you should stop . norman why ? mike they do not have hair . they be not fully grow tarantulas . Chris and Sam look over . ( continued ) 87 . continued : mike they be giant baby ! norman freeze . he hear something moving around in the dark . and then a spine chill ... growl . Chris react to the noise . he can guess what 's come ... the female tarantula step out of the shadow . consuela have grow to be as big as a volkswagen microbus . by far the large spider we have see yet . cover in hair . massive eye . her two fang be the size of machete . Mike 's eye go wide at the sight of he old nemesis . mike consuela . CHRIS consuela ? the fur on consuela 's back seem to undulate . there be something weird there . a lot of weird thing . in fact ... she entire back be litter with hundred of baby tarantulas . as consuela advance , she flick several dart -size quill off she belly right into norman . a dark stain spread across the drug dealer 's shirt . norman bummer ... consuela pierce norman with she fang , hold he tight . Babies flood of she back and onto the doper , chew he to piece like ravenous piranhas . CHRIS go! the group flee toward the opposite end of the cavern . a male tarantula drop down to block they escape . Sam blows it away . Wade and bret be still chipping away bit of gold . CHRIS leave it ! WADE so you can keep it all !? Hell no ! Wade get a nugget off the wall . he only have a nanosecond to admire it before consuela suddenly loom behind he . ( continued ) 88. continued : bret dad ! bret reach out toward he father . Wade reach for he . consuela 's fang suddenly protrude from Wade 's chest and he 's haul backward . the tarantula fling Wade into the cave . CHRIS bret , come on ! bret run after the other . but he see consuela fire more quill at the group . directly at Ashley . bret leap into harm 's way . he 's turn into a pin cushion . ashley bret ! Ashley go to he side . bret I be sorry I ... bret die . Sam drag Ashley away from he . int . mine - night the survivor flee along the tunnel . Chris jump up to rip down the string of light bulb from the ceiling . SAM we have to get out ! CHRIS this be we chance to kill they all . Chris smashes the bulb at the end of the strand . CHRIS when the power come on , the bulb will ignite the methane and torch they ! SAM where do you get a idea like that !? Chris look at gladys . gladys I blow up the kitchen . ( continued ) 89 . continued : CHRIS keep go up the tunnel . there should be a generator at the exit . start it up and await for my signal to throw the switch . SAM and the toxic waste ... CHRIS will be bury under ton of rock ! go ! SAM what about you ? CHRIS I need to set the fuse as close to the spider as I can . that should give we time to get clear . Sam and Chris share a brief beat . and then Chris pull down the light , drag they back toward the tarantula 's de . SAM he have a cute butt . do not you think ? gladys u.s.d.a. choice . int . mine - tarantula den - night Chris come through with he light bulb fuse . consuela and she baby be feast on the body of bret and Wade hale . Chris find a vent in the ground . he sprinkle dust over it to identify a faint draft . CHRIS bingo . he position the shattered light bulb beside this gas jet . int . mine tunnel - night Mike help gladys up the tunnel . Sam and Ashley be behind . suddenly a male tarantula step out of the shadow , separate the group . ( continued ) 90 . continued : mike Mom ! SAM keep go ! Sam and Ashley flee down another tunnel . int . mine - tarantula den - night Chris finish prepare the booby trap . he get up to leave . only to find consuela come toward he . CHRIS I hate spider . Chris run out of the cavern . int . mine tunnel - night Chris bail out of the cavern and start run . int . mine tunnel - night Sam and Ashley flee the male tarantula . Sam stumble over something on the ground . it 's bret hale 's lose motorcycle . Ashley look back and see the tarantula come after they . ashley hurry ! Sam lift the motorcycle upright and climb on . she start it and revs the engine . Ashley leap aboard . Sam accelerate along the shaft , away from the spider . the bike 's headlight illuminate they path . the male tarantula scurries after the bike . Sam ride the motorcycle along the shaft . Ashley hang on tight . they have put some distance between themselves and the male tarantula . a dead - end loom before they . Ashley scream as she mom stop on a dime and do a 180 . Sam ride back the way they come , head straight toward the male tarantula . Ashley look over she mother 's shoulder at the giant spider come in the opposite direction . ashley oh shit . ( continued ) 91 . continued : Sam lift the bike into a wheelie as the tarantula near . SAM banzai ! with perfect timing , she bring the front wheel down hard onto the tarantula 's back . crunch ! the spider be roadkill . Sam steer they down another tunnel . ext . mine tunnel exit - near wade's ranch - dawn Mike and gladys gather at a generator just shy of the tunnel exit . Mike try to start the generator . it will not catch . mike it need gas ! gladys there 's a ranch ! gladys head over toward Wade 's ranch . int . mine tunnel - dawn Chris run along the tunnel . consuela charge after he , Chris reach up , smash more light bulb as he run . ext . mine tunnel exit - near wade's ranch - dawn Mike be at the generator as Sam and Ashley ride up on the motorcycle . mike it need gas ! Sam tip over the motorcycle , try to get gas out of the tank . it 's clear this be not go to work . ashley hurry ! int . mine tunnel - dawn Chris run . smash light bulb . consuela close behind . CHRIS start the generator ! 92 . ext . mine tunnel exit - near wade's ranch - dawn mike he 's come ! ashley hurry , Mom ! Sam have dumped some fuel into the generator . she try to start it . it will not turn over . int . mine tunnel - dawn Chris duck as consuela fire quill at he . he keep go . int . mine tunnel exit - dawn Sam see Chris at the bottom of the tunnel . she try to start the generator again but it refuse to cooperate . CHRIS throw the switch ! SAM I do not have any power ! ashley yo , Mom ! Sam turn as Ashley throw she the stun gun . Sam catch it and bring it down to the light bulb cable ... zapping it . int . mine tunnel - dawn as Chris run , the light bulb illuminate sequentially , travel past he into the cavern . int . mine tunnel - dawn a break light bulb spark . the filament ignites the gas-fill tunnel . a ball of flame spread throughout the mine . int . mine - tarantula den - dawn a huge column of flame blast into the chamber . all the gold be illuminate . consuela 's baby be burn like popcorn . 93. ext . mine tunnel exit - near wade's ranch - day Sam look back to see Chris run toward she . consuela be on he heel . the glow of a fireball be right behind they . SAM come on ! Chris look over he shoulder at consuela and the flame . SAM Chris ! Chris make it to Sam just ahead of the conflagration . ext . desert - near wade's ranch - day Sam and Chris dive out of the mine open . a pillar of flame shoot out behind they . Ashley and Mike be nearby . the town be visible just a mile away . ext . town - day the spider retreat from daylight . scuttle back into the building . head down into the mine shaft . int . various mine tunnel - day the chain reaction spread through the mine . jet of flame blast up tunnel . torch any unlucky spider look for a home . rupturing the very earth around they . ext . desert - near wade's ranch - day the earth begins to shake violently . ashley earthquake ! CHRIS no ! it 's a chain reaction ! the whole valley be go to blow ! mike we will never get out in time ! gladys drive up in Wade 's humvee . cigar in mouth . ( continued ) 94 . continued : gladys let 's get the fuck out of here ! the survivor pile into the truck as the town begin to blow up in the distance . Chris be just about to climb aboard when ... a webline shoot out of the nearby mine shaft . consuela life ! the spider be char and bloody . but she 's prime for revenge . Chris be yank off he foot and haul toward she . he fumble for he machete and hack at the webline . cut himself free just before get impale on consuela 's fang . consuela knock away Chris 's machete and lunge down at he . Chris kick she belly with both he foot . consuela begin to shudder . jag crack appear in she char carapace . Chris kick and tear at the fail armor . he think he 's harm the tarantula , but he 's actually help it ! Mike and the other watch from the humvee . mike oh no ... she 's molt ! consuela 's blister shell crack as she shrug the damage skin away from she body . Chris be amaze to see the spider have grow a full size larger and become totally rejuvenate ! consuela come after Chris . he defend himself with the machete . shine steel make contact with the drip fang . once again consuela punt away the machete . she prepare the death blow . it look like curtain for Chris . mike consuela ! no! bad ! bad consuela ! the massive spider stop in shock . Chris look back to see Mike have return . tarantula Pov the familiar multi-perspective spider vision . the tarantula seem to recognize Mike . 95 . back to mike he throw he cassiopeia pda at the spider 's face ... Chris use this moment of confusion to grab he machete and drive it deep into the spider 's unprotect abdomen ... the tarantula scream . Chris leap up and run , scoop up Mike . they dive into the back of the humvee . consuela try to follow but be mortally wounded . she collapse in the dust . the town explode in the b.g . the earth itself begin to collapse . int . humvee - drive across desert - day gladys accelerate as the town sink in the distance . building explode . jet of flame burst upward . the mall be suck into the widen pit of collapse earth . the humvee be just a cart length ahead of a wave of crumble desert . ext . highway - day the humvee reach open road . the survivor watch out the back as prosperity disappear into a massive sinkhole . ext . highway / int . humvee - moving - day the group sit in a long beat of abject shock . and then Chris look down to see he tight pants have finally rip . CHRIS I really need some pants that fit . the group smile . happy to be alive . mike look out ! everyone look to the road ahead . a familiar bunny rabbit hop across the highway . gladys honk and swerve to avoid it . ext . highway - day the bunny get clear as the humvee drive away toward safety . ( continued ) 96 . continued : the rabbit continue its trek for a moment , and then be grab by a large trap - door spider . fade out . the end ?