" El cantante " leon ichaso 's draft oct 07 2005 ( not for distribution ) piece of memories ... be see . like a dream . close up of a pair of hand beat on a conga . a timbales roll ... a abanico . a furious rhythm start . hundred of people keeping the clave with they hand clap . the voice of the singer ...we dont ' see . singer Puerto Rico ... the quiero de gratis ! finger flutter on the keys of a trumpet ... as more percussion and bass cook up the salsa . we hear thunder . and fragment of the face of the singer as lighting strike . extreme close ups of a face , desperate eye . the dark skie . the cheer and boos of fan ... then , a horrible noise : feedback scream .... a electrical malfunction ... and everything turn into a slow motion nightmare . a black screen . complete silence . a pair of beautiful eye OPEN up after the bad memory end . a scratchy cassette . a voice be heard . it 's the whiny unforgettable voice of hector lavoe . one of salsa 's biggest . El cantante de Los cantantes . the singer of singers ... now come out of a old cassette player hector ... you see , I be right here with you ... okay ? int . puchi' 2002 apartment -- day a simple tenement somewhere in the bronx . a picture of hector in he glory day hang on a wall . next to he , a beautiful woman , hold on to he arm . he 's she prize . she be puchi , the love of he life . hector never never leave you mami ... it 's not the same thing as be there with you ... touch you , kissing you ... bueno , I better stop ... just want to tell you over and over I Love you ... and I be right here with you . see I ? happy birthday puchi ... ( sing ) happy ... puchi ( to herself ) ... never leave I ? but you do . she stop the machine . but the pain do not stop . 2 . she walk into frame . stands next to the stereo ... turn the volume up . she listen to the music ... and for a moment do a little sway , try a couple of step , but it hurt and she stop move ... that 's all she break heart can handle on she special day . a abstract blur fill the screen . red color ... bright as blood ... and tropical blue , as the most beautiful ocean . the color move ... slowly come into focus . the flag of puerto rico bob in the air . it 's a cap someone 's wear . a different style of music plays loudly ... it rattles the street with bass and attitude . pounding rap . title begin . ext . new york CITY STREET -- day a young nuyorican kid move through a busy midtown sidewalk . t's 2002 . his whole demeanor , rhythm and style be very uch now . the walk be the bronx - swing thirty year later . CITY animal in he street war uniform . he hip - hop music scream out of a appliance store tell story of rough live and urban anarchy ... and it make the oung man wear the cap feel like he owns life . his and veryone else . he stare back at US , know we be watch im . he know the whole world be watching he . he wink at omeone ... at a woman observe he as he strut out of sight . t's puchi . hhoto < mh fbh xt . store window -- day E now we see she clearly , as she catch she own reflection in the store 's mirrore panel ... she face , lose amongst every electronic gadget imaginable ... and the usual array of NYC souvenir . she stare at herself with the same curiosity as she do when she watch the young man . she like what she see . she look wear and beautifully damage ... someone whose life take as hard as she give ... the eye you own when you have survive every war you have create . she look across the STREET : madison Square Garden ... yeah there be a time . we hear her voice -- as she go inside a much more unknown , forget and near condemn building on a side street . puchi os he do not know how much he have ... never believe how much people love he . a on camera interview ... puchi be look straight through we now . a close up on her face ... a map of the whole doom journey now finish . puchi he have it all ... and he have I . she laugh ... we hear the laughter . yes ... through that laugh we can see there be a time when she have that walk and strut and she owned life herself ... and nothing be go to knock she out of the ring . int . fania record . studio -- day puchi look around the forsaken recording studio , where hundred of hit be once record , now wait silent and empty . she 's be here before . a piano sit in a corner crown with empty can of soda and dust . congas ina corner ... tip sideways . a floor litter with maraca and musical instrument ... and memory . puchi os ... for more than twenty year ... a room that have see better day . puchi be face a small crew of young Latin - music freak ... maybe french-hispanophiles . she smoke nervously , try to glamorize she last fifteen minute in the spotlight . puchi be it love ? what be ? one thing I know ; it be special ... and when you look at we , you see something ... so maybe it be . I think so . I do . ( she eye come alive ) we life be like a dream ... ( to camera ) yeah ... I know what you be think . int . bathroom -- day a ivory princess phone ringing be off the hook . the light flicker from the candle on the edge of the marble sink and bathtub . K.C. 's " get down tonight " kick in as two perfectly pedicure foot with fire red toenail stretch out of the bubbles . one foot clasp around the tub chain and pull the plug . the shadowy outline of the woman step out of the tub , grab a towel , and rap it around she voluptuous body . int . bedroom -- day a lavishly furnish bedroom . the wardrobe and accessory for the night be laid out on either side of the bed . valentino dress , black silk panty , bra on one side . gold cartier lighter , monogramm leather cigar case , she cigar in it , jewelry , fur , purse on the other . the woman , now dress to kill , stand in front of a full length mirror . she put on a gold i.d. necklace , the name puchi be spell in diamond . puchi os be it good love ? well , that 's another story .. puchi give she devastating beauty a final look of approval then walk out , grab a man' white suit off the door hanger on the way . a quick flash : int . fania record -- day ( 2002 ) puchi quickly walk down a dilapidated hallway . yesterday 's gold record and artwork decorate the wall . she go to another door , open it . back to scene ( 55 STREET apt ) disco music blare out of the room . a handsome puerto-rican man in he late thirty , be startle by she . his name be cookie . a combination of many task and no specific job . he grab a jacket , check he watch and prepare for a ugly mission . puchi let 's go . int . 55 th ST . apt . live room - day poster of band on the wall . a teen - ager stare she down , it 's she son tito . a handsome , defiant young man . puchi ( to the kid ) I do not wanna go out look for you too when we come home , okay ? the man-kid ignore she as best as he can . a flash of puchi today ... ( interview ) as she close she eye , as if that one memory still burn . back to scene ext . high rise apt ( 55 ST ) . build - day puchi and Cookie walk out of the building up to a wait limo . ext . 9 th STREET & ave C -- night another world . junkies and predator move through the trash ride street of loisaida . the place stink of death and danger . puchi os Love be never perfect when it 's real love ... the limo turn the corner off Ave . D onto 9th Street and stop in front of a squatter tenement build . ext . tenement - continuous puchi walk right up the step , to a scary , intimidating lookout guy at the entrance . she stare he down . he move . int . tenement hallway - moment later puchi pass by the junkies wait in line . do not even see they . puchi os we be mean for each other for better or worse . we both know that . int . tenement - second floor hallway - moment later a very determine puchi strut down the abandon dirty hall . another lookout guy move aside as he eye register recognition when he hear the steady click of high heel approach . puchi os ... and I do not mean it like today 's soulmate type of shit ... nah . int . shoot gallery - continuous Three unshaven , stone men , dress in dirty sweat suit sit on a couch , one wear sunglass . the table in front of they be cover with drug gear puchi os it be old fashioned love . it be good , it be bad , it be beautiful . puchi strut in . everyone freeze except the guy wear the sunglass , who wave ... and smile , unable to disguise the absurdity of play dead with so much to live for it 's hector . just a tad surprised . hector hi , honey ... int . limo - later the limo fly uptown . puchi and Cookie get to work on hector like a make over pit Crew . off come the stinky run jacket . out come a electric shaver , hair brush toothbrush ... hector you know I love you ... puchi yeah ... you always love I when you be high . hector yeah ... but I be always high ! puchi pull out a coke vial .... as the limo take a fast turn she end up on top of he ... and so do the coke . white powder all over he face . puchi look at she hector , lick he cheek and mouth jokingly ... she smile proudly at the craziness of it all . puchi look at you . he smile back ... snort up the rest of the powder spill . hector look at you . int . back stage office - later jerry masucci , a bearded italian play nervously with the gold chain around he neck .... ready to strangle himself with they . jerry it 's not he fault ... it 's yours ... and you be my fault . but this be the last time he do this . he point he finger at ralph , a stocky mulatto skinned bald man . rican and slick . Ralph 's on the phone . he listen , hang up . ralph ( grin ) elvis be in the building . int . arena hallway -- night people rush down a long corridor . the intro to " El cantante " be hear from the stage as we man walk down the corridor , everyone slapping he on the back , like a boxer go into the ring . ralph move ! move ! let the man through ! int . madison square garden stage -- night hector enter stage , as casual as step into he live room . as he turn , he see what await he : 20,000 fan cheer . they stand up for he as he shuffles to center stage . man ( sing ) yo soy , hector lavoe and ... ( with a grin ) I be here ! thunderous applause follow . the band go into second gear as he continue to sing . hector make it . he take a glance off stage , to the wing , he sees puchi . he smile at she . the world be he ... tonight . he kick into the first verse of : " El cantante " . hector singing " yo , soy el cantante ... " the face in the audience : sheer adulation . ( stock footage from that day ) hector spread he arm to he thousand of ador fan . the puerto rican flag spread out in the balcony . the crowd cheer as the flag dance ... a subtle but define political party , live from New York City . puchi os the more he grow as a artist , the deeper he sink as a person , as a human be ... but they love he . all he fault and trouble .... only make he more like one of they ... the music echoes away ... as the flashback end . a poster from that date , hang on a wall ... the past be long go , we be in ... int . fania record -- day interview no one be clap now as she build up the courage to tell the story in she mind . whatever that be . puchi he be the singer for he father 's band since he be a kid ... they play all over the city of Ponce ... X - mas party , wedding , etc . his father ( more ) puchi ( cont 'd ) love he and be very supportive ... he mother die when he be three ... but he would talk about she as if she be still alive ... he never accept the fact that she be go . hector never have it hard ... that be the problem . he make it hard for himself because it have all be too easy . she smile , as if there be only one reason for everything she do now day . look around room , see he everywhere . interviwer os what be you think about ? caught . puchi what do you think ? him ... it 's always he . the room fall quiet . this be part of the story . puchi os ( a sigh ) he never go away ... maybe it 's just my fuck guilt . we see puchi peek through the glass inside the SOUND booth . it 's like walk through the Titanic ... death everywhere . no one will ever return to this musical tomb . a lonely microphone stand in the middle of the room ... waiting for a singer , suddenly ... we hear hector' voice ... hector " .,.recuerdas que , caminando por las calle de San Juan ... ext . old world style courtyard / san juan -- night ( a gig with he father 's band ... ) back home in Puerto Rico , hector and he father be sing a duet . hector play guitar . a bolero plays ... angel sing . it 's a family reunion . a Spanish guitar and a beautiful song , panchito riset 's " " blancas azucena " . a love story of lover split when one of they leave the island and go to New York . a classic San Juan / New York tale of immigration break love in two . later to become sort of a love theme . hector / father ( sing ) ... aun guardo las dos blancas azucena , que I diste hasta despedirte de mis ... " family be watch the magic moment . as the song end in beautiful harmony of the two man ... hector hug the old man with a beautiful voice ( cheo feliciano ) ... with a smile on he face , as he see hector enjoy the cheer . the old man turn to hector and without skip a beat whisper ... totally unexpectedly . father if you go to New York ... just imagine I die . I already lose one son ... and I be not go to lose another one . it will be you who lose a father ... understand ? ( to a woman nearby ) awilda , how 'bout a beer for a loving man ? he walk away . leave hector shattered . no one around notice the exchange . hector turn white . it 's the nicest threat anyone ever say to he . tonight it 's he father just tell he 'how serious ' a felony it would be for hector to go north . he get up himself and walk away from the stage , only the sound of the coquis be hear out there in the darkness ... a blast of new york CITY ... ext . manhattan street -- day / night the old day in all it 's splendor . tad 's Steak , tie City , the metropole Cafe , automat , theater light , penny arcade etc . time square in the sixty ... a naive version of sin . ( stock ) hector 's in heaven . ext . hunt' point casino - back stage door -- night just as a band boy carry a trombone case from a van inside the stage door , hector stroll up . mister casual . he see one of they . a young man we know , a young , confident Cookie , way before life have turn he into a punchy boxer that never fight a fight . hector hey , man , you need some help ? cookie ( look around ) yeah ... hurry up . 10 . Cookie grab a conga out of the back . hector do the same . he follow the band boy in . Cookie wink a eye at hector in and free . int . club -- night a tropical paradise in the asphalt jungle . the dance floor pack with beautiful , young nuyoricans dance to live salsa music . larry harlow , a hot new band , play they ass off . hector notice a stunningly beautiful woman dance by herself on the dance floor ... as if dance with each member of the band and busy with every guy in the house . it 's puchi . younger but never too innocent . hector see she , like he dream ... a vision he have to look away from , cause she can not be real . puchi only see a geeky look guy drool like he should . hector I think you be with the band ? cookie so do I ... be not you ? they both laugh . a hop up cat wear a silver shark skin suit spot Cookie . it 's papo , he happen to be puchi 's hoodlum brother . he flash a gold tooth smile of a warning at hector ... who be hypnotize by the Music and the scene . hector salsa ? cookie that 's what they call it here in New York . salsa ... it 's a mix of mambo , bomba , Son ... charanga . it 's like a revolution cooking , bro . everybody be into it . welcome to New York bro ! hector nod ...yes , this be better than what he always dream of hector wake up ... as a woman scream : woman os hector wake up !!! int . priscillla's apt . -- day linoleum , and plastic cover seat . he bolt out of he dream . his sister priscilla , stand by the sofa where he sleep . 11 . priscilla I be give you two more week , you hear I ? hector nod . priscilla ( cont 'd ) two week to get a job or you go back to Puerto Rico . you understand ? hector what do I do ? wha vhappen ? priscilla I be serious . I do not want dad to disown I too . okay ? hector sit up . confront she as much as you can when you be only wear baggy short and a pajama top . hector I be here to be a singer Priscilla , not to prove my father wrong . I will have a job so fast , you wont even know I have a job . you will be ask " where be he ?... where be he ...?'. and I ...? you will see . a subway rattle by ... ext . nightclub -- night a seedy look storefront underneath the train in a 125th Street . they walk inside the old nightclub . cookie look , this be my friend . the subways rattles by . hector look up , startle . hector I better get a job or I be fly back on Eastern Airlines ... you tell they about I ? hector belt out a couple of line from a song . cookie shit , man ... you gotta good voice . this be the best time for you to be in New York . but do not get any idea . they already have a singer . just enjoy the show , man . int . nightclub -- night the place be half - empty , a sextet be play , vamp into a song and without a singer . 12. the musician look a little nervous as they look around for they vocalist . the band be play " tus ojos " . a fidgety hector be stand nearby ... sing the song to himself , but loud enough to be hear . the leader of the band see Cookie , who point to hector ... imply 'he can do it ... he can fill in ' . the guy wave he over . cookie hector ... mira man ... hector I know that song better than anyone here tonight . cookie you better . it 's now or never panita . hector do the sign of the cross as he make he way through the crowd as the leader heat up the band and introduce hector . band leader you be ready out there for a surprise ? Cookie want to die , as hector walk up to the stage to show the world . the band start it up and all it take be one minute for hector to own the song . hector okay...okay. ( confident ) como esta mis gente esta noche ... esperandome , right ? I be here . hector stay on the stage and steal the show . interview - int . fania record -- day puchi play with a gold chain she 's wear . tries not to look at the camera in front of she puchi ... that 's how we say in Spanish when you be bless ... you know ... some people struggle for year ... not he ... it 's like he always know it be go to happen ... that he would make it ... ( the gold cross in between she finger ) this be he ... that first time I see he , he be the most ridiculous guy in the place ... but the only one ( more ) 13 . puchi ( cont 'd ) who bring I a present ... he do not even know I ... but he have manners that old fashioned thing ... I love that . ( to camera ) you know , it 's my birthday today ? interviwer os happy birthday . a joe cuba boogaloo blast . the music be come from ... ext . lower east side . rooftop -- day like a garden for Puerto-Ricans . the city light in the back as the sun go down . all the money in the world could not buy you this . a boogaloo line be on full swing . it 's dirty dance a lot dirtier . hot nuyorican beauty . hector have step in the new West side Story , dress in a 100 % polyester . he think he look cool in he bond 's naguahyde leather jacket that you could make a sofa today with it ... jibaro hick in the thick of the sixties meet the latin thing . Joe Cuba play on the stereo " bang bang " . his eye go straight to a girl in the dance line , it 's puchi , the girl from the nightclub . she see he ... and kind of laugh when they eye meet . Little mockery in the way she throw she head back to the music . hector take it well . laugh be a good thing . she 's easily the best dancer in the room and she let hector see for himself . it 's a music video ahead of it 's time . the latino hoodlum we have see earlier be there ... he 's carry a birthday cake with light candle and move all the way in front of puchi .... the music be lower as the brother start sing and so doe hector , with the best version of happy birthday in the lower East side . later hector pretend he 's not alone , when he see puchi walk towards he , like a vision . he 's like a hunter who see the big game come to he , but can not shoot . he 's go to let the animal eat he alive . once at close range , he smile at puchi for the first time . hector hello there ... happy happy birthday ... sorry I do not remember you name ... puchi stare at hector , the look you give a big square hick fresh off the island . 14 . puchi be you in the right apartment ? hector I think so ... handing she a present . puchi for I ? who invite you ? hector look around , maybe he 's at the wrong place . she open the present . puchi ( cont 'd ) ( surprised ) chocolate , how sweet . maybe he 's at the wrong apartment . puchi ( cont 'd ) my brother tell I about you . ... you be a actor ? not too famous right ? hector grin sheepishly puchi ( cont 'd ) I know you ... you be trini Lopez ... right ? hector ( mexican accent ) that 's right ... he manage a little smile from she puchi you be the singer , my brother say you be a Singer ... right ? well , you be ... hector nod humbly . cut in . hector bueno...yeah .... I be . everyone 's always talk about puchi this ... and puchi that . and you ...? what do you do ? you be the famous one . puchi I ? I listen . hector that 's all I need to sing my best ... a good pair of ... ( eyeing she ) ...ear . 15 . puchi you be funny ... but you pants be even funnier . he check himself out . he 's the only hick in the room wear polyester plaid pants . she laugh . hector ( little surprised ) they be four dollar pants . tu ere mala ! puchi mala ? ( flirt ) I be just be I , not mean ... honest . honesty be a virtue , right ? hector look , lie to I , tell I this be the most beautiful pants you have ever see ... cause you know what ... they be the only one I get ... and unless be okay to take they off ... I be gonna have to wear they al night long . puchi you will ? she blushes . hector bend in pain hearing the tease ... papo join they briefly . light a joint . before hector can even say hello , he 's be hand a joint . papo ( to hector ) lady first ... hector no ... I do not ... puchi go for the joint , papo give the joint right to hector . papo ( to puchi ) you smoke in front of I and I will kill you . .. ( to hector ) do you ? hector okay . ( take it ) thank you . papo walk away . 16 . hector study the joint . first joint in he life . he take a drag and blow it right out . puchi look on . puchi not like a cigarette , man ... ( surprised ) you have never smoke have you ...? hector fear what to say next , he will do whatever he 's get to do to keep she next to he . puchi ( cont 'd ) mira ... watch I ... ( without a joint ) ... look , you be suppose to hold it inside . she mimic a smoking lesson specially for hector . it 's almost a sexual act . hector watch fascinate . hector wow ! here ... let I try it again ... I think I get the rhythm of it ... he do it , like a good little student . in ...and out ... and in and out ... a turbo-giant toke that he can not hold .... get into a coughing fit ... have to hold on to puchi . pass the joint to she , she do not want it . later at the party the night be wind down . puchi and hector be slow dance to the casino 's great love song " then you can tell I good bye " . int . papo' apt . - night the two of they slow dance around they in the funky live room . hector ( eye close ) ... far out , right ? hector look blitze ....' arrebatao ' . they be now alone in the once crowded room . hector be only wear he short . and shirt . puchi be fully dress . his plaid pants over the sofa . his head in the song : song " . ,.. kiss I each morning for a million year ... hold I each evening , by you side ... and if it do not work ... then you can tell I goodbye ... " but it will work out ... for the next 15 year of the tune . 17 . it 's all romantic and beautiful until puchi notice hector 's romantic face be turn blue , green , ash and he 's lose he balance and he lean closer and closer to she ... almost fall over she . she pull he back , to check he ... he 's about to pass out . she hold he up , to save he from go backwards and over the sofa . puchi not in the sofa ...! int . bathroom -- night hector be be revive by puchi , as he struggle over the toilet , glance at she ... not sure of who she be or where he be or why ? a comical but define moment in they life . hector waste , puchi to the rescue . puchi come on ... be you okay ? what 's you name papi ... come on , I do not want you to die without know you name . hector hector perezzz ....... puchi do not die on I baby ... not on my birthday ... promise ? hector I prom ... ( he can not finish the promise ) he manage a smile from the dead ... stare at she ... happy to be die in the arm of the most beautiful woman human eye ever laid whatever on . happy dead . she look at he ... smile again , come back to life , gesture with he chin ... something ... what ? puchi you need mouth to mouth ... resuscitation ? be that it ... he nod ... yes . she just laugh . he shake he head ... he will die if he do not get it ... or die if he do . from the bottom of this bathroom floor tonight and as dizzy as he be , he be a happy man . ext . tuxedo CITY -- day mannequin dress in every imaginable bad suit in the world . hector and Cookie land by the window of the place . cookie look at that baby blue tux . 18 . a badly hang over hector explain to he friend Cookie . hector I can not look ... hector take a glance at the wigge - mustachioe mannequin have to look away ... the l-train rattles above they . hector ( cont 'd ) I wake up in she arm , man . beautiful . she take care of business ... cookie what kind of business ? come up with a lie , a improvisation ... a inspiration . hector ... the welfare of a man ... dizzy with desire ... and pass out with passion ... she give I life back . cookie that good ? hector no . that bad . I drank , I smoke , I dance and then ... I throw up all over the poor girl ... I doubt if she will ever see I again ... I would not . they stop before go inside . cookie you throw up ? she will . puerto- rican girl love that savior shit bro ... you be in . do you really vomit ? hector nod . hector you deaf or something ? I say I vomit ... I be so high and dizzy ... I do not wanna do that shit again ! ( be : a suit he like ) I want the green one . cookie pliz ! hector one minute I be in floor with a goddess ... next thing , I be die in she arm ! my luck ... 19 . cookie that 's good . that 's the best impression you can make with Spanish girl ... be be sick . matrimonio brother ! you vomit you marry . they be natural bear nurse ... hector ... I wake up in the subway ... I ride from Manhattan to the bronx four or five time , until a cop wake I up ... the sun in my face ... friend that 's love . it 's in the marriage brochure for outside of the island romance ! you have be rescue , man .... hector you high already ? cookie nod a ' guilty with pleasure ' ' yes ' . hector ( cont 'd ) how be I go to see she again ? she like I ! cookie you be almost famous , bro . she will find you ... find we . int . hunt point casino -- night the show be wild . the energy be intense as hector sing a upbeat salsa tune ... and old tejedor classic : " escandalo " . his charisma with the now - pack - house be mesmerize . a chorus line of beautiful girl dance in front of the band ... instant groupies latino style . but puchi be the prettiest . hector be dress in the green suit we see earlier . he sing to puchi , who dance she way to the front of the stage with another girl , she sister zaida , another stunner , both dress in mini skirt and go-go boot . puchi put on a show . the other girl do not have a chance , as she elbow and bump ' accidentally ' at the other ... to stake she claim ... and drive hector crazy . he shake he maraca at she ... and she shake back . it make he laugh and it get he down from the stage and wrap himself around she ... at another table johnny pacheco , thirty , goateed and handsome and willie colon , eighteen , skinny and dangerous , sit at a table watch hector and the crowd with interest . Willie 's yesterday 's gangsta . 20 . 100 % attitude , but he smile let it know that he really like this new guy hector . int . club - later hector step down after he set and be immediately swarm by girl . hector ( yell over music ) buenas noches lady ! you mind if we sit here with you ? before any of they can answer , Cookie sit , puchi turn around and see hector . puchi hello there ... be this a coincidence ? hector move he chair closer to one to puchi . hector what do you think ? he wipe he glass off on he shirt , put they back on . hector ( cont 'd ) how do I look to you ? like a coincidence ? he 's wear the green tux . puchi you look ... like you still need a fashion consultant . you look like a palm tree . where do you get this outfit ? hector be a rental ... from Radio City . they both laugh . ext . empty roof -- night hector climb up from the fire escape onto the roof , guitar in hand . a few dog bark . he see puchi 's window light ... she silhouette walk by . he let out a song ... hector ( discuss new song ) " the most beautiful sound I ever hear ... puchi... puchi... puchi...1 I just meet a girl name puchi ... " she come out the window . see hector play tony for she ... it make she so happy , he 's such a fool in love and so be she . she wave at he ... to wait , she will come down . 21 . interview flash ... puchi 2002 . puchi he be funny . corny . no one I know do any of that . romantic ... yeah he be very romantic ... that first time together be pretty impressive ... yeah ... he go all out for I . ext . side STREET -- night Cookie 's chevy impala 's , park under a break street lamp , shake like a subway car puchi os only the best ... int . car -- night hector be on top as they make love on the tear back seat . puchi ( breathlessly ) oh , it hurt ... it hurt ... hector what ?... what ?...me? puchi no , the back seat ... hector hold onto she as he flip her over on top . she smile with relief , grab he with she right hand and start give he a hand job , winking at he , then start to wildly ride he . puchi ( cont 'd ) ( on fire ) I can not fuckin ' believe this ... ext . east side highway park -- night under the Brooklyn Bridge . they be sit in a small park bench . smoke the cigarette after puchi I do not do this with anyone . hector I hope not . puchi I do not . I bet when you become famous you will not even talk to I . hector be you kid I ? I be in love with you already ... and I do not even know you . 22 . he stop she laughter with kiss . she purr , kiss he back . puchi what 's the first thing you gonna do ? hector when ? puchi when you become famous , silly . hector think as he watch the light reflect in the river . hector why be so sure I be gonna become famous ? puchi I know about this thing . hector decide to think about it . hector okay . have a family ... and buy a brand new cadillac . then we will not have to make love in that old piece of shit ... you need a tetanus shot to ride that junk ! she laugh . he kiss she , tenderly ... we hear music come from somewhere ... hector os ( sing ) ... ever since that night , we have be together ... lover at first sight ... ext . fifth avenue & 23rd STREET . flat iron build -- night the end of another night ... and not a bad night at all . the sun be come up as hector stroll down the empty street sing to the city .... still sing . he 's a man in love and in luck ... and there 's no better feel . hector " , , . stranger in the night , two lonely people ... we be stranger in the night ... " a taxi turn a corner from behind he ... headlight spot hector on he ' street stage ' , he turn , open he arm to the cab ... he silhouette against the city light . he 's arrive . 23 . hector ( cont 'd ) dooby doo be dooo ..... the cab stop . hector ( cont 'd ) hey , brother ... you spic'ingli ? Si ...? ' panita ' , can you make it to the bronx for $ 2.50 ? it 's all I get . a full band kick in and plays ... int . hunt point casino -- night Frank Sinatra never sound this hot . hector finishes singing ...his salsafy version of " Stranger 's in the night " . the club be full , he 's bring in the crowd ... and bring in other musician and producer as well . hector singing ... in love forever , it turn so right ... for stranger in the night ... " ( soneo ) johnny Pacheco and Willie colon be here again . later the good guy and the bad guy . Willie with he shade on , a good guy live the thug life ... and Pacheco , the teacher they guide through the new sound everyone be call salsa . hector be surprised they keep come back . he walk straight to they table . hector you guy gotta be lose or something ? be you ? Willie make no effort to shake hector 's hand . johnny do . johnny ( broad smile ) not at all , man . como esta , my name be johnny Pacheco from ... hector ( amused ) ... from fania record . I know . johnny I have be hearing a lot about you we have check you out . you be good man , you be really good . Willie study hector , sip he drink , pretend to be unimpress . 24 . hector gracias , gracias . ( to Willie ) I know you too . Willie colon . un placer . hector ( cont 'd ) tremendo trombone ... no saxophone ... I like that ... I encanta ...tu ere muy bueno , ' man ' ... chevere . Willie nod as he shake hector 's hand . willie thanks . I do not speak Spanish . I like you too , bro . hector pero tu ere Spanish ? Willie nod ' yes ' . hector ( cont 'd ) vaya ! johnny smile , see they be get along . at the table later johnny hold court . hector and Willie listen attentively . johnny ( dramatically ) do you guy believe in destiny ? he lean into the table , motion they to do the same . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( almost whisper ) well I do . I believe destiny have bring we to this club , to this very table tonight . ( beat ) I believe that you two guy have be destine to perform together . I believe that together , you will take this town by storm . he look from Willie to hector . johnny ( cont 'd ) you both have what the other one need . the young one shake they head at that . 25 . johnny ( cont 'd ) sound good ? hector smile at the sound of that ... hector ( to johnny ) you be a psychic ... everybody seem to know something about my future I do not . you be that sure ? Willie smirk he bad boy smile . hector pick it right up . willie I am. ( to johnny ) you have anymore grass ? int . priscillla's apt . -- night a quiet dinner with big sister , who be check puchi out , protect little brother . hector this be the best ' habichuelas ' in life baby ... that 's why I still live here ... who want to leave ? Priscilla serve puchi , who try to be noble and lady like ... but suspect the line of question . priscilla where be you bear in the island ? puchi I be bear in this island . priscilla here ? puchi yeah ... never even visit Puerto Rico ... never see a real palm tree . hector but now she 's get I . Palm tree ... beach ... mofongo in person . you eat this habichuelas and you Spanish start come back to you . it 's like berlitz dining . they laugh ... but still , it seem a point of contention that puchi be a nuyorican . she get it . puchi maybe one day I will make it to Puerto Rico . ( more ) 26 . puchi ( cont 'd ) ( look at hector ) I will get there . hector take she hand . hector you be there , mami ... next you meet my father . kiss she hand . priscilla we be from Ponce . all of we family still life there . I and hector be the only one here . how long have you guy know each other ? puchi day ... hector but we be destiny , sis . it 's he own joke . it 's quiet for moment while they eat . puchi this be delicious ... be they goya ? Priscilla smile . priscilla all you family here ? puchi nod . priscilla ( cont 'd ) oh ... what do you family do ? put she fork down . puchi sell dope ... what be this ? you be with the FBI or something ... I come here to eat , not to be grill . she get up ... ready to walk out . hector bolt out of he chair ... laugh , make light of it . hector no no ... Priscilla be with the Ponce police ... come on sweetie ... it 's cool ... puchi what do you mean ' it 's cool ' ... whose side be you on ? ( more ) 27 . puchi ( cont 'd ) ( to Priscilla ) and you ? what make you so ... different than I ... you british ? gimme a break ! Priscilla back off ... even hector 's silent now . priscilla sorry ... I be not try to come on that way ... I be just do what a mother , sister , father , have to do ... do not take it like that ... sit down let 's eat ... we will fight later int . subway station -- day hector look pretty spruce up ... check himself . New bell - bottom , paisley shirt , etc . Cookie be briefing hector about someone he 's about to meet . a express train go by , spook hector as it roar through the station , but he 's get the hang of it . cookie Jerry use to be a cop , become a lawyer and now he 's a thief . stealing every Latin musician blind ... but he 's all we get . that 's all I gotta say . ( finger on he right eye ) be careful . int . fania record -- day ( the same fania office we have see before , but now in better day . ) jerry masucci , bearded italian , forty , fiddle with he gold neck chain and look at he watch repeatedly . a biz meeting , hector be be sign etc . jerry we have big plan for you and Willie . but something else have to be decide on ... he notice the seriousness of they face . like some crisis that have to be deal with soon , before it get any worst . hector be a little lose right now . jerry ( cont 'd ) start with a record follow by a tour . now , do you have a lawyer ? hector ( nodd to Cookie ) yeah , sure I do . 28. johnny have he go over this contract . johnny pass the contract over to hector they look on with intrigue as hector appear to be carefully go over the document himself . hector they be good . get a pen ? johnny hand a pen to hector who sign with a crazy grin . hector ( cont 'd ) ( as he sign ) hectorrr ... pe ...rezzzz ! Jerry and johnny look at he shocked but sure as hell do not try to stop he . they be very pleased . jerry ( keep he professional composure ) now , there be one more thing , and we all give this a lot of think ... hector something I do ? Pacheco nod ' no ' masucci that name 's gotta go ... hector do not know who they be talk about . hector who 's gotta go ? masucci you ... you name . it do not mean a thing . hector Perez ? masucci yes , Perez . it 's a unemployment line name ... you gotta have a name that unemployment line look up at . very politically incorrect . hector like what ? masucci lavoe ... 29 . hector la...que ? pacheco ( pipe in ) lavoe ... ' the voice ' . hector think , look around the table . this mean a lot to all the money people ... so , what the hell . hector lavoe . wo not the people think I be french ? masucci start to explain , but notice hector be put all of they on . they all laugh . the music start ... as the sound and the voice in the scene fade ... a trombone solo rip up in New York somewhere ... follow by conga and more drum and a band in full throttle ... play for they life . a new sound baptize as salsa be be bear in the studio tonight . a mix of mambo , cumbia ... rumba , jazz , bomba , cha cha ... all of it together like a gumbo : a sauce ... salsa . int . fania record . studio -- night ( this be the same studio we've see before , abandoned and dead ... now prosperous and new ) here , history be be make inside .. though they might not know it , the magic be in the air and each musician play furiously and freely . it 's a session that will change Latin Music . series of shot hector sing in the SOUND booth at fania studios . the coro of singers ... like soldier ... fire up after the montuno . midtown rooftop ... hector and puchi be making love on the rooftop of the studio . underneath the water tower , with the city watch ... he tell she . hector do you know how much I love you ? she nod . puchi no ... tell I . hector well , look out there ... see everyone of that little light ... 30 . puchi ( teasing he ) the window ...? hugging she . hector baby , the star ... they be shine for you ... say : ' puchi , I love you like no one 's ever love you ... baby , I love you '... and every night you look at they , they will be there ... say the same thing . puchi really ? I hear that in the ' novela ' the other night ... they laugh and kiss . back to scene Willie tear he heart out with a trombone that speak every language in life . hand play the congas so fast timbales roll up the dance thunder ... a electric bass pump the ' new move ' . hector singing ... puchi watch . Willie and hector sing harmony ... a special moment as we see this two guy sing into one microphone ... they eye connect , light up with that special sync , like you be ador a invisible God that stand between they .. so they do not electrify one another to death : it 's the rapture of the Music . ( if you have see it , it 's like watch two lover 's make magic ) the tape roll ... int . fania record . studio -- night suddenly the studio look empty . end of the session . the song be playing , but all the musician be either lie on the floor or inside the booth listen . Willie sit close to the sound engineer .... outside in the studio , we see hector ... like the crazy person he be , talk to himself . hector see what you son be do mami ... not bad , tell dad about it , okay ... he listen to you . puchi see he . understand he . music montage 31 . he pace , sing to himself . listen to the playback of he first song ever record . his first to be a hit . " EL malo " . " que lio " , " che che Cole " , etc . he dance with puchi inside the empty studio ... lose in the moment . salsa Heaven on Earth . ( a gimme shelter ( " Wild horse " ) style scene - in a way it 's like a scene out of a Rolling Stones recording ... same drive , same day , young people make music no one 's hear before . good drug , beautiful woman , youth ... and that feel when you know you got something righteous go . --a peek into the life of a song ... and be young and eternal ) the music segue over ... ext . abandoned dock -- day ( under the Brooklyn Bridge or downtown Beach St alley ) hector and Willie be both dress like old - fashioned gangster . with gun and a old hoodlum car next to they . they be shoot the album cover for the cover of " EL malo " live so much in this moment , with they gun and admire woman and flashing cameras and a future .... yes ... the good time be never go to end . hector not bad ... Willie adjust he Al capone hat . swagger closer to the roll royce . he 's in a marijuana sixty latitude . heavy and ... heavy . profound street justice talk . willie ( smoking ) crime pay hector ... ( cough ) this be ' nuestra cosa '...our Latin thing . hector ( confuse ) I be just talk ' in character ' ... you know ? willie I be not . camera flash ... he see a beautiful face in between the blind light : puchi , arrive to the shoot , grin happily when she see hector dress like Zorro from Chicago . she bring a smile to he face ... photographer os hector ... come on , you gotta look bad , man ... tough ... come on ! 32 . they can not help to bring out they best in each other once in a while , like now . with a lust so strong , it 's scare you blind . Willie keep mumble ... willie ( in the background , still waxing poetic ) it 's gonna be good to be nuyorican hold up a trombone instead or a tray or a hotel elevator ... a needle be place on a 33rpm album . " juana pena " play over ... black . " 4969 " montage - cross CUT with concert shot ... 8 mm home movie . tour footage . ext . HOTEL pool -- night miami . hector , Willie and band have a drunken , rowdy pool party amongst normal guest . the manager come , Willie toss he in the pool . Shots of life on the road . a collection of fun memory . int . HOTEL room -- night a transistor radio play Jose feliciano 's hit " California dreamin " . the band member be all pass out in one of the room . hector walk down the hotel corridor . it 's the end of a night on the road . party in every room . he finally reach he own room . inspect the key and room # . open the door . the place look too quiet , too serene . he hear a faint noise come from the bathroom ... the fluorescent light spilling into the dark room . he shuffles slowly to the bathroom . as he open the door he catch Cookie wrapping a belt around he arm , a syringe between he tooth . he stare at hector ... who watch the drug ritual , disgust , at first . cookie get in or get out , man . he close the door behind he . the needle , a foot away from he face . this be the moment he pain be waiting for . ext . papo' build . 9 th & D -- night small time drug deal up and down the block . hector , be wear a semi superfly suit and hat . 33 . they sit on papo 's stoop share a joint . a runner stroll over and hand a brown paper bag to papo . hector nod and grin widely . papo turn into a reefer - street - corner philosopher and lay it out ... as stone and as real and believe it himself . hector ... once you leave the island you be not really attach to anything , right ? papo do not really see it like that . papo ( stone wise ) you be . to the other island ... riker 's Island ... where you will go , even if you claim it be ' self defense ' . now hector be lose in the street philosophy jive ... but slowly it become clear ... and so do he predicament . papo ( cont 'd ) puchi 's a tough woman , man . I could 'a kill she myself a couple of time ... but , hey ... I be she brother ' ... so let I give a little advise ; ' do not fuck with she unless you wanna fuck with she ' . you wanna fuck with she , fuck with she . you get my bless . live for today , man , we be family . papo laugh . a staggered second later , hector laugh . fuck it . int . tropicoro club - later the energy be intense . the pack dance floor be on fire . Willie be in the middle of a smokin ' trombone solo with a flirtatious dancer right in front . he sit on the edge of the stage and pump the trombone slide as the dancer literally straddle it . Zaida , follow by a very pregnant puchi . zaida move outta the way ! lavoe party comin ' through ! puchi pat she stomach . hector sing " que lio " as a group of love - strike girl grab at he pants . 34 . hector give a wink to puchi , who 's stand behind a side table with the fania business guy . Priscilla , Ralph , Jerry ... the entourage . puchi smile , blow a kiss . puchi push herself up . the music building , the conga : crazy . we see she belly ... and so do hector . puchi ( to no one ) Excuse I . she make she way to the front of the stage ... and just stand there . puchi and future family . hector know what 's up open he arm wide and yell into the mic . hector ( sing / soneo ) okay , would you marry I baby ? I will marry you , if you put it that way ... puchi nod she head . hector ( cont 'd ) ( still improvise ) ... I be gonna marry this woman ... because I love she and if I do not ... ay que lio !! candanga con burundanga !! Te quiero de gratis ! int . fania record -- day the interview continue .... puchi he look like a innocent choir boy jibaro , but he be not . back to scene ... the interview . puchi shake she head ... as if listen to he ... and agree with whatever he 's say . she 's almost in a trance . puchi ( cont 'd ) we be both pregnant . ( she still have a memory ) the other ' woman in question ' ... do not really matter at this point ... it be not mean to be , right ? I be the only woman . whether this be what the film crew come for , or not , this be what they be get . the love story . the heartbreak story . fuck hector 's music life ... everybody know that ... this be puchi 's confidential . 35 . puchi ( cont 'd ) I just put a little more pressure ... or he like I better ... the day hector be at the baptism for he other son ... he leave the church and come over to see I . he say : " I will take you to Puerto Rico and marry you baby " ... and he never leave . Men we still man then ... the ocean wave break against the reef ... ext . old san juan church -- day one of the oldest church build by the spaniard when they discover America . Little do they know ... a church altar ... the music stop . another stage , different performance . Dead quiet . int . church - day the priest and family stand at the altar wait along with all the friend and family who sit anxiously in the Chapel . Zayda be hold little hector , ( tito ) only a couple of week old . but someone be miss . puchi be by the door ... as a look - out dress in she wedding gown . she peek she head back in the door , slam it shut . Zaida and the bridesmaids look at she blankly as she stroll down the aisle ... like a gunslinger . puchi somebody give I a cigarette . Zaida light one , give it to she . puchi pace . turn to Ralph , who have just walk in . the Priest just chill , hope against hope , this be all a nightmare about to end . puchi ( cont 'd ) you be the new manager , right ? ralph ( smile ) you look beautiful puchi , beautiful . puchi hector be not here yet . ralph ( stone on weed ) you know hector ... he will be here . 36 . puchi that 's right ... where the hell be he ? be you at the bachelor party ? ralph of course I be . just calm down ... puchi you calm down ! I be gettin ' fuckin ' marry here and he be not showin ' up . what kind of manage be that ? she grab he hand . ext . puerto rico -- day she march down the lobby with Ralph and the Priest in tow . Zaida pick up the long trail of wedding dress and follow . the image freeze on her face . puchi os he be like ...on a ' pussy safari ' ... I use to hear everything . everything . same face ... thirty year later . still tell the tale . ext . puerto rico HOTEL - later puchi , Zaida , Ralph the Priest and a wedding photographer huddle around the motel manager as he open the door to suite 315 . int . suite 315 - continuous puchi march in with the Priest to the bachelor party aftermath . bottle , drug paraphernalia everywhere . Band member with chick pass out on a couch and floor ... the debris of a good led Zeppelin party . the stillness of dead ecstasy . puchi walk over to Willie , who 's sleep on another couch in he boxer with a girl in she bra and panty . puchi ( shaking he ) where 's the ring ? willie oh , shit ... ( see the priest ) good morning Father . Willie search he pants , as if look for change , bring out the ring BOX . puchi drag he over to the bed where hector be passed out in he boxer . 37 . puchi ( top of she lung ) hector ! hector jolt up . puchi ( cont 'd ) ( sweet and loving ) stand up honey . we be get marry . hector , still load , can barely stand up or open he eye . hector I think we be already marry ? a bed sheet wrap around he shoulder like a cape . puchi motion to the Priest . puchi marry we . hurry up . puchi hold hector 's hand . priest ( look at the decadence ) dearly belove ... we be gather here ... puchi forget that shit . just do the " I do 's part . " priest ( clear he throat ) do you hector ... puchi he do . say I do , hector . hector ( eye close ) I do . priest do you puchi ... pucht I do . she look at the pass out group . puchi ( cont 'd ) anybody object ? silence . 38 . hector ( hushed / sincere ) sorry Father . be there any beer leave ? puchi give he the ring Willie . hector take the ring but need some help put it on puchi 's finger . it 's not a joke anymore . priest I now pronounce you man and wife . you may now kiss the bride . but hector stumble with the moment of truth ... he eye kissing she . a cigarette light in he hand , he take a smoke . hector ( blow the smoke ) okay . a camera flash . a clave start a rhythm . maracas join in . ext . EL barrio corner -- day in between the botanica and the bodega , a quintet of barrio drunk , the usual gang of happy derelict be sing along to the song come out of the ghetto blaster . hector be there with they , sing to the radio the song . lip synching himself . beer , cheer , joint ... as they sing and dance , as if on stage .... suddenly , one of they spot a cop and elbow hector ... who happen to be take a toke of the joint . his lung about to explode , when he see the cop come straight at he . but no one stop or run ... the whole gang stay in place sing ... go down with the ship . hector " isla Linda y bonita de palmeras benditas ... the cop arrive as hector exhales to a side ... impossible to hide this much smoke ... but before he can raise he hand to surrender , the cop take the maracas away from he and start play like a pro . the rag tag band be livid and close to heart attack condition as hector and the cop harmonize in the chorus . hector / cop ... yo le canto a la isla del encanto ... no one be get busted tonight . the music blast : block party / early fania magic ... in Spanish harlem . the audience shout : 39 . chorus ... Puerto Rico !!!!! " ext . EL barrio STREET ( block party ) -- day ( alt : san juan / puerto rico street ) the street be fill with the magic of the music and all of the sudden the sidewalk be turn into piece of San Juan , mayaguez , bayamon or wherever you come from ... people dance and cooking and laugh and feel more together than they have ... a Puerto rican renaissance in Manhattan . Dancing in the street ... and on the bandstand , some of the most handsome and fun young singer of the day ; ismael miranda , Willie colon and hector ... in he pink glass and wide hat ... and johnny Pacheco , the band leader supreme . the song hector 's sing be " puerto rico " . a gem of a song , almost a anthem to Puerto Rico . if there be ever one moment that galvanize a break up community , it be now . the after sixty - seventies . now you be not afraid of be what you where ... and you say it loud : Puerto rican and proud ! the seed of a nuroyican nation , if there be ever one . puchi notice as hector leave the stage . later ... nighttime . same neighborhood , different circumstance . hector score . end up in some filthy little stairway with some of he fan ... and lot of dope . a post wedding concert celebration , riding the glorious first year of a secret heroin habit . int . tenement stairway -- night ( alt : LA perla -- puerto rico ) we hear voice ... someone walk up the stair . a junkie peek out the door to he apartment to see what 's up . voice os ( rush up ) hector 's here , man ... but they be not talk about music . around the landing on the last floor be hector alright . his jacket be off and he 's just finish shoot up . he 's roll down he sleeve ... jiving happily , dope rush and rapping . 40 . hector ( see more dope arrive ) vaya ! this be where it 's happen tonight , man ... where the fuck be we ? junkie Heaven bro , here ... another bundle ... on the house . around he , three or four lower East side hard core dope fiend party with the man . yes , hector be theirs too . time CUT int . hector' place -- night puchi be sit in the live room , piss . it 's one of many night she 's learn to live with . hector I just bump into some friend , man ... and you know how it be ... puchi yeah , it 's okay . I know how it be . hector I be do nothing ... she get up and get on he face , grab he arm . puchi and what be this on you sleeve ? a blood test you have do after the show ... come on hector ... hector baby ... it 's nothing , just have a little fun , experiment and shit ... it 's nothing . everybody do it . come on . everything be good ... let 's not ... puchi let 's not what ? but hector can not say it , not with any honesty , so he keep quiet . if she 's ever right , it 's tonight . puchi ( cont 'd ) fuck it up ? you think I do not know ? you know how many friend I have who never get to take the fuck needle out of they arm ... you think that grow up in the street do not ( more ) 41 . puchi ( cont 'd ) teach you something ? please ... you have family now ... I do not wanna bury you on you son 's third birthday . hector oh ... come on . now you be the school cop ? you get high ... you like this shit ... she stop he . puchi no . not that shit . ( she back to he ) that 's not get high , man ... in my book , that 's kill yourself . silence . puchi ( cont 'd ) hector please ... I do not wanna be the school cop . you make it , I make it . let 's make it . he walk over to she . hector I will be careful ... nothing 's gonna happen . ..okay ? the song " money , money , money " play over ... int . club office - night a money counting machine count bill . Willie and hector each take a stack . they look like the character from the gangster album cover , they be live the life . early scarface . a flash bulb go off ... music plays . int . fania record - conference room - day more flash . the room be fill with reporter and PRESS photographer interview hector , dressed in a sharp white suit and cool prescription shade , and Willie , dressed in all black . both hold gold record in they hand . Jerry , johnny , and Ralph , big smile , stand behind they . suddenly they fade from the room ... and we be in same room present time , with puchi . 42 . int . fania conference room -- day puchi be walk around , almost recognize the 30 year old cigarette butt on the ashtray . search for a sign of life . her old life . puchi ... hector never really leave Puerto Rico , it be more like he bring Puerto Rico over here with he . he ... show we ... but do not know it . live music playing ... puchi ( cont 'd ) he be simple ... and he have all the island we be miss ... that be the thing with hector . his English be bad , we Spanish be worse ... and it click . he speak like family ... like someone you know all you life ... he problem be you problem . she straighten one of the gold record leave on the crack wall . ext . queen house - day hector stand outside on the front lawn , hold a now four year old tito 's hand . puchi open the door to they . it 's home . int . queen house -- day a fire place be go in the live room . the little boy be stand in front of hector ... he look sad . hector if you also want the little train you better go out the window and tell he , scream it ... ( mock scream ) " my little train ' ... just say you forget ... Little tito do not really buy it .... hector ( cont 'd ) go ahead ... tell he before he travel away from queen . the boy run to the window and begin holler .... 43. tito ( top of he lung ) I forget to ask you for a little train Santa .... please .... I forget .... a little train ... hector smile as he watch he naive little son remind Santa of the forget toy . his turn to be a good father . the little voice be lose in the ... ext . new york skyline -- night ( stock ) snow fall . a white X mas ... ext . queen house - night Santa Claus be outside hector 's house , smoking a joint . he pick up he Red bag of present and climb up a small ladder , go through a window . int . queen house - night the room be dark . a little toy train run through the track in the live room ... a tricycle next to it ... along with many other toy . Little tito appear at the end of the big room , cue by puchi . the kid see the train , wide eye ... and near fainting ... he also see the legendary white bearded man from the card , the sign , now stand by the moonlight , right across from of he . hector ( latino Santa ) Ho Ho Ho ! be you little tito ... the little boy can barely stand , nevertheless speak ... he just stare ... puchi speak for he . puchi tito ...di que si ... ( like the boy ) si... I be tito . the boy move a little closer , see the train go around he . hector this be all for you little boy ... a present from Santa Claus ... bye bye ! ( to puchi ) tell he father ... he 's a good boy . Ho Ho Ho ... I be a good boy too ... Ho Ho Ho ... Santa disappear in the night ... we hear a crash after he clear the window ... and some grumble in Spanish . we hear the SOUND of the ' tre ' play softy somewhere ... 44 . int . house -- night puchi be asleep , alone in the bed . right in front of she be hector , wear he pajamas , admire she , walk around he sleep beauty , the baby be next to she , lie by she side . he can not believe he luck ... they be he . we hear the sound of a ' cuatro ' play somewhere ... a plena - lullaby . he slowly , not to wake anyone up and spoil the magic of the moment , get himself in the bed next to she move toy out of the way , he rest he head next to puchi and a firetruck . the SOUND of the ' cuatro " continue ... year later ... another christmas ... " asalto navideno " int . queen house -- night feliz navidad ! the whole room be fill with friend . Willie , johnny Pacheco , ralphy , Jerry , Priscilla , papo , etc . everyone richer ; everyone slicker . a big puerto-rican feast on a long table , in the middle of a superfly fashion blast . on the wall : leroy Neiman ' salsa ' rendition of hector and other Spanish icon . we peek . it 's all candid . Real life . everyone be sing the same ' plena ' . tonight , famous Latin musician yomo toro do the honors of play the little ' cuatro ' guitar ... bring into snowy New York all the heart and soul jibaro music . we see tito , now a happy six year old boy sing along , help mom out . we also notice a small little poodle wear a jibaro country hat , a ' pava ' ... run around ... into hector 's arm . puchi savor every bit of it . this be a great happy time , nothing would ever be the same the music fade out . the Iris chacon show be on tv ... the wild Puerto rican vedette camp it up , during she famous tv day . int . queen house -- night puchi dub the song as Iris dance and shake she made- she - famous - sculptural behind . she 's do a early tongolele / Grace Jones in the tropic choreography . leather and banana . puchi Te gusta ? 45 . hector be sit in the live room of they apt sip a schaefer beer . glassy - eye , mellow . hector mami... mira . move you behind so I can see she behind ... ce sot vou pliz puchi you be so funny ... you can not handle a ass like that . hector how much you wanna bet ? she turn to he . mock-encabrona . puchi you know papi . this one you can touch ... this one be yours ... and that one ...? she do a little dance for hector , imitate Iris , block the tv set . hector pretend to be look for the tv , then bolt out of he seat , grab puchi from behind ... kissing she neck , she laugh ... he love it too .... this be two people madly in love with one another puchi ( cont 'd ) leave I alone ... they fall on the floor , in the background , Iris chacon bump and grind , climb on top of a harley davidson ... as puchi climb on top of poor skinny little hector , and start remove she blouse . puchi ( cont 'd ) ( with a wick smile ) you wanna watch tv ... do you papito ? you wanna change the channel ? she start kissing hector ... consider ... puchi ( cont 'd ) do you think this will end ? hector kiss she back ... hector what ? pucht this ... she bite he lip ... start unbuttone he shirt . hector it 's just start ... be not it . 46 . he look at she , touch she face gently . she nod ' yes ' . he kiss she face over and over . hector ( cont 'd ) you know ... I always dream of have someone like you . kiss she ... she kiss he back ... and then , he pull away . hector ( cont 'd ) I have a idea . wanna do a little coke ? puchi now ? you nut ? I do not like that stuff ... hector ( get up ) yeah ... but you like I ... ( a little devil ) right ? come on ... he take a vial out of he pocket . marvin gaye plays on the stereo . " Inner City blue " . it's much later ... year later . int . queen house - night ... they be a experience waste couple ... in they new house . still half - dress . wire and just realize that it 's almost daylight , again . hector 's lie on the floor next to puchi ... who be crawl around the expensive glass table . a drugge predator . another waste couple ( Willie & wife ) party around in another part of the live room . Pool water shimmer in the wall ... Willie try he best stone play the grand piano in the live room , give up and walk out into a patio : a electric blue pool empty , wait for a swimmer . puchi ( in a bit of a panic ) shit ... we do not have anymore . hector smile , smoking he cigarette , drink he vodka . a little something hide up every sleeve . he move to a sofa . hector say who ? puchi turn to he . first mad , then glad ... still on she knee . he 's dangle a little coke bottle in he hand . 47 . hector ( cont 'd ) but you gotta do something for I first ... like a dog ... he part he leg open . puchi anything . hector ( look at the other woman ) anything ? puchi get closer to he , to the coke . hector ( cont 'd ) baby ... look at she ... the woman be dance seductively with marvin gaye , unaware of the conversation . maybe not . hector ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) you always want to ... make it with a girl ... right ? you say that .... puchi look at he , tempt , do a line before give a answer . puchi yeah . ..maybe . hector I would like that ... the woman join she man in the patio , start stripping to go for a swim , work the diving board like a runaway slut . puchi how 'bout you ... hector I will just watch ... ( do a line ) Cleaning up she nose ... puchi yeah ... but you go first with ...him , with julio ... come on , I wanna watch too ... come on papi ... he smile . hector what ? ( more ) 48 . hector ( cont 'd ) puchi ... it 's not suppose to be like that ... you be fuck with I ? puchi why not ? it will turn I on ... you like man ? you say that one night ... hector look around the room . hector of course not !... that 's Willie ! I be aman ... anyway , you will be jealous baby ... puchi no I will not ... come on papi ... go get he . Willie jump in the pool wear he suit , let 's out a holler ... the woman laugh . sit by the edge of the pool . she spread she leg slowly ... stylishly dirty . puchi ( cont 'd ) then I will do she ... they both start laugh at the absurdity of it . hector ... hear a noise , he look . a seven - year old hectito be watch he father and mother in some strange adult freak scene . puchi os ... we like excess , yeah ... we both share that ... that sickness ... that crazy game ... the whole insanity of the coke and have everything ... interview -- int . fania record . studio -- day Confession , accusation ... the 30 year later version of a lone survivor , when the truth go in every direction . puchi ... he go far , I go further ... there 's no deny it . ( with a smile ) we be terrible for one another . that be the whole basis of the relationship ... see who could bang the other one harder in the head ... a flashback : hector sneak through the back door of some club . puchi be wait for he and as soon as he hit the street , she smack 49 . the other woman on she head and then go for hector ... beat the shit out of he . puchi ( cont 'd ) what ? what .... what the fuck you be gonna say ... you bitch ...eh ? who 's that bitch ... you aunt ...? puchi punch he .... as the other woman run away and no one dare stop the fight . only hector who grab she and shove she inside she car , park by the alley . once inside the car , they look at each other .... and start laugh . back to scene to puchi 2002 . get a drink . a cigarette , act like she be ' busy ' backstage somewhere , in a big concert hall ... where hector be about to perform . she let she hair down . puchi ( cont 'd ) I remember too much ... very faintly , we hear the voice of a mc announcing a show ... ' lady and gentlemen ... would you ...etc ' . she drift , go for a second . hector os I never forget you . hector 's talking ... it look as if he be talk back to puchi . hector ( ref : audience ) ... I be lucky I get you ... well , I do not know how lucky ... rapping in between song as he use to , just everyday talk ... he special way of relate to he audience ... from a flat tire to a break heart ... yesterday 's news or tomorrow 's doom or insult . a old black and white piece shot somewhere in the trail , nugget from the top . hector do he stand up between song . hector ( cont 'd ) ... llet I see ... my mother die when I be three , my brother die when I be 15 , my grandmother just die ... Jesus , I be gonna have to kill myself so I could have some company ! do not go anywhere mis gente laughter from the crowd . someone shout ' sing ' . hector flip they the ' bird ' . 50 . hector ( cont 'd ) ( act lose ) fuck you too . now , what be you question ? oh ... the next song we be gonna play ? music start ... music plays ... int . cheetah -- night ( this could be a puerto rico show - outdoor : LA perla , san juan park , etc or the float / pr day parade idea -- check ) the fania all star at there best . Raw and intense . camera 's roll . but the band be totally unaware of history be made tonight . " quitate tu pa' ponerme yo " groove on , six of the best singer in salsa share a stage and a magic moment . puchi be on the side of the stage . a witness to the frenzy and part of it ... as she dance again for he . ecstatic . hector singing " move out of the way ... quitate tu ! " backstage the noise of the PRESS , the impressed , musician , manager , groupy and the usual shatter and electricity of ' after a historical show ' . a happy hector be in the middle of this beautiful moment , as he realize that puchi be next to he ... share the success and the feel of having it all ... of get here together ... and hold on to one another . he get to make himself invisible in front of everyone and hold she face close to he ... the most important face to hold on to . hector do you believe this ? she do not need to look around . she believe in he . hector ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I love you ... and you be here with I . ( take the room ) it 's we time . I mean ... you and I . they stare at each , puchi beam , give it all up for he and he dream come true . puchi I love you . 51 . the corniness and magic of the moment , be taint by the little sly move that no one see , but we all know , as she pass into he pocket a small little vial ... it 's a little moment that will be big and damaging in they life . int . club backstage - night disco music be hear in the b.g . the previous joy and peace be out the window . it 's tense inside this room . puchi sit on a couch with a glass of champagne , smoking a large cigar very elegantly , dress to kill in silky , rich look black dress . Willie lean against the door hold on to he trombone ... anxious to get the show go ... but hector 's mia . Willie and the band stand around upset ... silent the before the show shatter all waste . Ralph tap he watch , pretend it 's not the 20th time he 's do it in a hour . puchi I be not a fuckin ' baby-sitter ... I be he wife ... in case you forget . ralph you do not know where he go ? everybody else do ... wife . puchi then go find he . willie I do not care if he make you wait ... he 's not gonna make I wait ... I work too hard to get to stand on that fuck stage . puchi give Willie a amused fuck - you - smile . puchi do you really ? it 's tense and ugly and different , because it 's a woman snarling in a man 's world . willie ( to Ralph ) why be she here ? Willie walk out . ralph Willie be right . you should not be defend hector this time ... he 's fuck up . puchi do anybody ask for they money back ? Ralph never get to answer . 52 . puchi ( cont 'd ) _ , ( pushy ) do they ? a moment later , hector casually walk in ... with Willie . willie everybody out ! I gotta talk to hector . hector smile , unaware of any problem , ready with a true - tale of lavoe 's life . after a brief stare down , Ralph walk out follow by the band ... puchi stay . willie ( cont 'd ) ( to puchi ) you too .... please . she strut out . hector cono man , my dog run away with my car key ... eat they ... I have to borrow a neighbor 's car to get here . hector give Willie a sheepish smile . willie you fuckin ' happy with yourself ? hector I do not know ... what do I do ? that be a true story . Willie almost laugh , but hold on to play the bad cop . willie it 's I hector . not the other . I like to fuck around too , hector but I take this seriously . hector so do I , bro ... Willie , listen ... willie I want you in my band because I see you have a one in a million voice . and we have get far . but if now you wanna fuck yourself up , do it on you own time , not on mine ... understand ? you need help I will help . off screen we hear , the mc announce the start of the show . hector you know I love you , man . 53. willie if this be about love , try lovin ' yourself , I get plenty of love and still get here on time . he embrace hector ... with love , with care . willie ( cont 'd ) I be you brother . come on , let 's kill they . ext . queen house - night the driveway be pack with car , half park on the front lawn . a new mercede pull up , park on the street . puchi jump out of the car when she see tito skate . pucht shit ! tito ride up on he skate . tito hi , mommy ... puchi what be you do out here at this time ? the boy stop , unsure he 's do anything wrong . tito play ... dad say it be okay . puchi get inside ! now ! int . house -- night puchi fly into the live room , drag tito by the hand . puchi where be he ? as tito shrug ... gun shot ring out from under the live room floor . int . basement -- night the band be hangin ' out in the adult play room . barry white blast from a juke BOX . " never never gonna give you up " . hector mock and lip-sync Barry . a few guy play pool on a new pool table . a couple of other take pot shot with .45 's at a dart board riddled with bullet hole , hang on the wall , also riddled with hole . 54 . a couple of other sit on a plush couch with hector , who hold a tray full of cocaine in one hand , a gun in the other . more shot be take at the dart board . just as a guy lean in to take a snort off the tray . puchi fly down the stair , race over and slap the whole tray into the AIR . puchi ( crazy mad ) everybody get the fuck out ! now ! everyone scramble to get out . as the guy attempt to snort some of the lose cocaine off the couch , puchi kick he in the ass . puchi ( cont 'd ) hijo de puta ! hector be leave alone , stand with the tray in he hand gun in the other . hector puchi , that be some good shit ... two grand worth of it ! what get you crazy tonight ? puchi grab the tray and whacks he in the head with it . hector be too stunne to do anything but back away . puchi you let we son out on the street at ten o'clock at night while you be down here with this fuckin ' low life leech ... in my house , get high and shoot off gun !! hector tito be fine until you come home . all the time , the gun in hector 's hand . puchi look at it ... it 's implication and possibility . puchi ( calmly ) put that fuckin ' thing away . hector , belt the gun , shrug and start for the stair . hector I be gonna pretend this do not happen . puchi yeah ... like you always do .... it 's the story of you life . nothing happen . ( more ) 55 . puchi ( cont 'd ) you mother do not die , you father do not hate you ... and you brother 's still scoring dope in harlem somewhere . she 's cross the line puchi ( cont 'd ) where you goin ' ? to do more drug ? to spend all we fuck money on drug ? she go after he , try smack he in the back of the head with the tray . he push she away . hector you know the problem with you ? you should would be bear a man , not a woman . you would have be a great tough guy . hector start to run up the stair . blood run down he face . puchi you motherfucker ! as she race after he , wildly swinging the tray ... she loose she balance , fall on the tray and slide down the stair . hector look back at she . she 's okay . he laugh and keep go . ext . house - moment later hector walk to he car . puchi chase he after he . puchi go ahead ! leave you wife and son ! you no good piece of shit junkie . he turn around ... make sure this be he wife scream out all this horror . puchi ( cont 'd ) you hear I , yeah , I say that ... int . fania record . studio -- night the place be empty . except for Willie . hector have already clean up a little bit . willie you have two problem .... and I do not know which be harder to quit ... 56 . hector ... neither , cause I be use to both of they ... and learn to live with both of they ... willie but one will kill you . hector I think drug be easier to quit than that woman ... they remain silent ... just the jukebox play oldy . hector watch the traffic . imagine all the happy people pass by in they car . willie I can not tell you what to do ... stubbornness run in the family ... hector turn to he , smile .... try to shift the conversation . or finally know what to say next . hector you know , there 's this cop , this woman cop ... come to a lot of my show ... say she love I ... I do not know whether she want to marry I or bust I ... should I just raise my hand and walk out peacefully ...? they both laugh . willie you would be better off arrest ... right now any way ... look at you .... you be like the fugitive ... remember how much you use to like that show ? well , you have become that man ... run away from something you have not do . hector Willie , I be not that innocent either ... silence . hector ( cont 'd ) ... and I love she . ext . queen STREET -- night hector come to serenade she in the middle of the night . to ask for forgiveness in the only way he know how , or the way he dope it best . a guitar and maraca ... like a old fashioned trio from a time warp , in the sidewalk of queen . 57 . hector sing the most romantic and heartbreaking bolero in life . Willie be with he ... rag trombone moan and all . puchi eventually come out the window ... nodd , hush he first .... then pretend to be forgive ... just in time for the neighbor to become a select audience to a love trial - put to music , as hector sing soulfully tito rodriguez 's heart - break " inolvidable " . but this alone will not do the trick . inside the house ( different exterior location 7 ? ) puchi listen . hector explain hector . hector ... I be sorry baby ... what else do you want I to do ? she just let he hang in that awful space a little bit longer . hector ( cont 'd ) ... I forget what I have ... it 's like that . he open he arm , in that classic and final gesture ... finish with he defense and ready for sentencing . puchi you know , people tell I I should just dump you ... you know how fuckin ' piss off that make I ? ( beat ) because I love you ... and I love tito ... and I want we to be together it 's that too much ? be not that what you want ? but she do not even know what she want to say or hear . puchi ( cont 'd ) hector ... I just ... I just want you to say ' you be gonna try to make thing work ' . I want you to say you be gonna spend more time with tito . I want you to say you be gonna stop with all the drug ... I want you to say you love I . hector puchi , you want a lot . I do love you ... but I can not make that many promise in one night .... I would be lie to you . of course I love tito ... it 's get nothing to with that ... and I know how much to give to I ... it 's just ... 58 . and it come out silent . his pain have always be private ... maybe the one and only thing leave all he . puchi 's serious demeanor start to crack after hearing that word . puchi do you think we could try to love each other a little more ... more carefully ... maybe become a happy family ... that 's all I want hector be for we to be a happy family . tear be stream down she face . puchi ( cont 'd ) I never have one ... ( with a break smile ) ... I be hope ... hector lean over , wipe they off . he kiss she tear away ... in love with trouble and the wrong lover . no better feel . interview close on today' puchi . int . fania record . studio -- day she smile at the memory , this war be fun ... and be all she ever have . int . bedroom -- day puchi wake up alone . hector be go . she jump up ina panic , race out of the room . down the stair . through the live room . dining room . into kitchen where ... the table be set and hector , in he underwear be busy cooking breakfast over the hot stove which be a mess . he come out of the smoke ... he son help he . hector ( casually ) Buenos dias , sweetheart . tito ( excited ) we make fry egg ... and pork chop ... puchi ... and beer . she try to control herself ... and enjoy the day . 59 . puchi ( cont 'd ) oh ... that 's beautiful ... tito I be joke ... hector ( winking at puchi ) sit down , honey . it 's all okay . I have a crazy idea . montage : the home movie ( family vacation in puerto rico ) int . colonial house -- day his father walk through the simply furnish live room into the kitchen busy himself get some coffee . hector ...how have you be ? papa the same I have always be . hector realize this be not a happy reunion . hector so ... I be here ... papa I know . I read the papers . awkward silence . Father get up , go inside . after a moment , hector follow . papa ( cont 'd ) . a drug addict with many arrest and scandal . yes , I have read about you . his father stop abruptly , walk out . go back into the live room , randomly start clean . hector follow again ... but now he want some answer . hector everyday I do the wrong thing and everyday I find out how to stop from do the wrong thing ... and I be try , but I do not stop ... I think that come here ... be the right thing . papa why do you come here ? I do not invite you here ... 60 . hector ... I want to see my father , want to surprise you ... and I be hope he want to see he son . his father just move further away ... as if hector be not there . hector ( cont 'd ) what 's it gonna take , viejo ? hector start look at old family photo on the mantel he brother , sister , grandmother . as he pick up one of he father and mother as a young , happy couple ... hector walk closer to he father . hector ( cont 'd ) maybe I do not know what it 's like to lose you own son . the old man know , but still turn he back on hector , look out the window . as if he know it too well and now only hear a ghost speak behind he . hector ( cont 'd ) but I know how it feel ... not to care about live anymore because you grieve and you hurt . papa I lose a wife and a son ... and you . how do you feel ? hector I do not know . maybe it 's late but , yeah , I be try to be you son . why can not you be my father ? papa please , I be a old man . leave I in peace . hector I will leave ... but I will go on with my life . I love my son ... and I can say it ! I have no problem with that . hector walk to the door hector ( cont 'd ) all I ever want be for you to tell I you love I and you be proud of I ... you can not do that ? it 's you problem , I have learn to live with it . 61 . in he eye , all the sorrow that give he all the soul . fade out : int . house - bedroom - night puchi be in the bed , watch hector fix he tie in the mirror ... dress up for the show . a show in itself . puchi goin ' to work early ? hector Si , gonna surprise Willie . ext . long island expressway -- night the caddy be stick in a huge traffic jam . a sea of headlight . the midtown tunnel up ahead & Manhattan . int . caddy -- night stuck in traffic . hector do a little blow , of course , as if get higher would get he there faster , but nothing work . the traffic do not move . hector pound on the steering wheel . no cell phone in that day . ext . EL corso club - later that night discourage fan leave the club . a disgust Willie and the Band be leave as well . they stand on the sidewalk as the band boy line up the instrument case . hector pull up in he caddy , double park . hector get out of the car , stone , craze . he walk over to Willie who do not even acknowledge he . hector you be not gonna fuckin ' believe it ... willie you be right , I will not . Willie walk down the sidewalk . hector follow . hector pero , Willie . que pasa ? dejame explicarte . lemme 'splain , man . Willie stop , face hector . willie hector , I can not deal with this shit anymore man ... tu sabe ? I quit . the band be yours . 62. hector ( bewilder ) tu esta loco chico ? you be gonna break this up because of I ...? come on ... do not mind I . man.. not now ... we be at the top ... willie good for you . it 's you band . hector , I can not work with you crazy shit anymore , man . I be a musician too , remember ? I do not like be the ' straight guy ' , cause I be not ... hector you be joke right ? ta ' jodiendo ? you be fuck with I ? Willie open the door to he buick electra . as he put he trombone case in , two pretty women walk up to hector . hardcore fan . woman one ( nervously to hector ) Excuse I ... we wait three hour to hear you sing ... hector think she 's gonna smack he . he back up . woman two we really do ... she pull out one of Willie and hector 's record album ... but do not hit over the head with they . woman two ( cont 'd ) could you sign this ? we just love you . hector smile and sign the album as Willie , look and get in he car . woman one thank you ...hey ... woman two come on , wanda . Willie start the engine . it make hector rush over to try to uselessly stop he . hector why do not we go talk quietly you and I ? the car window go down . 63 . willie I tell ralphy to cancel all we gig . I be move on . you do the same . I will work with you , but not on the same stage . I be around for you anywhere else ... Willie smile , understanding , but terminal . willie ( cont 'd ) ... we be family . he drive off . hector stand stunne , he whole world rock by he own disorder . int . hector' place . live room -- night he walk into the house . puchi be no where in sight and neither be he son . hector hello ? mami , where be you ? tito ? he look around . it 's too quiet . go and search in the kitchen . no one . much later ... hector see the headlight swing piercingly though the window across the darken live room ... wash over he face , then settling in the driveway . int . puchi be car -- night puchi turn off the light of the car . she see that hector 's car be there . she 's all make up and dress to kill ... or to fuck another man . she look tense . int . hector' place . live room -- night she come in shield herself with tito . close the door behind she . almost tv casual . pucht hector ? before she can hear a reply , hector 's on top of she , swinging she across the live room ... over a sofa . hector where the fuck be you ... you fuck whore , puta de mierda ! puchi land on the floor ... ugly and violent . puchi hector ... you be crazy ! what 's get into you ? 64 . hector where the fuck ... come on ... you be stone , right ? look at you ... she can only come up with a little smile . puchi look at you ... the little boy start cry and scream . tito please stop it ... puchi I be at my sister 's ! what 's wrong with you . hector ( to the boy ) be she ? puchi you fuck bastard ! not the kid ...! she punch he back , but he do not hit back ... he just back away , to take a better look at she . to get back harder . tito ( scream ) papi stop ...stop ! hector dress like that ... como una puta . puchi como una puta ... and since when do not you like it ? he can not answer to that . hector look at tito , who be once again alone or in the middle ... look at he family , as if look at stranger . puchi ( cont 'd ) I want to surprise you ... I go by the Club ... where be you ? hector be now puzzle , confuse , guilty ... even be she 's not really innocent . he can not speak puchi ( cont 'd ) where the fuck where you ? hector crumble down ... he turn to cry like a kid himself . it 's not about believe or not believe she tonight . no one win . 65 . hector I be so sorry ... I be sorry tito ... he try to grab tito ... who refuse and stay alone . it 's a horrible moment when you own son fear you . puchi come on tito ... it 's you dad ... it 's okay ... he 's just upset at something ... not at you ... he love you . she 's talk to the boy , while she look at hector , play it out ... use the boy , they love , anything to stop he and make he believe she story .... and find out he . it 's lover that can only feel through pain and can only exist hurt each other to make sure they be alive . int . bedroom -- night hector be sit by the bed stare at the wall to wall mirror in front of he . he 's numb . hector I be late ... again . she sit down next to he . puchi that motherfucker ! what happen ? hector smile at the absurdity of the end . speechless . puchi ( cont 'd ) so what ? people like you , late . he 's nothing without you , fuck he ! hector fuck I . I be the one that get fire ... he be right , I be fuck up my career ... puchi he tell you that ? he look away from she , go for a drink . hector not in that word . puchi you be the best . everybody know that , hector . let he go out there and sing with that squeaky little voice of he ... it 's he loss . puchi start to take off she fancy dress , hector notice the black lingerie . and then ... it 's back to the start . 66 . hector where be you ? she 's be through this a hundred time . she know it and so do he . puchi I go to my sister 's and then I get some chicken ... I think you be come in late . baby ... hector look right up at she . even if he worse suspicion be true , he can not let she go . puchi ( cont 'd ) ( gently , motherly ) okay , we be gonna take a couple of quaalude , get under the cover and hold on to each other , for a change . when we get up , everything be gonna be okay . she find the pill , undress he , get in the bed and cradle he . they be both feel numb and peaceful . puchi ( cont 'd ) do not worry papi , we will figure it all out . int . a stage somewhere -- night hector and ' he ' band be play a slow bolero . he look alone on stage . Willie 's be a confusing loss , another rejection , another brother go . now he 's a more ' sophisticated ' hector , with the sin and the fad of the moment . cool , aloof , hardly move , just the necessary sway for the song ... and the mood . less be more . and the people like he more . the more drama , the more they love he . he have the money , the habit , a future and all the trouble success require sometimes ... but something be off tonight . int . backstage -- night puchi find he sit alone in he room .... he look tired and wear , he smile crooked and turn off . hector it be my father 's birthday today ... I call , but he do not pick up the phone . puchi ( like a bad psychiatrist ) maybe he be not home . 67 . hector I try ten , fifteen time . int . bedroom -- night the sound of night cricket be hear come through the open window . as hector stare at the window and listen he eye flutter . hector you ever try look at the coqui sing ? he pick up a little statuette from the night table . it the classic little green frog native of Puerto Rico . the coqui . the little coqui frog sit on the bed now ... puchi ... in the bronx ... no no , never see one , you be right ? so ? she cuddle next to he , he put she arm around she . hector you see the coqui ? they sing be a very special sound .... but they only sing in two note ... one tune . that 's it ... over and over ( imitate they ) that 's all ... they thrive everywhere in Puerto Rico but they can not survive anywhere else . puchi ( with affection ) you be very much like the coqui , I guess hector .... fuck , you can be depress , man . look at I ... be I in love with a frog ? tell I you be depress ... she put she arm around he and hug he .. hector watch out ... I think you get the little frog right under you ... puchi ouch...you ..... ( kissing he ) on the tv...news . 1974 viet nam . the fall of saigon ... the helicopter shot above the american embassy . 68 . int . bedroom - early am puchi blindly feel for hector in she sleep . instinct snap she awake . she get up and see ... a silhouette . hector sit in a chair , holding a 45 automatic and stare at she with a glaze calm over he . pucht hector .... he do not respond nor acknowledge she get up . puchi ( cont 'd ) honey ...? you okay ? puchi slowly pick up the phone , dial . puchi ( cont 'd ) ( hushed voice ) I need a ambulance , right away ... int . hospital waiting room - dawn amongst other concerned family , Zayda sit patiently , attend to she own heartbeat ... this be difficult on everybody . puchi talk to a doctor . we don t hear the conversation , but we know what they say . doctor . you be aware that you husband be like a walk drugstore ? his arm ... she cut in , with a ' please stop the bullshit ' leave arm gesture that almost hit the Doctor . puchi tell I something ' I do not fuckin ' know . I wake up and I see my husband lookin ' like a character in a horror movie , hold a gun ! what the hell be that ? in a white cell ... hector sit alone , stare off into space . peacefully turn off . no sing , no talk , no one to watch . withdrawn and in a drug withdrawal . puchi os ... I would have love check myself in somewhere and take a break too ... but I could not do that . he tremble , shake , silently begging for a fix , to at least patch thing up with himself and go through madness with some dignity . 69 . int . fania record -- day puchi walk and pace , the camera chasing she , like a cage panther , hungry ... but there 's no one here to eat today ... she settles for another kool . light up . puchi . we have a kid who keep ask ' where 's my dad ... where do he go ? ' . what be you gonna tell he ... okay son , you dad be insane and we have lock he up so we would not harm himself or maybe kill I ... or you ... who know ... ' . she check herself on a reflection by the window ... glimpsis at the world outside , bad reality on 31 street . she return to the camera , the fantasy , and a little attention . puchi ( cont 'd ) no matter how ' crazy ' I get , I could not do that ... no matter what he do : daddy be the king ... that 's all he need to know ... but he know something be up . kid know . she think for a second , everyone in this story be dead . she shake she head ... in she own crazy moment ... a recur moment that do not seem to go away ever . puchi ( cont 'd ) but man like hector do not go to aa ... or therapy or nothing ... he would record 12 album by 1975 ... have like seven # 1 song . drug , sex , wife , kid ... other woman ... all you need for a good guy to break down and ... get away ... like a vacation . music plays .... we see a flash of puchi today ( 2002 ) ... stare at city , the traffic . int . mercedez - day the radio play bowie 's " fascination " . in the rear view mirror we see a pair of beautiful darting eye , as if the be dance , but they be not . puchi os a well deserve one . puchi drive up a long driveway to a gate that read creedmore State Hospital in queen . she finish do she lip . she look stun , cool and confident , as if drive up to she new country home . not at all like the wife of a unraveled salsa singer play the nuthouse . 70 . Zayda be sit next to she . turn the music off . showtime . ext . creedmore state asylum -- day as puchi be get out of the car , she see Priscilla , who head directly for she . she notice puchi 's dress . priscilla go to a dance ? puchi he 's you brother ... but he 's my husband too . give I a fuck break would you ? priscilla I wish I could , but from the first day you meet he and from the first day I meet you ... I have a bad feel . his father never want he to come ... so he would never meet people like you . I always want to tell you that . puchi feel the punch , but it 's just the wind . she walk away , leave Priscilla talk to herself . puchi you say it . I hope you be happy now . ciao Priscilla ... mind you own business ... go get fuck and all of that . you may not like 'my kind ' , but he do not seem to mind it too much . Priscilla stop to give it to she . priscilla look where he be . int . bathroom -- night line of cocaine in the mirror . the face of puchi appear in the reflection , make up for some kind of ' party ' , she get closer to the mirror ... hover over it . her face closer and closer to it . she look as craze as hector , finally . one down , one to go . a older puchi stare at US , at camera . int . fania record . studio -- day she nod silently , affirm some nightmare she remember . but she do not say a word , maybe for the first during the interview , she can only stay quiet and let the shame stay out of the story . no question no word .... as the camera roll on_and puchi avoid any incrimination . 71 . ext . queen house -- day Cookie and tito play catch in the front yard . the mercede pull into the driveway . it 's hector come home reception . as hector and puchi get out . tito dad !!!! tito run over and hug he daddy . hector hold on to he son , close he eye , press the little kid body against he . tito ( cont 'd ) dad ... I can not breathe ! you be kill I ! int . kitchen - later they be eat dinner . puchi eat quietly watch hector devour he plate of home cooking ' habichuelas ' . tito be make dad catch up . tito ...her name be geraldine ... but we be only friend . she 's ten . hector oh ... she 's a older woman ... like young man ... like you mom , right ? tito she like Ivan ... he play foot - ball ... and he 's older . he hate I . hector have you ask she out ? tito no. where ? hector here ... tito ( young cool ) here ? she will think that I be crazy too ... they all burst out laugh . hector go over to tito . hector ( hugging and kissing ) come here you little cabroncito ... I miss you ... miss tickle you little ... ( grab the kid ) ... stomach like this ... 72 . tito be laugh . tito dad...no ... hector oh yes ... I miss do this so much ... why do not you marry this chick ? come one ... you be old enough ? the kid laugh . tito you be crazy ! yes , dad be crazy . hector look at puchi as he play and kiss he happy little boy again . yes , it 's good to be home . int . bedroom / bathroom - night hector lay on the bed , watch puchi get undress to she bra and panty . a dozen pill bottle sit on the night table . he 's wear a the same shirt and tie ... ready for the a cancel show or something ... backstage at home . hector look at this ... it 's like the night table of my grandfather ... puchi ( half sly ) take you medication . I do not want you to go crazy on I tonight . hector okay . as he take a pill from each vial and swallow , she walk into the bathroom , cool and normal . but nothing be . int . bathroom - continuous puchi ( talk into mirror eye close ) ralphy call ... hector os what do he want ? puchi what do you think ...? she open she eye , stare at herself now . 73 . puchi ( cont 'd ) he 's get a bunch of stuff line up , show in Los Angeles , Chicago ... back to scene hector do not want to know about work . he do not react to it . she hear that . he 's silent and awkward , jump out of he skin . puchi os I tell he that first you have to get back to ... spend time with you son ... make love to you wife ... the water be turned on ... hector listen to it . but can not react to that either . he force himself to take baby step into the bathroom . int . bathroom -- night new : puchi be already naked and inside the bathtub .... ( almost like in the open bath scene ... when she toe nail surface through the water ... like love fin ) now it 's all of she . just there ... wait ... like a shark in the water . one that will tear_you apart with a smile in you face . he stand outside , watch she body ... a sexy blur . a face to die for . he 's a stranger . pucht what ? hector walk closer . can not do a thing . he just stare she right in the face ... re-discover she . the sound of water fill all the space ... they silence . puchi ( cont 'd ) what be it baby ? nervous ? they both know . he smile . he half bury in the water just eye on the surface . hector yeah ... I be straight . she grab he , feel she away around he crotch ... she eye always on he . still try to come honest . hector ( cont 'd ) we have never be straight , you and I ...and ... she slowly pull he to she and take he into the shower with she . hector get inside the tub ... fully dressed . 74 . they stare at remember each other . casually , like across the table on a first date . yes , this be hector puchi I know . come ... yeah ... that 's it . I be more scared than you be . he hold on to she . ( new : as she slowly undress he from he soak shirt and tie ... ) puchi ( cont 'd ) it 's like ... swim ... like riding a bicycle ... it all come back to you ... I be so fuck nervous too . they kiss , the water fall over they ... they hold on to each other ... heal .... drown in each other . montage they make love in the shower , ( tub ) they make love on the sink and she give he a blow job as he 's sit on it , they fuck everywhere . passionate and desperate fuck . it do come back to he . a acoustic guitar plays we hear the noise of a nightclub ... int . EL corso nightclub -- night the place be pack and quiet for a change , as a young man with a acoustic guitar take the stage . he sit in a chair he be ruben blade , the charismatic springsteen of salsa . a handsome and smart panamanian writer / singer in a black Pierre cardin suit . ruben blade ... hello I be ruben blade ... and tonight I be here to give someone a present . I write this song for hector lavoe , someone I really admire , since I be a kid who want to be a singer . after I sing it to you , it 's he . it 's call " El cantante " . he begin ... and the story of hector lavoe start unfold in song , in a beautiful auto-biographical tune that will once again , re-define the career and life of hector , thus become he biggest hit ever ... and he signature song for life . ruben blade ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) yo ... soy el cantante ... que hoy a venido a cantar ... in a corner of the club hector listen to the song that will , once again , take he to a higher peak . 75 . a string section roar ... it 's hector 's version of the song now ... with it 's sweeping violin bridge ... and all the drama of he life roll into a powerful song . a salsa symphony . we hear hector singing .... he 's in the studio at work . alone in the booth . like in the confessional . wille be inside the booth , in charge . hector singing ...lo mejor del repertorio ... que a ustede voy a cantar ... int . recording studio -- night a seven minute masterpiece arrange and produce by he old friend Willie colon . hector sing he heart out in he most personal song ever . hector singing ...y canto a la vida de risa y pena ... de momento malo ... hector be back . the more fuck up , the luckier , the bigger the more people want he . in the booth , we see puchi , he Yoko , listen , hypnotize by the power of song . by hector the song plays ... fifth avenue we see hector and puchi on fifth Avenue with tito . thousands of people crush around they ... the world be theirs . central park a magic NYC moment .. as the lavo play in Central Park . and even if it be only for day here and there , what you see today be a happy , successful family . once again , hector have be give proof that he gift be he , if he want it . lot of people with they eye on he . a perfect moment to fuck it all up soon . hector singing ( cont 'd ) ...y de cosa buenas . the song continue over the next scene ... tell we the story . int . hector' bedroom -- night puchi wake up , feel bed next to she . empty . she frantically scan the room . empty . 76 . hector os ( sing ) ..y nadie pregunta si ...... si sufro , si lloro , si tengo una pena que llere muy hondo ... int . hallway -- night she race out , down the hall , look into tito's room . the kid be asleep . alone . int . live room -- night puchi enter . no sign of hector hector os ( sing ) ... vinieron a divertirse y pagaron en la puerta ... she look out the window and see she mercede be gone . she put two and two together . her eye turn dead ... the thrill be go , one disappointment at a time . int . mercedez -- night hector be drive . he look at ease , determine , with that addict 's drive of go to the end of the earth to get straight , to stop feel the emptiness ... and be selfishly normal . the song playing be the only company he have ... ext . lower east side . FOURTH STREET -- night the mercede pull up outside a burnt - out building . only drug business and strand euro-trash give a little life to this cemetery . he get out of the car briskly . he 's home . hector os ( sing ) ... no hay tiempo para tristeza , vamos cantante . ..comienza ! int . shoot gallery -- night a very stone hector be slammed against a wall by strong black junkie .... and a short Puerto rican woman , who be hold he up ... robbing he for whatever he 's carry with he . she pull out he watch . junkie woman ... you get more of this papi ... and I need to know the time ... very busy lately too ...tu sabe 77 . hector I know ... but that 's all I get ... I be sorry . the man search around the table in front of he . it be cover with overflow ashtray , water glass , burnt spoon cotton ball , syringe and glassine bag of heroin and cocaine ... but the black junkie be look for something . find nothing except for a knife in he pocket . black junkie ... you be not get anymore cash ? you be the fuck shit now ... and you go around break ? what the fuck 's wrong with you ? you know where you be ? slap hector ... nothing a break junkie hate more than a break junkie . hector check he mouth ... there 's blood . hector come on man ... hit I somewhere else ... look , you want my shoe ... black junkie what size you wear ? hector nine and half ... the black junkie push he back black junkie my dick be nine and a half ... that do not fit I ... he stare at hector . hector I be sorry , man ... really , next time I know ... yeah . black junkie you be funny eh ? the guy punch hector , throw across the room , kick he , venting out . black junkie ( cont 'd ) you wanna be funny now ? the woman stop he from stabbing hector . junkie woman ... e@asy Raymond ... this guy ... people know he and ... but she start nodd off and can not continue ... the black man take hector 's car key from he hand . 78 . hector be scared to death now . shoot gallery be sanctuary , not mugging grounds ... not for he anyway . black junkie you lucky day motherfucker ... let 's make a deal ? a close up of puchi today .... puchi os it scared the hell out of he .. interview int . fania record . studio -- day puchi ... nigga never get wear that watch . my brother papo see the car park outside ... and stop he . you know , he have he business there ... so here we have some black dude strolling out of the competition dope house wear hector watch and coat ... and head straight for the mercede ... int . photo studio -- day the cover of hector 's album " La comedia " be be shot . hector be dress up like Charlie chaplin , hat , cane , ill fitting suit . the work ... and it work . he look like a dead ringer for the famous tragic-comic genius . the studio be fill with the usual dozen of hanger on , groupy drink , grass , loud disco play . hector be do the classic chaplin pose against a white background ... puchi be there , sort of .... in between camera flashes , hector notice she by the phone and then she 's go . ext . spanish harlem tenement -- night it 's pour down rain . hector spy on puchi from inside he car . he 's still wear he chaplin outfit . catch she come out of a building . he get out and run to she ... hector hey hello .... excuse I , you live around here now ? she 's speechless . hector ( cont 'd ) what the fuck you be do there ... fuck the bass player or the drummer ...? 79 . puchi you really wanna know who I be fuck ... all of they . the bass player , the drummer , the pianist ... all of they except the singer yeah ... because he 's too fuck high to get it up ... so I have to get where I can ... you understand that ? hector be the one now speechless . puchi ( cont 'd ) you have accuse I of fuck so many man that I be finally go to fuck as many man as I be guilty of screwing ... she look for a cab ... there 's none . puchi ( cont 'd ) uhmmm ... she turn around without wait for a response , take off she shoe and start walk in the rain ... in the street ... through he traffic ... the rain soaking she dress , she hair and hide the tear run down she face . traffic swerve away , stop ... some too afraid to even offer a ride to this beautiful woman walk in the storm ... as if she be walk down a desert street . music plays .... we hear hector singing : " bandolera " . hector go after she ... the rain beat down on he too , soaking he up fast ... he take he glass off . suddenly , puchi stop one car , any car ... and before hector can catch up to she , she get inside and disappear from sight . hector can not do a thing , but feel the frustration of loving a wild animal . he stand in the rain , car move around he , honk horn , scream at the madman . the music plays ... it 's a hooky sound of vallenato accordion and cumbia that stick to you skin and get you up from death . I come from .. title : cali , colombia . 1983 montage : the lush andean landscape ... the beauty of colombia . ext . colombian villa -- night this be a major party . opulent . decadent . dangerous . 80. a lavish villa sit in the middle of the jungle . light by the entrance , as if a Hollywood premiere be take place somewhere in a forbidden druglord Vegas fantasy in cali hector see it . a mirage . the host , charming & dangerous . we have meet before , he show hector around . a proof of he power of persuasion . host ... this be home ... and this be not work . ( he touch he heart ) hector ( concerned ) you okay ? he nod . it 's just to emphasize he coke-dribble . host you be here . guest that stink of dirty money , party on the marble patio don with fountain / statue and the spacious grounds ... fill with crime spend dream . cartel Heaven . host ( cont 'd ) here , people love you more than anywhere . you know that ? waiter in white tuxedos carry trays of exotic live lobster , hor d'oeuvre , etc . waitress in mini-dress carry trays of cristal and cocaine . hector that 's a lot of love ... a state of the art stage , set up for tonight .... where the " vanellato ' band fill the night with cumbia 's infectious rhythm . tick the cocaine . the accordion player jump off the stage and climb on top of a table ... and then to another table , the guest hold he up ... all the time play he solo ... a feverish squawk melody ... the crowd be wild and so be hector , watch this jimi hendrix of the accordion . the guy eventually plays on he back as he's passed over the crowd like a human tray , landing back on the stage just in time for the chorus of the song and of course ... the strobe light to start make thing more confusing and crazy . later ... bath in blue .... all the guy in the band have they own bottle of aguardiente next to they , as they prepare to play . hector stand on stage , snort cocaine off a silver tray hold by a beautiful waitress . 81 . hector look up at a band member . hector ( cont 'd ) ( serious ) I can not feel the back of my head . both crack up laugh . hector grab the microphone . subtitles when need hector ( cont 'd ) estan todo gozando ? I be tell my friend here that I can not feel the back of my head .... any of you out there that can not feel the back of they head ... raise you hand ... the crowd raise they hand , holler , etc . guest Si ! hector laugh . everybody laugh with he . this be uncharter stone territory . hector I be glad ! I tell you , estoy muy contento de estar aqui . ( take it all in ) everybody be laugh , dance ... I may move here tomorrow . where be we ? this be Argentina , right ? more laughter . the people love he . the host beam . hector ( cont 'd ) okay ... I be joke ... I love cali ! at a table -- a drunk colombian shout out .... become the local coke- fry heckler colombian cabron ! ponte a cantar y no hables tanta mierda ! ( hey asshole ! sing and do not talk so much shit ! ) the song start . ( " El dia de mi suerte " ) ... but the heckler shout it down . colombian ( cont 'd ) not that one . pendejo , canta otra cancion . the other song ... hector stop the band ... only the percussion cook and hector rap ... like in a comedy club . 82 . hector que the pasa papi ? dime .... the crowd laugh . the man do not think it 's funny to be humiliate in front of he hoodlum friend . the colombian , explode , whip out he revolver , point it at hector and walk up to the stage . the band stop . the guest stop dance . the party stop . colombian hijo de puta , who the fuck you think you be ? two other colombian walk up ... the host stare from a table near the stage . colombian bodyguard joaquin ! baja el arma . put the gun down . joaquin keep he eye on hector , who force a smile . the gun still point straight between he eye . over at a front table a distinguished look patron in he fifty get up , to address the concerned guest . ( we have see he before , lurking ... seduce hector . ) host todo esta bien ... it 's okay . he smile casually as he walk over to joaquin , with a understanding smile on he face . joaquin ( exasperate ) patron ... host ( patiently ) Dame el arma , por favor ... ' quiqui ' ? joaquin hand he the revolver . the patron look at hector . host ( cont 'd ) senor lavoe , por favor , disculpeme ... tu sabe ... in one swift motion ... he shoot juaquin in the head three time . juaquin jump and jerk as if plug into a wall and shocked , but juaquin do not die . it 's a starter 's gun . a coke joke that scare the shit out of everyone in the place , specially joaquin , who after pee in he pants start to laugh at the horror of stay alive ... with point blank burn on face and chest ... and then 83 . more laughter ... more madness as a couple of tough indian look suit drag he away to go laugh somewhere else . maybe dead in a ditch near by . and the party go on . hector feel the back of he head , do a little more blow and kick off with a song . montage : more music . more love . more madness . more dysfunctional behavior between puchi and hector . the war of love be take a toll on everything . on tv ... hector be speak to camera ... " El cantante " in the background . it 's a anti- drug public service spot . hector hello , my name be hector lavoe , el cantante . but today I be not here to sing , I be here to give you a sermon ... ( laugh ) to tell you about drug . plain and simple : drug will kill you . yeah ... I know you be say : ' hey look who 's say it ' . well you know that I know what I be talk about ... think about it ... we have enough problem in we community to keep on go like it 's not kill we . it be . listen to hector ...on the record and off the record . stay clean . the image freeze . a title card under hector 's earnest face : Las drogas matan . drug kill . the tv be shut off . int . fania record -- day Jerry , ralphy and a bunch of other suit and tie guy stop watch , turn to they unpleasant face and start get to public relation damage control ... basically . jerry they will think it 's a joke ... people will continue do drug and we will stop sell record . he 's the bad boy of salsa ... the only one leave ... no one will believe this shit ! to ralphy . 84 . jerry ( cont 'd ) I say nix it ... let 's keep hector as we know he , okay ? it 's like that bear again people .. make a ' who believe they or care ' face . jerry ( cont 'd ) it will hurt you and it will hurt we . Ralph turn to the suit . ( could one of they be the druglord host ...? ) ralph you can find another spokesman ... ' we ' Spanish world do not buy into this confessional trip ... I know hector really want to do this ... I will talk to he . ext . hector' place -- day the family relax by poolside . it almost look like a normal Sunday afternoon barbecue . it be not . behind he shade , hector idle by ... just high enough to endure the low that come with the high . a spoiled - twelve year old tito be try to do some break dance for he folk . tito watch this ... he try a spin , a jump , etc . hector applaud . hector beautiful ... that 's good . ( to puchi ) I do not want to see anymore doctor . tito look now ... another little dance ... puchi it 's not a Doctor . hector light a cigarette . piss , stalk by puchi . hector can not I enjoy watch my son ... he 's better than see any doctor . I enjoy this ... dame un break . okay ? 85 . puchi yeah , you should enjoy it since you only see he once every six month ... even when you be fuckin ' home ... hector barely want to acknowledge that . puchi ( cont 'd ) ... and do not think I do not know you be high , hector . hector come on , do not start with that shit again . I be just relax here ... maybe I should find somewhere else to go by myself and chill ... puchi yeah ... do that ... go with some of that whore that keep call ... that should relax you . she get up and start walk away when hector explode grab a ashtray and throw it at she . it miss she by inch and crash against a wall . it startles puchi and frighten tito ... who look at he father and mother , tear welling up in he eye . hector do not know what to do . hector I be sorry ... the little boy start pick up the piece of the break ceramic ashtray he have so proudly make for he dad . puchi and hector stare at they son as he pick up one piece at a time ... try to put it back together , something too break to be fix ever . music start . bata drum play furiously ... ext . spanish harlem rooftop -- night a peaceful moment from 103 street . just below , El barrio ... and under a building in 104 street : hope . a song in yoruba be heard ... int . spanish harlem basement -- night a santeria ritual . White robe dancer , chant in the ancient yoruba , spin , call the deity on , shaking off the evil eye . the white clad drummer , talk to the god ... play they specific beat ... eye close , in a trance . 86 . we hear he voice sing the powerful song " aguanile " the room be light by candle , the place cluttere with Religious santeria statue , doll , artifact ... and believer . a woman in she seventies walk in circle around hector , who stand in the middle of the room . she smoke a cigar , blow the smoke at he ... and circle ... speak in tongue . later int . madrina's apartment -- night ( _ scene plays in spanish ) a small little place . santeria object everywhere . she be talk to hector and puchi . hector 's quiet , emotional . madrina ( in Spanish ) why do not you accept you gift ? hector what ? madrina ( in Spanish ) you gift of sing . the Lord have give you the power to sing , the power to bring happiness to million . hector ( in Spanish ) when my mother die I become a singer , I be five year old ... pain give I a voice ... I can not throw away my pain . madrina smile knowingly . he 's try to be funny . it 's the fear . madrina ( in Spanish ) you be walk with the Devil ... he pretend he 's you friend ... actually make you feel good . he 's smart . hector listen . madrina ( cont 'd ) ( in Spanish ) hector , the power of the evil Eye can be very dangerous ... he can disguise himself as you pain ... stop suffer to make he go away . 87 . she get up , go over to a altar , take a white , blue and red bead necklace off a statue of saint barbara . she return to the table , kiss the necklace , put it around he neck . madrina ( cont 'd ) ( in Spanish ) wear this for protection . Santa Barbara will protect you ... and be by you side . she will listen and speak to you . but you better listen . you do not play with the saint . mc os lady and gentleman ... 1987 off screen we hector signal the band . they play the intro to " EL todopoderoso " . the crowd go wild . people dance in they seat . ext . concert stage -- night the mc , dress cool , funky sunglass , stand center stage . mc ... the moment you have all be wait for . El cantante de Los cantantes ... hector lavoe the crowd go berserk . hector be energize by the crowd . hector walk on stage to thunderous applause . as the mc give he a hug ... hector look good . clean and happy . the mc walk off stage . hector take the microphone . montage abstract series of concert and crowd . ( mix of stock and our STUFF ) thing couldn't be better moment ... but weren't that well . the crowd cheer . hector laugh . look a little mean , a little too sharp . devile . hector why do you like I so much ...? something 's gotta be wrong with you ? more cheer , whistle . as the crowd wave they hand back and forth . fade sing ... the concert become slow mo . even at he happiest or saddest , he could sing ... and whatever be go through he brain , make a stop at he face first ... as that eye , that eye where everything show . 88 . puchi ( v.0 . ) ... - he be tired ... it be like ... it be like a religious experience between he and he fan ... that be it . he hate it but depend on it . int . queen house - night hector sit at the table eat dinner as puchi sit across from he and eat he up with she eye . who 's cheating who ? puchi os ( v.0 . ) .. , anyway , I have send tito home with my sister ... we want to be alone . int . live room - moment later hector , cigarette in he mouth , sit watch the news . he put he hand in he pocket , come out with a lighter and two glassine bag of heroin . puchi os .. he be try ...my God ... he toss the bag on the coffee table . he light the cigarette , take big drag as he eye go back and forth from the tv to the bag . he rest the cigarette on the table , take off he santeria necklace , set it down then pick up the bag and walk into the bathroom . int . live room - night puchi race into the live room . smoke everywhere . she search through the smoke . see the bathroom door ajar , race over , rip it open to find hector nodd out on the toilet . flame all around he . puchi shake he , grab he hand , they run upstairs . puchi ( v.0 . ) ... he pass out on the couch and drop he cigarette ... so I wake he up . we could not get out the front so he grab I by the hand and race up the stair ... all of the sudden he become superman . a flash : hector on stage ... talking to he audience somewhere else ... hector ... everybody 's say something different version of what happen ( more ) 89 . hector ( cont 'd ) but I ... someone say : ' oh ...he be free-base ' ... he be so high he think he be superman ' and fly out the window ... Jesus ...can a man just drop a cigarette butt in the wrong place and start a little fire ...? the look at the cigarette in he hand . hector ( cont 'd ) fuck they ! the crowd cackle , cheer . no matter what he do wrong , it make he more part of they . puchi os ... God know ... there be a million storey . int . fania record . studio -- day puchi today -- interview . a old photo show the wall of the 55 Street apt . puchi people like hector lend themselves to fantasy and to be what everybody want he history to be ... you know what I be say ? a million storey ... puchi look at the picture . int . 55 th ST . apt . - live room -- night gucci puchi . a beauty in designer everything . she take a big drag on she cigar , inhale the smoke , blow out the smoke in she new live room . on the wall , we see ... leg cast encased in glass . she 's like a cage animal walk around the empty apartment . puchi os ... and that 's how we get that . everybody who be anybody in the business come by and sign they ' ya know . like a church service . that be the at the last place we have ... yeah . the camera scan the wall don with artwork over to th hall with all the gold record . a bored look teenager tito come out of he room . bump into he craze mother he look like a very spoiled kid . puchi where be you go tonight ? 90 . tito do not know ... anywhere . puchi you be just gonna hit the sidewalk and decide what you be do ... do not talk to I like I be you grandmother or something ... if I ask where the fuck you be go , you tell I ... and if you do not know where you be go , you make it up .... but please do not say ... you do not know ... that 's pretty lame . come here . the young man come over .... tito Mom please ... she hug he , as if he be still she little baby . puchi please what ...? she hold on to he , give he all the love she can . she know what be this age be like . it 's scary today . tito ok ... I love you . he hug she even tighter on the hallway ... tito come out , show he wait buddy a peek of the gun in he waistband ... they slap five . ona tv ... hector be singing . we see he on a tv monitor in the greenroom . his pixilate face , like a map of all the pain in the world . he sing the slow blue bolero : " taxi " . at time look straight at the camera ... as if straight at puchi .... straight at we . int . backstage - GREEN room - later Nice , cushy VIP room . Buffet table . full bar . hector on tv. a drunk and hostile puchi sit on the couch ranting to Zaida as other VIP 's try to turn a deaf ear . this be the monster she 's turn into , by choice or by design . she glance over to a woman in a low cut dress . 91 . puchi ( loud whisper ) look at that bitch over there with she tit hangin ' out . she 's be wantin ' to fuck hector for year . zaida I hear ya baby , I hear ya . do she ? puchi do not listen , she 's just ranting . puchi ( loudly ) nobody would have be here if it be not for I . there would have be no concert if it be not for I . zaida shit , hector 's lucky you do not sing " cause you would be doin ' that to . they " slap five " together . Cookie sneak he head in the room . Zayda get up and leave for a minute . zaida ( cont 'd ) gotta pee . another woman look over at puchi . puchi ( to the woman ) that 's right bitch . who 's dick do you suck to get in here ? the prudent ' bitch ' ignore she . Ralph walk into the room , give the woman a kiss . the woman point to Ralph . woman his . puchi ( to Ralph ) hey , baldy , where 's my money ? Ralph ignore puchi , take the woman 's hand and walk out . puchi stay alone in a fog ... no one leave to insult . she look bitter , wear and all alone . ext . afterhour -- night hector be walk through the nondescript door . papo , see he from inside he car . do not say hello or call he . 92 . int . afterhour ) -- night can not see you hand in front of you face . a four piece band play to beautiful people : drug dealer , musician , gangster . a tired hector pretend to grin and act normal . Cookie be sit next to he in a private booth , next to a bottle of curvosier . hector ...- maybe I rent a small apartment somewhere in Jersey ... I gotta do something , man . I be afraid to stay , but more afraid to go . hector look at the band , as they play to the damage crowd this late ... or this early . yes , he remember that night . Cookie break the spell with something imprudent to say . cookie you know ... it 's none of my business what she do , but it 's my business that she do not get you arrest . he nod to hector , proud that 'he 's say it '. hector what be you talk about now ? cookie hector , something I hear ... from a good source ... it 's not ' bochinche ' . hector what be it ? stop prepare I for it . cookie she 's deal coke ... small time , a gram here and there ... but that 's the last thing you need , it 's be go on for a while ... hector puchi ? she do not need the money ... hector turn pale , as the spotlight hit he face , but have no time to digest it . they be spot . band leader hector ... we see you . come up and sing !... you be under arrest ... you can not run . we need a singer . it 's almost a reprise of that night where it all start 20 something year ago . him and he old friend ... and a band without a singer . 93. everyone look at he and applaud as he get up and walk on to the small stage . Cookie sit on the piano , bad hand and all . he start to reprise the gone old day . the old tejedor classic " escandalo " . after a couple of heart feel verse , the trumpet player go ona solo . he see puchi come in . his face change into fear ... because he see something in she eye he 's never see before . she look scary as she float closer to the stage , walk like a zombie ... vintage madness ... with a twist . head turn . people laugh . but it 's not funny . hector imagine the worst . hector motion to a bouncer , who step in and grab she . it 's another degrade moment . puchi let go of I ! let go ... hector look at she as she fall on the floor ... try to pull the bouncer to spit he , to kiss she , to spit he again ... taunting the man , like a sloppy drunk , nothing sexy about it . she be drag off scream and foam at the mouth ... but this time be different ... it 's difficult . puchi ( cont 'd ) you motherfucker ! look what they be do to you wife ... do something you prick ... you junkie little faggot ... come on ! but hector do nothing as they take she away . ext . new york CITY STREET -- night a empty street . puchi be stumbling and ranting in the sidewalk . it 's the end of the night and New York feel empty , except for this craze woman with a tear dress and a tear heart . puchi you coward ... no wonder you own son fuck hate you ! she shove he again . he stumble for word . hector come on ...st...stop ... I can not ... puchi ( assassinate ) you can not raise you son . you can not even be a husband ... you cant ' even fuck sing anymore . hector start to unravel himself , he put he head in he hand . she rest for a second against a park car 94 . hector what the hell be you talk about now ? what be it with you ? why be you do this ...? then puchi back he into the wall ... prep he for the killshot . lower she voice . puchi you do not have a son .... he start to slump down against the wall . she grab he . puchi ( cont 'd ) you hear I ?! as he look up , eye glaze over ... everything get slow and horrifying . hector what the fuck be you say ? she painfully try to reach he , to hold on to something . she collapse into he arm , sobbing . hector ( cont 'd ) what be it ...? see puchi ... know something be wrong . puchi ( choke on she word ) tito 's dead ... he 's dead ... there be a accident ... with a gun ... and ... he be shot ... a friend shot he . interview - puchi search the room for he ... int . fania record . studio -- day puchi be silent . her eye finally land on a corner of the room and stay there . the camera roll silently , until she return to the interview . puchi ... I think I would die too ... but you live through it ... and it hurt much more . hector ? he die with he ... a color photo of tito fill the screen ... it 's surround by flower . ext . cemetery - day hector 's eye be fill with tear . he touch the microphone , it 's almost like he 's go to start a song . 95 . he and puchi stand by tito 's grave with a crowd of friend and family behind they . hector ... be not like you can bring he back , like he go to the store ... it 's something impossible to believe . you can believe in anything in life , you know ... no matter how crazy it be ... but not this ...so ... we be here , but we be not here ... hector be unravel emotionally , but he muster up a smile , not for he , not for the people there , but for tito . hector ( cont 'd ) see tito ... we be play hide and seek ... for the rest of we life ... but I be gonna find you where you be hide ... he walk away from the microphone . puchi do not even touch he , he 's stay alone . more alone than ever interview ... puchi be cry too . int . fania record . studio -- day very quiet ... only distant traffic in the background . a firetruck in the distance . puchi ... you son 's smile at you one day , you turn around and the next thing you know he 's go ... no one prepare for that ... all the death in the world do not get you ready for that ... ( light a cigarette ) ... and I have see a lot of die around I ... I grow up in street where they would drop like fly ... but for hector it be very hard ... it be something he never get over . nothing be the same again ... life change and for the two of we ... it be never the same again ... he die , we die ... that simple . she touch she face with he hand ... as if it be he caress she ... not let she get so sad . a tear come out she eye . int . 55 th ST . apt . -- night puchi 's eye swollen with tear . Cookie come over , hand she a plate of food , she can not have anything . 96 . puchi look for he through the crowd in the apartment at the post funeral reception . puchi thanks ... where 's my husband ? a flash of panic rush over Cookie 's face . he quickly scan the room ... no hector . Cookie look back at puchi , know what 's go through she head . suddenly hector come out of the kitchen . see he 's across the room . ext . 55 th STREET apt -- night it 's right after the funeral , he 's still wear the suit and tie ... puchi look dead sit in the red sofa ... expressionless . silence . hector ... you and I never talk , never be straight for more than three hour a day , that be when we first meet maybe ... twenty year ago ? and we just go on with life like this ... ( look around ) like ... this be we life and it 's never gonna stop ... or something like that ..... I love you ... but it 's impossible to ... she start talk on she own , like two parallel conversation . puchi ...impossible to ...oh , I get it ... hector you know ... see , like that ... you .. ... but he stop , fearful of what she would do next . puchi oh ... now that we son be dead it all come clear to you . I 'ma bitch and you be a great guy ... and that maybe the best thing for we to do , besides fuck other people ... be to make it official , that you and I have all of the fuck sudden realize 'we be not good ' for each other , so we be break it up to try to fix it up ... fix what up ? she pace around the room , like a bull before go into the ring . give he a hard , cold look . 97 . puchi ( cont 'd ) this ? she turn to one of the mirrore wall . we see on the fracture mirrore tile the two of they . in break love . there face dissolving into ... bubble . a lighter flick on . the dope bubbles , cooking in the filthy spoon . hector light a cigarette , now he 's get all the time in the world . nothing will stop he to wipe all the pain away . it 's serene moment before communion . quick cut ... he tie off he arm . take the syringe and slip the needle into he vein . red blood shoot up inside the dropper ... like a serpentine ... a deadly streamer spool on carnival day . skeletal salsa music play over . a bass , a scratch , a lonely trumpet . .. echoes . int . shoot gallery -- night this scene will be in spanish . later ... hector stare at the tv , hold a ice cream bar that drip down he chest ... watch the static on the tv . he 's filthy , unshaven , a burn down cigarette dangle from he mouth . as he point to a invisible person , the nodd junky open they eye and see nothing . he get up to greet the invisible . talk to the ghost . hector abuela ?... what be you do here ? how do you find I ? do a woman 's voice ... play the ghost . hector /abuela they tell I . I come to take you home . it 's chill theater ... the never end tragic-comedy of he life . hector ( frighten ) no , no ... I can not ... I can not go home . hector / abuela do not talk like that ... you be my favorite ... my little one . 98 . go over to the spot where ' she stand ' . hector no , no , you do not understand grandma ... I kill my little boy . hector / abuela hector , you kill no one . hector see ...he need I . that 's all . I should have give he more attention ... more love . I think I have ... but I be too busy with ... he look at he small junkie audience , half dead piece of man and woman , stare at he , watch the surreal performance . junkie woman tito 's happy , man . you son 's with God . hector stare at she . hector who the fuck be you ? hick the table in front of she ... work and dope and bottle fly into the wall ... the dope fiend do nothing , it 's all normal to they . hector see what 's leave of he in a sliver of a mirror hang from the filthy wall ... half a face . half alive . all pain . he close he eye and drop to the floor . int . doctor' office -- day hector be sit alone . he sit up to look better as the Doctor walk in with a folder in he hand . hector so ? the Doctor sit across from he . hector ( cont 'd ) it scare I when you sit down . doctor it should . ( he open the folder ) cholesterol be okay ... sugar be a little off ... prostate be fine ... hector but? 99 . the Doctor stop the act . close he prop folder . look straight at he . doctor the HIV test come back positive ... hector shake he head , as if he do not hear well ... as if he be speak to in a foreign language he suddenly understand . ext . broadway -- night hector walk alone , surround by the bright light . but he look pensive and distant , carry bad news , one after another . a street musician blow on a saxophone in front of a store window ... hector os I do not blame she ... she 's more scared than I . int . 55 th ST . apt . live room - day the new place look a mess . hector , in a run suit , sit in a fog pretend to watch tv . he look frail , sad and abandon . Willie be sit next to he . hector keep he eye on the tv ... where we see run dmc in some music show . it 's the future in front of they eye , but neither man see it . hector ... she test fine . she go out go anywhere . he shake he head . anyone could 'a see it come . willie yeah ... and we move on . hector the phone do not ring except for the bill collector ... and fuck wrong number ... I be like ' hello , digame , hello ... like , may I help you ? ' you know , whatever ...hey , ' talk to I ... ok ? fuck you . good-bye ' . he smile . Ralph sit , appeal to he . willie well , I be here .... and there be people still wait for you to ... sing again ... to see you . they feel for you , man , they have mourn with you ... but they need you ... this people love you hector . no matter what . ( more ) 100 . willie ( cont 'd ) but they be not gonna wait forever you know how it be ... ( beat ) you get a show in Puerto Rico . take it . that bother hector , but he make no big deal of it . willie ( cont 'd ) let the people know you be alive . instead he look at Willie as if he agree with everything , except for the be alive part . hector you know I .... I do not listen to anybody . willie great . biggest decision ever in life have be make without think about they . chevere . ( look in the eye ) you problem be , that you be a lucky guy . he think for a second . look straight back at Willie . hector I deserve to be . shit , I wish I be the president ... good luck do not want to do anything with I ... Willie smile , listen to he old friend riffing , like improvise in they be good old on stage . hector ( cont 'd ) I have more than good luck ... and I have you motherfucker . the two old friend embrace one another . a embrace that 's be wait for year . puerto rico ... home again . int . lincoln MARK iv - moving - day hector look out the window at the puerto rican countryside mountain , valley , panoramic view of the ocean . he close he eye as he breathes in that wonderful island smell . it give he life . hector ( gently ) it 's beautiful , right ? ( sing ) why do we leave ? 101 . Cookie look straight at the road ahead of he ... can not tell what 's on hector 's mind . ext . coliseo ruben rodriguez -- day a crowd carry Puerto rican flag and " hector lavoe " banner file into the half empty stadium . a different excitement be happen backstage . a bad scene . ext . coliseo ruben rodriguez - side stage the scattered crowd scream out he name . the band wait . Ralph puff on a cigar , look out at the anxious crowd as hector and Cookie arrive . the promoter come over , appeal to hector promoter hector , I be sorry about the situation . I do not wanna cancel but ralphy ... but there 's no one here . they do not show up , it 's not my fault ! it hit hector . his people do not show up ? he stare as the other fight the wrong fight . ralph ( interrupt ) hey ! what the fuck you doin ' talk to the artist ? what you better do be walk out on that fuckin ' stage and tell the crowd the show 's cancel ! ( to the band ) go back to the hotel , guy . they all wait loyally by hector . promoter ( panicked ) be you crazy ? I will have a riot ! ( to hector ) ralphy want all the money up front . I tell he I would have it ... but look ... no one come . hector 's eye be on the crowd , the flag , the banner . even if it be just a few of he people , that make it more special . hector it 's cool . I just wanna sing . forget about the money , this one be on I . Ralph turn . foam at hector 's suggestion ... show he power or rather , hector 's lack of it . 102 . ralph hector , be you crazy ? what the fuck be you now ; Saint hector ? I already send all the other act back to the hotel ... this be not a welfare concert . hector relax , I will give you you commission anyway ... I just want to sing . ralph that 's not the point ! they be tear down the stage ... hector stop he with he hand . hector ( yell ) come on , vamos . hector walk on stage with the band . the crowd stand cheer ... but it 's chaos out there . he grab the mic . thunder be heard ... the band plug in ... and tentatively take they place . hector ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) que pasa mis gente ! I be here , all yours ! the band start play . hector sing . a tropical storm break ... heavy rain start pour , but the show go on . until the sound start go out instrument by instrument until only hector 's mic be on . he look off stage to the SOUND men behind Ralph and Cookie . hector ( cont 'd ) put the sound back on ! side stage Ralph throw he hand up . ralph I fuckin ' tell he ! Cookie go up to the sound board . cookie put that shit back on ... Cookie look around for the promoter ... go . on stage 103 . hector motion he percussion section . hector give I some congas ... the conga start a beat ... steady and strong . hector be soaking wet ready , as close to the audience as he can be . hector start sing again ... but he mic be suddenly turn off ... only the lonely conga and a couple of horn try to fight it out . hector keep sing , but the audience can not hear he . the rain pour down on he , like tear run down he face . he try to shout the song out ... but no one can listen as the thunder roll and the rain drown out the voice of a man alone on stage ... cry out the lyric to " mi gente " ... but he people be now just about to start a riot . thing turn into slow motion . a chair fly through the rain ... land next to he . scream continue ... mix with the last die conga sound ... audience echoe and hotel muzak . a bad recipe cacophony . int . HOTEL bar -- night the horror have follow to the bar in lobby of the Sheraton where hector and puchi be have it out in front of all the other band member , crew , stranger . they fight , but we do not hear a sound ... we have hear plenty of fight and can only imagine . there be no truce ever with this two . all the sound fade out ... and we only hear the sound of the ocean . low , night wave ... and the barely audible music from a bar block away . int . HOTEL room -- night the door open to the empty suite . eerily quiet now . hector walk in . at the end of the room , we see the empty balcony . ( a reprise of once in the late 60' ... ) he walk through the room , open the slide door . hector step outside . ext . suite balcony -- night it 's finally peaceful . hector take a look at the ocean beneath he , the palm tree . listen to the wave ... and feel the strange tranquility around he . he smile , with very sad look in he face . a emptiness in he eye before they shut tight . a siren blare ... 104 . int . ambulance - moving - moment later hector 's completely shattered and break body be laid out on a stretcher , a oxygen mask over face . paramedics frantically work to keep he alive as puchi rock back and forth , praying . puchi God , please help he ... please help he ... int . centro medico - emergency waiting room - later puchi sit all alone and silent in the wait room . it 's a sad lonely picture . the game be over . this be where the long road end . what we hear be puchi tell the tale . puchi os ...he jump from the ninth floor ... have multiple fracture , break bone and massive bruise to all he inner organ , which ... be already pretty damage from all the alcohol and drug abuse . his liver he kidney ... int . fania record -- day interview --- puchi 's look away from the camera ... a little restless . too many memory stir , too many question that be answer now , year after the fact ... too many ' I wish that I ' moment ... too much pain and regret . puchi he live ... yeah ... five more year . she think about what she say ... put together some sense into a tough past or come up with final day wisdom . puchi ( cont 'd ) but it be not real life ... she look straight at camera , at US ... as we hear applause the intro to a song . puchi ( cont 'd ) ... and I be not there for he . I want to remember he like he want I to . she close she eye . fade to black . the horn announce the close word .... the parting shot ... and it will be hector 's turn with he side of the story . on the black screen the sound of salsa music and Arena crowd build in volume . 105 . the audience chant : hector ! hector ! hector ! int . madison square garden -- night side stage - puchi stand nest to hector . she look into he eye ... the intro for " todo tiene su final " . the encore . hector I just want to tell you that I love you ... puchi I love you too . go ahead honey , go tell they . I '1l be here . she kiss he . the band pick up the rhythm try to pump hector up . hector ( sing ) " . , . todo tiene su final , nada dura para siempre ... hector sing it as he know it . " everything must come to a end , nothing last forever .... " a prophetic salsa marker in he life . it 's hurt a bit . thunderous applause follow as he stand walk on stage , sing ... every movement he make : easy , poignant ... give . hector spread he arm to he fan ... sheer adulation . close on puchi , her face ... as if watch he . but we're back to the interview . interview os do you miss he ? int . fania record . studio -- day puchi everyday . do you think that you can forget someone like that ? they be all around you ... wherever you go ... he chase I ... people like hector you do not escape ... you resign yourself to live you life with a invisible man ... with a ghost ... sometimes I be cooking something , whatever ... and I ask he 'hey hector how do you want ...? ' you know ... like he be there ... it never go away ... people say , go ahead puchi ... there be a lot of better more normal man around ... do I ever want that ? you figure it out . 106 . she look around the room , more comfortable with the confession . near the end . out of word . out of heart . back to scene ... hector sing he heart out . interview os what would you tell he if he be here today ? she be catch by surprise with this question . she shake she head with a wishful smile ... puchi ... you do not wanna know what I would tell he . she laugh , make light of something so heartbreaking . but the lyric of the song we hear say for she . ' everything must come to a end '... and this love story definitely do . just listen to he . ( song will be subtitled ) a cu flash of puchi 2002 : outside msg ... stare at the past . back to ... hector sing , he inimitable style , ease in front of thousand ... the last concert int . madison square garden -- night the show go on . " todo tiene su final " continue . title card over concert shot : hector lavoe die of aids complication on June 23 , 1993 . he be 43 year old . he be consider to be the great salsa singer of he time and always remember as a folk hero because he be " of the people for the people . " hector singing on stage , wave .... another title card .... nilda ' puchi ' Roman Perez , die in 2002 of mysterious circumstance . hector mi gente ... the quiero de gratis ! a fan throw a puerto rican flag on stage . johnny rush over pick up the flag , drape it over hector . twenty thousand fan strong cheer . hector give the power sign to he people . the music plays on ... 107 . puchi blow he a kiss , he smile ... and turn to he audience . forever . on stage the crowd cheer ... he dance , lose in himself . this be how we all want to remember he . he look around at the audience . no big deal . life give he everything ... and he never know it . a cheer bring a smile to he face . dissolve to : end montage ... but now we see the stock footage of thousand of he fan in the street of the bronx pay tribute to another go hero ... mix in with " we Latin thing " snippet of a unforgettable time . the people , the music , the singer ... the image all slowing down , transcend the magic and the spell now put on we . 108 .