" EL mariachi " screenplay by Robert rodriguez fade in : ext . a jail in mexico - day it 's a early Friday morning and a patrol car drive up a unpave road and park next to a gut police car on cinder block . the camera pan with the officer as he exit he car and walk up to a ramp lead to the baby blue jail house . he be carry a greasy bag of fast food . int . jail lobby - day the Officer enter the lobby , toss the bag of food to he partner who be sit at a desk . he grab a tin cup and walk over to bar entrance to block A. twenty or so criminals , from drunk to drug dealer be sleep peacefully in they cell on block a . the Officer rattles the tin cup between the entrance bar . int . jail cell - day the inmate stir , rub they dirty face and try to sit up . the camera dolly slowly down the narrow hallway of the block which have three cell : two small one side by side , and one bigger cell that face the block entrance . the sound of scribbling and business deal can be hear from inside the cell . it be azul jotting into a business ledger while chat on he cellular phone . his cell be equip with a small desk and a refrigerator . he hang up the phone and continue write . int . jail lobby - day the Officer with the tin cup sit in a couch across from he partner , who be now eat , and read a magazine . int . jail cell - day azul pick up he phone and make another call . he talk business . in the other cell , prisoner be get up and look around . azul hang up the phone and write . ext . EL moco's ranch - day a gorgeous , bikini-clad babe strut slowly into a tightly frame glamour shot . she pause , take a deep breath , then dive a ' perfect ten ' dive into a house - side moat . she swim long , slow motion stroke around the moat as the camera track alongside she , lovingly admire she tan line and hydrodynamic build . she slide out of the water and walk up a cobble stone walk , drip as she pass a seat gentleman in a white suit . his face be unreveal . as she enter the house , he set he drink down by a phone . he lift up the receiver and dial . int . jail cell - day azul 's phone ring . he look up at it , startle , as if no one have ever call he before . he glance at he watch , and then back at the phone , hesitate to answer it . he look around the cell block as if someone might be play a trick on he . finally he answer it , pause before say hello . it be El moco . moco ( v.o. ) good morning , azul . do you know who this be ? azul ( into phone ) moco ... what the hell do you want after all this year ? ext . EL moco's ranch - day moco be sit on he porch drink tequila . moco ( into phone ) we have get a lot to talk about . I be just a few town away with a whole new gang . I hear you be nearby so I think I would give you a call , amigo . azul ( v.o. ) that 's sweet of you , asshole . I do not suppose you could get I out of there , and then maybe hand I over my share of money . moco ( into phone ) yes , I figure you would want you money , my friend . that be why I have call you . I hear you be get out soon , and figure I should deal with we situation . but do you really need I to help you get out ? from what I hear , you be run quite a business out of you cell with a phone and some loyal man . it keep you well protect I hear . not a bad idea . I may try that myself sometime . azul ( v.o. ) I could stay in here and earn peanut compare to what you owe I if I be to get out . so , yes , I want you to help I ... my friend . moco ( into phone ) soon my friend , soon . I be send you some people in a few day to get you . azul ( v.o. ) really ? well , that 's more like it . just like the moco I use to know . azul be walk towards he window at the sound of a truck racing in . moco ( into phone ) just hang in there my friend . I will not forget that you have be a big part of we success . what 's wrong . ext . jail - day a large truck drive up to the jail , parking beside the police car . two tall , well - dress men step out . they reach into the cab and pull out machine gun . they walk briskly towards the jail . int . azul in jail cell - day azul walk to he toilet and stand on it to see out he bar window . azul ( into phone ) there 's something go on outside . be this a double surprise ? be you get I out today , moco ? there be no response from moco . int . jail - day the Guard read the magazine stand when he see someone approach the door . ext . jail - day Close tracking shot of gun as tall Men open the door and enter the jail . int . azul in jail cell - day azul look out of the jail cell suspiciously . peer down the hall , he see the guy with the gun . he hide behind the wall , peer out to see what happen next . int . jail lobby - day the tall Men walk right up to the guard , and hand he a huge wad of money . the Guard toss the money to he partner ( still eat ) , then turn to unlock the block entrance bar . int . azul in jail cell - day azul put the receiver back up to he mouth . azul ( into phone ) there be two man here with gun . do you send they ? ext . EL moco's ranch - day moco , glance at he watch , hang up . int . azul in jail cell - day azul hang up the phone and kick he bodyguard awake . the bodyguard get up and peer out the bar as azul hide in a corner . int . tall men in hall - day the tall Men walk steady and alert , ready to kill . they enter azul 's block and scope out the cell . the bodyguard , see the tall man , retrieve he shotgun from under he mattress and grab he machete from under the sink . he stand ready to fight . the tall Men move slowly towards the big cell , somewhat cautious . they see the bodyguard a second too late , for he stick the shotgun between the bar , and shoot one of they before they can react . the shot one stumble back into he buddy 's arm . azul 's bodyguard , amused by all this , open he cell door effortlessly , and walk out as if to greet they . the tall Men hear the sound of the other cell open , so they turn around . the other prisoner on the block begin exite they cell , carry gun and molotov cocktail . the tall man drop he gun . finally , azul exit he cell carry he phone . the bodyguard force the tall Men into a empty cell , close and lock the door . azul press the # - button on he phone . moco 's phone number be automatically rediale . moco answer . azul ( into phone ) I be still here , moco . and so be you little friend . but not for long . they have something they want to scream to you . listen close , because you be go to repeat it to I when I come to visit you . int . tall men in cell - day the cellmate throw they molotov cocktail into the cell . moco hear the man scream as they burn to death . azul be hold the phone at arm 's length into the cell . int . jail lobby - day the Guards exchange glance when they hear the scream , they smile and shrug , then go back to what they be do . as azul and he bodyguard exit the block , the Guard with the magazine stand up as if to stop they , but azul toss he a wad of money and the guard sit back down to count it . ext . jail - day a blue truck race towards the jail . azul exit the jail carry a shotgun . his bodyguard get inside the tall Men 's truck and start it . azul wait patiently for he blue truck . as the blue truck pull up , two little rat-like vato exit the blue truck , one hand azul a guitar case . azul toss it onto the hood . the bodyguard wave as they drive away . azul wave back . he open the case , revealing a arsenal of weaponry . azul notice one piece be miss . one Rat quickly pull the miss weapon from he jacket and replace it in the case . azul be unamuse . he grab he mac - 10 machine gun from the guitar case and aim it at the thieve Rat 's head . suddenly , the Guard bolt out the jail wave the wad of money , as if complain . azul turn he mac - 10 onto the Guard instead . a few blast later azul and he rat pack up and go as the Guard twitches helplessly on the ground , still clutching the money in he bloody hand . credit sequence ext . azul / mariachi on highway - day the blue truck barrel down the highway and the camera pan with the truck as it pass a hitchhiker , mariachi , stand in the sun with a thumb in the air . the truck pass he up so he continue walk . mariachi be carry a guitar case in one hand and a black jacket in the other . he be wear a white T-shirt , black pants . the camera pan to a sign that read " acu? a 18 mile " . ext . MAIN STREET - day mariachi be walk around downtown acu ?a . he notice a bar across the street and , like the way it look , he put on he jacket and cross over to it . he stop to read a sign on the building that say " member and non -member only " . he pray silently to himself before confidently walk inside . int . corona club - day mariachi enter the club , greeting the patron as he make he way to the bar . no one seem to greet he back . he sit on a barstool near some other drinker , lay he guitar case down lovingly beneath he stool . he look around the place , as if size it up . bartender what do you want to drink ? mariachi refresco . the other drinker stare at he . glancing around the room , mariachi notice a small , table - shape object drape with a cloth in one corner of the room . sitting directly behind he be four mean-look dude . mariachi be serve he drink . mariachi no hay musica ? bartender ( clean a glass ) why ? mariachi I be a mariachi . a good one . I play beautiful ballad , old classic ballad , on a old - fashioned guitar . bartender so what ? mariachi I could add a little class to this place . I work for fairly cheap , I live mostly off tip . but I need steady work , and I can guarantee bring in more customer . bartender ( nodd ) tell I , why would I need one little guitar player when I have already get a full band ? mariachi give he a silent " what " look . the bartender motion to a young man sit near the small drape table . the Young man remove the drape revealing a keyboard . put on he mariachi hat , dip he finger into he shot glass and rub he finger together ( as if warming up for the big show ) . he hit a few switch in extreme closeup as ... ... mariachi adjust himself to the seat . the Young Men gently tap one switch and the keyboard sound like a accordion , pulsing out a beat . he then press another switch and a horn section swell to a crescendo and waltze the familiar riff . he add the string and horn accent by bang on the key . he sound awful . mariachi grimace slightly then turn back to the bartender who seem to enjoy it . the keyboard mariachi finish he song , sit back down . bartender ( nodd with satisfaction ) there you see ? either I can pay one guy to sound like a full mariachi band ... mariachi pick up he guitar and lay some money next to he full drink . he look disappointed . bartender ...or I could spend the same money only get one little guitar player ... understand ? mariachi ( walk away ) thank you , sir . bartender you want to earn a live ? get a real musical instrument . the bartender pick up the bottle of soda pop mariachi leave behind and offer it to the other man on the table . they say no , pay , and leave . the bartender offer it to the mean dude at the table . they all shake they head no . the bartender shrug and dump it . ext . corona club - day mariachi walk out and look up and down the street . he decide to walk south . as he walk down the sidewalk , the camera pan into a closeup of another guitar case that be move towards the corona Club . the camera fall back a little revealing the backside of azul , dress also in black . azul walk into the bar . int . corona club - day azul enter the bar , notice to he leave the table with the four mean-look dude , drink and eat chip and salsa . the oldest one , with he back to azul , take a sip from he mix drink , then stand and excuse himself to the restroom . int . bathroom - old mean dude - day the Old mean dude walk into the first stall and sit down . int . corona club - azul - day the three remain dude notice azul 's guitar case . so do the bartender . they all look at each other and laugh . bartender ( laugh and roll he eye ) what the hell be this , mariachi day ? there be no work for you here ! azul walk the mean dude 's table . they laugh quiet down a bit as azul stand before they . the bartender stop smile . azul bartender ... one beer . the bartender nod and grab a frosty glass . he begin to fill up at the tap . azul ( without look at he ) in a bottle , wey . bartender stop fill the beer , stare at the half - full glass for a moment , then drink the beer . azul be stare at the three mean dude . they stare back . the bartender slap the unopen bottle down at the counter . bartender ready . azul do not pay attention to he . azul I be look for a old friend of mine . his name be ... moco . do you know where I can find he . MAIN mean dude you can sometimes find he here . he own this place . azul so you know he ? MAIN mean dude we work for he . azul that 's too bad . azul turn to the mean dude sit to he leave , and place the guitar in he hand . the mean dude be confuse . azul hold it please . azul open the case and pull out the mac - 10 . the other two mean dude be already reach for they pistol . the bartender duck beneath the counter . azul fire a million bullet into two of the mean dude , ( the other be hold the case in shock ) . they chest explode , cause neat little dollop of flesh and blood fly everywhere . the mean dude hold the guitar case be freeze with fear . he manage to look up at azul , who be watch the mean dude die a slow , bloody death . the barrel of the mac - 10 be smoking . azul turn slowly to the mean dude hold the case . azul aim he mac - 10 in the dude 's face . still freeze hold the case , he spend he last moment look down the gun 's barrel . int . bathroom - day the shot cause Old mean dude to peer out from he stall as the toilet paper fall to the ground and start to roll across the floor . he now watch it roll as more shot ring out . he pull up he pants and walk toward the door slowly . he be sweat profusely . he slowly pick up the toilet paper , plotting he next move . it grow silent ... he take a deep breath and rush out the door . int . corona club MAIN room - day the Old dude burst into the room with a roll of toilet paper in he hand , and a sheet of sweat slide down he face . the bartender rise up from behind the counter . the camera dolly slowly by the dead dude . they blood - bath face twisted into odd shape and expression . the camera continue to dolly to the one dead dude still hold the guitar case . his face be a bloody pulp . the camera stop dolly to the old dude 's mix drink . a hand be stir it with a straw . the camera pan up the arm to reveal azul , stand expressionless with he gun sling over he shoulder . shot at 16fp the Old dude quickly drop the toilet paper and run back inside the bathroom . azul turn to he guitar case and carefully choose another weapon . he grab the drink and toss a napkin over he arm like a waiter , then casually follow the Old dude into the bathroom . the bartender glance at each other . one pour a shot glass full of tequila and raise it to he lip to drink it . Shots ring out and the bartender spill the drink over himself . without warning azul burst from the bathroom and walk calmly to he case . he replace the weapon , pick up the case and leave . a few second pass before the bartender grab the phone and furiously dial . bartender ( into phone ) get I moco !!! the door burst open as azul reenter , storming to the bar . the bartender be so petrify he do not think to drop the phone . azul walk right up to the bartender . the bartender shut he eye . the sound of the beer bottle pop open can be hear , along with the sound of thirsty guzzle . the bartender open he eye to azul . closeup of the empty bottle slamm to the counter . the bartender glance down at the bottle . closeup of azul toss a few coin near the bottle as payment . azul leave . a few second pass as the bartender be stand there . you hear moco yell into the receiver ask what 's go on . ext . moco's ranch - day moco be on the porch try to get the bartender to answer he . moco ( into phone ) what' go on over there , answer I !!! int . corona club - bartender - day you hear moco 's voice through the phone . the camera dolly into the bartender as he scream into the receiver . the camera dolly in to the corpse ... ext . corona club - azul - day ... and finally a low outdoor frontal tracking shot of azul walk away smile as the image fade out . ext . HOTEL coahuila - day low angle of Hotel coahuila sign . mean dude # 5 enter the frame as he beeper go off . he run into the Hotel coahuila . int . HOTEL coahuila lobby - day mean dude # 5 enter the lobby where a old clerk be sit at the counter read a yellow newspaper . there be a pit bull on the floor beside he . mean dude # 5 Da I telefono . viejo clerk ( without look ) take it . mean dude # 5 grab the phone and dial moco 's number . he glance down at the pit bull lie on the floor . mean dude # 5 pit bull ? viejo clerk yeah , pit bull . the line be pick up and mean dude talk into the phone . he pull out a piece of paper from he coat pocket and place it on the counter . he begin jotting down four name . he then slowly cross they name out . mean dude # 5 ( into phone ) Dead ? the viejo clerk glance up from he paper . the pit bull also glance up . mean dude # 5 ( into phone ) all of they ? how long ago ? ok , what do this guy look like ? clerk go back to read he paper . pit bull be still pay attention , though . ext . HOTEL caohuila - mariachi - day same low - angle shot of the outdoor sign display the name Hotel coahuila . mariachi walk into frame , and pull out he wallet . mariachi pull out a few measly buck then seem to be consider what to do next . int . HOTEL coahuila lobby - day a inside shot look out of the front glass reveal mariachi look at he wallet as mean dude talk to the phone . no one notice he . mean dude # 5 ( into phone ) ... carry a guitar case ... and what be he wear ?... all black ... the pit bull turn and look out of the window . see mariachi , he get up and walk to it . ext . HOTEL coahuila - mariachi - day mariachi be put he last few dollar back into he wallet . as he be walk away he notice the pit bull and he bend down for a closer look . mean dude # 5 ( into phone ) do not worry , moco . we will find he , and we will mess he up real good . ( ad lib ) ext . HOTEL coahuila - day low shot with long lens at full zoom of mariachi tapping on glass . closeup of dog respond . closeup of mariachi tapping . int . HOTEL coahuila lobby - day mean dude hang up the phone . he write a few more thing . he turn to leave . mean dude # 5 gracias se ?or ... as he pass the camera you can see mariachi still play with the dog . Inside view closeup of mariachi tapping on glass . viejo clerk callate , hombre !!! slow motion sequence ( ? ) mariachi look up at the clerk , then stand . the mean dude turn around and look and look at the clerk . clerk turn to look at mean dude , who be walk back to the counter . mariachi pick he guitar from the ground . he be in full view , but no one be look at he . mean dude # 5 viejo , if you see anyone new in town , carry a guitar case , dress in black ... you can call this number , ok ? mean dude write down a phone number and the description of azul on a little card . viejo clerk ( nodd sarcastically ) and if I do not call , you will kill I ... mean dude ( hand he the card ) no . I will not kill you ... he will ... the sarcastic smile fade from the old man . mean dude walk away . the old man read the card , then glance out the window . mariachi be go . mariachi / mean dude # 5 outside HOTEL mariachi be turn a corner just as mean dude # 5 exit the hotel . the mean dude walk off in the other direction . ext . boystown SALOON domino be - day mariachi enter domino 's bar . domino be wait on a few bar bum that be nursing they jaw . mariachi sit with they , ask for a refresco , he get look again . domino serve he and he ask to see the owner . she say he 's look at the owner . he then ask she for work as a mariachi . she say she have no money to pay he . he look around the classy joint and know she 's lie ( it turn out to be true , she have no money ) . when he ask how a girl can take care of herself in a town like this she stuff a gun barrel in he mouth . he nurse he jaw , pay and leave , as the other laugh . mariachi check in to HOTEL - day mariachi enter the run-down lobby of the motel . the viejo clerk at the counter be read he yellow newspaper . mariachi see the pit bull lay by the counter . mariachi pit bull . viejo clerk yeah , pit bull . mariachi I need a cheap room for a week , and I would prefer to pay you in a few day , after I have find some work . viejo clerk s? , later ... mariachi thank you ... the Old man hand mariachi a key for the second floor . mariachi thank you , friend . as mariachi walk away , the clerk notice the guitar case and black clothes and he reread the card mean dude leave he . viejo clerk ( different tone of voice ) uh , excuse I se ?or ? I forget , I need a small deposit ... mariachi stop in he track . he turn back to the clerk slowly ... think . mariachi ( walk back slowly ) you can trust I . viejo clerk I be very sorry , se ?or. but ... how much can you spare ? the dog be watch the event . mariachi ( disappointed ) I have only get a few peso ... I plan on find work in town . viejo clerk ( grab money ) oh , that 's enough for now , sir , thank you and ... enjoy you stay . the clerk deposit the money , slam the register shut , and continue read he yellow paper . confused , mariachi pocket he empty wallet and turn to find he room . the clerk peek over he paper , eyeing the guitar case as mariachi go . he hear the sound of mariachi 's footstep trail off . the old man drop the paper and bolt silently to the phone as he dial El moco 's phone number ... int . mariachi be HOTEL room - day mariachi open he room , toss he guitar onto the bed and hang he jacket in the closet . he have only he white T-shirt underneath . he glance above the bed to a plaque bear a mace and two cross sword . he check out the shower and wash he face in the sink . he sit down on he bed . a few second later he drop back and lay there a minute before kick the door shut . he try to sleep . int . HOTEL coahuila lobby - day the Old clerk be talk on the phone to the bad guy . he hang up the phone , then reach into the back of he counter for a gun . he place it on the counter and cover it with he newspaper and continue read . int . mariachi be HOTEL room - day top shot of mariachi sleep . a shot of the mace on the wall . CUT to : dream in boystown - day ( 5.7 kinopic lens ) mariachi be suddenly sleep in the dirt . same top shot as in the hotel . he open he eye , then groggily he sit up . establishing shot of mariachi sit in the middle of a ghost town . he stand up . various shot of the empty town with nothing and nobody . medium shot dolly into mariachi as he stand , turn and see a boy bounce a ball in slow motion . the Boy stop short , hold the ball tight against the chest . mariachi glance around to maybe spot more people , before concentrate on the Boy . the Boy place the ball carefully on the ground , then gently roll it to mariachi . track shot of the ball roll to mariachi . the ball sound like a speed truck . mariachi smile at the boy . closeup of the ball roll . closeup of the Boy smile . mariachi bend to get the ball which make the sound of a screeching truck as it hit mariachi 's foot . mariachi notice that it 's a man 's severe head . int . mariachi be HOTEL room - day mariachi bolt up in bed . ext . HOTEL coahuila - mean dude # 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 & 9 - day the mean dude jump out of they truck and rush into the hotel , gun draw . int . HOTEL coahuila lobby - day the man burst into the lobby and the old man tell they the room number . they run out into the courtyard with the old man follow . the pit bull be uninterested in the action . ext . courtyard in HOTEL coahuila - day the mean dude run up the courtyard stair and kick open the first door they come to and start blast into the room . scream be hear . the man stand back , and finally look down the step at the viejo clerk who be wave he arm frantically . viejo clerk 127 !!! cuarto 127 , pendejo !!! they run to the room numbered 127 and cautiously stalk towards it as they reload they gun . int . mariachi be HOTEL room - day mariachi be sit on he bed listen to all this . he bolt to the restroom and turn to the shower . ext . HOTEL courtyard - day shot of man still stalking , cock pistol . Pov shot of what man see , as camera near the door . int . mariachi be HOTEL room - day mariachi rush out of the bathroom towards the door . mariachi' Pov as camera near the door , doorknob start to move . remember that he never lock the door , he jump to the side of the door as ... ext . HOTEL courtyard - day Men kick open the door and burst into the room . int . mariachi be HOTEL room - day low - angle shot as man burst in . there be no one in the room . mean dude # 5 hear the shower and motion to keep it down and stalk quietly ... they rush into the bathroom and start blast . mariachi slip out from behind the door and run out . ext . HOTEL courtyard - day mariachi run out of the room and jump off the stairwell onto the courtyard in front of the clerk . mariachi ( point to he room ) cuidado , viejo ! mariachi dart out into the lobby . the old man watch he go then turn he attention back to mariachi 's room . viejo clerk ( point in mariachi 's direction ) pendejos !!! int . HOTEL coahuila lobby - day the dog watch as mariachi toss he key into the cubby hole where they belong . mariachi then jump over the counter , bang key on the register to get it open . ext . HOTEL courtyard - day the mean dude run out of mariachi 's room , dart down the stair , pass the old man who be tell they where to go . int . HOTEL coahuila lobby - day mariachi , unable to open the register , jump over the counter . closeup of he foot as he land , cause the register to burst open . mariachi turn for a second to ponder get he money or risk die , but then he check to turn and run . two second later the mean dude run in , one jump over the counter to see if he 's there . ext . HOTEL coahuila - day mariachi run atop the mean dude ' park truck then jump into the bed of a pass truck . mean dude run outside . the dude have they hand up as if they do not know what to look for . mean dude # 5 he wear black ! Shots of lot of people walk around , wear black item . ext . down the block - day the truck turn a corner and the driver halt , come out with a gun and tell mariachi to get the hell out of he truck . mariachi leap out . he be about to continue run , but he stop , clenches he fist , and turn slowly as the camera dolly into he face . int . mariachi be HOTEL room - day camera dolly into the guitar case on mariachi 's bed . ext . down the block - day mariachi run back in the direction of the hotel , but as he turn the corner he have to slow down for the mean dude be everywhere . each one have he gun out and be look around for the man in black . mariachi walk slowly , whistling and nodd to everyone as they pass . a few look suspiciously at he but continue search . mariachi duck inside the hotel . int . HOTEL coahuila lobby - day mariachi enter the lobby and wink at the old clerk who be stand over he open register in shock . his eye widen when he see mariachi . he run out of the hotel . viejo clerk ( scream , point inside ) pendejos !!! int . mariachi be HOTEL room - day mariachi rush in , grab he jacket and put it on . he grab he guitar case and squeeze it tight , he eye shut . slow dolly into he , as he eye open . closeup of plaque on wall with mace and sword . he grab the mace , swinging it around a few time . he feel secure , now . he turn to leave . ext . HOTEL courtyard - day mariachi rush out the door , he look down and see the mean dude enter the courtyard . he duck he head back just as they look up to see he . mariachi run up a small flight of step , where he then toss he guitar onto a balcony , which he then jump over to himself . the man rush up the step shoot at the balcony . bullet narrowly miss mariachi as he climb over the balcony to safety . int . HOTEL hallway - day mariachi dash down the hallway out onto a balcony . he see no way down . ext . courtyard balcony - day the mean dude be climb over the balcony like spider . mariachi run back and slam he guitar into the first guy to make it over the balcony . his dummy fall down the stair and over the narrow railing . the dude splat on the ground in gruesome closeup . the old man look over at he as he die , then turn back as if nothing happen . mariachi bolt back down the hill . ext . front balcony - HOTEL coahuila - day mariachi be look down the balcony try to find a way to escape . mariachi look behind he . int . HOTEL hallway - day mean dude barrel down the hallway reloading the gun . ext . front balcony - HOTEL coahuila - day mariachi fling he mace over a electric cable , then stand on the balcony lip , place he guitar between he leg . ext . STREET shot outside HOTEL - day mariachi be slide down the cable and turn back to see mean dude fire gun at he . Bus stop in traffic and mariachi grab he guitar and jump onto the hood of the bus . ext . STREET - day mariachi jump onto another car and then down into the street . mean dude exit the hotel and chase he on foot while a few get in the truck and chase he . the truck take a short cut . mariachi be run through the sidewalk and street in front of curioso shop , jump small cart and child and car to escape the two man behind he . he enter a small cutoff where the truck try to stop he by head off . the bad guy stick they head and gun out of they window and laugh as they ready to shoot he . mariachi , though , already have build momentum , run right up the front of the truck as the guy try to shoot he but not succeed in only shoot each other as he run up and over the cab , into the bed , and onto the street . he swing he guitar case into another guy 's groin and grab he gun , re-aim it to shoot mean dude # 5 . mariachi shoot he in the arm , and mean dude # 5 drop he gun and cower away in pain . mariachi then turn the guy 's gun on he and shoot he in the chest . mariachi grab he case and as mean dude # 5 turn to get 's look at he , all he see be the case come into he face . mariachi head back for domino 's . int . boystown SALOON domino be - day mariachi stumble through city street , pause against a telephone pole as he gaze at domino 's saloon across the street . mariachi stumble across , almost get hit by a few car , and drag himself into the saloon . int . amadeus - day mariachi stagger into amadeus and wash he face in a fountain by the door . he make he way to the bar as a patron pay and leave . domino what happen to you , mariachi ? too much refresco ? mariachi I just kill four guy . domino turn around and look at mariachi , wonder hard be he 's joke . he lift up a bloody hand , grab a napkin , and then seem to ask permission with he eye before wiping he hand clean . domino be it true ? mariachi nod a ashamed yes . domino reach for she gun under the counter . the camera be on mariachi when she bring it out and point at he . mariachi ( exhaust ) wait a minute ... what 's you name ? domino domino . mariachi wait a minute , domino ! it be self - defense . she cock the pistol . mariachi ( frantic ) I be new in town . I do not know everyone !!! I have no friend here ... and no enemy . domino ( lowering the gun a bit ) thiefe ? mariachi ( nodd ) no way . they be well - dress man . I check into the cheapest hotel in town , no money , nothing of value , except this guitar and maybe this coat , which they could have take when I leave my room , but they do not . they be only interested in kill I . domino ( lift the gun back up ) so why do you come here ? you want to get I kill ? mariachi I need a place to stay until I figure this out . they have get I mix up with someone else . domino and you have never see they before ? not even in another town ? mariachi ( long pause ) be you say they follow I , a mariachi , here ? what for ? domino maybe they hate you music . mariachi stare at she expressionless . she stare back at he . domino maybe you be sing in another town , they hate you voice , and now they be try to kill you . mariachi be you serious ? domino ( nodd ) yes . she laugh . mariachi be you go to help I , or be I gonna have to die on you porch ? domino I have a room upstairs . my room . do not touch anything . I will be up after awhile and we can call a friend of mine . mariachi shake she hand . mariachi thank you . I will never forget this . he try to kiss she hand . she slide it away and effortlessly slap he . domino this way . he follow she to a doorway revealing a unlit staircase . when he enter , the darkness swallow he as she shut the door behind he . int . upstair domino' loft - day mariachi enter a roomy , luxurious apartment above the main bar . there be a free-stand porcelain tub in the center of the room . mariachi place he guitar halfway between the entrance and the tub . the camera be tracking backwards with he as he walk , make the room look endless . he remove he jacket as he make he way to the tub . he drop he jacket onto the floor and gently climb into the tub . the camera face he as he settles back . the camera slowly dolly into he as he lay back , cross he finger , and give a relaxed smile . int . amadeus - day domino be wash a glass . she then remember she have the gun in she waist belt , so she remove it and stick it back under the counter . wound mean dude # 5 come in limping . she take out a towel and drop it on the counter . mean dude # 5 good morning , domino . domino what happen ? mean dude # 5 give I the phone . I have to call moco . she bring up the phone and set it down where the cloth be . he pick up the cloth and wrap he arm with it . mean dude # 5 it 's not as bad as it look . domino , have anyone come through here ? a stranger , maybe ? domino this be a border town . I get stranger all the time . mean dude # 5 dress all in black , carry a guitar case ? domino no . mean dude # 5 well , he shot I ... and have kill ten of moco 's man ... all in one day . domino look a little upset . she slide the phone towards he a bit . domino be not you gonna call you boss ? mean dude # 5 ( nodd ) I have to tell moco that he get away again ... so , you better give I a drink first . domino smile and pour he half a beer mug with tequila . he laugh and drink . as he 's dial , the camera be on domino as she clean up a few thing , every once in a while glance upstairs . mean dude # 5 ( into phone ) moco , he get away . shot I in the arm . kill La palma . pepino , Sunday . this guy be one slick maricon . yeah . also , I do not get a look at he . so , unless he 's still carry that guitar around and have not change clothes , I will not even spot he , and I do not think he will be that obvious ... moco ( v.o. ) do not worry . if there 's one thing I know , it 's that he will always wear black and he will always carry that guitar with he . it 's he signature . besides , that 's not a guitar he 's carry . it 's a guitar case full of weapon . find he . mean dude hang up and put he head in he hand . domino que paso ? mean dude # 5 I screw up . the guy leave he guitar case in the hotel room . we chase he out , but he come back for the case . domino maybe he love he guitar . it 's probably a antique . mean dude # 5 it be not a guitar . it be a guitar case full of weapon that he use on he victim . adios , I be gonna take a nap . and thanks for the drink . mean dude # 5 stumble as he try to stand . mean dude # 5 if you see this guy , call we . he be about to walk off with the bloody towel and he turn back point at it . she wave she hand at he , as if granting he permission to take it . she clean he glass , and when he be go she slam the glass down and run for the stair . a few second later she come back into the bar , grab the gun from under the counter and call she assistant to watch the bar . he see the gun and wonder what she 's up to . she storm upstairs . int . domino' loft - day domino open the door abruptly and find mariachi take a bath . he bolt upright , pull a towel up from the floor and sit freeze wait for domino 's next move . she laugh and walk to the counter . domino ( friendly ) I think I tell you not to touch anything . mariachi sorry . I need to relax . I can ... domino ( smile ) no , it 's alright , finish up . do you want shampoo ? mariachi ( lay back , close eye ) yes , please . domino turn to a counter and she smile fade . she look like she want to rip mariachi 's throat out with she tooth . she put the gun down on the counter . she find a ominous - look knife and then grab a bottle of shampoo . she walk over to he , then pull the knife up to he throat with one hand while grab he hair with the other . he open he eye wide . the shampoo hit the floor and begin to roll . domino who be you ?! mariachi ( choke ) I be a musician ! the shampoo bottle roll into the guitar case and stop . domino see this , and with she foot reach out and pull the case toward she . domino what do you have in here ? gun ? knive ? mariachi try to catch he breath , pause before answer she as if wonder if all this be really happen . mariachi no ! my guitar ! domino slide she foot out of she shoe , and unsnap one of the latch with she toe . domino we will see ... she unsnap another . the latch snap loud and echo in the quiet room . mariachi gasp as she tighten she grip . domino you be very modest , mariachi ... she squeeze he hair and unsnap another latch . domino ( through gritt tooth ) you tell I you kill four man , when you really kill seven . or be they still breathe even you shot out they heart ? another latch snap . mariachi ( grow dizzy ) I be a mariachi ... SNAP ! mariachi ... not a murderer ... SNAP ! domino be not you go to watch ? she lift the lid with she foot . it seem a eternity before the case be fully open . domino be look into the case , but mariachi be not . he know what 's in there . mariachi I tell you ... I be a musician . slow dolly into the case , which contain a white , well - keep classical guitar . domino be see it , and for a moment she almost believe he be tell the truth . she rush to it , grab the guitar and toss it to mariachi . he catch it , choke after she release the blade . she be on the other side of the tub , now . she jam the knife down between mariachi 's leg . mariachi 's eye bug . domino play it . mariachi ( still choke ) W ... w... what ? domino shove the knife in deeper and mariachi grimace horribly . domino play it , damnit , play something sweet !!! mariachi be sweat and he face be extremely red . he pause for a long time before pluck a odd note . she squint as if she 's catch he . but he eventually start pick out a sweet little melody . domino ( grow impatient ) sing ! mariachi start to sing but choke on the word . he start over , play a " rancho Grande " sounding song with he own make up word . mariachi ( in a high sweet voice ) what be this place ? that treat I like a murderer ? they have all get they head up they butt ... even this beautiful girl , with a knife to my ball , should I kiss she or hit she ... or both ? he finish he song , bow and thanking he imaginary audience . domino be smile . she pull the knife slowly out of the water and wipe it off on she apron . domino you be a mariachi , all right . and a good one . mariachi bow a solemn thank you . mariachi I think this be the best I have ever play . you ... inspire I . closeup of the knife . she laugh . mariachi hire I . domino look at he with a silent " what ? " . mariachi I be good . hire I to play in you bar . I will work mostly from tip . but , I need steady work . domino I could not pay you . I have no money . mariachi this fancy place and you have no money ? domino it 's the truth . mariachi I will work for room and board , then . please , I be desperate . domino ( think ) will I have to keep a knife at you ball to get you to play like that ? mariachi ( smile ) not if you be pay I room and board . please ... until I find a permanent job . domino ( think ) you will not find a permanent job in this town ... but ok . she get up slowly , and turn to leave . mariachi settles back , smile triumphantly . suddenly she dart around and slam the knife between he leg again with a furious look on she face . he bolt up out of this triumphant daze with a look of complete shock . she loosen up and laugh . domino you be go to need a better sense of humor than that , if you be gonna work for I , kid . she fling she knife aside . it stick into a wall . she shrug , smile a beautiful smile , turn , and go downstairs . mariachi settles back down , close he eye . the knife slip out of the wall and clang to the ground . mariachi jump again , roll he eye , and sink underwater as the picture fade . int . amadeus - evening mariachi play in amadeus . int . azul' hideout - day camera track past a pool table where two rat be play nine ball . they make a few shot , then the phone ring . the camera continue to track past a small table where azul 's guitar case lie open . weapon adorn it , with each knife , each gun in its pocket , in its own place . the camera continue tracking to a dresser on which sit azul 's cellular phone . a delicate female hand lift the receiver . the camera be now position above the bed as the girl answer the phone . girl # 1 ( into phone ) yes ? one moment please ... he roll over and wake a girl sleep beside she . girl # 2 take the phone and pass it to a third girl as girl # 2 try to wake azul ( he be sleep between Girls # 2 and # 3 ) . girl # 3 have the phone to she ear as if listen for background conversation . the two rat play pool be stare longingly at the three Girls in azul 's bed . they look hungry and deprive . one hit the other , signal it 's he shot . while one shoot , the other watch . azul awaken and grab the phone . azul ( into phone ) yeah . ext . moco's ranch - day moco be sit in he pool . a swim waiter be bring he drink . moco ( into phone ) amigo ! I be glad I have reach you ! you have not answer all day . killing ten of my man must have be very time consume ! azul ( into phone ) six . moco ( into phone ) what ? azul ( into phone ) I have only kill six ! you be always bad at math , moco . I guess that 's why you never pay I half of the money . you think it all belong to you . moco ( into phone ) I know half be yours ... I get greedy , my friend . it 's my nature . but you !!! you be modest ! you have kill ten of my man !! I know , because I be have they bury in my yard right now . with my dog and cat . azul ( count on he finger , into phone ) I kill six . but do not bother count so soon . the number will triple by tomorrow . moco ( into phone ) I be sorry thing turn out this way . my friend . I get greedy . I should never have try to kill you . it would have be cheaper for I to pay you . now I have get to find ten new man . azul ( into phone ) six . moco ( into phone ) ten. azul ( into phone ) I tell you what . you give I my money , and I will not kill any more of you man ... and I will not kill you . moco ( take a sip , into phone ) no , it 's too late for that . we be go to have to see this through . azul ( into phone ) just like the moco I use to know . still wear white ? moco ( look down at he clothes , into phone ) what do you think ? azul ( into phone ) I think you should change clothes . I would hate to ruin a white suit with you stupid blood . azul hang up . he get dress and leave . the little rat be about to follow , but one Rat walk over to get one look at the girl . the girl tease he , and when he try to advance they , they pull gun and laugh as the Rat run away . int . amadeus - day domino walk by with a trash can . mariachi be sit on a barstool . mariachi I need to get my money back from that hotel . I will be right back . domino be you crazy ? if you go anywhere with that jacket and that case you could be kill . leave that stuff here . mariachi get up and be about to get he guitar case from under the stool . mariachi leave it under the stool and take off the jacket . mariachi I never go anywhere without it . take care of it . mariachi leave . domino drop the trash can and tell she assistant to watch the bar . she head for the staircase . int . domino' loft - day domino walk out onto she balcony , peer down into the street . Pov shot of mariachi walk through the street . domino turn and walk to the phone . she dial a number by heart and sit in a plush chair . ext . moco's ranch - day moco answer the phone . towel around he neck , wet hair . int . domino' loft - day domino ( dolly in slow , into phone ) hi. it 's domino . moco ( into phone ) I know who it be ... dolly into moco. int . HOTEL coahuila - day the clerk be read a paper . he hear a noise and pull it aside . mariachi be stand at the counter smile . the clerk jump in he seat , then after a few freeze second he set down he paper and reach for mariachi 's old room key . mariachi shake he head " no " , point to the register , and make the money sign with he hand . the clerk slowly move over to the register . he depress a few key to open it . it will not open . he make a gesture like it 's stick or something ( he be not very convincing ) . he try again and again ; each time pretend to get more impatient . mariachi glance down at the pit bull . the pit bull be eyeing mariachi . mariachi point to the clerk as if he have a inside joke with the dog ( " this guy ... " ) . mariachi climb over the counter and stand next to the clerk . the clerk think mariachi be a lunatic . mariachi hold up a finger as if cue the clerk for a demonstration . mariachi then leap over the counter landing firmly back on the other side of the counter . closeup of he foot landing hard , just as before . the register open . mariachi shrug , smile , and reach into the register , take he money out himself . he count it . after a brief consideration , he decide to leave the old man a tip . mariachi wave a " good - bye " wave and dance out . the old man , still stand there with he arm outstretch as if he be rob , dash to the phone and call moco 's man . int . amadeus - day the bar Assistant be clean the bar . he walk over to grab a few glass and when he return , azul be sit at the barstool mariachi be on earlier . the Assistant look around , wonder where azul appear from . assistant can I get something to drink or eat ? azul one beer . the Assistant grab a mug and start to fill it at the tap . he fill it halfway when ... azul in a bottle , wey . assistant ( laugh ) sorry . he grab a bottle and hand it to azul , then lift the mug , toast and drink it straight down . azul drink he straight down , too . azul ( look around ) be not there a girl that work here ? assistant yeah , she own the place . azul ( head a few bill to the Assistant ) she own it , now ? then she be moco 's girl ? assistant ( look around ) so-so . she 's onto this new musician . azul take out a few more bill and hand they to the Assistant , and begin to stand up . azul thank you . ext . STREET - day mariachi be out on the street , return to domino 's . ext . boystown SALOON - day as he cross the street he notice azul leave the saloon with a guitar case . mariachi run into the saloon . int . amadeus - day mariachi run inside and check to see if he case be still there . domino come downstairs . mariachi I just see a guy with a guitar case like mine . it 's he they want . domino ( to Assistant ) do he say anything ? assistant ( nodd ) no , he just order a drink . mariachi I do not look anything like he ... ext . STREET - day azul be walk to he truck when he turn to a corner and mean dude # 4 stick he gun in he face . two more gun appear , point at the back of he head . mean dude # 10 be this the guy ? mean dude # 5 I be not sure ... ext . down the STREET - day the two rat be in the blue truck half a block away . one hit the other to look at what 's happen to azul . Pov of rat see azul with three guy around he with gun . they look at each other , start the truck and speed away . ext . STREET - day mean dude # 5 what 's in the case ? azul my guitar . mean dude # 5 yeah ? you be one of that old - time mariachis , huh ? azul ( pause ) yes . mean dude # 5 ok , let 's take a look . mean dude # 4 take the case and lay it flat in azul 's palm . mean dude # 5 if it 's a guitar like you say it be , we will never bother you again ... mean dude # 4 unsnap two of the latch , SNAP ... SNAP . mean dude # 5 if it 's not ... he unsnap three more ... SNAP ... SNAP ... SNAP ! mean dude # 5 ... then we will spray paint this street with you brain . he point the gun deep into azul 's face and cock it . azul close he eye . mean dude # 5 lift the lid . azul hear a faint strumm sound , follow by the sound of the mean dude slamm the case shut . azul open he eye . the mean dude resnap the latch . SNAP ... SNAP ... SNAP -snap-snap !!! mean dude # 5 ( walk away ) sorry .... they walk away leave azul wonder what happen . int . amadeus - day domino , mariachi , and Assistant be stand at the bar . domino look , as long as you do not carry the case around , they will leave you alone . it 's that guy they be after . mariachi ( put on he coat ) I better put this upstairs ... he grab the case and begin to take it to the stair , but he pause for it feel different to he . he slowly look down at it . ext . STREET - day azul watch the mean dude go and when they turn the corner he put the case on the ground to open it . ext . around the corner - day the mean dude be round the corner , but mean dude # 5 , who be last , snap he finger and motion to the other to keep quiet and to watch azul int . amadeus - day mariachi shake the case , and put it on the counter as if to open it ... but he do not need to check it . he know it 's not he guitar . domino what 's wrong ? mariachi look at she startle , then run out of the bar with the case . ext . around the corner - day mean dude be watch azul unsnap he case . ext . STREET - day azul open the lid , revealing mariachi 's guitar . ext . around the corner - day mean dude # 5 that 's he ... the mean dude start walk towards azul as the camera track back with they . azul slam the case shut , wonder what the hell be go on . he look up and notice the mean dude walk towards he . he stand up and slowly walk in the other direction . ext . a block away - day mariachi be run through the street and onto the sidewalk . ext . STREET - day the bad guy be pull out they weapon . mariachi bolt around the corner . now everyone be on the same sidewalk . mariachi and azul be on each end of the street with the mean dude in between they . azul turn and see mariachi with he guitar case . mean dude # 5 turn and see mariachi , too . mean dude # 5 that 's he ... the two other mean dude exchange glance . mean dude # 5 stalk after mariachi , so the other two follow . mariachi look to azul for help . azul tip the imaginary hat to mariachi and walk away . ext . another STREET - day mariachi run through the street almost get hit . bullet be fly as the mean dude be fire at he as they run . ext . dead end - day mariachi leap up over a few car and end up in a dead end . he turn around , drop the case on the ground and open it . a million weapon seem to stare back at he when he open it . he be frantic . he grab a small gun , shake it in he hand , do not like the feel . he toss it back in . ext . STREET - day the mean dude be barrel down the street . one turn towards the dead end . ext . dead end - day mariachi pull out the mac - 10 and blast the first mean dude he see . he grab the case and run out into the street , jump onto a truck and blast the other mean dude from up there . he see mean dude # 5 run away . mariachi come off the truck and walk through the street in slow motion . people be stare at he as if he be azul the killer . mariachi walk straight to the bar . a boy be bounce a ball on one of the sidewalk . int . azul' hideout - day the camera dolly past the vacant pool table , and over to a Rat sit in a chair , drink a beer . the other Rat be pace back and forth in front of the sit Rat . azul enter the room . throw he guitar case onto the pool table as a grand entrance gesture . the sit Rat stand beside the pace Rat . rat # 1 I be sorry we leave ... rat # 2 ... we do not know what to do ... rat # 1 ... we figure you could defend yourself !!! Rat # 2 nod in agreement . azul unsnap one of the latch . SNAP ! azul you think I could defend myself ... SNAP ! SNAP ! azul ... against three armed man ... SNAP ! azul ... use this ? he open the case and the guitar sparkles at they . the rat exchange glance . they look at the guitar then back at azul . azul my case get switch with some maricon mariachi ! rat # 1 where be this mariachi ? azul he 's dead by now ... so , I want you to go look for my case . the two rat be about to leave . azul leave I a weapon . both rat take out they gun . azul take Rat # 2's gun . azul that be disloyal of you to leave I out there . you should be as loyal to I as you be to each other . the rat exchange glance , then aim they eye back to the floor . azul turn to Rat # 2 . azul be you loyal ? rat # 2 ( after glance at Rat # 1 ) yes . azul ( to Rat # 1 ) be you loyal ? rat # 2 yes . azul gesture to Rat # 2 . azul then shoot he . Rat # 1 turn to Rat # 2 who be in shock . azul you be loyal , be you not ? shoot he . or I shoot you . azul aim he gun at Rat # 1 , who immediately aim he gun at Rat # 2 . Rat # 2 be sweat bullet . Rat # 1 put he gun down . rat # 1 I can not . azul why not ? rat # 1 you say we should be as loyal to you as we be to each other . I could not shoot he , for that would be as disloyal as shoot you . Rat # 2 glance back and forth between Rat # 1 and azul . azul very good . now go find my case . azul put he gun down and motion the rat to leave . they leave . when they exit , Rat # 1 turn to Rat # 2 and snap he finger . Rat # 2 shake he hand . they leave . int . domino' loft - night domino be dabbing hydrogen peroxide onto a cotton swab . she apply it to mariachi 's body scar on he back . mariachi have he eye close . he wash the blood from he face . mariachi where be you when he come into the bar ? domino I be on the phone , talk to a friend that know what 's go on . mariachi do you mention I ? domino no ... he tell I the man in black be azul . mariachi if he name be azul , why do not he wear blue ? domino I do not know ... anyway , he 's kill the man of the town drug dealer . the dealer 's name be mauricio . but he 's know as moco . mariachi and moco be send this man to find azul . so , why do they chase I ? domino they have never see azul ... only moco know he . my friend say the description moco give he man be that he wear black , and carry a guitar case . sound like you , no ? mariachi could not you tell you friend that there be two people like that in he town ? one be a killer , and one be a mariachi . domino only special people can talk to moco . besides , you have kill a few of he man , now . you best option be to keep out of sight , stop wear black , and to hide that stupid case until this be all over . ext . moco's ranch - day mean dude # 5 come in and approach moco . mean dude # 5 he get away ... but I get a good look at he . moco take out a cigarette and put it in he mouth . mean dude # 5 coca , caca , Beto be kill . moco take out a match . mean dude # 5 he will not get away again , moco . I promise . moco light he match across mean dude # 5 's face and light he cigarette . mean dude # 5 walk away , as moco flick he match at he in slow motion . int . domino' loft - night mariachi be about to lay on the floor . she toss he a blanket . mariachi be you always close Monday night , or do you close since I can not play my guitar tonight ? domino monday be my day off . want to play a game ? mariachi sure . the phone ring . domino get up to answer it . mariachi reach under he blanket for a small mirror and comb he hair , put spit in he hair to slick it down . he quickly stashes the mirror . domino ( into phone ) hello ? moco ( into phone ) come see I . domino ( into phone ) I can not . moco ( into phone ) please . moco be sit at a table play card . domino ( into phone ) I do not feel well . I have get to go . moco ( into phone ) have you ride the bike ? domino ( into phone ) no ... I have get to go ... she hang up . mariachi boyfriend . domino ( quiet as if think ) no ... mariachi I can not figure out something . you tell I you be poor . poor family . yet you have get this place . domino ( sighing ) this place be a gift . mariachi from who ? domino from mauricio . mariachi from EL moco ? the man try to kill I ? domino he 's not try to kill you , he man have you confuse with azul . mariachi same thing . domino look , you know how if you want to impress a girl , you send she flower , candy , jewelry until you win she love ? mariachi yes . domino if one present do not work , you keep send bigger and better thing until you win she or you be break ? mariachi correct ... domino well , mauricio send I flower , then jewelry , then he give I a job at he saloon , then he give I the whole saloon ... etc . mariachi he 's still give you thing ? domino he will never run out of money . mariachi and you accept it all ? what 's the last thing he send you ? domino walk over to the counter and pick up a key . domino a motorcycle . mariachi laugh . domino he want I to ride out to he ranch when I have decide to be he . he think he 's close to have I . mariachi be he ? domino ( pause ) he be . she sit next to mariachi . domino not anymore . they kiss . she get up and be about to turn off the light . mariachi so , you really be from a poor family . click ! domino ( in the dark ) I remember when I be grow up , we be so poor , that my brother and sister and I all sleep on the same blanket stretch out across the floor . we have to sleep in a circle , with we finger in each other 's ear , to keep the bug from crawl into they . mariachi ( after a pause ) ay , wey ... domino laugh . int . amadeus - day domino hand mariachi a wad of money . mariachi see the money and look up at she bewilder . domino here 's a little bit I have save . I want you to go get a new guitar . mariachi start to put up he hand as if to refuse it . domino take it , stupid . I be not say go by the best one , just a temporary one so you can play again tonight . mariachi stop and think ... he look up at she questioningly , then he shrug a " ok " and grab the money and jog out excitedly . domino be smile . ext . STREET - day mariachi walk down the sidewalk , pass curioso shop . the camera be low and zoom in all the way . mariachi stop by one of the window that have a guitar in the glass . he pull he money and count it . he stop after he notice someone 's reflection in the window . he turn around and see it be mean dude # 5 right across the street . he meet up with another mean dude . they be stand right behind mariachi . mariachi be pretend to still look at the window . the mean dude walk past mariachi so mariachi walk in the opposite direction . mean dude # 5 stop and then turn around slowly . Far zoom shot of mariachi walk down the street with guy behind he . they start after he . mean dude # 5 that 's he ... track shot follow mariachi . track shot in front of mean dude walk at mariachi . mean dude # 5 pull out a small walkie-talkie and call he buddy in the truck a block away . mean dude # 5 ( into walkie- talkie ) loco , he 's head you way ... black pants , white shirt . in a truck down the STREET loco start the truck and start drive slowly across the street . as he turn on the corner , mariachi see the truck and casually climb inside and hide in the back . mean dude # 5 turn the corner when whisper into walkie-talkie . mean dude # 5 ( into walkie- talkie ) where do he go , loco ? loco ( laugh , into walkie - talkie ) he get in my truck . mean dude # 5 laugh . mean dude # 5 ( into walkie- talkie ) take he around the block . mean dude # 5 tap he buddy and they start run down the block . mariachi be in back the truck search for a weapon . the truck stop . mariachi roll to the side and gently lift he head . Pov mariachi see the two mean dude walk at he . mariachi turn and loco be there to knock he in the face with the rifle butt . mariachi fall into truck , blood trickle from he dizzying head . he try to get up a bit , but loco be in the truck now , and slam the rifle down into he face hard ... blackout . dusty road to moco be mariachi be unconscious in the back of loco 's truck . mean dude # 5 and other mean dude be riding in back with mariachi . ext . road to moco be - day the above scene intercut back and forth with the arrival of loco . loco arrive at the gate , mean dude # 5 open the gate , they drive through . the truck be face moco so he can not see mariachi yet . mean dude # 5 close the gate and walk over to the truck , open the back door , and call moco over . moco walk over to the truck and look inside . ext . truck - day mariachi be lay there unconscious , moco put he arm around mean dude # 5 , who be look very proud , and moco pull out a cigarette and a match . moco that 's not he . moco strike the match behind mean dude # 5's head . mean dude # 5 stop smile . int . amadeus - day domino be wait on customer . she glance at she watch . a few second later she glance at it again . she look very worried . int . azul' hideout - day azul 's rat burst into the hideout . four girl pop up over the partition with gun . the rat stop in they track . the girl sigh a " oh , it 's they " sigh and slink back to bed . top shot of they try to wake azul . azul wake up and look over the partition . azul where 's my case ? rat # 1 we could not find it . rat # 2 we hear they catch you and be take you to moco 's ranch . rat # 1 ... so we come to see if it be true . azul think a moment . he stand up . azul they catch the mariachi . azul dress , smile ... int . moco's ranch - day mariachi be in a hold cell at the ranch . he twitches , finally waking up . he see a guard outside and find a way to escape . he grab the guard 's assault rifle and turn a corner . two man grab he . he slam the butt of the rifle , knock the wind and tooth out of bad guy # 1 , then he kick down and break the shin bone of bad guy # 2 who scream out in agony . mariachi silence he by karate punch he throat . the bad guy gurgle and hit the ground . angle from the ground as mariachi smashes the guy with be gun . he crawl up a wall , try to escape as quietly as he can . he see two more men run towards he since they hear some noise . mariachi aim he assault rifle at the blue chevy park behind he . he fire and it explode . mariachi jump loco , get he to drive he to the saloon . he also take loco 's money . ext . boystown SALOON - day azul walk into frame , look around then proceed into the bar . int . amadeus - day azul go inside and find domino tend the bar . domino what can I get you ? azul one beer . she grab a bottle and slam it down on the counter unopen . he eye she admirably and then pop the top with one hand . he guzzle the drink , slamm it down empty . domino anything else ? azul ( nodd ) my guitar case . domino where 's mariachi ? azul where 's my case ? domino upstair . azul get it . domino grab another beer for he and run to get the case . ( in between this time , mariachi escape with loco . ) she return , slamm it to the floor . azul if you want you mariachi back , come with I . domino why will you help I ? azul because you know where moco 's ranch be ... I do not . domino call she Assistant . azul you help I , I will help you . domino let 's go . they leave . the Assistant tend to the bar . road to moco be they drive out to moco 's ranch in azul 's truck . Little do they know , they pass loco 's truck with mariachi crouch in the passenger seat . he get up after the truck pass . mariachi do not know it be domino in azul 's truck or he could have turn around and keep she from go to moco 's ranch . they arrive at the gate and get out of the truck . domino ( over the gate ) mauricio !! azul grab domino and point a gun to she head . he whisper to she ... azul play along ... he kick at the gate . azul open the gate or she 's dead ! the gate open and we see moco stand at a three - quarter stance , flanke with he man on both side . azul drag domino in and face she at moco with a gun to she head . moco ( to domino ) I be sorry he use you to get to I , domino . azul cock the pistol . moco azul , let she go and you will get you money . azul moco , give I my money or I ruin you clothes with she blood . moco signal he man to get the money . domino what have you do with mariachi ? moco who ? domino the musician you man confuse with azul . moco ( stare at she ) so that 's why you be busy that night ... azul be glance between domino and moco . moco ... you have that little monkey climb all over you . azul give I my money or I kill she now !!! moco after all I have do for you , this be how you treat I ? domino I never ask you for anything until now . let mariachi go . azul be anxious now . azul I swear I will kill she ! moco no you will not . I will . moco pull out he gun and shoot she in the heart . she fall limp in azul 's arm . azul try hold she up , but she 's dead . azul rest she on the ground , look down at she , wonder why it 's all come to this . azul all I want be my rightful share . but you have get to kill everybody . moco you feel sorry for she , do not you ? see , that 's why you can not ever be as big as I . azul slowly look at moco . moco ( aim gun ) because you have too much heart . moco shoot azul in the heart . azul have he hand to he side , and now he fall to he knee . moco shoot he again , and azul die next to domino . mean dude # 5 be exchange glance with the other . no one seem to be on moco 's side . ext . near SALOON - day mariachi be still in loco 's truck . mariachi stop here . loco stop the truck and mariachi get out . loco drive back when mariachi motion for he to leave . mariachi watch he go then dash around the corner to the saloon . int . amadeus - day mariachi run into the bar ... mariachi domino !!! we be leave !!! right now !!! the Assistant rush over to mariachi . assistant she 's go . mariachi where be she ? assistant look for you . mariachi be about to race upstairs . assistant she give the case back to that guy . she leave with he to find you . mariachi try to make sense of it all for a minute before grab the gun from under the counter and rush upstairs . int . domino' loft - day mariachi grab the key to the motorcycle and run out . the motorcycle burn down the road . mariachi on the road to moco be mariachi barrel down the road on the motorcycle . ext . moco's ranch - day moco be walk away from the body . moco bring that musician out here so he can be reunite with my domino . some man go to check . cut back and forth with mariachi come . men he 's go , sir . moco find he !! mariachi ride through the semi-open gate ... stop at the body . he dismount the bike and hold domino . he have the gun in the back of he pants . you can see it while he back be to the camera and man be approach he . moco come for the show . moco ( good shot ) so you be the little mariachi that come to town , kill my man , and steal my girl ... mariachi slowly lift he eye to moco . moco you be very talented . mariachi stand , hand up . moco I bet you play the guitarra real well , huh ? mariachi say nothing . moco ( raise gun ) not anymore . moco fire into mariachi 's leave hand . mariachi grimace , crumble to the floor . he keep a tight grip on he hand . when he open he hand to see the damage , the camera can see right through he hand for a reverse shot of he face through the hole . moco now get the hell off my property and take you hand with you !!! moco be laugh and look at he man for support , but no one else laugh . mariachi try to stand , but he fall back . when he rise again he have the gun in he hand . he shoot moco in the chest . moco fall back and hit the ground hard . he gasp for air ... moco 's man gather around he . mean dude # 5 crouch down to check moco 's throat pulse . moco 's dead . mean dude # 5 strike a match across moco 's face and light up a cigarette . he turn and walk away . the other follow . mariachi wrap a tourniquet on he arm , kiss domino , open azul 's case , see the weapon , and ride off with it . mariachi on the road he look back at the town behind he , then place he hand on the motorcycle to drive off . we notice the metal brace on he hand . mariachi ride into the sunset road . he speed past a sign : " acu-a 18 mile " " come soon EL mariachi ii " fade out : the end