the pianist by Ronald hardwood < !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> the pianist by Ronald harwood base on the publish memoir by wladyslaw szpilman final draft , 1998 note : unless otherwise indicate , all dialogue speak by Germans will be in the german language and subtitle . fade in : int . warsaw ( archive ) - day Black and white . Street scene . people toing and froing . a man rattles by . superimpose caption : warsaw 1939 int . studio , radio station , warsaw - day wladyslav szpilman play chopin 's nocturne in C sharp minor , posthumous . he 's twenty - eight year old , elegant and handsome . in the booth , separate from the studio by a glass screen , a engineer , wear collar and tie , monitor the broadcast . behind he , a window to the street with strip of paper tape on it as protection against blast . without warning , a bomb drop nearby , then another and another . the whole building shudder alarmingly and the window in the booth shatter . the engineer and szpilman exchange a look as a man enter the booth and talk urgently to the engineer , then go . the engineer make a ' cut-throat ' gesture , but szpilman shake he head , determine to play on . he play , then glance at the booth . the engineer have go , but through the shattered window he see fire raging . very near , a loud , terrifying explosion . the reverberation cause plaster to flake and dust to trickle down over he face . and then a bomb explode even closer . the glass screen separate booth from studio implode , shower szpilman with glass . he stop , freeze . int . stair and lobby , radio station - day pandemonium . Chaos . people rush in all direction , many carry file , box , papers , shouting , call . some of the man in military uniform . the bombing continuous . szpilman fight he way down the stair . he have a small cut on he forehead and be dabbing it with he handkerchief . he have a daze look . halfway down the stair , a young woman , dorota , tug at he sleeve : dorota Mr. szpilman . he turn , to see a extremely pretty young woman gaze adoringly at he while they be jostle and shove . his eye light up . szpilman hello . dorota I come specially to meet you today . I love you play , but what a day to choose . szpilman who be you ? dorota my name 's dorota , I be Jurek 's sister . oh ! you be bleed . szpilman it 's nothing . jurek push in beside they and take she arm . jurek c'mon , dorota , you can write he a fan letter later , this be not the best time , c'mon . Jurek , pull dorota , fight he way down the stair . szpilman ( call ) Jurek , why have you be hide she ? and he , too , be carry with the flow into the lobby . debris everywhere . szpilman fight to get to the main door , when another bomb explode , fill the air with dust and debris , obscure he and everyone else . int . warsaw apartment - dusk the szpilman family in panic : come and go out of room , pack clothes and belonging into open suitcase and a trunk in a comfortable , tastefully furnish bourgeois apartment , the live room line with book , painting and boast a boudoir grand , silver platter and candlestick . the family consist of mother , in a state of great anxiety , father , regina , twenty -six , halina , twenty - two , and henryk , twenty - four , the only one not in movement . he sit by the radio set , ear to the speaker , try to tune to a station . no bomb now , just the distant sound of artillery fire . Father , hold a silver - frame photograph , cross to mother . father what you think , should I take uncle szymon 's photograph ? mother take it , do not take it , take what you like . can not you see I be worried sick ? father he will come home , he will be all right . he go into he room . she can barely control she tear and hurry into the kitchen just as the front door open and szpilman enter , look round bemuse by the activity . regina mama , wladek 's home . mother dash out of the kitchen . mother thank God - wladek ! you be wounded . szpilman it 's a little cut , nothing . mother I have be worried sick . henryk I tell she not to worry . you have you papers on you . if you would be hit by a bomb , they would have know where to take you . the girl suppress smile . mother henryk , do not say thing like that , God forbid , God forbid . halina ( call through a door ) papa , wladek 's home . Father appear in the doorway , beam , clutching a violin case . father what do I tell you ? szpilman ( look around the room , bemuse ) what be you do ? regina what 's it look like we be do ? the toing and froing continue non-stop . szpilman ( to Henry k ) they bomb we , we be off the air . henryk Warsaw 's not the only radio station . mother pack , darling , get you thing , pack . szpilman where be we go ? mother out of Warsaw . szpilman out of Warsaw . where ? regina you have not hear ? szpilman Heard what ? regina have not you see the paper ? where 's the paper ? she start to look . the other continue to bustle and pack . halina I use it for pack . regina ( exasperate ) she use it for pack . father the government 's move to lublin . halina all able-body man must leave the city , go across the river and set up a new line of defence , that 's what it say . father there 's hardly anybody leave in this building , only woman , the man have go . szpilman and what do you think you will do while you be set up a new line of defence ? wander round lug you suitcase ? mother pack , wladek , there 's no time . szpilman I be not go anywhere . halina good ! I be not go anywhere either ! mother do not be ridiculous , we have get to keep together . szpilman no , no , no , I be stay put . if I be go to die , I prefer to die at home . mother God forbid ! henryk sssh ! crackle , whistle and static from the radio . henryk ssh ! I have get something , listen ... they gather round . radio announcer ... a important announcement . News have just be receive through the BBC that great Britain , have have no reply ... ( static ) ... and therefore have declare war on Nazi Germany ... ( a collective gasp ) ... next few hour ... await latest news ... henryk hit the set . radio announcer ... but France be expect to make a similar announcement ... ( static ) ... Poland be no longer alone . the Polish national anthem play . all be still . int . warsaw apartment - night Father pour liqueur into glass . the family be seat around the dining table , have just finish a meal . the table groan with the remain of the dinner . szpilman have a plaster over he cut . henryk ( lighting up a cigarette ) mama , that be a great dinner . szpilman it certainly be . mother when there 's something to celebrate , you have get to make a effort . the glass be hand round . father here 's to great Britain and France . they all clink glass and drink . father I tell you . do not I tell you ? all will be well . ext . ruined warsaw STREET - day a column of german Soldiers , lead by a officer on horseback , march into view . on the sidewalk of the street , with its building in ruin , smoke still rise , stand onlooker , include szpilman and henryk , and a little behind they , Father , craning to see . they watch , expressionless , as the Germans march past . int . warsaw apartment - day Regina be open and close the window , examine the frame with she finger . halina be on a box , remove and replace book . mother sit at one end of the table , polish a man 's watch and chain . at the other end , Father sit count a small stack of note and coin . henryk be deep in think and szpilman be fiddling with he father 's violin . the apartment have less furniture now and the silver have go . father ( finish the count ) five thousand and three . mother be that all ? father yes , five thousand and three zloty , that 's all we have get leave . regina it 's three thousand and three zloty too much , ( read from newspaper ) ' re : further restriction regard liquid asset : Jews will be allow to keep a maximum of two thousand zloty in they home . ' mother what be we suppose to do with the rest ? halina deposit it in a bank . blocked account . henryk bank ? who would be stupid enough to deposit money in a german bank ? regina we could hide the money here in the window frame . father no , no , no . I will tell you what we will do . we will use try and test method . you know what we do in the last war ? we make a hole in the table leg and we hide the money in there . henryk and suppose they take the table away ? mother what d' you mean , take the table away ? henryk the Germans go into jewish home and they just take what they want , furniture , valuable , anything . mother do they ? father idiot ! what would they want with a table ? all look at the table : it 's cover in stain and the veneer be come away at one end . a table like this ? he poke he finger under the veneer . it snap , revealing bare wood beneath . mother what on earth be you do ? halina there 's a good place under the cupboard . henryk no , no . listen , I have be think -- szpilman that make a change . henryk you know what we do ? we use psychology . szpilman we use what ? henryk we leave the money and the watch on the table . and we cover it like this . ( cover it with the newspaper ) in full view . the Germans will search high and low , I promise you , they will never notice it . szpilman of course they will notice it . but look -- ( lift the violin fingerboard . ) this be a good place for something . henryk a good place for what ? ( to the other ' ) he 's insane ! szpilman just shut up . father ( overlap ) my violin ? they all talk at once . regina quiet ! quiet ! order , please , order ! halina she 's a lawyer , she like order . regina listen , just listen . let 's come to a agreement . we jam the money in the window frame . the watch we hide under the cupboard . and the chain we put in the violin . a brief silence . father will I still be able to play ? szpilman let 's find out . they start to hide the thing . int . warsaw pharmacy - day szpilman be on the public telephone , wait for someone to answer he call . then : szpilman Jurek ? wladek szpilman . jurek ( filter ) wladek ! how be you ? szpilman Fine , we be fine , thank you , and you ? jurek ( filter ) Fine , we be fine in the circumstance . but I can guess what you have call about . there 's nothing we can do ; they will not reopen the station -- szpilman ( try to interrupt ) yes , I know , but Jurek , Jurek ... jurek ( filter ) ... not even music , nothing , no radio for the pole . but I be sure you will find work , wladek , a pianist like you . szpilman maybe , maybe not , but , Jurek , do not be offended , I do not call to discuss my future career . ext . warsaw STREET and cafe paradiso - day szpilman and dorota stroll along a tree-line street with bomb - out building and rubble . she flick admire , almost loving glance at he as they walk and talk . and he be smile , touch by she . dorota I nag Jurek for week and week . and at last he give in and say , ' all right , come with I tomorrow , ' and so I come and they bomb the station . szpilman you know something ? meeting you like that be absolutely wonderful . dorota really ? szpilman yes ! ( he look at she , smile ) it be ... it be unforgettable . she 's embarrassed . dorota I have always love you play , Mr. szpilman . szpilman wladek , please . dorota no one play chopin like you . she begin to laugh . szpilman I could accompany you , I on the piano , you on the cello . they become almost helpless , hold on to each other . dorota oh , Mr szpilman , you be quite ... quite wonderful . szpilman wladek , please . amidst they laughter , he take she hand and kiss it . int . warsaw apartment - night the family be gather around the table , listen to Father read from the newspaper . the apartment have even less furniture now . the painting be go . father ( read ) ' re : emblem for Jews in the Warsaw District . I hereby order that all Jews in the Warsaw District will wear visible emblem when out of door . this decree will come into force on the 1st December 1939 and apply to all Jews over twelve year of age . the emblem will be wear on the right sleeve and will represent a blue Star of David on a white background . the background must be sufficiently large for the Star to measure eight centimetre from point to point . the width of the arm of the Star ( read ) must be one centimetre . Jews who do not respect this decree will be severely punish . Governor of Warsaw District , Dr. Fischer . ' silence . then : henryk I will not wear it . regina will not wear it . I be not go to be brand . szpilman ( grab the newspaper ) let I see this . father do not it say we have to provide this armband ourselves ? where will we get they ? henryk we be not go to get they . we be not go to wear they ! silence , each lock in they own thought . ext . warsaw STREET - day Father , wear the Star of David armband , walk slowly along , carry a string bag contain potato and carrot , he eye fix on the pavement as if he thought be a million mile away . he pass two german officer . they stop . german officer ( a harsh shout ) you ! Father stop , turn fearfully and approach the Germans . german officer why do not you bow ? father ( remove he hat ) I be sorry I ... I german Officer crack he hard across the face , catch he ear . Father reel , collect himself as best he can and start to shuffle on - german officer ( call after he ) you be forbidden to walk on the pavement . walk in the gutter ! Father step off the pavement and walk in the gutter . the german turn and go . Father walk on . int . warsaw apartment - evening szpilman compose at the piano . he play , make adjustment with a pencil to the manuscript , play again . the flat be almost bare . halina , enter with a newspaper . halina have you see this ? szpilman ( irritate ) what , I be work , what ? she hand he the paper . he look at it . his expression darken . insert : the newspaper . a map of the propose jewish area : two distinct district , one large , one smaller . sipilman' voice what be it ? halina' voice that 's where they be go to put we . sipilman' voice what d' you mean , put we ? the apartment : she look over he shoulder and read . as she do so , the door of henryk 's room open and he stand lean in the doorway , watch , as if amused . halina ' by order of the Governor of the Warsaw District , Dr. Fischer , concern the establishment of the jewish District in Warsaw . there will be create a jewish District in which all Jews live in Warsaw or move to Warsaw will have to reside . " and look here : ' Jews live outside of the prescribe area will have to move to the jewish district by 31st of October 1940 . ' szpilman gaze at the map , horrify . szpilman but ... they will not get all of we ... we will ... it 's too small ... there 's four hundred thousand of we in Warsaw ! henryk no . Three hundred and sixty thousand , so it will be easy . he laugh but they be disturb by a sound from another room , the sound of cry . they look at each other puzzle , then halina open a door and look in . szpilman and henryk join she . bedroom : Father be asleep but mother be sit on the bed , hold a purse , cry . halina sit beside she , put a arm round she . halina mama , what be it ? mother open the purse to reveal a crumpled note . mother twenty zloty . that 's all we have get leave . what can I buy with twenty zloty ? ( break down ) I be sick of cooking potato , potato , potato . she weep . halina try to comfort she . szpilman and henryk watch . int . szpilman apartment , sliska STREET - night hand on the piano keyboard . podgy , hairy hand with dirty nail . they play a octave , harsh , toneless , with straight finger . the hand belong to Mr lipa , a dealer , early fifty . he sit at the piano , now examine the lacquer . Regina stand in the bow , watch he . henryk be at the table , also watch intently . szpilman sit apart , aloof , he back to the piano and to Mr lipa . mr lipa that 's the price . that 's what I be offer . and my advice be to accept . you will not get more from anyone else . regina but ... but it 's a steinway , Mr lipa ... mr lipa two thousand . my advice be to take it . what you go to do when you be hungry ? eat the piano ? henryk suddenly make a lunge for he , grab hold of he , a rough struggle take place and during it mother and Father appear at they bedroom door to watch , appal . henryk get out ! you be a thieve bastard , we do not want you money , get out ! we would rather give it away ! get out ! Regina try physically to restrain he . mr lipa ( overlap , ward off Henry k ) hey ! hey ! what 's the matter with you ? have not you eat today , what you suffer from ? hey ! regina ( overlap ) henryk , stop it , leave he alone . mr lipa ( recover , catch he breath , overlap ) you people be crazy ! I be do you a favour , two thousand , and I be pay for the removal , I be not even charge for the removal . henryk subside , glower at he . mr lipa you have not eat today , you be crazy ... suddenly : szpilman ( turn to they , severe ) take it . ext . STREET leading to ghetto - day autumn a great column of Jews of all age make they way towards the area that will become the ghetto . on foot , on bicycle , on horse - draw platform , some push pram load with belonging . a great move mass of humanity . they be watch on either side of the street by pole . on a horse - draw platform , the szpilman with they belonging . all wear armband . szpilman , halina and henryk walk beside the platform with mother , Father and Regina seat on it . szpilman catch sight of someone among the onlooker , smile and push through the crowd to dorota , close to tear . szpilman dorota ! dorota I do not want to come , I do not want to see all this , but I could not stop myself . szpilman how be you do ? dorota Fine , no , not really , they arrest my cousin , but Jurek say they ' will let he out . ( stop , tear in she eye . ) this be disgraceful . szpilman do not worry , it will not last long . dorota that 's what I say , it 's so - it 's too absurd ! szpilman I will see you ... soon . he smile and run to catch up with he family . he look back , but dorota be lose to sight and the procession continue on its way . int . / ext . ghetto apartment and STREET - day two room on the third floor : a live room and a kitchen . the szpilman be unpack they belonging in silence . Father pause for a moment to take stock . father to tell you the truth , I think it would be worse . szpilman how will we sleep ? mother I will sleep with the girl in the kitchen . you , henrykc and papa in here . halina ( at a window ) look ! come and look ! they all go to the window and look out . they Pov - the street . further along , man be building a wall across the street . ext . ghetto wall - day a series of shot : the wall . the wall . the wall . ext . market area , ghetto - day Winter . cold , freezing day . slush underfoot . great activity . people sell shoe , clothes , carpet , curtain , food . a woman offer cake under a barb - wire cover . noise , bustle , restless wing and froing . among the trader , henryk , slightly shabbier now , and at he foot a basket with book . he hold a couple of volume in he hand , try to interest passer - by . szpilman , also a little shabbier , wend he way through the setter and buyer , the beggar , the passer - by , and reach henryk . henryk drop the two volume into the basket , take a handle one side of the basket , szpilman the other . they set off . as they walk , carry the basket between they , pass beggar and child ask for food : szpilman you sell anything ? henryk just one . dostoevsky . the idiot . Three zloty . szpilman that 's better than yesterday . henryk Three lousy zloty . and there be people here make million . szpilman I know . henryk you do not know , believe I . they bribe the guard . the guard turn a blind eye . they be bring in cartload , food , tobacco , liquor , french cosmetics , and the poor be die all around they and they do not give a damn . suddenly , a woman appear in front of they , barring they way . she 's brightly rouge with thickly paint eyebrow , dress in a old green velvet curtain with a unsteady mauve ostrich feather rise from she straw hat . the feather woman Excuse I , but have you by any chance see my husband izaak szerman ? szpilman I be afraid not . the feather woman a tall handsome man with a little grey beard ? they shake they head . the feather woman no ? ( she be near to tear , then smile artificially . ) oh , do forgive I . ( as she go ) Goodbye , sleep well , if you see he , please do write , izaak szerman 's he name ... she wander on . szpilman and henryk , too , continue on they way . and as they go : henryk sometimes I wish I could go mad . ext . chlodna STREET - day a stream of car and tram . jewish policeman and german soldier much in evidence . szpilman and henryk join a large crowd of Jews wait at a barrier to cross the intersection . the crowd be agitate , impatient for a policeman to stop the traffic and let they through . a man next to szpilman and henryk be become more and more distraught , shifting he weight from foot to foot , take off and put on he hat . the nervous man this be totally insane ; why do we have to have a gentile street run through we area ? can not they go around ? henryk do not worry about it , they be about to build a bridge , have not you hear ? the nervous man a bridge , a schmidge , and the Germans claim to be intelligent . you know what I think ? I think they be totally stupid . I have get a family to feed and I spend half my time here wait for they to let we through . meanwhile , a street band begin to play a waltz . jewish policeman and german soldier be clear a space , shove Jews out of the way , include szpilman , henryk and the nervous man . other soldier be clear a space . two german soldier pull out of the crowd a tall woman and a short man and haul they into the clear space . the german soldier dance ! the couple dance to the street band 's waltz . at interval , german soldier select even more unlikely couple : a fat woman with a painfully thin man , a young boy with a elderly woman , two man , and two cripple . the german soldier be , to various degree , amused . one of they be almost hysterical with laughter . soldier faster ! go on , faster ! dance ! the couple dance as fast as they can . a soldier kick one of the cripple who can not go on any more . soldier dance ! dance ! then a whistle blow , a policeman stop the traffic , the barrier swing open and people swarm across in both direction . int . ghetto apartment - day szpilman and henryk enter and stop . uneasy . mother good , they be here . yitzchak heller 's be wait for you , henryk . seat at the table with mother and Father be a uniform young man , yitzchak heller , unusual appearance , a man with red hair and a Hitler moustache . heller remain seat , just nod at the brother . henryk what 's this about ? mother sit down , have tea , I will start lunch when the girl get back . henryk and szpilman sit . they eye heller suspiciously . henryk so , what be you do here ? father he bring cake . awkward silence . father his father 's back in the jewellery business and do well , be not that so , yitzchak ? amazing . jewellery . he run dry . another awkward silence . then : heller we be recruiting . henryk who 's recruiting ? heller do not be clever with I , henryk . I have come here as a friend . they be bring Jews in from all over the country . soon there will be half a million people in the ghetto . we need more jewish police ... henryk ( sarcastic ) oh ? more jewish police ? you mean you want I to wear a cap like yours , beat up Jews with my truncheon and catch the gestapo spirit . I see ! heller ( eye narrow , dangerous ) someone 's get to do it , henryk . henryk but why I ? I think you only recruit boy with rich father . look at my father , look at we , I mean ... heller ( interrupt , flaring ) yes , I be look at you and that 's why I be here . you whole family can have a better life . you want to go on struggle for survival , sell book on the street ? henryk ( a smile ) yes , please . heller ( to szpilman ) I be do you people a favour . and what about you , wladek ? you be a great pianist . and we have get a excellent police jazz band . they would welcome you with open arm . join we . you have get no work ... szpilman thank you . but I have get work . silence . heller rise angrily . int . cafe nowaczesna , ghetto - day on a platform , szpilman play at a piano , but he can hardly be hear above the noise of chatter and laughter . the large cafe be crowded , hot and smoke-filled . well - heele customer , pimp , whore , businessman sit at little table , eat , talk , laugh , almost drown the piano music . some dance . a couple of table back from the piano , a customer be do business with a friend . the customer have a small stack of coin , some of they twenty - dollar gold piece . he fold back the tablecloth to reveal a marble surface beneath . he drop a coin on the marble and listen but the noise be too loud . he see the cafe owner , benek , fiftyish , and make gesture , point at szpilman . benek push he way through to szpilman . benek ( whisper into szpilman 's ear ) I be sorry , Mr wladek , he want you to stop . szpilman ( continue to play ) who want I to stop ? benek point to the customer , who make a implore gesture to szpilman . szpilman stop play . the friend watch the customer intently as he drop the coin one by one onto the marble . he drop they , put he ear close and listen . two or three he discard , but he smile when coin make a pure tone , and he keep they . szpilman exchange look with a pretty whore , who make eye at he . satisfied , the customer beam , nod he thanks to szpilman , who resume he piano play . ext . ghetto STREET - dusk szpilman walk . he pass emaciate child and beggar . he step over the corpse lie on the sidewalk . ext . STREET near wall - dusk the wall run the length of the street , divide it in half and narrowing it . building on one side , the wall on the other . szpilman walk along . a pierce whistle from the Aryan side . szpilman stop . two woman appear from a doorway , approach the wall and look up . two or three package come fly over from the Aryan side . the woman grab they and disappear . szpilman walk on and see a child appear through a hole at ground level . the child wriggle through then turn , pull a package after he and run . szpilman walk on , hear a noise , look back to see a second child try to wriggle through the same hole . but he 's stick . angry german voice from the Aryan side . 2 nd child help I ! help I ! szpilman go to he , pull he with all he might but the boy be jamme in the hole . from the other side of the wall , the sound of a angry german voice and of a boot stamp violently on the boy . the boy scream in agony . szpilman continue to try to pull the boy through . the sound of the german voice swear and the dull , crunching noise make by the boot smash into the boy continue , and with every thud the boy scream in terrible pain . szpilman struggle to help the boy whose scream be become weaker yet increasingly desperate . szpilman pull he arm and finally manage to get he through . the boy lie moan . szpilman take the boy 's face in he hand , try to comfort he , revive he , but the boy have stop moan . his head loll and he jaw sag . he be dead . szpilman stand quickly and hurry away . ext . courtyard and house - evening szpilman approach the house through a shabby yard . int . jehuda zyskind be room - evening the noise of a mimeograph machine . a huge , cheerful man with a perpetual cigarette in he mouth . jehuda I always say look on the bright side . you be in the small ghetto , intellectual , professional people , you be better off than we . here , in the large ghetto , it 's a cesspool . but you , you be live in monte Carlo . you could say you be privileged and that , of course , go against my principle . nevertheless ... he laugh and cough , start look through papers . his room be pile from floor to ceiling with old papers and stuff . Dark , shabby , run-down . one of he son , symche , be operate the mimeograph machine . the other , dolek , be sorting the sheet as they come off the roller . mrs . zyskind , hold a toddler , be cooking at a small stove . jehuda find what he 's be look for , a newspaper make up of a few sheet . jehuda ah , here . today 's news from the other side . szpilman you be amazing , jehuda . jehuda no , I be a socialist . I have brother everywhere . they bring I news and food . we care about we fellow human being . worker of the world unite . szpilman so , what 's the news ? jehuda ( scan the paper ) the Germans be advance on kharkhov . szpilman I do not know why I come here every evening , it 's always such bad news . jehuda bad news , you crazy ? you have no world view , wladek , that 's you trouble . the news could not be better . the moment Hitler invade Russia , I know we would be all right . remember napoleon . same business . the Germans will freeze to death , please God . he beam . szpilman lean over , take a sheet from the mimeograph . szpilman jehuda , give I something to do . jehuda you be a artist , wladek , you keep people 's spirit up . you do enough . szpilman but I want to help , I want to . jehuda you be too well know , wladek . and you know what ? you musician do not make good conspirator . you be too ... too musical . he love this , laugh , cough . szpilman there be notice go up . the city 's to be cleanse of undesirable . jehuda there be always notice go up . a distinctive knock on the door . szpilman tense but jehuda beam . to one of he boy : symche - the boy open the door to admit a short , neat man , majorek . majorek hello , symche , dolek , Mrs Zyskind , jehuda . work hard ? he stop , see szpilman . jehuda majorek , this be the great pianist in Poland , maybe in the whole world . wladyslaw szpilman . meet majorek . majorek ( shake szpilman 's hand ) I know you name . I have never hear you play . jehuda majorek use to be in the army . brilliant man . he 's get a mind like a searchlight . the only thing I have get against he be he 's not a socialist . ( he look out of the window . ) you would better go now , wladek . it 's nearly curfew . ( he hand over pamphlet to majorek . ) you see this , wladek ? you know how many copy we print of we newspaper ? szpilman shrug . jehuda five hundred . you know how many people on average read one copy ? twenty . that make ten thousand reader . this will start the uprising . majorek hide they in he underpant . and leave they in toilet . szpilman toilet ? majorek as many toilet as I can find . Germans never go into jewish toilet . they be too clean for they . jehuda love this too , but he laugh make he cough appallingly . int . ghetto apartment - evening summer . the window be open and the sound of the ghetto can be hear in the background . the family sit round the small table as mother come with a saucepan of soup and start to serve . mother and , please , tonight , for once , I do not want anything bad talk about . let 's enjoy we meal . henryk okay , then I will tell you something funny . you know who I mean by Dr. raszeja . regina the surgeon ? henryk the surgeon . well , for some reason , do not ask I why , the Germans allow he into the ghetto to perform a operation ... halina on a Jew ? they allow a pole to come in to operate on a Jew ? henryk he get a pass , that 's all I know . anyway , he put the patient to sleep and start the operation . he would just make the first incision when the ss burst in , shoot the patient lie on the table , and then shoot Dr. raszeja and everybody else who be there . be not that a laugh ? the patient do not feel a thing , he be anaesthetise - he laugh . no one else do . mother henryk , I say nothing bad . henryk what 's the matter with you all ? have you lose you sense of humour ? szpilman it 's not funny . henryk well , you know what 's funny ? you be funny with that ridiculous tie . szpilman what be you talk about , my tie ? what 's my tie get to do with anything ? I need the tie for my work . mother boy , boy ... henryk you work , yes , play the piano for all the parasite in the ghetto , they do not give a damn about people 's suffering , they do not even notice what 's go on around they ! father I blame the Americans . the other look at he . szpilman for what ? for my tie ? father american Jews , and there 's lot of they , what have they do for we ? what do they think they be do ? people here be die , have not get a bite to eat . the jewish banker over there should be persuade America to declare war on Germany ! suddenly , there 's a roar of engine and a screech of brake . slam of door . the family rush to the window . ext . / int . build opposite and ghetto apartment - night a gestapo vehicle have enter the street and screech to a halt . helmeted , jackboote ss men , lead by a nco , pour out of the vehicle . the szpilman gather at they open window to watch . Regina turn off the light before join they . they be all terrify . they half - eat meal still on the table behind they . Pov - from szpilman apartment : the building opposite . the ss man pour into the building opposite . sound of the jackboot on stair . light go on floor by floor . in a apartment directly opposite , a businessman , he wife , three young people and a old man in a wheelchair sit at they dining table . the ss man burst in , machine pistol at the ready . the family be freeze with horror , remain seat . the nco scan they face . nco ( in a tower rage ) stand up ! the family rise to they foot fast , except for the old man in the wheelchair . the nco bear down on he . nco stand up ! the old man in the wheelchair grip the arm of the chair and try desperately to stand . but he can not . without warning , the ss man seize the chair with the old man in it , carry he out on to the balcony . the sipilman : mother scream , Father shrink back , halina comfort he and Regina comfort mother . szpilman 's and henryk 's Pov - the apartment opposite : the ss man throw the old man in he wheelchair over the balcony . he seem to hang in the air for a second then drop out of the chair and out of sight . but there 's a terrible thud as he body hit the pavement and a clatter as the wheelchair follow he . the sipilman : mother sobbing . the other , still horrify . regina ( softly , to mother ) be quiet , mama , for God 's sake , be quiet ! then sound of shot , slamm door , scream , shout . szpilman and henryk hurry to another window so that they can see what 's go on . they Pov from second window building opposite and street : ss Men herding a couple of dozen prisoner from the building opposite . people watch from the window but try not to be see . the headlight of the ss vehicle be switch on and the ss Men be force they prisoner to stand in the beam . a german voice run ! run! the prisoner start to run . the ss man open fire with a machine gun mount on the vehicle . people in the building opposite begin to scream . the prisoner be be shot down . they be lift into the air by the bullet , turn somersault , fall dead . one man escape by run back in the opposite direction , out of the beam of light and be lose to sight for a moment . the escape man , a silhouette , out of the light , run with all he strength , put distance between himself and the ss . he start to scale a wall . he look as though he 's get away . but there 's a floodlight on the ss vehicle . it flare into light , swivel and find the man . a volley of shot . the man drop from the wall , dead . the ss man get into the vehicle and speed off , drive over the dead body . the sipilman : szpilman and henryk stare at the scene , silent , shocked . the only sound , the weep of the people opposite and , nearer , mother cry softly . int . cafe nowoczesna - day szpilman , as if in another world , play the piano . the cafe be full of customer but the atmosphere be much more subdued than previously , the mood be sombre . ext . cafe nowoczesna - day a doorman with a cudgel beat away the beggar from the door as halina , distraught and out of breath , run to the cafe entrance . the doorman let she in . int . cafe nowaczesna - day szpilman snap out of he reverie , see , across the head of the customer , halina , in a state of great anxiety , beckone urgently . szpilman quickly bring the piece to a close , stand , step off the platform , thread he way through to halina . she 's shiver , almost unable to speak . szpilman what 's happen ? halina ( almost incoherent ) oh my God , it 's terrible , you have get to do something , oh my God ! szpilman ( shaking she ) calm down , what , what be it ? halina they be hunt people on the street . they have pick up henryk . ext . street - day szpilman run . street crowded . corpse . szpilman , sweat , dodge and sidestep . then , suddenly , a woman bar he way . she 's the feather woman , brightly rouge , with she thickly paint eyebrow , the unsteady mauve ostrich feather rise from she straw hat . the feather woman Excuse I , but have you see my husband izaak szerman ? szpilman I be afraid not . he try to dodge past but she grab he arm . the feather woman he 's tall , he 's handsome . he have a little grey beard . if you see he , please do write , izaak szerman 's he name , do not forget . szpilman manage to free himself and run on . ext . labour bureau build - day a mob of man in front of the building be herde this way and that by jewish policeman . more and more captive man be bring in by the german schutzpolizei ( shupos ) . the mob constantly swell . szpilman reach the back of the crowd . szpilman ( to a elderly man nearest he ) what 's happen ? the elderly man they have get my grandson in there . they pick them up , they take ' they away . what do they do to they ? I have stop believe in God ! szpilman scan the mob . the jewish policeman use baton and whip to herd the man . no sign of henryk . szpilman become alert . he 's see someone he recognise . heller , with he red hair and Hitler moustache , wield a baton , drive man into the building . with difficulty , szpilman push he way through the mob and get nearer to heller . szpilman ( yell ) yitzchak ! heller do not hear . szpilman yitzchak ! heller glance round . szpilman here , please ! wladek szpilman ! heller shove someone aside so that szpilman can approach , but he continue to beat and manhandle people . szpilman henryk 's in there . heller I have not see he . szpilman believe I , they have pick he up . heller tough luck . szpilman can you help ? heller oh , you need I now , yes , now you need I ! szpilman can you help we ? heller it cost . szpilman I have no money . heller then there 's nothing I can do . he should have join we when I give he the chance .. szpilman yitzchak , they tell I you have influence . heller who tell you ? szpilman people I know . they say you be a important man . heller just glare at szpilman and then move away . szpilman stand , jostle by the crowd , uncertain , forlorn . ext . alley and labour bureau , later - mid - afternoon szpilman , keep to the shadow of the alleyway , watch the front of the building . coming and going . german Soldiers in evidence . the mob be smaller now . szpilman wait and watch , and then a poor woman pass , carry a can wrap in newspaper follow by a ragged old man , drag himself along . he 's shiver with cold , he shoe with hole show he purple foot . the rag old man suddenly lunge forward and try to grab the can from the poor woman . they struggle desperately . poor woman ( scream ) a snatcher ! help I , a snatcher ! the can fall to the pavement and thick , steaming soup pour into the dirty street . szpilman watch , roote to the spot . the rag old man stare at the can , let out a groan , more like a whimper , and throw himself full length in the slush , lick the soup up from the pavement . the poor woman start to howl , kick the old man and tear at she hair in despair . then : rubinsteinx voice boy , keep you pecker up ! and girl , keep you leg cross ! rubinstein , a rag , dishevel little man , chaplinesque , wave a stick , hopping and jump , approach the Germans outside the bureau . rubinstein do not let them get you down - he approach a couple of shupos . rubinstein bandit ! crook ! thiefe ! he wave he stick at they . they laugh . one of they bow low . 1st shupo good day , herr rubinstein . rubinstein if that mean good day , I be you man , you gangster , robber , pirate ! 2 nd shupo ( tapping he head ) mad ! rubinstein ich bin meshuge , you bandit ! almost in tear with laughter , they give he a cigarette and he go on he way . szpilman almost smile , then look again at the building . he wait . ext . alley and labour bureau , later - dusk Sun just set . from the shelter of the alleyway , szpilman continue to watch the entrance of the bureau . no mob any more , but people come and go - jewish policeman , shupos , a few jews . almost continuous sound of distant shot and scream . then , heller appear at the entrance , look this way and that and go back inside the building . szpilman alert . again heller appear in the entrance . he beckon someone inside . henryk shuffles out . heller shove he into the street . henryk stumble , fall . szpilman run to he , help he to he foot . henryk ( immediately on the attack , furious ) you go to heller , do I ask you to talk to he ? szpilman you be out , be not you ? they start to walk . henryk do you beg , do you grovel to that piece of shit , that cockroach ? szpilman I do not grovel , I ask he to help . henryk what do you pay he ? szpilman pay he ? with what ? with what could I pay he ? every zloty I earn we spend on food ! henryk I can look after myself ! szpilman they be take you away . henryk it 's nothing to do with you . it 's I they want , not you . why do you interfere in other people 's business ? szpilman you be mad , that 's you trouble , you be mad . henryk that 's also my business . they walk on . ext . chlodna STREET bridge - dusk a wooden bridge have be construct , link the small ghetto to the large ghetto . few people about , mostly beggar and child . szpilman and henryk climb the stair of the bridge , but as they reach the bridge itself henryk stumble , sink to he knee . szpilman get hold of he , try to help he stand . szpilman what 's the matter ? be you sick ? henryk hungry . ext . cafe nowoczesna - night szpilman support henryk , help he towards the back of the cafe . int . kitchen , cafe nowoczesna - night henryk , finish a bowl of soup and a piece of bread , sit at a worktop with szpilman and benek . the kitchen be small and busy with cook , waiter , washer - up . szpilman what 's that mean , no employment certificate ? henryk you have to have a employment certificate to work for one of the german firm in the ghetto , otherwise ... szpilman otherwise what ? henryk you will be deport . benek so the rumour be true ... henryk they be go to resettle we . send we to labour camp . in the east . and they be close the small ghetto . silence . ext . chlodna STREET - day a dense crowd of people crossing the bridge in both direction . szpilman , shabby and unshaven , hurry along and meet jehuda Zyskind come towards he , accompany by the small man , majorek . jehuda wladek ! szpilman stop . jehuda I think you would be off on tour , play London , Paris , New York ? szpilman ( try to smile ) not this week . they be buffete by the crowd . in the street below they , car , tram , pedestrian and german guard . jehuda I have to say you look terrible . what 's the trouble ? szpilman you have hear the rumour they be go to resettle we in the East ? jehuda ( dismiss he ) rumour , rumour , you take it all too much to heart , wladek . szpilman I have be try to get a certificate of employment for my father . I have manage to get certificate for I and the rest of the family but I need one more for my father . I have be try all the firm , the shop ... jehuda why do not you come to I ? szpilman I do not know you be in the certificate business . jehuda I be not , but majorek be . szpilman ( to majorek ) can you help ? I have no money ... jehuda please , do not insult we . ( to majorek ) can you do something for he ? majorek be at the schultz workshop , tomorrow , four o'clock . jehuda you see what a wonderful piece of luck you have have today ? that 's die historical imperative in action and that 's why I always say , look on ... szpilman ( join with he ) ... the bright side , yes , I know . int . office and floor , schultz factory - day the name ' Samuel szpilman ' be write on a certificate . the clatter of sewing machine . schultz , a fat , sweaty german be fill out the form at he desk . majorek beside he , stand , chat to he and have a quiet laugh . in the doorway , szpilman and Father . the small office be on a upper level with a window look down on the factory floor where jewish man and woman be hard at work on sewing machine make the terrible clatter . schultz stamp the certificate , hand it to majorek , who give it to Father . father ( doffing he hat ) thank you . schultz ( beam , german accent ) my pleasure . it will not help you anyway . ext . chlodna STREET bridge - day a great mass of agitate people crossing only one way : from the small ghetto to the large ghetto , carry they belonging . a german film crew record the scene . the szpilman among the crowd , lug suitcase and bundle , henryk with a few book , Father carry he violin case . they struggle across the bridge . ext . / int . yard and warehouse - day a truck back up . the tail - gate be open to reveal a huge load of furniture , linen , clothing , mirror , carpet , bedclothes . Three Jews inside the van start to unload the stuff , dump it in the yard . other Jews stand ready to start sorting the load , among they the szpilman family . shupos and jewish policeman supervise . each have they allot task : szpilman and henryk sort out carpet , Father mirror , Regina linen , halina and mother , clothing . the sound of train not far off . they carry the stuff into the warehouse . int . warehouse - day szpilman and the other bring they pile of thing into the warehouse , which be cramme with similar object , a aladdin 's cave . the activity continuous . int . sleeping quarter , above warehouse - night semi-darkness . a large room with a improvise partition of blanket to separate the man from the woman . Three - tiere bunk . on the men' side , Father be on the upper bunk , henryk on the lower . szpilman , stripping down to he underwear , be prepare to climb into the middle bunk . father at least we have get work in the ghetto . at least we be still together . szpilman nod , climb into he bunk , settles down . somewhere near , the sound of a train . then a volley of shot , german voice shouting . szpilman slip off he bunk , hurry to the door , open it and come face to face with a german nco and soldier . nco out ! assemble in the yard ! szpilman we be employ here , we have get certificate - the nco crack szpilman across the face , turn and go . szpilman retreat into the room , he nose bleed . the woman be watch from behind the blanket , but mother hurry towards szpilman . she wipe he nose . Shots , shout , a scream . ext . warehouse yard - dawn still quite dark . the szpilman and about twenty other line up under light shine on they from a couple of german vehicle . the nco go along the line , make a selection , use he pistol to prod people into move . when he get to the szpilman he select henryk and halina . then , he turn to that who be leave : nco the rest of you get dress then report back here . bring you belonging . Fifteen kilo only . a young woman where be you take we ? the nco turn he pistol on the young woman and shoot she through the head . he march off while she lie on the ground with blood spurting out of she . int . szpilman room , warehouse - dawn the partition have be pull aside . people , include the szpilman , be dress or dress , pack up they belonging . szpilman I be sorry , I do my best , I think the certificate would save we all . mother stop it , wladek . regina let 's just hope that henryk and halina will be better off - sound of shot , scream , shout , a pierce whistle . ext . STREET leading to umschlagplatz - morning hot , fine summer 's day . Jews , among they szpilman , mother , Regina and father , clutching they meagre belonging , walk towards wooden gate and come to a halt . jewish policeman approach and order the people about , push and shove they into line . regina ( to a jewish policeman ) where will we be go ? jewish policeman # 1 you be go to work . you will be much better off than in this stinking ghetto . the gate be the gate be open . jewish policeman # 2 move ! they shuffle forward . ext . umschlagplatz - day szpilman , mother , Regina and Father , with other , enter through one of the gate , which close on they . they pause for a moment to take in they new surroundings . the szpilman and they Pov : they first sight of the large rectangle , wall on two side and overlook by building . several hundred people . people walk up and down . szpilman let 's sit over there . but he stop again , and so do the other . something they see cause they to stand stock still , expressionless . the sipilman ' Pov : a unoccupy space at the edge of the compound where bloat , decaye body lie near to a wall . the wall itself be spatter with blood . large fly walk over the dead . nobody go near . the sipilman : szpilman turn away and lead the other to another space . later : glaring sun . the szpilman have settle down on the kerb of a pavement and be wait . szpilman stand , observe the scene . mother sit on a bundle of thing , stare vacantly , she hair hang down in strand . Regina , beside she , have she hand over she face and be weep , the tear run through she finger . Father walk nervously up and down , hand behind he back , four step one way , four step back . near they , a young woman begin to wail . the young woman why do I do it ? why do I do it ? a young man , beside she , whisper to she , but she do not seem to take in what he 's say . her cry continue at interval . the young woman why do I do it ? why do I do it ? the sound of truck . everyone look towards the gate . more Jews be be unload from truck and be march through the gate . mother , child , old people , begging , most of they hold papers . pandemonium . later : the sun high , blaze . szpilman be wander around , occasionally greeting people . the place be crowded now , pack . truck bring more and more Jews at interval . Old people lie down , exhaust , impossible to tell whether some of they be alive or dead . woman carry dehydrated child drag themselves from group to group . one woman approach szpilman . woman with child he 's die , do not you have a drop of water ? my child 's die of thirst , he 's die , he 's die , I beg you ! szpilman shake he head sadly . the woman with child wander off to another group . a man' voice I be tell you , it 's a disgrace . szpilman turn to see a man , dr . ehrlich , harangue Father . father I can hear you . szpilman go to they . dr . ehrlich ( overlap ) we be let they take we to we death like sheep to the slaughter ! father Dr. ehrlich , not so loud ! dr . ehrlich why do not we attack they ? there 's half a million of we , we could break out of the ghetto . at least we could die honourably , not as a stain on the face of history ! another man , grun , join in . grun why you so sure they be send we to we death ? dr . ehrlich I be not sure . you know why I be not sure ? because they do not tell I . but I be tell you they plan to wipe we all out ! father Dr. ehrlich , what do you want I to do ? you want I to fight ? grun to fight you need organisation , plan , gun ! father he 's right . what d' you think I can do ? fight they with my violin bow ? grun the Germans would never squander a huge labour force like this . they be send we to a labour camp . dr . ehrlich oh , sure . look at that cripple , look at that old people , the child , they be go to work ? look at Mr szpilman here , he 's go to carry iron girder on he back ? a loud cry from mother . szpilman and Father spin round . mother henryk ! regina ( glance up , shocked ) oh my God ! near the gate , among a large bunch of new arrival , henryk and halina . mother halina ! henryk ! Regina and szpilman also call and wave . henryk and halina struggle through to they . halina fall into mother 's arm and they hug . halina we hear you be here ...we ... do not want ...we ... we want to be with you . mother comfort she . and so do Regina . Father smile sadly . szpilman ( shake he head , almost to himself , a forlorn smile ) stupid , stupid ! the young woman why do I do it ? why do I do it ? szpilman stand and stare at she . later : the sun lower but the heat still intense . the place be now pack to suffocation . people call out name , try to find each other . the wail of woman and the cry of child . a cordon of jewish policeman and ss guard be , almost surreptitiously , ringing the compound . the szpilman sit in the same place , with henryk sit a little apart and now read a small book . the young woman why do I do it ? why do I do it ? halina she 's get on my nerve . what do she do , for God 's sake ? grun lean across to she . grun ( quietly , to halina ) she smother she baby . halina look at he in disbelief . grun they would prepare a hide place and so , of course , they go there . but the baby cry just as the police come . she smother the cry with she hand . the baby die . a policeman hear the death rattle . he find where they be hide . later : szpilman and henryk . szpilman what be you read ? henryk ( a crooked , ironic smile ) ' if you prick we , do we not bleed ? if you tickle we , do we not laugh ? if you poison we , do we not die ? and if you wrong we , shall we not revenge ? ' szpilman take the book and read the title page : the merchant of venice by william shakespeare . szpilman very appropriate . henryk ( take the book back and resume he read ) yes , that 's why I bring it . later : the szpilman seat on the kerb . they attention be catch by a boy who have a box of sweet on a string round he neck . and he 's set the sweet , pockete money . henryk idiot . what 's he think he 's go to do with the money ? Father call to the sweet Boy and beckon he over . father how much for a caramel ? the sweet boy twenty zloty . father what ? for one caramel ? what d' you think you be go to do with the money ? the sweet boy twenty zloty . father ( turn to the family ) have we get twenty between we ? they search they pocket and handbags , hand over to Father what change they can find . he , in turn , hand the money to the sweet Boy , who hand over one caramel and go on he way . Father hold the caramel between thumb and forefinger and examine it carefully . then , carefully take out he penknife and with great care divide the caramel into six pan . he hand a part to each of the family . they all exchange a look , a acknowledgement of each other , almost like a toast , and then they chew , slowly , deliberately . the whistle of a locomotive . sound of truck rattling over the rail . at once , a sound of great agitation from the Jews in the compound . ext . railway siding - day the locomotive pull cattle and goods truck come into sight , roll slowly towards the boundary of the umschlagplatz and come to a halt . ext . railway siding - day a cordon of jewish policeman and ss guard . among the great throng of people , the szpilman trudge towards the train . szpilman and halina walk . szpilman halina ? halina what ? szpilman funny time to say this . halina what ? szpilman wish I know you better . halina ( a smile ) thanks . the train : the szpilman near the train . the first truck be already full , the people inside press close together , ss man push they with they rifle butt . people in the truck cry out in desperation . the szpilman be push along by ss man along the cordon of jewish policeman , past load truck . then , suddenly : a voice szpilman ! szpilman ! a jewish policeman grab szpilman by he collar and pull he back out of the police cordon . it 's heller . the rest of the family have reach the next truck to be fill . a scuffle as szpilman try to resist . another jewish policeman shove he . szpilman stumble , fall to the ground , in front of he the close rank of the jewish policeman 's back . he stand , run at the cordon , see between they head , shoulder , mother , Regina , henryk and halina clamber into the truck . Father be look around , bewilder . szpilman ( yell ) papa ! Father see he , take a step towards he , but stop , smile helplessly . he raise he hand and wave , then turn and go towards the truck . again , szpilman fling himself at the policeman 's shoulder . szpilman ( desperate ) papa ! mama ! halina ! heller turn on he . heller what do you think you be do , szpilman ? I have save you life ! now , go on , save yourself ! szpilman stand for a moment , confuse , terrify . then he turn and start to run . heller do not run ! szpilman drop to walk pace , make for the gate . worker be push cart pile with the bloat corpse that lay against the wall . szpilman fall in with they and they pass through the gate . ext . train - day the door of the truck be close . the train begin to move . slow , laborious . from the truck , the faint cry of the occupant . ext . STREET by the siding - day szpilman catch he breath by a building . a ss man and jewish policeman emerge . the jewish policeman be servile , crawl to the german . he point to the train - jewish policeman well , off they go for meltdown ! they laugh as they walk away . szpilman turn and stumble down the empty street . the cry from the truck fade . he begin to weep , loud , agonise sob , and stagger on . ext . ghetto STREET - evening szpilman , lose , empty , aimless , try to catch he breath in the aftermath of he tear . he wander forlornly down the street , pass empty building with they door open , window smashed . Furniture , tear mattress and pillow lie scattered . feather fly . desolation . he turn a corner . ext . courtyard , jehuda' STREET - evening szpilman come into the courtyard . he stop , he face blank . lying outside the door , the body of jehuda , Mrs. Zyskind , they two son and the toddler . szpilman step across the body . int . jehuda zyskind be room - evening Chaos . paper , pamphlet strewn all over the place . the mimeograph smashed . szpilman enter , stand , surveying the devastation . distant sound of shoot , shout , cry . he gather up some papers in a pile , take off he jacket and cover the pile of papers , make a pillow . he lie down on the floor . he stare into the darkness , expressionless , empty . ext . STREET near cafe nowoczesna - day szpilman shuffles along , come to the cafe . no sign of life , but the door be wide open . he go inside . int . cafe nowoczesna - day a shamble . szpilman wander through the upturn table , break chair . stop , look about . nothing . distant shot , automatic fire . he turn and make for the door . then he hear a urgent hiss . he turn sharply and try to find the source of it . he hear the hiss again . now he see , hide under the platform , benek , beckone to he . szpilman hurry over and crawl on he back until he 's beside he . benek replace a plank and they be hide from view . int . under the platform , ghetto cafe - day thin sliver of light illuminate the two man on they back in the cramped space . benek ( look at he , mystify ) why be you here , Mr. wladek ? szpilman it 's like this ... i...we ... all of they . he can not continue . benek nod . benek perhaps they be lucky . the quick the better . ( brief pause . ) it be not over yet . we will stay here for a couple of day . until thing die down . ( another pause ) I have bribe a policeman . he will come when it 's over . ext . ghetto STREET - day in bright sun , szpilman and benek march in a column , four abreast , under the command of two jewish foremen , guard by two german policeman . they be be march out of the ghetto gate . szpilman ( to benek ) my God . I have not be outside for - it must be two year . fellow worker ( on the other side of he ) do not get over - excited . ext . zelazna brama square - day Street trader with basket full of ware , fruit , vegetable , fish , tin of preserve . woman bargain with they , make purchase . lively , colourful . dealer in gold and currency call monotonously . dealer gold , buy gold ! dollar ! roubles ! later : szpilman , on top of a free-stand scaffold , benek and the other demolosh a ghetto wall , wield skdgehammer . they work slowly . a smartly dress young couple be pass , but stop . they stare . the young woman be extremely attractive and know it . the foremen , worker and the german policeman ogle she . the young woman look - oh , do look ! her young man be puzzle ; she point . the young woman Jews ! the young man can not be the first time you have ever see Jews . embarrass , she giggle and they go . szpilman , benek and the other continue to work . the foremen sit , sun themselves , and the german policeman stand , deep in conversation , ignore the worker . szpilman suddenly stop work . he have see something in the square that alert he . at the furthest stall , he see a woman , attractive , chic , in she thirty , buy vegetable at a stall . her name be janina godlewska . surreptitiously , szpilman raise a hand , try to catch she attention . but he 's frighten of alert the german policeman and the foremen . benek have notice . benek someone you know ? szpilman yes . again szpilman try , but janina , she profile to he , do not see . benek a beauty . who be she ? szpilman a singer . her husband 's a actor . I know they well . good people . I would like to talk to she . benek ( playful ) do not forget , Mr. wladek , they hang they for help Jews . he go back to work . the german policeman wander over to one of the stall to buy fruit . the moment they do so two jewish worker scamper across to another stall to buy bread . szpilman glance across the square : janina be still at the stall . he come to a decision . he jump down , be about to dash towards janina , but stop dead . janina be no longer there . ext . ghetto STREET - day as before , szpilman and benek march towards the ghetto gate in the demolition column , four abreast , under the command of the jewish foremen and guard by the two german policeman . suddenly : young ss man halt ! the column halt before a young ss man , wild - eye , with he sleeve roll up and wield a pistol . he talk excitedly to the policeman then turn , walk along the column divide they up : some man to the right , other , seven of they , to the leave . benek he order to the leave , szpilman to the right . Young ss man turn to that on the leave . young ss man lie down ! terrify , they obey . he stand over they and , one by one , shoot they . when he come to benek , the seventh man , he pistol run out of ammunition . he change the clip , shoot benek and march off . ext . build site , outside ghetto - day szpilman , bent almost double , carry a hod on he back pile with brick . he be mount a wooden ramp that run up beside scaffold on a small building site where a extra floor be be add to a house . there be Polish worker , too , who do not , of course , wear armband as the Jews do . there 's a wooden hut serve as a store on the site . halfway up the ramp , szpilman hear someone whistle . he stop , turn to see , at the bottom of the ramp , majorek , smile and give a discreet wave . later : szpilman and majorek sip gruel out of mug . they sit apart from the other who be also take a break . szpilman how long have you be here ? majorek since last night . I be pleased to see you . brief silence . majorek they be go to start the final resettlement now . we know what it mean . we send someone out . Zygmunt . a good man . his order be to follow the train out of Warsaw . he get to sokolow . a local railwayman tell he the track be divide , one branch lead to treblinka . he say every day freight train carry people from Warsaw fork to treblinka and return empty . no transport of food be ever see on that line . and civilian be forbidden to approach the treblinka station . they be exterminate we . wo not take they long . we be sixty thousand leave . out of half a million . mostly young people . and this time we be go to fight . we be in good shape . we be organised . we be prepare . szpilman if you need help ... whistle blow . a little later : szpilman again mount the ramp with a hod full of brick on he back . the noise of airplane overhead . ext . sky - day a swarm of Russian bomber . anti-aircraft fire . puff of explode shell . ext . build site - day the worker look up . so do szpilman and , as he do so , the brick slide off he hod , crash to the ground below . zick - zack you ! a ss man , zick - zack ( he nickname ) , with a whip , approach szpilman . zick - zack here ! szpilman go to he . enrage , Zick - Zack grab he by the hair and press he head hard between he thigh and then beat he mercilessly . zick - zack ( with every stroke , hiss through clench tooth ) und-zick ! und-zack ! und-zick ! und - zack ! after a dozen or so stroke , szpilman fall forward and lie in the dirt . Zick - Zack nod , satisfied . zick - zack get he away from here . two pole , without armband , one of they bartczak , drag he away . bartczak and the other man help szpilman to he foot . bartczak hope you play the piano better than you carry brick . polish workman he will not last long if he go on like this . bartczak I will see if I can get he something better . int . / ext . store and build site - day Winter . rain . cold . the store , a wooden hut , contain wood , nail , tool , paint , metal bracket . szpilman sit at a table , where a line of worker have form . szpilman make a record in a ledger of the tool each worker take out on the site . a worker put he head into the store . worker ( hiss ) trouble . a german voice assemble ! fall in ! only the Jews ! pole go on work ! only the Jews ! pole go on work ! the jewish worker start to assemble on the site in haphazard rank as a ss Captain stride in . the ss Captain , with much jollity and joke , hop up on to scaffold and stand , beam broadly , surveying the worker . ss captain ( in English ) I have important and good news for you . there be rumour circulate that resettlement measure be again go to be take . a glance between szpilman and majorek . ss captain ( in English ) I want to assure you personally that no such measure will be take now or in the future . poster will be go up also to this effect . as proof of we good will , we want you to select a delegate , who will be permit to go into town once a day to buy , on each worker 's behalf , five kilo of potato and one loaf of bread , which you will be allow to take back into the ghetto . now , why would we do that j if we mean to resettle you ? he beam ; no reaction from the worker . ss captain ( in English ) you can do good business on what you do not eat . be not that what you Jews be best at ? make ' gold ' ? rub thumb and forefinger and leer ; still no reaction ; he smile vanish . ss captain ( in English ) carry on . ext . build site - day snow . majorek pull a barrow by a rope attach to its shaft across the site . on the barrow , five sack . the jewish worker be phase to see he . majorek pull the barrow to where szpilman wait . majorek ( under he breath ) the smaller one . at the bottom . szpilman nod and start unload the sack as majorek move away . int . store - day szpilman have unpack the sack and laid they in the corner . he kneel before the smallest of the sack and unty the string around its neck . he put he hand inside the sack and potato tumble out . he reach to the bottom and be still as he hand find something . carefully , he remove a pistol , then another , both wrap in oil cloth . he hide they under he jacket . int . / ext . store and build site - night szpilman and a jewish worker distribute the potato to the other jewish worker line up with empty container of various kind . there be scale on the table , and they weigh out five kilo of potato , pour they into the men' container and drop in a loaf of bread . ext . STREET leading to ghetto - night the jewish worker , all carry they parcel of potato and bread , march back towards the ghetto gate escort by two Polish policeman . szpilman walk beside they . ahead of he , majorek near the front of the column . as the column near the ghetto gate , majorek toss he package over the wall and when szpilman reach the same spot , he throw a similar package . the column march on . int . jewish barracks - night a small room with several three - tiere bunk bed . the sound of men' heavy breathe and snore . szpilman lie awake , stare at the ceiling . he reach inside he jacket , find a scrap of paper and a pencil , write something . he slip off he bunk and cross to another set of bunk , crouch down at the bottom one , where majorek sleep . szpilman ( whisper ) majorek ! majorek be instantly awake . szpilman have a favour to ask . I want to get out of here . majorek it 's easy to get out , it 's how you survive on the other side that 's hard . szpilman I know . but last summer , I work for a day in Zelazna brama Square . I see someone I know . a singer . her husband 's a actor . they be old friend . ( ( he hold out the " piece of paper . ) I have write they name down . and they address . if they be still there . janina godlewska and Andrzej bogucki . good people . majorek , you go into the town every day . would you try and make contact ? ask they if they would help I get out of here ? majorek take the paper but say nothing . he turn over and go back to sleep . szpilman return to he bunk . int . store - day szpilman have unload the sack of potato into the corner and be kneel , about to untie the string on the smallest sack . a sound alert he . he look round . a ss Lieutenant have enter the store , suck he finger , which be bleed . ss lieutenant any fuck plaster ? szpilman immediately hurry to a cupboard , find a first Aid tin , remove a plaster and give it to the ss Lieutenant . ss lieutenant's voice ( while he apply the plaster to he finger ) what be you up to ? nothing from szpilman . ss lieutenant's voice what the fuck be that ? he indicate the sack with he chin . szpilman ( in german ) we be allow to take food into the ghetto . five kilo of potato and a ... the ss Lieutenant walk over to the sack and kick the smallest one . ss lieutenant open it . szpilman it 's only potato and bread . ss lieutenant fuck that , you be lie , I can smell it . open it . szpilman try to untie the string , but he 's too terrify and can not manage it . the ss Lieutenant shove he out of the way , then take from he belt a dagger and cut the string . the ss Lieutenant reach in and withdraw a handful of long yellow bean . he glower at szpilman , reach in again , produce a handful of oatmeal . ss lieutenant you be all the same . give a Jew a little finger , he take the whole hand . he throw the oatmeal in szpilman 's face . ss lieutenant you lie to I again and I will shoot you personally . he kick szpilman viciously and march away . szpilman catch he breath , then quickly reach into the bottom of the sack and find a pistol and ammunition . he hide they under he clothes . ext . STREET leading to ghetto - night freeze cold . the jewish worker , with they bundle of potato and bread , march back towards the ghetto gate escort by the two Polish policeman . in the column , szpilman , near the policeman with the moustache , and a little behind they , majorek . distant sound of gunfire . majorek fall in beside szpilman . majorek I try you friend . they be not at that address any more . but . szpilman you make contact ? majorek be ready to leave in two day ' time . same place as last night . sudden , frantic cry from the head of the column , which come to a stop . two ss man , blind drunk , drink vodka from bottle , be lash the column with whip . one of they be Zikk - Zack , . szpilman oh , shit ! as the ss man advance on szpilman and majorek 's section , majorek slip back to he place in the column . szpilman hide he package inside he coat . Zick - Zack lash out at the worker blindly . zick - zack und-zick ! und-zack ! he take a swig of vodka and come face to face with szpilman . zick - zack ( shouting " ) I will soon teach you discipline ! Jew pig ! he be stare directly at szpilman with glassy eye . szpilman be terrify , try as surreptitiously as possible to cover he hide package with he hand . a moment of danger . Zick - Zack grab szpilman by the cottar . zick - zack know why we beat you ? no response ; shaking he . zick - zack know why we beat you ? szpilman ( tentatively , in german ) no . why ? zick - zack to celebrate New Year 's Eve ! he and he comrade find this hilarious ; recover from he laughter . zick - zack now , march ! go on , march ! the column start to march . .... zick - zack and sing ! ( he belch . ) sing something cheerful ! ( laugh . ) and sing it good and loud ! a brief silence , then from the back , a solo voice start to sing , ' Children of Warsaw will go to fight ! ' szpilman glance back , see that it 's majorek sing . szpilman smile , majorek nod . szpilman join in . now , so do the other . they march on , sing lustily . all worker ( sing ) hey , rank unite and follow the White Eagle ! stand up and fight we mortal enemy . riflemen , hey ! let 's give they fire and brimstone . we will blow away the yoke of slavery . punish and rout the rapist of we nation . we will smash the knout to save we dignity . soon we will be proud of we liberation - hey , take you sight ! aim sharply at the heart . hey , load ! hey , shoot ! hey , load ! hey , shoot ! give them a bloody start ! hey , load ! hey , shoot ! aim sharply at the heart . the column reach the lamp post near the ghetto gate . szpilman he package over the wall . so do majorek . int . / ext . store and build site - evening the jewish worker line up to get they potato and bread . szpilman and two other weigh the potato . german voice get on with it and fall in ! fall in ! calmly , szpilman leave the table with the scale , walk past majorek and the other , who , have get they potato , be assemble in a column , prepare to march back into the ghetto . the Polish worker have pack up they tool and be talk among themselves , also about to leave the site but in a casual way . the ss guard shout order for the jewish column to move off . szpilman seem as if he 's go to join they , but at the last moment turn and fall in with the Polish worker , beside barczak , who just glance at he then move so that szpilman be in the middle of the group . szpilman slip off he armband , stuff it into he pocket . the group walk into the darkness . ext . wisniowa STREET - night dimly light . empty street . szpilman walk fast to the corner , stop , look round anxiously . nothing . he take the armband from he pocket and drop it through the grate of a drain in the gutter just as there 's movement in a darken doorway . szpilman tense . then , out of the darkness of the doorway , a woman : janina godlewska . she turn and start to walk quickly . szpilman , put the collar of he coat up , follow , keep pace . a pedestrian walk past in the opposite direction but pay they no attention . janina and szpilman walk on . ext . bogucki build - night janina come to the front door , open it with a key , go in . szpilman , a little distance behind , catch up and follow she inside . int . hall , stair and 3rd floor , bogucki build - night janina wait as szpilman close the front door , then start up the stair . szpilman follow . she stop , turn to he , smile , kiss he on the cheek , then continue up the stair . int . bogucki apartment - night andrzej bogucki , a handsome man , fortyish , try to conceal he sense of shock at see szpilman he hold out he hand and szpilman shake it . szpilman look around the nicely furnish , large apartment . he look at bogucki and janina . tear well up in he eye . he fight it hard , not to cry . so do janina . bogucki we have not much time . int . SMALL bathroom , bogucki apartment - night szpilman lie in a steaming bath , eye close , as though he 's in a trance . a gentle knock on the door and bogucki slip in with some clothes . he gaze at szpilman , whose eye remain close . bogucki you must hurry . bogucki hold up a towel . szpilman lift himself out of the bath and dry himself . bogucki we be go to have to keep move you . the Germans be hunt down indiscriminately now . Jews , non - Jews , anybody , everybody . ( hand he the clothes ' ) see if this fit . and , wladek , you would better shave . use my razor . in the cabinet . int . live room , bogucki apartment - later the ceramic stove . szpilman 's ghetto clothes , tear into strip , be be stuff into it and burn . janina shove the strip of clothes into the stove . szpilman , now wear bogucki 's suit and clean-shaven , watch the clothes burn while he spoon hot soup into he mouth . szpilman thank you , I do not . bogucki you will be look after by Mr gebczynski . he 's on the other side of town . you will stay there tonight . then we will find you somewhere else . janina add the last strip of clothing . janina I will bring you food . bogucki let 's go . ext . warsaw street - night a rickshaw carry szpilman and bogucki travel along the dark street . ext . gebczynski be store - night the rickshaw come to a halt outside a store . the moment it stop the shutter of the store be raise and bogucki escort szpilman to the door , then quickly return to the rickshaw , which move off fast . int . gebczynski be store - night gebcznyski shake hand with szpilman , usher he in and then pull down the shutter . gebczynski 's store be for sanitary furnishings and supplies : lavatory , basin , bath , tap etc . gebczynski I will show you where you be go to sleep . he lead the way and as he go he pick up a cushion from a chair and a blanket . szpilman follow . stair to basement : gebczynski lead szpilman down the stair . basement store room : Dark , shadowy . shelves with tap , washer , pipe . gebczynski lead the may to a particular set of shelf . he put aside the cushion and blanket , then start to push at the shelf . szpilman , although puzzle , help . slowly , the shelf move to reveal a secret compartment . gebczynski it 's not go to be very comfortable . szpilman I will be fine . gebczynski you will have to stay here until tomorrow afternoon . he help szpilman into the compartment . gebczynski we have get a flat for you . near the ghetto wall . but it 's safe . he hand over the cushion and the blanket to szpilman ; then , put he back to the shelf and he foot against the wall , he push the shelf back into place so that szpilman be now hide . int . secret compartment - night in the cramped space , szpilman be not quite able to stretch full out . with difficulty , he put the cushion behind he head , start to cover himself with the blanket but stop , see something . in nich , neatly stack : rifle , pistol , grenade , ammunition szpilman stare , expressionless . ext . tram stop , warsaw STREET - afternoon szpilman and gebczynski wait with other at the stop as the tram trundle towards they and come to a halt . as they board : gebczynski ( quietly , to szpilman ) go as near to the front as possible , to the german section . int . tram ( travelling ) - afternoon gebczynski and szpilman apprehensive , push through the rear section , pack with pole , seat and stand , until they reach a chain and a sign : german only in the german section , only three or four passenger . some read newspaper , other stare into space or out of the window , but never look at the pole . szpilman try to appear as inconspicuous as possible . the tram rumble on its way . int . 1st apartment , 4th floor landing and door - afternoon gebczynski and szpilman come up the stair to the landing and to a door . gebczynski unlock the door and they go in . int . / ext . 1st apartment , 4th floor , and ghetto - afternoon a charmingly furnish bed-sitting room with a comfortable divan . gebczynski lead the way in . szpilman glance around , go to the window , look out . szpilman be Pov : he can see a section of ghetto wall below . Beyond it , inside the ghetto , a narrow street lead to desert building . gebczynski come up behind he . gebczynski must feel better this side of the wall . szpilman yes , but sometimes I be still not sure which side of the wall I be on . gebczynski here . he lead szpilman to the small kitchen . gebczynski open a cupboard to reveal potato , bread . gebczynski I will come again . and janina bogucki will visit twice a week . bring more food . see how you be . he close the cupboard . the MAIN room . gebczynski make for the front door , stop . gebczynski yes , now , this be very important . in case of emergency , I mean emergency , go to this address . he hand over a scrap of paper , shake szpilman 's hand and go quickly . alone , szpilman stand , lose for a moment . then , he take off he shoe and stuff the scrap of paper into it . while he do so , he eye light on the divan bed . he go to it , slip off he other shoe and lie down , testing the divan 's springiness with he whole body . he smile beatifically . he shut he eye and be instantly asleep . int . / ext . 1st apartment - day szpilman still fast asleep . voice wake he . he open he eye . he 's not certain where he be for a moment . he hear the voice again , come from the adjoin flat . intrigue , he rise , go closer to the watt , put he ear against it , listen . after a brief silence : kitten' voice ( angry ) puppydog , what d' you mean , you forget ? puppydog be voice what d' you think I mean , kitten ? I forget , that 's what I mean . kitten' voice you know what ? you treat I like dirt ! puppydog be voice I treat you like dirt because you be dirt . kitten' voice pig ! puppydog be voice cow ! kitten' voice pig ! puppydog be voice bitch ! kitten' voice dirty pig ! puppydog be voice you be a dirty pig ! kitten' voice take one to know one ! pig ! silence . szpilman be enjoy himself . then the sound of a piano be play with great feel but a lot of wrong note . puppydog be voice you play like a angel , kitten . the piano continue for a moment , but suddenly stop : kitten' voice if I play like a angel , why do not you listen ? puppydog be voice I be listen , kitten . kitten' voice liar , you fall asleep . pig ! a door slam . puppydog be voice ( wheedling ) kitten , let I in . silence . szpilman smile but then hear the sound of rifle shot and a huge explosion . he cross quickly to the window , look out . szpilman be Pov - the ghetto . desert . stillness . silence . from the ghetto smoke drift slowly . int . / ext . 1st apartment - early morning szpilman asleep on the divan . the roar of motor car and motorcycle engine . sporadic fire . he wake , rush to the window . szpilman be Pov : a german personnel carrier , a open car carry officer , and a motorcycle and sidecar roar down the narrow street below towards the building at the far end . german soldier follow behind on the trot , pull a field gun . unseen marksman fire down on the Germans from the building . as the german soldier dismount from they vehicle one of they be hit and fall . the other rush for cover . ext . inside the ghetto - minute later - early morning the german Commander and two officer alight from the car and take cover . the Commander order the field gun to be train on the building . spasmodic fire continue . he give the order to fire . the gun roar . the shell tear into the building . at once the german soldier open fire with they rifle and lob grenade into the building . the gun fire again . the building begin to burn . flame and smoke . german soldier with flame - thrower advance carefully then unleash they fire into doorway and window , and quickly retreat . at ground level , jewish fighter try to fight they way out and be mow down . the fire spread quickly through the building . smoke begin to pour from the upper floor . the Germans , less cautious now , stand and watch . a woman struggle out on to she narrow third - floor balcony . she climb over , hold on to the wrought- iron railing and hang on for dear life . Shots ring out and she drop like a stone . from inside the building , scream and shout . from another upper window , a man in flame jump and fall to he death on the pavement below . the Germans have stop fire . they stand , spectator , watch the building burn . int . / ext . 1st apartment - later - day szpilman at the window , watch , he mood downcast . the noise of a key in the door . he turn to see the door of the flat open . janina enter with a parcel of food . she kiss szpilman on the cheek . janina want to come earlier but ... she hand he the parcel . szpilman thank you . he go into the small kitchen and unpack the content while janina gaze out of the window . janina no one think they would hold out so long . szpilman should never have come out . I should have stay there , fight with they . janina ( turn to he ) wladek , stop that . it 's over now . just be proud it happen . my God , do they put up a fight . szpilman yes , so do the Germans . janina they be in shock . they do not expect it . nobody expect it . Jews fight back ? who would have think ? szpilman yes , but what good do it do ? janina ( passionate ) what good ? wladek , I be surprised at you . they die with dignity , that 's what good it do . and you know something else ? now the pole will rise . we be ready . we will fight , too . you will see . she turn to look again out of the window . ext . inside the ghetto - evening the building burn . corpse lie scattered on the pavement . the Germans stand about chat and laugh . a handful of jewish fighter be line up and shot . satisfied , the Commander return to he car . another officer confer with he before the engine start up and he be drive away . the building burn . ext . 1st apartment , szpilman be Pov - day blaze sun . the ghetto building now burn - out shell , the street empty . ext . 1st apartment - szpilman be Pov - day Autumn leave fall and gust in the wind . szpilman gaze out . ext. / int . 1st apartment - day snow . Ice on the window . the sound of the key in the door . szpilman turn as the door open and gebczynski enter , distraught . whisper , at speed : gebczynski get you thing together , you have to leave ! szpilman what 's happen ? gebczynski take out a cigarette and light it . while he do so : gebczynski I be on the run ! szpilman what 's happen ? gebczynski the gestapo find we weapon . they have arrest janina and Andrzej . they be bound to find out about this place , too - you must get away at once . szpilman where do you want I to go ? look at I . no , no , I be not leave . can not I take my chance here ? gebczynski that 's you decision . ( stub out cigarette . ) but when they storm the flat , throw yourself out of die window - do not let they get you alive . I have poison on I , they will not get I alive either ! and he go . szpilman listen to he footstep clatter down the stair . he see the cigarette stub , take it , light it , cough , smoke awkwardly . later : szpilman hear a car engine and the screech of brake . he tense . german voice shouting and they heavy footstep on the stair . he go to the window , open it . he get a chair , place it sideways in front of the window to make a step . he 's work out how best to throw himself out . he lean against the wall near the door and wait .. slam of door , german shout , a scream . szpilman steel himself , ready to jump . again footstep on the stair , but this time descend . a door slam . he cautiously go to the window and look out . int . / ext . 1st apartment - day szpilman be Pov - the STREET . in the street below , he see ss man escort two prisoner and shove into a car . the car speed off . the street be empty . int . 1st apartment - dusk snow . howling wind . szpilman lie on the divan . he be cold , unshaven , hair filthy and long . he manage to rise . the SMALL kitchen . a mess . szpilman go into the kitchen . from a bread tin he take a small , flat greaseproof paper parcel and unwrap it . a slice of bread , stale and mouldy . he try to bite it but can not . he find a knife and try to chop a piece off the bread but knock the bread tin , which fall to the floor with a clatter . he continue to try to cut the bread , when there 's a loud hammer on the front door . szpilman stiffen . the live room . the hammer continue as szpilman stumble into the room , look around , confuse , not know what to do . from the other side of the door female voice , word indistinct , and then : kitty' voice open this door at once , or we will call the police ! he be galvanise into action , put on a crumpled jacket , grab he tatter coat and scarf , collect up a few of he thing , stuff they into a paper bag . the hammer stop . szpilman cautiously approach the door , listen , then open it quietly and slip out . int . 1st apartment , landing and door - dusk he slip out of the flat , go to the stair and stop dead . kitty , young and fierce , stand on the stair , block he way . kitty be you from the flat in there ? you be not register . szpilman it belong to a friend of mine . I come to visit but I must have just miss he . kitty ( shouting ) have you get you identity card ? let I see you identity card ! szpilman hesitates ; she shout more loudly . kitty I want to see you identity card ! on various floor , door open , tenant put they head out to see what 's go on . summon all he strength , szpilman make a dash for it , push past Kitty . kitty ( screeching ) he 's a Jew ! he 's a Jew ! stop the Jew ! do not let he out ! szpilman clatter down the stair , reach the ground - floor landing . another woman try to bar he way but he push past she and out of the house . ext . STREET - evening heavy snow . szpilman stumble into the street and run . he dart down a side street . ext . side STREET - evening szpilman lurch into the narrow street . no one about . he stop , almost collapse , but manage to keep hold of himself . he put on he coat and wrap the scarf round he neck . he lean up against a wall . he remove a shoe and take out the scrap of paper gebczynski give he . he read it . ext . narbutt STREET - night szpilman drag himself along , trudging through snow and slush . passer - by give he a wide berth . he try to walk normally , with dignity , but he 's weak and slip , and find the go hard . he come to a villa . int . villa , narbutt STREET - night he go to the front door , ring the bell and wait . woman' voice ( from behind the door ) yes ? szpilman Mr gebczynski send I . the door open and dorota stand there . she be pregnant . they stand for a moment stare at each other . dorota ( a whisper ) wladyslaw szpilman . szpilman dorota . dorota come in ! come in ! int . dorota's villa - night szpilman follow dorota into the live room . dorota sit. szpilman I be sorry - I be give this address . I be look for a mr-- ( he check the scrap of paper . ') -- a Mr dzikiewicz . dorota ( nodd ) michal dzikiewicz . he 's my husband . szpilman sit down slowly . szpilman I need help . dorota he will be back before curfew . szpilman I have be in hide . I need somewhere to stay . dorota he will be here soon . awkward silence . he gaze at she . she look away . szpilman how long have you be marry ? dorota just over a year . he nod . brief silence . szpilman and how 's yurek ? dorota Dead . again , the awkward silence . szpilman when 's you baby due ? dorota Christmas . ( a pause . ) this be not a good time to have child . but then ... the door open and michal dzikiewicz enter . he see szpilman and stop . szpilman stand . dorota this be my husband . wladyslaw szpilman . Marek gebczynski send he . michal oh , yes . I remember . he shake hand with szpilman . szpilman Mr gebczynski say to contact you only in a emergency , but ... michal do not worry now . we can not move you tonight . szpilman , dizzy , lean on the table for support . michal you will sleep on the sofa . he and dorota look at he . szpilman Excuse I , could I have a piece of bread ? michal yes , of course , we will eat . int . dorota's villa - morning szpilman asleep on the sofa . the sound of a cello . he open he eye . listen . he swing he leg off the sofa , stand , and cross to a door . quietly , he open it a little . szpilman and he Pov - another room . dorota , partially turn away from he , play bach on the cello . szpilman watch she and listen . int . 2 nd apartment ( 4th floor ) , landing and door - night a padlock be unlock . then , a key be insert into the Yale lock , turn , and the door open . michal and szpilman on the landing , enter the flat . int . / ext . 2 nd apartment and STREET - night a large room , sparsely furnish but with a upright piano and a bed . michal carry a bag of provision and put they on a table while szpilman go immediately to the window and look out . szpilman be Pov : there be view of the city , but in the street below , opposite , be a hospital and , on the corner , a building fly a Nazi flag and guard by a sentry , stand at he sentry - box . michal come up behind szpilman . michal ( in whisper ) you be in a very german area . the building opposite be a hospital , take in wounded from the Russian front . next door be the schutzpolizei . it 's the safest place to be . right in the centre of the lion 's de . the apartment : michal make for the door . michal I will be lock you in . no one know you be here . so keep as quiet as possible . he nod and go . the sound of the padlock close . szpilman take in the room . he see the piano , be still for a moment , then go to it . he sit on the piano stool and adjust its height . he open the lid . a cloth cover the key . he remove the cloth . he gaze lovingly at the keyboard . he flexe he finger . then , without touch the key , he finger float just above they , he play . silently . passionately . ext . CITY skyline . point of view through window - day snow fall . int . 2 nd apartment - day szpilman alert , hearing the padlock be unlock and then iheydle . the door open and michal enter , accompany by a man , age about thirty , szalas , confident , a little brash . in whisper : michal all well ? szpilman thank you . michal this be antek szalas . szalas and szpilman shake hand . michal he 's go to look after you . I have give he a second key . he will bring you food . see that you be all right . he 's with the underground , a good man . szalas produce a quarter bottle of vodka , thump the back of the bottle so that the cork fly out . he find glass and pour . while he do all this : szalas you do not remember I , Mr. szpilman ? szpilman no , I do not think so ? szalas Warsaw Radio . I be a technician . I see you almost every day . szpilman sorry , I do not remember . szalas do not matter . you have nothing to worry about . I will visit often . michal and you will be pleased to hear the ally be bombing Germany night after night - cologne , Hamburg , Berlin . szalas and the Russians be really give they hell . it 's the beginning of the end . he give the other they vodka . michal let 's hope so . I do not know when I will see you again ? they clink glass and drink . ext . 2 nd apartment - day summer . tree in leaf . coming and going at the schutzpolizei building . and a ambulance draw up at the hospital , disgorge a couple of stretcher case , who be carry inside . int . 2 nd apartment - day very weak and he skin yellowish , drop four bean into boil water . the sound of the padlock be open . szpilman hurry to see the door open and szalas enter with a small and grin cheerfully . in whisper : szalas still alive then , be you ? here . sausage . bread . he hand over the package . you still get that vodka ? szpilman stare at the package . szpilman how long be this mean to last ? szalas shrug , find the vodka , pour two glass szpilman think I have get jaundice . he unwrap the package to reveal sausage and bread . he take a bite of sausage , chew deliberately , slowly . szalas you do not want to worry about that . my grandfather be jilted by he girl friend when he get jaundice . ( chuckle . ) in my opinion , jaundice be not very serious . drink up . szpilman why do not you come sooner ? it 's be over two week . szalas go to the window , look out . szalas problem . money . I have get to raise money to buy the food . I need thing to sell , it ' 's not easy . szpilman think for a moment , then take off he wristwatch , hand it to szalas . szpilman sell this . food 's more important than time . szalas pocket the watch , make for the door , stop . szalas oh , yes . I mean to tell you . the ally have land in France . the Russians will be here soon . they will beat the shit out of the Germans . any day now . he grin , downs szpilman 's vodka , give a mock salute and go . hie padlock be lock on the other side . szpilman enjoy he sausage . int . 2 nd apartment - day Sunshine flood in through the window . szpilman lie inert on the bed , weak , starve , ill . the sound of the padlock . he do not stir . dorota , no longer pregnant , and michal enter , come to the bed . in whisper : dorota wladek ? wladek ! ( to michal ) I know it , I know this would happen ! szpilman barely have strength to open he eye and focus on they . he mutter incoherently . dorota I be go to get a doctor . michal you can not , it 's too dangerous . dorota I will get Dr luczak , we can trust he . michal dorota , do not be ridiculous , he 's a pediatrician . dorota he 's still a doctor . she start for the door . michal no , you stay , I will go . he leave . the padlock sound . dorota go to the kitchen , wet a towel , come back to the bed , kneel it , place the towel on szpilman 's brow . he focus on she , smile . dorota we come to say goodbye . we be go to stay with my mother in otwock . the baby 's already there . it 's safer . there 's talk that the uprising will begin any day now . szpilman suddenly wince with pain . dorota that man szalas should be shot . he 's be collect money on you behalf all over Warsaw . apparently , people give generously . so he collect a tidy sum . he tell we he be visit you daily . she look at he ; barely audible . dorota oh God ! later : szpilman look up at Dr luczak , who have a stethoscope in he ear . dorota and michal stand behind he . doctor acute inflammation of the gall bladder . liver the size of a football . but he will live . I will try to get hold of some levulose , but it 's not easy . dorota can you visit he again ? doctor who know ? szpilman Doctor , thank you . doctor do not speak . Rest . the Doctor and michal leave he line of vision . dorota move in beside he . dorota michal bring food . I will prepare something now for you , then we must go . szpilman try again to say something , but he can not , just lie there , distress . ext . / int . apartment - szpilman be Pov - day szpilman look down from the fourth - floor window . peaceful . a few pedestrian . a everyday atmosphere . at the far end , at the t-junction with a main road , a tram rumble down the street and come to a halt , disgorge passenger on the far side and so out of sight . the tram continue on its way , now revealing the few passenger who alighted ' 97 woman , a old man with a stick . last , three young pole , carry long object wrap in newspaper . one of the man look at he watch , glance around , then suddenly kneel and put the package he 's carry to he shoulder . the sound of rapid fire , which make the newspaper at the end of the packet glow to reveal the barrel of a machine gun . his two companion have also put they package to they shoulder and begin shoot , all aim they fire at the schutzpolizei building . the sentry be hit and fall in front of he box . as if this young man have give a signal , now from all over the city come the sound of gunfire . the pedestrian have scattered except for the old man , gasp for breath , hobbling on he walk stick , who eventually manage to disappear inside a building . rifle and machine - gun fire from the schutzpolizei building . the fire intense . the three young pole manoeuvre to the corner opposite the schutzpolizei and toss grenade into the building . ext . down in the STREET - day a battle raging . the Germans fire from the hospital . the three young pole have be join by other fighter and they the schutzpolizei building . grenade throw , machine - gun fire exchange . the sentry box blow up , splinter of wood cascade . a couple of pole make a dash for it and enter a building opposite to the schutzpolizei . ext./ int . 2 nd apartment - szpilman be Pov - day szpilman watch from he window , look in the opposite direction and see smoke rise . when he turn back to look towards the t-junction , he see a panzerfaust anti-tank rocket firer poke out from a window in the next - door building but on the floor below . the panzerfaust fire . the shell hit the hospital . ext . CITY skyline - night the city in flame . sound of fire become sporadic , less intense . isolate explosion . int . 2 nd apartment - night szpilman , lie on the bed , stare at the ceiling . ext . 2 nd apartment - szpilman be Pov - day the interior of the schutzpolizei building burnt to cinder . a ambulance be be load with patient from the hospital . a horse -drawn cab round a corner and clatter down the street . int . / ext . 2 nd apartment - szpilman be Pov - day szpilman at the window , watch . the horse - draw cab clatter out of he sight . he be about to draw back when he see , directly beneath he , a man and woman walk with they hand in the air . then , a german soldier , point he rifle at they back , appear . suddenly , the man and woman begin to run . the man turn and disappear . the woman also turn , but the german soldier drop to one knee and fire . the woman clutches she stomach , drop slowly to she knee and collapse on the street in a awkward kneel position , and that 's how she remain . szpilman watch , aghast . then , he hear voice outside he door , shout , footstep , panic . the apartment : he run to he front door and listen . voice ( confuse ) where ? where ? just get out ! everywhere ! get out into the street ! more clatter of footstep . then : a man' voice get out now ! the Germans have surround the building ! they be go to blow we to piece . footstep descend stair , more shout , and : the man' voice ( further off ) everyone out , please ! leave you flat at once , please ! szpilman run to the door , try it but it 's padlock and he can not open the door . in panic , he run back to the window . his eye grow wide with terror . szpilman be Pov : again the STREET . a german tank bring its gun to bear on the building next to he . the gun jerk back and there 's a great roaring noise . the whole building shake . szpilman reek back , fall , get to he foot and crawl back to the window . he see the tank turret swivelling slowly , bring the gun to bear directly on a lower floor of he building . the roaring noise again . a terrific explosion . his window be shattered . Glass everywhere . he be throw back across the room . smoke begin to billow and fill the room . int . 2 nd apartment and adjoining apartment - day smoke fill the room . szpilman get to he knee , peer through the smoke and see that the wall separate he apartment from the one next door have be partially destroy , with a large hole blast in it . he stumble into the next - door apartment and out of the front door . int . 4 th and 5 th floor landing - day smoke everywhere . szpilman stagger up to the fifth - floor landing . there 's a metal attic door . szpilman push open the door and step into the attic . int . attic - day the roof space with laundry drying on line . szpilman enter the attic , close the door , lean on it . german voice fourth floor , fischke ! he look round , see that the roof have be shattered , leave a large , jag gap . he climb through the gap , on to the roof at the back of the building . int . 4 th floor landing - day the attic door be kick in by a german boot . a german soldier , wear he gas mask , bayonet fix , enter the attic , look round , see nothing , then : german voice at the double , fischke ! the soldier turn and hurry out . int . roof , back of build - day on the sloping roof , szpilman clutches the skylight and have he foot in the roof gutter . he listen - all quiet in the house . and then a bullet ricochet off the tile beside he . szpilman , terrify , drop , involuntarily catch a lower edge so that he foot dangle above a balcony below . more shot . he drop on to the balcony and look back . ext . rooftop , two street away - day two german soldier be fire at szpilman . int . roof , back of build - day szpilman clamber back into the building through the smashed balcony door . a couple of shot dangerously close . int . staircase - day smoke . szpilman stagger down the stair , stumble over a corpse and almost fall headlong . ext . garden and backyard - late afternoon the sun be set . szpilman crawl into the backyard . he hear german voice shouting command . he hide behind three garbage bin by the wall . he wait . listen . silence ext . STREET - evening desert . building on fire but die out . corpse in the street , include the woman who be shot , still in she strange kneel position . ext . front door and STREET - night szpilman watch from the doorway . then , drop down , he crawl across the road on he stomach , thread he way through the dead body , now besiege by fly , and make for the hospital opposite . german soldier appear from around a corner . szpilman immediately lie still , pretend to be just another corpse . fly alight on he . when the Germans pass , he set off again . int . ruined hospital , operating theatre - night Dark . szpilman crawl into a corner , rest . he 's exhaust . he try to take stock of he surroundings . he can make out the operate table . he manage to drag himself on to it . he lie there , he eye grow heavy . he sleep . ext . ruined hospital - day german soldier drag the corpse into a pile . a sergeant douse the body in petrol , then set they alight . the body burn . int . / ext . ruined hospital - szpilman be Pov - day from a shattered window on the first floor , he look at the burn body . two german soldier wander into he eyeline . he draw back a little but watch they warily . they sit just beneath he , chat , and take out they food - tin , drink coffee and eat bread . int . passage and ward , ruined hospital - day szpilman wander down the passage , see into the ward , the empty bed , the break furniture and medical equipment . int . kitchen , ruined hospital - day szpilman open cupboard , drawer , search , but try to be as quiet as possible . he see the refrigerator , quickly get to it , pull open the door . empty . he look around and notice a red fire bucket with a spade and a box of sand next to it . the bucket be full of water , cover with a iridescent film and full of dead fly . he drink as much water as he can without swallow the fly and , while he 's do so , he spot a couple of sack . he open the first : potato . the second contain barley . he try to eat the uncook barley but can not . later : a fire on the floor . szpilman hold a saucepan over it and be cooking the barley and some potato . he manage to scoop out a spoonful , blow to cool it , then eat . int . / ext . ruined hospital - szpilman be Pov - day szpilman at a window see autumn leave thick on the ground . and at the end of the street , a line of pole , some with they hand in the air , other with hand on head , be march away by german soldier . int . ward . ruined hospital - day . szpilman lie in bed under several layer of blanket . Ice on the window . he hear german voice shouting command . he sit up . int . / ext . ruined hospital , szpilman be Pov - day szpilman get to a window and look out . german soldier with flame - thrower be burn the building opposite . one soldier , with a bucket of white paint and a brush , number the building . szpilman crane to see they reach the end of the street , then cross over and start on the building on he side , work they way towards the hospital . he pull away and make for the back of the hospital . int . back of ruined hospital - day szpilman go to a window , jump out . he twist he ankle . he 's in pain . he crawl across the back garden and climb over the wall . ext . ruined street - day devastation , not a human be in sight . nothing . emptiness . he be alone . szpilman hobble away . ext . ruined villa - evening cautiously , szpilman limp towards the villa , a once grand building , but now partly damage by shell fire . he make he way in . int . hall , ruined villa - evening szpilman enter the hall , still show sign of its former opulence . I Silent . ominous . he look round anxiously , then see the stair lead down to the basement . he hurry towards they and descend . int . kitchen , ruined villa - evening Dark , shadowy . szpilman come down a flight of wooden stair that have directly into the kitchen . immediately , he begin to search fractically , open cupboard , drawer . he find a can with a label illustrate pickle cucumber . desperately , he search for something to open it with . he discover a pair of scale with a variety of weight . he seize one of the weight when , very close , he hear the sound of a car come to a halt , then the car door slam , a german voice give command . he drop the weight but , hold the tin , he scamper up the stair . int . back stair , ruined villa - evening szpilman , clutching the unopen tin , make he way up the narrow , wooden staircase . int . top floor , ruined villa - evening szpilman , panting heavily , reach the top floor . he see a small door , try it . it open . int . attic and loft , ruined villa - evening szpilman enter , close the small door behind he . he lean back , rest , recover . and then he hear from down below a piano play a Beethoven piece . after a few bar , the music stop . szpilman listen anxiously . silence . he look around , find himself in a attic space fill with junk , a ladder , rotting material , travel trunk . last light of day filter through a dormer window . there 's a ladder lead up to a trapdoor . szpilman climb the ladder . he crawl into a small empty space . with enormous effort he pull up the ladder and close the trapdoor . exhausted and try to catch he breath , he gaze at the unopen tin . he peer through the darkness but see nothing . his eye begin to droop . ext . warsaw CITY skyline - night artillery fire . fire glow on the horizon . int . loft , ruined villa - night szpilman wake suddenly . he listen . silence but for the distant gunfire . he see the unopen tin of pickle , stare at it . he open the trapdoor . int . back stair , ruined villa - night szpilman , a shadow , a spectre , creep down the stair . int . kitchen , ruined villa - night szpilman have place the tin and the weight on a shelf and be engross in search again . he find a pair of chicken scissors . use the weight , he start to hammer the point of the scissors into the tin make a perforation round the rim . the tin slip off the shelf and roll across the floor come to rest at a pair of highly polished jackboot . szpilman stifles a gasp . on the stair , in silhouette , gaze down at he , the figure of a german captain , the thumb of one hand catch in he belt above he pistol . the german captain ( stern ) who the hell be you ? szpilman just stare at he . the german captain who be you ? no response . the german captain what the hell be you do ? szpilman ( barely audible , in german ) I be ... I be try to open this tin . the german captain where do you live ? no response . the german captain what 's you work ? szpilman I be ... I be a pianist . the german captain a pianist . he study szpilman for a moment , then with a nod order he to follow . szpilman pick up the tin and follow . int . room , ruined villa - night szpilman follow the german Captain through a double door , hang off its hinge , into a room with a break table in the centre , what once be the dining room . and then through another set of door . the german Captain 's boot echo . they come into a spacious room . faint moonlight filter through the large window . fall masonry and break glass . a couple of chair . and a grand piano in the corner . the german Captain point at the piano . the german captain play . szpilman hesitates , then limp to the piano , put down the tin , and open the lid . he turn and drag one of the chair over and sit . the german Captain stand and watch . szpilman glance surreptitiously at he hand , and then he play chopin . the german Captain listen , expressionless . the pale moonlight show he to be a handsome , elegant man . szpilman finish play . silence . somewhere , a cat mews . distant burst of rifle fire . the german Captain stare at szpilman . after a moment : the german captain be you hide here ? szpilman nod . the german captain Jew ? Long pause . szpilman just stare at he . the german captain where be you hide ? szpilman ( in german ) in the attic . the german captain show I . szpilman hesitates , take the tin and then shuffles past the german Captain towards the door . int . attic and loft area , ruined villa - night szpilman and the german Captain enter . the german Captain take out a flashlight , see the ladder in place , lead up to the loft . szpilman climb the ladder , squeeze into the loft and look down at the german Captain , who shine he light on he . the german captain have you anything to eat ? szpilman show he the tin . the german captain I will bring you something . he go quickly , leave szpilman in darkness . szpilman , overcome by relief , can barely catch he breath . ext . ruined villa - night the german Captain stride out of the villa , down the front step to a wait car and a driver . he get into the car . the driver start the engine and the car speed off into the night . int . loft - night szpilman hear the car 's engine grow fainter . he start to tremble and then begin to cry . he weep uncontrollably . int . hall , room , ruined villa - day much activity : officer come and go , orderly type . officer king on field telephone . desk , filing cabinet . the german Captain , carry a bulg shoulder bag , march into a room just off the hall and go to he desk just as a orderly drop papers in he in - tray . on the desk , there 's a frame photograph of he noh a woman and two child . german Captain glance at the papers , take a pen , initial one or two and then go . the grand staircase : the german Captain march up the stair purposefully , as if he 's on urgent business . int . loft and attic - day the german Captain enter . he put two finger in he mouth and whistle . the german captain open up . after a moment , the trapdoor shift and szpilman look down . the german Captain take a package from he shoulder bag and throw it up into the loft . he turn to go . szpilman please . the german Captain stop . szpilman what 's all that gunfire ? the german captain the Russians . on the other side of the river . ( turn to leave , stop ; with a touch of irony : ) all you have to do be hang on for a few more week . he go quickly . szpilman open the package , find bread and marmalade . then he find a tin-opener . ext . ruined villa - day snow . the sound of distant gunfire . the Germans be evacuate the villa . Men carry out box , filing cabinet , desk , papers and load they into truck . they be careless , leave a trail of debris . no sentries now . int . attic and loft area , ruined villa - day szpilman , listen and shiver with cold . he hear the whistle . he open the trapdoor to see the german Captain in the attic , carry a package . the german captain come down . szpilman descend . szpilman what 's happen ? the german captain we be get out . szpilman face the german Captain . szpilman ( in german ) be the Russians here ? the german captain not yet . he hand szpilman the package . szpilman open it to find inside several loaf of bread . szpilman I do not know how to thank you . the german captain do not thank I . thank God . it 's his will that we should survive . well . that 's what we have to believe . silence . szpilman shiver with cold . the german Captain take off he coat and give it to he . szpilman what about you ? the german captain I have get another one . warmer . ( brief pause ) what will you do when it 's all over ? szpilman I will play the piano again . on Polish radio . the german captain tell I you name . I will listen out for you . szpilman szpilman . the german captain szpilman . ( a crooked smile ) good name for a pianist . ext . street near ruined villa - day freeze weather . empty street . then the sound of record music , as a car , with a loudspeaker and a Polish national flag , come into view , the Polish national anthem blaring out from the speaker . int . loft - day szpilman , wear the german Captain 's coat and under the eiderdow , hear the strange sound of the music , which he recognise . he 's astonished , puzzle . he come to a decision and start to leave . int . / ext . hall and STREET , ruined villa - day cautiously , in he german military overcoat , szpilman trot down the staircase into the empty hall . he go to the front door , open it a crack and cautiously go out . ext . STREET - day szpilman look around , hearing the car loudspeaker indistinctly . loudspeaker voice ... german army ! Polish soil liberated ! official ! his excitement grow and he walk out into the street . he see at one end soldier serve soup from afield kitchen to a group of people . on the opposite side of the street , he see a man and a woman who have leave the field kitchen . the man carry a two - tiere canister . szpilman rush towards they , grab hold of the man and try to kiss he . the man , totally bewilder , try to fight he off . the woman be terrify . the woman german ! german ! she run , yell , towards the field kitchen . so do the man . szpilman stand and stare , then see one of the soldier cock he rifle and fire at he . szpilman run , the fire continue . ext . ruins - day szpilman bolt into the doorway of a ruin building . he peer out to see Polish soldier beginning to surround the ruin building , fire shot , lobbing in a grenade or two . szpilman ( shouting ) stop , for God 's sake , I beg you , I be Polish ! more shot and another grenade explosion . szpilman do not shoot ! I be Polish ! the Polish soldier : two of the officer stand near the entrance , hearing szpilman 's shout . 1st polish officer he 's Polish ! 2 nd polish officer ( yell ) come out with you hand up . szpilman ( obey ) do not shoot ! I be Polish ! please , please ! I be Polish ! 1st polish officer yes , he 's Polish ! 2 nd polish officer ( as szpilman approach ' ) why the fuck coat ? szpilman I be cold . the Polish officer confer briefly in whisper . then : 2 nd polish officer take he to headquarters . and they march he off . ext . long country lane and holding camp - day spring . idyllic . a column of man and woman stretch along the length of the lane . a couple of horse - and -cart . one or two bicycle . some of the people wear concentration camp garb , other in tatter clothing . four man walk together and when they come to a narrow junction , stop , see something behind barb wire , german prisoner of war , guard by Russian soldier . desolate place . no shelter , no tent . the pow sit or lie on the ground , silent , break , shattered . the four man gaze at they . : 1st man look at they - bastard ! 2 nd man german fucker ! 3rd man I pray for this , never think I would see it . the fourth man , zygmunt lednicki , approach the barb wire . lednicki murderer ! assassin ! look at you now ! you take everything I have ! I , a musician ! ( wag he finger fiercely ) you take my violin ! you take my soul ! he stand glower at they , then see a pow rise from a group , wretch , shabby , unshaven . it 's the german Captain , uniform tatter , a wreck . he come to the barb wire . the german captain ( urgent ) ( in german ) do you happen to know another musician , a Mr szpilman ? a pianist ! Polish radio ? lednicki yes , of course , I know szpilman . the german captain ( desperate ) I help Mr szpilman when he be in hide . tell he I be here . ask he to help I ... a russian guard , inside the compound , approach , grab hold of the german Captain . russian guard ( to lednicki , in Russian ) hey ! no talk to the prisoner . get away from there ! he drag the german Captain away from the wire . lednicki ( as he back away , call ) what 's you name ? the german Captain be be bundle away by the guard , who aim a kick at he . the german Captain shout out he name but it 's unintelligible . lednicki what ? the german Captain and the guard have disappear . lednicki stand for a moment , then turn and go . int . studio , warsaw radio station - day szpilman play the piano . he look something like he former self , fairly well dress and groom . he glance towards the glass booth and see lednicki with the technician . he smile . lednicki nod , smile back . ext . site of pow camp - day szpilman and lednicki look around a empty field . lednicki it be here , I be certain of it . szpilman it 's not here now . lednicki I shout abuse at they , I be not proud of it , but that 's what I do , and , I be certain , I stand where you be now . there be barb wire , and this german come up to I . szpilman you do not catch he name . lednicki no . I will ask at the factory . they may know something . lednicki go . szpilman stand , look around the empty field . he be fill with sadness . he sit . he close he eye and put he face to the sun . superimpose caption : it be later discover that the name of the german officer be captain wilm hosenfeld . all that be known be that he died in a soviet prisoner-of - war camp in 1952 . wladyslaw szpilman continued to live in warsaw until he death on 6 JULY 2 ooo . he be eighty - EIGHT year old . int . concert hall - night szpilman play chopin 's piano concerto no 1 with full orchestra and conductor . he play superbly . the music be glorious . fade out : the end :