elf < !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> cu : a modern -looking christmas book entitled : elf a Christmas book entitle " elf " sit on a table , a draw of 6 ' 2 " buddy the elf ( the guy we have see from all the trailer and poster ) be on the cover . we push in on the book and it magically flip open to the first page : a draw of small papa elf in he wonderful work shop . int . papa elf' workshop - NORTH pole - day pull out from the book to reveal the real life elf and workshop of the draw we have just see . papa elf , 540 year old or roughly 55 in human year , be surround by score of strange and specific tool and some scattered half - build toy . papa elf so you be here for the story ? okay . just let I wet my whistle . he pour himself a shot of milk in a snow - flake shot glass and downs it . papa elf ( like it 's liquor ) whoo ! that 's strong ! must be two percent ! elve love to tell storey , you probably do not know that , do you ? well , there 's a lot of thing about we that people do not know . for instance , we can not tell a lie . it 's physiologically impossible . here 's another interesting elf-ism : there be three job available to a elf . you can make shoe at night while a old cobbler sleep ... but it 's not exactly the most reward work . quick CUT away to two elve hammer away at a pile of shoe as a fat shoemaker sleep with a copy of " hot cobbler " magazine on he chest , a busty cobbler lady on the cover . disgruntled cobbler elf lazy bastard could not even make a flip -flop ... ext . elf tree - day the exterior of a tree , we hear cooking go on inside . papa elf ( v.o . ) ... you can bake cookie in a tree . but it 's dangerous have a oven in a oak during dry season ... we hear a yelp and now a siren ring and then the tree burst into flame , elve scurry out . int . papa elf' workshop - continuous papa elf but the third job . well , the third job make be a elf worthwhile . some call it " the show " or the " big dance " . it 's the profession every elf aspire to . and that 's to build toy in Santa 's workshop . CUT to : a tracking shot of santa's workshop the camera whip by a crowd of bustling elve building doll , toy horse , action figure , squirt gun ... everything . there 's even a row of X -box be assemble . papa elf it 's a job only a elf can do . we nimble finger , natural cheer and active mind be perfect for toy building . they have try use gnome or troll but the gnome drank too much and the troll be not toilet train . CUT away : 1 ) a drunk gnome , stein in hand , vomit below the table . 2 ) a troll wear a diaper be chew out by a elf clean up the floor . papa elf and no human could ever do this work . they hand be too big and they tend to get testy when over work . in fact , no human have ever set foot in Santa 's workshop . that be until about thirty year ago . and in case you have not guess it , that 's we story . it be back in 1968 . a particularly successful Christmas ... int . orphanage - night a Christmas tree flicker . a nurse change a giggle ten month - old baby 's diaper . nurse you be quite a giggler , be not you ? ( lie he down ) well , it 's time for night - night . she tuck the baby in and exit . nurse ( as she leave ) merry Christmas , my angel . close on the rocking crib . the baby rise , giggle . his eye light up as he stand , hold the gate of the crib . Santa 's black boot drop in from the chimney . the baby shake the gate . quickly , Santa move to the Christmas tree , where he lay out present . there be a off -screen clang ! Santa look up and see the empty crib . the gate be down : baby Pov he gleefully skitter across the floor towards a large , fuzzy teddy bear in santa's big red bag . fade to : int . santa's workshop a bevy of elve with slightly larger 60 's elf collar and sideburn celebrate another successful Christmas . several elve start chanting for a speech . santa , seat in he rocker , stand to applause . merrily , he gesture for quiet . santa alright , alright ... well , we have have another successful year . prancer be able to control he bladder over Baltimore , and we do not forget delaware ... a party horn blow . laughter . Santa cheerfully pat down with he hand for quiet . santa and now after a lot of hard work it 's time for a vacation , start now ! Santa look at he watch as five second click off . the elve all rest they head on they elbow . santa alright ! vacation 's over ! back to work ! time to start preparation for next Christmas . the elve cheer and get back to work . when a off -screen cooing be hear . santa what in the name of Sam Hill ...? more cooing . perplex , Santa look down to he bag just as a human baby , dress only in a diaper , crawl out and smile . silence . the elve stare in awe at the strange visitor . a elf look on the back of he diaper and see the brand name " Little buddy diaper " . elf twin # 2 it 's name be buddy . he must have ... elf twin # 1 ... snuck into you sack at the orphanage . what do we do , Santa ? Santa look befuddle . papa elf ( v.o . ) Santa have a decision to make . but fortunately when it come to baby , Santa 's a push over . so buddy would stay with a older elf who have always want a child , but have be so commit to building toy , he have forget to settle down . yes , buddy be raise by I , he adopt father . my , how I love that boy . montage : buddy growing up as a elf a giant baby be wedge into a extra-tiny crib . Super 8 home movie of papa elf hold a two - year old baby that be almost as big as he be . papa elf ( v.o . ) tough buddy grow twice as fast , he be not any different from the other little elve . I mean , not really ... video footage : of 7 - year old buddy riding a really small tricycle around in circle at a birthday party with a laugh elf child on he back and another elf under he arm . papa elf ( v.o . ) and though it be against the code of elve to lie , all agree that until buddy ask we , no one be go to bring up the fact that he be actually a human be . a series of Polaroid photo show buddy , 12 , dunking a basketball over three elve . buddy in elf school , wedge in a tiny desk . the elf teacher be point to the black board where " the code of elve " be write . elf teacher and before we learn how to build the latest in extreme graphic chipset processor , let 's recite the code of the elve , shall we ? number one ? elf student treat every day like christmas ! elf teacher number two ? elf student there's room for everyone on the nice list ! elf teacher number three ? we push in on buddy as he recite ... buddy & everyone the best way to spread christmas cheer be singing loud for all to hear ! ext . elf hockey pond - current day - day a announcer elf be on a megahorn , do play by play of a elf hockey team ... announcer ( on megaphone ) lum lum across the line , feed it to foom foom , behind the net , look , feed blinky ... wait ! rimpo-correction , wombo . I think ... and - uh - oh ! - here come buddy ! quick cut a smile buddy pound tiny elve into the board with brute force . the elve be helpless . buddy finish this off with a wick slap -shot . announcer ( like a elf Pat foley ) he scooooooooooooooooooores ! and it 's 14 - zero with eleven minute leave in the first period . int . elf locker room - day Post game , buddy 's in the locker room . elve congratulate he and occasionally reach up to slap he on the butt . pom pom good game , buddy . buddy thanks ! sorry about you shoulder , pom pom ! pom pom no sweat . it 's just a collar bone ! they be all toss they jock strap in the bin . Little elf jock land , and then a huge one , proportionately the size of a large serve tray . it 's buddy 's . papa elf ( v.o . ) but as much as buddy be accept by he friend and family , there be drawback to be a human in a elve ' world . rapid FIRE : a dozen shot of buddy slamm he face into doorway , beam , cabinet . this shot look shockingly painful . buddy ow...jeez ... yike ... golly ... charle dicken ! sone of a nutcracker ! int . papa elf' workshop - day the finale : buddy attempt to put a star on top of the semi-tall elf Christmas tree . but buddy 's pointy elf slipper get hang up in a ornament . the elve step back , prepare for the inevitable : buddy panic , wiggle he leg and pull the tree over on top of he , fall into the fire place and engulf in flame . pom pom spray he with a mini-fire extinguisher . papa elf ( v.o . ) and no where be buddy 's difference more obvious than in Santa 's toy shop . dissolve to : int . santa's workshop - NORTH pole - day we see a assembly line of elve make etch -a-sketch with wooden hammer . we pan finally to buddy as a elf supervisor approach . buddy gee , I be sorry , ming -ming . I be gonna come in a little short on my quota today . elf supervisor it 's okay , buddy . how many etcha- sketch do you get finish ? buddy be about to answer . but then he face wince up . fighting back tear . elf supervisor how many , buddy ? it 's okay , you can tell I . clearly tear up now , buddy set he tiny wooden hammer to the side and reveal a box of he toy . buddy I only make ... ( cry ) eighty -five . eighty -five ? he might as well have say zero . the elve all look at each other . elf supervisor oh , do not worry about it buddy . this be a great start ! you be only 915 off pace . buddy oh , why do not you just say it ming ming ?! I be the worst toy maker in the whole world ! I be a cotton-head ninny - muggins ! elf supervisor oh , you be not a cotton -head ninny muggins ! we all have different talent , that 's all . buddy actually , it seem like everyone have the same talent . except for I . elf supervisor that 's not true , you have lot of talent . special talent . like , uh ... supervisor elf look around to the other elve for back up . they try to chime in . elf # 1 you change the battery in the fire alarm ! elf # 2 ( absurdly positive ) you sure do ! triple a 's ! and in six month , you will need to check them again ! wo not he ! ( everyone agree ) elf # 3 and you be the only baritone in the elf choir . without you , we would sound like a bunch of ... I mean , you bring we down a whole octave ! elf # 1 in a good way ! elf supervisor see ? you be not a cotton-head ninny muggins . you be ex-traordinary ! buddy well , you know what ? I be sick of be extraordinary ! upset , buddy struggle to get he thigh out from under he desk , and now run off , tagging he head on the door frame . int . papa' workshop - continuous buddy storm into he tiny house . papa elf look up from he work , surprised . buddy can not speak . he run over and lock himself in the bathroom . int . elf bathroom - continuous this bathroom be absurdly SMALL , buddy squeeze in like Harry houdini . the toilet be the size of a Big gulp cup . buddy sit on it and start to sob . wash he face in the tiny sink . knock knock . we intercut with papa elf at the door . papa elf Son ? be you okay ? buddy go away ! papa elf ( shocked ) buddy ! buddy I be sorry , papa . May I please have some buddy time ? papa elf open up , son . I think we need to talk . the door finally creek open , revealing a funny wide shot of he squeeze into this box of a room . he wiggle out . still wiggling . papa elf come sit with you papa . papa sit on the couch , buddy sit on papa elf 's knee . papa wince . papa elf alright , let 's hear it . buddy well , everyone know you be Santa 's master tinker . and grandpapa be master tinker before you . and great grandpapa before ye . I be suppose to follow in you footstep ... but I be always let everyone down . papa elf well , there 's something I should probably tell you , buddy . and it 's long over due ... ( intense beat ) you see ...um ... buddy what be it , papa ? papa elf look into buddy 's beautifully innocent eye . he can not bring himself to do it . papa elf ( change the subject ) I need you help on something . ( adjust buddy 's weight ) up up now , nice and -- ow , ow !... there we be . papa elf lead buddy through a door to reveal the most amazing sight buddy have ever beheld . santa's sleigh a glow emanate from the hand -rubbe , red-lacquered wood chassis , illuminate the entire room . buddy wow . Santa 's sleigh ! ( hesitates ) can I touch it ? papa elf touch it ? you be go to help I make it fly , buddy . buddy I think the magical reindeer make the sleigh fly . papa elf and where do the reindeer get they magic from ? buddy Christmas spirit . everyone know that . papa elf yes , but unfortunately , Christmas Spirit be become a very limited resource . buddy what do you mean ? papa elf ( hard to break the news ) well , buddy , as silly as it sound , there be a lot of people down South who do not believe in Santa Claus . buddy ( shocked ) what ? who do they think put all they toy under the tree ? papa elf there 's a rumor float around that parent be put they there . buddy that 's ridiculous ! there 's no way parent could do that all in one night ! and what about Santa 's cookie !? I suppose parent eat they too ? papa elf I know ... but every year less and less people be believe in Santa , and today we have get a real energy crisis on we hand . see how low the claus-o- meter be ? we see a gauge on the instrument panel of the sleigh with christmas spirit level write and a needle rest in the dangerously low red section . papa elf that 's why I install this little baby back in the sixty . papa push a red button , cause a jet engine to shudder with a high -pitch whir . buddy be amaze . buddy oh my gosh ! papa elf watch the language son . buddy forgive I , papa . what 's that ? papa elf a viper turbojet with 358 cubic meter of displacement , high volume air intake and customize spark timing . ( off buddy 's look ) I know , it 's a little less magical , but everyone 's still get they wish , that 's the important thing , right ? ( around he ) listen , the motor mount be give I some wiggle . do you want to give the ol ' man a hand ? buddy ( come around ) do I ?! and just like that , father and son hunker down and tinker together . dissolve to : int . santa's workshop - toy testing - the next day we push past a tiny door mark testing . elve everywhere be testing toy . buddy stand in front of a conveyor belt push Jack in the box past he . he turn the crank produce the ' pop goe the weasel ' tune and a puppet pop out scare he every time . pop ! buddy ahh ! another one : pop ! buddy uhhhh ! this one do not pop for a beat and then : pop ! buddy ( biggest one yet ) ahhhh !! ( to supervisor ) I be go to take five , okay krumpet ? krumpet okay ! we follow buddy as he approach a elf kitchenette . but before he enter , he stop , over - hearing a few elve drink cider and talk behind he back . foom foom ... and that ex - traordinary bit ! that be quick think . elf supervisor hey , I feel bad for the guy . I just hope he do not get wise . foom foom hey , he 's believe he be a real elf for this long , have not he ? we slam into a close up of buddy shocked face quick series of flashbacks from buddy past flash before he eye not unlike ' the sixth sense ' . at the shoemaker : buddy be painfully squeezing into new shoe . in bed : buddy toss and turn - three bed have be push together to make a human twin-size bed . in the elf shower : buddy be struggle to wash under a three - foot high shower head . the elf choir photo : only buddy 's waist be visible , he 's cropped out . a exact replay of that rapid-fire shot of buddy slamm he head into doorway , beam , cabinet . buddy ow...jeez ...yike ...golly ... charle ... dicken ! sone of a nutcracker ! in the factory : tinkering with a Ken doll , buddy move the arm like he arm . back on buddy , queasy . his head spin as the camera circle he . the room spin . buddy 's knee go weak . pom pom hurry over , concerned . pom pom you do not look so good , buddy . be you okay ? buddy try to speak , but instead collapse right on top of pom pom , crush he beneath he weight . pom pom ( muffle under buddy ) I be okay , buddy . do not worry about a thing . I be warm . int . papa' workshop - ten minute later buddy wake up from he sleep to find himself in papa 's workshop . focus rack to papa tend to he son . buddy ooooooh . I have a terrible nightmare . papa elf what be it , buddy ? buddy I dreamt I be not a elf at all . I be a human . oh , it be awful . I be not a human , be I papa ? papa elf I know this day would come . you see , buddy , I love you and nothing can ever change that . but the fact be , it be not a dream . you be not like the rest of we . buddy you mean I be not a elf ? papa elf no , son , you be a human be . buddy no wonder I be always freezing ! papa elf we decide it be best to let you think you be one of we . buddy but I think elve can not lie . papa elf we can not . but buddy , you never ask ! I think for sure when you crack six foot it would come up . buddy ( get upset ) I think I have a glandular problem . papa elf you gland be fine . buddy ( emotional ) so , you be not my papa ? papa elf oh , I will always be you papa . it 's just you have another papa , too . a biological papa . papa elf open a drawer and show buddy a photo : a young couple be in love ... papa elf ( v.o. ) I then proceed to tell buddy of how he father have fall in love when he be very young with a beautiful girl name Susan Welles , and how buddy be bear and put up for adoption by he mother . and how she have later pass away . I tell he he father have never even know buddy be bear . and most importantly , I tell he where he dad be : in a magical land call New York City . papa elf put a snow globe in front of buddy show the Empire State Building with a sign new york CITY . buddy uhh ! I feel confuse and sweaty ! I need some buddy time ! buddy run off . papa elf buddy ?! buddy ?!! ext . NORTH pole - minute later buddy run and run . he pass some animated animal , a rabbit , a raccoon and a squirrel . raccoon hey , buddy ! want to sing and pick snow berry ? buddy not now pipsy !! he pass by a animated snowman in the front yard of a toasty little cottage . jim the snowman ( a faint whisper ) oooohhh ! buddy ... buddy hi , Jim . what 's wrong ? jim the snowman ( very quietly ) uh , ow . sorry ... my back 's out of line again . do you mind crack it for I again ? buddy sure , Jim . buddy come from behind he , squeeze and then we hear a crack . jim the snowman ( speak at full volume ) ohhh , thank you , buddy . that 's soooo good . it 's from all the stand . they never build I sit down . hey ? why the long face ? buddy well , Jim . it seem I be ... I be not a elf . jim the snowman of course you be not . you be six - three and have a beard when you be fifteen . buddy papa say my real father be live in a magical place far away . jim the snowman at least you have a father . I be just roll up one day . I never have anyone to play catch with . and even if I do . I only have stick for arm . buddy I guess I be pretty lucky after all . jim the snowman I bet you dad would be so happy to see you , he would hug you and never let go . I wish I have a dad to hug . and even if I do , I only have stick for arm . buddy I understand about you arm , Jim . jim the snowman well , you should do all the thing I can not . go see he . hug he . and play catch . and scratch you ass . buddy I will . I be gonna go find my dad ! int . santa's workshop - the next day a triumphant swell of music as buddy walk through the workshop for the last time . each elf he pass say goodbye . buddy bye choo-choo ! bye Sunshine ! bye tinkle winkle ! by puffy ! bye flade ! bye gayle ! Santa step into frame and put he arm around buddy . santa so I hear you be go on a little journey to the big city ? buddy yeah , but I be kind of nervous . Jim tell I New York be really different . santa do not listen to Jim . he 's never be anywhere . he do not even have any foot . I have be to New York thousand of time . buddy wow . what 's it like ? santa well there 's some thing you should know : first off , if you see gum on the street , leave it there . it 's not free candy . second , there be like thirty Ray 's pizzas and they all say they be the original , but the real one 's on eleventh . and if you see a sign for a peep show , it do not mean they be let you look at present before Christmas . buddy so much to remember ... santa do not worry , something tell I this trip be go to be good for you . ( patting he on the back ) it 's time for my buddy here to spread he wing . buddy I can not wait ! I and dad be gonna go ice-skate and eat sugarplums ! santa that 's the other thing I want to talk to you about . you see , buddy , you father ... well he 's on the naughty list . fast push into : the naughty list , landing on " walter hobb . " buddy noooooo !!!! santa I be sorry , but it 's true . buddy my stomach hurt . it feel like evil . santa listen , buddy , some people . they get mix up about what 's important in life . but that do not mean they can not change . maybe you dad just need a little Christmas spirit ! buddy I be good at that ! santa I know you be . papa elf step forward , try to hide the fact that he 's tear up . he and buddy embrace . papa elf I love you , buddy . and I will always be here for you . ( cry ) now go on , get ! buddy ( cry ) yes , papa . ( cry and skip ) bye guy . I will miss you . I really will . ext . NORTH pole - night animal wave as buddy head off into the unknown . animal bye , buddy . buddy bye lovable woodland animal ! ext . NORTH pole - night buddy sit on a ice flow . he drift along the cold sea through a haze , transition from the magic land of the north pole to the real world . ext . snow field - day buddy trudge through a massive snow field . each step he take go down five foot deep , we dissolve to a series of scene show this epic struggle . he wear a beard of ice . exhausted , buddy consider leave himself for dead , but use he last ounce of strength to pull out the old photo of he father , walter hobb . dissolve to : int . greenway PRESS - empire state build - meanwhile a large child 's storybook publishing company . large - size book cover line the wall . " Max the Big Blue cat " , " the adventure of rabbit gang & pop " , etc . this place run like a well - oile machine . a huge corner office say ' walter hobb , editor . ' int . walter hobb ' office - day walter be the guy from buddy 's picture , only he look a little older and a little meaner . a nun stand in front of walter 's large desk . nun you be take the book back ? walter hey , you be the one who 's behind on the payment , do not try to make I out to be the bad guy here . nun we be try to get yo the money , but it 's be difficult to raise the funding ... the child be sponsor another bake sale next month . that should help . walter see , there 's you problem . you can not expect a bake sale to make solid cash this day . place like dunkin ' donut and cinnibon be expand they product base with alternative breakfast and desert item . even Starbucks carry baked goods . you guy really need to start think out of the box . ( out window ; to NYC ) it 's call capitalism , miss Peters . if you can not stand the heat , move to Canada . nun ( begging ) the kid really love the book . walter you do not need to tell I that , I make they . I be the one who run the focus group . deb , the secretary , poke she head in . deb Mr. hobb , you two o'clock be here . walter would you please use the intercom ? we talk about this . deb do you want I to use it now ? I mean , I already tell you . walter purposefully ignore she . Deb leave frame and now we hear she on the intercom . deb ( o.s. ) ( from intercom ) Mr. hobb , you two o'clock be here . walter ( hit button ) get it . ( to nun , compassionate ) tell you what , I know how much this book mean to you kid over there ... ( beat ) I will give you a three - week extension . nun ( sarcastic ) bless you heart . walter ( too busy to hear ) if I be you , I would stay away from perishable goods . think consumer service . that 's hot right now . ext . CANADA - day buddy be half - way there . he 's now clearly in the real world . he walk through a choppy , muddy , snowy terrain past a rusted propane tank . a real live raccoon cross he path . buddy act like it 's a cartoon . buddy heyyyy . what 's you name ? I be buddy ! buddy corner the raccoon , trapping it . try to be nice . it hiss like crazy . but buddy be undeterred . buddy sound like someone need a hug ! he lunge forward . like lightning , the raccoon bite buddy in the face . buddy nut cracker !!! ext . highway - day buddy walk along the highway , look up , then stop in he track . reveal : a sign that say new york CITY / lincoln tunnel . his eye light up . ext . manhattan - morning we see buddy timidly inch he way through the lincoln tunnel along the walkway , press up against the wall while traffic roar by . like a stray cat , buddy dodge through traffic . his feeling of wonder be start to be replace with fear . he exit to the sight of the tower skyline of New York City with the sun break over it . he see the Empire State Building , then look at he snow globe . buddy whoa ... ext . mid - town manhattan - later buddy be catch up in the rhythm of the street and begin notice the mundane detail of this new world with amazement : traffic light . steam . scaffold . wide shot ext . time square - continuous buddy attempt to greet a sea of people , but New yorker ignore the guy in the elf suit . buddy hi. ( no response ; next person ) happy afternoon ! ( no response ; next person ) salutation ! -- a woman try to hail a cab . buddy wave back . -- buddy look up at awe at the animated billboard on the lehman Building . a guy bump into he . WALKER why do not you watch you ass , buddy ! buddy nod , then stick he butt out and look at it . -- buddy run round and round a revolve door and loving every moment . -- a sign at a crappy diner " World 's best Cup of coffee ! " buddy be excited and enter . the jade bangladeshi staff stare at he blankly . buddy wow ! the world 's best cup of coffee ! you do it ! congratulation ! to all of you ! -- gum on the ground . yum ! buddy pick it up , play with it , then pop it in he mouth and chew with a smile . now he face suddenly change . -- two guy be hand out different flyer . buddy be give one . he look at it , then , in marx Brothers - like fashion , hand it to flyer guy # 2 . Flyer guy # 2 take it , then give buddy one of he own flyer . this delight buddy , who now repeat the rie -- a dog walker pick up some dog crap with newspaper . buddy see some other crap on the sidewalk , grab some newspaper and pick it up . buddy walk right behind the man and offer it to he to be helpful . reveal : Empire State Building ! buddy hold up he Empire State Building snow globe and compare the skyscraper to he toy one . buddy dad ... int . walter hobb ' office - continuous ecu : the puppy and the pigeon book be in walter 's hand . a printer face he . walter a re-print ? do you know how much that 's gonna cost ? printer two whole page be miss . the story make no sense . walter you think a kid be go to notice two page ? all they do be look at the picture . int . elevator - continuous buddy get in the elevator with a bunch of Republican - look people . he 's whistling really loud and happy , confusing they . another passenger get on . accountant can you press 67 please ? unsure of what may happen , he push 67 . the number light up . buddy hey , that 's pretty . like lightning , he press all 75 button . buddy look at that ! quick cut the elevator door open and close , floor by floor . no one be smile , except for buddy . int . walter hobb ' office - continuous walter and the printer continue . walter how the hell do this happen , anyway ? printer well , you sign off on all the final plate and ... walter you know what ? I do not need to know . let 's just get this solve . int . deb be desk - continuous Deb stare dead pan at the elf in front of she desk . buddy buddy the elf , here for a Mr. walter hobb , please . deb you look hilarious . who send you ? buddy papa elf , from the North pole . deb papa elf ? that 's rich . int . walter hobb ' office - continuous walter and the printer continue . printer you really think we should ship they ? walter ( sarcastic ) no , I want to take a thirty - thousand dollar bath , so some kid understand what happen to a friggin ' puppy and a pigeon . ( beat ) ship they ! deb ( o.s. ) ( over intercom ) Mr. hobb , it 's I on the intercom . walter go ahead . deb ( o.s. ) I think someone send you a Christmas -gram . walter a Christmas -gram ? I do not have time for a Christmas -gram . over walter 's shoulder , we see buddy step into frame behind he . sense this , walter slowly turn around . buddy dad ? look nervous and excited , he adjust he hat and vest . walter oh , um , alright . let 's get this over with . we see a small crowd of people have gather by the door to watch the suppose sing telegram . buddy I walk all day and night to find you . walter ( play along ) look like you come from the North pole . buddy that 's exactly where I come from . Santa must have call you . walter yeah , I just get off my cell with he . so ? go on . buddy go on with what ? walter be you gonna sing a song or can I get back to work ? buddy a song ? anything for you , dad . let 's see ... ( try to make up a song ) i'm here with my dad . i've never met he and he want I to sing a song . I be adopted and you didn't know I be born . but i'm here and I love you , dad !!! he hug he . walter wow . that 's weird . usually you guy just put my name into a jingle bell or something . buddy it 's I , you son ! Susan Welles have I and do not tell you , but now here I be ! it 's I , buddy ! walter Susan Welles ?! do you just say Susan Welles ? what kind of Christmas gram be this ? buddy what 's a Christmas gram ? walter ( whisper ) Deb , we may want to call security . deb ( whisper ) I already do . buddy lean in . buddy ( whisper ) I like to whisper , too . ext . STREET - five minute later two security guard have each of buddy 's arm and be frog-walking he out the front door and onto the sidewalk . buddy my dad run this whole company ! I bet he 's a genius . security guard # 2 must run in the family . ( they laugh ) I would not come back for a while if I be you . buddy yeah , it seem like he may need some ' daddy time . ' ( as he 's escort ) you guy be strong ! security guard # 1 yeah , get lose . buddy I already be lose ! they throw buddy 's jingled hat at he and walk back inside . buddy bye , Glenn . bye Chris ! buddy pick up he hat , dust it off , then look across the street and see New York 's version of elf mecca reveal ext . gimbel department store - continuous it 's huge . full of light and music , Christmas at its grandest . buddy ( face aglow ) wow ! buddy start skip across the street toward gimbel when -- bam ! buddy 's hit by a cab ! he fly off-screen . this be totally shocking . traffic stop . and now buddy come skip back into frame . buddy I be okay ! thank you ! ext . gimbel - continuous the hall be deck . this be epic . buddy walk through happy in he elf suit . a perfume clerk approach . perfume clerk Passion fruit spray ? buddy fruit spray ? for real ? buddy open he mouth and close he eye . the clerk just stare at he . buddy ( mouth open ) ready when you be ! the clerk look around , then , mildly curious , spray it i n like binacca . psst ! yuch ! buddy stumble around blind , scraping he tongue off . about to throw up . montage : buddy do gimbel escalator buddy stop at the edge of a escalator , afraid to get on , like a kid at the edge of a diving board . he 's clogging ton of holiday traffic . angry man ( annoyed ) be you go or what ? buddy um , yeah ... buddy step forward with one leg . and the escalator yank he into the split . buddy jiminy Christmas ! public bathroom buddy leave the stall , then accost a stranger . buddy have you see this toilet !? it 's gi- normous !!! ( to another guy ) look at this toilet ! store buddy grab 3,000 candy cane and start eat they with great intensity . elevator buddy face the wrong way in the elevator , face to face with a man . angry man ( about to punch he ) you think you be pretty smart , huh ? buddy I be not that smart , but thanks . lingerie section buddy see a display of sexy nighty with a sign over it : for that special someone ! buddy for that special someone ? hmmm ... a hard - ass elf manager walk over . elf manager man , what in the hell be you do fartin ' around on the first floor ? buddy look at shiny thing . elf manager shiny thing ?? get you butt back up to the ninth floor before I put my foot up you green ass . buddy okay . int . gimbel - 9th floor santa land - later we pan a lame santa land . it 's not very impressive . buddy be do a thorough inspection . buddy this snow look fake . elf manager it 's white , be not it ? buddy snow do not just pile up unless it 's move through the use of a tool , such as a shovel . I would give this some natural erosion , a slight wind drift look . elf manager what the hell be you talkin ' about ? erosion ?! do not touch the damn snow . what be you smile at ? you think I be a joke ? buddy oh , no , I be just smile . smiling be my favorite . elf manager well take it down a notch . buddy try to frown for a second , but he lip quiver and hurt and now he 's smile again , make the exact same face . elf manager alright , smiley , sweep the tin foil off this path . Santa 's go to be here tomorrow . buddy santa ?! ( eye wide ) oh ... my ... GOD !!!! ( suddenly skeptical ) wait . Santa Claus ? elf manager yeah . where have you be ? buddy the North pole . elf manager ha. ha. start elfing . ( as he leave ) and do not touch the snow . he walk off , look back , annoyed . now something grab buddy 's full attention . buddy Pov slo - mo - jovie davis . 20 , a petite beauty , dress as a elf . she glide like a vision to the Christmas tree where she hang ball from a ladder . buddy stare up at she . jovie be you enjoy the view ? buddy yes I be ! I be stand over there and I think you look pretty so I come over to tell you that you look pretty . jovie why're you messin ' with I ? do krumpet put you up to this ? buddy I be not mess with you . it 's nice to meet a human who share my affinity for the elf culture . jovie I would not call it a affinity . I be just try to get through the holiday . buddy get through ? Christmas be the great day in the whole wide world ! jovie well someone 's be drink the Kool Aid . ( buddy do not get it ) believe I , after a few year of this , you will learn to tune it all out . buddy uh-oh . it sound like someone need to sing a Christmas Carol ! jovie ( confuse ) be you serious ? buddy the best way to spread Christmas cheer be sing loud for all to hear . jovie well , thanks , but I do not sing . buddy oh , it 's easy ! it 's just like talk , only louder and longer and you move it up and down . jovie well , I can sing . I just do not sing . especially in front of other people . I could never do that . buddy never ? if you can sing by yourself , you can sing anytime , there 's no difference . jovie actually , there 's a big difference . buddy no there be not . watch . ( suddenly sing loudly ) i'm in a store and i'm singing ! people be here and I 'm in a store !! everyone look at he like he 's ... well , elf. jovie seem a little uncomfortable . buddy the store be all shiny and I 'm in a store !! ( then back to normal ) see ? jovie ( bewilder ) wow . man' voice ( o.s. ) ( over loudspeaker ) attention , gimbel will be close in ten minute . please make you final purchase . all the elve look relieved . they day be over . J ovie dismiss . buddy you be leave ? but Santa 's come . jovie ( she laugh at he ' joke ' ) yeah , I will see you tomorrow , um , what 's you name ? buddy buddy . jovie jovie . see ya . with that , jovie walk off . buddy look around as the half - baked Santa land empty out . quick series of cut the door be lock , employee exite , light flicker off . a security guard walk down a aisle behind he , buddy do a commando roll through the aisle . then pop up next to some toy . buddy start pull all sort of thing off the shelf : paint , robot , a fire truck ... he look at a logo . buddy they have elve in Taiwan ? int . hobb ' apartment - night emily have prepare a beautiful dinner . she be a attractive , upper east-side woman . walter fill a plate . they son , michael , 10 , eat without enthusiasm , detach . walter I be gonna go eat in my de , okay ? I have get a bunch of stuff to go over . emily be you sure ? walter yeah , I be way behind on a bunch of stuff . he go to kiss she on the forehead , she do not offer it . so he kiss the top of she hair ... and now leave . michael can I eat in my room ? emily no . michael why not ? dad 's eat in he de . ( smart ass ) I have a bunch of homework to go over ... I be way behind on a bunch of stuff . emily you be eat here . michael Fine . but I be not go to talk . emily yes you be . you be go to tell I how you day be . ( beat ) how be you day ? Michael stare tight - lipped . this infuriate Emily . emily ( suddenly ) how be you day ?! michael it be fine ! okay ? good . int . walter be den - later walter be look at a old year book . he study a picture of a young , beautiful ' Susan Welles . ' emily what be you look at ? walter hide the book . walter nothing . it 's for work . emily you know , it would be nice if we eat together as a family once in a while . walter I be sorry . I have gotta work . how do you think I feel ? you think I like to work ? emily actually , I do . ( beat ) I be really worried about Michael . he 's get detach and cynical . they be not suppose to do that until they be teenager . walter well he be thirteen year old . emily he 's ten . ( exasperate ) I do not know what 's go on with you , but I have just about have it . walter have it with what ? that be the wrong answer . walter Emily . wait . I be sorry . I have be under a lot of stress at work . emily if you say the word work one more time , you be sleep at the marriot . walter ( a tiny ounce of charm ) the chicken thing be delicious . emily it be not a chicken thing . it be salmon , zucchini , string bean , carrot , cherry tomato , asparagus , mushroom and olive . walter well it be good . int . gimbel - santa land - 7 am buddy be finish he decorate . we pull out wide : no Santa land have ever look more beautiful . the most expensive merchandise have be use as brick and mortar . a huge glitter sign say " welcome santa ! love , buddy !!! " now , off in the distance , we hear the faint SOUND of a angel singing . buddy perk up , training he ear , he slowly rise to he foot , as if follow a butterfly , he meander through the desert aisle , more and more hypnotize as the angelic sing get louder and louder and clearer and more beautiful . buddy push through the bathroom door , totally consume by the great voice in the world . reveal jovie be in the shower stall . sing half of the classic duet , " baby , it's cold outside " . buddy stand , hypnotize , outside the shower curtain , quietly join in and sing the accompany duet to himself . eventually he can not help himself and belt out the chorus . jovie be silent and quickly twist off the shower and open the curtain , wear only a towel . jovie ahhhhhhhh !!! buddy ahhhhhhhh !!! jovie kick buddy in the nut and escape . buddy hold he crotch , confuse and frighten . ext . gimbel - morning a busy Manhattan morning . people be go back to work . pan to behind the glass , a idyllic Christmas scene . buddy be curl up in the faux snow , asleep -- mouth open and drool , sweaty from the sun . a man squint at he through the window amaze at how life - like buddy be . buddy itches he crotch , then awaken to the stare man . buddy ah ! Holy fudge ! buddy yawn and stretch ridiculously . buddy good morning , everyone ! ( look off ) Pov walter be walk along the sidewalk with he brief case . buddy dad !!! walter think he hear something , but continue . buddy pound hard on the window , trap like a tiger . his voice echoe . muffled like Dustin hoffman in the graduate . buddy ( mute ) daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad ! walter glance over , then stop in he track . it 's buddy . he run . int . lobby - later buddy skip past the security guard with a box . caught off guard , they have to lunge to grab he . security guard # 1 hey ! buddy ( yell back ; fun ) hey !! ( beat ) hi , Glenn . hi Chris ! I just want to give my dad this present . I think he 's mad at I ... but he will not be after this . security guard # 1 you better leave that with we . security guard # 2 yeah , he 's real busy . buddy oh , okay . well , please tell he it 's from I , and that I love he so much and that he 's the great dad in the world and that I love he . okay ? security guard # 1 okay . int . gimbel - santa land - day buddy re-enter he new , transformed Santa land . his face glow with satisfaction . reveal it 's a smash hit . the visitor be ecstatic . ' look at that ! ' ' can you believe it ? ' etc . everyone love it . except the elf manager , who complain to a co-worker . elf manager who the hell take a dump in houseware ? jovie walk up to buddy . jovie hey . I want to talk to you . buddy be now terrify by she . buddy oh , uh , um , okay , uh ... ( she let he squirm ) what do you want to talk about ? jovie what the hell do you think ? buddy I know a pig who can run eleven mile a hour . jovie why be you in the woman 's locker room ? buddy ( sheephish ) I hear you sing . jovie sing ? right . I be sure it have nothing to do with I be naked . I should call the police . ( beat ) what be you do here so early in the morning ? buddy ( be : epic Santa land ) make this . jovie you make this ? buddy yes ... why be you here ? jovie they turn my water off . ( she study he ) you be stand there with you eye close . what be that , some kind of thing you do ? buddy look to the floor , and now up and into she eye . buddy you have the most beautiful voice in the whole world . jovie look at he , he innocence be contagious . jovie ( sincere , compassionate ) you really be just listen to I , be not you ? buddy I be sorry . the elf manager walk over . manager this be Santa land , not stand - around - and -wear-pointy - ass -shoe land . get busy . Santa 's here . buddy santa ?! Santa be here ?! buddy see the back of Santa enter a close off gazebo . Children be already crowded around . buddy ( happier than ever ) santa ! buddy rush towards Santa through the crowd , he eye wide , almost breathless with excitement . quickly he brushes off he uniform and straighten he cap . buddy Santa , it 's I ! buddy ! buddy slide the curtain open to reveal : a man dress as Santa . the kid cheer . buddy 's smile drop . buddy who the heck be you ? gimbel santa why , I be Santa Claus . buddy be not ! gimbel santa well , of course I be . Ho Ho Ho ! buddy ( furious ) if you be Santa , then tell I . what song do I sing for you birthday this year ? gimbel santa why you sing , uh , happy birthday ? buddy ( to the kid ) he 's right . ' Santa ' strut past buddy and take he chair . gimbel santa ( under he breath ) why do not you cool it , zippy . ( to the kid ) Ho Ho Ho ! the voice be wrong , the smell be wrong . buddy you be lie ! I know it ! buddy attack . he grab Santa 's bear and it come right off . buddy look at the beard in shock , like a horror movie . buddy ( at the beard , horrify ) aahhhh !!! imposter ! he 's a imposter !!! his beard be fake ! come on , kid , get he ! the kid all pile on , wrestle Santa , loving it . now the manager dive in and try to help . some parent and other elve try to contain the disaster in panic . jovie giggle . she be confuse but intrigue by this mysterious stranger . int . walter' office - greenway PRESS - day walter sit behind he desk stare at the note that accompany the package from buddy . the package sit on the desk , still wrap in a gimbel box . the note say " dad , this be for you because you be my special someone . " walter unwrap the gift , then hold up a red slinky nightie with fur where the nipple would be . Deb enter and he scramble to hide the nightie . deb hey the -- what 's that ? walter what 's what ? ( beat ) intercom ! deb right . she leave . walter look deeper into the box and see a card . it 's the old photo of a young walter next to he smile girlfriend - on the other side be a crayon draw of buddy . deb ( o.s. ) ( from intercom ) walter , the police be on line one . walter the police ? ( grab phone ) hello ? my son ? Michael ? be he okay ? ( listen ) a elf ? he 's not my -- you know what ? keep he there . I will be right down . Deb peek in . deb what 's go on ? walter nothing . I need to go . ( lie ) I need to swing by my apartment real quick ... they be deliver a chair . deb ( smart ass ) a police chair ? walter it 's a regular chair . okay ?! cancel my appointment . int . jail - day a scary jail cell . buddy look around from he cot . everything be cold and hard and ugly and mean . and now he start to cry . he stick he face into the pillow and cry hard . reveal another convict share the cell with he . he stare at buddy with disgust . but now , slowly , it 's contagious . the convict can't help it and he start to cry too . buddy hear the cell door clang open . reveal walter stand at the open jail cell door . buddy dad !!! buddy wipe he tear and rub he face . try to look like a good son . the convict wipe he tear away too , sit up straight . but now start cry again . ext . police precinct - day walter march out of the front door , buddy follow closely behind , almost like a puppy dog try to keep up . walter be about to burst but hold back , until they be clear of the station . buddy I be so happy ! I know you would come ! I love that you come and I love you dad ! know how much I love you ? ( spread he arm wide ) this much . except my arm would have to be way longer , like pterodactyl wing -- walter alright , pal . who the heck be you and what 's you problem ? buddy I be buddy . you son . walter I already have a son ! buddy then who be I ? walter where do you get this picture ?! he hold up the picture he include in the gift . buddy papa elf give it to I . walter shake buddy violently by the lapel . buddy 's scared . walter be this some kind of game ? what do you want , money ?! buddy I just want to meet you ... and I think that , maybe , you might want to meet I ... walter sense a element of truth in here somewhere . walter ( serious ) you really believe this , do not you ? buddy I think we could make ginger bread house and eat cookie dough and go ice skate and hold hand . I be sorry if I make you mad . walter ( conflict ) come with I . they silhouettes walk together away from camera . buddy reach out to hold hand , but walter 's hand stay in he trench coat ... buddy be still hold he hand out . walter suddenly smack buddy hand down . int . pediatrician office - a hour later buddy sit on the examine table as walter watch . prop note : Del Close 's skull sit on a shelf in the b.g. buddy reach into a jar of cotton ball and start eat they quickly one at a time . like cotton candy nugget . walter do not eat that . buddy go to eat one more , walter try to grab he arm but buddy fake he out and eat it anyway . buddy be I sick ? walter yes . ( beat ) but that 's not why we be here . we be here to test whether you be my son or not . buddy why be I sit on paper ? buddy pull the roll and paper spill out everywhere . the doctor and walter try to stop he , but get tangle up . doctor so it 's clean for each patient that come in . try to sit still . I be go to perform something call a ' finger prick . ' buddy ( happy ) finger prick ! ( to the Doctor ) can I wear you head lamp ? doctor no. buddy why ? doctor just sit still . buddy why be there a skeleton on the wall ? doctor I do not know but there just be . buddy what 's he name ? walter he do not have a name ! buddy if I squint , he look like a pirate flag . arrgh ! doctor walter , I can not do this if he 's go to keep move around . walter I be sorry ben. buddy ! please ! buddy ( whisper ) he get mad at I . walter buddy the sooner you sit still , the sooner we can clear up this horrible mess . buddy after this , can we eat sugar plum together ? walter sure ! we will eat sugar plum , and make ginger bread house , and paint egg ! buddy that 's Easter not - the Doctor give buddy 's finger a tiny prick . buddy ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!! buddy shove the doctor over and stumble around hold he finger and cry . buddy Boot strap ! snow flicker ! Son of a cobbler ! int . waiting room - later buddy hold he finger with a cotton ball for a moment . then suddenly eat it . now he tap he finger and flip it around like it 's dead , then turn to a little girl , 7 , who be play with she doll as she mother fill out paperwork with the nurse . buddy my finger have a heartbeat . girl it will not hurt so much after a little . what 's you name ? buddy buddy . girl I be carolyn . buddy and what do you want for Christmas ? carolyn a suzie-talks-a-lot . buddy I will put in a good word with the big man . carolyn thanks . you costume be pretty . buddy oh , it 's not a costume . I be a elf . well , I be a human , technically . but I be raise by elve . girl ( totally unfaze ) oh . I be a human ... raise by human . buddy cool . int . doctor' office - continuous walter be wait for the result . walter well ? doctor well ... ( beat ) it 's a boy . the blood drain out of walter 's face . walter it 's impossible . ( feel faint ) be the test ever wrong ? doctor no. walter my God . what be I suppose to do ? you see the guy , he 's certifiably insane ! doctor walter , I have read about some thing that suggest buddy 's behavior be not necessarily that unusual . walter the man skip . doctor it 's rare , but there have be document case of people like you son . walter his name 's buddy . doctor well , buddy 's be deny a proper childhoood with you . it 's possible he may feel he be never fully nurture , cause a alternative personality to develop . walter a elf . doctor yes . ( beat ) I think he 's try to return to a position of child - like dependency . walter so , let 's get he some pill or whatever . I will pay for they , it 's not a problem . doctor I think what he really need be you . this be a extreme case . a rejection now could be especially traumatic . walter so , what do you want I to do , breast feed he ? doctor what if you let he visit you ? meet the family , that sort of thing . it may help he feel like he 's a part of you life . ( off walter 's look ) he 's you son walter , it 's not like he 's go to just go away . ext . emily's office - night Emily be leave work , lock up the door . she turn to find walter stand there at the bottom of the step , hand in he pocket , smile . emily what be you do here ? walter I be in the neighborhood . I think I would walk you home . emily you think you would walk I home ? they begin to walk together . walter what , be that so weird ? emily I have work here for four year . you have never walk I anywhere . walter well it 's a nice night . emily what 's wrong ? walter why do something have to be wrong ? I just say , it 's a nice night , I mean really ! emily okay , okay , I be sorry . ( take he arm ) thanks , this be really nice . on walter as he walk . walter okay , something 's a little wrong . int . hobb's residence - later they be arrive home . emily oh , God ... that 's well , it 's ... it 's wonderful walter . you have a son . walter wonderful . that 's one way to put it . emily oh c'mon . this be incredible . it may be a little complicated , but it 's nothing we can not handle . walter he think he 's a elf . emily I be sorry , what ? walter he think he 's a Christmas elf . emily oh , I be sure he do not really think ... walter swing open the door to the apartment to reveal : int . apartment - continuous buddy have be busy . the place be a recycle winter wonderland . Yards of old garland have be meticulously strung throughout the apartment . elaborate construction paper Christmas mural cover the wall . his sense of decorate be impeccable . Emily be floor . meanwhile ... in the kitchen , buddy scoops glob of frosting into he mouth at a furious pace . walter buddy ? buddy look up , drool . walter this be Emily . emily ( muffle , mouth full ) emuree ! swallow frosting hard . he jump up and give she a big hug . buddy walter have not tell I anything about you !!! meanwhile , Michael , they son , have arrive . michael why be mom hugging Robin Hood ? int . dine room - a hour later walter , Emily , Michael and buddy be seat around the dining room table eat spaghetti . buddy ... then I travel through the seven level of the candy cane forest , past the castle of the abominable snowman and past the sea of swirly , twirly gumdrop . and then I walk through the lincoln tunnel . can you pass the Coke pretty please ? Michael hand over a two-liter . instead of pour it in he glass , buddy chug the entire thing . the family watch , amaze . emily so , where exactly have you be for the last thirty year ? walter the North pole . he 's a " elf " . that 's where elve live . buddy he 's right . can you pass the maple syrup , pretty please . emily I be sorry . I do not set out any syrup . it 's spaghetti . buddy that 's okay , I think I have some ... buddy pull some syrup out of he breast pocket and pour it over he spaghetti . walter and Michael share a disgust look , the first time they have be in agreement on anything in a while . emily you like sugar , huh ? buddy be there sugar in syrup ? emily yes . buddy then yes ! we elve try to stick to the four basic food group : candy , candy cane , candy corn and syrup . emily so , will you be stay with we , then ? walter Emily . buddy you mean I can stay ? walter Emily ! emily oh , do not be silly . of course you can . how long do you think you will be with we ? buddy well , I have not really plan it out , but I be think , like , forever ? walter emily !? emily what ?! walter May I speak with you in the kitchen for a moment ? emily um , sure . Excuse I , buddy . Left alone , buddy stare at Michael . Michael ignore he . turn he whole chair away . buddy look around for a moment . and now suddenly burp so loud and long , it 's insane . buddy wow , do you hear that ? yes , Michael do ... int . kitchen - continuous walter argue with Emily in hushed tone . walter be you crazy ? he can not stay here . emily clearly he have some serious issue . we can not just kick he out in the snow . walter why not ? he love the snow ! he tell I fifteen time ! emily seriously walter ! he 's alone in New York . what 's he suppose to do ? walter that 's he problem . emily he 's you son . that mean it 's we problem . int . dine room - continuous buddy and Michael sit in silence . buddy be not sure what to say . buddy I love you . michael eat I . buddy eat you ? okay ! ( play , like the jungle ) I be a lion ! roar ! chomp ! int . live room - later buddy be on the live room couch . walter be tucking he in , try to leave . buddy goodnight , dad . walter goodnight . buddy tuck I in ? walter what ?! buddy I can not fall asleep if I be not tuck in . walter I be not tucking you in ! buddy I promise I will go right to sleep . walter ( reluctantly ) Fine ... buddy tickle fight !!! walter fight he off , piss . walter no. buddy . stop ! buddy sorry . walter just lay down and go to sleep , okay ? buddy do you want to hear a story ? walter no . when this light go off , you be not get up . understand ? buddy understand . ( walter flick off light ) dad ? ( flick light on ) walter what ? buddy I love you . walter go to sleep . buddy do you love I ? walter yeah sure . now go to sleep . buddy how much do you love I . like on a scale from one to ten ? walter well , I have not know you for very long , but I would say my feeling be ... significant . buddy ( to himself ; satisfied ) significant walter good night . the light go out for the last time . walter close the door and buddy be alone in the dark . buddy ( in the dark ) dad . ( long beat ) dad ? ( long beat ) dad ? ( long beat ) dad ?! ( longer beat ) dad !!!! the door suddenly swing open and light shoot into the room . walter what !!! buddy hi. walter slam the door . it 's dark again . buddy dad ? int . hobb ' kitchen - morning buddy have prepare a huge batch of spaghetti . the table be set up like a derange thanksgive feast . buddy , the host , hurry around the kitchen as Emily eat . emily this sure be something , I be usually the one make breakfast . buddy want some more spaghetti ? emily um , sure , why not . buddy dump more spaghetti on she plate . then sprinkle it with candy snow cap . emily so how would you sleep last night ? buddy great . I get a full forty minute and still have time to build a rock horse . we see a paint and trim rock horse in the corner . emily my gosh , you build that ? where do you get the wood ? walter ( o.s. ) why be the tv on the ground ? reveal : the entertainment CENTER have be completely dismantle to provide wood for the rock horse . sawdust and paint litter the live room . walter walk into the kitchen , flabbergasted . emily good morning , honey . ( she kiss she husband ) buddy make we breakfast , be not that nice ? walter look at the ... spaghetti . so many thing to say , but no place to begin . emily he pack we lunch too . reveal : three bag of spaghetti have each person 's name write in calligraphy . emily well , I gotta run . thanks for breakfast , buddy . ( grab she bag ) and the lunch ! she kiss he on the cheek and leave . buddy bye Emily ! buddy take a huge spoon and lift three pound of spaghetti into frame . buddy ( to walter ) so , how many scoops ? walter I be go to stick with coffee for now . now michael enter . he do not care to notice the weird food . michael ( to walter , awkward ) I need my allowance . walter ( awkward ) do you do the recycle ? michael yeah , I do , okay ? walter peel off a twenty and Michael immediately shove it into he pocket . buddy how come you guy do not hug ? we always hug in the morning . walter ( lie ) we hugge earlier . michael ( partner in crime ) yeah , we hugge already . bye . buddy bye ! walter and buddy be now alone . walter listen , buddy , I want to talk to you . buddy good , I want to talk to you too . I have plan we whole day ... he 's make a list on the etch-a-sketch . buddy first we make snow angel for two hour , then we go ice-skate and then we eat a log of toll house cookie dough as fast as we can and then , to wrap up the day , we snuggle . walter buddy , I have to go to work . ( beat ) and another thing , if you be go to be stay here , you should think about get rid of the costume . we have get neighbor and people around here , you know ? buddy ( look at himself ) I have wear this my whole life . walter yeah , well , you be not in the North pole anymore . buddy be unsure . walter you say you want to make I happy , do not you ? buddy more than anything . walter then lose the tight ... as soon as possible . buddy as soon as possible ? walter as soon as possible . buddy ( sighing ) yes , papa . walter turn and face camera , pour coffee . behind he , buddy take he GREEN tights off and stand there naked from the waist down . ( the audience be spare the detail ) . from the rear , Emily re-enter the kitchen and see buddy from behind . emily I almost forg --- ahhhhh !!!!!! walter spill he coffee and turn to see buddy from the front . walter ahhhhhhh !!!! buddy ( as if it 's a game ) ahhhhh !!!! ext . manhattan - later walk to work , walter answer he cell phone . walter ( answer he cell ) walter hobb . buddy ( o.s. ) ( from phone ) it work ! it 's you ! we intercut buddy at home , he 's shocked by the technology . walter how would you get this number ? buddy Emily leave a emergency list . walter be there a emergency ? buddy there 's a horrible sound come from the evil box by the window ! it sound like this : eriekkkcth ! walter 's ear be trash before he can pull the phone away . walter it 's not evil . it 's the radiator . the heat make noise when it come on . buddy no it 's not . wait yes it be , you be right . everything 's fine ! walter I be hang up now . buddy okay , I love you , I will call you in five minute , I love you ! walter you do not need to call I , buddy , okay ? buddy good idea . you call I . walter okay , I be hang up . buddy I have a present for you when you get home ! walter I be hang up . buddy I love you ! ext . upper west side private school - later dozen of kid stream out of school . Michael be in the middle of the crowd when he hear he name from across the street . buddy ( o.s. ) michael ! michael ! he look over and see buddy cut through traffic . michael ( turn away in embarrassment ) oh man . buddy it 's I , you brother ! hey , Michael ! kid start to notice and begin laugh , Michael can not bare it . Michael walk away , ignore buddy . buddy Michael ! wait up ! ext . central park - later Michael be walk through the park , buddy trail twelve foot behind , sort of hide behind tree . but not really . Michael finally turn and confront he . michael leave ! buddy how about I leave , then you count to ten and come find I ? michael this be not a game , spaz . leave now . for real . buddy you really want I to leave michael yes . buddy ( sad ) oh . okay . I will uh , leave , then . I be sorry . just then , a snowball whack michael in the shoulder . edge of the ravine a big bunch of jackass wanna - be teenager look down at they and laugh . michael oh , no . this guy be bad news . we better get out of here . thump ! Michael get hit in the head . buddy ow ! peanut brittle ! son of a nutcracker ! now a barrage of snowballs rain down upon they and they dive behind a fall tree trunk as snow missile rip into the barricade . buddy dive ! michael ( genuinely worried ) there be too many of they ! buddy we can do this ! make as many snowballs as you can ! Michael quickly sculpt two snowballs . we pan back to see buddy have already round out a pile of thirty . buddy ready ? michael yeah . wide shot we can not see buddy , but we can see the snowballs shoot out of he bunker like a machine gun . a nolan Ryan fastball ever 1.5 second . a series of target explode with precision as this blur of snowballs hit gut , butt , nut and face . a kid raise a snowball and it immediately explode out of he hand . this be the one thing buddy 's actually better at than hockey . Michael stand to launch one . expose himself . buddy noooo ! Michael be freeze with shock as a huge kid wind up and release a snowball right at he . buddy fire a snowball that hit the income snowball explode both of they in mid-air like a patriot missile . they both sit panting . buddy he 's bunker in ! I be go to flank around from the East . if I do not make it , tell my dad I love he . buddy jump and charge - and now Michael follow . buddy descend upon the guy , launching a flurry of snow . the guy finally raise he arm and step up slowly in surrender . buddy look at the guy with he arm up , then wind up and explode a snowball off he chest at close range . snowball guy ow ! ( hold he chest ) hey , I surrender ! buddy ( to Michael ) what do surrender mean ? int . walter' office - later walter do some paperwork , then hit the intercom . walter can you bring I in a bottle of water please ? deb ( o.s. ) ( from the intercom ) fulton greenway be on he way in . fulton greenway ? walter immediately lose blood in he face . walter fulton greenway ? why do not you tell I ? deb ( o.s. ) he just show up . what size water ? walter when 's he come in ? deb ( o.s. ) now . walter what do you mean now ? walter button he suit and check he reflection for nose hair . deb ( o.s. ) I mean now . what size ? fulton greenway ( o.s. ) hobb ! fulton greenway , the cut - throat look owner of the company enter the office . this guy own greenway Press , among other thing . walter fulton ! what a great surprise ! fulton greenway I have not see you since the retreat . you be look good . walter thanks , you too . so , to what do I owe the pleasure ? fulton greenway well , to be honest , I get a call from my niece . walter you niece . I do not think I have meet she . fulton greenway she 's six . fulton toss ' the puppy and the pigeon ( the flaw book from earlier ) onto walter 's desk . uh oh . fulton greenway she want to know how a certain puppy and a certain pigeon escape the clutches of a certain evil witch . walter believe I , we have already start look at new printer . this one 's obviously get sloppy . greenway hold up the proofs , sign by walter . fulton greenway maybe it be not the printer who 's get sloppy . walter ( force a laugh ) what a disaster , huh ? twenty - five year in publishing , never see anything like it . well , I guess you can not bat a thousand , right ? fulton greenway nod skeptically . walter adjust in he seat . fulton greenway I get news for you , even if that two page be in there , that book still would have suck . I read it . I will tell you , I wish all the page be miss . ( walter 's die ) have you see the number from this quarter ? walter they should be come in today . fulton greenway ( hold up the number ) they're in ! walter that good , huh ? fulton greenway the pigeon and the friggin ' puppy be tanking hard , hobb . my people estimate we will be posting a minus eight for this quarter . a minus eight can not happen . walter well , we will bounce back . we always do . fulton greenway we be not go to ' bounce back . ' we be go to get a new book before the end of the quarter . walter before the end of this quarter ? fulton greenway I will be back in town on the twenty fourth . at that time , I would love to hear , in great detail , exactly what you plan be for this new book . walter but that 's Christmas Eve . fulton greenway and ? walter hey , no problem . it will be fun to have you in the loop . int . gimbel - later that day buddy and Michael be goof around inside gimbel . buddy peg he with a dodge ball . Michael laugh and peg he back . michael ( look at toy bug ) hey , look at this , it 's a big mosquito ! buddy what 's a mosquito ? michael they land on you arm , then stick they needle face down through you skin , suck you blood out and then fly away . buddy that 's a scary toy . michael it 's not just a toy . they be real . they be everywhere in the summer . buddy ( horrify ) oh my GOD . ext . gimbel - continuous they leave the toy section and walk toward the santa land that buddy build . we see the sign have be awkwardly change to ' welcome , Santa . Love gimbel . ' buddy I wish dad be here . michael why ? buddy he 's the great dad in the world . michael be you kid ? he 's the worst dad in the world . buddy what do you mean ? michael all he do be work . buddy work be fun . michael not the way he do it . all he care about be the money . he do not care about I , he do not care about you , he do not care about anybody . buddy well , he be on the naughty list . and now we spot jovie from a distance . she look adorable before , but this time we be serious . michael you like she ? buddy like who ? michael the girl you be stare at . buddy um , yes . michael why do not you ask she out ? buddy out to where ? meanwhile jovie have spot buddy . she give he a shy wave . and now she 's walking over to they . buddy ( flipping out ) we should leave . I need to leave . michael do not leave ! ask she out ! buddy out ? michael on a date , you know , to eat food . buddy ( jovie 's almost there ) food . michael ( whisper ) if she say yes , you be in . it 's like a secret code girl have . jovie well look who it be . buddy hi jovie . this be -- Michael have ditch out . buddy be on he own . buddy ... that 's my brother , Michael , over there . jovie I be wonder if I would ever see you again . so , do gimbel give you you job back ? buddy no , but it work out pretty good . they give I a restrain order . jovie you really should get out of here . buddy but I really want to see you . you be beautiful and I feel warm when I be around you . you make my tongue swell up . jovie be embarrassed . jovie you be the weirdest guy I have ever meet in my life . buddy weird , like , good ? jovie ( smile ) I have not decide . buddy so , do you want to eat food ? jovie do I want to eat food ? buddy you know ... ( winking ) the code ... jovie ( let that slide ) I just take my lunch break . buddy ( defeat ) oh , right . I follow . jovie ( then ) but I be free Thursday night . a wry smile slowly break across buddy 's face . and then he suddenly explode . buddy ( celebrate ; ridiculous ) yyeeesssssssss ! int . hobb live room - night walter enter and see buddy and Michael as they hoist a enormous fourteen foot tall christmas tree into the corner . it scrape the ceiling as they wedge it in place . walter what the hell be that ? michael a Christmas tree ! walter a Christmas tree ? michael buddy chop it down in the park ! buddy smile at walter , walter do not smile back . int . walter and emily's bedroom - moment later Michael and Emily be have a heat discussion . emily I do not know what you be so work up about . they be just have a little fun . walter fun ? felony be fun now ? I think felony be felony ? emily okay , the tree thing be bad . we will have to plant another one . but at least Michael 's happy for once . ( beat ) it 's amazing what a little attention will do . walter what 's that suppose to mean ? emily well , you have not exactly be there for he lately . he 's a kid walter , he 's not go to raise himself . walter oh ! so let 's allow a derange elf-man to raise he . great idea ! maybe we should pull Michael out of school so they can commit felony full time ! emily I think you be jealous . walter jealous ? of buddy ? the man be wear tight . int . live room - meanwhile buddy use a drill to secure the trunk to the floor . zzzzrrrrrr . he then stand at a distance . like a high jumper , hold a star for the top of the tree in hand . Pov he eye a mini-trampoline . then the top of the tree . and now look at the star in he hand . this have bad news write all over it . michael be you sure about this ? maybe we can get a ladder . buddy a ladder ? what 's fun about a ladder ? ( concentrate ) ready ? ( take off ) watch !!!! buddy run , hit the trampoline , launch himself way off target , shoot a sharp angle into the nearest wall . bam ! he fall behind the couch and out of sight . buddy ( o.s. ) I be okay . ( then ) I find a quarter ! int . bedroom - continuous walter what be that noise ? emily sounded like buddy slamm into the wall and fall behind the couch . walter that guy 's a liability . there 's no way we be leave he alone here tomorrow . he will trash the place . maybe you should take tomorrow off and , you know , watch he . emily I can not just take off work . I be go upstate tomorrow for budget meeting . walter well I can not stay home . I be one bad pitch away from get fire . emily why do not you take he to work with you ? walter take he to work with I ? emily yeah , I bet he would like it . walter absolutely never . smash CUT to : int . walter' office - the next day the elevator door ding open to reveal walter & buddy . buddy sport a new suit . he look ever bit the professional as he enter with he father . co-worker hey , walter . walter hey , Jack . buddy hello , Jack ! another co-worker , # 2 , nod hello . walter hey , Sarah . buddy hi , Sarah . I love that purple dress . it 's purplie . CO - worker # 3 how 's it go , walter ? walter hello , Francisco . buddy hey , Francisco ! that 's fun to say ! Francisco ! walter ( whisper ) could you at least lose that damn hat ? buddy I like the hat . ( off walter 's look ) I could try , but I really like it . int . hobb ' office - continuous walter sit down at he scattered desk . Deb follow he in with he morning cup of coffee . walter thanks , deb. buddy good morning , Deb ! you have a very pretty face ! you should be on a Christmas card ! deb uh , thanks . she leave . walter watch as buddy grab ten different book and immediately decide they be boring . buddy ( to himself ) fran-cis-co . walter we be cut down on you sugar intake . buddy why be you name on the door ? walter I buy that door . my name 's there so no one else steal it . buddy be that a joke , dad ? walter yes . buddy this be you office , be not it ? walter well how about that ? he 's understanding sarcasm . buddy so what be we go to build ? walter this really be not that kind of work . the phone ring , buddy beat walter to it . buddy ( super - fast into phone ) buddy the elf ! what 's you favorite color ? walter hang up the phone . walter please do not touch anything ! ( beat ) listen , buddy , have you ever see a mail room before ? buddy ( excited ) a mail room ? no . walter mail from all over the world get sort all in one place ! and some of the bin be shiny . buddy ( dream ) shiny ... int . mailroom - moment later yelling voice , loud machinery and blaring hip - hop fill the place . young , urban worker in criminal apparel wrap and unwrap massive parcel . the elevator ding open to reveal buddy , alone , frighten . the floor manager , chuck , spot buddy . floor manager you buddy ? ( buddy nod ) well come on out of the elevator then . buddy okay . floor manager lead buddy over to the main work area . floor manager welcome to the pit . trey , a enormous , bald African - american man and craig , a bald , wiry kid with a neck tattoo , stop they sorting and look up at buddy with threaten glare . floor manager ... over here be the trench . all the mail come out of the shooter . you scan and find the floor each piece be move to . put she in the canister and shove she up the tube with the same number , get it ? buddy yeah ! I like tube and cannister and number . this place remind I of Santa 's workshop . except here it smell like mushroom and everyone want to hurt I . int . converence room - day it 's a writer 's meeting . the three writer : eugene , huskey and morris sit around a table with walter . walter so , we have get greenway come in tomorrow . where be we at ? eugene well , huskey and I be brain storming and we come up with what I think be a pretty big idea . huskey you be go to love this . morris I hear it already and I think it 's fantastic . walter ( pleasantly surprised ) okay , great . let 's hear it . huskey picture this ... ( long dramatic pause ) we bring in mile finch . walter the mile finch ? eugene ( excited ) the Golden ghost . huskey we bring he in . morris he 's write more classic than Dr. seuss . it may not be easy , but we think it 's worth a shot . walter so , lemme get this straight . you guy be pitching I the idea of another writer ? eugene yeah . huskey mile finch . walter look like he 's about to get angry ... but then : walter I like it . int . greenway PRESS - mail room - continuous this be buddy at he best . he stuff and launch mail into tube with incredible speed and efficiency . no one 's ever see anything like it . almost without notice , buddy begin sing to himself . buddy ( sing ) on the first day of Christmas , my true love give to I ... he feel Trey 's stare and catch himself . he turn to find a stone cold killer glare . trey ( beat ) a partridge in a pear tree . int . conference room - day walter and the writer be huddle around a speaker phone . eugene my favorite book of yours have to be gus' pickle . it be existential , yet so accessible . huskey it 's a thrill just to be talk to you on we speaker phone . walter so what do you think ? can you fly in tomorrow morning ? a beat , and then mile finch 's voice come over the speaker phone , mysterious and brilliant . mile finch ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) I will give you five hour tomorrow , not a minute more . walter ( relieved ) great . mile finch ( o.s. ) I would like a black S - 500 to receive I at the airport . I need the interior of that car to be 71 degree . walter we can do that . deb ( o.s. ) ( over intercom ; beep ! ) walter ! there 's a situation downstairs . mile finch ( o.s. ) I be sorry , what ? hello ? walter ( in panic ) Deb , hang up ! mile stay on ! mile finch I do not hold ! do not put I on hold ! deb ( o.s. ) we have a problem in the mail room . huskey what 's go on ? walter ( point to huskey ) do not talk ! ( into phone ) Deb , please hang up ! mile finch ( o.s. ) that 's it , I be go ! walter mile ! wait ! Dramatic pause . be he go ? mile finch ( o.s. ) I will be there tomorrow . ( phew ! ) 71 degree ... he click off . deb ( o.s. ) Sir , Chuck in the mail room . walter okay , okay ! I be go to the stupid mail room ! int . mailroom - moment later buddy 's sing have spread like wild fire . the whole mailroom be now sing a beautiful rendition of the twelve day of christmas . everyone be circle around , cheer and sing . trey eleven-pipers-pip ... craig ten-lords -a-leap ... lazy-eyed creep nine-ladies -dance ... gang banger eight-maid -milk ... trey six-geese-a-laying ... everybody five golden ring !!! reveal walter be watch this display . the worker begin to notice walter stand . one by one , they stop , until buddy be leave to continue alone . buddy ( as he squat - thrust ) on the twelfth day of Christmas , my true love ... give ...to ... buddy notice he dad and smile . walter do not . ext . jovie' apartment - night buddy walk up to the buzzer panel until he find the name jovie Davis . he press the buzzer brrr !!!! it scare the hell out of he . he jump back and be then frighten to death as he be confront by the sight of a display window full of chinese roast duck . still sport head . jovie step out . buddy ( take she in ) you look miraculous . jovie miraculous ? thanks . ( they start walk ) so what do you feel like do ? buddy I have a few idea . jovie well , I be up for anything . buddy really ? jovie sure . int . coffee shop - night jovie sit blind - fold at the counter as buddy set up a cup of coffee before she . buddy do not look . just reach out and take a sip . jovie ( smile ) what be you do ? she take a sip . buddy well ? jovie it taste like a crappy cup of coffee . buddy ha ha . he remove the blindfold . jovie it be a crappy cup of coffee . ext . mid - town manhattan - later buddy be run around and around a revolve door . love every moment . jovie watch , confuse . smirk slightly as other wait and grow annoyed with he . ext . manhattan - night buddy pull she by the arm . buddy check out the size of this ... he show she a pine tree decorate for Christmas . buddy can you believe it ? jovie ( nonpluss ) come with I . ext . rockefeller CENTER - later jovie lead he around the corner . reveal : rockefeller CENTER . buddy see the giant christmas tree for the first time . buddy wow , that look wondrous . they share they first genuine smile . ext . ice rink - later buddy and jovie be skate , have fun . jovie accidentally slide , bumping buddy . buddy bump she back . she bump he back harder . it escalate until she check he off of he foot . they fall to the ice together , jovie on top , nose to nose . they look into each other 's eye and buddy abruptly plant a kiss on jovie 's cheek . buddy sorry . jovie you miss . buddy I miss ? jovie yeah . with that , she lean in and kiss he full on the mouth . buddy 's hear fill he whole chest . dissolve to : int . conference room - next day walter and the writer sit in silence , wait . walter check he watch . still wait . huskey I sure hope that car 's seventy one degree . ext . manhattan - continuous the door swing open with a purpose : reveal buddy . the morning after . step into the door frame like elvis . a change man . we follow he down the street . buddy 's not skip , he 's skipping . int . conference room - continuous walter and the writer 's continue to wait . nervous hand wring . int . hallway - continuous we see only the shoe of the infamous mile finch march through the company , echoing throughout the hall . we see some of the worker ' reaction . this be epic . int . conference room - continuous more nervous wait . eugene I should have bring my camera . more silence ... and then : mile finch ( o.s. ) alright . let 's do this . reveal mile finch be four feet tall . he may be very small , but in this business , he be a monster . walter mile ! thanks so much for come . we be all big fan . I be walter . we speak on the phone . mile finch yeah , yeah . great . let 's get the uh -- ( i.e. Cash ) taken care of so we can get start . walter pull out a small manila envelope stack with cash and slide it across the table . the three other writer watch it slide across , move they head like a tennis match , until mile stop it with he hand . mile check the money and tuck it into he vest pocket . mile finch okay , cool . ( right to the point ) so what have you guy get so far ? walter ( to huskey ) go ahead . huskey ( nervous ) okay , well , we be think something like this : we open on a young tomato . he 's be through some tough time on the farm . mile finch no tomato . too vulnerable . kid be already vulnerable . walter that 's what we be kind of think . mile finch and no farm , everyone 's push small - town rural . any farm book will just be white noise . walter okay . well , we do not have much time . do you have any idea ? mile finch I have get five or six strong start . I be sure we can put something very solid together . no problem . ( walter be very happy ) there 's one idea I be especially psyched about . it 's one of that idea where you be just like yes ! walter what be it ?! mile finch I will start with the cover , okay ? picture this : a -- buddy ( o.s. ) dad ! walter be still fixate on mile , wait for he golden ticket . finally he snap out of it and look at buddy . buddy I be in love ! I be in love ! and I do not care who know it ! walter not now , buddy . why do not you go ...uh , back to the pit ? I will come visit you later , okay ? buddy go to leave , but before he do , he notice a four foot tall mile finch . buddy ( look at little mile ) you do not tell I you have elvise work here ! mile finch ( icy stare ) Boy you be hilarious , my friend . walter so what be you say , mile ? let 's get back to the book . mile finch ( back on track ) okay , at the top of the cover be the title , et this , ready ? a -- buddy Boy , the candy cane here in New York just do not measure up to elf standard , do they ? mile finch ( another icy stare ) gee whiz , we be all laugh we butt off . walter buddy ! please . just go in the basement ! buddy do you guy have a elf hockey league here ? I be just curious . mile finch hey , jack weed . I may be " little , " but I get more action in a week than you have have you whole life . I have get house in LA , Hawaii , vail and Paris , with a seventy inch plasma screen in each one of they . so I suggest you wipe that friggin ' smile off you face before I bite it off . ( lean in ) you feelin ' strong , friend ? call I elf one more time . buddy ( to he dad ) Boy , he 's a angry elf . mile suddenly attack ! buddy try to avoid he , but mile be surprisingly strong , flipping buddy over the table . now out of nowhere , buddy wind up like popeye and deck he across the face . buddy look at he own fist in horror . buddy ( look at he fist ) what have I do ? this give mile permission to deliver five quick hockey punch to the face . buddy be down for the count . mile stand , victorious and grab he coat . mile finch all of you can kiss my vertically challenge ass . mile take the envelope of money out of he jacket and pretend to toss it on the table , pump fake . then return it to he vest pocket and walk out . walter mile ! wait ! buddy ( to himself ) a South pole elf . buddy rub he chin and stand to face he father . buddy you be really red . walter dammit buddy ! this time you really did it ! get the hell out of here !! buddy ( scared ) where do you want I to go ? walter go anywhere ! I do not care if you be crazy . I do not care if you be a elf !! I do not care if you be my son !!! just stay out of my life !!! this one sting hard . buddy run off , upset like never before . ext . manhattan - later quick cut buddy walk through the city , devastate . int . walter' office - later walter be stress , rub he face , pull he hair out , on the phone . he 's lose he career , and now he know he 's hurt buddy . walter ( into phone ) I can not really talk right now . int . emily's office - continuous intercut with Emily . em you be gonna be home for dinner , be not you ? I mean it be Christmas Eve . walter it look like it 's gonna be a late one . em oh . do you wanna send buddy home early ? walter ( riddled with guilt ) oh , um , we will talk about it later . I gotta go , okay ? suddenly the three writer rush in . walter hang up . huskey walter ! huge news . the clean man just find this ! walter what be it ? huskey hand over a black journal and walter flip through it . huskey mile finch 's notebook ! he leave it in the conference room . there 's three great pitch in the first page alone ! morris plus we have get he doodle - squiggle all over the back cover ! we be not sure what they mean , but they be probably gold ! huskey I say we of with the first pitch in there ! it 's a slam dunk ! eugene I agree , a home run . morris monster . walter how much time do we have ? huskey forty-five . walter let 's get some story board ready . int . hobb ' apartment - night buddy step out of the closet ... reveal he 's wear he elf suit again . never before have a elf look so sad . buddy sit at the table and unfurl some long paper . he dip a quill pen in to some ink and write in perfect calligraphy . we hear buddy voice as he write . buddy ( v.o. ) I be sorry I ruin you life ... and cramme eleven cookie into the vcr . I do not belong here . I do not belong anywhere . I will never forget you . Love , buddy . buddy set down the scroll , and now , as if sealing it , set he snow globe down on the crease . buddy walk out into the night . ext . STREET - night in he elf suit , buddy trudge through the stormy New York night . the wind viciously blow . buddy walk against it , the snow blow into he . int . hobb ' apartment - later Michael come home , carry a bunch of present . he look around the empty house . michael buddy ? int . greenway PRESS conference room - later fulton greenway and he crew sit at the end of the conference room , look sharp as a tack . walter be at the other end , look even sharper . greenway as you know , we need a big launch , fast . to get this company back on track . so , I think I speak for my fellow board member when I say ... ( dramatic pause ) this better be good . walter smile , then re-check he storyboard , beam . walter I be confident , sir . you will not be disappointed . greenway let 's hear it . walter my pleasure . I will start with the cover , okay ? picture this : a -- michael ( o.s. ) dad ?! walter turn . his son Michael be stand in the room . walter Michael ? michael buddy leave ! walter what ? Michael hold up the calligraphy scroll buddy write . everyone be confuse . michael he write this note ! he leave he snow globe ! he 's go ! walter okay , listen . let I finish this meeting and we will figure this out . okay ? michael finish you meeting ?! ( beat ) how would I know you be go to say that ? Michael turn to leave , furious . walter be tear ... walter Michael ! wait ! Michael stop in he track , give he dad a chance . hopeful . walter ( to the board ) Mr. greenway , we have to reschedule this . greenway we do not have time to reschedule ! I want to hear the damn thing now ! ( to Michael ) Son , this have to wait . walter no it do not . we will do this some other time , Mr. greenway . greenway this be not happen . you be go to sit in that chair and pitch I a hit friggin ' book ! now ! walter Mr. greenway , with all due respect , kiss my ass ! michael kiss my ass , too !! int . greenway PRESS - hallway - continuous walter and Michael walk down the hall , triumphantly , together . greenway ( o.s. ) ( in the distance ) if you walk out , hobb , you can never come back to greenway ! ext . the 59 th STREET bridge - night buddy 's on the bridge , look down . contemplate the worst of all possible conclusion . wave crash and churn far below . ext . central park west - continuous walter and Michael be walk fast , search , half -jogging . lose hope . where 's buddy ? ext . 59 th STREET bridge - continuous buddy close he eye tight , then look up , a tear stream down he cheek . suddenly something catch he eye . a distant point with a glow trail of smoke . buddy narrow he eye to see as the point grow as it approach . it slowly reveal itself to be santa's sleigh ! tangled with reindeer , fish-tailing , and crashing ! buddy Santa ?! ext . manhattan - meanwhile walter be face away from the park , in the sky behind he be the diving sled . Michael see this all . his face be aglow . michael oh ... my ... God ! walter ( miss it ; turn ) what be that ?! in shock , without a word , Michael take off run toward the park . walter what happen ? ( run after he ) Michael , wait up !? ext . santa's crash sight - continuous buddy , run , frantic , come upon Santa 's sleigh in the distance . the reindeer peacefully graze as Santa struggle with the smoking sleigh . the landing look to have be rough as the sleigh have dig a deep fifty foot long trench in the snow and dirt . Santa frantically attempt to repair the problem with he head hide under a hood panel . smoke rise . buddy Santa ! Santa jump out from under the hood clutching a tire iron . santa back off slick !!! he then recognize he . santa buddy ?? be that you ? buddy be you okay ? santa Boy be I glad to see you . the claus-o- meter suddenly drop down to zero . there 's almost no Christmas Spirit in New York . the strain be too much , the engine break free of she mount . I need a elf 's help . buddy but I be not a elf , Santa . I can not do anything right . santa buddy , you be more of a elf than anyone I have ever meet , and the only one who I would have work on my sleight . buddy really ? santa really . will you fix the engine for I , buddy ? buddy I will . papa teach I how . santa you will have to find it first , she drop off back there a way . buddy run off into the wood . int . jovie' apartment - continuous jovie walk out of the kitchen as new york one drone quietly on the tv . it feature a break news story set in central park . a remote reporter be on the scene . remote reporter New York one have be unable to confirm anything , but it 's obvious that something have happen in Central Park . authority be clear out the park and all entrance have be barricade . as you can see , quite a crowd be start to gather . the camera pan and we see a huge crowd be gather outside Central Park , hold back by barricade and police . the female reporter step over to a latino man , who hold he 5 - year old son in he arm . remote reporter Sir , you say you be able to get a first -hand look at what happen ? tell I , what do you see ? latino man I be walk along , and I see a huge flash , and then something come swoop down ... remote reporter something ? do you mean a airplane or a helicopter ? latino man it be not like that . it sound crazy , but it look like , uh ... he 's too embarrassed . latino child it be Santa 's sleigh ! remote reporter ( dismissive ) be not you a cutie . ( listen to earpiece ) this could be a big hoax . I be now tell we have some amateur footage of a strange man dress as a elf . let 's take a look . on the screen a zoom - in blurry image of buddy run . he trip and fall on he face like a idiot . then scramble up and run into the wood . sort of like that old Big Foot footage , if he have do a face plant . it end in a freeze frame of buddy 's face as he look over a shoulder . they re-play the footage over and over and over again . jovie ( see buddy ) oh my God . ext . engine site - central park - continuous walter and Michael stop at a smoking object in the snow . it 's santa's missing engine . walter what the ... buddy ( o.s. ) you find it ! Michael and walter look up to see buddy approach they . Michael run to he with a hug . michael buddy ! you be here ! buddy ( in a hurry ) there 's something I have get to tell you guy ! walter ( ignore ; focus ) no . I first . there 's something I want to tell you right now ! I take back everything I say . you may be a little ... how do you say ... chemically imbalance . but you have be right about a lot of thing . I promise you , I be go to be make some change in my life . I do not want you to leave ... I need you . you be my son and I love you . they hug . this mean more buddy than anyone could ever know . santa ( o.s. ) ( from a foggy distance ) buddy ?! how be we look ?? we gotta move ! walter who be that ? ext . santa's crash site - continuous buddy lead they to the clear . pull back a tree branch to reveal : truth Santa 's ground sleigh and nine graze reindeer . shock awe . michael ( can barely speak ) cool ... walter can not yet deal with this reality . his eye get wider and wider ... about to faint ? tv coverage - continuous remote reporter Dick , accord to authority , the area have be clear . only the Central Park ranger remain in the park . ext . belvedere castle - continuous tracking close up of hoove all line up along a ridge . four black mare breathe steam into the night air . they rider be silently stare into the night . they wear black leather boot and trench coat . chrome helmet sit atop face shroud in shadow . a silver eagle badge read central park rangers . they look down upon the sleigh , quite a distance away . remote reporter ( v.o . ) this force be highly train , but rarely see action . some have accuse they of be too " gung ho " when call into duty . and they crowd control tactic at the Simon and garfunkel concert in ' 85 be much criticize . ext . STREET - night jovie be running down the street , head into Central Park . ext . great lawn - continuous buddy work on the engine while walter and Michael try to wake up from this strange dream . michael so...you be ... real ? santa ( be : sleigh ; work ) hold this for a sec . walter this be not happen . walter and Michael , stunne , hold the hood up . michael buddy 's really a elf ? buddy actually , I be adopt . michael I can not believe it . santa tell I , what do you want for Christmas , Michael ? michael I want a skateboard . Santa pull out a scroll . he point to he name in calligraphy on a thick leather - bound book . it 's the list . santa ( verify ) not just a skateboard , a Real huf board with high 145 Thunder truck . 52 millimeter spitfire classic wheel and bolt from diamond and some swiss bearing . in this moment , walter and Michael both really believe . ecu we see the claus-o-meter move up a little . the sleigh shudder and rise , then fall to the ground . michael what happen ? santa before we viper engine day , this thing use to run solely on Christmas Spirit . you two believe in I . you make my sleigh fly . michael they fly away ! Quick ! before they catch you ! santa I wish I could . I be afraid I need more than the Spirit of just you two . michael hold it . if you be really Santa , we can just get the news camera in here and everyone will believe in you , then you sleigh will fly , right ? santa Christmas Spirit be about believe , not see . if the whole world see I , all would be lose . the paparazzi have be after I for year . Michael spot the rangers on the crest in the distance . michael look ! they all look up in fear as the rider disappear into the wood . buddy pull walter aside . Michael follow . buddy Santa need you help . michael but , what can we do ? buddy I get a idea . he whisper a plan to walter and Michael . CUT to : ext . central park - continuous the ranger gallop through the darkness of the wood toward the sleigh . CUT to : ext . great lawn - continuous Michael snatch the list from Santa and run into the wood . santa my list ! buddy stop Santa from chase . he take command . buddy Santa , let he go . you will get it back . now , listen to I . I need you to give walter you hat and coat . santa but Mrs. Claus make they for I ... walter hurry ! do you have any idea what would happen to Santa clause in prison ?! Santa comply and walter don the over-size ensemble . CUT to : ext . barricade - continuous remote reporter spot Michael run out of the tree . remote reporter a young boy have just come run out of the park ... let I see if I can get a comment ... ( to Michael ) do you see anything ? michael it 's the real Santa ! his sleigh can not fly cause nobody believe in he ! remote reporter ( blow he off ) now , this be feel more and more like some kind of elaborate Christmas hoax . michael this be not a stunt . it 's true ! everyone out there , Santa need we to believe ! I can prove he 's real . this be Santa 's list ! he pull out the list and read : michael Lynn kessler want a powerpuff Girls play set ! Mark Webber want a electric guitar ! series of cut to : Lynn and Mark . each with they eye wide open , believe , give Santa power . int . hobb ' apartment - continuous Emily still in she coat with grocery be watch Michael on tv in the apartment . emily Michael ! CUT to : ext . central park - continuous Michael read the list into the camera . michael Stan Tobias want a powerpumper water rifle . carolyn reynold want a suzie-talks -a-lot ... series of cut to : carolyn , the girl from the Doctor 's office , at home watch on tv . carolyn thank you , buddy ! michael dirk lawson want a day of pamper at burke-William spa . we CUT to : a rough - looking biker , 35 , in a bar . his biker friend all look at he . biker must be another dirk lawson ... ext . barricade - continuous michael Dave keckler want some pony High top ! ext . barricade - continuous the female remote reporter attempt to step in . remote reporter that 's quite enough little fella . michael what 's you name ? remote reporter ( smile ) I be Charlotte dennon . michael lemme see . Charlotte dennon want a " Tiffany engagement ring , and for you boyfriend to stop drag he foot and commit already ! " off the reporter 's look , we ... smash CUT to : the surge in christmas spirit make Santa 's sleigh rise a foot off the ground . we see the gauge go forward a bit . santa we get power ! Santa snap the reign . the sleigh start to lumber forward . buddy still struggle with the engine under the sleigh . buddy I do not have the engine fix yet ! ext . barricade - continuous the reporter stand speechless as the anchorman talk into she earpiece ... int . new york one studio - continuous the anchorman be confuse . anchorman Charlotte ? Charlotte ? we seem to be have some technical difficulty with we remote unit . now for weather on the one ... ext . barricade - continuous the reporter stand stare at Michael as the light be turned off on the remote unit . michael no ! remote reporter ( stunne ) how do you know that ? michael I be tell you , it 's Santa ! we have to get the camera back on ! he need we help ! this giant scene at the barricade have go dark . the crowd offer scattered boo . Emily console Michael . crowd ( o.s. ) let the kid read ! what do I want ?! the crowd stand around , confuse . jovie run up to Michael and Emily , wind . jovie where 's buddy ?! michael he 's with Santa . the sleigh will not fly . no one 's believe ! we need to get this camera back on ! jovie look around . try to think of a plan . inspire , she climb atop a horse 's carriage and look out over the crowd . she 's intimidate . jovie ( to herself ) the best way to spread Christmas cheer be sing loud for all to hear ... ext . central park - continuous walter , stand watch , see the mounted police charging . walter get out of here ! they be come ! there 's enough Christmas spirit to start move ! buddy jump in . the sleigh slowly hover forward a foot off the ground , in a herky - jerky way . the mounted rider come at walter who wear Santa 's hat and coat . he attempt to be a decoy . walter hey ! I be right here ! Ho ho ho ! you get I ! I surrender ! they ride right past he and after the sleigh . ext . central park - continuous buddy and Santa swerve past tree , scraping bark and smash branch . Santa catch a glimpse over he shoulder of the ranger in hot pursuit . santa grab the shot gun under the seat and give them some heat ! buddy what ?! santa a joke , buddy . lighten up ! listen , there 's barely enough magic to make this thing move . keep work on the engine ! ext . barricade - continuous above the huge crowd that have gather at the barricade , we see jovie stand on top of a car roof . timidly , she begin sing , she sweet voice crack with fear . jovie you better watch out , you better not cry , you better not pout . I be tell you why ... walter finally arrive . he join he family , watch jovie . walter ( to Emily ) he be not lie . emily merry Christmas . they hug . ext . central park - continuous buddy , risk he life , work on the engine at high speed . smoke and spark billow out . Santa struggle to maintain control . they hit a bump and some toy fly out of the back . a Jack in the box rattles by buddy , popping OPEN . buddy ah ! they find themselves block by a giant fountain with the ranger close behind . buddy I have almost get it ! santa we need power , now ! buddy tweak the engine . it howl to life and the urge of power blows the sleigh forty feet into the AIR , clear the fountain . buddy ( in triumph ) yes !! I did it !! i'm the greatest adopted elf in the whole wide world ! santa good job , buddy ! but now the belly of the coach nail the winge statue atop the fountain , yanking the whole engine back out of the sleigh . yoink ! the machine whirl and shoot off the tree . the engineless sleigh crash down to the brick . santa that 's it . with no engine , we be toast . CUT to : ext . barricade - continuous jovie he see you when you be sleep ... Emily be the first to join in . and now Michael sing too . and now some other ... ext . central park - continuous still with some Spirit power , the sleigh scrape along the paved mall , send spark shower into the night air as the horse close in . ext . barricade - continuous the whole crowd sing . the remote reporter see this and put she finger to she earpiece . remote reporter ( to the studio ) Dick , come back to remote 3 . I think I have get something here . jovie & the crowd he know if you have be bad or good , so be good for goodness sake ... cameras turn back on . remote truck's light pop back on . again , the scene be aglow . remote reporter ( into camera ) Charlotte dennon , back at Central Park . although we be still unclear about what lead to this holiday rally , hundred of New yorker have spontaneously gather together and break out into song . a curious Christmas Eve , to say the least . let 's listen in ... brief cut around the CITY the broadcast be be watch ... - we see the mailroom guy in a bar sing along in perfect harmony . - the three writer be sing . - the doctor be sing . - the guard from the Empire State Building be sing . - the teenager who throw snowballs sing . - the elf manager from gimbel sing with co-worker . elf manager ( as he friend sing ) do what you want , I be not sing a damn thing . ext . the moving sleigh - continuous Santa 's sleigh be be rail -road . right into the barricade . no steering , no lift ... up in the distance , we see they be head for a collision . ext . barricade - continuous as Emily and Michael sing along , Michael look up at walter and notice something peculiar . he bust he father . michael wait ! you be not sing ! walter yes I be . michael no you be not . you be just move you lip . walter Michael ! please , I have a terrible voice . michael dad !!! then , in spite of himself , walter belt out the chorus in such a awful voice , it draw look from the singer around he . as the bad note rise into the chilly night air ... walter ( terrible ) Santa Claus be come to town ! ext . the moving sleigh - continuous walter 's sing somehow do the trick . the claus-o-meter shoot to the max ! a dash light blink " ho ho ho " as the gauge hit the red zone . Santa howl in approval . the sleigh fly up into the night air and over the barricade , reporter and on-looker . the ranger slide to a stop , foil at last . as the shadow of the sleigh zip high over they , the whole crowd join in , sing they heart out . jovie can not believe it . she sing even stronger . a voice boom out from a mysterious silhouette into the magical winter night ... santa Ho , ho , ho . merry Christmas ! Santa 's sleigh whip down Sixth Ave. and into the Manhattan night sky . and silhouettes against the moon . freeze frame papa elf ( v.o. ) and so , with a little help , buddy manage to save Christmas . int . hobb ' apartment - christmas day walter , Michael , buddy , Emily and jovie sit happily gather around they Christmas tree . wrapping paper everywhere . papa elf ( v.o. ) and he spirit save a lot of other people , too . it be quite a Christmas , and quite a New Year . int . walter' new company - day walter be stencile the name ' hobb's publishing '. papa elf ( v.o. ) walter start he own independent publishing company . his first book be write by a brand new critically acclaimed child 's author ... int . gimbel - day the ' elf ' book from the beginning of the movie be buddy 's . he 's do a book signing . the place be pack . papa elf ( v.o. ) the book be call ' elf ' . a fictional story about a adopt elf name buddy who be raise in the North pole . go to New York , eat spaghetti , work in a shiny mail room and eventually save Christmas . buddy and walter ice skate together at rockefeller Center in the middle of the night . papa elf ( v.o. ) and every year , on Christmas day , after all the present be open by child around the world , buddy and he dad make up for lose time ... buddy still try to hold he hand . walter slap it away . insert we see a elfish hand apply white out to walter 's name on the list . papa elf ( v.o. ) walter even make the jump from ' naughty ' to ' nice ' . int . papa' workshop - day papa elf ( v.o. ) and , as for I , I can not complain . buddy come up to visit from time to time . rapid FIRE finale of buddy slamming he head into doorway , beam and cabinet . buddy ow ! yikes ! golly ! Charles dicken ! sone of a gnome ! fiddlestick ! snow flicker ! int . papa elf' workshop - day jovie , in real elf clothes , set a pitcher of milk in front of papa elf . she sit beside buddy who cradle a newborn baby in he arm wear a pink elf hat that say susie . this be the last image of the movie and also the last image of the book . it freeze and now become a draw and we pull out to see it 's the last page of buddy 's elf book , which magically flip close . we be back in the bookstore from the very first scene . a little kid grab the book out of the window . fade to black . credit