eli written by David chirchirillo contact : apa Bellevue production fade in we 're in a child Pov . we 're running . fast , down a hallway . we hear panting , we own heavy breath . we be scared , terrify even . something 's very wrong . the hallway feel endless . there 's no escape . we trip , fall down . we be daze for a moment . we hear something else now , something behind we ...a rumbling . we look back ... everything be on FIRE ! the SOUND be deafening . the flame be alive , lick the wall , barrel towards we like they want to swallow we up ... int . plastic tent / motel room - day eli ( 11 ) bolt awake from he nightmare . his face be pale , big bag under he eye . he 's choke on air , wheeze uncontrollably . he can not get a breath . he look around frantically . he 's inside he plastic tent , use to quarantine he from he surroundings . the wall be opaque and the room outside look foggy . there 's a a loud humming SOUND , a air purifier pump clean air into the tent from a hose . eli himself be wear a sanitary face mask . his bed have be stripped of the motel supply sheet and comforter and replace with a special hypo-allergenic kind . a dark shape approach the tent wall . but a angelic voice whisper into the tent ... mom ( 0.s. ) ( soothing ) breath honey , it 's okay . you be okay . eli ( wheeze ) Dust ... there 's dust ! mom ( 0.s. ) it be just a bad dream . there 's no dust . I make sure everything be totally clean . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only mom ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) remember what we practice , in one - two , out one - two , in one - two , out one -two . eli do as Mom direct . it 's a try and true practice . he take a breath , hold , and release . as eli do he breathe , Mom sing softly to he : mom ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) you be my sunshine , my only sunshine . you make I happy , when sky be grey ... the simple breathe technique work . he calm down . we reveal the motel room from outside the tent for the first time . it 's a dingy roadside motel room , the kind where the most modern appliance be a ten year old tv . Mom stand just outside the tent , place she hand up against the plastic wall . she 's in she mid 40s , midwestern Mom attractive - but tired , fray . she have a name , but if eli do not use it then neither do we . the plastic tent be less than a eighth on a inch thick , but the separation between eli and Mom feel huge . a light click on . it 's dad , lay in the twin bed next to the tent . he 's also mid 40s , in shape , goatee . he remove a sleep mask to reveal eye puffy with sleep , put on he glass next to the nightstand . the clock say 6:00 be . dad Fire or dog ? eli respond from inside the tent . eli fire. ( then ) I be fine . dad of course you be , champ . but the look on eli 's face say he 's pretty far from okay . a montage of eli 's morning routine ( all from inside the plastic tent ) 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only CUT to : eli washes up eli wipe he body clean with antibacterial wipe . CUT to : eli brush he teeth he pour bottle water onto the toothbrush and begin to brush he tooth . he spit the dirty water into a plastic cup and set it down . CUT to : eli change clothes he pull out a fresh t-shirt from out of a vacuum sealed bag . toss it on . CUT to : eli get into he germ-free suit it 's basically a full body hazmat suit , color bright yellow . eli step into the suit - far from thrill . the zipper 's on the inside and eli zip himself up . end montage now that eli 's finish , he 's ready to leave the tent . the finger on he suit be too bulky work the zipper though , so he gently slap the tent wall to signal to Mom . mom all zipped up ? eli ( muffle ) yes. mom sorry , honey , you have to speak up in that thing . eli yes ! mom okay , here I go . Mom slowly unzip the tent and eli step outside . it 's not easy to maneuver in the suit , he trip on the way out . Mom catch he before he fall . mom ( cont 'd ) careful honey . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only ext . motel - day it 's a local motel in a small town . there 's two delinquent looking teenager skateboard in the parking lot . dad pull the car around , a late model luxury suv , a car you only buy if you can afford the seventy - five dollar a week it cost to fill the gas tank . there 's suitcase tie to the roof . he honk the horn . the motel room door open and Mom step out , a few suitcase in she hand . she shoot a nervous glance at the delinquent teenager , keep move . dad get out and start load the luggage . eli have not leave the motel room yet . Mom turn back . mom come on , eli . let 's go . dad shut the trunk . slowly , eli peek he head out from the motel room into the harsh daylight . we see he sickly face through the plastic visor of the suit . he look at the outside world like frighten prey . to eli , this beautiful summer day be terrifying . dad come around to the back passenger side door . dad ready ? eli look nervous , but he give he dad a thumb up . dad ( cont 'd ) okay . 3...2...1... go! on '' go '' eli race as fast as he can from the motel room to the car . dad open the door just as eli jump in . another try and true technique of eli and he family . int . car - day - continuous eli leap into the backseat and dad shut the door quickly . he 's panting , nervous , but he calm down once in the car . he choose the middle seat to sit , as far as he can from the window . he 's wheeze again . Mom turn from the front seat . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only mom in one - two , out one -two ... eli do he breathe exercise , calm down again . from outside the car , eli hear laughter . he turn to look out he window . the teenager be laugh at he . he catch they eye . teenager 1 ( clearly stone ) to infinity and beyond , dude . they crack themselves up . eli look away , embarrassed . he ball he hand into a fist . as they drive away , teenager 1 try to do a kickflip and fall on he face . teenager 2 laugh hysterically . eli smile a little himself . ext . windy colorado highway - day they car drive through a windy , beautiful stretch of highway in isolate Colorado . it 's summer and the pine tree lining the road be in full bloom . not another car in sight . int . car - day scratch-scratch-scratch . the SOUND of color pencil on paper . it 's come from eli . he 's in the backseat of the car , diligently work on a draw with color pencil . insert on drawing : a image of himself on a skateboard , still dress in he hazmat suit , ollie high above the head of the two stunne - look delinquent teenager . meanwhile ... in the front seat , dad jam away to music , loud . mom honey , you mind turn it down ? eli pay no attention to either of they . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only dad come on baby , you gotta listen to this loud . scratch-scratch-scratch . eli color - in he hazmat suit . as he work , he mark get harder and harder . Mom notice , look at he through the rearview mirror . mom how you feel honey ? eli do not respond . dad keep jam away . scratch-scratch-scratch . his face begin to tighten up . his jaw clenches . scratch-scratch-scra ---. the color pencil tip snap . eli throw the pencil on the seat next to he in frustration . it land amid a collection of other break color pencil . Mom shut the music off abruptly . surprise dad . dad hey ...! Mom give dad a stern look . she notice eli in the back . Mom turn to face eli , and as nicely as possible : mom you do okay back there ? eli ( dismissive ) Fine . mom excite to finally be do with all this drive ? eli apathetically shrug he shoulder . he 's clearly not interested in talk . he get out a new color pencil and start to shade in another part of he draw . Mom 's about to say something else when eli cut she off . eli what happen to the music ? Mom give up , she 's clearly not go to get more out of he . dad can not help but smile . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only dad ( teasing ) the boy 's get he dad 's good taste . he turn the music back up . Mom breathes out a heavy anxious sigh . dad undercut he teasing by reach he hand over , gently massage she neck . in the backseat , eli continue to color . ext . windy road - continuous the car speed out of frame . ext . isolated rocky road / int . mom 's car - day - later dad pull off the main road onto a smaller , rocky road . eli 's move on from draw and be now read a book on he ipad . as eli flip the ( electronic ) page , we realize what he 's read because of the illustration . it 's pinnochio . they pass by a dilapidated cottage with a old red paint job bleach year over from sunlight and harsh weather . there 's a little girl balance herself on a old wooden fence . she immediately catch eli 's eye . he put the iPad down . the little girl be roughly eli 's age and she hair be a fiery red ; she hand - me-down dress thoroughly wear . mom do not realize we have neighbor . she move across the old fence , arm outstretch to balance herself . eli 's eye be glue to she . but in a moment , the car round a bend and the little girl disappear from view . mom ( cont 'd ) turn here . the car pull into a long driveway line with tree on either side , serene but isolate . they turn around a slight bend and the tree open up , revealing ... 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only ext . eli 's new house - continuous a remarkable gothic-style house , old -look but somehow modern . the outside 's be redone , the door be make of steel . it 's big enough to house ten people , quite a bit more than eli and he parent . int . car - continuous eli stare incredulously up at the house through the window . eli this be where we be live ? remarkably , both Mom and dad have the same look as eli . dad yeah , this be where we be live ? mom well , she say it be isolate . ext . path to the house - day eli walk up to the path to he new house with great trepidation . it might as well be hot lava on all side of he . he stay wedge between Mom and dad . ext . eli 's new house - front door - day eli , Mom and dad stand in front of the solid steel front door . no lock or doorknob , it look like the kind of thing you might find in a ultra modern home , or a spaceship . dad hmm . should we knock or do you think there 's a doorbell -- dad be interrupt by a female voice , friendly but firm , from a speaker near the door . there 's a small camera above it . voice / dr . horn ( 0.s. ) hello , Miller family . I be Dr. horn . apology for the formal introduction , but in order to maintain the sanctity of the house , and protect eli , I be go to open the door and have eli enter . we can have we personal introduction afterwards . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 9 . eli take a subtle step back , shield himself behind Mom and dad , scared . there 's nothing inherently frightening about Dr. horn 's voice , but the theatrics of it all be overwhelming . dr . horn ( 0.s. ) do not worry , eli . there 's nothing to be afraid of . just a few precautionary measure to keep this clean house clean . okay , I be go to open the door just enough for you to enter , and I ask that you enter as quickly as possible . we want as little of the outside in as possible . ready ? eli hold on tighter to mom. mom it 's okay , honey . remember , this be why we be here . the door begin to slide open . dad 3...2...1... go! eli do not move . mom we will be right behind you , honey . Mom gently break eli away . eli step inside . int . decontamination chamber — continuous eli reach the middle of the small room . the steel door slam shut behind he , startling he . the room be eerie and overwhelming . it appear to be some sort of decontamination chamber . ahead , another steel door . eli 's totally freak , as would anyone . Dr. horn 's voice come out of another speaker . dr . horn ( 0.s. ) great job , eli . now this room be go to kill all that bad , scary air out there and give we good air that you can breath . but it 's go to be loud , and it 's go to be bright , so do not be scared , okay ? be you ready ? here we go . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 10 . a loud hum erupt inside the room , like a powerful vacuum . regardless of Dr. horn 's preamble , it still startles eli. dr . horn ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) now for the light . a blind bright light go on , and eli 's vision white - out . it almost bring he to he knee . but moment later the light shut off and the hum cease . the steel door in front of he begin to slide open . eli 's vision be still blurry from the light and he can not make out what 's on the other side . the steel door finish open and eli can make out a fuzzy shape stand in the doorway . dr . horn ( cont 'd ) right this way , eli . the shape come into focus . it 's dr . isabella horn ( early 5as ) , in the flesh finally . we immediately get the sense that she have bigger thing on she mind than she appearance : she wear neutral color clothing and she hair be year uncut , tie back in a ponytail . she flash a warm , invite smile . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) I be Dr. horn . welcome to you new home . int . foyer - day the decontamination room door open and Mom and dad enter , have just go through the decontamination process . eli 's grateful to have they there . he rush to they side quickly , grab onto they . dr . horn I tell he he could take the suit off , but he want to wait for you . Mom bend down to eli 's level . look he in the eye . eli what if it be not safe ? 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 11 . mom it 's totally safe , eli . that 's what make it so special here . no more plastic barrier . eli look around . High ceiling , lot of open space and modern furniture . everything new and clean . dad you get this , champ . with trepidation , eli unzip he suit . he slowly remove the helmet , take a deep breath in . and then another . and another . the air be clean . he do not hardly even get the suit off before Mom wrap she arm around he and hug he as tight as she can . dad join . she start kissing he all over he cheek . eli okay , okay . that 's enough . but eli be laugh . he 's enjoy it too . mom oh it 's be so long since I could hug my sweet little angel . i’1l never let you go again . dr . horn one of the many benefit of live here . Mom turn at Dr. horn 's word and give she a great big hug of she own , surprising she a little . mom thank you , Dr. horn . she joyfully tear up . dr . horn no thanks require . eli take the rest of the suit off and relax a bit . dad turn he attention towards the interior of the house . dad it 's actually not bad in here . dr . horn you sound surprised . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 12 . Mom shoot dad a annoyed look . mom I think what he mean be ... well , we be expect something more like a hospital . dad walk over to a small window . look suspiciously at it . knock on it . plastic and seal shut . dr . horn on purpose . although everything here be specifically and specially build for people like eli , I do not like to think of it as a hospital , or even a medical facility . to I , this be a home . eli walk up to what once be a fireplace , but be now cement over . but eli 's eye be draw to what 's hang over it , a elegant gold crucifix . the pained face of jesus be particularly horrific , and the look in he eye give eli the willy . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) but more importantly , it 's you home . I want you to think of I as you guest , not the other way around . int . downstair hallway - day eli , Mom and dad follow Dr. horn down the hallway . it connect to all the room and as eli pass he look into they : the live room , the computer room , etc . dad how long have you be do this ? dr . horn I have be a immunologist for over twenty five year , but I start this home about ten year ago . int . kitchen - day a modern look kitchen , large and spacious , with lot of counter space and state of the art appliance . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 13 . dad now this be my room ! ( to Dr. horn ) I be the resident chef . Mom lean in to Dr. horn , joke : mom he use to flip burger in high school . dad yeah , you marry I because of the that burger . speak of , maybe I can make they tonight ... dad open the fridge and scope it out : not thrilled . dad ( cont 'd ) or not . dr . horn you have notice , there 's no meat in there . I have a diet I be go to request eli to stick to . dish high in immunity boost grain and vegetable like mushroom and barley . I will give you a list . eli no meat ? I hate mushroom . dad I be not the biggest fan of they either , but if the doc say mushroom , you gotta eat mushroom . dad rub eli 's hair . Mom kneel down to eli 's level . mom you know what , if you eat it , we eat it . because we be all in this together . dad give she a look , '' I do not want to eat mushroom . '' Mom quickly shoot it away with a look of she own . int . eli 's room - day Dr. horn open the door to eli 's room . everyone step inside . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 14 . dr . horn this be you room . it use to be the dining room but I have it convert . the room be enormous . pattern wallpaper , queen size bed , large walk in closet , desk , bookshelve and ton of open space to hang around in . mom wow , eli . look like you make out like a bandit . eli take it in , but still do not seem too enthusiastic . as superficially nice as everything be , it 's a far cry from anything resembling home . Dr. horn can see eli 's unhappiness . she move to the opposite wall where there 's a large set of drape . dr . horn we resident seem to like this . she pull the drape open and eli be immediately blast by sunlight from a giant floor to ceiling window , showcase a stun view of the outside wilderness : tree , grass , even a small stream about twenty yard out . but instead of be pleased as Dr. horn expect , eli cower in fear , shield himself behind Mom and dad . mom ever since he get sick , he do not do well with window . dr . horn well eli , I can assure you , you have get nothing to worry about . the window here be make of thick plastic , nothing can get in or out . I find the natural lighting do wonder for the psyche . eli still will not get out from behind Mom and dad . eli can you close the drape , please . dr . horn I promise you eli , there 's absolutely nothing -- eli Close they ! 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 15 . eli 's sudden yell surprise Dr. horn , but she 's oblige . dr . horn of course . I be sorry . mom eli , do not yell at Dr. horn like that . she 's try to help . dr . horn it 's quite alright . this be a huge adjustment , it 's go to take some get use to . ( then ) I do think I have something that might cheer you up though . Dr. horn smile like she know something as we CUT to ... int . eli 's bathroom - day close on : a showerhead - the kind point straight down from the ceiling to simulate rain . expensive . dr . horn ( 0.s. ) probably a long time since you have use one of this . we reveal eli nervously look at the shower . Dr. horn turn the water on and eli react as if she just let a_snarl dog off a leash . fear in he eye . Dr. horn smile again , she 's see this before . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) I know it 's scary , but the water here be totally safe , as be the window , as be everything else . it 's all completely filter before it ever reach we . eli stare at the run water ; it 's be a long time since he 's feel flow hot water on he . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) go ahead . give it a feel . eli shake he head . he will not do it . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) it 's okay , eli , I promise . Mom take eli 's hand . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 16 . mom how about we do it together ? eli 's scared but he acquiesce . eli and Mom walk toward the run shower and , hand clasped , gently touch the water . almost instantly , eli lose himself in the feel . the water feel perfect , and it 's be so long since he 's feel hot run water . he look at Mom , can not help but smile . dr . horn see , safe . Mom and eli remove they hand from the water . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) if you be comfortable , eli , I be go to have you wash up while I show you parent to they room . okay ? eli take a long beat to think about be alone in the new house . but the idea of a hot shower be a powerful convincer . eli okay . the adult all smile , relieved . dr . horn take as much time as you would like . i’1ll have you Mom come and get you when we be ready . CUT to : eli in the shower . for the first time he seem to be relaxed . the water run down he face . int . eli 's room - day eli exit the bathroom wear the new clothes provide : the same kind of clothes Dr. horn be wear . neutral color long sleeve and pants . he step into he new room , alone in it for the first time . he look so tiny amidst all the space . he open a door to find a empty walk -in closet . he yell : eli echo ! '' echo '' echoe back to he . eli take notice . he experiment : 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 17 . eli ( cont 'd ) ah ! it echoe back . he smile , look around slyly . eli ( cont 'd ) shit ! '' shit '' echoe back . eli smile , finally have a little fun . he really let loose now , a big scream , come from somewhere primal , let he frustration out . eli ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! but this time , there be no echo . eli wait for one , but it do not come . he shrug he shoulder . whatever . he head for the door , almost make it out when ... '' bhh ! " '' echoes back ! but it sound different than eli 's yell . the scream sound painful . eli startles , look around he . he 's alone . a voice from behind he : mom ( 0.s. ) eli ? eli whirl around but it 's only Mom and dad in the doorway . mom ( cont 'd ) Dr. horn be ready for you in she office . come on . int . third floor hallway / outside dr . horn 's wing - day Mom and dad lead eli up the staircase . they reach the landing . there 's a door with a keypad lock on it . the entrance to Dr. horn 's wing . Mom knock . mom Dr. horn , we be here . there 's a silent moment while they wait . eli 's nervous . eli Mom , what 's she go to do --? click . the electronic lock disengage , cut eli off . Dr. horn step out , a welcoming smile on she face . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 18 . dr . horn right this way . int . inside dr . horn 's wing - day - continuous there 's another small hallway inside . there be three door lead out of it : one at the end , and two on the right side . dr . horn at the end be my room . this be my library ... Dr. horn open the door to the library . eli and Mom observe from the hallway : nothing special , bookcase on each wall fill with medical textbooks . leather chair to read in . they continue on to the last door on the right . dr . horn ( cont 'd ) right this way . Dr. horn open it and they enter . int . exam room — day eli scan the room . it look much like a typical doctor 's office you would find anywhere . dr . horn why do not you have a seat here . eli break away from Mom , not without a little resistance , and sit on the medical bench in the center of the room . Dr. horn pull out a digital camera . DR. horn ( cont ’d ) I be go to get a picture for my record . can you smile for I ? Big smile ? eli muster up a smile . she snap a picture . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) perfect . let 's get start . CUT to : eli lie on the medical bench , shirtless , attach to what look like a ecg machine . Mom hold the lead wire . although not in pain , eli look uncomfortable and nervous . Dr. horn stare at the machine printout . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 19 . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) a minor but normal arrythmia due to nerve , otherwise you vital look good . let 's get that pesky wire off you . Mom carefully remove the lead wire attach to eli . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) can you flip onto you stomach ? eli obey . Dr. horn move behind eli , wheel a medical tray along with she . he can see she reflection in the glass cabinet in front of he . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) in a normal healthy body , antibody be produce by a gene find within the bone marrow . but in you case , the gene that produce that antibody malfunction and cease production . through the reflection eli can see Dr. horn remove item from package on the medical tray , but he own reflection obscure what the item actually be . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) that mean the first step to curing you be isolate the gene , and figure out how to make it function again . in order to do that , I have to harvest the marrow . the procedure take up to a hour , so I be go to give you a general anaesthetic which will put you to sleep . when you wake up you will feel groggy , and you might be nauseous which be absolutely normal . nothing to worry about . in the reflection eli see Dr. horn raise a large hypodermic needle . eli grab Mom 's hand , grip so tightly it hurt she . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) okay , I want you to count back from one hundred for I , okay . you be go to feel a little pinch when I give you the injection . eli ( shaky ) one hundred , ninety - nine , ninety - eight ... 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 20 . eli 's face scrunches up in pain and he exhales sharply as the needle enter he back . dr . horn okay , it 's all do now . keep count . eli ninety -seven , ninety -six ... eli 's eyelid suddenly get very heavy . eli ’'s Pov : as the drug begin to take hold , the world lose focus . we 're looking at the reflection ... and there 's a figure stand behind Dr. horn , not belong to anyone previously in the room . we can not make out who or what it be . eli ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) what ... and with that , he 's out . CUT to : a backyard somewhere . we 're in eli 's Pov again . shine sun , chirp bird . picturesque . there 's a sleeping dog curl underneath the shade of a tree . we walk toward the sleep dog , it 's back to we . we reach down , go to touch it when the dog viciously snap at US ... CUT to : int . eli 's room - dusk eli wake with a start . he 's disorient , groggy from the medicine . he roll over and wince in pain . int . eli 's bathroom - dusk in the mirror , eli examine he hip where Dr. horn harvest the bone marrow . it 's bruise badly and sore to the touch . int . eli 's room - dusk eli limp back to he bed from the bathroom . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 21 . he walk past he window , drape close . he stop in front of it , stare at it like it 's something to be defeat . and from somewhere behind it , he can hear a voice . he can not make out what the voice 's say , but it 's intrigue . he flip the switch on the wall ; sound of the outside rush in . ever so faintly he can make out : little girl ( 0.s. ) now that 's a good ‘un ! eli draw the drape open just enough to peer outside . the little neighbor girl be about twenty yard away play in the stream . she stand ankle deep in the water , next to she be a big red bucket . she drop something into the bucket . she go back to stare intently into the water , search , then she suddenly lunge into the water with she hand , like she 's grab something . eli stare at she , totally transfix when -- she turn to look at he . eli dart behind the drape , embarrassed . before long , there 's a dread knock at the window . eli do nothing , too scared to open the drape back up . little girl ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I see you lookin’ at I . I know you be in there . eli stay freeze , do not move . hope she will just go away . little girl ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what 's a matter ? you scared or somethin’ ? ( a beat , then ) Fine , I 'il tell my daddy and he x11 -- that get eli 's attention . he pull back the drape . eli wait . I be sorry . I just hear you voice and --- little girl ( laugh ) I be just foolin’ with you ! you oughta see you face . look like you see a ghost ! this girl be something else . eli smile nervously . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 22 . little girl / haley I be Haley . I live in the house over there . haley . while she body have not yet mature into womanhood , she eye have , and they be sharp and knowledgeable . her hair be different than before , it hang down on she shoulder instead of in pigtail . she speak with a slight mountain twang . eli I be eli . what be you do in the stream ? haley what 's that ? you gotta come closer , I can not hear you . eli take a nervous beat , closer to the window mean closer to the outdoors . but like all boy before he , he have rather risk he life than appear cowardly in front of a girl . he step closer to the window . eli I say what be you do in the stream ? haley catch ' pole . eli huh ? she reach into the bucket and come back with something in she fist . she reveal it to eli . close on : a slimy tadpole , flap around , gasp for air . haley tadpole . they come out at dusk to eat . the tadpole slip out of Haley 's hand , smack the window . eli startles , jump back . Haley laugh , pick the tadpole up off the grass . haley ( cont 'd ) you scared of a tadpole ?! eli 's red-face . he bumble through a excuse : eli no , I just ... 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 23. but in a moment , he become transfix on the tadpole . this squirmy , slippery little nothing be utterly foreign to he . without be aware , he move closer to the window . eli ( cont 'd ) I have never see one that be not in a book , before . that become a frog ? haley yep . do not look like one now though , do it ? eli shake he head . haley ( cont 'd ) come out and I 'il show you how to catch ‘em . I get real good at it . eli shift , semi uncomfortable . eli um ... haley oh yeah . you be like , allergic to the outdoors or something , right ? eli how have you know ? haley I just figure , since you be stay here . eli oh , right . haley so you be not never be outside ? eli yeah . well , no ... eli realize he 's never really have to explain he condition like this before . maybe that 's because he 's never be around a person he age . haley well which be it ? eli I do not use to be sick . or , well , I guess I be but ... 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only haley be you always this confusing ? 24 . eli take a breath , restart . the only way to tell it be to start from the beginning . eli there be something wrong with I before I be bear . my Mom say the doctor do not think I have make it . but I do . that 's why dad call I champ . haley champ ? eli I beat the odd . except ... I guess I kind of do not , because - -- Haley finish the story for he . haley you just get sick again later . eli nod . Haley shake she head in disbelief . haley ( cont 'd ) man , that suck . if I could not go outside , I would probably go crazy . eli shift uncomfortably , Haley realize : haley ( cont 'd ) oh , sorry ... eli that 's okay . I do not really remember be outside , so ... he trail off . his lame excuse be not fool anyone anyway . haley so like , you just have you friend come over ? eli well , mostly it 's just I and my parent . there 's Dr. horn too now , and she seem nice . haley so what do you do all day ? 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 25 . eli I read a lot . I get a iPad , I can get any book I want on it and -- haley that sound boring . Haley lack tact but she 's not antagonistic . and eli know , in this case , she 's kinda right . eli what about you ? what do you do ? haley I be outside just about every second of every day . swim in the creek , skip rock , sometimes I even just lay out on the grass and stare up at sky . do not really do anything , just lay there . eli that sound boring . a joke ! eli 's start to get more comfortable . Haley smile , which in turn make eli smile . haley you be funny , eli . but I gotta go . it smell like rain . see ya ! Haley take off before eli can even say goodbye . he stay stare outside long after she 's go , like a person watch the credit play out at the end of a movie that move they . eli ( pre - lap ) Mom ? dad ? int . downstair hallway - night eli move through the new house alone for the first time . he walk slowly down the hallway . eli Mom ? dad ? the hallway take on a more ominous tone at night than it have during the day . every shadow be new to eli , every creak of the floor a surprise . as eli pass by each room ... the live room , the kitchen , the computer room ... he look into it . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 26 . all the furniture look ... perfect . too perfect , like the display at a Ikea showroom . CUT to : the gold crucifix hanging on the wall . it 's a strike piece of work . you can see the torment in Jesus 's eye . int . foyer - night eli stare up at the crucifix . he do not like it , and for good reason . it 's kinda creepy . especially at night . but for some reason , he can not take he eye off it . he stare into the pain eye of Jesus . and ... be it possible ? the mouth of Jesus look as though it 's open , ready to cry out ! eli 's about to scream himself when , behind he : dad ( 0.s. ) kinda spooky , do not you think ? eli jump , whirl around to find dad behind he . dad ( cont 'd ) sorry , champ . guess I be the spooky one , huh . eli turn back around but the face of Jesus have return to it 's normal state . do it ever really move ? eli it be not you . ( gesture to the crucifix ) it be that . dad move to put he arm around eli . they both stare at it . dad can not say I be a huge fan , either . a little grim , would not you say ? ( a beat , then ) you know what ... dad reach up to the crucifix and remove it from the wall . look at eli and smile . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 27 . dad ( cont 'd ) Dr. horn say to treat this house like it be ours . so adios scary Jesus . eli smile . int . kitchen - night close on : eli 's tired , baggy - eye face as he stare disappointedly down at he dinner ... a bowl of grey , uninspired oatmeal . eli oatmeal for dinner ? can I add some syrup to it at least ? dad sympathetically shake he head no . eli ( cont 'd ) cinnamon ? dad sorry , champ . no can do . eli begrudgingly pick up he spoon , swirl the grey gruel around the bowl . dad sit down to eat himself , neither of they look very happy about it . dad ( cont 'd ) well , maybe we have get a little brown sugar around , hmm ? eli light up at the prospect . Mom put a quick stop to it . mom I do not think so . we have to follow Dr. horn 's recipe exactly . you know that , honey . it 's unclear which '' honey '' she 's refer to , but both eli and dad look equally disappointed . dad lean over and whisper in eli 's ear . dad sorry . I try . eli push the bowl away from he . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 28 . eli do you think Haley might be able to come over sometime ? Mom be wait for that question . she get serious . mom I do not think that 's a good idea right now . dad who 's Haley ? Mom give dad a look . mom the neighbor girl . eli but if we can all be in this house , why can not she ? she can follow all the direction and stuff . Mom 's work through this in she head already . mom I think right now we need to just focus on get you better . once that happen you can see Haley whenever you want . okay ? eli but what if ... I do not get better ? dad do not forget , eli , you be the champ . dad lay the love on thick but eli do not bite . he slide he bowl away from he . eli I do not think I be hungry tonight . mom why do not you get some rest , eli . you have a long road to recovery . int . hallway - night - continuous eli do not get far before he hear Mom quietly yell . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 29 . mom ( 0.s. ) do not make I be the bad guy here . eli stop to eavesdrop . he carefully walk backwards without make a sound , peek around the corner : dad I be not , but we both know a little sugar be not go to hurt he . mom we agree , anything Dr. horn say go . there need to be a unify front . Mom and dad , usually a singular force around eli , be behave drastically different now that he 's not around . dad look at he face , Linda . he 's miserable . we get he here , the least we could do be try to make he happy . mom my concern be make he well , and that 's Dr. horn 's concern too . and it should be yours . dad of course it be , but ... eli 's see enough . it 's hard enough to watch he parent fight , let alone about he . he leave the scene . Mom and dad never notice he . int . eli 's room - night eli lie in bed , on he iPad . read pinocchio . but he pause , look at the window . the drape be open , he can see outside . after a beat , he put down the iPad , go to the drape , and shut himself off from the outside world . int . eli 's room - night - later crash ! a whip -crack of thunder force eli from sleep . it take he a moment to clear the fog of sleep from he brain . for some reason , it 's burn hot . eli wipe the sweat off he forehead . he realize he 's totally drench in it . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 30 . there 's a low rumbling come from outside he window . it 's a familiar sound , one we have hear before , but from where ? he sluggishly get out of bed , curious to see . he reach for the drape , pull they apart ... and _ be greet by a roaring FIRE . blaze hot , burn just on the other side of the window . eli fall backwards , terrify . he hit he bad leg , the pain momentarily paralyze he . he watch the tower flame . and if thing could not get any worse ... the window begin to crack from the overpower heat . they spider out , threaten to destroy the window . eli start wheeze , the same thing we see earlier . he manage to pick himself up and bolt . int . various hallway eli race through the house , as fast as he can with he limp , scream he head off , wheeze in between cry of help . eli help !... Mom !... dad !... help I ! he can not get to Mom and dad fast enough . he blaze with lightning speed through the hallway , mad with panic . eli ( cont 'd ) help ! eli turn the corner to take the stair and run smack into Mom . only , she 's on fire , burn right before eli 's eye ! she reach out to grab he with a sudden burst of movement ! eli scream and cower in fear ... but nothing happen . mom ( 0.s. ) eli , it 's I ! what 's the matter ?! when eli look back he see Mom , as normal as she 's ever be , with dad just behind she . it must have be a panicked hallucination in the dark . dad what 's wrong ? he flip on the light . eli look derange . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 31 . eli the fire be break my window ! mom what ?! Dr. horn hurry down the stair from all the commotion . dr . horn what 's happen ? CUT to : eli' perfectly uncracked window dad and Dr. horn stand look at it . no sign of fire either . int . eli 's room - night - continuous the rest of the room however , be in total shamble . it look like a tornado go through it . the adult look perplex , just a shade under worried . eli stay back , hide behind Mom in the hallway . mom eli , what in the world happen in here ? eli I do not do this . eli 's as confuse as anybody about how the room get trash . dr . horn where do you say you see this fire , eli ? eli outside . dad throw he hand up in confusion . dad do not look like a fire come through here , champ . a tornado , maybe ... and the window 's fine . look , you can see for yourself . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 32 . eli but ... I see it . Mom bend down to meet he at eye level . they match blue eye stare into one another 's . she recognize something in they , seem satisfied , stand and take he hand . mom why do not we get some sleep ? you can sleep in we room tonight . we will get this mess clean up tomorrow . as Mom take he away , eli stare back at the mess of the room , the uncrack window and the unscorch grass outside it . be everything just in he head ? int . library - day eli sit with he parent in the leather chair in the center of the Library . Dr. horn sit opposite they . she make notation in she notebook . dr . horn you parent tell I you have be have nightmare . recurr one . would you mind tell I about they ? eli look at he parent , a little uncomfortable . Mom nod comfortingly . it 's okay . eli turn back to Dr. horn . eli well , there 's the one with Prince . Dr. horn stop write , look up . dr . horn Prince ? dad the Dog formerly known as. he chuckle to himself . Mom swat at he chest . mom we have to ... get rid of he once eli get sick . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 33 . dr . horn ah. I see . sorry , eli , go on . Dr. horn go back to the notebook . eli well , in the dream I be not sick , because I be outside without my suit on , and I be not scared or anything . dr . horn ( do not look up ) I see . eli Prince be there , and I go to pet he , but when I do , he get real mad and he try to bite I . that 's when I wake up . Dr. horn note this in she notebook . dr . horn what else , eli ? a beat , then : eli a dream about the fire at we house . Dr. horn put down she pen for a moment . look at eli . dr . horn that must have be really scary . how well do you remember it ? eli I remember put my suit on . and dad carry I to the car . Dr. horn jot down another quick note before she slip the notepad into a manila folder label '' eli '' on it . dr . horn eli , can you see how you nightmare might explain a little bit about what happen last night ? eli the fire ? Dr. horn nod . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 34 . dr . horn I think you be sleepwalk . it 's a rare side effect of the treatment . sleepwalk can occur during various stage in the sleep cycle . your happen during a recur nightmare . that 's why you see the fire . do that make sense ? eli struggle to understand , but he know what to say . eli I guess so . dr . horn good. now ... int . exam room — day dr . horn I believe I be able to isolate eli 's malfunction gene . eli 's back on the medical bench . Dr. horn wheel around the cover medical tray . Mom and dad stand excitedly by eli 's side . but eli just look nervous . he squeeze Mom 's hand . dad that 's great . dr . horn yes , but that 's the easy part . I be go to introduce a modify version of that gene into eli 's system . mom and then he 's cure ? dr . horn unfortunately not . the process be gradual and have to be repeat every few day , otherwise the body reject they . my goal be essentially to trick eli 's body into make this gene on its own . Dr. horn unveil a syringe on the medical tray , already fill with a opaque liquid . eli quickly turn away , shaking but try to contain it . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 35 . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) this will only take a moment . Dr. horn roll up eli 's sleeve . she do not draw any attention to he fear . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) it 's go to burn a little , eli . I wish there be something I could do about that , but there just be not . but the first time always hurt the worst . eli squeeze he eye shut , just shy of hyperventilate now . mom it 's okay , eli . in one - two , out one - two . in one - two , out one -two . eli try the breathe technique , but it 's not help . Dr. horn inject the solution into eli . there 's a momentary scrunching of the face , but the pain be go in a flash . dr . horn all do . mom see that be not so bad , be it ---? all of a sudden , eli 's face scrunches up again . eli ow . mom eli , be you okay ? the pain within eli increase . his eye well with tear . eli it hurt . it hurt . mom take my hand , take my hand . he squeeze down onto Mom 's hand like a vice . his strength be shocking . it hurt she . mom ( cont 'd ) ( pain ) just breathe . breathe , honey . eli 's breath come out in short , jag burst . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 36 . dad Doc , what --? dr . horn I be sorry , eli , I know it 's unpleasant . it will be over before you know it . eli squeeze tighter onto Mom . mom eli , my hand . tighter still . Mom grow panicky . mom ( cont 'd ) eli. eli , my hand ! dad ( to eli ) take mine . dad hold out he hand for eli to squeeze , but eli do not do it . he squeeze on Mom 's hand tighter ... tighter ... dad try to pry he hand off Mom 's before he break it ... and eli release . the pain die down . Mom yank she hand away , rub it and breathes a sigh of relief . eli burst into tear . dad hug he while Mom try to console he through she own pain . mom it 's okay , baby . it 's all over now . dad glare up at Dr. horn , who 's a little shake up herself . dr . horn I be sorry , eli , there will not be anymore pain now . it 's all over . int . hallway - day eli walk slowly down the hallway towards he room , Mom and dad behind he . he 's totally drain from the procedure . but then , ahead of he , something catch he eye ... a young boy , clothing in tatter , enter a open room down the hall . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 37 . eli freeze , he body surge with adrenaline . this Boy do not belong here . dad bump into eli 's back , jarring he back to reality . dad what the ...? eli do ...did you see that ? dad see what ? eli look up at dad with fear in he eye . eli I see someone . Mom and dad give each other worried glance . mom come on , let 's get you right to bed . int . eli 's room - day eli 's still plead with Mom and dad as they tuck he in . eli he walk right into the computer room . how could you not have see he ? mom there be not anyone there , eli . eli there be . I see he ! dad easy , champ . eli but --- Mom shush he . mom you eye be play trick on you . there be no one there . you ’1ll feel better after some rest . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 38 . dad kiss he on the top of he head . dad I will have a little something for you to eat when you wake up . Love you . they leave eli alone . but eli 's adrenaline be way too high for he to get any kind of sleep . plus , the drape be open . eli stand at the window , search it , wonder how the previous night could have all be a dream . he notice something outside , a animal lie in the grass . but there 's something familiar about this animal ... we slowly push in to reveal ... the dog from eli 's dream , the exact one . eli 's eye go wide . the dog lift its head to look at we when ... haley pop up obscure we view of the dog ! it startles eli half to death , he scream . haley geez you be jumpy ! eli do you see that dog ? Haley turn , look . haley what dog ? she step aside . the spot where the dog be be now just empty grass . eli you do not see ... eli trail off . be it real or he imagination ? eli ( cont 'd ) I be awake right ? Haley screw she brow up in confusion , but moment later , a mosquito land on Haley 's outstretch arm . she freeze . haley hey , watch this . Haley clenches she fist , tighten the muscle in she arm . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 39 . eli watch she with a cold fascination , forget about he vision momentarily . eli what be you do ? haley when a mosquito be suck you blood , you clench you fist and make you muscle real tight , like this . close on : the mosquito suck the blood out of she arm . haley ( cont 'd ) when you be squeezin’ they get trap . and they can not get they little sucker out of you . close on : as the mosquito drink , it grow larger and larger . haley ( cont 'd ) and they can not stop drink neither , so they just get bigger and bigger until ... close on : the mosquito pop like a balloon . eli flinch backwards as blood explode onto the window . eli whoa ! Gross ! haley you still get a bite , but it 's worth it . I hate they damn thing . eli I have never have one . I hear they itch . Haley clean the blood off the window with she shirt . haley well I guess that 's one thing good about live inside . we hear : mom ( 0.s . ) ( panicked ) eli. eli , wake up . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only int . eli Mom Mom but and eli int . eli 40 . eli ’'s room - night open he eye . he 's in bed , asleep . stand over he , she face cover in shadow . mom eli , get up . we have to go . eli ( sleepy ) Mom ? what 's go on ? back away . she head for the door . mom it 's time to go . we have to leave . eli huh ? what be you talk about ? Mom do not respond because she 's already out the door into the hallway . hurry out of bed and follow she . downstair hallway - night - continuous exit he room and move into the hallway . he can see the back of Mom walk in front of he . the moonlight cast a eerie glow on she . something do not seem right . Mom int . eli eli Mom what 's go on ? mom we have to hurry . you father be already in the car . turn a corner and disappear . eli chase after she . eli Mom ! wait ! foyer/decontamination chamber - night - continuous enter the foyer and Mom , still ahead of he , open the door to the decontamination chamber . she turn , she face still shroud in shadow , and beckon he inside . mom hurry , eli . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 41 . eli can feel something off . Mom be act weird . he approach the decontamination chamber threshold , do not want to cross it . eli ( scared ) please tell I what 's go on . mom it 's time to go . there 's something different about Mom 's voice this time . something ... inhuman . eli Mom ...? suddenly , the door behind eli swing shut , knock he into the decontamination chamber . eli fall forward . he look up and we can finally see that it be not Mom at all in there with he . it 's a long haire woman . her gaunt face be lock in a horrify expression . eli scream , scramble off the ground and try to open the door back into the house . it 's lock , he do not know the code . he bang on the door as hard as he can . eli ( cont 'd ) help ! help ! Mom , dad , please help ! the door to the outside slowly open . a sliver of moonlight like a laser beam cut through the darkness . the wheeze start . his throat close up . he 's have trouble take in oxygen . he spot he germ - suit hang on the wall . force himself to move for it . Inside he blood feel like cement , every movement be a trial in and of itself . the door open wider . eli can see the outside world : the grass , the tree , the dust - the death . he try to get the suit down , but in he panic he can not get it off the hanger . his face grow bright red , he can hardly breathe . he finally get the suit down . he look back at the door . it 's open wider and wider , almost all the way open now . he collapse try to pull he leg into the suit . his oxygen be completely cut off . no more wheeze , just a open mouth gasp , a vacuum within he lunge . he 's second from pass out when .... 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 42 . he 's drag back into the house ! the door slam shut ! eli suck in clean air as he lie on he back . he see he savior , Dr. horn , hover over he , frantic and bewilder . dr . horn eli , what the hell be you do ?! eli 's consciousness begin to fade . this be all too much for he . his vision become foggy , the sound echo-y . Mom and dad come rush downstairs . mom what 's go on ?! dr . horn the sensor in my room go off . eli be about to leave the house ! Mom rush to eli 's side . then he black out . int . exam room - night we're in eli 's Pov : everything be still foggy , a minor blink of consciousness ... mom ( frantic ) he be outside , what be you go to do ?! dr . horn I be administer something intravenously . Dr. horn reveal a syringe and inject it into eli . eli 's too zonk out to be bother by the needle . Mom hold he hand . mom it 's go to be okay , honey . my little fighter . it 's go to be okay . ( sing ) you be my sunshine , my only sunshine . you make I happy , when sky be grey ... he blink out again ... CUT to : 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 43. a hallway we're in eli 's Pov again . the same nightmare from the open scene . we be running . we turn to face the flame , like a giant fireball come straight at we . somewhere deep inside the fireball , it 's almost as if we can hear word : eeeellllliiiii ... int . eli 's room - night - later eli wake up , back in he bed . Mom , dad and Dr. horn be talk in a circle . they do not realize he 's wake up yet . dad ( upset ) you say this place be secure . dr . horn it be . I do not know what happen . dad well that 's reassure . mom ( to dad ) stop it . now be not the time . dad then when be the time ? when he 's stand on the front porch ? eli finally speak , daze enough that he do not register they conversation . eli ( weakly ) Mom ? dad ? the adult wipe they face of emotion , almost like they be come in and out of different character . Mom go to eli. mom eli , honey . how be you feel ? eli be still weak . it 's hard for he to speak . eli we have to go . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 44 , dad go where , champ ? eli we have to leave now . Mom and dad look to Dr. horn confuse , why be he say this ? dr . horn let 's let he rest , for now . we ’1ll keep a close watch on he . we will be right here the whole time , eli . eli 's lose consciousness again . eli this house ... mom shhh . it 's go to be okay . just go to sleep . eli close he eye again . Mom run she hand through he hair , simultaneously shoot a concerned glance to Dr. horn . int . exam room — day eli be sit up on the medical bench . the color have return to he face and he look healthier . Dr. horn examine he while Mom and dad watch . although tired , everyone be look much less frazzle . dr . horn blood pressure 's good , temperature have return to normal . I think we be out of the wood . eli , how do you feel ? eli better . Mom and dad breathe a sigh of relief . dr . horn alright eli , now what can you tell we about the other night ? eli Mom come into my room while I be sleep . she say we have to leave . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 45 . mom I be not in you room at all last night , eli. dad you mom be with I the whole time . eli I know . it be the house pretend to be she . Mom look at eli incredulously . mom the house ? eli--- dr . horn it 's okay . let he explain . eli there 's something wrong with this place . I think ... I think the house be haunt . dad haunted ? come on now . eli rise from the medical bench , indignant , wound up . eli it use to be just the stuff from my dream but now I be see people , like that kid , and the woman that pretend to be Mom . Mom put a gentle hand on he . mom calm down , honey . eli sit back down , but he 's not calm . mom ( cont 'd ) we will get this sort out . I be sure - eli they be try to hurt I , Mom ! you have to believe I . mom eli , sweetie , nobody 's try to hurt you . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 46 . eli ball he hand into a fist . eli you be not listen to I ! mom we be listen , but you can not expect we to truly believe - - eli bang he fist on the medical bench . the outburst visibly shake Mom and dad . they look to Dr. horn to take control of the situation , which she do . dr . horn I believe you , eli . everyone in the room be stunne by Dr. horn 's revelation . it take the wind out of eli 's sail . eli you do ? dr . horn of course I do . I believe that you believe this house be haunt . but , eli , remember what we talk about before ? the sleepwalk , the nightmare ? eli but it feel so real . dr . horn do not dream feel real while you be have they too ? you be under a lot of stress . I promise if you remain calm , and try to relax , this problem will go away . eli but ... ( realize ) how do I get out of the house then ? Dr. horn answer without waver . dr . horn a short in the electrical system . all it require be a simple adjustment of the wiring . I be able to fix it on my own . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 47 . she smile , but eli do not find much cheery about it . he turn he attention to Mom and dad . eli it be real . I be tell you the truth , you have to believe I . dad I want to believe you but Dr. horn 's the expert . she 's be through this before . eli the other patient ! they must have see stuff too ! dr . horn I have live here for ten year , with patient in and out , and no one 's ever mention ghost . I promise . Mom and dad appear reassure with the explanation . eli , not so much . int . eli 's room - day eli and Haley be sit indian - style on the ground on opposite end of the window . Haley breathes on the window , fog it up . she draw a tic - tac - toe board into the condensation . she mark '' X '' in the corner . haley okay . you turn . eli do not move . he 's not pay attention , lose in think . Haley wave she arm to get he attention . haley ( cont 'd ) hello ? anybody in there ? eli come to , point to a spot and she draw a '' 0 . '' haley ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter with you today ? you bored or something ? we can play a different game if you want . eli if I tell you something , you promise not to laugh ? 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 48 . haley alright . eli hold a beat , get up the nerve , then : eli I think this house be haunt . Haley 's reaction do not change , but she utter : haley that 's funny . eli you say you would not laugh ! haley well first off I do not laugh , I say it be funny . and I do not mean funny like that , I mean funny like weird . the kid that live here before you , he name be perry , he say the same thing . eli ( shocked ) what ?! haley yep . I do not talk to he as much as I talk to you on account of it be winter , but the few time I do see he he seem mighty spook . eli rise to he foot . pace around with excited anxiety . eli what do he tell you ? haley I do not really remember much . to be honest , I do not really take he too seriously when he tell I . eli what about I ? do you believe I ? Haley take a beat , really think about she answer . it 's actually quite adorable . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 49 , haley well , since both ya will be say the same thing , but neither of you meet each other , I suppose there 's get to be some truth to it . finally , a compatriot ! eli 's posture relax . eli I wish it be that easy to convince the people in this house . Dr. horn say I be hallucinate . haley you know , now that I think about it , that 's the same thing perry tell I she say . eli so if he tell Dr. horn too , that mean ... int . live room - day eli -.- she 's a liar ! eli ardently talk to Mom and dad . they be try to remain calm while eli go to town . mom calm down , eli. eli but she be ! perry , he be the patient here before I and he see ghost too . Haley tell I ! dad Dr. horn be ... a lot of thing , but I have to believe she over a ten year old neighbor . eli no ! why be not you listen to I ?! eli 's start to unspool . he ball he hand into fist again . Mom and dad try to take he back from the edge . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 50 . mom you need to relax , eli . this be exactly what Dr. horn be talk about --- eli no ! eli slam he fist down onto the glass coffee table with rage . the glass tabletop shatter . eli stand there amidst the break glass , unable to move from shock . dad snatch he up , panicked . look at he hand . Mom just scream bloody murder . int . eli 's room - bed - night Dr. horn examine eli 's hand while he 's in bed . there 's not a mark on it . dr . horn you be very lucky . the tone in the room be severe . everyone be still shake up . Mom 's eye be bloodshot from she tear . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) a wound that severe could have quite possibly be unmanageable . ( reassure Mom ) but it 's okay . everyone be safe and unharme . eli I do not mean to . it just ... happen . dr . horn it 's alright . I want you to take this though . Dr. horn hand eli a SMALL white sleeping pill . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) it 's go to help you sleep . eli do not fight she . he take the pill with a glass of water from he nightstand . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 51 . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) good . now get some rest . tomorrow we have another treatment and I want you to be as strong as possible . Dr. horn smile at eli as she get up , but it seem to be a more strain smile than before , like she 's feign . Mom hug eli as tight as she can . mom we love you so much , eli. goodnight . dad come around and give he a hug too . dad when this be all say and do , we will take you out to the ring and get you some box lesson . ( then ) I love you . eli Love you guy too . they shut the door and leave eli alone . from out in the hallway , eli can hear they muffle argument . int . eli 's bathroom - night close on : the sleeping pill drop into the toilet bowl . eli stare down at it with disdain . he never take it . he flush the toilet , the pill swirl down the drain . int . hallway / kitchen - night eli sneak down the hallway , on a mission . he hear the adult 's voice come from the kitchen . dad sound on edge . dad ( 0.s. ) hallucination ? you never mention anything like that . eli sidle up towards the kitchen entrance to listen better . he peek through the door , we see everything from he voyeuristic angle : 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 52 . Mom , dad and Dr. horn all sit at the kitchen table . dr . horn each treatment be tailore to the patient . and eli have maybe the most advanced case I have come across yet . his reaction be go to be unpredictable . we will have to manage he one step at a time . dad and what if you can not manage he . what happen then ? Mom shift uncomfortably . she do not like where this line of conversation be head . dad know it . dad ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , honey , but we need to talk about this . Mom get stern . mom no . we do not . because Dr. horn , you can manage it . right ? dr . horn yes . Dr. horn absently glance over towards eli 's direction and he dart behind the wall . eli wait a tense beat until he hear the conversation continue . she must not have see he . he peek over again . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) and the most important thing you two can do be be calm around he . he 's go to take he cue from the two of you , and if he sense dissention , it 's go to make my job harder . dad take a breath , nod he head . he hold Mom 's hand . give he best facsimile of a happy smile . dad Fair enough . i’1l keep it together . suddenly , Mom break down , start sobbing . dad hold she . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 53 . dad ( cont 'd ) everything 's okay . it 's go to be okay . eli watch on , he face steel but he eye processing . int . eli 's room - night eli quietly shut the door to he room so he be not hear . he lie down on he bed . he pick up he iPad and look at the home screen . the background be a family photo take from when eli be just a baby : baby eli , Mom and dad , even Prince the Dog , pose , look happy . nobody with any clue that life would throw they such a curveball . eli begin to tear up ... .-.- but he have no clue the horrific event unfold just beneath he ... from the bottom of the frame , and without a decibel of sound , three ghost , gaunt and horrific , slither they way towards eli 's bed on they belly . one of they be a bald man , the other be the long haire woman ( from earlier ) and the final ghost _is a elderly gaunt man . eli stare at the picture , he mind someplace else ... the ghost slither underneath eli 's bed and disappear . suddenly , there 's a bump underneath eli 's bed . it startles he . his pulse begin to race . he bend over the bed , look down , but it 's too dark to see anything . he use the iPad next to he like a flashlight and with bate breath , peer underneath he bed . there 's nothing there . the light shine clear through to the other side . eli lift himself back up onto the bed , still spook , still unsure . the bed shudder hard . eli clamp down onto the comforter . the iPad fall to the floor , flashlight point up . close on : the leg of the bed frame . they lift straight off the ground . eli feel it , hold onto the comforter as if it provide some sort of stability . the bed rise further up : six inch off the ground ... a foot ... a foot and half ... 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 54 . eli know it 's time to move . he focus in on the door - he exit . leap off the bed and race for the door . he swing the door wide and stand before he be the young boy . the same boy we catch a glimpse of enter the computer room , but now we see he in full view . he 's no older than eli , he stringy blonde hair hang off the Dead Boy 's face , which be lock in a pain expression . eli startles so bad he fall to the floor . the Dead Boy advance on he , eli scramble backwards . the Dead Boy keep come , he eye little black abyss burrow into a colorless face . eli keep move back when suddenly the Dead Boy stop , look up . eli realize with a sink feel what the Dead Boy be look at ... the bed float a few foot above he head . there 's not even a second for eli to move out of the way before the bed come crash to the floor . silence . the room be still , no ghost , no movement whatsoever . be eli a goner ...? no . underneath the bed we find eli , lie flat on he back , the bottom of the bed frame mere inch away from he nose . he turn to look -- one of the frame 's leg land on top of he iPad , smash the screen but give eli the life save inch he need . eli breathes for a beat , gather himself , and notice something directly above he ... etched into a wooden slat above he be a crudely write number : 5-1-6-6 ... int . eli 's room - day eli stare out the window in deep think . he have not sleep . the door open ... mom eli , honey , time to wake up for ... ( then , surprised ) oh , you be already up . she see eli 's break iPad underneath the bedframe leg . mom ( cont 'd ) what in the ...? 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 55 . she remove the smashed iPad from under the bedframe . mom ( cont 'd ) eli , what in the world do you do ? eli it be ... eli trail off , hold a beat , debate whether or not to tell she the truth . then : eli ( cont 'd ) -+.an accident . Mom 's not buy it . mom I know you be upset , honey , but destroy you stuff be not the way to express it . this be not go to be easy to replace right now . ( then ) come on , it 's time to see Dr. horn . int . outside dr . horn 's wing - day close on : the keypad above Dr. horn 's doorhandle . the red light above it indicate it 's lock . eli watch Dr. horn 's finger tap the keypad . a idea click in he head . although he can not be totally sure from he angle , it damn sure look like she finger hit 5 - 1 - 6 - 6 . the red light turn to green and Dr. horn open the door . dr . horn come in . int . exam room - day we be in the midst of another gene treatment , this one look as painful as the first . eli 's on the medical bench , entire body lock up in excruciate pain . dad hold onto he hand , talk he through it . dad ...- it 's okay . you be okay ... Mom 's hold back she tear as she watch she son writhe . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 56 . Dr. horn stand beside eli , empty syringe in she hand , watch he with interest , like one might look at a lab rat . haley ( 0.s. ) I could not find nothin’ on she . int . eli 's room - window - night haley there be a bunch of other Dr. horn but none of ‘em be yours . you have think if she be so well know , there have be something about she on the internet . eli and Haley be at the window again . his face be pale and he cheek sink , like he 's turn into a ghost himself . there 's a large red sack next to Haley . eli thanks for check . haley how do you parent find out about she ? eli she call we . eli and Haley let that sink in a moment before eli continue : eli ( cont 'd ) I think I figure out what that number hide under my bed be . it 's a code . haley to what ? eli Dr. horn 's wing . Haley ponder the sentiment , then : haley okay , say it be . what you gonna do about it ? eli I be go to see if it work . tonight , after everyone go to sleep . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 57 . haley good thing I bring this then . without miss a beat , Haley undoe the drawstring on the large red sack and turn it upside down . lot of metal pole and red fabric fall onto the grass : tent make material . she start rifling through it . eli what be you do ? haley what 's it look like ? I be set up my tent . you expect I to sleep under the star tonight ? I try that once , mosquito nearly suck I dry . ( then , struggle ) dang it , can not see nothin’ out here in this moonlight . as eli watch she struggle with she tent , and realize she mean to stay by he side , a smile creep onto he face . int . eli 's room - night - later eli 's spread he comforter on the floor and be sit on it . his back 's against the window , and he look over at the clock : 12:30 be . time to go . Haley 's red tent be fully set up now , the open flush against the window . eli look out at she , she 's fast asleep . he debate for a beat , then knock on the window to wake she . she bolt up , surprised . haley I be awake ! eli I be go . Haley rub the sleep out of she eye , get serious as eli stand to leave . haley do not get catch . int . staircase - night it 's dark on the staircase , eli use a flashlight to see . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 58 . he creep up the stair , careful not to make too much noise . int . third floor hallway / outside dr . horn 's wing - night he reach the top of the staircase . even darker here . eli find Dr. horn 's door with the light , move towards it . he take a deep breath , hover over the keypad . if the code be right , this change everything . he enter the code slowly : 5 ...1...6... 6 . the split second before the light go from red to green feel like a eternity . but the code work , the surprise show on he face . the door audibly unlock - loud in the silence . eli freeze . now what ? eli hesitates a beat , do he dare enter ? yes . he gently pull open the door and enter Dr. horn 's wing . int . inside dr . horn 's wing - night - continuous eli very quietly shut the door . he look around . he shine the light into the library , nothing in there but a lot of bookshelve . Dr. horn 's room be shut , but the exam room door be open . eli hold here for a moment , shine the flashlight on Dr. horn 's room , wonder if Dr. horn might still be awake inside . it 's too late for that now though , he 's already here . he enter the patient 's room , and shut the door behind he . we hold on Dr. horn 's door . from beneath the door frame we see _a light turn on . int . exam room - night - continuous eli shine the flashlight around the room . although we have see it before , it 's menace in the darkness . there 's a medical cabinet close by , eli open it . there 's the usual first aid supplies , various medical instrument , some pill bottle , but nothing that would help eli . finally , at the far end of the room , eli reach Dr. horn 's desk . he scan the flashlight over it . time to check the drawer . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 59 . he try the top two smaller drawer of the desk but there 's nothing there but various office material . he try the larger leave bottom drawer . it 's empty . finally , eli try the last drawer , but when he pull on it , it will not open . he try again , still nothing . he shine he flashlight on the side of the drawer and discover a lock . eli scan the surface of the desk with the flashlight , search for the key . it 's not there , and Dr. horn would not be foolish enough to leave it anywhere eli could get to it . but something inside a pen container reflect the light of eli 's flashlight . it 's a letter opener . he remove it , examine the tip , the wheel in he head spin . he examine the lock again . it 's cheap , come with the desk and make to fit one of that thin metal key . eli take the letter opener and insert it slowly into the keyhole until it stop . he try to twist , but nothing happen . he readjust the letter opener , pull it out slightly and try again . this time , would not you know it , the lock give . he try the drawer and it open smoothly . eli smile , quite pleased with himself . Inside the drawer be a hang file cabinet . he pull out the first file . it 's a manila folder with he name write on it . he open the folder , flip through it . lot of handwritten note , most of they write in doctor 's chicken -scratch . it 's impossible to read , except for the heading , which can be make out clearly . eli ( read ) treatment one .... treatment 2 .... treatment 3 ... he reach the end , and the last page contain a type document list eli 's specs : hair , weight , eye color , etc . there 's a_ small photo of he staple to the corner . eli go back into the drawer for more , but eli 's folder be the only thing there . eli ( cont 'd ) where be the rest of they ? 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 60 . there 's a strange noise from the other side of the room . eli whirl around , shine he flashlight at the source . there 's nothing there . eli 's about to turn back around when ... a hand reach up from the OPEN drawer and grab he ! eli scream , he whole body lurch forward off balance , fall into the open drawer . something beneath he hand shift inside the drawer and eli hit something solid . he pull he hand out from the drawer and gather himself . there 's no one else there . he look back inside the drawer and realize the drawer have a false bottom . he move the false bottom away to reveal another stack of folder . eli pull the stack out and lay they on the desk . the top folder be label '' perry henderson . '' he open it up . more illegible chicken scratch except for the heading : eli ( cont ’d ) ( read ) treatment one ... treatment four . he flip to the last page , the specs page . his eye go wide ... the photo be perry . and perry be the Dead Boy that 's be haunt he . he quickly flip through the other folder . we see the picture of the patient , three of they have turn up as ghost so far : helena ( the Long haire woman ) , victor ( the elderly man ) and harris ( the bald man ) . there 's a noise from outside the door . but this be not the noise of a ghost -- it 's the sound of Dr. horn open she bedroom door ! she must have hear eli scream . it startles eli . the folder slip out of he hand , spill onto the floor . we hear she footstep come towards the room - thump , thump , thump , thump ... eli scramble into action . he rush to pick up the folder . ... thump , thump , thump , thump ... he try to remember which order they be in . arrange they . ... thump , thump , thump , thump ... 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 61 . eli drop the folder into the desk . shut the drawer quietly but quickly . look for a hide spot . ..- thump , thump , thump . the footstep stop . the door open . eli duck under the desk , the close place , and only , place to hide . click off he flashlight nick of time . he hear the door creak open , Dr. horn stick she head in : dr . horn ( 0.s. ) hello ? anybody in here ? Dr. horn enter the room , turn on the light . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) eli , be that you ? from she perspective , the room look empty , just as she leave it . she enter the room anyway . eli squeeze himself into the corner as tightly as possible ... and realize the letter opener still stick out of the cheap drawer lock . Dr. horn move around the room slowly , snooping , but she have not notice the drawer yet . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) if you be in here , eli , it 's okay . I will not be mad . eli very deliberately grab onto the letter opener and twist to lock it . he barely snatch the letter opener back in time before Dr. horn be at the desk . without bend over , she reach down and try that very drawer . eli tense , certain she 's go to spot he ... but the drawer do not budge , apparently satisfy Dr. horn . she turn to leave without more fuss and turn the light off on she way out . she leave eli , panting in the darkness underneath she desk . eli ( v.0 ) the ghost be she patient . int . eli 's room - night eli pace anxiously around the room . Haley listen rapturously . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only eli and I think the ghost have be try to tell I that since the beginning . haley so what you be tell I be she be not cure anybody . she ... kill ‘em ? eli nod . eli the treatment . I see perry have four of they . same with the other . that must mean the fourth one kill . haley and how many you have ? eli hold a beat , then : eli today be my third . haley oh my God ! eli , you gotta get out of there . it be not safe anymore . eli shush she . eli I do not think it ever be . but still ... I can not yet . haley what do you mean , '' you can not ?! " eli it 's not exactly like I can just walk out of here , Haley . think about it . haley I be not the one that 's not think ! tell you folk what you just tell I , they have have you outta here faster than a spook deer . eli snap angrily at she . eli I already try that , remember ?! 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 62 . Haley put 63. she hand on she hip : do not you dare . haley do not you yell at I , eli . I be try to help you . and I can not do nothin’ from out here behind this dumb window except talk some sense into you , because right now you be not get none . Haley 's word affect he , he try to relax . eli I be sorry . haley sure be . eli but look at it like this . my parent trust Dr. horn , and they do not believe I about the ghost . even if I tell they what I tell you , Dr. horn could just deny it . they would not listen to I . it might even make thing worse . Haley take a moment to calm down herself . eli 's reason do make sense . she sigh , defeat . eli move towards the window , get as close as he can , no longer frighten by the potential danger outside , and look Haley dead in the eye . eli ( cont 'd ) but if I have proof , something I can show my parent that Dr. horn can not deny , then they have have to believe I . haley and how you plan on find that ? eli think , do not immediately know the answer . then : eli the ghost . I wait for they to come back , and hopefully they 's 1l give I another sign . haley hopefully ? wait ? that do not sound like much of a plan . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 64 . eli for now it 's all I get . haley how long can you wait . eli I have three day until the fourth treatment . Haley shake she head in disbelief . haley I guess I can not stop you anyway , huh ? eli ( shake he head ) nope. ( then ) I can do this . I know it . Haley put she open hand on the glass , eli do the same . it 's the close they can get to any physicality . haley dammit , eli . you better be careful . and if you wind up a ghost , do not go haunt I . int . kitchen - morning eli , Mom and dad eat breakfast . eli 's get big bag under he eye from not sleep , and he still look sickly and pale . he 's not touch he food . dad eat up , champ . you need you strength . eli I be not hungry . Mom and dad shoot each other concerned glance , as they be wont to do . dad be everything okay , eli ? you be not act much like yourself this day . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 65 . eli look up from he food , at Mom and dad , they worried face look back at he . he want to tell they what he know , but he can not . not yet . he try another strategy : eli can we just leave here ? we can go back to St. Louis . Mom and dad look shocked . mom eli , not this again . eli please ? dad maybe you should go see Dr. horn -- eli ( yell ) no ! the sudden outburst surprise Mom and dad . eli reel it back . eli ( cont 'd ) I mean , I 'il eat . eli unceremoniously spoon the grey oatmeal into he mouth , choke it down . int . eli 's room - afternoon the drape be draw and the light be off , so the room be totally dark . eli sit crosslegge in bed , stare blankly into the darkness of the room , he eye glaze over , lose . he 's wait for a sign from the ghost . the door open up , eli come out of he trance , hope it 's a ghost . but it 's only Mom . mom eli ? she peek she head in and look at eli with concern . mom ( cont 'd ) you have be in here all day . why do not you come out with you father and I ? 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 66 . eli I be busy . mom well , do not you want the light on ? she flip on the light and eli recoil from the brightness . snap at Mom like a hiss cat . eli no ! shut they off ! go away ! mom eli -- eli I say I be busy ! Mom shut the light off . eli turn back towards the darkness once again , status quo again . mom remember eli , we be here for you if you need we . but eli do not respond . he just stare into the darkness . CUT to : a clock . it read 3:00 be . eli 's asleep where he be sit , day clothes still on . there 's a noise from somewhere in the room . eli jolt awake . he look around the room , there 's no one there . he blink the sleep out of he eye . he click on he flashlight . shine it around . eli ( to himself ) it 's okay . they do not want to hurt you . another noise , from above he . eli whip the light towards the sound and illuminate a ghost crawl on the ceiling ! eli gasp , startle . his hand shake with fear , but he do not run . the ghost retreat from the flashlight beam like a cockroach , scuttle into the closet . the door slam shut . he keep the quivering beam train on the closet door , wait for something to happen ... but nothing do . he 's go to have to open the door himself . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 67 . eli take a few deep breathes , a futile attempt to calm himself , and go to the door . eli ( cont 'd ) hello ? there 's no response , as if eli ever expect one . with a shaky hand , he place he hand on the doorknob , hold it there , still unsure . he tense up he hand , ready to swing the door wide when ... skreek ! the sound of something heavy move across the floor behind he . eli whirl around , shine the flashlight onto the bookcase . it 's be move , about six inch away from the wall . eli step towards it ... skreek ! it move again , this time in full view of eli . he jump back , surprised . the bookcase begin to rattle . it 's a heavy wooden bookcase , the power with which it shake be intimidating . book begin to fall from the shelf . eli have to stand back , the bookcase rock more violently now . the shelf be empty of book now , the last one crash to the floor , and with one final shutter it tip over . it land facedown with a hearty thud . eli do not know what to do at first , wait for something more to happen . nothing do . he shine he light over the fall bookcase and realize : eli ( cont ’d ) be this ... be you try to tell I something ? he check everywhere , on the wall where the bookcase use to be , on the back of the bookcase , even at the book that fall . nothing seem to give he any lead . eli ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing here . ( angrier ) there 's nothing here ! eli absentmindedly shine he flashlight across the room and stand right next to he be perry , the Dead - Boy ghost ! Dr. horn 's other now decease patient be stand behind perry . eli scream , fall backwards . the ghost stand still , but all in_unison they point they finger towards the ceiling . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 68 . something grab he ! he scream , swing he arm wildly . he connect with something solid . there 's a audible gasp in front of he in the darkness . the light go on . and all of a sudden eli 's look at he own Mom , hunch over in pain , hold she lip . eli 's aghast , stunne . eli ( cont 'd ) Mom ? I ... I do not ... Mom rub she cheek , in shock more than anything . dad angrily step forward . dad eli , what do you do ...? eli brace for a explosion of anger , but Mom hold up she hand , stop dad . she be not mad . she 's worried . mom it 's okay . it be a accident . she bend down again , look into eli 's eye , like she 's try to peer inside he . it 's the same thing she do when he complain about the crack window . eli have a far away look in he blue eye . mom ( cont 'd ) I want you to see Dr. horn . Mom grab he hand , and it send a shot of adrenaline through eli that bring he back to he sense . eli no ! I do not need to see she I be fine ! int . exam room - night eli stand in the corner , behind a worried look Mom and dad . he use they as a barrier between himself and Dr. horn . mom he 's not act like himself . eli I be sorry , I be just tired . can not I just go back to bed ? 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 69 . dr . horn let 's have a look at you . Dr. horn pull out a pen light and bend down ... eli no ! he force Mom and dad closer together , too scared to even let Dr. horn look at he . dad what 's get into you , eli ? she just want to have a look , that 's all . eli 's shaking he 's so scared . Dr. horn back off . dr . horn eli 's right . sleep be the answer here . go ahead , get some rest . we can start again tomorrow . int . inside dr . horn 's wing - night - continuous eli exit the exam room , Mom and dad by he side . they look wear out , concerned , over-stress . eli look worse . as he turn to leave , he eye lock onto something that give he pause ... the library . eli do not quite know why at first , but he can not stop stare into it . then it hit he . all that bookcase . be this the sign the ghost be give he ? CUT to : a keypad finger punch in the code : 5- 1 - 6 - 6 . the light turn green . int . outside dr . horn 's wing - night eli look around , make sure the coast be clear . enter Dr. horn 's wing . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 70 . int . library - night - continuous eli slip into the library , constantly watch he back . there 's no door so there 's no way of conceal what he 's do . he immediately go to the oak desk locate in the corner of the room . he have luck with the last desk he try , so why not again here . there 's nothing on the surface of the desk except a desk lamp and some meaningless knickknack . he try the drawer : one ...two ...three ... four ... they be all empty , they be all unlock , and there 's no false bottom . there be no secret to be find here . he turn he attention to the bookcase . he 's grow antsy . he do not know what to look for , and time be of the essence . the door to the exam room be still shut , so he parent have not leave yet . but they could open it up any second . eli walk the perimeter of the bookcase , scan the book , look for anything unusual . but it 's all just old medical text and publication . he ball he hand up into fist , he unease turn into frustration . he move along the bookcase faster , search , search . he talk to himself , but also perhaps , the ghost . eli ( angry ) what be I suppose to find ? maybe it 's the bookcase themselves ! he go to the one on the end and examine it with a close eye . he look at the bottom , the top , he try to pry the bookcase away from the wall , but it 's too heavy . eli ( cont 'd ) come on . there have to be something . eli 's downright manic at this point , exasperate . he start to pull at the book on the shelf , perhaps hope to find some super villan -esque revolve door . he find nothing . he start tear down the book off they shelf , no longer caring about make noise , or a mess , or be catch . he yell : 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 71 . eli ( cont 'd ) you be suppose to help I ! from behind he : dad you get something against book , champ ? eli look up to see Mom , dad and Dr. horn all stare at he from the hallway . Dr. horn 's face be emotionless , but eli know . he 's catch . dr . horn bring eli to my exam room please . I will be administer the fourth treatment . tonight . int . dr . horn 's wing hallway - continuous eli no ! put I down ! dad carry a flail eli over he shoulder . dad stop it , eli . calm down . eli do not let she do it ! stop ! as eli try to fight he way from enter the exam room , he see something that suddenly stop he in he track . it 's dr . horn 's bedroom door , it 's open just enough to see inside . and in the brief moment before dad strong - arm he into the exam room , he see something ... the ghost boy ( perry ) , inside Dr. horn 's room , point a object eli can not see . it 's a message . eli understand . he be look in the wrong room . int . exam room - continuous Dr. horn be busily fill the syringe with liquid . she do not look at they . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 72 . dr . horn on the bench please . eli kick back into high gear . struggle with all he might eli let I go ! dad look , I know the treatment hurt , but you can get through this . eli no ! let I go ! eli flail with everything he 's get . dad can barely hold on . dad Jesus , eli , relax . all Mom can do be stand by and watch in horror as the scene unfold around she . Dr. horn can not give eli the injection until he 's better restrain . dr . horn hold he still and I can give he the injection there . dad I be try ! mom maybe we should wait ... dr . horn no . it must be now . dad get a better grasp . he use all he strength to hold eli down , and finally he 's successful . eli 's lose the fight . eli ( out of breath ) no ...please ... she want to ... kill I ! but it 's too late . Dr. horn 's inch away from he arm with the needle . eli have to do something , it 's now or never . he do the only thing he can . he bite down hard onto dad 's arm . dad scream in surprise and pain , draw back , freeing eli . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 73. eli lunge forward , shove Dr. horn with all he strength . Dr. horn careen backwards , smashes into she desk . the syringe fly out of she hand , break . more importantly , the entire bottle of the clear liquid fall off the desk and shatter on the floor . eli stand in the room , he adrenaline pump , panting like a wild animal . CUT to : int . eli 's room - dusk slam . Dr. horn shut the door to eli 's room . eli put he ear to the door , eavesdrops on the conversation between Mom and Dr. horn outside he door . mom ( 0.s. ) Dr. horn , I do not know what to say . Mom sound past the point of exhaustion . Dr. horn , on the other hand , remain eerily clinical . dr . horn ( 0.s. ) I have to go into town to replace what eli ... ( stop , correct herself ) ..- what be destroy . eli 's eye widen . do Dr. horn just say she be leave ? mom ( 0.s. ) be there anything we can do while you be away ? dr . horn ( 0.s. ) keep on eye on eli . I be not sure how he get into my wing in the first place ... eli smile . dr . horn ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ... but I change the code on the door just in case . eli 's smile vanish . DR. horn ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I will be back tomorrow morning at the latest . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 74 . the conversation continue but eli do not need to hear it anymore . his whole plan , dash to piece with the change of four simple number . haley ( v.o ) there 's gotta be something you can do . int . eli 's room - night - later eli lie in bed , stare at the lock door , he face shroud in darkness . Haley stand at the window , try to be productive . eli do not face she when he answer . eli Haley , forget it . she change the code . there 's nothing I can do . haley think , eli. eli I can not think . I just want to go to sleep . haley do not say that . we be so close -- eli sit up , turn to Haley aggressively . eli we ?! what do you mean , we ?! eli 's never be this aggressive with Haley . he look craze , threaten ; it spook Haley . haley I just mean --- eli stand , make he way menacingly towards the window . eli I be go to die in here , Haley . just like all the other . and you be go to still be out there catch tadpole . haley you be not go to die , eli , do not say that . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 75 . Haley 's try to fight back tear at this point . eli do not care , he 's lose all semblance of self control . eli why do not you just get out of here ? I never ask for you help , and I do not want it now . so just leave I alone and let I die ! Haley burst into tear . she turn she back on eli so he can not see she cry . and suddenly , eli see not a tough country girl before he , but a sad , scared kid , like himself . which be probably what she 's be all along . it suck he anger away like a vacuum . eli ( cont 'd ) Haley , I be sorry . do not cry . I do not mean it . I do not know why I say that stuff . it 's like I do not even feel like myself anymore . after a few more sniffles , Haley manage to get herself back together . she turn to face he . haley I be not cry . a bug fly in my eye . even with all that 's happen , eli manage a brief smile , Haley back to she old self again . eli what should I do , Haley ? I can not be in this house another second . haley well , you be able to get in she wing before . eli yeah , but that 's because the ghost help --- eli cut himself off . whatever he realize , Haley do too . haley it 's worth a try . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 76 . int . hallway - night eli creep through the hallway . it 's dark , and he do not dare turn on the light . he 's get he flashlight with he . listen for the sound of Mom and dad . it 's all quiet . the coast be clear . he head for the stair . int . hallway / kitchen - night the kitchen light be on and eli stop beside the doorway . if someone 's in there , he might be spot . he peer inside ... and there 's dad , sit at the kitchen table , stay watch . but , something look odd . eli realize , he’s asleep . as long as eli 's quiet enough , he should be able to get past dad no problem . he move . int . outside mom and dad 's bedroom —- second floor - night eli very quietly put he ear up to Mom and dad 's door , listen in . no sound from within . Mom must be asleep too . he make he move up to Dr. horn 's wing . int . third floor hallway / outside dr . horn 's wing - night the red light on the keypad stand out in the darkness . eli stand at the door . he do not really know how to begin . he look towards the ceiling , like that 'il help . eli um , it 's eli . I need you help . I need you to unlock the door . eli stare at the red light , wait for it to go green . it do not . eli try again , more conviction this time : eli ( cont 'd ) I do not know if you can hear I , but I really , really need you to open the door . still just red light . eli close he eye , one final try . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 77 . eli ( cont 'd ) if I can not get in here , I be go to die . so please , I be go to open my eye , and please let this light be green . this be my last chance . please -- the ghost boy ( perry ) pass in front of frame , practically a blur . eli do not see it because he eye be close . but he open they now ... and the light be green . eli could cry he 's so happy . but there 's no time for that . he quietly open the door ... the ghost Boy ( perry ) , stand motionless on the other end . eli do not move , fear and excitement coursing through he . after all , there 's a dead child stand before he , friendly or not . int . dr . horn 's room - night Dr. horn 's room be tiny , even in the darkness eli can tell . he stand in the door , shine the flashlight around : the place be bare , frightfully so . like someplace a squatter might sleep , or a crazy person . in place of a bed there 's a army style cot , nothing more than a sheet for a blanket . the holy bible lie on top . and so far , that 's the only thing in the place ... until eli shine he light on a_lone bookcase against a wall . the bookcase be completely empty , and eli examine it more closely with the light . he use the underside of a empty shelf to lift the entire thing . it 's heavy but not bad , and he move the bookcase a few foot over to the right . when he step away , what he see shock he ... behind the bookcase be a dark hallway , a black abyss that beg to be leave alone , to turn away from and never look back . a ghost ( perry , again ) stand at the other end of the secret hallway , in front of a door , a big red symbol paint on it we can not make out . it do not startle eli this time . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 78 . int . dark hallway - day - continuous eli enter the hallway , towards the door . when he get close enough he can make out the symbol . it 's a_snake , coiled ina circle , devour it 's own tail . the technical term be ouroborus , but eli do not know that . eli 's adrenaline skyrocket . this be it , this be what he be mean to find . his heart be beat out of he chest . the sound of he quickened breath echo in the hallway . eli push the door open slightly ; speckles of dust dance about in the beam of he flashlight from within . he step backwards , frighten , cover up he face with he hand , terrify to breath . he look back out towards the hallway he come from ; go out now would mean failure and certain death . he come too far to quit now . after a contemplative beat , eli push he t-shirt over the bridge of he nose . it 's no hazmat suit , but it 'il have to do . he open the door the rest of the way and enter . int . ouroborus room - night - continuous the room 's nothing but a big concrete square . there 's a bare lightbulb hang in the center of the room , eli click it on . it cast a ugly yellow glow . eli do not need the flashlight anymore so he turn it off . ahead of he , paint on the floor , be a a large ouroborus . within the circle be a old wooden chest , about six foot long and four foot wide . eli be this it ? be this what you want I to find ? at first , it appear as though eli be speak to himself . but eli turn he head , the camera pan with he , to reveal perry stand next to he . eli step into the circle of the ouroborus , look back and perry be go . the chest be cover in dust . eli grab the handle with a outstretch hand , careful not get too close . he open slowly , so as not to disturb the particle . crrrrreeeaak . the sound the old chest open fill the room . it 's open now , but eli can not see inside from where he be . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 79 . he get closer , lean in . it 's still too dark to see , the yellow light not bring enough . he click on he flashlight , and point it inside the chest ... and the dead face of perry stare back at he . not as a_ghost , but as a corpse - rotting , mouth agape . the eye have long since rotted out , leave empty black socket . beneath perry 's body be the body of the other patient , most of they just skeleton by this point . there 's a noise behind eli . it must be perry . eli turn ... but it be not perry . someone 's run after he . it 's get to be Dr. horn , but we can not make we she face . eli ( cont 'd ) I get you Dr. horn ! I - -- eli aim the flashlight at Dr. horn 's face ... and we see it be not Dr. horn at all ... eli ( cont 'd ) Mom ? almost impossibly , it 's mom who 's run towards he . throw eli into confusion . what 's she do up here ? eli ( cont 'd ) Mom ... what be you ...? Mom stop at the door . stare at eli with a tear in her eye . mom I be sorry , eli . she slam the ouroborus door shut _on eli ! eli race towards the door try to open it from the inside . eli Mom , it 's I ! there 's dust everywhere , open the --- there 's a audible thunk as the door lock from outside . eli 's eye go wide : what the hell be go on ? he tug at the door with all he might , pound on it . the shirt fall from he face , leave he completely unprotect . with each panicked breath he inhale the dust billow off the door and permeate the air . eli ( cont 'd ) please , let I out ! Mom , please ! 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 80 . his breathe become raspy , he throat close up . eli ( cont 'd ) ( gasp ) mom...help ...ca not ... breath ... from outside : eli hear more footstep . dad . dad ( 0.s. ) Linda , what ...? eli use the rest of he energy to plead with dad , praying he will help he . eli dad ! help ... I be ...trapped ...dust ... but there 's no help . instead he hear : mom ( 0.s. ) he know . dad ( 0.s. ) no. how ?! eli can not bang any longer . his vision begin to blur . he slump to the ground . what in the hell be happen ? he hear Mom and dad 's footstep head away , lead out towards Dr. horn 's room . mom ( 0.s . ) call Dr. horn . tell she to get back here . immediately . the SOUND Dr. horn 's bedroom door close . then , nothing . all eli can hear be he own shallow , raspy breath . he faint . CUT to : a backyard somewhere we 're in eli 's Pov again . the dog nightmare . the sleeping dog be ahead of we ... we walk towards it ... it look at we , snap ... but instead of waking up now , we grab the dog by the scuff , subdue it ... 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 81 . int . ouroborus room - later eli come to on the floor , he face directly on the dust cover cement . he pick he head up , and there 's a large streak of dust cover the side of he face . yet , he can breathe just fine . he stand up , inhale deeply . no problem at all . he try the door again , still lock . he look around again , this room that earlier be he escape plan have now become he cage . from outside , he hear the bookcase door open , footstep . his breath quicken , he create distance between himself and the door . the footstep get louder until they stop outside he door . a beat , then : dr . horn ( 0.s. ) eli ? can you hear I ? it 's Dr. horn . she wait for he response , but he remain silent . her voice clinical now , monotone . dr . horn ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I have you parent here . they want to speak to you . mom ( 0.s. ) hi , honey . Mom 's waver voice come through the door . eli wince , as if the voice be a palpable thing , capable of physical harm . eli Mom ... why be you do this ? there 's a long beat , then : mom ( 0.s. ) because you be sick . eli but ... I be not sick , be I ? more silence from outside the room . eli stand at attention now , he fear diminish , but he rage building . eli ( cont 'd ) I have never be sick . you lie to I . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 82 . mom ( 0.s. ) we have to honey . it -- eli cut she off . he move closer to the door , he anger grow with the ever increase pulse of he heart . eli everything you tell I be a lie . why do you lie to I ? why do you take I away from my friend and lock I up in here ? why do you make I think I be go to die ?! why be you try to kill I ?! eli grab onto the door in a furious rage and pull with all he might . it rattles mightily but it 's not go to open . eli ( cont 'd ) let I out of here ! I hate you ! why be you do this to I ? let I go ! let I go! he 's so loud he do not hear the adult retreate back to the library . he do however , hear the close of the bookcase . int . ouroborus room - later eli sit with he back against the wall . he 's draw a crude picture of Haley in the dust on the floor with he finger . eli I should have listen to she . I should have just leave . he rub the picture out with he hand . eli ( cont 'd ) but now I be go to end up just like you . again , we reveal eli 's talk to perry , along with the rest of the ghost . in a odd way , they almost look like friend . eli ( cont 'd ) be you parent in on it too ? do they trick you like they trick I ? eli get up , go to the wooden chest . open it up . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 83. eli ( cont 'd ) I guess you can not get I out of here huh ? eli look back at perry and the ghost . they be perch just around the border of the ouroborus . eli look down at he foot , understand the symbol act as some sort of boundary . he shine he flashlight down into the chest , illuminate all that corpse . all that bone . it give eli a idea . int . ouroborus room - later eli nervously pace back and forth . he hear the bookcase move , shuffle footstep approach . he quickly open up the chest , then hurry towards a spot on the wall near the door . he lay down with he back against the wall , make it look like he 's pass out . the footstep stop . Dr. horn 's voice call out from behind the door . dr . horn ( 0.s . ) eli ? ( beat ) eli , be you awake in there ? ( a beat ) if you be awake , answer I . eli do not move . he do not even open he eye . there 's a long bit of silence , then some shuffle , then finally , the thunk of the door unlock . Dr. horn stick she head in . dr . horn ( cont 'd ) eli ? she spot eli on the ground do a swell act job . Dr. horn think for a brief moment , then fully enter the room . she quickly go towards eli and reach down to check he pulse . the moment he feel she finger on he skin , he eye shoot OPEN . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 84 . he grab she wrist and pull she towards he , with he other hand he swing something oblong toward she head . he connect , there 's a audible thud , and Dr. horn stumble backwards . eli rise , we see what 's in he hand . it 's a femur bone take from one of Dr. horn 's victim . he go at she again , strike she across the face . Dr. horn crumble to the ground , unconscious . blood flow from out of she hair line and being to pool on the ground . eli do not wait around to see if she 's 1ll get up . int . staircase - night eli bolt down the staircase as fast as he can . he 's make haste , but he 's noisy . Mom open she door , spot he . mom shit! eli , no ! eli do not look back , just keep run . mom ( cont 'd ) Paul , he 's out ! stop he ! stop he ! Mom chase after he but she door slam shut , seemingly on its own . eli look back , see perry hold the door shut . eli charge ahead . int . first floor - night eli reach the bottom of the step and make a bee-line for the front door . the door unlock ( the ghost do ) and open slightly . with freedom in sight , eli push himself harder , put it into fifth gear . he reach the door , he 's almost out of there . he grab for the handle when ... dad grab he from behind , wrap he up , pull he away so that they have reverse position . dad now block he path to the door . eli 's wild eye , panting hard . the bone - club he hold make he look like a caveman . dad talk calmly , but he eye betray that emotion . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 85 . dad eli , calm down . I can not let you leave . Drop that and we will talk . okay , son ? eli look at the large oak armoire next to dad . the ghost stand next to it , they mean to push it over . eli you better look out . dad do not understand what he 's talk about it . dad eli , everything 's go to be --- dad look to he right ; the armoire fall , a potential kill blow if it be to land on he . he leap to safety as the armoire crash to the ground . eli turn back the way he come . race towards he room . int . hallway - night - continuous eli break down the hallway . dad 's back up , chase he . as eli run , object get sweep up in he wake , come crash down as obstacle in dad 's path . to dad , it look like this thing be happen on they own . but from eli 's perspective , it 's the ghost help he . eli navigate down the hallway , he can see he room . the door be close but perry 's there . he open the door for eli. int . eli 's room - night - continuous eli burst in he room . perry slam the door shut . eli run straight for the window . he can see Haley 's tent set up outside . but that 's not he concern at the moment . use the momentum behind he run , eli bash the window with he bone - club as hard as he can . the window absorb most of the hit , leave only a small spidery dent in the plastic . behind he , eli 's dresser crash to the floor , block the door . eli continue to smash the window with the heavy bone but he 's make little headway . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 86 . int . hallway outside eli 's room - night - continuous dad push on the door but it will not budge . dad open the door , eli . you do not understand what 's happen here . open the door ! int . eli 's room - night - continuous eli keep smash . he 's lose energy fast . Haley unzip she tent , confuse . she see eli struggle , quickly realize what 's happen . haley eli! eli it will not break ! I can not get out ! int . hallway outside eli 's room - night - continuous dad keep try the door . he put he shoulder into it and it give slightly . Mom come racing to dad 's side . she 's get Dr. horn , who 's bleed pretty badly from the head . dad Jesus ! do eli--? dr . horn we can not let he leave ! dad something 's block the door . I can not get it open . Dr. horn place she shoulder up against the door with dad . dad ( cont 'd ) 3 . ..1l ... push ! the two of they push on the door with all they might . int . eli 's room - night - continuous eli 's run out of steam . the window be spider all over , but it 's not break , and there 's no way it 's go to . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 87 . haley ( freak out ) what 's happen ? where have you be ? I think you might have --- bang ! the door slam from the outside . the dresser rock from the force . it 's not go to hold the door forever . eli 's drop the bone on the ground , defeat . eli they be go to get in , Haley . you need to go before they see you . haley I do not understand , eli . you be scare I . eli I be not sick . I never be . everything 's be a lie , and my parent be in on it . they do not bring I here to fix I , they bring I here to kill I . Haley look at eli with big wet eye . she 's speechless . bang ! the door slam again . this time , the dresser actually move . not long now . eli ( cont 'd ) you have to go back home , Haley . Haley try to give eli she tough - girl routine . it do not look so tough through tear , though . haley no , you can not just let they -- eli 's not affect . eli there 's nothing we can do now . get you tent and go home . if they see you they 's 1l kill you too . bang ! the door slam again , move the dresser even further away . dad' hand reach through the space . dad ( 0.s. ) help I push ! dad grip the side of the door and push . second until they be in the room . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 88 . Haley stand she ground . haley I be not leave you . maybe if they see I , they 's 1ll stop and -- eli ( severely ) you have to go . haley but --- eli I say go ! eli smashes the bone against the window as punctuation . it startles Haley , and for a moment , she 's freeze . but eventually , she turn tail and grab she tent . she dash away and disappear into the darkness . no trace of she to be see . which be good , because suddenly eli find himself be lift off he foot ... int . exam room - night eli let go of I ! eli struggle against the weight of dad as he hold he down on the medical bench . Dr. horn finish strapping he in . dr . horn okay , that should hold he . eli struggle to break free but it 's no use , the strap be too tight . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) ( to Mom and dad ) why do not you wait for I in the library . dad but , what if --- dr . horn please . Mom and dad acquiesce and exit the room , shutting the door behind they . Dr. horn lock the door . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 89 . eli struggle against the strap , but he can not break free . Dr. horn go to she desk , rummages around . eli do not do this . please . ( then ) please ! Dr. horn ignore he , which ignites eli 's temper . eli ( cont 'd ) you be crazy ! why be you do this ?! Dr. horn stop what she 's do . breathes out a deep sigh . she look more exhaust than murderous . for the first time , she seem genuine , a odd time consider she 's get ready to murder eli . dr . horn a lot of people have call I crazy . and maybe I be . I honestly think I could cure you . eli you be not try to cure I . you have be poisoning I just like you do the other . dr . horn eli , there 's so much you do not know . so much you can not know . the first three injection be Holy Water and tannis root . I think perhaps on someone so young , it might work this time . but ... she stop . look like she 's go to cry . compose herself and start again . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) I have come to understand , eli , that what you have be like ... raby . once infect , the only way to stop the spread be to destroy the host . eli continue to struggle . eli I be not sick ! Dr. horn turn she back on eli again , go back to what she be do . we still do not see what . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 90 . dr . horn you be . you be sick of spirit . it 's not you fault . you be not give a choice . it be make for you by you parent before you be even bear . eli what be you talk about ? let I go ! finally , Dr. horn turn around , a OPEN bible in one hand , a SMALL container of liquid in the other . but the most surprising bit , be the tear in she eye . dr . horn the child always suffer from the sin of the parent . she move in closer to eli . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) I will ask the lord for forgiveness , eli . I hope he grant it . her face grow cold , she eye steel . she gag eli 's mouth . she begin to read aloud from the bible : dr . horn ( cont ’d ) be sober-mind ; be watchful . you adversary the devil prowl around like a roaring lion , seek someone to devour . she fling the liquid from the container onto eli ina crossing motion . the liquid sizzle against eli 's skin . he scream out in pain , he eye bulg . muffled scream from beneath he gag . Dr. horn continue read : dr . horn ( cont ’d ) put on the whole armor of God , that you may be able to stand against the scheme of the devil . for we do not wrestle against flesh and blood , but against the cosmic power over this present darkness , against the spiritual force of evil in the heavenly place . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 91 . she fling more acidic liquid onto he . he scream out once more as the liquid burn into he flesh . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) May Holy Water purify the skin ... she retreat back to she desk , the container of liquid now empty . reaches for something else ... dr . horn ( cont ’d ) and this dagger purify the soul . Dr. horn turn back around . this time she carry a crude looking dagger , like something out of ancient time . upon see that , eli manage to dredge up more strength , more energy to fight he restraint . except ... nothing . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) you be of you father the devil , and you will be to do you father 's desire . let God 's hand , by my hand , send the Devil 's servant back , back into the sulphur lake from which they be bear . she raise the dagger above she head , prepare to strike . eli 's eye go wide , abject terror in he face . this be it . Dr. horn close she eye , bend she head , appear to say something not write within the bible . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) grant this boy you forgiveness lord . he know not what he 's do . she bring the knife down , right into eli 's heart ... but_her hand freeze , the knife do not pierce eli 's skin . his right hand have break free of the strap . he 's gripping onto Dr. horn 's wrist . she can not break free of he grasp . this be not the normal power of a eleven year old . Dr. horn stare wide - eye at eli . he have a confuse look on he face , as if he be not sure what 's happen . like someone drop blood in the ocean , eli 's eye turn from bright blue to dark red . dr . horn ( cont ’d ) God , no . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 92 . eli look up at Dr. horn , no longer confuse . eli you be right , Dr. horn . eli 's voice be calm and know , with the timbre of someone far older , very different from the eli moment ago . eli ( cont 'd ) this house be never haunt . it be never a problem ... the rest of the strap momentarily burst into flame then extinguish , leave eli free of he bound . eli ( cont 'd ) -.- it 's be I the whole time . I be the problem . dr . horn ( in pain ) please ... eli ... eli squeeze effortlessly down on Dr. horn 's wrist and she drop the knife , she face scrunching up in pain . he snap Dr. horn 's wrist ninety degree the wrong way . she cry out , collapse onto the floor in pain . eli stand , place he hand out front and ball they into fist . the room behind he explode into flame . Dr. horn try to crawl away but eli easily catch she and grip she around the throat . easily lift she into the air . he stare at she like she 's a subject to be study . suddenly , we be more afraid of eli than Dr. horn . eli you should have kill I sooner . Dr. horn 's face grow red as she esophagus close off . she crawl at he hand with she good arm , but she can not pry he finger away . behind eli , the FIRE rage . his shadow loom , bigger than it ever should be . dad burst into the room , the door finally open from one too many shoulder charge . it do not affect eli . he casually look at they . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 93 . mom put she down , eli . put she down and come to we . you do not have to do this . eli take a beat , red eye burn inside he head like tiny ember . he look at Dr. horn , then back at he parent . smile . eli but I want to . SNAP ! Dr. horn 's body go limp . eli drop she to the floor , nothing but dead weight now . mom oh , eli . what have you do ? eli advance towards they . his parent retreat back . eli what be I ? mom you be we son . eli no . tell I the truth ! as eli get angrier the fire behind he grow . Mom drop to she knee . dad hold she . mom we be not suppose to have child . the doctor warn we that if we do , there be a good chance the baby would not survive . dad we do not listen . we want to be parent so badly . but when you Mom get pregnant ... eli I get sick . mom the doctor tell we it be incurable . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 94 , mom ( cont 'd ) there be nothing they could do . so we do the only thing we could . we pray . eli prayed to who ? Mom and dad do not respond . eli ( cont 'd ) to who ?! the FIRE roar behind eli again , and that 's all the answer we need . it 's not God that like fire . dad when you be bear healthy , all the doctor think it be a miracle . and for a while , so do we . but then ... eli remember , we see it too ... ext . backyard - day we see image , blurry and fast moving . no SOUND . toddler eli ( 4 ) walk up to a sleeping dog in he backyard . this be eli 's nightmare . not a nightmare at all , but a memory . toddler eli reach out for the dog , but it snap at he , just like the dream . toddler eli 's eye turn red , he grab the dog by the head . we hold the frame on toddler eli 's red eye , but we hear sudden whimper of the dog , and the crisp , clear crack of eli break its neck . Mom sit up suddenly , take off she sunglass and stare at eli . he look back at she , smile , the dead dog in he arm . Mom 's mouth open wide , a silent scream ... int . dr . horn 's wing hallway - back to present eli move forward on Mom and dad , back they into the hallway . the fire move with they , all of it a part of eli . Mom look at eli with big , wet , plead eye . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 95 . mom we discover if we keep you isolate , you do not have any ... problem . but as you get older , you begin to change ... int . hallway - night like the first memory , stylized image . no SOUND . eli 's run down the hallway . away from the flame burning behind he . we 're in eli 's other nightmare . the FIRE in ST . louis . he trip and fall , the fire come barrel towards he . he look back , scared , it 's go to get he . but it do not . because once again , he eye change , turn blood red , and the fire stop just before he foot . Mom and dad stare at he , panicked . they see he red eye and stop in they track . eli 's smile again . Mom and dad be not . int . dr . horn 's wing hallway - back to present dad .«.. we could not control you anymore . mom that 's when we find Dr. horn . she say she could cure you . Mom and dad bump up against the back wall . there 's nowhere else for they to go . eli stand right up close to they . eli but she could not . Mom finally get the courage to stand . she take eli 's hand . he do not try to stop she . mom we make mistake , eli . but we can move forward . we can make it work . together . dad it 's not too late . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 96 . dad stand too , take eli 's other hand . dad ( cont 'd ) we can still be a family . the tear be freely flow from Mom and dad 's eye now . eli stare back , and it look like there might be humanity glint through he gaze . they stand together , hold hand , a family unit desperately try to stay together in the face of horror . eli 's eye be a constant meld of red and blue , a fight between the eli that once be and the eli that be now . he can not bear to look at they desperate face anymore . he point he eye to the floor . mom please , eli. and Mom do the only thing she know to truly calm he down . mom ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) you be my sunshine ... my only sunshine ... you make I happy ... when sky be grey ... dad join in . eli squeeze he eye shut . hold back tear . mom & dad .«.. you will never know dear ... how much I love you ... please do not take my sunshine away . Mom gently lift eli 's head up by the chin . mom eli . we love you . you can still make the right choice . eli open he eye . and they be still burn red . ext . front of the house - night the front door open , and eli step outside . the house burn down behind he . he take a moment , breathes in the fresh air . haley Nice night . 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 97 . eli look . Haley be wait for he ahead . there be no police , no adult , just Haley , look different somehow . he be not the least surprised . she stand to greet he . he stop ahead of she , like there 's still a window between they . from look at they now , one would never guess eli just kill three people . eli hi. haley hi. ( then ) catch . Haley toss something at eli . he catch it , open he hand and look . it 's a tadpole . haley ( cont 'd ) think you might like to finally see one up close . eli study , fascinate . then ...he squash it in he fist . eli so you be like I ? haley ( nod ) we be everywhere . dad get around . eli will I get to meet he ? haley eventually . how do you feel ? eli good , actually . haley you be special , I know it from the second I see you . you be not go to let Dr. horn kill you like she kill the other . eli why do not you just come in ? haley that 's not how it work . you have to figure thing out on you own . ( more ) 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only 98 . haley ( cont 'd ) more or less . a little nudging in the right direction never hurt anybody . eli nod . he 's relaxed , take in the world as if for the first time . he look out : eli who be ...? eli gesture to the front yard . we reveal a entire yard full of ghost , all watch eli and Haley , like patient dog . haley oh they ? they be everywhere . when you get stronger you will be able to use they better . eli spot Mom and dad in the crowd , no longer live people but burn up ghost . they stare at he with the same blank stare as the rest of they . they be under he rule now . eli do not react . haley ( cont 'd ) I have lot to teach you , eli . you and I be go to be unstoppable . but first , I think we might just enjoy the fresh air . she extend she hand . eli take it . they walk into the yard , the ghost part to let they through . behind they , the house burn . the end 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only