Elizabeth Blue screenplay by Vincent sabella and Alfred D. Huffington cast table read version int . psychiatric hospital ward hallway - night 1 florescent lighting illuminate the hallway of the ward . it 's bright and stretch the entire length of the building . the camera move down the hall . up ahead , a orderly struggle with a patient who be refuse to stand up . a nurse move in to assist . the camera turn toward a open door mark administration office . we move into the office . int . psychiatric hospital ward office - night 2 the head nurse be stand at a filing cabinet - she finger flip through the file at lightning speed . she be mumble to herself about : '' understaffed , underpaid , foot hurt , lazy co-worker ... " , among other thing . the office be organize chaos . file , papers , prescription bottle and clip board take over the surface of several work station . in the background phone be ringing . patient be yell for medication - but it 's secondary to the incessant ringing of the phone . the head nurse pull a file and walk toward the multi-line phone system that have be ringing off the hook . she pick up each line as if work a telethon . the tone of she voice be one of frustration , border - lining on rude - yet she maintain a professional demeanor . head nurse statewood Hospital , please hold . ( another call . ) statewood Hospital , please hold . another phone be ringing but this one be come from somewhere in the lobby . head nurse ( cont 'd ) ( another call . ) statewood Hospital , please hold . mary , a female patient come up to the window . she stand there , stare at the head nurse . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 2 . head nurse ( cont 'd ) statewood , thank you for hold . ( beat . ) yes . give I a moment and I 'il page he , hold on . the lobby phone ring . the head nurse turn to a intercom microphone . she press down on the base of it . her voice echoe over the date speaker system . head nurse ( cont 'd ) Dr. Sanders you have a call on line two . Dr. Sanders , please pick up line two . she turn to the patient who have be stare at she through the circular glass partition window . without miss a beat - head nurse ( cont 'd ) ( firm . ) it 's not time for you medication yet Mary . go back to you room .. now . she unhappily walk away . the lobby phone ring . head nurse ( cont 'd ) will someone please pick up the phone ? apparently no one be nearby . she pick up one of the call on hold . head nurse ( cont 'd ) thank you for hold . hi , yes I have the patient file you have request . i’1ll bring it over to you now . she hang up , take a deep breath and make she way out of the office . we follow she out of the door , into the hallway , which immediately open into the lobby . int . psychiatric hospital ward lobby - night 3 a few chair , a magazine rack , a glass encase bulletin board and several fake plant be all the lobby consist of . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 3. the cold , tile flooring and bright lighting make this a unappeal and sterile environment to say the least . several patient mill about . the nurse from a moment earlier be walk mary , the female patient , who be stare through the glass partition , in the opposite direction . a janitor mop around a yellow '' wet floor '' sign '' sit in the middle of the lobby . we stay on the head nurse . she be walk toward 4 pay phone mount side by side on the wall of the Ward lobby . this be the source of the ringing . underneath the phone , a counter top run the length of they . 4 wood chair with a soft , padded seat be under the counter top in front of each phone . the head nurse point she finger at another orderly walk from the opposite hallway . his sleeve be roll up , he one arm be sport a few tattoos . head nurse ( stern . ) Roll down you sleeve and get this patient back into they room before the evening medication round please . the orderly quickly roll down he sleeve and begin to round up the patient . again , the phone ring , then - head nurse ( cont 'd ) ( she pick up . ) hello ? ( beat . ) yes , please hold . she place the receiver on top of the phone , turn and walk down the long stretch of hallway . the camera stay with she . a patient cross in front of she just before she stop short of a OPEN door . the head nurse pop she head in the door . from over she shoulder we catch a glance of the tv . static fill the screen . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 4 . head nurse ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth . you have a phone call . the head nurse keep move down the hallway . we stay with she to a second door of the same room . int . psychiatric hospital ward common room - night 4 the camera turn into the common room , panning down to the floor , stop just short of a couch . we do not see much of the room . a moment later , the foot of elizabeth come down from the couch , touch the floor . they be cover in thick , non - slip hospital issue sock . we stay on she foot as she stand , walk out of the room and into the ward hallway . int . psychiatric hospital ward hallway - night 5 Elizabeth 's footstep be light , almost silent as she walk down the hall . the camera stay on she foot , follow they in the direction we just come from . we follow Elizabeth 's foot as she make she way into the lobby , toward the phone . int . psychiatric hospital ward lobby - night 6 Elizabeth take a seat in front of the phone . we stay tight - revealing nothing more than Elizabeth 's foot , hand , leg , arm , finger , ear , nose and lip . we never see she entire face throughout the scene . from the various angle we can see she be dress in sweat pants and a baggy sweatshirt . Elizabeth pick up the phone but she do not answer it yet . we be tight on she finger as Elizabeth play with the cord , intertwine it around she finger - a nervous tick cause by anxiety . it 's almost as if she do not want to speak too whomever be on the call . we can not help but notice the black rubber hair band wrap around she wrist . she sit with she right knee up , she other foot plant on the floor . she finally bring the phone to she ear . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 we pan up just enough - expose Elizabeth 's chin and mouth . elizabeth hello . carol ( 0.c. ) hi lizzy . elizabeth Mom , please do not call I lizzy . Carol 's tone shift to one of annoyance . carol ( 0.c. ) sorry . how be you feel ? elizabeth I have news . carol ( 0.c . ) what kind of news Elizabeth ? elizabeth I be go home tomorrow . Carol 's tone change from annoyed to tolerant - cautious even . carol ( 0.c . ) that 's wonderful honey . I ... I wish I be able to be there but you Stepsister have she piano recital and Richard be coach Thomas .. she could care less Elizabeth cut she off mid sentence . about she mother 's new family and life . elizabeth it 's okay Mom . grant 's pick I up . ( beat . ) and he 's move in . once again you can hear the tone change in she mother 's voice . it 's a mixture of confusion and concern . carol ( 0.c . ) he be ? that 's , um ... well ... ( clear she throat . ) be I ever go to meet he ? v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 6 . elizabeth Mom , do you really want I to get into the reason why you have not meet grant ? ( she bite at one of she fingernails . ) I be go home tomorrow . I have a new doctor . we start session next week . I plan on get well Mom . I want to have a life and be as normal as possible . carol ( 0.c . ) that 's great sweetheart , but ... Elizabeth cut she off again . her tone become agitate . elizabeth no but Mom . I do not want to be upset or have feeling of resentment toward you anymore but right now I need to focus on what 's best for I . carol ( 0.c . ) I just do not want you take you mental health lightly . move in with someone be a big deal Elizabeth . elizabeth I know that . Elizabeth be try hard not to let she mother spoil the moment but the foot tapping , nail bite and skin scratch tell we otherwise . she be full of anxiety and annoyance now . she take a deep breath - raise she hand to she neck , grip it as if she be gasp for air or try to choke herself . it 's hard to tell . carol ( 0.c. ) ( beat . ) I will try to make a trip up from San Diego soon . Elizabeth bite she lip in think . carol ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) be you there Elizabeth ? v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 elizabeth I be here . ( beat ) Mom ? carol ( 0.c . ) yes ? elizabeth grant ask I to marry he and I say yes . there be a long silence . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Mom ? carol ( 0.c. ) I be here . elizabeth you be not happy ? carol ( 0.c . ) it 's just . ( beat . ) I have a very different idea of what I think you life would be . but , you be a 30 year old woman and you can make you own choice . elizabeth he make I happy . carol ( 0.c . ) then that 's all ... that matter . it become uncomfortably silent , then - carol ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) ( in a hurry . ) I have to go . you step sister just knock over ... a bowl . i’1l see you soon . gotta run . before Elizabeth can say anything else - click ! the phone hang up . the phone still to she ear - elizabeth sure Mom ... v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 8. Elizabeth let the phone move down the side of she face , gently lean she chin on it . she then release the phone , let it dangle from the cord . she remove the black hair band from she wrist and sloppily tie she hair up . she stand , take a deep breath , then defiantly slam the phone down onto the receiver and we - CUT to : black '' elizabeth blue '' fade in : int . elizabeth 's live room - day 7 the studio apartment be small and clean with a mixture of mismatch furniture and knickknack . we pan around the room revealing the lay out . a futon sofa bed with match end and coffee table sit opposite a small flat screen tv inside a wood tv cabinet . there be three small window with white wood blind in the main live area . a round table with two chair sit just outside the small kitchen nook . a small wood desk cover with a stack of book , a manuscript , pen , pencil , ruler and a high lighter sit off in another corner . Left over chinese food container and two paper plate with plastic ware be on the coffee table . the sound of keys be hear , then - the door swing open . elizabeth step into the apartment - expose she face for the first time . she be a rare combination of beauty and innocence but she face wear a deep sadness and underlying pain . she be wear black tight and a baggy sweatshirt that despite itself , outline she slender body . she hold a backpack in she leave hand . her big , gentle eye move across the room , take it all in . by the expression on she face , it 's as if it all seem unfamiliar . just then - v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 9 . grant enter . he stand tall and handsome . he possess a natural warmth and charm . he be emotionally strong , compassionate and fill with unconditional love for Elizabeth . grant walk up behind she , kissing she neck . grant give I you bag babe , I x11 unpack for you . Elizabeth circle back around and quickly shut the door . elizabeth no I be okay . I be go to take a shower and throw this stuff in the dirty clothes . she indicate the content of she backpack . grant okay . I 'il be right here . i’1l give you some alone time to get settle . can I get you anything ? elizabeth tea ? grant come right up . he lean in , kiss she forehead . he walk out of frame toward the small kitchen . Elizabeth stand there for what feel like a eternity - take in she place . she look to the right of she - stare blankly . she walk out of frame . int . elizabeth 's bathroom - day the dark room turn bright by the flick of a switch . we be tight on Elizabeth 's hand as she close the bathroom door knob . Elizabeth step in front of she bathroom mirror . she stand there look back at herself in the reflection . close on the shower head as a burst of water sputter out from week of be still . Elizabeth 's hand reach in to test the temperature . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 10 . Elizabeth look over she shoulder as if she hear something . she do a double take before slide out of she clothes . she step into the shower , quickly pull the shower door close . she 's feel paranoid . the warm water hit she body . the expression on she face be a mixture of relief and angst . she take a long , deep breath then stick she head under the run water . she be beautiful and break all at once . the muffle sound of a tea kettle can be hear whistling from the kitchen . grant ( 0.c . ) Babe , tea be ready . elizabeth okay , I 'il be right out . Elizabeth continue to stand in the shower - in she own world . she feel safe enclose in the shower . suddenly a feel of nervousness overcome she again . her body shudder from a chill . she do not feel alone in the bathroom . she look behind she . she mumble to herself - try to remain calm but paranoia be get the best of she . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) ( Quick and muffle . ) it 's okay , it 's okay , it 's okay , it 's okay . she turn the water off , then on again , then off again . when she be sure it 's off she quickly step out of the shower . she grab a wear - in bathrobe hang on the back of the bathroom door - quickly hold it up in front of herself as if hide she naked body from someone . Elizabeth place the robe to she nose - smell it . something about this be oddly calming to she . she stand for a moment - embrace the robe . Elizabeth put the robe on - tie it tightly around she waist . her small frame be devoure by the oversize terry - cloth . she grab a towel hang on a near - by rack and begin to dry she hair . the tea kettle continue to scream from the kitchen while she stare at she reflection - gently patting she face dry . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 11 . int . elizabeth 's live room - day 9 Elizabeth and grant be sit on opposite side of the couch . she be still in she bathrobe - a cup of tea grip in she hand . she be stare into it . the container of old chinese food remain in the same spot on the coffee table . grant point to it . grant I do not throw it out . I figure we could heat it up and share . elizabeth you read my mind . I have be craving month old chinese food . grant awesome . I know it . he 's happy to see she and it show . grant ( cont 'd ) drink you tea . Elizabeth move toward he , lean she back against he . grant place he arm around she . Elizabeth take a sip of she tea . grant ( cont 'd ) good ? Elizabeth manage a smile . grant ( cont 'd ) feel good to be home ? elizabeth I never want to go back to that place . they sit in silence for a moment , then - grant when do you want to go over you new medication ? we should do that before you next doctor 's appointment . elizabeth tomorrow . I just need to be with you right now and not think . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 grant sure babe . grant caress she arm and shoulder . the remainder of they conversation seem like more joy to it but with Elizabeth she thought heavy . elizabeth what do you friend say when you tell they you be move in with I ? grant they say , can we help you pack ? 12 . it should have be always Elizabeth give grant '' a look '' from over she shoulder . grant ( cont 'd ) all joke aside , everyone be really happy for we . elizabeth that 's nice to hear . do you choose a best man ? grant Nah . i’1l figure it out when the time come . my buddy be place bet to see who I pick . Elizabeth be deep in think , then - elizabeth I tell my mother . grant how would that go ? Elizabeth sit up and place she tea on the coffee table . she tie she hair back in a loose knot . elizabeth ( sarcastic . ) it be a conversation fill with grief and disappointment . so all and all I would say it go pretty good . grant do you think she ’1ll meet I before we get marry ? v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 13 . Elizabeth look straight ahead at nothing in particular . elizabeth I do not know . ( beat . ) and I honestly do not care . grant you care . it 's you mother , I know you care . you can pretend to be tough all you want Elizabeth but I know you better than you know yourself . elizabeth ( sarcastic , yet playful . ) you think you know I , huh ? grant I know so . she stare into he eye . he pull she tight . they forehead meet . grant ( cont 'd ) I know you better than you know yourself . Elizabeth swallow hard . she love this man so much . elizabeth oh yeah ? grant yeah . and you know what else ? she softly shake she head . grant ( cont 'd ) there 's no one else 's plate I have rather steal food from - so let 's eat because I be starve . she laugh - give he a playful hit . elizabeth I hate that ! why do you do it ? grant what ? steal food off you plate ? elizabeth yes ! 10 11 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 14 . grant ( thoughtful beat . ) because I want what you have . a warm smile fill she face . they embrace . they remain lock in one another 's arm on the sofa . dissolve to : notebook - insert 10 close on the notebook . we be tight on Elizabeth 's hand . she be hold a felt marker pen . the pen glide across the page . we pull back to reveal the word : '' somebody 's get marry ... '' CUT to : int . elizabeth 's live room —- morning 11 streak of sunlight seep through the blind into Elizabeth 's apartment but not enough to remove the somber feel . Elizabeth sit at the round table just outside the kitchen . her leg cross indian style . a glass of water and a empty bowl with a spoon stick out of it rest on the table . the notebook and pen lay on the table in front of she . she stare straight ahead - lose in she thought . Elizabeth 's eye twitch , she head shake ever so slightly . she place she face in she hand . suddenly , a mixture of indistinguishable voice begin to fill she head . they be soft , overlap and very present . among the chatter we can barely make out the voice of tim . this be a hallucination we will hear from again . tim ( v.0o . ) he 's never go to marry you . a visible chill cause Elizabeth 's body to shutter . she rub she neck and arm quickly to relieve the sensation . a deep strain fill she face . she grip the bridge of she nose with she thumb and index finger , massage in tiny circle . the voice be dissolve but still present . Elizabeth cover she ear and place she head down - she forehead touch the pad on the table . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 15 . she let out a faint sigh and whisper to herself . elizabeth please leave I alone . Elizabeth keep she eye plant on the pad . we follow she eye to the pen . her hand come into frame - pick up the pen . she raise she head and begin to write frantically in different direction , rotate the notebook in the process . close on the notebook - - Mrs. o'neil she rotate the notebook . - Mrs. grant o’neil she rotate the notebook . - Mrs. Elizabeth 0 's Neil she rotate the notebook . - Mrs. Elizabeth grant 0 's Neil she rotate the notebook . - Mrs. grant Elizabeth 0 ’neil she rotate the notebook but before she write again we hear - grant ( 0.c . ) you know some people might consider that a compulsive behavior . without look up , Elizabeth manage a anxiety ride smile . grant take a seat at the table opposite she . elizabeth well dear sir , as you may already know , among my many issue , I be also obsessive compulsive and currently on medication for it . grant look at the notebook . grant umm , yeah . look like the med be really do they job . ( more ) v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 16 . grant ( cont 'd ) what medication be that again ? 350 milligram of it 's not work ? elizabeth no jerk . it 's call luvox ... and I actually think it 's the only medication that 's work . she look down , pick up she pen and tap it three time on the notebook . tap ! tap ! tap ! elizabeth ( cont ’d ) this be more my anxiety than obsessiveness . grant do you take anything ? elizabeth no , I do not like the ativan . it make I itchy . it must be some weird side effect . grant respond sarcastically under he breath . grant or you have a rash . Elizabeth dip she finger into the glass of water and flick a splash at he . grant ( cont 'd ) hey ! elizabeth what , be you go to melt ? grant smile - take a moment . grant we need to go over you medication . Elizabeth go back to doodling on the notebook . elizabeth okay . grant it 's important . elizabeth yes grant . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 17 . grant do not '' yes I '' Elizabeth . you say last night we would go over they today . I wanna have a handle on it before we meet with Dr. bowman . elizabeth ( agitate . ) please do not start with I . grant I be not start . I just do not take you mental health lightly . elizabeth oh what and I do ? you sound like my mother . before he can respond , Elizabeth slam the pen down and storm out of the room . off camera , from the other room , we hear she mumble to herself about '' everyone tell she what to do '' , tired of be treat like a child " , among other thing . then - a cabinet open then slam close . grant sit quietly stare down at the table . she return a few moment later hold a basket fill with pill bottle . she dump they all over the table and sit down . elizabeth ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) Fine ! let do it now ! here ..- happy ? grant appear hurt by she outburst . slowly he expression change to a grin . he look at all of the pill . grant any of this treat rotten bitch syndrome ? Elizabeth give he a '' look '' . a moment of regret cross she face for the way she react . she begin pick up the pill bottle , lining they up in a row , side - by -side on the table . among the various pill bottle there be also a DAILY plastic pill case . grant ( cont 'd ) ( cautiously . ) sooo ... besides the anxiety , how do you feel ? 12 13 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 18. Elizabeth keep she head down - she long hair drape over she face as she flip open the plastic lid on each day of the pill case . elizabeth okay , I guess . grant be you hearing ? elizabeth I be , a little . not too bad . grant be they here now ? elizabeth no . grant move she hair behind one of she ear hand under she chin , tilting she head up to with he . grant hey ... I love you . elizabeth I love you too . without say another word , one by one she then place he make eye contact open the pill bottle and begin to place a pill from each bottle into the daily pill case . as she continue to do this grant can see she be get overwhelm . he extend he hand and place it on the table . Elizabeth reach for it . we hold tight on they . nothing be say . nothing need to be . notebook - insert close on the notebook : '' somebody get some flower .. int . dr . bowman 's lobby - day dissolve to : 12 '' CUT to : 13 we be close on a beautiful bouquet of flower . as we pull back we reveal - v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 19 . Elizabeth and grant sit on a sofa side by side in the psychiatrist 's office . seat across from they be a woman - she head bury in a magazine . a enclose office with a counter top separate the lobby from the wait area . two female staff member can be see behind the opposite side of the counter . to the leave , there be a large light wood , unmark double door . the wait area be comfortable and invite . a stripe , brightly color rug and wood coffee table sit in the middle of the room . spread across the top of the table be magazine fan out with all the latest headline . Elizabeth reach for one of the magazine , sit back and begin to flip through the page . it more of a distraction . she be not really look at the page . she take a deep breath , she nerve and anxiety be get to she . grant notice how tense she be . he reference a tabloid magazine on the table with the headline : '' another celebrity sex tape scandal '' . grant maybe we should make a sex tape . Elizabeth force a grin . it 's the best she can muster at the moment . just then , the double door open . dr . bowman stand in the doorway . he be wear a expensive shirt , silk tie and slack press to perfection . he be hold a medical file . he greet Elizabeth with a welcoming smile . dr . bowman Elizabeth ? Elizabeth nod . dr . bowman ( cont ’d ) I be Doctor bowman . please , come in . she and grant stand . grant walk into he office , follow by Elizabeth . Dr. bowman close the door behind they . 14 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 20 . int . dr . bowman 's office - day 14 the office be large and bright . the room be paint a cool , baby blue that make you feel immediately at ease . a large , slightly elevate window cover by thick , vertical blind allow just enough sunlight in , give the room a warm feel . a stylishly upholster couch , flanke by two antique end table with a wood and metal coffee table be to the leave of the door . to the far end of the office - warm wood furnishings comprise of Dr. bowman 's desk , leather desk chair and bookcase be neatly organize . his medical degree be beautifully frame above he desk . Dr. bowman make he way toward a comfy chair on the opposite side of the coffee table , across from the couch . dr . bowman I have hear a lot about you from Dr. Sanders Elizabeth . it 's nice to finally meet you . elizabeth it 's nice to meet you too Dr. bowman . this be my fiance , grant . Dr. bowman take a seat across from Elizabeth and grant . he smile tightly , a slight squint in he eye . his demeanor be calm and direct , yet soft and warm . his voice smooth and soothing . dr . bowman ( gesture to couch . ) please , have a seat . Elizabeth and grant sit on the couch . throughout the conversation Elizabeth often appear distant , guard and occasionally defensive - even sarcastic at time . Dr. bowman take a moment to review she medical file . Elizabeth sit quietly hold grant 's hand . she look up at the window , momentarily gaze off . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) I see here you be currently on haldol for the schizophrenia . Elizabeth revert she attention back to Dr. bowman . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 21 . elizabeth yes . dr . bowman how be that work for you ? elizabeth I hate it . between the headache , difficulty pee and the muscle stiffness I feel like it 's make I feel crazier than I be . and with all of the other pill , the dry mouth be enough to make I want to scream . Dr. bowman remove a pen from he pocket and make a note in she file . grant all very sexy side effect I might add . she nudge he . elizabeth shut up . Dr. bowman look in grant 's direction . dr . bowman how long have you be on the haldol now ? elizabeth Dr. Sanders put I on it as soon as I be admit into statewood , so about 5 week now . dr . bowman and before that I see you be on seroquel . but it do not mention why the change . Elizabeth look down . elizabeth I be escort out of a grocery store for get into a argument with a fireman - who be not actually there . dr . bowman so you be hallucinate ? v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 22. she nod she head . the question be beginning to make she nervous . she become visibly anxious and fidgety - nail bite , hand rub , foot tapping and scratch . it 's subtle but very apparent . elizabeth the Police be call and I be take to the hospital . dr . bowman and be that the first time you receive in - patient treatment ? elizabeth yes . well , no . I have be in and out of hospital over the year but that be voluntary and mostly for evaluation . dr . bowman would you say you have see a change in certain behavior in recent year ? elizabeth I would say it start get worse a little over a year ago . Dr. bowman make another note in she file . she turn to grant . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) not long before we first start dating . lucky you . grant 's expression be one of complete support . Dr. bowman look in grant 's direction again . dr . bowman and while under the care of Dr. Sanders he take you off of the seroquel and place you on the haldol for you schizophrenia . he flip through she file , review she history . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) and I also see here that you be currently take luvox for you ocd and ativan for anxiety . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 23 . elizabeth yes . dr . bowman and other than the side effect you mention , do you feel that this current combination of medication be work for you ? elizabeth no . I hate the ativan . it make I itchy . Dr. bowman look back down at she file . he be make note while read other . his eye remain in the file . Elizabeth begin petting '' something '' on the couch beside she . it 's subtle , understate but very real to she . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) and the haldol be not work either . I be still hearing voice almost every day . I feel like the luvox be the only thing work but it 's not 100 % . dr . bowman and do you tell all of this to Dr. Sanders ? Elizabeth be become visibly upset . elizabeth yes . dr . bowman and what do he say ? Dr. bowman look up at she . he notice the petting for the first time . elizabeth give it time . I do . it 's not work . Elizabeth catch herself petting . she become self - conscious , pull she hand away and clasp they tightly against she chest to keep they occupy . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) sorry . ( beat . ) sometimes I see raccoon . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 24 . she look toward the imaginary raccoon . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I can not help myself but pet they . I be really sorry . she look down , momentarily embarrassed . grant comfort she . Dr. bowman smile warmly . he make another note in she file , then lean forward - he tone reassure . dr . bowman it 's perfectly okay Elizabeth . you do not have to apologize to I for anything . mental illness do not need to be treat like a dirty secret . this be a safe environment . no one be go to judge you here . she look up at he . for the first time Elizabeth feel at ease in Dr. bowman 's presence . elizabeth I need a doctor who will listen to I . not just medicate I . her comment strike a cord . dr . bowman tell I a little about yourself Elizabeth . elizabeth umm , well . I be 30 and ... I ' be get marry soon . she smile and lean into grant . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I would like to get back to work but I want to make sure I be , you know , capable enough . dr . bowman what do you do ? elizabeth I be a book editor ... be . dr . bowman stressful work ? v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 25 . elizabeth it can be . you have to have all of you wit about you . you be be trust with editing someone 's work . so cut too deep or make the wrong edit would be bad . dr . bowman yes , I suppose that could be a challenge . they share a smile . grant so what do you think Doc ? elizabeth yes , what do you think ? dr . bowman ( reflective , yet confident . ) I think I can help you Elizabeth . base on you mental health history I believe with the proper combination of medication and psychotherapy you can have a significant improvement to you quality of life . give I a moment . Dr. bowman walk out of the office . Elizabeth look at grant . he give she a reassure smile . Dr. bowman return a moment later hold a sample of pill and a prescription pad . dr . bowman I be go to start you on something call invega . have you be on this before ? she shake she head no . he hand she the sample , take a seat and write in he prescription pad . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) I want to start you at a low dose . 3 milligram daily . that way we have room to go up . ( more ) v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 26 . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) and for the anxiety , even though itchiness be a highly unusual side effect associate with ativan , I want you to start take klonopin - once in the morning and once at night to help balance out the anxiousness . he hand she the prescription . Elizabeth manage a nervous smile . elizabeth okay . she stare at the prescription in she hand . dr . bowman I would like you to continue with the luvox but let 's increase the dose to 300 milligram per day . once in the morning and once at night , same as the klonopin . I believe this be a very good start . do you have any question for I ? grant look at Elizabeth . grant Babe ? you have any question for the Doctor ? she snap out of she daze - look up at grant . elizabeth no . Dr. bowman look at grant , then back to Elizabeth . dr . bowman okay then . i’1l see you next week for a follow up , okay ? Elizabeth bite she lip and rub she leg with both hand as if she be try to start a fire . she stand . so do grant . elizabeth okay . Dr. bowman stands . 15 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 27 . dr . bowman and do not hesitate to call I if you have any adverse side effect or if any other extreme behavior occur . grant like what ? int . - elizabeth 's live room - night 15 we be tight on Elizabeth 's face . total silence but then , the room begin to fill with the sound of a soft rumble . it sound like a train on track in the distance quickly approach . Elizabeth open she eye wide . she listen intently . a train horn blow . the train be get closer . she look around , then - elizabeth ( Soft but frantic . ) do you hear that ? do hear that ? do hear that ? do you hear that ? the sound of the train be grow louder - it 's very close now . Elizabeth 's face be fill with pure panic . she lay freeze on the sofa . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) the train be come . the train be come . the train be come . suddenly , the entire room be fill with the sound of a locomotive . Elizabeth leap up . her voice raise , try to shout above the train . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) the train be coming ! grant be jolted awake . he leap up but not before Elizabeth bolt into the kitchen . the camera follow tight behind she , through the kitchen out the other side and back into the live room in one - fluid movement . all the while she be frantically repeat , over and over and louder and louder - elizabeth ( cont ’d ) the train be come . the train be come . the train be come . 16 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 28. grant Elizabeth there 's no train . calm down . there 's no train . Elizabeth look around in a frantic state . she be desperately try to figure out which direction the train be come from . elizabeth the train grant . it 's so loud . she place she hand over she ear . grant be try he best to calm she down . grant Elizabeth ! listen to I . there 's no train . look at I ! look at I ! Elizabeth push he away and frantically scream - elizabeth get away from I ! get away ! the train be coming ! without think , grant slap Elizabeth across the face . everything goe dead quiet - except for they breathe . Elizabeth be in a daze from the slap . grant baby ... I be so sorry . I do not mean it . I do not mean it . I be so sorry . I do not know what else to do ... grant be panting . he look white as ghost - he be tremble . he embrace Elizabeth - fight back tear . her eye be empty . grant slowly rock she . they stand in complete silence . dissolve to : notebook - insert 16 close on the notebook : '' somebody get a ring ... '' CUT to : 17 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 29 . int . elizabeth 's bathroom - day 17 the camera be face the tile bathroom floor . the song , '' today I met the Boy I be go to marry '' by darlene Love be play . the camera glide across the floor , pan up the side of the bathtub , revealing - Elizabeth sit in the tub . it 's fill almost to the top . the expression on she face be blank . empty . her hair wet and pull back from she face . the camera move above she just as she slide into the tub submerging she entire head under the water . Elizabeth 's eye be wide open yet she appear lifeless . we continue to hear the song but it 's muffle . her hair dance around she face . she remain under the water for what feel like a eternity . she raise she head above the water , fold she knee to she chest wrapping she arm tightly around she leg - gripe they close . her face be rest on she knee , hide by she hair . the tip of Elizabeth 's hair gracefully touch the water - dance like a ballerina in a field of flower . she lift she head , extend she neck back like a giraffe . look upwards , toward the ceiling . her head back , she mouth open , she eye blood shot . grant ( 0.c. ) Babe ? the song stop ! Elizabeth turn she head , rest it on top of she knee . grant walk into frame sit down on the floor beside the tub . he lay he head down on the edge of the tub - he cheek squash , he eye sad . grant ( cont 'd ) you be in here a long time . grant push she hair out of she face , tucking it behind she ear . the camera follow as he finger tip glide with care . grant ( cont 'd ) can I get you anything ? 18 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 30 . Elizabeth shake she head ever so slightly . grant ( cont 'd ) do you take you pill ? Elizabeth nod . grant ( cont 'd ) okay . i’1l give you some space . she stare blankly . he reach to stroke she head but he hand stop just above it - tremble , before he retract it . grant stand and walk out . int . elizabeth 's live room - evening 18 Elizabeth be lay on the couch in sweat and a T-shirt , stare at the ceiling - in a daze . grant enter . he be sweat , hyper and excited . he kneel down beside she . grant get up . get dress . it 's December . her facial expression emanate she state of mind - wear out , run down , no sign of hope . elizabeth so ? grant I be jogging and I pass that empty lot on the corner and it 's fill with Christmas tree . let 's go buy one . Elizabeth could care less . elizabeth it do not feel like Christmas . grant be like a 10 year - old boy right now . grant it 's Los Angeles , it never feel like Christmas . come on . please ! let 's go , get up . she agree but only so he ’1ll shut up . 19 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 31 . elizabeth okay , okay . Elizabeth walk past grant , walk toward the bathroom . grant hurry up . he smack she on the ass as she walk past . despite herself , she smile as she walk out of frame . elizabeth ( 0.c. ) okay , okay , you be so annoying sometimes . grant smile , but it 's force . ext . christmas tree lot —- evening 19 grant and Elizabeth stroll through the lot , flanke by Christmas tree on either side of they . the only light be come from the strand of Christmas tree light that zigzag above the entire lot . we stay tight on grant and Elizabeth while they walk . other customer roam about but they be like a blur in the background . grant what kind of tree do you want ? Elizabeth shrug she shoulder . before grant can respond a little boy ( 5 ) , with the face of a cherub , run in front of grant and Elizabeth . he trip and fall . Elizabeth and grant quickly react , kneel down to pick he up . as he stand , the Boy brushes dirt and mulch off of himself . Elizabeth speak softly and lovingly . elizabeth be you okay ? she wipe a little dirt off he face . he nod . grant you gotta be more careful little man . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 32 . elizabeth where be you parent ? the Boy point in a unseen direction . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) okay , you better go stand by they . Elizabeth and grant stand up as the Boy run off . grant cute kid . elizabeth yeah . Elizabeth be quiet . her mind off somewhere else . grant hey , where have you go ? what be you think about ? elizabeth I do not know . ( beat . ) do you want kid ? grant have not really give it a lot of think . sure , I guess so . she take a long moment before look at he . elizabeth do you want to have kid with I ? grant who else would I be have they with ? elizabeth it 's just ... we never talk about it and with I be the way I be I be not sure if you would want to . grant well I guess since we be talk about it now - maybe you do not want to have kid with I ? he start to stroll away from she . she follow . elizabeth and why be that ? v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 grant I be quite the unpredictable kid . I get into a lot of trouble and fight . I even steal from the local store on the corner of my street . elizabeth you never tell I that you be a klepto . what would you steal ? grant candy bar . ( beat . ) everyday before school . Elizabeth smile . grant ( cont 'd ) so see . I think my gene might be worse than yours . elizabeth do not joke . he stop in he track - turn to she . grant we have to joke . if we do not we will both go insane . literally . she look away . he place he hand on she face . grant ( cont 'd ) and we kid be go to be awesome . they be go to be happy and healthy and beautiful - just like you . ( beat . ) and probably bratty like you too . elizabeth ( sarcastic . ) oh , yeah and what will they get from you ? grant my great smile and charm and let 's not forget my sexy . elizabeth ha , okay and you conceitedness too ? 20 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 34 . grant yep ! despite herself , Elizabeth smile . they walk in silence for a few step . elizabeth what if they end up like I ? sick . grant stop and grab Elizabeth - turn she to face he . grant listen to I . there be no one else I want to have a family with . I be prepare to share my life with you - the good and the bad . and there 's nothing we can not get past as long as we stick together . do you believe I ? she nod . grant ( cont 'd ) okay , come on . let pick out a tree . he take she hand and they walk out of frame . int . elizabeth 's live room - night 20 the tree light and a few candle be the only light in the room . Elizabeth sit on the couch in tight and a sweatshirt - she foot up on the coffee table . a glass of water anda bottle of anxiety medication sit on the table beside she foot . we be tight on the pill bottle as Elizabeth sit up . she open the bottle , take 2 pill and knock they back with water . grant be stand in front of the tree . it 's fully decorate . the song , '' dying for ya '' by August road be play under the scene . grant what do you think ? Elizabeth move to the floor next to a box fill with Christmas decoration . elizabeth it 's beautiful . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 35 . she mindlessly dig through the box . she remove some old , silver tinsel . grant this be we first tree together . a sad smile cross he face . grant ( cont 'd ) I wish I have a ring to go with it . elizabeth you know I do not care about that . she look at the silver tinsel . she rip a piece off , then twist it around she finger - hold it up . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) this be all I need . grant take a seat on the floor , scoot up behind she - wrapping he arm around she body . they be press tightly together , gaze up at the tree . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) grant ? grant yeah babe ? elizabeth thank you for today . for the tree , the decoration , the light ..- everything . grant of course , it 's my job . Elizabeth have she head down , look at the make shift ring - something be clearly on she mind . elizabeth ( softly . ) sometimes I wish I could runaway from myself . his eye remain look at the tree . grant you can not runaway from yourself . because then you have be run away from I . she seem to be talk to herself when she ask - v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 36 . elizabeth why do you love I so much ? grant continue to look straight ahead . grant ( reflective . ) do you remember the day after we first date when you call to ask I what color you eye be ? and without hesitation I say blue . you eye be blue . ( beat . ) I could hear you smile through the phone . when I ask you what that be all about you say that you would know when someone be really in love with you if they could remember the color of you eye after only one date . Elizabeth tilt she head , lean it onto grant 's chest . grant ( cont 'd ) that be the night you become my Elizabeth Blue . ( beat . ) I love you Elizabeth . grant and Elizabeth remain on the floor , lock in they embrace . the camera hold on they as we - dissolve to : int . elizabeth 's live room - night 21 grant be fast asleep on the couch . Elizabeth be sit on the floor beside he - the yellow note pad and pen be on the coffee table next to she anxiety pill and a glass of water . she gaze at the tree then turn she attention to the make shift , tinsel ring on she finger . she hold she hand up , admire the ring . Elizabeth appear peaceful , calm and relaxed , then - tim ( 0.c . ) ( Soft whisper . ) he 's never go to marry you . 22 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 37 . we have hear this voice before . Elizabeth eye shift to a tense panic . a chill come over she . she hear it again . it 's clearer this time . the tone be vindictive . tim ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth , do you hear what I say ? he 's never go to marry you . Elizabeth look toward the kitchen . she can see the silhouette of a man stand in the doorway . Elizabeth jump up . smash CUT to : int . elizabeth 's bathroom - night 22 Elizabeth frantically open a cabinet , pull out she pill case . her face be tense . her hand tremble . she hear the voice again . tim ( 0.c. ) get it into you thick head . he 's not go to marry you . Elizabeth jump - drop the pill case . she quickly pick it up . she close she eye , try to breath but be on the verge of hyperventilate . elizabeth you be not real . you be not real . you be not real . I be get better . you be not real . Tim 's voice become more menace , threaten even . he lash out but he tone be almost always calm . the camera jump around Elizabeth 's face . Tim 's voice seem to be everywhere . there be no escape it . tim ( 0.c . ) he do not want you . he pity you . he hate you . he think you be disgusting . he wish you would die . Elizabeth clenches she tooth , she voice strain , gut wrenching but internal - she be intentionally try not to make too much noise . 23 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 38 . elizabeth shut up ! you be not real ! she turn toward the bathroom sink , open she eye to reveal - tim stand in the bathroom behind she . her eye go wide with fear . she remain perfectly still as we reveal he for the very first time . Tim be handsome , well tailore , pale white skin with he hair neatly parte . he appear mannequin like . his sweater vest and perfectly knotted tie give he a dapper appearance . Tim be Elizabeth 's most vicious hallucination . he torment she . he tell she horrible thing and often speak to she like a child . she fear he but Elizabeth have be unable to escape he . she look right at he through the mirror . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) you be ...not ...real . she open she pill case - never take she eye off of Tim . she shake a pill into she hand . tim look at yourself . do you really think he want to marry you ? you be a mess . you be ruin he life . Elizabeth be tremble . she pop the pill into she mouth , dry swallow it and close she eye so hard it look painful . she talk to herself . elizabeth you be not real . you be not real . you be not real . we stay tight on she face . she start to calm down . she slowly open she eye . Tim be go . she look around to be sure . CUT to : int . elizabeth 's kitchen - night 23 Elizabeth , still rattle - approach the sink . she hold a glass under the faucet , turn it on . she fill the glass and drink every drop . she place the glass down and turn to find Tim right in front of she . she be startle - fall back against the wall but keep herself from scream . 24 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 39 . tim he have to watch you like a child . he look at you with pure repel . you be a charity case . elizabeth please stop . it 's not true . he love I . Tim have no mercy . he lean into she . his tone range from outright hateful , to scream , to sarcasm , to moment of what sound like a friend consol a love one . it 's unpredictable but it 's all focus on make Elizabeth feel horrible . tim how could he possibly love you ? you be pathetic . you can not even take care of yourself . what 's keep he here ? be it you disability check ? or maybe it 's this charming one- room apartment you be cramme into ? Elizabeth slide down the fridge . Tim take a seat beside she - never relenting . tim ( cont 'd ) oh wait , I know . maybe it 's the sex . but it can not be . when be the last time he be between you leg Elizabeth ? when be the last time you make he feel like a man instead of a damned baby -sitter ? Elizabeth begin to sob , do she best to hold it in . she crawl away from Tim , toward the live room . CUT to : int . elizabeth 's live room - night 24 Elizabeth crawl toward the couch , reach for grant to wake he up but Tim be there to cut she off . tim now be not that sweet . what be you go to do ? wake up you knight in shine armor and then what ? will he defend you honor and throw I out ? Tim yell with vengeance look directly in she eye . 25 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 40 . tim ( cont 'd ) look at I !!! Elizabeth grab a pillow from the couch - scramble to get away from he . she curl into the fetal position on the floor , pull the pillow over she head , while cover she other ear with she hand . tim ( cont 'd ) do you really buy that crap about he have kid with you ? that 's a bloody joke . why he feel the need to fill you head with such fairy tale be beyond I ? elizabeth that 's not true . he love I and I love he . Elizabeth leap from the floor , pillow in hand . jump CUT to : int . elizabeth 's closet - night 25 Elizabeth close herself inside the small closet . she throw herself into the corner - the pillow pull as tight against she chest as she can get it . Tim be in the closet , lean right into she face . he begin scream so intensely that spit fly from he mouth , onto she face . tim Love ? what do you know about love ? nothing . why you will not just put yourself and he out of all this misery be beyond I . he compose himself and lean back - sit in the opposite corner of the closet . his demeanor shift to calm and consol . tim ( cont 'd ) I have be tell you this for year , have not I ? you do not listen to I when I tell you to kill yourself when you be a teenager . you do not listen to I when I tell you to kill yourself in you twenty . ( more ) v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 41 . tim ( cont 'd ) time and time again I have be here , as a friend to tell you to end this life that 's really no life at all but instead of take my advice now you be mix up with this poor slob who do not know what 's in store for he . if you truly love he you would do he a favor , walk into the kitchen and slice open you throat . but you will not and do you know why ? because you be selfish and entitle . she defiantly stare back at he . her mind racing , overwhelm with emotion . elizabeth stop it . you be not real . tim I hate to be the one to tell you this Elizabeth but I be all you have . you can not trust anyone besides I . I be the only one who have ever tell you the truth . they be all against you . the doctor , you mother and even you sweet , precious grant most of all . I would not be surprised if he be secretly plane to leave you . Tim 's voice begin to fade into the background as we go inside Elizabeth 's mind . she close down - she eye begin to glaze over . a pierce ring begin to build . tim ( cont 'd ) do it . go to the kitchen , pull out the biggest knife you can find and just do it . end this hurt , end grant 's hurt . do not make he suffer anymore because of you selfishness ! do it ! at this point Tim 's voice have fade into the ringing . we hear nothing else as we linger tightly on Elizabeth 's face . she be lose , emotionless , she eye dead . Tim begin to chant . we do not have to hear he to see the full on hate and anger in he face . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 42 . tim ( cont 'd ) do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! Elizabeth look lose , trap . she begin to claw at the wall as if try to escape . several hanger and clothes fall on top of she . still no sound - just ringing but we can clearly make out what she be say . elizabeth leave I alone ! leave I alone ! Elizabeth 's face be stare straight ahead - the pillow hold tightly to she chest . we hold close on she . she be overwhelm with panic - cover she ear , try to make it all stop . then - as if someone flip a switch , we be back in normal SOUND . the ringing stop and we hear one heartfelt , desperate scream echo throughout the apartment . elizabeth ( cont'd ) stopppppppppppppp !!!!! grant call out from the other room . grant ( 0.c. ) Elizabeth ? Elizabeth where be you ? we hold on Elizabeth 's face . grant ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) elizabeth ??? elizabeth ( barely audible . ) I be in here . I be in here . the closet door open . grant immediately get as close as he can beside she inside the closet - embrace she . grant what happen baby ? tell I what happen ? Elizabeth be in hysterics but it 's all internalized . elizabeth I be ruin you life . I be ruin you life . I be ruin you life . she look straight ahead - grip the pillow . 26 27 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 43. grant no babe , you be not . I promise , you be not . elizabeth but Tim say ... grant Tim ? you hear Tim ? you know you can not listen to he . you know that . elizabeth help I ! please help I . I can not take it anymore . grant be at a lose for word . he simply hold she . the camera slowly pan away from they , into the bathroom . we hold on they in a wide shot as we - dissolve to : notebook - insert 26 close on the notebook : '' somebody get a chapel and a choir to sing ... '' CUT to : int . dr . bowman 's office - day 27 we be tight on Elizabeth 's face - so much so we do not know where she be . she be stare up . her complexion pale . her hair tie back in a loose sloppy ponytail . she look despondent - disconnect . the song , '' Green '' by August road begin to play . the camera pull back slowly until we reveal she sit on the couch in Dr. bowman 's office . she remain perfectly still - like a mannequin . the camera move toward she landing tight on she face where we begin , then pull out again . it continue to do this for the entire length of the song . back and forth . back and forth . a million thought race through she mind - tear begin to fill she eye . on the final wide frame the song end . Dr. bowman enter . he be hold she file . Elizabeth wipe she eye . he notice . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 44 , dr . bowman I be sorry for the delay Elizabeth . he take a seat across from she . elizabeth thank you for see I on such short notice . dr . bowman tell I what 's go on with you . elizabeth I be fall apart . ( she let 's out a uncomfortable laugh . ) emotionally , physically , mentally . I do not know which way to turn anymore . Dr. bowman open she file and take out a pen . dr . bowman what 's happen that have you so unsettle ? she be distraught - anxious . elizabeth I see Tim . it 's all she can muster up . the mere mention of he name terrify she . Dr. bowman look in she file , flip a few page . make a note . dr . bowman from what I see here it 's be some time since you have see or hear from that particular hallucination , be that correct ? she nod . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) how 's you depression and anxiety level ? elizabeth become more present . she look angst . she nod . she hold v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 45 . dr . bowman be there anything you be currently deal with in you life that may have trigger this recent incident ? elizabeth not really . my fiance move in and I have be try to plan we wedding . but , I be work on get better first . so it 's all perfect . up at he - she face one of pure desperation and elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I want it to all be perfect . dr . bowman we be talk about grant , correct ? Dr. bowman make a note in she file . elizabeth it have not be easy Dr. bowman . we be deal with all of my issue . we be live in a one room apartment . grant 's between job . we can not even afford a real ring . up she hand , revealing the tinsel make shift ring . he look at the ring , then to she . dr . bowman how much do you remember about last night ? elizabeth bit and piece . I know it be bad . dr . bowman be you alone ? elizabeth grant be there . dr . bowman be you hallucinate now ? elizabeth no. v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 46 . dr . bowman be you have suicidal thought ? elizabeth no. dr . bowman do you think you be a danger to yourself ? elizabeth no. dr . bowman how about to anyone else ? elizabeth no , I mean , other than drive grant out of he mind , I would not say he 's in any danger . he look up at she - place down the file on the coffee . dr . bowman Elizabeth , I need you to listen to I very carefully and try to understand what I be about to say , okay ? she nod . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) the best thing you can do be ignore the voice and hallucination at all cost . do not make friend with they , do not talk to they , do not even acknowledge they . even if they be nice to you . she turn away , drift off into think . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) we do not want you to engage with any of the hallucination . it could potentially worsen you state of mind . she drift off in the distance as she listen . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) I understand how real this hallucination might feel when they be happen , but they be not . ( more ) 28 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 47 . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) and you need to do you best to try and tune they out . turn the television up extra loud . listen to music with headphone on . call someone . anything at all to try and distract yourself until the episode pass . Elizabeth stare out the window at nothing in particular . elizabeth do you know how scary it be when you do not know when life be real ? sometimes I feel like I be curse . like I be live in a bad dream that I can not wake up from . my relationship be suffer . he say it 's not . grant say everything be okay and that we will get through this together but I do not know if I believe he . I want to . intercut to : ext . park -— day 28 grant be jogging through a local park . the sky be cloudy . he be deep in think . the scene being to intercut between grant and Dr. bowman 's Office . we continue to hear Elizabeth and Dr. bowman talk while we stay on grant jogging . elizabeth ( 0.c . ) sometimes I think it would be better if he leave I . so he could have a real life and family and not have to deal with I - day in and day out . ( beat . ) I do not want he to stop loving I because of this . but I do not want to ruin he life either . grant 's face be fill with emotion . it 's like he can hear what they be say . dr . bowman ( 0.c. ) Elizabeth ... love be a very strong emotion . it 's not something that can be force or create out of thin air . some people believe we can even teach other to love we . 29 30 31 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 48. grant begin to pick up he pace . intercut to : int . dr . bowman 's office - day 29 close on Elizabeth 's face . she stare longingly out the window . go further into she own thought . dr . bowman Love be something that can only come naturally . it find we when we be ready for it but only after we have learn to love ourselves . intercut to : ext . park -— day 30 grant continue to run . his emotion grow stronger and more present on he face . dr . bowman ( 0.c. ) Love be not a dream we should be afraid of waking up from either . Real love , unconditional love be possibly we great achievement as human being . but it 's also often the most illusive . grant continue to run . his pace steady and fast . his face fill with tear . dr . bowman ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) because of that , we can often find ourselves cling to we idea of love . we perception of it . the faster grant run the harder he tear fall . as grant pick up he pace he begin to sob uncontrollably . intercut to : int . dr . bowman 's office - day 31 the camera move closer and closer to Elizabeth 's face . she be overwhelm by Dr. bowman 's word . 32 33 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 49 . dr . bowman but when we find love ... true love , it come with unconditional circumstance . and a love like that can not be break by anything , include mental illness . intercut to : int . park — day 32 grant come to a sudden stop . he be out of breath . he double over brace he hand against he knee to keep from fall to the ground - deep sob take over he body . dr . bowman ( 0.c . ) it can only make the love you share stronger . we hold on grant - overwhelm with emotion , then - intercut to : int . dr . bowman 's office - day 33 Elizabeth continue to stare out the window . her face appear calm . she look back at he with a smile yet behind the smile she sadness shine through . elizabeth thank you Dr. bowman . I understand . she take a moment , then - elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I do want to get better . and stay better and not feel afraid anymore . dr . bowman that 's a very good start Elizabeth . the fact that you desire to get well mean you be a fighter and that you be not go to let this illness overcome you . life be about choice and you have to choose for yourself . Elizabeth nod and smile at Dr. bowman . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) okay let take a look at where we can go from here in term of medication and dosage . Dr. bowman open she file . DR. bowman ( cont 'd ) now , I need you to be honest with I . be you skip dose ? elizabeth none at all . dr . bowman good . 50 . Dr. bowman look through he file compare medication and dosage for a few moment . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) I be go to prescribe a drug call saphris . it 's a dissolvable tab that come in 5 and 10 milligram dose . it can be very effective and be generally well tolerate . the camera stay on Elizabeth as Dr. bowman continue to talk . she gaze off again . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) this particular medication will not only help you get a full night sleep , which could combat some of the depression and anxiety but if you be have a episode , similar to the one you experience last night , you can place a tab under you tongue and it can work quickly to diminish the voice , hallucination and intrusive thought . the main down side be it could make you very sleepy so it 's best to take it at night just before bed . elizabeth it sound too good to be true . the camera push closer and closer to Elizabeth . her face , for the first time , appear to be fill with hope . 34 35 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 51 . dr . bowman I feel good about this current regime of medication . I want to see you back here in a week . keep you head up and call the office with any concern or if you feel you need to see I sooner . elizabeth ( she smile . ) thank you Dr. bowman . int . dr . bowman 's lobby - day 34 Elizabeth walk into the lobby . grant be wait on the sofa . he stand when he see Elizabeth and walk toward she . elizabeth I think you say you could not make it ? grant I think you say it be important ? sorry I be late . Elizabeth gleam with joy . they walk toward the door . in the corner of Elizabeth 's eye she notice a bridal magazine sit on the coffee table . she walk over and pick it up . close on the cover : '' how to pick the right chapel , wedding song & much more ! '' she quickly tuck it under she arm . grant and Elizabeth leave . dissolve to : notebook - insert 35 close on the notebook : '' somebody get a organ to play ... '' CUT to : 36 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 52 . int . elizabeth 's kitchen - day 36 Elizabeth be stand in the kitchen in front of the counter . on the counter in front of she be the note pad , house key , bridal Magazine and she pill case . next to she pill case we can also see a packet of saphris . she pick up the square plastic case the pill be enclose in . she mindlessly twirl it between she finger . she take out a glass and fill it in the sink . she open she pill case , empty the daily dose into she hand and quickly knock they back with the glass of water . she turn , hold the glass . her body lean against the sink as she take another swig of water . grant call out . grant ( 0.c. ) Babe ? Elizabeth be stare at the floor , lose in think . elizabeth yeah . grant walk into the kitchen . he stand in front of she , place he hand on the counter on either side of she . grant you okay ? she nod as she take another swig of water . elizabeth I just want to try and decompress a little - read my magazine . grant ( playful . ) you mean the one you steal ? elizabeth ( sarcastic . ) shut up . I do not steal it . ( beat . ) I borrow it . grant smile . he lean in - kissing she neck several time . grant be someone get excited about wedding stuff ? v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 53 . elizabeth I do not know , maybe ? he pull back , look at she . grant well I like it . it give I hope . elizabeth how so ? grant I do not know . the kind that make we future look full of experience , full of memory ... grant look deep into she eye , use he finger to push she hair to the side - tucking it behind she ear . grant ( cont 'd ) full of life . grant touch she lip with he index finger . he run he finger across she bottom lip . Elizabeth close she eye and bite she lip . grant ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l see you a little later . she open she eye . a slight panicked tone to she voice - elizabeth where be you go ? grant I be go to go for a run . elizabeth do not you go on a run earlier ? he walk backwards toward the door . grant what can I say ? you read bridal magazine to decompress and I go for jog . elizabeth ( under she breath . ) okay . we hear the apartment door close . Elizabeth continue to stand in the kitchen . she turn to the stove , pick up she tea pot and fill it . 37 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 54 . she place the pot on the stove and turn it on . she walk through the kitchen and into the bathroom . the camera follow she like a shadow . int . elizabeth 's bathroom - day 37 Elizabeth enter she bathroom , turn on the light . the hum of the light bulb fill the room . she get lose for a moment , stare at herself in the mirror . something be not right . she look down at the floor . from she Pov - sit on the floor beside the toilet be a raccoon . she immediately look back at herself in the bathroom mirror . a slight smile cross she face . she be try to hold back she tear . she speak to the raccoon ( and herself ) in the mirror . her tone soft , as if she be tell the raccoon a secret . elizabeth I know you be not real . I do . and I want you to know that this will probably be the last time I pet you . ( she look down at the floor . ) you see , the doctor give I some new pill and I be go to try they real soon and when I do , I will not see you anymore . Elizabeth kneel down . the camera pan around she . she be make the petting motion but it 's clear nothing be there . she take a deep breath and stand - lean she hand on the edge of the sink , she eye close tight . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) there 's nothing there . Elizabeth take another deep breath , turn the faucet on , bend over and splashes water on she face several time . it 's definitely a ocd moment . after about the 5th time she stand straight up , look into the mirror . the water drip from she face - she stare at herself for a long moment before look down at the floor again . she do not see the raccoon anymore . she reach for a towel - dry she face , softly patting it . her hair be wet from all the splash . 38 39 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 55 . she hold she hair high above she head , see how she would look with it short . she pose several way as she look at herself in the mirror . she be have a childlike good time with herself - almost forget where she be . the tea pot scream like a siren , snap she back to reality . Elizabeth leave - turn off the bathroom light . int . - elizabeth 's kitchen - day 38 Elizabeth shut off the burner and move the tea pot to a cool burner . she walk over to the cabinet and grab herself amug . she place it on the counter next to the stove and pour she tea . she open the refrigerator door - she gaze become sharp and steady . a calmness appear on she face . int . elizabeth 's live room - day 39 Elizabeth sit down at the table . she reach around she head with she right hand pull she hair over she right shoulder , twirling it between she finger as she flip through she magazine . her expression be full of life . her eye expressive and responsive to the many different dress she could wear . her finger glide over the picture as if she be actually touch the material of the gowns . the camera be tight on Elizabeth 's face . her eye be full of daydream . she be deep in think . knock ! knock ! knock ! Elizabeth be startle out of she daydream . she walk toward the door cautiously . knock ! knock ! elizabeth grant ? do you forget you key ? we hear a familiar voice from the other side of the door . carol ( 0.c . ) it 's you mother , Elizabeth . open the door . elizabeth one , sec ... v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 56 . Elizabeth hesitates for a moment . anxiety riddle through she body . a visible chill cause she to tremble slightly . Elizabeth look down at she hand - they be shaking . she clenches they into fist then shake she hand and arm loose to release some of the tension . she take a deep breath - compose herself . she open the door . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) Mom , what be you do here ? stand in the doorway be Elizabeth 's mother - carol , in she 50 's and well put together but there be a hint of a '' past '' she can not quite shake off no matter how expensive she outfit be . Carol immediately stroll in . Elizabeth close the door behind she . carol I take a ride up for the day with you stepfather . he have some business . I think I would stop by and surprise you . elizabeth yes , well , I be surprised . Carol be hold a pair of thin , black leather glove . her demeanor be cold , judgemental , like a woman who have be wronge time and time again . Elizabeth 's eye be lock onto she mother . her mere presence make Elizabeth uptight . as Carol enter the apartment , she trench coat seem to glide with grace and ease behind she . Carol look around - she face clearly express disapproval of everything she see , include Elizabeth 's appearance . Carol 's salon - style hair bounce with every move she make . she open she handbag place she glove inside before sit down on Elizabeth 's sofa - all in one smooth movement . she place she bag on the floor to the right of she . Carol lean back and cross she leg . the entire time Elizabeth stand there , in silence , like a child wait for permission to speak . if there be ever a trigger for Elizabeth 's mental breakdown we be witness it first hand . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 57 . on the outside , Carol appear put together , confident and determine . on the inside she be a hot bed of depression , anxiety and sorrow but keep up appearance be always Carol 's number one concern . she look at Elizabeth with a cold , tight smile but under it all be a underlying layer of love - deep within she . Elizabeth be become increasingly nervous , anxious and fidgety . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) so ...can I get you anything ? carol no , I be fine . ( look around . ) be you ... alone ? elizabeth ( defensive . ) what do that mean ? carol nothing . I be simply wonder if anyone be '' here '' ? Elizabeth 's tone become soft but not forgive . elizabeth no . carol what about grant ? elizabeth no , he go for a jog . carol ( awkward beat . ) you hair get long again . Elizabeth pull at she hair like a child . elizabeth I know . I be actually think about cut it . Carol look at Elizabeth with somewhat of a heartfelt smile . she lean forward . carol no . do not do that . you look so beautiful . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 58 . Carol stand and walk toward Elizabeth . she reach for she daughter 's face with she hand . Elizabeth close she eye and reopen they , look at she mother like a little girl . for a split second she let she guard down , become vulnerable . elizabeth hi mommy . carol hi lizzy . Elizabeth make a face . elizabeth Mom , you know I hate it when you call I lizzy . just when we think this will be a tender moment , Carol pull back from Elizabeth - she tone shifting to judgemental . carol what happen to you ? you look like a corpse ! put on some damn makeup . when be you go to get out of this slump , stop suck up State disability and get back into world for Christ sake Elizabeth ? Carol reference the small desk with the book and manuscript . Elizabeth quickly realize that this be the same , nasty woman she have always know . she tense up . elizabeth slump ? I see you be still in denial Mom . Carol ignore she - glance at the Christmas tree in the corner of the room . she look at it with disgust . carol a Christmas tree ? we be jewish Elizabeth ! Elizabeth try very hard to stay calm . they conversation be fill with a lifetime of resentment and unspoken feeling . that be about to change . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 elizabeth no , you be jewish Mom . daddy be Catholic and so be grant and we happen to like Christmas . Carol be furious but calm . carol do not you dare bring up you good for nothing Father to I . clearly you forget who raise you after he walk out on we . I guess that 's to be expect of someone who 's too busy play make believe she whole life to really know what 's go on in the world around she . the camera start to move around the room as they argue . the movement be unsettle . Elizabeth do not back down . she stare at Carol . elizabeth no Mom , I do not forget . how could I ? you always remind I of what a terrific single parent you be . tell I again how you do the best you could with what you be give ? the back and forth argue become vicious . every word be mean to cut deep . it 's the kind of argument that make you want to cover you ear and hide when you be a small child while listen to you parent fight . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) and you think that 's what this be ? make believe ? ( beat . ) I would tear off my skin if I think I would not have to play make believe anymore . carol ( dismissive . ) call it what you want . I say it 's make believe . I do and I always think you be full of it Elizabeth . you always want attention and this be you way of get it . ( she pace back and forth like a cage rat . ) and you know something ? I do do my best . ( more ) v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 60 . carol ( cont 'd ) do you think it be easy deal with day to day worry after you Father leave ? no job , no car , no money ... Elizabeth raise she voice , cut Carol off . elizabeth no man ! I hate to break it to you Mom but you '' best '' be the only thing that 's make believe here . carol what do that mean ? elizabeth nothing except for the fact that maybe you forget to ask some question . carol to who , Elizabeth ? you ? what be you even talk about ? elizabeth yes Mom , someone who ask they child about what 's maybe go on inside they head . a parental figure would have be nice . you know someone who worried about they kid but what the hell would you know about that ? you be so wrap up in own you need you could not be bother by my suffer . but then again , how could you when all you do be coat you own issue with pill anda cheap bottle of chardonnay . Elizabeth move closer to she mother . we have never see she so confident . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) or be it something stronger this day ? by the smell on you breath I have say Jack and Coke ? Carol stare at Elizabeth . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) what ? be I right ? be I ? it 's okay , you can tell I . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 61 . Carol 's expression be a combination of hurt and rage . she walk to she purse , remove a gold cigarette case . she open it , take out a cigarette , close the case and tap the cigarette on it . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) do not smoke in my apartment . Carol throw the case back into she purse . carol oh , okay . and who help pay for this apartment ? Elizabeth hate this . carol ( cont 'd ) you think you disability check cover all of you expense ? between this place and the extra health insurance you need to cover that fancy Doctor appointment , that what , it magically pay for itself ? hmm ? and how dare you ? you be go to point you finger at I ? ( seethe . ) be you ? Carol 's emotion get the best of she - she voice fill with rage with every word she utter . carol ( cont 'd ) you be the reason you Father walk out on we to begin with . this hit Elizabeth hard but she try not to show it . carol ( cont 'd ) all you neurosis and fit . not to mention you consistent cry like a rotten brat ! oh how I want to slap you so many time but I do not . I should have . Lord know . I know you Father want too . I bet he would of beat you within a inch of you life if he have stay one more day . it might of do you some good . now look at yourself . can you see now ? that 's why Elizabeth , that 's why he leave and never look back . you ! Elizabeth be look down at the floor . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 62 . elizabeth ( thoughtful beat . ) you can not keep blame I . do you think because I be only six when he leave that I do not remember ? oh I remember Mom . she look up at Carol . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I remember you mood swing and scream fit . I remember you sit at the kitchen table smash he watch with a hammer . Carol be surprised that Elizabeth recall this memory . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I remember you tear apart we live room furniture in a fit of rage . do you forget about all that ? you must of . it 's easy to see what you want to see but that 's why he walk out on we . carol ( defensive . ) keep tell yourself that Elizabeth . you 'il start to believe it . you always lie to make I look like the bad person . when it be always you just look for attention . elizabeth that 's right Mom . you continue to live in that fairy tale world where you hair do not move but maybe one day you 's 1ll wake up and realize that blame I be always you answer . that way you have never have to take responsibility for any of you action . Carol look away . Elizabeth notice a look of dismay and maybe a under layer of sadness . Carol try she hardest not to let it show . she struggle but maintain herself and she dignity . her voice crack slightly as she respond to she daughter . carol action ? v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 63 . elizabeth ( calm but fill with emotion . ) yes ... you action . not only with you psychotic behavior toward daddy but you neglect toward I . you think I enjoy come home from school and you not be there because you be on another date ? constant man in and out of the house as you take application for a new husband ? specifically one that have a checkbook to balance you unqualified need as a wife and mother . ( beat . ) all you have to do be love I after daddy leave . but instead you sit high and mighty on you pedestal look down at I with disgust for all my problem and mental issue . you think they come out of nowhere or I make they up ? the truth Mom ... ( she look right at she . ) they stem from you . not only from the dysfunctional childhood you give I after daddy walk out , on you ... not I , but from you own issue that you continue to ignore and instead choose to self medicate . but you know what ? you be not go to make I feel bad about myself anymore . I know I be a mess but at least I be try to fix myself . I have a amazing Doctor and I have grant who be by my side and love I unconditionally with every break down I have . he hold I when I be in pain . he comfort I when I be suffer . he 's all I need . ( beat . ) there come a time when you have to say enough . we might be mother and daughter but I do not need you to take care of I , or be my mother .».. or even my friend . Carol look like she have see a ghost . she be pale and speechless . her entire tone change . carol Elizabeth , listen to I . we can not leave thing this way . if we do ... v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 64 . elizabeth Mom , thing have always be this way between we . I love you but we both know it . Elizabeth point back and forth with she finger . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) this ? what we have ... it 's nothing good . it never be . Carol stand there , unable to move or speak . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) you should go . you new husband need you . you life need you . I do not need you . or you pity . or you judgment . or you money . Carol look at she . she know she be right . without another word , she walk toward the sofa , pick up she handbag and walk to the door . she stand there for a moment , wait for Elizabeth to say something . without look back Carol open the door , exit and close it softly behind she - she be go . Elizabeth walk over to the sofa and sit down . she place she elbow on she knee , she head down , she face cover with she hand . Elizabeth lean back on the sofa , grab a throw pillow and place it on she lap . she play 's with the zipper on the pillow absentmindedly . she look straight ahead at nothing in particular . she close she eye . we hold on she face . Times speed up . the SUN go down , the apartment grow dark . we come back to normal time and speed . Elizabeth open she eye . grant walk in . Elizabeth reach over and turn on the lamp . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) hey . grant sit on the couch beside she . grant hey . ( he take she in . ) what 's wrong ? you have a episode ? the song , scene . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 65 . elizabeth no , I be fine actually . ( beat . ) my Mom be here . grant here ? like in the apartment here ? elizabeth yep ! grant when ? elizabeth she show up about 20 minute after you leave . grant and ? elizabeth we say what we have to say . where be you for so long ? grant I lose track of time , who care . Elizabeth , tell I what happen ? elizabeth it 's over grant . it 's be over for a long time . I put the last nail in the coffin and say everything I need to say . so do she . ( beat . ) I feel like I get closure , real closure . go all the way back to when I be a kid . be that possible ? grant ( thoughtful beat . ) sometimes we hold onto thing we know be not good for we because we be afraid of what will happen if we let go . but when we finally do it 's like a weight off we chest and then we be truly free . it 's a good thing . trust I . ( beat . ) I be sorry I be not here . '' fever '' by starsailor begin to play under the v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 66 . elizabeth it 's better you be not . I do not know if I would of be able to say everything I want to say with you here . she hurt I so many time over the year but never fully understand what she be do . it be always about she . now it have to be about I . ( she look at he . ) about we . he lean into she - kissing she . grant you be amazing . elizabeth ( playful yet honest . ) you smell . he pull away , smell he armpit . grant I be gonna take a shower . he get up , start walk backwards . he take off he shirt - throw at she . his chest and arm be cover with several tattoos . grant ( cont 'd ) ( flirtatious . ) you should join I . Elizabeth smile . elizabeth ( playful . ) why Mr. o’neil , what kind of girl do you think I be ? grant a naughty one , I hope . see you in five ? grant walk out we frame leave Elizabeth on the couch with a huge grin on she face . it 's the first time we have see she smile like this . a moment later she spring from the sofa toward the bathroom . CUT to : 40 4l 42 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 67 . int . elizabeth 's bathroom - night 40 the camera move up the side of grant and Elizabeth 's naked body in the shower . the song continue to play . they kiss - it 's tender yet passionate . she turn , press tightly against he body . he embrace she as the water cascade down they . they embrace in a way that only the deep of lover do . we be tight on they as we slowly fade and - dissolve to : notebook - insert 4l close on the notebook : '' somebody get a preacher ... '' CUT to : ext . STREET - day 42 Elizabeth and grant walk down the street . she walk with she arm cross , hold herself with she head down . she be fight against she anxiety and lose . grant hey , what 's go on with you ? you look tense . you be about to try on wedding dress . I think you be excited ? elizabeth I be excited . it 's just my anxiety . Elizabeth and grant stop at the street corner wait for the walk signal to come on . grant rub she back with he hand softly caress she shoulder . the walk signal come on and they cross the street . grant do you remember to take you klonopin ? Elizabeth shake she bag . we hear the pill rattle . 43 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 68 . grant ( cont 'd ) good girl . you know what ? elizabeth what ? grant take out you pill . she look at he oddly but take the pill bottle out . grant ( cont 'd ) now shake 's they again ! elizabeth shake what , my pill ? grant ( do a playful shimmy . ) yeah . shake 's they , like maraca ! she manage a smile . she open the bottle , take out a pill , dry swallow it and put the bottle back in she bag . elizabeth you be so stupid . I hate you . grant make you smile do not I ? Elizabeth snarl at he . grant ( cont 'd ) ( playful , even teasing ) and you do not hate I . you love I . she roll she eye as they continue to walk down the street . ext . bridal shop - day 43 grant and Elizabeth approach the bridal shop . elizabeth this be it . a beautiful coy pond fountain be to the leave of the door . from the outside , it look like a brick cottage - very high end . grant take it in . grant look ... expensive . Elizabeth gush like a little girl . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 69 . elizabeth I know . I find it in that bridal magazine . grant muster up a smile even though he know they can not afford this . grant do you want I to come in with you ? elizabeth no , I will be fine . besides it 's bad luck for you to see I in a dress . grant caress she cheek . grant I doubt I see you in a dress be go to be a tragedy . elizabeth it 's the superstitious side of I . besides , we do not need anything else for I to obsess over , now do we ? grant throw he hand up in surrender . grant enough say . no see you in the dress before the big day . she take a deep breath . elizabeth okay I be go in . grant I nil meet you back here in a hour . she nod nervously . he kiss she . grant ( cont 'd ) you be gonna to be fine . get in there . have fun . grant kiss she again and leave . Elizabeth watch he walk away . she take another deep breath and walk into the bridal shop . 44 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 70 . int . bridal shop - day 44 Elizabeth enter the shop . the store be small yet warm and welcoming . it 's even more beautiful inside . Elizabeth be a tad overwhelm but excited at the same time . she take it all in . the shop be elegant with vintage touch , from a beautiful old chandelier , hand paint wall and mahogany cabinet , which bring warmth to the build in closet line with wedding dress hold perfectly in place by feminine , white padded hanger . several glass counter top encase accessory . Elizabeth feel like dream . her face beam . she let of dress as - jane ( 0.c. ) hello . Elizabeth turn , revealing - jane ( 35 ) , slender , beautiful and slip dress and flat - a cardigan antique wedding she have step into a she hand drift across a row classy wear a little drape over she shoulder . she be charming , soft speak and attentive . she approach Elizabeth , extend she perfectly , manicure hand . elizabeth hi . they shake hand . jane you must be my two o'clock . elizabeth yes , I be . I be Elizabeth . jane hi Elizabeth , I be Jane . so nice to meet you . welcome to we little shop . elizabeth thank you . it 's nice to meet you too . you boutique be beautiful . ( take in Jane . ) and you be so pretty . Elizabeth pull at she clothing - place . suddenly feel out of 45 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 71 . jane oh , well be not you sweet . thank you . Elizabeth be instantly at ease . she reply with nothing more than a shy smile . jane ( cont 'd ) be you shopping alone today or will anyone be join you ? elizabeth no , just I . I send my fiance away . he will be back in a hour to pick I up though . jane wonderful . that 's plenty of time . and it 's always better when the man show up at the alter and not in the fitting room . at least that 's my opinion . Elizabeth smile . jane ( cont 'd ) can I offer you something to drink ? elizabeth no , thank you . I be fine . Jane gently place she hand on Elizabeth 's back , while extend she other hand - welcoming she into the shop . jane well , okay then . let get start and see if we can find you a dress . Elizabeth look around be pure joy and wonderment as they stroll out of frame . dissolve to : ext . bridal shop - day 45 grant be lean against the fountain . he notice Elizabeth walk out of the shop . Jane be stand in the doorway . elizabeth thank you for you help Jane . all of the dress be so beautiful . ( more ) v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 72 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I just need a little more time to think about it . jane of course . it be my pleasure . you look gorgeous in so many of they . but it 's a big decision and no bride - to - be should ever rush into buy a dress . so as soon as you be ready , you come back and see I . Elizabeth appear slightly embarrassed . elizabeth I also need some time to save a little more money too . Jane give she a warm smile . jane stay right there . Jane go back into the store . Elizabeth turn toward grant , give he a shrug . Jane come back to the door . she be hold a piece of paper that appear to be tear from a notebook . jane ( cont 'd ) now I do not want to be presumptuous but if you have not decide on who be go to marry you , this be the number to a wedding chaplain . they be really wonderful and they work with all kind of budget . she hand the paper to Elizabeth . Elizabeth be deeply touch by this gesture . elizabeth thank you Jane . ( beat . ) oh , where be my manners . I would love to introduce you to my fiance . Elizabeth turn to grant . grant look at Elizabeth , taping at he wrist indicate he be in a hurry . Jane look to where grant be then back to Elizabeth . Elizabeth seem disappointed . she turn back to Jane . 46 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 73. elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I have to go . thank you again for be so wonderful . Elizabeth reference the piece of paper . Jane give she a warm smile . jane my pleasure . good luck sweetheart . Elizabeth and grant walk down the street together . ext . STREET - day 46 Elizabeth and grant walk quietly down the street . she be lose in think . grant so ....? how do it go ? she shrug . grant ( cont 'd ) do not find anything you love ? her response be short . elizabeth I do , a few . he look at she . grant what 's with the attitude ? Elizabeth stop , turn to he . elizabeth why be you rude to Jane ? he 's catch off guard by the question . grant what ? I be not rude . I just want to get go . Elizabeth 's eye strain . she rub she temple . a soft ringing inside she head begin . grant 's voice turn to a echo - like one you would hear inside a immense tunnel . we stay on Elizabeth . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 74 . grant ( cont 'd ) just because I do not jump for joy to meet the woman who be help you look for a wedding dress do not mean I be be rude . she look dizzy . the ringing turn to a subtle but steady piercing sound . Elizabeth reach into she purse , take out a pill , pop it into she mouth and swallow . grant ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth ... what 's wrong ? she look up at he - rub she temple . everything suddenly stop . her head clear . elizabeth I be fine . grant be you sure ? elizabeth it be just a headache . grant have you eat ? maybe you be hungry . elizabeth yeah , maybe . grant let go eat . what be you in the mood for ? elizabeth chinese ? he give she a warm smile . grant deal . Elizabeth 's phone buzy . she reach into she pocket , remove she phone , look at it . elizabeth damn . grant what ? 47 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 75 . elizabeth I almost forget I have a appointment with Dr. bowman at 3:30 . she immediately become manic - rambling to herself ina nervous manner . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) ( Manic , mumble ) I do not want to be late . I do not want to be late grant . I do not want to be late . grant place he hand on she shoulder to calm she down . grant it 's no big deal . it 's only 3:00 and he office be just a few block from here . we can walk it . you will make it . do not get nervous . she nod . grant ( cont 'd ) and this be exactly why man create cell phone so we can set reminder to remind ourselves of the thing we need to be remind of . elizabeth you sound like Dr. seuss . grant ( remove he beanie . ) that 's I , you personal cat ina hat . she manage a smile . he take she hand and they walk down the street . int . dr . bowman 's hallway - day 47 grant and Elizabeth be stand in the hallway just outside Dr. bowman 's office lobby door . a sign on the door read : bowman psychiatric group . grant do you want I to come in with you ? elizabeth no , I get this . I be okay . 48 49 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 76 . grant take she in . grant I have to admit , the last few day you definitely seem different . she 's not sure how to take that . grant ( cont 'd ) I mean it in a good way . you look ..- better . she think about this . elizabeth I be work on it . he lean in - kiss she forehead . grant I will wait for you to get home to order the chinese food . elizabeth K. he walk backwards out of frame . she take a deep breath - turn to the door , she eye look at the sign . dissolve to : notebook - insert 48 close on the notebook : '' somebody get a cake ... '' CUT to : int . dr . bowman 's office - day 49 Elizabeth be sit across from Dr. bowman . she fumble with the piece of paper that Jane give she . dr . bowman you be look well , Elizabeth . elizabeth thank you . I feel good Dr. bowman . the best I can remember in a long time actually . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 77 . dr . bowman that 's wonderful to hear . have you have anymore hallucination since we last session ? elizabeth just one . I see a raccoon in my bathroom . but it pass quickly . dr . bowman that 's good news . that tell I the invega be work . how 's you anxiety be ? elizabeth come and go . I have a pretty bad argument with my mother the other day . we say a lot of horrible thing to each other . dr . bowman I be sorry to hear that . elizabeth do not be . I think it help I get past some stuff , clear my mind . dr . bowman well , good . sometimes confront something or someone who have be a source of stress in we life can often help we deal with we other issue . Dr. bowman notice the piece of paper . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) what do you have there ? elizabeth I go shopping for wedding dress today . I do not find one but the shop keeper be lovely and she give I the number for a wedding chaplain . dr . bowman that be nice of she . he stand , walk to he desk . he return with she file . he be make a note . v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 78 . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) so other than the raccoon and some anxiety , you have not have any other episode ? elizabeth no . and thing with grant have be much better . that feel I be have about he leave I pass . dr . bowman that 's good . and have you be take the saphris ? elizabeth no , not yet . I have not feel like I need too . like you say , I guess the invega must be work . dr . bowman I be sure that it be but I have like you to take a saphris tonight . 10 milligram . elizabeth ( concerned . ) 10 ? but I think you say that be for extreme circumstance . dr . bowman that 's correct but it 's also preventative . consider the occurrence with Tim be fairly recent follow by the argument with you mother , I would rather be safe than sorry . this type of situation can often cause a relapse due to stress . why not nip it in the bud now ? he smile a re-assure smile . she gaze up at the window . elizabeth nip it in the bud ? yes , I like that idea . Elizabeth take a deep breath , stand , walk to the door , stop - she turn to he . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) ( heartfelt . ) thank you Doctor bowman . thank you for everything . 50 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 79 . dr . bowman it 's my pleasure Elizabeth . you be a bright , warm young woman and I want note more than to help you get back to live a full , productive life . I have like you to call I tomorrow afternoon to tell I how you be feel after take the saphris , okay ? she nod , she smile tight . her expression one of uncertainty . int . elizabeth 's live room - night 50 Elizabeth enter . the only light in the apartment be come from the Christmas tree and a large cupcake sit on the coffee table with a single candle stick out of the top . she close the door , walk to the coffee table and squat down . she stare at the cupcake , she eye transfix by the candle . we be tight on she face . the glow from the candle light illuminate she face . elizabeth what 's this for ? she glance up . we follow she eye to grant . he be sit across from she . grant happy one Year anniversary . she stare at the cupcake . grant ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong babe ? she nod , look up - she eye teary . elizabeth I forget . I do not get you anything . grant I do not care about that . and besides , with everything that 's be go on ... elizabeth we can not keep make excuse for I because of my mental health . 51 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 80 . grant do not respond . he simply look at she , he eye fill with sadness while she eye remain fix on the candle . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) ( sotto . ) I can not believe I forget . I be nothing without you . the camera hold on they - frame perfectly on the floor , the candle light from the cupcake flicker between they face as they sit quietly . int . elizabeth 's bathroom - night 51 Elizabeth be stand in front of the mirror . she look despondent for a moment . she open she pill case , downs the content , turn on the sink faucet , bring she lip to the water and drink . she stand , tilting she head back , swallow the pill . grant ( 0.c . ) you come to bed babe ? elizabeth yeah in sec . she reach for something . we can see she be hold the saphris pill case . she twirl it in she hand for a moment before slide one out . she tear the tin silver cover pill from the pack and open it . the pill be white , flat and chalky in appearance . and with that , she place the tab under she tongue . we hold on she face . she make a contort face while the pill dissolves . she shake both she hand in a fast yet steady pace as if that will somehow make the pill go down easier . it 's finally dissolve . she rinse she mouth out under the faucet and look at the White plastic sleeve the pill come in . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) Black cherry flavor my ass . she take a long hard look at herself in the mirror and suddenly , she smile a soft , content smile . she talk loud enough for grant to hear she . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I be come , my husband to be ! 52 53 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 81. grant ( 0.s. ) ohhh ... sound like someone be get lucky tonight . be we feel frisky ? she beam ear to ear . elizabeth maybe ? she look at herself in the mirror one last time . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) start live life Elizabeth . and with that , she leave the bathroom . dissolve to : notebook - insert 52 Close on the notebook : '' somebody get some shoe and rice and present to take ... '' CUT to : int . elizabeth 's live room - night 53 over the title card we begin to hear , '' at last '' by etta James . Elizabeth and grant be spoon on the couch , they eye close . the camera hover above they . grant ( Soft . ) Elizabeth ? elizabeth yeah ? grant how come we never open the futon ? after a thoughtful beat - elizabeth before you I guess I just get use to sleep alone . ( more ) 54 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 82 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( beat . ) we will open it tomorrow night . I promise . grant 's eye open . he stare longingly at the back of she head . grant I love you Elizabeth . he close he eye . she open hers . the camera push in slowly . closer and closer until we be push in tight on Elizabeth . a slight smile crease she face . elizabeth I love you too . she close she eye , fall into a deep sleep . the song continue to play as we - dissolve to black : int . elizabeth 's live room - day 54 we come out of the dissolve from night to day . Elizabeth 's eye slowly open . we be in the same tight shot of she face we end on in the previous moment . the song be still play . she squint at the sunlight beat down on she face through the blind . we pull back to reveal she be alone on the couch . she do not think much of it at first . she move around slightly , lift she head . she be loopy from the medication . Elizabeth call out softly . elizabeth grant ? Elizabeth wait a moment . she sit up . the song continue to play . she reach for she glass of water on table and take a sip . she stand hold the water - walk toward the kitchen . the camera remain in the live room . Elizabeth walk out of sight , into the kitchen . 55 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 83. elizabeth ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) grant ? the camera catch she as she cross from the other side of the kitchen - disappear into the bathroom . elizabeth ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) grant ? she exit the bathroom - end back up in the live room . the song , '' at last '' have play to its final cord . something terrible occur to Elizabeth . she look down at the floor for what seem like a eternity - lose in think . we begin a slow push in on she . we hear grant 's voice - grant ( v.o. ) sometimes we hold onto thing we know be not good for we because we be afraid of what will happen if we let go . she look up - she face fill with pure despair . the camera travel down she arm to the glass in she hand . her body go limp - she grip loosen on the glass . total silence as the everything turn to slow motion - the glass slip from she hand - plunging toward the floor in slow motion . as the glass fall we continue to hear grant 's voice - grant ( v.0 . ) but when we finally let they go it 's ... it 's like a weight off we chest and then we be truly free . it 's a good thing . trust I . we come back to full speed and sound as - the glass explode onto the floor . Elizabeth 's face be fill with grief . she be emotionally crippled as we - CUT to : int . psychiatric hospital ward lobby - flashback of sc . 6 55 Elizabeth be on the pay phone where we first meet she . elizabeth grant ask I to marry he and I say yes ... 56 57 58 59 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 84 . we begin to hear a earlier conversation between Elizabeth and Dr. bowman over the follow visual - CUT to : int . elizabeth 's live room - flashback of sc . 9 56 Elizabeth sit alone on the couch in she bathrobe drink tea - no grant in sight . dr . bowman ( v.o. ) Elizabeth , I need you to listen to I very carefully and try to understand what I be about to say , okay ? CUT to : int . elizabeth 's live room - flashback of sc . 11 57 Elizabeth dump she pill all over the table - no grant in sight . dr . bowman ( v.o. ) the best thing you can do be ignore the voice and hallucination at all cost . ext . christmas tree lot - flashback of sc . 20 58 Elizabeth walk alone in the lot - no grant in sight . dr . bowman ( v.o. ) do not make friend with they , do not talk to they ... CUT to : int . elizabeth 's live room - flashback of sc . 21 59 Elizabeth be sit on the floor in front of the Christmas tree alone - no grant in sight . dr . bowman ( v.o. ) do not even acknowledge they . CUT to : 60 61 62 63 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 85 . int . elizabeth 's closet - flashback of sc . 26 60 Elizabeth be sit alone in the closet , grip the pillow - no grant in site . dr . bowman ( v.o. ) even if they be nice to you . CUT to : int . elizabeth 's bathroom - flashback of sc . 41 61 Elizabeth stand alone in the shower , she arm wrap around herself - no grant in sight . dr . bowman ( v.o. ) we do not want you to engage with any of the hallucination . it could potentially worsen you state of mind . CUT to : int . elizabeth 's live room - flashback of sc . 51 62 Elizabeth sit on the floor , stare at the cupcake alone - no grant in sight . dr . bowman ( v.o. ) I understand how real this hallucination might feel when they be happen , but they be not . CUT to : int . psychiatric hospital ward lobby - flashback of sc . 5 63 we be back to where we first meet Elizabeth once again as she stand up from the pay phone , slamm it down . CUT to : int . psychiatric hospital ward - hallway - night Elizabeth cross the camera and start walk down the same hallway we see the head nurse walk down in the open of the film . she turn into a room . CUT to : 64 65 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 86 . close on a single bed - insert : 64 sitting on a single bed on top of a white blanket be the bridal Magazine and notebook Elizabeth have be use but unlike in the previous time we have see they they now appear wear - tatter even , as if they have be use over and over again for a long period of time . her hand come into frame , scoop they up . CUT to : int . psychiatric hospital ward common room - night 65 we pan around the room revealing the lay out for the first time . we can not help but notice a eerie familiarity about it . - the couch to the leave . - a coffee table in front of it . - window cover by wooden blind . - a round two - seater table with two chair . - in the corner - a Fake Christmas tree with nothing but silver tinsel on it . the same kind of tinsel Elizabeth use to make she ring . - a build in tv cabinet on the other wall . just like in the open scene - static be the only thing play on the tv . we stay on the tv for a moment , then - Elizabeth walk into room and sit on the couch . she be wear sweat pants , a baggy sweatshirt and that thick hospital sock from the open scene - she hair sloppily tie back . the note book and bridal Magazine rest on the couch beside she . Elizabeth stare straight ahead . her eye glaze over . a odd , distant look plant on she face . we stay in a wide shot as we begin to hear the follow conversation between Dr. bowman and Elizabeth 's mother , Carol . carol ( v.0 . ) I think you say she be make progress ? 66 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 87 . dr . bowman ( v.o. ) she be . but the type of schizophrenia Elizabeth have be very uncommon and can manifest symptom in many way , include a change in she perception that can influence she sense of reality . in she particular case this not only include hearing voice that be not real or see something that be not actually present , she also have tactile hallucination that create a sensation of physical contact . in addition she have the type of anxiety symptom which be consistent with a diagnosis of ocd . all of this symptom at once can lead to severe distress and be very disable . with all of this medical condition to manage , it 's go to be very challenging and extremely important to have a effective treatment plan and to stick with it . int . dr . bowman 's office - day 66 Carol and Dr. bowman be mid-conversation . the camera cut back and forth between they - remain tight on they face , almost fill the entire screen . you can tell by the look on Carol 's face that either she do not understand a word he just say or do not want to accept it . carol what do that even mean ? dr . bowman Mrs. o'neil , you ... carol ( she interrupt he . ) o'neil be she Father 's name . I be remarry now . please , call I Carol . dr . bowman of course . ( clear he throat . ) Carol , you daughter 's mental health be , well , severe in nature . ( more ) v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 88 . dr . bowman ( cont 'd ) stress , let alone a traumatic event can easily trigger a psychotic episode . carol I be sorry Dr. bowman but I just do not understand any of this . dr . bowman the first appearance of the hallucination Elizabeth come to identify as grant seem to have coincide with the death of she Father last year . so although the medication do in fact eliminate she hallucination , include the one of grant , it uncover a deeper emotional and psychological detachment . Carol appear to drift off in think for a moment . carol ( deep sigh . ) do Elizabeth mention that she and she Father have start speak again just before he die ? dr . bowman no , she have not mention that . Carol let 's out a sad , reflective laugh . carol they be very close before we split up . every Sunday they would order chinese food and watch movie all damn day . they have laugh and he have tell she storey . it be they special time together . ( beat , soft . ) he have even tell she that some day a wonderful guy , like some knight in shine armor would come along and marry she and she would say ... Carol choke up . she compose herself . carol ( cont 'd ) ... she would say , I hope I meet a great guy just like you daddy . ( beat . ) he call she he little '' lizzy Blue '' . 67 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 89 . Dr. bowman can see the pain in she face . dr . bowman I be sorry Carol . carol now what ? dr . bowman Dr. Sanders and I have decide it would be best to keep she here at statewood . hopefully , after some time and the proper treatment Elizabeth will be able to break free from the notion that she 's lose the love of she life . Carol take a long , thoughtful beat before look directly at Dr. bowman . carol be this my fault ? we CUT to a wide two shot of Carol and Dr. bowman sit across from one another . they hold they gaze . no word be speak . int . psychiatric hospital ward common room - night 67 Elizabeth remain on the couch in a complete daze . a moment later , a nurse walk in . we can only see she from about the waist down . jane ( 0.c . ) hi Elizabeth , how be you feel today sweetie ? can I get you anything ? maybe a cup of water ? no response . the nurse turn toward the tv and notice the static . for the first time we reveal she face and she name tag . it 's Jane from the bridal shop , only it 's actually nurse Jane . a sad smile cross Jane 's face as she look at the static then back to Elizabeth , who be completely check out . she walk toward the tv . just as she do , the head nurse walk in . head nurse what be you do ? Jane turn v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 90 . jane nothing , I be go to put something on the tv for Elizabeth . to Elizabeth . jane ( cont 'd ) would you like to watch anything in particular ? the head nurse turn to Jane . Soft but firm - head nurse you can put anything you want on that tv or just turn it off all together . it will not make a difference either way . all she ever do be sit there , write in that notebook and flip through that bridal magazine . ( beat . she take a step toward she . ) listen , I know you be new here but you can not give too much to the patient . you will not survive the job . now I need you to start prepping the evening medication . round start in 30 minute . Jane understand . she nod . the head nurse leave . Jane give one more , heartfelt look to Elizabeth , turn the channel and leave the on the tv , room . the song , '' somebody 's getting married '' from the muppet take Manhattan begin to play . we hold on the tv for a few beat before turn to a wide shot of Elizabeth sit on the camera the couch . begin a slow push in toward Elizabeth . we be get closer and closer to Elizabeth 's face as the song continue to play . her eye appear to be ever- so-slightly tear up the camera crescendo . we be now voice from but we can not tell if it 's happiness or sadness . continue to move toward she . the song build to a tight on Elizabeth 's face . we hear Elizabeth 's a earlier conversation with Dr. bowman - elizabeth ( v.o . ) do you know how scary it be when you do not know when life be real ? sometimes I feel like I be curse . ( more ) 68 69 v12_the shoot script_7/2/16 gl. elizabeth ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) like I be live in a bad dream that I can not wake up from . my relationship be suffer from this . he say it 's not . grant say everything be okay and that we will get through this together . I do not know if I believe he . I want to . Elizabeth close she eye so tight it look painful . close on grant 's face : 68 he be look directly into the camera - into Elizabeth 's eye - as if he be stand right in front of she . grant I love you Elizabeth Blue . close on elizabeth 's face : 69 Elizabeth 's eye open . we be so tight that she blue eye fill the entire screen . we hold for a moment . CUT to : black the end !