elizabeth : the golden age written by William nicholson &amp ; Michael hirst 5th July 2006 ( dialogue print in bracket to be translate and speak in Spanish or german as appropriate , and sub-title . ) ext . title sequence p 1 paint image of the elizabethan age - caption a world divide by religious hatred . the new Protestant faith be spread . body burn on a pyre - man writhe under torture - a momentary half - recognisable face , gaunt and stare - father ROBERT reston . caption the most powerful ruler in christendom , Philip of Spain , have swear to return all Europe to the Catholic faith . image of rival monarch Philip and Elizabeth in court painting : stiff , formal , imperious . caption only England stand in he way : a weak impoverish nation rule by a woman . finally image of God in judgement , as if speak to he choose servant . caption Philip prepare to obey the will 2 of he God . int . private chapel , escorial palace , spain - day 2 bn ascetic-look man dress in black kneel in a small plain chapel , in virtual darkness . philip ii , King of Spain bow he head low , abasing himself before he god. T S/I caption : scorial Palace , Spain , 1585 . now , slowly , he raise he head . his eye open , and we see there the glow of a new certainty . God have speak to he . philip ( I hear . I obey . my Lord and my 1 God . ) May 1 Blue draft--p.2 int . hallway / salon , escorial palace - day 3 3 Philip walk rapidly down a long corridor that open out into a broad hallway , move from the darkness of the chapel into ever brighter light and more visible glory . on he face the far shine gaze of a man who now know he mission . Silent servant press themselves to the wall as he go by . through the hallway to a grand salon . courtier fall silent and bow as he pass . so into the grandest salon of all , where he magnificent court be gather ; among they he 12 - year- old daughter , the infanta . as he enter , all kneel . his eye scan he minister and courtier , all kneel , head bow before he . his gaze fall on one who wear the plain black robe of a Jesuit priest : Robert reston , the face we glimpse in the open montage . he speak to all . philip ( God have make he will know to I . the time for we great enterprise have come . ) the Jesuit look up and he eye too show a powerful but discipline satisfaction . he murmur softly to himself . reston at last . Cathedral bell ring out . the cheer of a crowd be hear through the open window . the king pass out onto the salon 's first - floor balcony . ext . balcony , escorial palace - day 4 4 hot sunlight . Philip stand gaze across the plaza at the great cathedral on the far side , as the bell ring out and the crowd in the plaza below wave they hat and cheer . the infanta be by he side . his minister cluster behind he . line the crowd on either side of the plaza stand column of armed soldier : a formidable reminder of the king 's power . Philip do nothing , but he presence intoxicate the crowd . as they cry swell , wave upon wave , the king 's eye glow and he breathes in deeply , feed on he people 's adoration . ext . thame - day 5 5 a ripple of light on the water . a blur of approach colour . May 1 Blue draft--p.3 the royal barge be glide towards we , slowly take shape : its hull gaily paint , its canopy adorn with colourful fabric , its bank of oar rise and fall , casting bright shard of shine water in the sunlight . p eople pass on the river bank point and wave , smile , cheer . they see the Queen now . they call out . two young man walk arm -in- arm stare more intently than any ; but they do not cheer or wave . there 's something chill in the way they track the distant figure of the Queen . they be babington and savage . over this a insistent voice : howard ( v.o. ) why do you go among the people , majesty ? I tell you plainly , you will be murder ! every Catholic in England be a potential assassin ! 4 int . privy chamber , whitehall palace - day 6 6 a agitate group be gather in this room where the business of state be transact . we catch glimpsis of the Queen in they midst , prepare to leave , as she minister try to persuade she of the seriousness of the situation : sir christopher hatton , 30 , a ambitious courtier ; lord howard , 5as , a weathered old campaigner ; and stand back from the rest , watch from the side line , sir francis walsingham , the Queen 's veteran friend and adviser . hatton be warn by the atrocity in France ! god-fear Christians murder by papist cut - throat inflame by hatred of the truth ! howard we know the Catholic take they order from Spain . the Spanish speak openly of Mary Stuart as Queen of England in wait . elizabeth ( sharply ) Mary Stuart be a Queen cast out by she own ungrateful nation . hatton with respect , majesty - a Catholic Queen . you loyal Protestant supporter do not understand why Mary Stuart life under we protection , at we expense - very considerable expense - elizabeth Mary Stuart be my cousin . she be we guest . and she be under we control . howard but while she life , majesty , she be a beacon that draw we enemy ' eye and hope . elizabeth while she life ? hatton she be the poison at the heart of England . the poison must be cut out . 4a elizabeth you would have I make a martyr of she . what be she crime ? ext . thame - day 7 7 the londoner on the river bank cheer and wave as the royal barge go by . howard ( v.o. ) treachery , mar 'am . all Catholic be traitor ! they loyalty be to the Pope of Rome . elizabeth ( v.o. ) how many Catholic be there in England , sir ? howard ( v.o. ) immense number , majesty ! hatton ( v.o. ) we believe half the nation cling to the old superstition . 5 int . privy chamber , whitehall palace - day 8 8 elizabeth what would you have I do ? ` cut out ' half the people of England ? howard we must act , majesty . we inaction be take to be weakness . elizabeth if any of my people break the law , they will be punish . until that day , I wish they to be let they alone . hatton until the day they rise in rebellion ! majesty , we have prove reason to fear every Catholic in the land - elizabeth fear create fear , sir . I will not punish my people for they belief . only for they deed . be assure that the people of England love they Queen . my constant endeavour be to earn that love . ext . royal barge , thame - day 9 9 londoner on the river bank wave and cheer . Elizabeth , seat on the royal barge , see they with satisfaction . she give a occasional slight inclination of she head in acknowledgement . Elizabeth sit with she favourite seat beside she , she youngest and prettiest may of honour , bess throckmorton . Walsingham sit face they , look sourly at the cheer spectator . walsingham the people be agitate . elizabeth what people ? 5a walsingham you bishop be preaching that God be show he displeasure - the Queen be still unmarried - some be say infertile - elizabeth what nonsense ! walsingham dangerous nonsense . Mary Stuart have a son - elizabeth why do everyone torment I with Mary Stuart ? pink revision May 18 - p.6 elizabeth ( cont would ) it 's not she fault that she 's next in line to the throne . ( to bess ) do not hide you face . she lean over to brush a stray lock of hair from bess 's face . walsingham so long as you have no issue . Elizabeth look back at wsalsingham . walsingham produce a heir and there will be no more talk of Mary Stuart . elizabeth be not it customary to obtain a husband before produce a heir ? ( to bess ) we shall have to look out a husband for you soon , bess . bess not too soon , my lady . walsingham there be husband to be have . elizabeth ( to bess ) do not you want to be marry ? bess I will want the marriage if I want the man . walsingham Austria . France . Sweden . elizabeth why stop there ? Turkey have a sultan . China have a Emperor . ( to bess ) what sort of man do you want ? walsingham I confine myself to the possible . bess a honest man . with friendly eye . May 1 Blue draft7 elizabeth ( to Walsingham ) that 's where you and I differ , Walsingham . I find the impossible far more interesting . ( to bess ) and good leg . you will want good leg . bess and sweet breath . elizabeth so that you can kiss he without choke . ( to Walsingham ) there must be any amount of prince in undiscovered land across the sea . find I a honest one of that . 9a 9a int . ST paul' cathedral - day the royal party enter the Cathedral . Elizabeth and Walsingham advance into the wide empty nave , follow by the Queen 's lady and the guard . bess be now back in she place among the lady . E lizabeth ship builder be be recruit in Spanish port at double wage . the sea wall at dover be crack . there 's no money to rebuild we defence . I do not need adviser to tell I my business . walsingham they care for you safety , majesty . the threat to you person be real . elizabeth and they know very well that if I fall , they all come tumble down after I . she go on to the step at the foot of the altar , and kneel to pray . as she kneel she hold out one hand behind she , not look round . bess step forward , and take she hand , kneel and pray with she . double pink revision 18 July - p.8 elizabeth let 's pray , bess . May we have wisdom not to fear shadow in the night , and courage when the day of danger truly dawns . on elizabeth as she pray . omitted 10 10 double pink revision 18 July - p.9 ext the tyger , english channel - day 11 11 Raleigh be stand on the prow of a war-ship as it cut through the water toward the white cliff of dover . the ship and its sailor have be at sea for many month , and it show . Raleigh shout to he sail - master . raleigh let England know we be back , Mr calley . calley master gunner , run out starboard and tie-off . a broadside from the bow . master gunner run out and prime . from the bow number one gun , on my word - discharge ! two -- Three -- four. Canon fire echoe over the distant white cliff . int . queen' private quarter - night 13 13 on elizabeth - imperfectly reflect in a mirror in the soft candlelight . her lady be put she clothes away . E bess begin the process of stripping away she make -up . lizabeth study she true face as it come into view . elizabeth line round my mouth . where do they come from ? bess smile line , my lady . elizabeth smile line ? when do I smile ? with that she smile , and see bess 's answer reflect smile . elizabeth now you have smile line too . N May 1 Blue draft - p.10 her smile fade . she gaze at she now naked face , vulnerable in the mirror . int . queen' bedchamber - night 13a 13a the royal bed , immense and ornate . Elizabeth lie here small , awake , and alone . philip ` Elizabeth ! the angel weep for you , Elizabeth ! why do you close you ear to the voice of you loving God ? ' ext . forest , spain - day 13b 13b forester at work fell great tree , work rhythmically , in pair . from all round echoe the same sound , of axe on timber . philip ( v.o. ) ` Elizabeth ! you be lead the soul of you people to Hell ! turn back ! marry I , and save England ! ' I speak to she just as I speak to you now . ow we see the royal carriage riding through mature forest , accompany by a mount entourage . in the carriage - the king , Philip ii , the infanta and Father Robert reston . philip but she do not listen . she make I a speech about the virtue of virginity . me! virginity ! she have bring this on herself . p hilip survey the scene through the carriage window with a shudder . philip every tree that fall hurt I . I lose a part of myself . I be curse with sensitivity . I feel too much . we do not yet know what the fell of the tree portend . but reston do . to he , it 's a glorious sight . reston you majesty have a merciful soul . May 1 Blue draft - p.11 philip I sacrifice my country 's forest to save the soul of a lose nation . that be true mercy . England be lose to darkness , Father . I bring light . wide now - we see the carriage and the royal party crest a hill , and there be reveal a awesome sight : the forest have be fell as far as the eye can see . great pile of cut timber dot the ravage landscape . everywhere man be at work lopping branch from fell tree . wagon team haul immense trunk away . fire burn stack of lopped branch , and the smoke rise up into the empty sky . I N the carriage - on reston 's face as he stare at the fire . he speak half to himself , out of the depth of he own fanatical certainty . reston the light of purify fire . he turn and fix the king with he intent gaze . reston my time have come , majesty . ( beat ) send I home . ext . chartley hall - day 13c 13c establish wide shot of chartley Hall . ext . chartley hall , garden - day 14 14 a small yapping skye terrier be bark at a laundress , who be hand over a letter , fold small , to a sharp - face middle - age french lady 's may , annette . the laundress curtsey and leave . int . mary stuart quarter , chartley hall - day 15 15 the terrier scamper ahead of annette to its mistress , mary stuart , who sit embroider a pink satin petticoat . she be a handsome but bitter woman in she mid-thirty . round she stand she small retinue of three lady and a chaplain . mary this be so pretty I be inclined to send it as a present to my dear cousin Elizabeth . she hold up the delicate work to show she lady . May 1 Blue draft - p.12 mary ( cont 'd ) it be a intimate garment , of course . but even Elizabeth must have the occasional intimate moment . annette reach she mistress and kneel before she , hold out the letter . annette my Queen . Mary lay down she needlework and take the letter from she and read it for herself . mary we friend write to give we hope . annette ( low ) soon England 's true believer will rise up against the bastard usurper Elizabeth , and slit she throat , and throw she down to hell . mary that 's enough , annette . ( but she love it . ) slit she throat ? please . annette and when the bastard usurper be dead , my lady will be queen . the chaplain give a sharp cough of warning . the warden of chartley Hall , sir amyas paulet , enter the room . he be soberly dress , but have charming manners , and be clearly susceptible to he handsome ward . Mary turn to he at once with a teasing smile . mary here 's my noble jailer , come to smack my hand . she hold out one hand to be smack . the other hand hold the letter out of sight . mary have I sin again , sir ? paulet no , no , my lady . unless beauty be count a sin . doublegoldenrod - 25 July -p.13 paulet ( cont would ) ( kiss she hand ) I come to pay my respects . mary oh , you jailer . I do not trust you . paulet not jailer , my lady , please . warden . protector . friend . you be the Queen 's guest . Mary sign to she lady . one of they bring she the embroidery , discreetly receive in exchange the hide letter . mary see how I pass my time in my lonely prison . paulet charm , mar 'am . distractingly charming . she hold the intimate garment against she body . paulet seem to be too fascinate by it to notice he be be dupe . mary such a pretty undergarment . but for whose eye ? doublegoldenrod - 25 July -p.14 int . armourer's shop , london - day 17 17 a pistol be be load : a fiddly process involve a powder horn , wadding , and a iron ball the size of a hazelnut . armourer ( o.o.v . ) so what 's it for , my young friend ? not for shoot rabbit , I be guess . savage we live in dangerous time . armourer we do indeed . Savage move close as if to study the load process . we see the two of they talk from outside the window . savage ( very low ) the conspiracy gain strength . tell we master one of the circle have already gain access to the court . the armourer nod . he hand the pistol to Savage . Savage take it and leave . immediately after , a man enter and walk up behind the now seat armourer . the armourer turn round . reston I ask for you forgiveness . move with speed , he seize the armourer 's head , twist it to one side , and snap he neck . reston walk quietly out of the store . ext . whitehall palace - day 18 18 a crowd of eager spectator and would - be courtier have gather , hold back by a line of guard , all hope to attract the attention of the Queen when she appear . this be the route from the presence chamber to the Chapel Royal . May 1 Blue draft - p.15 every Sunday the Queen process here , and crowd gather to see she . two of Walsingham 's man , agent 1 and 2 , mingle in the crowd : face we will see again . Tom babington stand unobtrusively at the back of the crowd . he carry a bag which may or may not contain a gun . a bustle of activity , a ripple of anticipation - ` she 's come !' - and the palace door open . babington' Pov : the crowd , the wall of bodyguard , the cluster of courtier and lady , and in they midst , Elizabeth , almost completely mask as she pass by . alongside the Queen , among she maid - of-honour , be bess throckmorton ; behind she , Walsingham . the people cheer , call out to the Queen , reach to touch she , fall to they knee . crowd God bless you majesty - God love you ! - see she sweet face ! other in the crowd be shouting more militant sentiment . crowd hang the papist ! - look out for traitor , Elizabeth ! Mary Stuart be the whore of Rome ! babington move forward , ease he way to the front of the crowd . nearby there stand another young man who be watch , not cheer : ramsay . a woman wth a baby push she way almost to the Queen , hold she baby before she . woman with baby you bless , majesty . my little one , you bless . babington be Pov - the Queen stop to bless the little baby , smile , put out she hand to touch the baby 's head . the mother bob a curtsey . the Queen move on , with she entourage . a sudden scuffle in the crowd . babington turn to look . a cloak sweep through frame - drop down to the ground - revealing as it pass the handsome smile face of Raleigh , directly in R the path of the Queen . aleigh a puddle in the way , majesty . Elizabeth sign to the guard to stay calm . she stare at Raleigh , then she look down at the cloak . no sign of any puddle . bess throckmorton watch , suppress a smile . E May 1 Blue draft - p.16 Elizabeth look back up , meet Raleigh 's eye with a cool appraise gaze . then she walk on over the cloak , shaking she head . elizabeth a puddle ... the guard take up they position once more . bess throw Raleigh a quick smile as she follow the royal party . his answer shrug say : I try . he pick up the cloak , and stand gaze after the Queen . lizabeth go into the chapel , and the door close behind she . royal servant the Queen be at she prayer ! int . chapel royal - day 18a 18a the Queen at she prayer , she mind elsewhere ; privately amused . elizabeth a puddle ... 18b 18b ext . whitehall palace - day Raleigh put a arm round calley . raleigh she speak to I . you have to give I that . calley oh , I do . the Queen speak to you . one word - but she speak . raleigh two word . calley you be make . a dukedom at the very least . raleigh do you see the girl behind she ? I have be at sea too long . int . great hall , whitehall palace - day 19 19 the great Hall be crowded with compete faction . a group of spaniard , lead by they ambassador , don guerau do spes , stand watch everyone else with haughty disdain . W yellow revision May 22--p.17 a architect wait to present detail of a building project . petitioner wait vainly , in the hope of catch the Queen 's eye . Howard and hatton be in attendance . Walsingham stand by the Queen 's side , briefing she in a low murmur for she ear only . alsingham thousands be die every day of famine in Ireland . another rebellion be a distinct possibility . a courtier be hold a portrait which he show to the Queen . courtier Francis of valois , majesty . hatton brother to the king of France , majesty . walsingham France be in religious turmoil . it would be unwise to engage with they instability . elizabeth ( to Lord Howard ) you have the plan for the new dock ? howard here , majesty . Howard beckon the architect forward to show he model . Elizabeth study it . Walsingham murmur on . walsingham we still need to keep France out of the arm of Spain . elizabeth let I think on it . ( to Howard ) what if enemy ship should sail up the Thames ? can the dock be close ? howard not close , majesty . but the gun position here , and here , have full command of the channel . the courtier display a second portrait . courtier King Erik of Sweden , majesty . yellow revision May 22--p.17A elizabeth what again ? walsingham still madly in love with you . elizabeth still mad , you mean . ( look around ) . where 's bess ? the courtier present a third portrait . courtier Ivan , Tsar of all the russias , know as " the terrible . " Walsingham merely shake he head . buff revision 6th June - p.18 int . antechamber , whitehall palace - day 20 20 bess throckmorton be late . she come run through the crowd of lesser petitioner who wait in the hope of gain access to the Queen . she pass calley , the two native Americans , and a group of sailor hold large hamper . Raleigh be try to persuade the doorkeeper to let he past . doorkeeper you will have to see the Lord Chamberlain , sir . he indicate a portly man surround by petitioner , beyond the open door to the inner room . raleigh how be I to see he if you will not let I through ? doorkeeper you must wait for he to come out , sir . raleigh and when will he come out ? doorkeeper there 's no way of know that , sir . the doorkeeper stand aside for bess . she recognise Raleigh , and throw he a smile before rush past . raleigh ( as if to calley ) I have less trouble than this board a Spanish ship ! everything be easier when you can kill people . int . great hall , whitehall palace - day 21 21 bess curtsey before Elizabeth ; who shake she head at she . elizabeth late again , bess . bess I beg you majesty 's forgiveness . elizabeth give . once . buff revision 6th June - p.18a bess the puddle man be outside , majesty . E ( yellow revision May 22 -- p.19 Elizabeth take bess 's arm and turn with she to the portrait . elizabeth my suitor . the courtier have a fourth portrait . courtier the archduke Charles of Austria , majesty . hatton the young brother of maximilian ii , the Holy Roman Emperor . walsingham a cousin of Philip ii of Spain . bess he 's rather sweet . elizabeth more you age than mine , bess . how old be he ? hatton Young ... I believe , majesty . a austrian alliance would keep France quiet . walsingham and it would put Philip on a leash . Elizabeth look across at the spaniard . elizabeth I become almost enthusiastic. to hatton ) send for he . ( to bess ) where be he , then ? bess understand . she bob and hurry to the door . elizabeth ( to Walsingham ) how much longer do you think I can play this game ? walsingham virginity be a asset that hold its value well . lizabeth diplomatically speak . yellow revision May 22 - p.19 a Raleigh now enter with calley , the native Americans and court servant carry hamper . R yellow revision May 22 - p.20 one of the spaniard recognise he and murmur to the ambassador ; who speak angrily to the Queen . don guerau majesty , this man be a notorious pirate . elizabeth indeed ? Don Guerau point to the hamper . don guerau Spanish treasure , steal from Spanish ship . you will see . R aleigh kneel before the Queen . Elizabeth gesture for he to rise . elizabeth well , sir . who be you ? raleigh walter Raleigh , you majesty . elizabeth ah , yes . Raleigh . I have hear of you voyage . what 's you rank ? raleigh a gentleman of Devon . elizabeth what do you want ? raleigh the honour to be in the presence of my Queen , whose radiant beauty be the boast and glory of the English people . elizabeth yes , well , here you be . aleigh I be just return from the New World , majesty . I have claim the fertile coast in you name , and call it Virginia , in honour of we virgin Queen . Elizabeth raise she eyebrow . elizabeth Virginia ? and if I marry ? will you change the name to conjugia ? a royal joke . her entourage laugh dutifully . ( yellow revision May 22 -p.21 raleigh I ask for you gracious permission , majesty , to return to the New World with you royal warrant , to find a colony under the law and protection of England . E lizabeth 's eye have fall on the native Americans . elizabeth who be they ? raleigh Americans , majesty . they long to be you newest subject . he beckon calley to lead wanchese and manteo forward . elizabeth have they no ruler of they own ? raleigh none to match England 's Queen . Elizabeth gaze at the native . she hold out she hand . unaware that he 's mean to kiss the Queen 's hand , manteo , take it and shake it . a gasp from the watch courtier . but Elizabeth accept the courtesy . elizabeth this gentleman be welcome . see that they be treat well . calley hurry they away before worse happen . raleigh I also come bear gift for you majesty , from the New World . he beckon to the servant to bring the basket . Don Guerau step forward . don guerau the fruit of piracy , majesty . the true property of the realm of Spain . elizabeth let 's see , shall we ? to Raleigh ) what do you bring I ? raleigh mud , and leave . R May 1 Blue draft - p.22 member of the court share suppress smile . elizabeth ( amused ) mud and leave ? aleigh throw open the first basket . Don Guerau peer inside suspiciously . it do indeed seem to be fill with mud . Raleigh take out a potato beneath the ambassador 's nose . raleigh patata , majesty . you eat it . very nourishing . he beckon forward the second basket , which be full of leave . again Don Guerau track he every move . he take out a tobacco leaf . R aleigh tobacco . you breathe its smoke . very stimulate . now Don Guerau realise he 's be laugh at on all side . he draw himself up with angry pride , wrinkling he nose . don guerau forgive I , majesty , I find the air have become stale . I be sensitive to the smell of open sewer . a glare at Raleigh , a bow for the Queen , and Don Guerau lead he spaniard out . elizabeth ( to Raleigh ) continue . with a broad smile , Raleigh gesture forward the third basket . this one really be full of gold . he take out a gold coin and present it to Elizabeth . raleigh gold . you spend it . very satisfy . Elizabeth examine the fat gold coin , with its image of Philip of Spain . she try not to smile . raleigh courtesy of a Spanish ship , that find itself unable to complete its journey . Elizabeth drop the gold coin back into the basket . Green revision May 25 - p.23 elizabeth the fruit of piracy after all , it seem . raleigh Philip of Spain be no friend of England , majesty . the more gold I take from he , the safer you will be . elizabeth well , well . a political pirate . a logic-chipp pirate . raleigh and you majesty 's most loyal subject . she give he a long look . elizabeth but not my best dress . W ( beat ) elcome home , Mr Raleigh . she turn she attention back to hatton and the portrait . Raleigh bow and withdraw , follow by he man . Walsingham follow . int . hallway , whitehall palace - day 22 22 Raleigh come out into the hallway with calley by he side . raleigh what do you think of she ? calley terrify . raleigh but magnificent . he move on . Raleigh 's eye fall on Don Guerau , the Spanish ambassador , pass near with he fellow spaniard and a few English courtier and minister , include hatton . Don Guerau stare at he . the door to the privy chamber open and the Queen 's lady come swish out in a tight chatter group , bess beside she friend margaret . May 1 Blue draft - p.24 margaret ` mud and leave ' ! I nearly die ! B ess ` patata ! you eat it ! ' they giggle as they go by . margaret she like he . I could tell . bess well , would not you ? they see Raleigh now , and the chatter cease . the lady come to a stop and curtsey . Raleigh give a bow , he eye singling out bess . raleigh I be glad to have the opportunity to thank you . without you help , I would still be in outer darkness . bess I do very little , sir . you would already catch the Queen 's eye . raleigh then I thank you for the very little . the lady go on they way and the laugh chatter resume , with many a backward glance at the handsome Raleigh . no one pay attention to a figure in the shadow , another of Walsingham 's man , agent 3 . 23 23 ext . wood - dusk Young Savage stand alone among tree , shiver , white - face , half - mumble , half -singe a endless prayer . he hold a pistol with which he mean to kill himself . but he can not do it . S avage ( sing ) salve regina , mater misericordiae , vita dulcedo et spes nostra salve ... in a clear nearby three man sit round a fire . they be young Catholic fanatics - babington , ramsay , and francis throckmorton . a fourth man stand before they , he back to we , watch Savage . at first we do not see who he be . May 1 Blue draft - p.25 reston ( o.o.v . ) his weakness endanger we all . he can not go on with we . and we can not leave he behind . now the man turn and look intently at babington , and we see he be Robert reston ; no longer in the clothes of a priest . reston who will help he ? babington rise . reston nod he approval . babington go off through the tree . reston and the other follow a little behind . savage ( sing ) ad the clamamus , exsulae filii evae . ad the suspiramus gement et flentes in hac lacrimarum valle - he sing on as babington approach he , seem no longer to know what 's happen . babington take the pistol from he hand . babington make you peace with God . Savage stare , and suddenly realise what babington mean to do . terror overwhelm he . savage no , Tom ! do not kill I ! I do not want to die ! now he 's blubber with fear . babington be shake by this , and can not shoot . reston begin to pray aloud . reston Si ambulam in medio umbrae mortis , non timebo mala - the other join in with the word of the well - know psalm . babington too join in , now weep . reston and other quoniam tu mecum es , domine . virga tua et baculus tuus , ipsa I consolata sunt - B ang ! Savage fall dead . h May 1 Blue draft - p.26 int . walsingham's house - evening 24 24 Walsingham enter he private home , and give he hat and cloak to he servant . servant visitor wait , sir . Walsingham frown . he climb the stair to the door of he study . there , pace nervously , be he young brother william , a middle - age student . Walsingham 's scowl disappear . he open he arm wide . walsingham William ! william hello , Francis . they embrace . then Walsingham push he back to take a good look at he . walsingham you look terrible . do not they feed you in Paris ? how be you study ? learned the secret of the universe yet ? william not yet . walsingham this be dangerous time to be question the way of God . you must take care of yourself . william my need be simple . walsingham you will dine with we ? you will lodge with we ? be daughter mary appear at the top of the next flight . mary walsingham William ! she come tumble down and into he arm . she 's a eager innocent 20 - year-old , much love by she father . william look at you ! all grow up . URSULA , Walsingham 's wife , appear as Mary lead William up the stair . m May 1 Blue draft - p.27 URSULA William . this be a pleasure . william I have be away too long , mar 'am . mary walsingham you come with I , William . ary and William go on into the family 's live room . Ursula meet she husband 's eye . U rsula he 's not still a student , be he ? int . live room , walsingham's house - night 26 26 William be by the fire , listen to Mary play the virginal and sing . Walsingham and Ursula be by the dinner table . URSULA have you speak to the Queen ? walsingham I speak to she daily . URSULA you know what I mean . you have do enough . no man could do more . walsingham I can not leave court yet . the Queen need I . URSULA so you be to die in harness like a pack horse , be you ? and for what ? ( call ) Mary ! William ! walsingham this be difficult time - URSULA it 's always difficult time . Mary join they , she arm in William 's . Walsingham seize the opportunity to change the subject . walsingham William , come and tell we all the new idea in the University . will the great breach in the church ever be heal ? May 1 Blue draft - p.28 william I doubt it , brother . compromise be out of fashion . on both side they say there can only be one truth , and one God . URSULA sit , sit . mary h ere by I , William . walsingham what do they say in Paris of the Pope 's call for holy war ? william many welcome it . URSULA I do not understand why we must all hate each other . william Truth will always hate falsehood , mar 'am . mary why do we have to talk about war ? tell we you nice news , William . be you marry yet ? william ( smile ) not yet . mary then we must find you a nice sensible English wife . william no , no . I will not be stay long . I must go back to my study . walsingham not too soon , I hope . every man deserve a rest . URSULA listen to he ! when do you last rest , I would like to know ? ( to William ) he will not listen to I . not a think for he health . you tell he , he 's you brother . he will die at he desk , out of sheer selfishness . E Green revision May 25 - p.29 Walsingham share a rueful smile with William that say , ` woman , eh ? ' . they take they seat for dinner . 2 int . great hall , whitehall palace - day 7 27 Elizabeth sit sumptuously gown and jewell at a ornately - dress dining table , surround by she lady , bess among they ; Walsingham discreetly in the background . they be listen to a young austrian make a formal speech of love . the austrian ambassador stand to one side , mouth the word to prompt he . the archduke charle be still a boy : sixteen year old , slight , pale , tremble with shyness . he struggle through he rehearse speech . archduke charle you majesty 's beauty be dazzle to my eye . you learn be fame throughout Europe . I see before I perfection in human form . oh , Elizabeth ! how bless be I to stand in you fable presence , warm by you greatness as by the ray of the sun . oh Elizabeth ! to speak you name be to hear celestial music . May that sweet sound guide I through my life to come - Elizabeth ! Elizabeth ! I have travel here , to this illustrious court , in the hope that we two great nation might be join in love . but now that I be bath in the radiance of you glory , I be overwhelm . I be conquer . I die . only you love , great Elizabeth , can restore I to life . C ourtier exchange smile at he effort . the spaniard sneer openly . but Elizabeth take the charade with due gravity . lizabeth you highness do I great honour . shall we eat we dinner ? it should prove almost as restorative as my love . Raleigh enter the great Hall , trail by calley , as the dinner get under way . they join the much larger group who simply stand and watch . Royal meal be in part a spectacle for the court . a jester move from group to group , play prank on the guest . Green revision May 25 - p.29a Raleigh be now dress in court fashion , and look very well ; as the glance of several court lady show . he catch bess 's eye and they share a smile . court lady so tell I , Mr Raleigh , in you sea battle - how do you sink a enemy ship ? you shoot hole in its side , I suppose . ( May 1 Blue draft - p.30 raleigh no , mar 'am . a sink ship be of no value . the object be to capture and command . court lady and how do you do that ? raleigh surprise . speed . irresistible violence . calley , listen , roll he eye . Elizabeth , at the table with the archduke by she side , glance towards Raleigh , and see he flirt with the court lady . then back to the young archduke , who have hardly touch he food . elizabeth I think you be not as accustom as I be to eat in public . I have a secret . lowering she voice ) I pretend there 's a pane of glass - eine glasscheibe - between I and they . S he move one hand before she face , indicate a imaginary pane of glass . as she look , she see bess stare at someone - follow she gaze - and be amused to find that the object of she attention be also Raleigh . elizabeth they can see I , but they can not hear I , or touch I . you should try it . she beckon to bess . elizabeth bess . bess come forward . elizabeth ( low ) he interest I . talk to he . bess him , my lady ? elizabeth him . bess turn and look across towards Raleigh , as he flirt with the court lady . Green revision May 25 - p.31 Elizabeth turn back to she guest . elizabeth his highness be tired after he journey . the young archduke , freeze with shyness , sit stare before he , tremble as he frame a proper reply . archduke charle no man can be tired in the presence of so lovely a Queen . E lizabeth speak so only he can hear , in german . elizabeth ( you play the game very well , my young friend . but do not you sometimes feel a overwhelming desire to say what you be really think ? ) the archduke 's eye open very wide . he glance at Elizabeth , and see on she face a conspiratorial smile . archduke charle ( I dare not even think what I be really think . ) elizabeth ( you be think , perhaps , that you would far rather be home . ) archduke charle ( you be very wise , madame . ) he 's grateful to she , and he shy face show it . Raleigh be still be entertained by the court lady . court lady I adore the native you bring back with you . I do not suppose you could get one for I ? they be not dangerous , be they ? raleigh that depend what you propose to do with they . court lady I would dress he up in mulberry - coloured silk and have he walk behind I , carry my cloak . Green revision May 25 - p.31a bess have now approach Raleigh . bess the pirate be not too bored by the vanity of the court , I hope . raleigh a simple sailor , dazzle by the bright light . bess draw he away from the court lady . bess if you can bring yourself to leave the dazzle of the bright light for a moment - May 1 Blue draft - p.32 raleigh D rawn away by the brightest light of all . bess that can only mean the Queen . raleigh I do not presume to raise my eye so high . they both look at the Queen . she 's watch Raleigh . he bow . bess it seem you have presume after all . raleigh it seem you be determine to think the worst of I . bess tell I what it be you really want . raleigh what every man want . money . Fame . Love . bess in that order ? raleigh each lead to the next . the money will buy and equip ship for a return voyage to the New World . the success of my infant colony there will make I famous . the fame will bring I love . bess it seem rather a long way round . raleigh there be benefit along the way . it be something , after all , to take a blank on the map and build there a shine city . bess which you will no doubt name after yourself . May 1 Blue draft - p.33 raleigh ( smile ) no doubt . B ess well , then . I be answer . raleigh May I ask a question in return ? bess of course . raleigh how be I to win the Queen 's favour ? bess why should I tell you that , sir ? raleigh I have little enough to offer , I know . but whatever I have to give - ask , and it 's yours . bess think for a moment . bess my advice to you be , say what you mean to say as plainly as possible . all man flatter the Queen in the hope of advancement . pay she the compliment of truth . she give he she hand . he kiss it . raleigh I do not even know you name . bess Elizabeth throckmorton . raleigh a second Elizabeth . bess everyone call I bess . S he go back to the Queen , as Elizabeth be rise to leave . she speak to the company . elizabeth his highness the archduke inform I that my charm overwhelm he . he will retire to he private quarter to rest . 34 this cause much amusement . Don Guerau sneer openly . the archduke rise . all rise . the archduke bow solemnly to the Queen , and leave with he entourage . Elizabeth beckon to Walsingham , and speak low to he . elizabeth he 's a sweet boy . I do not want he hurt by you scheme . int . queen' private quarter - day 28 28 bess be read to Elizabeth . Elizabeth watch she , she mind elsewhere . elizabeth I suspect he of be a professional charmer . be I right ? bess he be certainly charming , my lady . elizabeth there be duller profession . and what be it he hope to gain by he charm ? bess he hope for glory in he New World . he dream of building a shine city . elizabeth which I be to pay for , no doubt . ( beat ) you like he , do not you ? bess it 's refresh to meet a man who look to a world beyond the court . elizabeth so it be . we shall let he come again . int . mary stuart quarter , chartley hall - day 29 29 Mary Stuart hold she pet dog in she arm , listen to annette , who kneel before she . May 1 Blue draft - P. 35 mary dismiss ? on whose order ? she look up at the laundress , who stand red -ey and snuffling , with a guard by she side . mary do stop snivelling . annette the warden , my lady . mary the warden ? my warden ? as she speak , Sir amyas paulet enter . Mary 's voice become seductive . mary what have you do now , you bad man ? send away my laundress ? how be I to have clean clothes ? or do you want I to go about naked ? paulet smile at the notion of Mary naked . paulet that be not my motive , mar 'am . much though - ( think better of it ) you laundress be find to be carry letter in she wash . not she job , I think . mary how be I to send my intimate letter ? paulet through I . mary and you will read they . paulet with respectful admiration . mary be I to have no privacy ? paulet no . beneath the charm , steel . mary you disappoint I , sir . May 1 Blue draft - P. 36 paulet the Queen order this measure for you protection . mary the Queen ! be I not a Queen too ? what if I wish to write a love letter ? be Elizabeth to be send a copy ? be she so starve of lover that she must feed on mine ? paulet the Queen grieve when you husband die , mar 'am . as she grieve when you second husband die . and the third . if there be a possibility of a fourth - mary tormentor ! be that Elizabeth 's order too ? that you torment and mock I ? she turn to go , but stop before leave the room : bitter , haughty , not deign to look back . mary they say she 's a beautiful woman . be she so very beautiful ? paulet I do not presume to comment on the Queen 's person . mary she 's call the virgin queen . why be that , sir ? can it be that no man will have she ? Mary change mood again , think it more politic to keep the warden under she spell . she wave annette and the laundress away . mary my friend , forgive I . you be my friend , be you not ? paulet I be you servant , mar 'am , and you admirer . mary I shall send no more letter . I shall stay here quietly , in my prison . with you . May 1 Blue draft - P. 37 omitted 30 30 int . antechamber , whitehall palace - day 31 31 the same crowd of petitioner wait in vain for access to the Queen . the same door keeper . Raleigh enter , and this time the door keeper bow , and usher he through the open door . over this we hear Raleigh 's voice tell of he adventure : raleigh ( v.o . ) it begin with a journey . you must cross a ocean . int . queen' private quarter - day 32 32 Elizabeth listen attentively , she eye look far away into the distance , as Raleigh tell of he adventure . raleigh can you imagine - can you feel - what it be to cross a ocean ? for week you see nothing but the horizon . all round you . perfect , and empty . you ship be small - tiny - a speck in such immensity . int . privy chamber , whitehall palace - day 33 33 Walsingham be talk to Elizabeth about matter of state . we be on she face , and we can see that she hear nothing of what he tell she . her mind be all on Raleigh 's voice . raleigh ( v.o. ) you live with fear , in the grip of fear - fear of storm , fear of sickness on board , fear of the immensity . what if you never escape ? how can you escape ? there 's nowhere to go . so you must drive you fear down , deep into you belly , and study you chart , and watch you compass , and pray for a fair wind - and hope . int . privy chamber , whitehall palace - night 33A 33A now Elizabeth be with Raleigh again , listen as he go on speak to she , now directly . 3 May 1 Blue draft - P. 38 raleigh pure naked fragile hope , when all you sense scream at you , lose ! lose ! imagine it . Day after day , stare west , the rise sun on you back , the set sun in you eye , hope , hope - Sir Christopher hatton enter . hatton majesty , the archduke and the court be wait . elizabeth ( sharply ) let they wait ! ( to Raleigh ) go on , Mr Raleigh . you be hope . hatton bow and leave , frown . raleigh at first it 's no more than a haze on the horizon , the ghost of a haze , the pure line corrupt . but cloud do that , and storm . so you watch , you watch . 4 34 int . queen' private quarter , whitehall palace - night Elizabeth dance with Raleigh . as they dance , he voice continue over ; and Elizabeth seem to be listen to he . raleigh ( v.o. ) then it 's a smudge , a shadow on the far water . for a day , for another day , the stain slowly spread along the horizon , and take form - until on the third day you let yourself believe . you dare to whisper the word - land ! the music end , and the dance finish . Elizabeth be seat now - it 's later in time . Raleigh be speak intently to she , and she be captivate . raleigh land . life. resurrection . the true adventure . come out of the vast unknown , out of the immensity , into safe harbour at last . that - that - be the New World . B May 1 Blue draft - P. 39 a short silence . Elizabeth be absorb what he have tell she . elizabeth ( v.o. ) the Queen do not have a private life . int presence chamber , whitehall palace - day 35 35 Elizabeth be on the throne . the archduke Charles and he entourage face she . the court fill the room . Elizabeth make she formal response to the young archduke . elizabeth the Queen life for she people . you will therefore forgive I , sir , if after much think and prayer I decline you offer of marriage . the archduke , barely able to conceal he relief , turn to the austrian ambassador . archduke charle ( can I go home now ? ) Elizabeth incline she head , try not to smile . elizabeth ( go home , my friend . do not be in a hurry to grow old . youth be so very precious . ) Elizabeth rise and take the archduke 's arm as they start to leave the chamber . bess , in she wake , find a opportunity to speak softly to Raleigh . bess well ? be you satisfied with the Queen 's favour ? raleigh she listen as if she understand I . ess then I shall expect some gratitude . R aleigh what do you want ? they eye meet , both aware of the current of mutual attraction . R May 1 Blue draft - P. 40 bess I expect I will think of something . bess hurry after the Queen . the austrian entourage be just leave as the Queen turn . elizabeth Mr. Raleigh . int queen' private quarter - day 35a 35a Elizabeth and Raleigh walk together around the perimeter hallway , dwarf by vast mural . elizabeth I like you immensity . you ocean be a image of eternity , I think . such great space make we small . do we discover the New World , Mr Raleigh , or do the New World discover we ? raleigh you speak like a true explorer . elizabeth I like you , Mr Raleigh . raleigh and I like you . she stop and turn to meet Raleigh 's eye . she 's not use to such direct reply . bess be watch they . elizabeth you know , of course , that when I like a man , I reward he . aleigh I have hear that . elizabeth and what have you to say about it ? R aleigh reward my mission , majesty , not I . elizabeth be the mission not the man ? raleigh leave I free to like you in return . that can be my reward . 41-43 elizabeth go on . raleigh I think it must be hard for so great a Queen to know the simple pleasure of be like for herself . Elizabeth stare . this be a little too close to the truth . elizabeth now you become dull . 35b 35b ext . windsor great park - day horse racing , hoof pound over the grass , mane fly - two rider hurtle between the tree , down a woodland ride , neck and neck - Elizabeth and Raleigh be racing against each other , face glow , laugh , abandon to the breakneck speed of the moment . Raleigh be win now , first by a head , then by a length . at the end of the ride he slow he horse to a walk . raleigh mine ! Elizabeth shake she head , unable to speak . elizabeth ( out of breath ) you have - the stronger horse . y raleigh ours carry the lighter load . elizabeth the Queen do not give way to other . Raleigh stop he horse . Elizabeth ride on up to he and then past he . Raleigh secretly spur he horse . the horse spring forward , ahead of she . raleigh whoa ! whoa ! ( at Elizabeth , reign in the horse ) forgive I , majesty . my horse do not know he place yet Elizabeth look at he , amused , intrigue . 43a elizabeth have you ever know you place , Mr. Raleigh ? she urge she horse forward , force Raleigh to catch up . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I be surprised you be not marry yet . raleigh I be a sailor , majesty . elizabeth and can sailor not be lover ? raleigh ( with a smile ) must lover be husband ? elizabeth ah , I see . you like love better than marriage . that I understand . raleigh you majesty be not eager to be marry ? elizabeth when I marry , I marry for my country . ( look at Raleigh ) when I love , I love for myself . ( pause ) you have have many love , I think . raleigh ( with a smile ) some ... elizabeth you have yet to meet you equal ? Raleigh hesitates . she understand he . raleigh I would want someone who know I as I be . now it be Elizabeth who hesitates . he understand she as well . elizabeth you want a friend , not just a equal . you want someone to share you joy when you be happy . double Blue - july 8 - p.43b elizabeth ( cont would ) someone to cry with when you be sad . someone to talk to when there 's nothing to say . someone to find by you side when you wake in the night . someone who remember what you once be , when you have grow old . she turn to he with a smile . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ah yes . I know all about it . there . I be rest now . she turn she horse around in the direction from which they come . Raleigh follow . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) we can be something to each other , I hope , Mr. Raleigh . she spur she horse , and suddenly she 's racing away , back across the park to the distant band of mount courtier and Queen 's lady , include bess . Raleigh spur he horse to follow , also fast , but this time careful to keep a distance behind . as they near the courtier , Raleigh split off . bess watch as Elizabeth turn and look after he as he ride 3 away . 6 36 int . bess' bedroom - night bess creep out of she bedroom , pull on a cloak . int . whitehall palace - night 37 37 bess make she way down the dark palace corridor , step over sleep courtier as she go . Margaret watch she from the shadow . ext . london alley - night 38 38 cloak and hood , bess pass quietly down a alley , step over more sleep form . London 's homeless . she find a door , check a note she hold , glance round to be sure no one see she , knock and enter . int london house - night 39 39 a man close the door behind he visitor . bess shake off she hood . it 's George throckmorton , one of the conspirator . they embrace . double Blue - july 8 - p.43c bess George ! what 's wrong ? be you father alright ? throckmorton he 's old . he will not live long now . thank you for come , dear bess . bess I be worried . you must send I no more letter . you know what would happen if I be catch . throckmorton I need you help . bess do you need more money ? throckmorton my father be a tired old man . we do not want to hide like this anymore . we both want to get back to court . bess you be know papist . throckmorton the Queen love you . speak to she . bess I cannot betray the Queen . throckmorton you be not betray she . my father and I will embrace the new faith . bess be suspicious and start to leave . bess do not put I in danger like this . throckmorton cousin bess , we have know each other all we life . I would do nothing to harm you . bess I be sorry . throckmorton if they catch we , they will kill we . we life be in you hand . E double Blue - july 8 - p.43d int . hallway , whitehall palace - day 40 40 a group of the Queen 's lady make they way down the hallway , bess among they . the other be gossipe in low whisper as they go . bess be silent with anxiety . then she look ahead , and she face fill with fear . Walsingham be come down the hallway towards they . the lady curtsey . he nod , and throw a glance at bess . the lady move on . bess look back . Walsingham be also look back , and seem to be watch she . int . privy chamber , whitehall palace - day 41 41 bess hurry ahead of the other through the privy chamber to the Queen 's private quarter . 42 B 42 int . queen' private quarter - day ess pass lady organise the Queen 's wardrobe . she find the Queen laugh with Raleigh - not alone , but unusually informal . lizabeth do not tease I , Mr Raleigh . there 's nothing I would like to do more . raleigh so why do not you ? elizabeth alright , then . I will . he blink : catch by surprise . elizabeth see ! you lie ! you do not want I on you ship at all . ( turn towards bess ) you be a liar ! Elizabeth now take in bess . o Green revision May 25 -p.44 elizabeth would you like to go to sea , bess ? bess majesty ? raleigh I be afraid that 's not possible . woman bring bad luck on board ship . elizabeth oh , do they ? raleigh lock up a hundred man in a space smaller than this room , for month at a time - Men have need . a beautiful woman like you would drive we all mad . elizabeth ( amused ) Men have need ? nce again Elizabeth meet Raleigh 's eye . then she break away , feel the contact be dangerous . elizabeth then let they stay on land and see to they need . ( to bess ) Mr Raleigh be eager to sail away to he infant colony , bess . we must persuade he to stay a little longer , must not we ? int . hallway , whitehall palace - day 42a 42a Raleigh be leave . Walsingham have be wait for he . he fall into step beside he . walsingham Mr Raleigh . a word of advice . the Queen choose to show you favour . you naturally wish to take advantage of that . ( beat ) do not ask for too much . raleigh you think all I want be money . walsingham I hope all you want be money . buff revision 6th June - p.44a raleigh you think I be a cynical adventurer , with little breeding and less education . you be wrong . I be a cynical adventurer with little breeding and a excellent education . walsingham I begin to see why the Queen like you . int / ext . london house - night 43 43 a soft knock on the door . Francis throckmorton go to the window and look out . throckmorton's Pov - in the street outside , a woman with she head cover . he unbolt the door . T hrockmorton bess ? two man burst in and seize he . they be Agents 4 and 5 . Beyond , the woman - not bess - be hurry away . throckmorton struggle . a single sharp blow , and he fold to the ground . 45 repositioned as scene 35 B 44 44 46-49 omitted 44a-b 44a - B int . queen' private quarter - day 45 45 multiple image of Elizabeth , naked . strange misty refracted glimpsis of she face , she body . a bath of steaming hot water have be place in the Queen 's private quarter , and screen by mirror . the Queen be in the bath , be wash by she lady . B ess throckmorton have the job of hold the Queen 's hair out of the water as she 's wash . she stroke the soft tresses as she hold they , unaware that Elizabeth can see she in the mirror . then she look up and catch Elizabeth 's eye , and stop in confusion . elizabeth no , do not stop . I like it . bess return to she gentle caress , and Elizabeth to she thought . elizabeth be it true , bess ? that I have never know the simple pleasure of be like for myself ? bess I hope you believe that I like you for yourself , my lady . elizabeth be anybody ever like just for themselves ? be you ? I doubt it . Men like you because you be pretty . and because you have the ear of the Queen . E May 1 Blue draft - P. 50 bess no doubt , my lady . elizabeth him too . he like you because he want my favour . you do realise that ? bess yes , my lady . elizabeth and the other thing too , of course . but all man want that . male desire confer no B distinction . ess stroke Elizabeth 's hair in silence . then she see Elizabeth gaze at she in the mirror . lizabeth I envy you , bess . you be free to have - what I can not have . you be my adventurer . do not be afraid . it 's all over so soon . 46 46 int . torture room - day a man who look like a shop assistant sit grab a quick lunch . he 's the torturer . nearby on a blood-stain bench lie a huddle half - naked figure , tremble uncontrollably . it 's Francis throckmorton . he 's neither manacle nor guard . his body be so break it 's not necessary . Walsingham enter . the torturer jump to he foot . Walsingham go to throckmorton . he gaze at he , shaking he head . he 's get too old for this dirty business . walsingham still nothing to tell I , Mr throckmorton ? throckmorton struggle to lift he head . T hrockmorton my soul will go free soon . walsingham I know about the Enterprise . I need name . but if you will not help I , perhaps you father will . he sign to the torturer . the torturer go into a adjoin cell . orchid revision 28 June - P. 51 walsingham he 's be question , as you have . I do have to know , you see . the torturer and a guard enter , drag between they the break but live body of old throckmorton . throckmorton no ! Old throckmorton look up , eye blank with suffer . throckmorton enough ! you want a name , I will give you a name . walsingham well ? Walsingham come close to hear . throckmorton choke out something we do not hear , but the torturer hear , and he eye open wide . incorporated into scene 46b 46a 46a orchid revision 28 June - P. 52 int . hallway , whitehall palace - day 46b 46b Elizabeth pass down a hallway at a brisk pace , hatton by she side , she lady hurry behind she . hatton another letter have come from Mary Stuart , majesty . ask to meet you . elizabeth fill with declaration of love ? hatton as always . elizabeth if she want my love , let she deserve it . refused . int . queen' private quarter , whitehall palace - day 47 47 Elizabeth enter she private quarter , now move with regal dignity once more , but the flush on she cheek give she away . her lady follow . there stand Raleigh , wait for she . elizabeth Mr Raleigh . I have keep you wait . raleigh you have more important concern than I . elizabeth there be always other business . but I have be wait too . Walsingham enter . walsingham majesty . Elizabeth turn on he with a frown of irritation . elizabeth yes , Walsingham ? walsingham the traitor have talk , majesty . the traitor throckmorton . orchid revision 28 June - P. 52 a a flash of fear in bess 's eye . elizabeth ( to Raleigh ) forgive I , sir . as you see , my time be not my own . Elizabeth move away so that Walsingham can talk to she in confidence . she listen to he murmured word , and anger show on she face . E May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 53 ext . torture room - day 48 48 the torturer , now off duty , be stand in the open doorway to empty he bladder . he 's unlace he britches , when he hear footstep approach behind . T orturer Harry ? the torturer begin to piss , with evident pleasure . torturer you will never guess what I hear - a knife at he throat . a quick slash . the killer , agent 3 , wait one more moment , to be sure the job be do . the torturer slump , still stand , against the wall . agent 3 slip away . on the flag stone , blood trickle down to mingle with the urine . int . whitehall palace - day 49 49 now there be guard everywhere . the whole palace be on heighten alert . lizabeth sweep out of the privy chamber into the great Hall , accompany by the Spanish ambassador on one side and Walsingham on the other . her entourage scuttle behind . elizabeth what do you know of the Enterprise of England , ambassador ? don guerau the Enterprise ...? forgive I , you majesty ... elizabeth it 's a plan for the invasion of my country . two army landing on the coast of sussex and - walsingham norfolk . elizabeth and norfolk . Mary Stuart be to be set free , and place on the English throne . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 54 elizabeth ( cont would ) I be to be assassinate . do any of this sound familiar ? don guerau I know nothing of any invasion plan . elizabeth I refer to this plan as the Enterprise of England . it should more accurately be call `la empresa di inglaterra ' , because it 's a Spanish plan . the plan of you king , my one - time brother - in - law , Philip ii , to attack my country . the ambassador decide the best form of defence be attack . D on guerau attack ? it be my country that be under attack ! you so - call pirate attack we merchant ship daily ! do you think we do not know where they order come from ? the whole world know that pirate sail up the Thames all the way to the royal bed ! elizabeth ( explode ) you will leave my presence , sir ! go back to Spain ! tell Philip that I do not fear he , or he priest , or he army . tell he if he want to shake he little fist at we , we be ready to give he such a bite he will wish he would keep he hand in he pocket . Don Guerau see no point in further pretence . he speak with pride and contempt . don guerau you see a leaf fall , and you think you know which way the wind blow . but a wind be come , madam , that will sweep away you pride . h e bow and turn to go . Elizabeth 's word blaze after he . elizabeth I too can command the wind , sir . I have a hurricane in I that will strip Spain bare , if you dare to try I ! May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 55 shiver with rage she turn round , and there 's Raleigh . her fury overflow onto he . elizabeth what be you stare at ? lower you eye ! I be the Queen ! she sweep past he without a further glance . on raleigh - watch Elizabeth go . a shake of he head . enough . ext . shipyard , spain - day 50 50 immense stack of cut timber as far as the eye can see . skeleton of new ship , big ship , rise in the great yard . hundred of ship - builder at work . T he be what the forest be fell for : a brand - new fleet be be build . tiny figure in the wide scene : the royal party appear . Philip have come to see progress for himself . as he and he entourage tour the construction site , one of he minister brief he on the latest development in England . spanish minister ( it can not be deny that we have lose the advantage of surprise . a large part of we plan have come into they hand . ) philip ( the Jesuit be still at liberty ? ) spanish minister ( we understand so , majesty . ) philip ( he know he business . we have lose nothing . ) the workmen kneel to Philip as he pass . philip ( tell the carpenter to go on work . no one be to stop for I . the fleet must be ready to sail in a month . ) spanish minister ( impossible , majesty ! ) philip ( if this be God 's work , God will make it possible . ) C May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 56 spanish minister ( only a miracle -) philip ( a miracle , then . let it be do ! ) int . captain cabin , tyger - day 51 51 lose on pen and paper - a letter be write in haste . Raleigh at a ship 's table litter with chart . he 's write a letter to the Queen . calley enter . calley visitor for you , sir . ext . deck , tyger - day 51a 51a the tyger be in dock . Raleigh emerge from he cabin to find bess wait for he . raleigh the Queen have send you to I . bess yes - raleigh tell the Queen that I will trouble she no more . as soon as my ship 's repair be complete I will ask permission to sail . bess the Queen ask I to assure you - raleigh I need no assurance . I be no courtier and never have be . I have lose my appetite for play game that it seem I be too stupid to understand . bess that be unfair - raleigh you call I unfair ! bess let I speak ! May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 57 Raleigh be take aback by bess 's sudden anger . bess the Queen shout at you once , and you sulk like a child . I think you more of a man than that . and I think you a better friend to the Queen . her every move be watch by a hundred eye . assassin plot to kill she . enemy prepare to overwhelm she country . and you say she 's play game ? Raleigh be watch she as she speak , and he 's impressed . anger suit she . raleigh very well . what be my Queen 's command ? bess go to she , sir . as she friend . 52 52 int . queen' private quarter - day Elizabeth be pace , disturb , Raleigh 's letter open in she hand . the door open . Raleigh enter . Elizabeth wait for the servant to close the door behind he . hold up the letter . elizabeth you ask permission to go . raleigh yes , majesty . elizabeth you plan to return to the New World . to you colony . for two , or three , or four year . raleigh if you majesty grant I you royal warrant . elizabeth that be a long time . raleigh there 's nothing leave for I to do here . at sea I know what I be to do , I know the risk , I know the reward . here - May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 58 a shrug . what can he do ? elizabeth but you be quite wrong . you be need here . I have decide to appoint you Captain of my personal guard . raleigh Captain of you - ! elizabeth kneel . he kneel . she tap he on the shoulder with one hand . elizabeth rise , Sir walter Raleigh . he rise , but keep he eye on the ground . elizabeth well ? you may express you gratitude . raleigh this be too great a honour . elizabeth if it 's such a honour , why be you stare at you boot ? raleigh you know why . he raise he eye , but he still do not look at she . elizabeth now you stare at the wall . be I so old and hideous that you can not even look I in the face ? he turn now , and look she in the face . raleigh why do you talk like a fool when you be anything but a fool ? this stop she in she track . for a moment she can not trust herself to speak . then : elizabeth my friend , forgive I . I be a vain and foolish woman . at court it 's all a game . I like to be admire . I require it . I grow accustom to it . but it 's all - nothing . B 5 May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 59 elizabeth ( cont would ) you come here as if from another world , and I - you have real adventure , you go where the map end . I would follow you there if I could , believe I . Raleigh look long into she eye . if anything , he admire and love she all the more now . elizabeth the storm cloud be gather , my friend . please do not leave I now . ext . gallow - day 53 53 close on throckmorton as the noose be tightened round he neck . his face be ravage by the torture he 's endure , but he hold he head high , ready for death . round he a unseen crowd bay for blood . crowd ( o.s. ) hang ! hang ! hang ! reston ( v.o. ) Lord have mercy on the soul of you servant , who give he life for you eternal truth ... int . secret room - day 4 54 a candle - light cellar , where reston and the conspirator pray for the condemn man , head bow . abington burst in . babington Francis be about to die ! we must act ! R eston he enter heaven as a soldier return home victorious from war . babington why do not we strike ? what 's he die for ? be this part of you plan ? reston put he hand on babington 's shoulder and gently but irresistibly force he down to pray with they . reston Lord , be with we as the end approach . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 60 reston ( cont would ) we will not fail in we duty . we look beyond death , to eternity . ext . gallow - day 55 55 throckmorton drop . his body flail . his neck break . a roar of bloodlust from the crowd . ( renumbered - see scene 51a ) 55a 55 a int . private chapel - night 55b 55b bess be on she knee before the simple altar , she head bow in prayer . Raleigh enter through the rear door . he stand in silence , watch she as she pray . he hear she sigh . he take a step towards she . she hear , startle . turn and see he . bess oh ! it 's you ! raleigh I be sorry . I do not mean to disturb you . bess my prayer 's do . she rise to she foot . raleigh something have distress you . bess and I think I pray in silence . raleigh so you do . she turn away , unable to look he in the eye . bess a man be hang today . a papist . I know he well . he be my cousin . he die because I give information . I give information to prove my loyalty . because I be afraid . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 61 raleigh that 's necessity . that 's the world we live in . bess he tell I he want to change . become part of the new England . I be afraid that he be lie to I . but what if - what if it be true ? he see the horror in she eye , at the think that she have send a innocent man to he death . tear rise to she eye . bess what if I be he last hope ? what if I be the one person he think he could trust ? raleigh if you know he well , you will have sense the truth . bess I think so . raleigh he be hope to use you . you do what you have to do . she can no longer hold back the tear . raleigh there , now . he wipe away a tear from she cheek . in desperate need of comfort , she throw herself into he arm . he hold she close as she sob . raleigh we be all mortal , bess . we do what we can . he stroke she cheek . she meet he eye , fill with gratitude . she take the hand that touch she face and move it to she lip . she kiss it , still hold he eye . he draw she back into he arm , and they kiss . suddenly they be kissing eagerly , greedily , they long pent - up passion release at last . omitted 56 56 a C May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 62 ext . chartley hall - day 57 57 a brewer 's wagon , pull by two dray horse and carry beer barrel , cross the ancient bridge over the moat and pull up by the gate . the brewer , a big ugly man call burton , look down at the guard . beside he , take care not to draw attention to himself , sit ramsay . burton Morning . another filthy day on God 's stinking earth . guard Morning to you . it 's a familiar ritual . the guard search the wagon . int . cellar , chartley hall - day 58 58 burton , stand outside , roll the barrel through a trap door and down a chute into the cellar , where they be catch by the cellarman , and stack . another guard stand and watch . B urton last cask ! the cellarman take it , then close the trap door . the guard watch as the cellarman empty the beer barrel into open vat ; leave the bung on one side . the barrel be then throw on a fire . ellarman nothing but beer . satisfied ? int . cellar , chartley hall - day 59 59 close on the bung , unnotice on a side shelf . a female hand pick up one of the bung . finger probe . a cavity open . Inside , tightly fold page . int . hallway , chartley hall - day 60 60 nnette , Mary Stuart 's may , walk calmly up to the guard outside the door to she mistress 's apartment . she nod at he , and he unlock the door , let she through . o May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 63 int . mary stuart quarter , chartley hall - day 61 61 nce inside , annette abandon she calm manner , and hurry through the apartment . annette Madame ! Madame ! Mary Stuart come to meet she . annette remove the crumpled papers from she undergarment . Mary cross herself , take the letter to a lamp , and devour it with eager eye . mary ( to herself ) the gentleman be ready . it will be soon now . annette bless mother of God pray for we ! mary bring I pen and paper , annette . they wait on my reply . hurry , now , hurry ! 62 62 ext . river / dee's house - dusk the moon see through a sextant . a strange figure stand on the flat roof of a riverside house , study the night sky . he 's tall , with a long point beard and a skullcap : the famous magus dr JOHN dee . a hiss and splash from the night river . he turn to look . out of the mist and shadow come the light of a approach barge . on the royal barge - Elizabeth and Walsingham , wrap against night chill , be row up river . over this , line lead from the next scene : elizabeth ( v.o. ) W ell , Dr Dee . here I be again , back to consult the wisdom of you chart . int . dee's house - dusk 63 63 the finest library in England . the great array of scientific instrument . part study , part laboratory , part magician 's lair , Dr Dee 's house be cramme with the evidence of he wide - range curiosity . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 64 the magus sit at a table before a astrological chart , while Elizabeth and Walsingham look on . dee the alignment of the planet be most unusual this year . Mars be due to take the ascendant three day after the anniversary of you birth - you majesty be bear on September 7th - and I see that twelve day before the anniversary of you birth - he transfer he attention to a different , astronomical chart . dee - there will be a full moon - the moon which - he move back to the astrological chart . dee - govern the fortune of all prince of the female gender . elizabeth prince of the female gender . dee I mean to say , a prince who be also a woman . elizabeth yes , Dr Dee . I be follow you . so what do it all mean ? D ee it mean the rise of a great empire , majesty . and it mean convulsion , also . the fall of a empire . Elizabeth listen , a faraway look in she eye . she know nothing of the planet , but she feel it deep within herself : she moment of destiny be near . elizabeth which empire be to rise , and which be to fall ? dee that I can not say . astrology be , as yet , more a art than a science . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 65 Walsingham have be idly examine the scientific instrument . he speak now as if he question be casual . walsingham nothing more , Dr Dee ? no more specific calamity that we can guard against ? elizabeth he mean , will I be assassinate ? walsingham queen be mortal . Dr Dee smile as he gently contradict he . dee Elizabeth be mortal . the Queen will never die . elizabeth you see , Francis ? this be a mystery . ( to Dee ) he have no patience with mystery . W alsingham what I do not know , I can not use . dee and yet mystery have power . have you not learn that ? elizabeth Francis . leave we for a moment . Walsingham leave . Elizabeth turn to Dr Dee . now for a short private moment the Queen become a woman . elizabeth and the private life of this prince of the female gender , Dr Dee ? what do the star foretell there ? or be this too a mystery ? dee this be matter of state , majesty . elizabeth do the star not foretell matter of state ? dee for such a prediction , I must look in a different chart . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 66 he mean she face . he murmur to himself as he study she feature , read she character . dee wonderful ... out of such suffer , to have forge such strength ... you will need all you strength in day to come ... and love ... so much love ... but as he look , he find something more that disturb he . dee but you doubt yourself , my child ... I have not see fear in you face before . elizabeth have I reason to fear ? dee something have weaken you ... there be danger , yes ... you strength lie in you spirit . nothing else matter . there be hard day come . you must trust the power of you spirit . Elizabeth be shake by this word . Dee turn to look out once more at the night sky . dee but I be no prophet . I see no more than the shadow of ghost . elizabeth a art , not a science . I understand . ext . thame - dusk 64 64 the royal barge return down the night river . Elizabeth sit in silence , gaze into the darkness , deep in she own thought . int . raleigh's house - dusk 65 65 Raleigh and bess make love . int . queen' private quarter - night 66 66 Elizabeth stand before a long mirror , alone in she dress chamber , illuminate by lamp light . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 67 she wear a plain shift . she loosen the tie of she shift and let it fall to the floor , leave she naked . she gaze at she own naked body in the mirror . int . secret room - night 67 R 67 eston sit at the table , write by candle light . burton the brewer enter . reston leap to he foot , very tense . reston you have it ? burton hand he the letter . reston open it and read it at speed . then he hand it to a man we do not see . reston what do you think ? there must be clear and valid authority . he gaze at the unseen man , wait on he verdict . william ( o.o.v . ) no . it will not do . reston nod agreement . he return to the table and dash off a letter , mutter as he do so . reston we wait on a direct order . he complete the note and give it to burton . reston one more journey , my friend . then - ( fiercely ) consummatum est ! it be finish . int . bess' bedroom - night 67a 67a bess lie restlessly asleep . suddenly she give a start and wake . she stifles a scream with she hand . on the far side of the room , sit watch she in silence , be Walsingham . bess please ! I be innocent ! I have always be a loyal servant of the Queen . I would never betray the Queen , never - walsingham but you have , my dear . and you do . we both know that . E D May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 68 bess know he mean she affair with Raleigh . now she 's too terrify to speak . Walsingham rise . walsingham keep I inform , and all will be well . I do not like surprise . he leave . int . queen' private quarter , whitehall palace - day 68 68 dancing master jump ! the dance master be instruct bess in the dance call La volta , watch by the Queen , she lady and courtier . a trio of musician play a jaunty tune . ancing master ( to bess ) when I push like this , my lady , give a jump into the air . elizabeth let he throw you round , bess . you can trust he . the dance master spin bess round and lift she up into the air . her foot fly out as she spin . it 's a bold , even risqu dance , and the onlooker laugh to see it . dancing master and round - and round - and round - and down ! he lower bess to the ground . she love it . as the spin begin again , Raleigh enter . lizabeth L a volta , Mr Raleigh . the jump . I require all my lady to learn it . you see how fearless bess be . Raleigh watch bess dance . raleigh you like you lady to jump at you command ? elizabeth sometimes . do you think that wrong ? S May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 69 raleigh no , no . you be the Queen . you be to be obey . elizabeth to tell you the truth , Mr Raleigh , there be time when I be tired of be always in control . raleigh nonsense . elizabeth what ? raleigh you do not mean a word of it . you eat and drink control . elizabeth do you say so ? the exercise end . all clap . elizabeth bess , you must try a dance with Mr Raleigh . he 's eager to show we he skill . raleigh no skill at all , majesty . I do not know the step . elizabeth oh , it 's very simple . he go to bess to demonstrate , hold she by the waist . elizabeth you stand like this , with you hand firmly clasped here - and when she jump , on the eighth step , you swing she round - once , twice , three time - and you be back to the beginning . what could be simpler ? dancing master you majesty know the dance better than I . elizabeth so come , Mr Raleigh . take you position . I be to be obey . raleigh as you majesty wish . m May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 70 Raleigh take he place with bess . elizabeth hold she tight . I do not want she drop . ( to the musician ) play ! the dance begin again . bess jump , and Raleigh swing she round and round , find the knack after a awkward start . Elizabeth watch , smile , nodd to the beat . she can see the face of the dancer ; and so long as she control the intimacy between they , she 's excited by it . Walsingham enter and stand by she side , watch . elizabeth ( low ) leave she alone , Walsingham . I want both of they leave alone . 69 69 scene renumbered - see scene 67a 70 70 int . mary stuart quarter , chartley hall - day Mary Stuart be praying , but under cover of she bible , she be write a secret letter . Sir amyas paulet enter , with three man . Mary close the letter in she bible . ary be I a danger to England even when I pray ? p aulet as always , mar 'am , my concern be for you safety . mary I pray for my cousin Elizabeth . do you think she pray for I ? int . secret room - day 71 71 Mary 's latest letter be now in reston 's hand . babington and ramsay sit stare at reston . this time the Jesuit be pleased . he read the letter aloud to the unseen man . reston ` if we force be in readiness , both within and without the realm , then you Queen command you to set the gentleman to work . ' May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 71 reston ( cont would ) ( with quiet steely satisfaction ) I think we have it . he hand the letter over . for the first time we see who it be : William , now reveal as one of the conspirator . William read the letter for himself . william ( nodd agreement ) this be the spark that will set England ablaze . reston take out pistol , and hand one to ramsay , one to babington . R eston we have be patient long enough . let God 's work begin . int . study , walsingham's house - night 72 72 Walsingham be at work at he desk . a knock on the door . Walsingham do not look up from he papers . William enter , wrap in a cloak , one hand conceal . william it 's I . William . walsingham ( still not look up ) where have you be ? we have not see you for day . william I meet up with some old friend . walsingham from Paris , no doubt . william yes . walsingham and now you have come back . he look up at last . walsingham do you know , I can still remember the day you be bear ? he smile , but there 's sadness in he eye . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 72 walsingham I be eleven year old . and you , this helpless bundle . I look at you in you crib , with you little wrinkle face , and I love you from the first . I vow then to look after you . I watch you grow up with you head in the cloud , always a dreamer . I could not follow you there . and now I have fail you , have not I ? forgive I if I have not love you enough . clink . something fall from William 's hand to the floor . his face have go grey . walsingham do you really think I do not know ? on the floor - a dagger . William open he mouth to answer , but no sound come out . Walsingham rap twice on he desk . the door open , and Agents 4 and 5 enter . walsingham be it for money ? at least tell I you get a good price . W illiam shake he head . walsingham what then ? what would you murder you own brother for ? william ( whisper ) eternal life . Walsingham stare at he . a great sadness building . walsingham eternal life . the bribe no man can refuse . omitted ( incorporated into scene 71 ) 73 73 ext . whitehall palace - day 74 74 close on Elizabeth , surround by courtier and bodyguard , as she process from the presence chamber to the Chapel Royal . as before , the way be line with eager supplicant . May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 73 close on babington and ramsay , force they way through the crowd to the front line . Elizabeth disappear from view into the Chapel . royal servant the Queen be at she prayer ! T he chapel door begin to close . babington now ! ramsay hurl himself forward , shouting - ramsay God for Mary ! England 's true Queen ! the guard run to seize he , open up a momentary space - babington sprint through it for the close chapel door - int . chapel royal - day 75 75 babington burst into the chapel , see a line of lady kneel , mask the figure in front of the altar - he pull out a pistol - babington Elizabeth ! Elizabeth turn and rise to confront the assassin 's gun . babington stare at she , hypnotise by she fearlessness . then he pull the trigger . bang ! Elizabeth still stare at he . she 's unhurt . babington let out a cry of anguish , and crumple to the ground . Elizabeth stare on into space , freeze by the moment , magnificent . int . mary stuart quarter , chartley hall - day 76 76 Mary pace impatiently in she room , trail by she little dog . she hear the sound of bell . Joy flood she feature . pound foot . she turn to see Sir amyas paulet hurry towards she , through a gate in the wall . mary you bring news ? May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 74 paulet the Queen have be attack - mary yes ? paulet the assassin seize - mary yes ? paulet the Queen unharme - mary unharm ? paulet and you , mar 'am , be under arrest . he have lead up to this deliberately , and now stand smile at she utter confusion . the man who look like a fool have be play he own game all along . mary I ? what have any of this to do with I ? paulet make a sign . burton the brewer come through the gate : Walsingham 's man after all . p aulet that 's the trouble with intrigue , be not it ? with so many secret , you can never quite tell who 's on who 's side , until the game end . he take the hollow bung out of one pocket and admire it . paulet my own invention . theatrical , but effective . my master have every letter you have write . mary you master ? paulet Walsingham . now she know it 's over . she begin to weep . mary traitors . I be surround by traitor . who be I to trust ? May 1 Blue draft 28 June - P. 75 she pick up she little dog , weep bitterly . mary only my little one ... int . prison - day 77 77 Walsingham have a lamp in he hand . he move slowly along a passage , bow down by a sense of failure . he direct the light of he lamp through cell bar onto a face . the Jesuit . reston look back , unafraid . walsingham ready to die , I see , Jesuit . reston I have do what I be send to do . walsingham why be the gun not load ? reston do not answer . Walsingham gaze at he a moment longer . then he move the lamp along . there , shackle and white - face , sit babington and ramsay . Walsingham study they face . Walsingham carry he lamp down the passage and shine it into the next cell . here lie a man in chain , huddle on the floor . he look up as the light fall on he . William . Walsingham look down on the pitiful sight . W alsingham what be the Jesuit send to do ? william to kill the Queen . you know it . you know everything . walsingham not quite everything . william I have tell you all I know . go ahead and kill I . take what 's leave of I . I do not care any more . all my life you have have everything and I have have nothing . so finish it . there 's a better world wait for I . we will all be judge in the end , brother . even you . Walsingham gaze down on this pitiful show of pride . orchid revision 28 June - P. 76 walsingham you be no martyr . you be not even much of a murderer . go back to France . back to you dream . never let I hear of you again . Walsingham turn away . as he go we see what he will not show William : that the hurt of the betrayal be almost more than he can bear . he go back up the passage . as he pass reston , the Jesuit call out softly . reston send I home . int . escorial palace , spain - day 78 p 78 hilip sit listen intently , stare into space , the infanta by he side . Don Guerau de spes be briefing he . don guerau ( they have letter in Mary Stuart 's own hand . all England cry out for she death . ) Philip nod as he listen . all go to plan . he turn to the infanta . philip ( my dearest , how would you like to be Queen of England ? ) orchid revision 28 June - P. 77 int . queen' private quarter , whitehall palace - day 79 79 Elizabeth sit deep in think , bess by she side . shadows all round . elizabeth they say she 's taller than I . her hair be chestnut in colour . her eye be hazel . they say she 's beautiful . but people lie . they say I be beautiful . a dismissive shrug . clearly she do not think herself beautiful . bess she plotted to kill you . elizabeth yes , it 's true . I have read she letter . I too be a prisoner once . I have fear for my life . I have do terrible thing - just to live . bess so do we all . elizabeth I can be merciful . but she protest she innocence , and that be a lie . why will she not admit she have wronge I ? bess she will go on lie till you cut out she traitor 's heart . Elizabeth stare at she in surprise . elizabeth you use to be gentler , bess . bess I use to be quieter , majesty . int . great hall , fotheringay castle - day 80 80 Mary Stuart sit before she accuser in the great Hall of this sombre castle , she new prison . she wear black , but she be proud , compose , and beautiful . she be face by a commission of lord , appoint to try she . W orchid revision 28 June -p. 77a mary who be you to sit in judgement on I ? by what authority do you condemn a Queen ? God alone have make I what I be . he be my only judge . raise you law above God 's law , and what law remain ? in you vanity and ignorance you set loose the monster of misrule . you know neither who you be nor what you do . but I know who I be . I die as I have live - trust in the mercy of my God - a Queen . 8 1 81 int . privy chamber , whitehall palace - night Elizabeth raging at Walsingham . elizabeth must die ? Mary Stuart must die ? where be it write ? who dare to give order to the Queen ? alsingham majesty , this be no time for mercy - elizabeth do not preach at I , old man . look at you ! you can hardly stand . go home to you wife . go home to you bed . walsingham the law must have its way . orchid revision 28 June - p.78 elizabeth the law be for common man , not for prince . Walsingham see there 's no point in persist . he bow and withdraw . int . hallway , whitehall palace - day 82 82 Raleigh come hurry towards the Queen 's quarter . bess see he approach and come out to meet he . they speak low , not want the ever- present guard to hear they . bess thank God you have come . I have never see she so distress . she 's be alone in she room since morning . she will see no one . raleigh have she ask for I ? bess no . but she need you . I know she do . Raleigh take bess 's B hand in he , discreetly . ess go to she . orchid revision 28 June - p.79 int . queen' private quarter , whitehall palace - day 83 83 Elizabeth sit alone , deep in think . Raleigh enter , and come before she . she do not look round , but she know it 's he . raleigh my Queen . elizabeth my friend . still she do not turn to he . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) do bess bid you come ? have you too come to tell I I must murder a Queen ? raleigh no . you do not need I to instruct you in you duty . elizabeth my duty ? be it my father 's duty to murder my mother ? I would be loath to die so bloody a death . raleigh since when be you so afraid ? now she look at he . elizabeth yes , I be afraid . I be always afraid . Raleigh look back at she in silence for a long moment . then - raleigh you fear you soul will be touch . royalty be close to immortality . kill a Queen - and queen be mortal . elizabeth you understand I well . raleigh we mortal have many weakness . we feel too much . hurt too much . and all too soon , we die . but we do have the chance of love . 8 orchid revision 28 June - p.79 a Elizabeth close she eye . elizabeth do we ? do we really ? she nod , she eye still close . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I owe England my life . do not ask for my soul . int . mary quarter , fotheringay castle - night 4 84 Mary Stuart at supper , feed titbit from the table to she little dog . Sir amyas paulet enter . Mary see at once from he face that he bring grave news . E o T may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 80 mary you face tell I . it 's decide . paulet tomorrow morning . at eight . annette , she may , burst into wail sob . Mary herself go very still . she 's start to carry out she final strategy . mary please do not cry . int . great hall , fotheringay castle - day 85 85 the great timbere hall of the castle have be specially prepare for the execution . a stage have be construct in the centre , and around the stage be chair upon which dignitaries and member of parliament be already sit . the block dominate the stage . beside it , the hood executioner with he axe . the dean of peterborough in he clerical robe . T here be more chair in the body of the hall , occupy by member of the public . they be all wait for the performance to begin . Mary enter . he people crane they neck to see she . she do not disappoint . she be wear a black velvet gown , she luxurious auburn hair tie in a bunch . her lady , follow she in procession , show sign of weep and distress , but Mary herself glide to the platform with a regal bear . n she face there be a look that be almost ecstatic . int . queen' private quarter , whitehall palace - day 86 86 lizabeth , alone . she know what 's happen . she can not rest or be at peace . she try to sit , then pace , become more and more agitate . int . great hall , fotheringay castle - day 87 87 as Mary mount the stage , the executioner kneel . executioner forgiveness , you grace . N may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 81 mary I forgive you with all my heart , for now , I hope , you will make a end of all my trouble . she stand , smile still , and hold out she arm to let she lady disrobe she . int . privy chamber , whitehall palace - day 88 88 ow deeply distress , Elizabeth suddenly burst out of the privy chamber into the great presence chamber , tear welling into she eye . bess close behind she . she hardly notice the people around she , until she see Raleigh . elizabeth I want it stop ! 89 89 int . great hall , fotheringay castle - day Mary 's black dress fall to the ground , revealing underneath a petticoat of dark red silk - the colour of martyrdom . there be a collective gasp from the spectator . int . great hall , whitehall - day 90 90 Elizabeth be hysterical , shouting in Raleigh 's restrain arm . elizabeth no ! it must be stop ! int . great hall , fotheringay castle - day 91 91 Mary kneel , put she head on the block . m ary into you hand , o Lord , I commend my spirit . she stretch out she arm as a signal . the axe come down . int . great hall , whitehall - day 92 92 Elizabeth cry out , as if the axe have fall on she neck . then she sink sobbing to the ground , support by both Raleigh and bess ; and for a moment , the three be united in a single embrace . p may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 82 executioner ( v.o. ) God save the Queen ! int . great hall , fotheringay castle - day 93 93 on the face of the awed spectator . we see , foreground , the scarlet - clad torso of the execute Mary . a gasp of horror from the spectator . the dead woman 's skirt be move . out from under she skirt creep she little dog . the dog look round , not understanding , and whimper softly . annette take the dog into she arm . int . council chamber , escorial palace - day 95 T 95 he sound of cheer crowd outside in the plaza call out the one Spanish word : ` War ! war! War ! ' . hilip enter from the balcony , walk briskly , hold the infanta by the hand . he come to a stop before he assemble minister . his eye shine . philip ( a sweet and Christian lady lie martyre , slain by a- godless - childless - bastard ! blood must pay for blood ! we have just and holy cause ! I call the legion of Christ to war ! Elizabeth ! blood - soak virgin Elizabeth ! you will pay with you country - you throne - and you life ! ) int . hallway , whitehall palace - night 96 96 on walsingham - as he walk through the palace . walsingham ( v.o. ) forgive I . in my weakness and my vanity , I have fail you . int . privy chamber , whitehall palace - day 97 97 Walsingham on he knee before Elizabeth , abasing himself in shame . Elizabeth be in control once more . E lizabeth how have you fail I ? what be I to forgive you for ? may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 83 walsingham Philip of Spain be a god-fear man . he can not make war without just cause . he send the Jesuit to kill a Queen . but not you . elizabeth not I ! walsingham the Jesuit 's mission be to draw Mary Stuart into the murder plot . he know I be read she every letter . he wait until she write the word that seal she guilt . now Elizabeth get it . elizabeth ( slowly ) and I order she execution . I murder God 's anoint Queen . and now God 's most dutiful son make holy war to punish I . walsingham forgive I , majesty . let I go . Elizabeth hardly hear he any more . she realise the end game be upon she . elizabeth yes ... go ... Walsingham leave . Elizabeth never even look at he . she 's look into the distance , prepare herself for what must now come . int . lisbon cathedral - day 98 98 the great Standard of the Armada , bear the image of the virgin , be carry into the cathedral . Philip follow , lead a column of Spain 's noblest grandee and prince of the church . the archbishop sprinkle holy water onto the Standard , and make the sign of the Cross over it . archbishop exurge , domine et vindica causam tuam . amen . Philip kneel to kiss the bless Standard - which be then thrust aloft again , into the vast space of the Cathedral . may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 84 and at once there be a great outpour of emotion , the congregation applaud , many weep at the sight . 9 int . queen' private quarter - night 9 99 Elizabeth be alone , pace slowly , read a book - the consolation of philosophy , by boethius . she read , pause , look into the far distance ; then read and walk again . elizabeth ( v.o . ) ` think you that there be any certainty in the affair of mankind , when you know that one swift hour can destroy the great among we ? ' she turn , and there be Raleigh . she hold up she book . elizabeth boethius . raleigh the consolation of philosophy . elizabeth thank you for come at this late hour . she close she book and put it away . elizabeth we be at war . who know when we will meet again . if we will meet again . raleigh May the Lord God preserve England 's Queen . elizabeth the same God in whose name Philip wage he holy war . Philip be a righteous man , and righteous man love to destroy . they burn whole world to make they pure , and leave behind - ash . raleigh he will not burn England . elizabeth he may . his Armada be invincible , they say . if London fall , I fall . if England be lose , I be lose . may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 85 raleigh never ! elizabeth never ? it 's night . my thought turn dark . do not you ever think that one day , perhaps one day soon , you too will die ? raleigh the closer I come to death , the more I want to live . the hungrier I be for life . his defiant energy break Elizabeth 's morbid mood . E lizabeth you be right . we must live while we can . raleigh why be afraid of tomorrow ? today 's all we have , and all we know . elizabeth today . tonight . raleigh now . they hold each other 's eye . elizabeth I wish - but she can not say it . raleigh I have never know a woman like you . elizabeth in some other time , in some other world , could you have love I ? raleigh I know only one world . in this world , I have love you . Elizabeth smile a small smile . elizabeth then there 's ... something you could do for I - something I have not know for a very long time - if you feel so inclined - may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 86 Raleigh intuit what she want . he come closer as she speak . E lizabeth something not to be speak of afterwards - to be forget - but just for now - she lift she head to he . she meet he eye . elizabeth a kiss ? he take she in he arm , and they kiss . one kiss to hold all that might have be , all that they both know can never be . when at last they part she turn away from he , head bow , eye still close , hold on to the sweet moment . ext . lisbon harbour - day 100 100 close image as the Armada standard be carry in procession to the flagship , and hoist into position on the ship 's tower prow . cannon fire a booming salute . as the standard billow in the breeze , beyond it we see the forest of mast that make up the great Armada . 101 101 int . antechamber , whitehall palace - day the palace be galvanise by the invasion threat . armed man go by at the double , pass servant haul out trolley bear valuable , as the court prepare for the worst . Raleigh and Howard stride fast across the Guard chamber , the first of the sequence of great room . they be deep in war talk . bess appear ahead , and beckon he to a secluded corner . R aleigh bess , I have be order to my ship - bess stop he mouth with one finger . bess I will be quick . I have something to tell you . but I ask for nothing . be that understand ? you life be you own . nothing will change . may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 87 raleigh what be this , bess ? two court official hurry by . bess lower she voice . bess I be - her hand touch she waist . raleigh you be pregnant ? bess no one know . my plan be make . I shall ask the Queen for permission to leave court . I shall live quietly in the country with - with my child . the Queen must know nothing . Raleigh stare at she , stunne . more people be pass . this be no place for R display of strong feel . aleigh where will you go ? bess to my mother 's house . raleigh you can not go ! bess I be a ward of the Queen . I can not court a man without she permission . I can not marry without she permission . as for have a child - another official pass by . raleigh when be you plan to leave ? bess as soon as I be allow . Raleigh find himself catch in a impossible situation . his internal struggle show itself in the twist and jerk of he body . raleigh be I not to see you again ? what 's to become of the child ? bess - B may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 88 bess hush ! we have no choice . you know it as well as I do . raleigh all I know be nothing 's as it should be . bess please listen . you once say to I , ` whatever I have to give , ask and it 's yours . ' do you remember ? raleigh of course I remember . bess I ask that you forget I . go to you ship . do you duty . forget I . R aleigh gaze at she , deeply move . raleigh oh , bess ... the Queen 's lady come hurry by . Margaret call to bess as they go . margaret bess ! we be summon . ess I be come . ( to Raleigh ) Goodbye . she run after the lady . Raleigh walk slowly after they down the hall . on he face a new look form . he know now what he 's go to do . omitted 102 102 ext . sea - day 103 103 a empty horizon . then , on the very line of the horizon , the ghost of a movement . Far away , too small to make out , something be come . 1 may 1 blue draft 28 June - P. 89 int . elizabeth' bedchamber , whitehall palace - night 104 104 Elizabeth start up in bed , call out in sudden fear . elizabeth Air ! I must have air ! her servant hurry in , and open the window . Elizabeth go to the open window and breathes in deeply . she look up at the moon . raleigh ( v.o. ) with this ring I thee wed . with my body I thee worship ... 05 105 int . private chapel - night Raleigh and bess be be marry in secret by a priest . the only witness be bess 's fellow may of honour Margaret . Raleigh make he vow tenderly and lovingly , he eye on bess throughout . raleigh ... and with all my worldly goods h I thee endow . e place the ring on she leave thumb . raleigh in the name of the father - he move the ring to she forefinger - raleigh and of the Son - to she index finger - raleigh and of the Holy Spirit . and finally onto she ring finger . raleigh amen . int . map room , whitehall palace - day 106 106 a room in which a map of Europe be inlaid in the floor . a table strewn with map stand in the centre . Elizabeth be imperious , back in control . E grey revision 22 June -p.90 elizabeth this Spanish Armada be at sea carry a army of ten thousand man . ( indicate on the map ) the Duke of parma have fifteen thousand man on the french coast . walsingham they plan to cross the Channel in barge , under the protection of the Spanish fleet , and sail up the Thames . elizabeth but they do not yet have enough barge at calais . we have a little time . walsingham ( surprised ) that be so . elizabeth we force defend the Thames entrance at tilbury . how many man ? hatton we have three , possibly four thousand , majesty . walsingham if the Spanish fleet reach calais in strength , the combine army will be beyond we power to resist . lizabeth therefore , the Spanish fleet must not reach calais . howard majesty , this vast Armada will surely smash through we naval defence . we must be prepare for the worst . int . whitehall palace - day 107 E 107 lizabeth walk briskly through the great public room back to she quarter , with Walsingham by she side and she entourage follow behind . E May 1 Blue draft -p.91 walsingham how do you know about the number of the dutch barge , majesty ? I do not recall supplying you with that information . elizabeth you may observe , Walsingham , that I do not see my way with only one eye . nor do I hop along on only one leg . why then would I rely on only one source of information ? she sweep into she quarter . her lady , wait there , jump up in haste . she scan they . lizabeth where 's bess ? her eye coem to rest on Margaret . she see that Margaret know something . elizabeth where be she ? ext . the lizard , cornwall - dusk 108 108 we be on the very tip of England . a watch - tower have be build , and next to it a large beacon of wood . a young man be mind the watch . he stare out to sea , catch sight of something . over the rim of the world have appear the long line of the Spanish fleet , like a float wall , black and menace . h e run down the step from the tower . he light a bundle of stick and thrust they again and again into the beacon . the beacon catch fire . as the flame rise into the sky , so a second beacon erupt into flame on the next headland . and then a third on the next , a fourth on the next , a fifth , disappear around the coastline . int . whitehall palace - dusk 109 109 Doors burst open and Elizabeth come storming out , barely contain a powerful rage . elizabeth bess ! bess throckmorton ! bess come run from the far end . May 1 Blue draft -p.92 bess here , my lady ! elizabeth tell I ! be it true ? be you marry ? be you with child ? be you with child ? bess stand before she with she head bow . bess yes , my lady . Elizabeth fall on she with uncontrolled rage , strike out at she , beat she about the head , shriek out the word that so inflame and wound she . bess take the blow in silence . elizabeth you traitress ! you dare to have secret from I ! I be you Queen ! you ask my permission before you rut - before you marry - before you breed ! my bitch wear my collar ! do you hear I ? how dare you be with child ! Walsingham come hobbling up . walsingham majesty , please ! dignity - mercy - but Elizabeth be too far go . she turn on he , eye blaze . elizabeth this be no time for mercy ! that 's what you say to I . I do not forget . but you show mercy , Walsingham ! go to you traitor brother , and leave I to my business ! W alsingham turn white . Elizabeth be back berate bess . elizabeth be it he child ? tell I ! say it ! be the child he ? tell I ! say it ! be it he ? bess respond to the Queen 's hysteria with dignity . bess yes , my lady . it be - my husband 's child . her gaze reach beyond the Queen . Elizabeth turn . F May 1 Blue draft -p.93 Raleigh have come up to they unnotice . he have see and hear all . he speak to Elizabeth quietly , sadly . raleigh this be not the Queen I love and serve . Elizabeth stare at he . he meet she eye . his gaze be so unflinch that slowly the madness drain out of she . when she speak next , she be she proud self again . elizabeth this gentleman have seduce a lady under my care . this lady have marry without my consent . this be offence punishable by law . ( to Walsingham ) arrest he . omitted 110 110 ext . english coast - dusk 111 111 rom way up high we see beacon after warning beacon burst into flame , the light from they describe the contour of England . as they rush on , they suddenly divide , some continue along the coast , other racing inland . renumbered - see scene 112b 112 112 112a 112a int . dee's house - dusk Dr Dee watch as Elizabeth prowl he cluttere room , release the tension that have swell to burst point within she . elizabeth the fall of a empire , you tell I . do you mean the English empire ? because by God , England will not fall while I be Queen ! if that 's you prophecy , sir , prophesy again ! dee you want I to tell you majesty only what you majesty choose to hear ? E May 1 Blue draft -p.94 elizabeth I will not be a toy of the fate ! have I not face a assassin 's bullet and live ? she turn to Dr Dee and see he quizzical gaze on she , and she let she rage pass . E lizabeth just tell I there 's no certainty . the shadow of ghost , you say . any outcome be possible . give I hope . dee the force that shape the world be great than all of we , majesty . how can I promise you that they will conspire in you favour , even though you be the Queen ? but this much I know . when the storm break , each man act in accordance with he own nature . some be dumb with terror . some flee . some hide . and some spread they wing like eagle and soar on the wind . Elizabeth understand . she draw herself up , find now the self - belief she need for the battle to come . elizabeth you be a wise man , Dr Dee . dee and you , madam , be a very great lady . int . whitehall palace - night 112b 112b lizabeth stare out of the window , watch as the last beacon be kindle not far away , and burst into flame . behind she stand she minister : hatton , Howard , and Walsingham . S he turn to face the other . all littleness have drop away . she see only she nation 's hour of destiny , and she own duty . elizabeth my lord , I can offer you no word of comfort . doublegoldenrod - 25 July -p.95 elizabeth ( cont would ) if this Armada succeed there will be no more freedom in we land , and England will be no more . we can not be defeat . ext . sea - day 113 113 the unending line of Spanish ship advance over the water . still far away , but scary in power and reach . raleigh what news ? be the fleet at sea ? servant yes , sir . May God preserve they . int . tower of london - day 114 114 Raleigh lie awake and fully dress on the bed in he prison room . the room be furnish for a gentleman , but the wall be thick and the window bar . the door open , and a servant bring in a tray of food . Raleigh sit up . raleigh what news ? servant the Spanish be off Portland . raleigh and the fleet ? servant still at plymouth , join by drake and all the rest . raleigh ( bitter ) all but I . ext . english channel - day 115 115 the white cliff of England , see from the Channel . into frame sweep a spanish ensign , stream from a mast . and another , and another . mast after mast , strain sail , shiver rope , and the flag of the enemy - fly from the top-gallant of a hundred ship - so near to England now that they seem to have be plant already on England 's white cliff . doublegoldenrod - 25 July -p.95 a int . ST paul' cathedral - day 116 116 the Queen , Sir Christopher hatton , Walsingham and she entourage , all now heavily armed , enter the great vault nave of St Paul 's . as they make they way towards the altar , Elizabeth issue command . E lizabeth the bell be to ring in every church in the land . hatton bow to show he have receive the order . elizabeth labourer be to leave the field and take up arm . the harvest must wait . May 1 Blue draft - p.96 hatton bow and leave . Elizabeth continue up the nave , now follow only by Walsingham . she turn to he with another order . elizabeth release all prisoner . England be they country too . she move forward again . Walsingham follow , wait , know there 's more . Elizabeth turn to he one last time . elizabeth release Raleigh . he be forgiven ... as I too pray to be forgiven ... Walsingham leave . Elizabeth go forward to stand before the altar alone . elizabeth leave I . all of you . the remainder of she entourage bow and withdraw . Elizabeth go on down the nave to the altar , and there , at the foot of the step , sink to she knee . she do not bow she head . on elizabeth - alone in the great space , stare at she God p as at a equal . a up to the blaze coloured light of the stain glass window - 117 117 int . escorial palace - day down from high window to see monk praying for the success of the Armada . they chant have a drive war-like rhythm , that carry over the follow scene . int . escorial palace , spain - day 118 118 speed track down a palace corridor , urge on by the beat of the chant , into Philip 's cell . track in to the flame of a single candle : its bright heart seem to be the source of the pound chant . ext . english channel - day 119 119 the chant power on . ship ' bow slice the water , racing towards we . doublegoldenrod - 25 July -p.97 int . philip' cell - day 120 120 on philip as the chant drive on , murmure he own prayer . philip tu es deus qui facis mirabilia solus . notam fecisti in gentibus virtutem tuam ... int . tower of london - day 120a 120a close on raleigh - a Royal official have just hand he a letter . he read it and then look up . raleigh tell the Queen I will join my ship . ext . english camp , tilbury - day 121 121 the chant continue - tracking through English troops to the Queen 's tent - 121a 121a ext plymouth harbour - day the English fleet set sail and leave plymouth harbour . int . queen' tent , tilbury - day 122 122 the Queen 's adviser mill round Elizabeth . Walsingham be seat in the background . elizabeth be we ship at sea ? have the fleet leave plymouth ? that can not be so hard to know . admiral winter enter , out of breath , clutching the latest report . admiral winter the enemy have be engage , majesty . he read as he speak . the news be not so good after all . admiral winter a brave action . two ship lose . elizabeth with what gain ? doublegoldenrod - 25 July -p.97a hatton the enemy continue to advance . ext . english channel - day 123 123 foreground - float wreckage , and the body of English sailor . Beyond , the long line of the Spanish fleet , advance , fire . the Spanish ship be monster , much taller than the English ship . I double pink revision 18 July - p.98 int . admiral be cabin , ark royal - day 124 124 Lord Howard bent over a mass of chart with he commander round he : hawkins , drake , frobisher and Raleigh . the boom of Spanish cannon shake the air . flashes of fire light the face of the English officer . drake we must attack ! what choice do we have ? howard we be decisively outgun , drake . we be lose too many ship . we must defend the coast . drake ( study the chart of the Armada 's progress ) there have to be a way of get inside this crescent formation . raleigh we ship may be smaller but they be nimbler . we should use the strength we have get . howard I tell you , we be out - gun . do you want to lose the whole fleet ? raleigh break they formation and we have a chance . howard we can not get near they . int . queen' tent , tilbury - day 125 125 Elizabeth among she adviser . a air of mount panic . walsingham the Spanish be barely a day away , majesty . hatton t would be wise to withdraw to safer ground . grey revision 22 June - p.99 walsingham I beg you to appreciate the gravity of the situation , majesty . there be very little time . Elizabeth turn on he , calm and defiant . elizabeth then we must act . ext . english camp , tilbury - day 126 126 a low distant beat as we track through the English camp . the soldier be a citizen army , no harden professional . we pass a troop busy sharpen they pike ; a older soldier in quiet prayer ; a band share drink ; a youth rub down a horse . now they hear the distant beat approach . one by one they look up , surprised , uncertain . now they hear it loud and clear : the beat of a army on the march . close on tramping foot . a advance force . horse ' hoof beat the ground . o N the soldier ' face - stare , half afraid , half expectant - then fill with a surge of sudden hope - soldier ' Pov - English flag rise over the low brow of the hill . ext . hill above the english camp - day 127 127 in the midst of the advance array of banner and flag , riding a white horse , dress in silver armour , hold a silver staff - Elizabeth - transformed into a goddess of war . the thousand of gape soldier sink awe -struck to they knee . on elizabeth as she survey she rag-tag army . the army let out a cheer . the Queen cry out to ore ) army , she voice echoing in the ( m she chill air . elizabeth my loving people ! we see the sail of the enemy approach . we hear the Spanish gun over the water . T goldenrod revision 1 June - p.100 elizabeth ( cont would ) soon now we will meet they face to face . in that encounter , England life , or England die . I be resolve in the midst and heat of the battle to live or die amongst you all ! a cheer from the man . elizabeth while we stand together no invader shall pass . let they come with all the army of Hell , they will not pass . the crowd give another mighty cheer . elizabeth so let we sound the advance and go forward , together , you and I . I myself will be you general , judge and rewarder of every one of you virtue in the field . when this day of battle be end , we meet again in heaven , or on the field of victory . he great shout of all . soldier aye ! int . dee's house - dusk 128 128 Dr Dee study he chart . 129 129 int . philip' cell - dusk Philip sit stare at the flame of the candle . the whole world wait . ext . ark royal - dusk 130 130 a ship 's lamp sway in the window . a sailor note the movement . doublegreen revision - 22 July - p.101 sailor wind change ! High in the rigging above , a sail flap and belly in a new direction . the sound of a rise storm . int . queen' tent , tilbury - dusk 131 131 Elizabeth look around she as the tent shudder in the rise wind . ext . spanish ship - dusk 132 132 the vast Armada be be buffete by the storm , but still it come on . the sea be in turmoil , lightning streak across the darken sky . spanish officer ( Drop anchor ! ) 2 nd officer ( we order be to stay in formation . ) spanish officer ( if we do not drop anchor , we will be smashed on the rock ! ) 133 133 ext spanish ship - dusk Spanish sailor furl the sail , haul in rope . a anchor crash into the sea . ext . ark royal - dusk 134 134 Raleigh and drake hurry along the deck in the whipping wind and spray . drake be watch the Spanish fleet , and shouting above the noise of the storm . drake they have drop anchor . this Spanish monster can not handle we English seas . raleigh we have the wind in we favour . do we go ? drake we go . doubleyellow - 22 July - p.101 a drake embrace Raleigh . action at last . drake ( cont 'd ) God speed , my friend . and do not forget to jump . 1 int queen tent , tilbury - dusk 35 135 the tent be full of commotion , soldier and minister come in and out . doublegreen - 22 July - p.102 admiral winter under whose order be he act ? hatton he be tell not to risk any more ship of the fleet . Elizabeth be distant from the general hubbub . ext the tyger - dusk 136 136 Raleigh at the helm of the tyger gaze intently ahead . before he , the might of the Spanish Armada . behind he , man move down the ship with barrel , pour pitch over the deck . calley light a torch and hand it to Raleigh . 137 137 ext . spanish ship - dusk Spanish sailor watch in horror as the spread flame of the fire-ship move inexorably toward they . ext . spanish ship - dusk 138 138 a Spanish officer react to the danger and shout command . spanish officer ( raise anchor ! quickly ! no - cut the rope ! cut the rope ! ) ropes be slashed by flail axe and cut away from the capstan . int philip' cell - dusk 139 139 Philip stare in horror at the flicker candle . the far - off sound of the storm wind . omitted 140 140 int . queen' tent , tilbury - dusk 140a 140a Elizabeth 's entourage look at the map stretch out on the table . hatton enter . walsingham how many Spanish ship be burn ? hatton murmur a figure . May 1 Blue draft - p.103 walsingham not enough . on elizabeth - stare out , as if to sea . elizabeth one empire will rise , and one will fall ... ext the tyger - dusk 141 141 Raleigh on the prow of the tyger as it sail towards the Spanish fleet . he hold a flame torch , and calmly survey he target . he light the fuse on the prow and toss the torch behind he . the pitch on the deck burst into flame . he run to the side of the ship and scale down the rigging . 1 ext . spanish ship - dusk 42 142 Chaos and panic amongst the Spanish sailor as the fire - ship approach . Men wildly fire off they musket and the cannon boom . ext . tyger - dusk 143 143 cannonballs crash into the side of the flame tyger . certain now of the ship 's course , Raleigh finally leap into the water . as see from underwater , Raleigh swim away from the ship . ext tyger - dusk 144 144 the prelaid fuse amongst the tyger 's cannon ignite , as the tyger smashes into the side of the Spanish ship . from beneath , we see the hull collide . ext spanish ship - dusk 145 145 the tyger 's cannon explode cause devastation on the Spanish deck . sailor run for cover . a horse rear and jump over the side . ext english channel - dusk 146 146 from underneath , man leap into the water . a horse swim past , light from flame above . doublegoldenrod - 25 July -p.103a ext rooftop , JOHN dee's house - night 146a 146a John Dee stand on he roof , look at the sky through a sextant . ext . admiral be cabin , ark royal - dusk 146b 146b Raleigh , singe and wet from he exploit , be with drake in the cabin . raleigh how many ship be burn ? drake four . raleigh not enough . he turn he face towards the coast of England . he speak as if to she , a quiet heart - feel prayer . raleigh ( cont 'd ) May God be with we all tonight . May 1 Blue draft - p.104 int philip' cell - dusk 147 147 the candle flicker . a clap of thunder , and the candle go out . ext hill above the english camp 147a 147a Elizabeth look out to sea . the wind roar , the cloud race , the lightning flash . ext english channel - dusk 148 148 image of the beginning of the destruction of the Armada : Philip 's portrait be cover by water inside a sink cabin ; a madonna statue float ; a Spanish battle flag burst into flame . omitted 149 149 renumbered - see scene 147a 150 150 ext . english channel - night 151 151 rage wave , black sea . the howl of the storm , the rending of break timber , the scream of drown man . somewhere out there , tiny in the vast seascape , the Armada be be smashed into oblivion . ext hill above the english camp - night 152 152 Elizabeth stand there drink in the tempest , the wind lash she clothes and hair , but she love it , life it , breathes it . this be she storm - she victory . int . chapel , escorial palace - day 153 153 the space that echoed before to the chant of war be silent now . Philip and the infanta come down the nave . Philip 's face be set , expressionless . Philip reach the step at the foot of the altar . he go down on he knee . then he drop further down , to abase himself on the hard stone floor . the cardinal turn they back to he . T he infanta remain stand beside he , impassive , stare at nothing . she throw down she Elizabeth doll . May 1 Blue draft - p.105 a low sob from Philip . ext hill above the english camp - night 153a 153a Elizabeth triumphant in the roaring wind . ext english coast - day 154 154 from inside a cave look out to sea , a scene of devastation . Dead Spanish sailor have be wash up amongst plank , barrel and a tear Spanish ensign . a long scream of pain - omitted 155 155 int . bess throckmorton's bedroom - day 156 156 close on bess - scream in pain . a final spasm pass through she . she sink back . the cry of a new-born child . she hear , and she exhaust face light up with a radiant smile . int . walsingham's bedroom , london - day 157 157 Walsingham lie in bed , he eye close . his wife Ursula and daughter Mary in the background . he 's die . E lizabeth have come to he . she look down on he with deep concern . elizabeth Francis . my old friend . ext . paris STREET - day 158 158 a anonymous man - agent 3 - walk down a shabby Paris street . stop before a small anonymous house . knock . int . paris house - day 159 159 the anonymous man be let into the house by a figure we do not yet see . he look round the room . a fire burn in the grate . English book on the table . a half - eat meal . agent 3 I come from you brother . now we see who he speak to : William . May 1 Blue draft - p.106 william what do he want ? agent 3 he ask you forgiveness . william my forgiveness ? on William : he stare . then he understand . fear bring sudden tear to he eye . a gasp . Walsingham 's man have plunge a knife into he heart . int . walsingham's bedroom , london - day 160 160 Walsingham speak to he Queen with difficulty . walsingham I have serve you majesty - in all thing ... elizabeth I know it , old friend . do not leave I now . Walsingham 's eye open . a weak smile . walsingham y ou do not need I any more . permission - to go - Elizabeth look tenderly down on he , shaking she head . elizabeth you always do do as you pleased , whether I want it or not . I have no doubt you will do as you please now . he let he eye close . she stoops down and kiss he cheek . int . raleigh's house - day 161 161 we see Raleigh from behind . he 's hold something , and dance slowly about , and croon a low song , in the oddest way . Beyond he , half -glimpse , a inner room , where bess be rest on a bed . R 107 now in he solitary dance Raleigh turn , and we see he 's hold a new - bear baby boy . he kiss the baby 's little bald head , and sing he wordless song . footstep outside . the door open , and a royal servant enter , follow by other servant and guard . oyal servant her majesty the Queen ! Elizabeth enter , in formal style . she stand and take in the scene - Raleigh hold he baby son - the room beyond - bess rise at once and come through to make she curtsey to the Queen . Elizabeth seem not to see she . a regal wave at the servant and guard . they withdraw . Elizabeth stalk round the room . no reason to suppose she displeasure have pass . elizabeth when be the birth ? raleigh F we night ago . elizabeth the mother be well ? raleigh thank God . now Elizabeth turn to bess , and they eye meet . the Queen put out she hand and touch bess lightly on one cheek . a silent forgiveness . elizabeth and the child ? raleigh my son be well . now for the first time she look at the baby . elizabeth you Elizabeth have a child . you must be proud . raleigh yes . Elizabeth move away , unable to bear see the baby . E E R 108 elizabeth and fulfil ? raleigh as any man can be . Elizabeth look at he in silence for a long moment . elizabeth and do you still dream of you shine city , you New World ? aleigh more than ever . she turn to go . but before she reach the door , she stop . lizabeth I would like to give you son my bless . raleigh I would be honoure . Elizabeth take the baby in she arm . she hold he carefully . she find herself more move than she have expect . she bend she head over he , and turn she back on Raleigh . Raleigh watch and wait . and wait . on elizabeth : she cheek press to the baby 's head . her eye close . lizabeth ( v.o. ) I be call the virgin Queen . and yet I have many child ... you be all my child . there be no jewel , be it never so rich a prize , which I put before this jewel : I mean , you love . I want no more war . England be enough for I . I want no lordship over you soul . only a free people can love . ( beat ) and in you love - be my life . end title