_ 1 . elizabethtown cameron crowe March 2003 " y '' y elizabethtown the music of the holly 's '' Jesus be a crossmaker '' begin . it 's a quiet , stately song , fit for a end . and though thisis only the beginning , perhaps we sense something grand and final be zbout to occur . oe fade in : alarge industrial truck back into a close shot . mighty steel door swing upward to reveal a entire truck full of shoe box . many , many box of shoe , mark with a loud black stamp : recall . camera slide right , as another gleam truck open its back door to reveal similar cargo . and another . and another . two dock - worker share a rueful , know look . dock worker # ! {to the shoe ) welcome back , boy . they begin the task of unload this colossal shipment . voice as somebody once say , there be a difference between a failure ... high-angle twenty - two truck unload the shoe box . ' we be on the outskirt of the gorgeous '' campus '' of a famous shoe company whose world headquarters be right here in the wild of Oregon , just outside Portland . voice ... and a fiasco . int . MERCURY shoe corporate helicopter ~ day drew baylor be 27 . he sit rigidly upright , a man face he destiny , even though he 's seat backwards . he 's the only passenger in this company helicopter whistling over the top of tall Oregon tree . in the distance , the magnificent mount Hood . Drew look at the large open side - window to the helicopter . it beckon , a tempting way out . ext , MERCURY shoe headquarters - day - high angle the speck that be Drew now exit the still - whirring helicopter which have just touch down at the top of the tallest building of this important- look compound . the voice continue helpfully , calm but resign . uo voice a failure be simply the non-presence of success . any fool can accomplish failure . pilot watch you bead — Drew look upwards at the slice helicopter blade . drew ( unconvincing ) tm fine . int . MERCURY shoe headquarters - day Drew wear a security i.d. badge as he walk the hallway . Young powerful type , all '' casually '' dress , swivel back in chair , freeze in mid-meete as they see he . we know the look . it 's we own look as we try hard not to gaze at a pass wreck on the highway . voice but a fiasco ... Drew arrive at another hallway juncture , a little unsure of he direction . he choose the leave path . he nod to people as he walk . we narrator 's thoughtful voice belong to Drew , of course , and it stand in great contrast to he deceptively cheerful public front ... drew 's voice |. a '' fiasco '' be a disaster of mythic proportion . a fiasco be a folk - tale tell to other , that make other people feel more alive ... because it do not happen to they . drew ( flatly ) T be fine . int . MERCURY shoe hallway - day Drew arrive at the desk of ellen kishmore , 24 . she 's a high - level assistant with great C - style , poise , memorable green eye and a few too many magazine photo of Jude Law on she cubicle wall . she greet Drew witb a not-quite-disguised look of horrify concern . frankly , she 's shocked he 's still on two foot .. just look at ellen almost comfort he . va ellen lb. 1 ! bas drew ( quietly ) I be fine . at another time , they would have make clever small - talk , perhaps even openly discuss they cighteen - month affair . but there be no time for that now . ' to ellen TB take you to phil so you do not get lose , 's , int . close hallway - day Drew and ellen zip down a corridor on a cart . think about a long hallway at lax , the kind with child 's artwork on the side . replace the artwork with valuable masterpiece from american painter , and you 's have get the jdea about this inner-sanctum passageway reserve for a elite few . drew 's voice : mercury worldwide shoe ... which be actually phil ... contain some of America 's finest artist 's masterwork ... see only by people head for very important meeting , a promotion ... - , Drew look at ellen with unabash love . the painting zip by . she look at he with increasingly distant affection . drew 's voice ... or otherwise . int . '' the pen '' - day Drew and ellen pass '' the Pen , '' a open work - space fill with desk and employee . large monitor fill every desk . such be the state of the new global workplace — all we see be the top of they head . ( visible be cut - edge souvenir and sign-post of worldwide culture . ) drew 's voice we be not just employee , as phil once say , we be '' denizen of greatness . '' a ) series of shot - drew's work world 1 ) Drew at monitor study the leg and foot movement of animal . drew 's voice phil say — the world be full of that who coast through ' life , who achieve through negativity or theft . 2 ) Drew at a 200 study the way a monkee jump , take note . drew 's voice we succeed through original think : but there be sacrifice for a goal like pure greatness ... 3 ) on a calendar . drew 's voice ... birthdays , major holiday ... 4 ) Drew 's family - father mitch , mother hollie , sister heather , she daughter isis . family gather at a table for Christmas . Drew , absent , be represent by a frame photo on a buffet table ... and a empty seat . drew 's voice ... though we sometimes celebrate odd thing at mercury , like the day the italian invent rubber . which they do not , of course , but that 's beside the point . . . 5 ) '' the Pen '' be transformed into a pseudo-kegger . Drew , a non-dancer , dance wildly . 6 ) Drew on escalator at office . shot split into two ... then four screen , then fold back into one large think - tank where Drew study media and culture from around the world . '' - ~ drew 's voice lonce go four day without speak . it be fantastic . 6 ) Drew at desk , on he phone , early mome . drew David ! how 's the weather ? drew 's voice each of we have a exact counterpart in the Region 3 headquarters in Taiwan . mine be name David Tan . every day , we download thought to each other - we be two side of the same brain-trust . int . taiwan office — night david tan , 45 , work long hour . just the top of he head be visible behind he monitor . david tan Drew ! how 's the weather ? int . phil 's outer office - day - present time the cart slow to phil 's outer office . no word , no sign proclaim he name . just two frost - glass door . oe drew 's voice : , any true student of functional shoe design be also a student of phil himself . he be a master . and he innate wisdom of what people want and need ... have never fail to date . he be also obsessed with the number two . a match set of two norman rockwell painting adora the outer wall . drew 's voice this be phil 's prize two norman rockwells , the pair of painting that once hang outside the White House Office of John f. Kennedy ... we now see a match set of two Security Guards in bulky jacket , attempt not to jook ominous ... which of course , make they look more ominous . Security Guard # 1 ( mel ) feel Drew 's pain . they have banter happily in the past . today mel send he a solemn silent message of compassion . drew ( with little conviction ) I be fine . drew 's voice and yes , the two frost door phil once purchase from a church on a vacation in tunisia and have send back home for a total cost too enormous to mention . ( confide ) $ 763,000 . each . r.. wg two older assistant - moneypenny type ~ sit at two desk , nodd quietly as they listen over headsets . one of they hold up two finger ~ as in not yet . assistant # 1 just two more minute and I can send you in . Drew nod , look around , kill time before he date with destiny . . drew 's voice because we have a moment here , let I tell you that : jama secret connoisseur of '' last look . '' the way '' people look at you when they believe it 's for the last time ... I collect this look and ... assistant # 2 ( interrupt voice - over ) okay , he 's ready for you . ellen send Drew through the two frost door . for \) int . phil be office - day Drew look back to see ellen quietly disappear on the other side of this frost door . drew 's voice .. there 's one right now . it somehow feel quite significant . Drew be now utterly alone . well , almost alone . phil 's large office be sunlit , wide - open , and inside it ... time bas stop . there be a collection of deeply - comfortable brown - leather chair , two large - screen television feature state - of - the- art video game abandon in mid-pursuit , and at the far end comer , a sun -bathed figure sit thoughtfully look out at the tree . phil be wait , and somehow Drew know to approach carefully . to bis leave , a large - screen computer monitor glug with the sound of a screen-saver aquarium . phil how be you , Drew ? drew 1 want to jump out the window of that helicopter , and just splatter on the tree , to tell you the truth . of phil y ( half -heart ) . do not do that . it 's only money . 7 I and it be rather clear in he cadence that money be maybe the only important thing in phil 's world . Drew have not be invite to sit in the empty chair next to phil , so he stand . a young man ina very , very large space . if only he know what to do , what to say . but he do not . phil take a single sip from each of two cup of tea that sit before bim . : ' phil ... the american psyche isin turmoil . and we have miscalculate . drew tm ... sorry . phil . to thave no rule - book for this situation . ( blankly ) ' they tell I we be about to lose 972 million dollar . T be ill-equipped in the philosophy of failure . int . indoor gymnasium ~ day ( '' they walk together on the upper-tier observation platform . below be a gymnasium floor , where a i pro-basketball team work out . phi ] pause briefly to regard this fine athlete . phil my basketball team . they do not even know yet . int . courtyard - day phil and Drew arrive in a indoor arboretum courtyard . the expanse of this company headquarters be consistently surprising . drew understand you have to let I go . phil ( it 's understand ) how do I make the concept of 972 million dollar more real to you ? drew it be very real to I , phil . ( ) this we know , as phil begin to talk . he be a fan of he own mellifluous voice , particularly as he discuss the subject of money . phil ( thoughtful ) well . it 's the operate budget of a mid-size country . a small civilization . it 's big , it 's so big that you could round it off to ... a billion dollar . ( beat ) I cry a jot lately . drew in every possible way , I feel responsible . phil ( really not listen ) a hugely - successful american company , build by my own family , the blood of my own family , merge last year with dcs industry on the promise of 2 global future pin to a groundbreake shoe — you design — witha new style of material , launch this week to great fanfare f~ and now meeting a grow international roar of laughter and rejection , enough to cause this memo from Jeffrey barlow ceo of dcs , '' this once highly - anticipate product may actually cause a entire generation to return to bare foot . '' we be about to enter a free-fall plunge . and the sound you hear be the sound of shit hit the fan , globally . Drew be stricken . for a moment we hear the whistling sound of wind . drew I wish there be something I could do . phil actually , there be . ( witb suspicious compassion ) sitting in a room downstairs be a reporter from modern Business Journal . he 's one of the good guy . he will help usifhe can . the story of we recall will break in a week , this Monday , and you know , whatever you want to say — within parameter — would be wonderful . for : : 5 Drew take it in , he be a loyal warrior to the end . phil for example , we need he to understand . we hire you from we National Scholarship . program . we support , invest in you brilliance . this be a very creative endeavor . 4 ( pause ) . and I think you should stand up for you incredible work . fatherly role-model . now phil be all reflective surface , a false front of Drew stare at he once support . it look like another last look , unmistakably so . drew ( as in goodbye ) thank you . : phil you okay ? Drew slowly nod . he want to say '' tm fine , '' but can not quite get there . : drew : mf ... int . MERCURY shoe hallway — day oor , flanke by ellen and mel ( Security Guard # 1 ) . it feel with stand at the door . Inside the reporter wait . Drew der run for freedom . it 's too late . . Drew arrive at the conference room d like a execution , and in fact it be . dre jook down the long hallway , and consi drew well ellen ... he 's about to say '' wish I luck . '' ellen Drew . phil ask that you not talk about he at all . rew at all ? ellen ( take a breath ) he want you to take all the ... credit . [ >. 10 drew ( privately ) you be wear that jacket the first time I meet you . - ellen smile distantly . quietly , @ lover 's negotiation : ellen be you go back tonight ? drew : no I be gonna stay ... that be the plan , right ? uo ' ellen plan change , Drew . int . conference room - day Drew face the gimlet - eye reporter , herbie gonsalves , 46 , a poker - face professional . on the table before they be Drew 's conceptual drawing of the now - infamous shee . it be a boldly design shoe , with a very wide base , festoon with criss -crossing colorful design . we notice ( 'o it 's name in the sketches — spasmotica . nearby , a copy of last week 's modern Business Journal . reporter and do phil approve the design , and work closely with you on the spasmotica ? drew ( ghumly ) actually it 's pronounce '' spaas-motica . '' reporter of course , there 's a '' umlaut '' — I be sorry . so it 's '' spizz '' or ... '' spowze '' ... ? drew ( evenly ) he set I free to do whatever I want . the reporter look at Drew with pen suspend over a small -size notebook . the smell of corporate violence be in the air . the pack need to devour a wounded animal . gonsalve offer one final chance for survival before write a death sentence . ( ' reporter you design , you vision ... completely ? t) " a drew completely . reporter and it come to you ... in a crazy burst , or ~ drew have I develop it for eight year . ( voice trail ) night and day . ( quieter ) a tt be ... mean to approximate walk on a cloud . reporter {still not write ) so you be the one . drew T be the one . reporter and that 's B - a -i...? drew b-a-y..d-o-r.. Drew 's life flash before he ... several time . the reporter set pen to paper , shaking he head slightly as he scribbles in he notebook . Drew eye he name be write upside - down , mesmerize by the scratch sound , and the enormity of the effect this small act will now have on he destiny . drew when do this run ? a week ? reporter aweek . actually , six day ... by Sunday evening it 's be on the stand ... can you believe I do not have longer to write 2 piece like this ? it 's gonna be tough for I . drew that 's ... that 's too bad . 12 reporter but for you , it 's a little bit like know the plane be go down before anyone else , be not it ? . ( still write ) do you know what you be go to do next ? drew ( darkly ) thave some plan . - reporter vo ( look up ) any last word ? int . MERCURY headquarters - afternoon ellen linger a bit , put a fresh security id . badge ona handsome new recruit , as Drew pass . drew ( to ellen ) — hey , so — ellen do not even look at Drew . he tum to see she hand seductively guide he replacement down the corridor . the movement of she hand on the recruit 's back js mesmerize in its brutal message . this be what it feel like to be erase . on glass jar Drew drop he security badge into the container by the exit . it clink with finality . on drew watch ellen walk away . he know he 's suppose to leave with dignity , know this with every bone in he body ... but instead , give way to feeling of disbelief and anxiety , he move in the opposite direction , towards she . drew hey — this be really silly . you probably do not realize how this be come off . ellen turn , the panic of public embarrassment in she eye . two mercury Guards now flank Drew , ease he backwards as co-worker watch . NY oe 13 drew I mean , this be sort of like you be blow I off ! the guard deposit Drew on the other side of the tinted glass separate mercury shoe from the rest of the world . he stand alone , in near silhouette . . . sudden CUT to moving medium shot Drew suddenly appear again on the other side of the tinted glass , move alongside what he can barely make out of ellen and the new recruit . ( theme indicate this as a '' last look '' at ellen ) drew ~ ( muffle ) ellen ... listen ... wait ... | ext . MERCURY window - afternoon Drew be on the other side of the tinted glass : he can not follow any further . he stand alone in the courtyard of the gorgeous campus , fock - out on this beautiful day , as casually dress and oblivious employee move past he . ' . drew 's voice : | find myself think about my taiwanese counterpart in Region 3 . David Tan . ' what would happen to he ? ext . MERCURY build — afternoon sunlight glint off the comer of the mercury Tower . drew 's voice ( figure it all out ) ' and in that moment I know . success — success ~ not greatness ... be the only God the entire world serve . the sun disappear behind the building . Drew take a last look at he former world , the courtyard , the people , a company trash -can , and finally himself in the reflect window . ext . drew 's apartment - night Drew walk up the step , pass a cute astsy girl and she boyfriend . 14 artsy girl oh Drew . we be have a party on Friday , so if you be home work , there will be-noise . mr drew ( not a social animal ) thanks . int . apartment hallway - night Drew 's personal ritual . he turn the key and shove he shoulder into the front door just so . door swing open , as theme begin .’. int . drew's apartment - night ' 's Drew shut the door to he stark , smallish apartment . this be the solitary existence of a man who do not '' entertain . '' it 's dominate by a television , stack of video game , and two frame spasmotica prototype ( in different stage of painstake development ) on the wall . a laptop glow with a spasmotica screensaver and some sketches sit ona small kitchen table . he set down he thing . he take a look around , let out , a breath . Home sweet home . int . drew 's kitchen - night Drew 's kitchen drawer open , take theme music out . Drew withdraw a ginzu knife from the kitchen drawer . it 's in a special case read : '' the sharpest knife in the World - as advertise . '' the knife be long , thin , and savage with a serrate blade . we know this knife from late - night tv infomercials , where a burly chef first hurl tomato at the knife , which slice they cleanly , and then smoothly cut steel with it : Drew feel the blade , audition the act of plunging it deep into bis chest . yes , this be the right knife . on drew pull a long -dormant exercise - bike into the center of the small live room . on he hand pull out a long strip of gaffer 's tape from a spool . on the knife be gaffer- tape into position by the speedometer . on wall socket Drew plug in the bike . wider shot ever the designer , with focus intensity , Drew test the efficiency of this machine before uging it himself . he press '' on , '' and stand back to observe ... the machine it buck powerfully , the knife stabbing insistently into the air , into the exact spot where he heart will soon be . on drew he admire the clean efficiency of he suicide machine . ciearly , anyone seat in this machine will be the victim of a special kind of hari-kari . it work . it 's perfect . he turn it off . ah , but one thing be miss ... and he know what it be . Drew exit and return with a pair of the villainous spasmoticas . he tie the lace together and hang they from the handlebar . this be perfection . ext . drew 's apartment ~ night with the decision , have come freedom . with a almost skip clothes , a wicker chair , the television , video , camera , and behind he apartment . in he step , Drew place a box of he all he belonging by the trash bin int . drew 's apartment — night - minute later Drew climb into the seat . the place be neat , and empty . now grip with a real sense of purpose , he regards the '' on '' switch . we hear a very subtle chirp , a innocuous ascend ring . it 's the hushed reminder that he cell - phone rest on the table nearby . it 's not hard to ignore , so he do . the call go to voice - mail with a final beep . on the gaffer 's tape . which weaken as the knife begin to droop . Drew adjust the knife , add more gaffer 's tape 's he be now completely focus and utterly center . the phone chirp again . Drew do not hear it , as he take a breath . on the on switch he finger rest on it ( ) 16 and finally Drew become aware of the contimue ring . with zen - like calm , he rise and bring the phone back to he seat . he be completely at peace , almost cheerful : drew hello. «' 1 ! tae to it 's heather , 25 , he sister . Heather be ever-burdened - with-responsibility . > heather 's voice Drew , it 's you sister . I have some really bad news . Drew nod knowingly . of course it 's bad news . be there any other kind of news ? drew , could you call I tomorrow ? 's '' heather 's voice no. ol drew * ( extra pleasant ) could you call I a little later ? heather 's voice no , honey . he regards the '' on '' switch . it beckon . drew ten minute ? heather 's voice ana dad die . this bad news be a deep physical blow . he go limp with the impact . heather 's voice ( barrel forward ) he have a heart attack , back in kentucky . he be still visit uncle Dale . Mom 's in total shock . you have get to handle this — Drew 's eye close . his back hunch . the day have now reach ghastly , unfathomably bad proportion . he listen to he sister 's shaky voice . ' 7 int . heather 's apartment - night Heather sit at she kitchen table . a baby monitor be nearby , crackle with the sound of she child . Heather 's face be freeze in a state of shock and panic . heather — you be the responsible one . you be the oldest . ' int . drew 's apartment - night paralyze , Drew sit absolutely still . he look at the knife , which droops and fall to the floor . he look out the window . Pov drew ' the alley . Three bum excitedly and jealously thrash through Drew 's possession . ( note : the frame actually spin slowly on a axis , he world literally turn — spin like a smail hallucination that create this sharp return to reality as we ... ) , CUT to : int . portland airport ~ night hollie baylor be move furiously forward through the Portland Airport terminal . at 57 , Drew 's mother still carry she collegiate good - look and a school - girl 's obsession with the biggest question of life . carefree people have often pat she on the shoulder and say , '' hey , just have a good time . '' but as we meet she , all she worst fear have come true . into frame come Heather , Drew 's sister and now Drew himself , hold a garment bag and a backpack . it 's a blizzard of adrenalize conversation . they be commando try to outrun grief . . hollie oe T be a widow ... I be a widow ... I be a widow ... heather it 's okay , Mom . Drew have a plan . drew ( glaze , weary ) T have a plan hollie I do not know why he go back to kentucky ! I do not know what the attraction be — i '' , be drew he be bear there . hollie they do not like I there , they never do . heather Drew will take care of everything . ( to Drew ) honey , you understand I can not go because of the baby . drew T will be back in two day . ' heather ' I will man the phone . hollie T will always be the one who '' snatch '' he away from they . the two side of this family have never integrate well , so do not expect to make a lot of friend back there . heather Drew do not make friend , Mom . Drew stop . drew ( defensively ) I have friend ! they do not hear he . they have hurried on . he rush to keep up . hollie and you have get the Blue suit . the navy blue — drew ( off garment bag ) thave the Blue suit . heather he love that silly blue suit . hollie God know if I make he truly happy — drew pu call from kentucky . I will be there in the morning . heather we have a plan . hollie we have a plan . ( beat ) and you hold you head up high . do sot you forget ... you go back there as the most successful man in the history of you family . do not let they Drew hoist the bag up , cough a little . he have not share the earlier failure of this day . drew | oe be there anything else about what he say , how he want to be bury ? hollie he never want to talk about it ! ( suddenly ) wait . wait ... wait ... I think he say sprinkle at sea ! drew okay good . sprinkle at sea ! heather 1 we have a plan . we be work well together ! she gesture with she arm and knock into a passerby . heather Excuse I -- hollie just tell they I be too sad to fly . my God , I have to call people and clean out the office — the Security Gate loom ahead . they stop . 19 ws . hollie — yma widow . - . heather ( check monitor ) a we will figure this out ! we will figure this out ... just se get dad home , hurry . . hollie look at she son with a stunne expression . suddenly she can not or will not let go of he arm . '' hollie . ( daze , fracture ) I be still wait for everything to start and now it 's over . Drew kiss they both quickly . drew T will bring he home . ) hollie wait ... get close ... come here ... she pull they together for a small huddle . hollie what do dad always say ...? '' if it be not this — all — it would be something else . '' the memory somehow grounds they . hollie his spirit be still hover , look for a place to land ... on drew look upward . hollie ... naw go and do he justice ! and call and '' ) tell we everything ! go ! 21 people be try to get past they cluster hug . Drew pull away , and be immediately vectore into Security line . on drew in line . it occur to he . drew hey wait ! how do we sprinkle he at sea ina blue suit ? . they can not quite hear he . Drew tum and face forward . Music match the pulse of thought in he head . his consciousness revs . ' drew's voice the Business Journal article would run in six day . I would go to kentucky . pulse — the plane ticket in he band . pulse - the suit in he other hand . drew ’s-voice put my father in the Blue suit , bring he home ... pulse — drew 's apartment - flashback to a hour earlier Drew regards the suicide Exercise Machine . the ginzu knife stand ready for duty . he shut the door to the closet , and we stay with the shiny machine for a extra moment . drew 's voice ... and then get back on that bike . int . airport security area — night hollie and Heather stay for a last look , wave goodbye on the other side of the Security checkpoint . ~y ‘e222 drew 's voice ( absolutely resolute ) I nothing would stop the plan . , int . airport security area - night - one minute later Drew lift the garment bag from the conveyor belt , and be immediately stop by two Airport Security Guards . guard # 1 could you come with we for a second ? int . another security area - night the two Guards search and interrogate Drew , as a third silent Guard in fatigue sit watch with a machine gun at he side . from time to time , he tap information into a open laptop . guard # 2 you make this plane reservation at the last minute . drew it 's a family emergency . Guard # 1 cast a know glance over at Guard # 2 , the '' ) family emergency '' line . Guard # 2 find a small pair of scissors , and show it to Guard # 1 . they look at each other meaningfully — the case against Drew be grow . they regard the tiny weapon like a bomb of epic proportion . guard # 2 you 's be travel with this -- drew take it . guard # 1 have you ever attend school overseas ? drew . one semester in Germany . the Guards openly share they most powerful sook yet . they look at the two very different suit in Drew 's garment bag . one be a standard issue . the other be the Blue suit . it immediately fascinate they . it 's not quite in fashion , strangely anonymous . purposely anonymous ? the Guards flick look to each other . guard # 2 and this be you suit ? . drew the suit belong to my dad . . ' guard # 2 ( careful , skeptical ) and you '' father 's '' go to wear this suit ? drew ( evenly ) for eternity . ' beat . suddenly they understand . and this issue , as Drew will soon find out , strike a chord in all man , large and small . a silent moment pass between they . Guard # 2 give Drew a sympathetic pat on the shoulder . Guard # 3 hold out the plastic container with the beautiful you baggie . Drew take it , acknowledge the most menace guard 's gesture of kindness . the three man - share one last wordless moment in the security area , we hear the shimmer guitar introduétion of the song that serve as a musical signpost for the movie , Claire 's theme . ext . airport personnel tram — night a group of Southwest airline employee move off the airport shuttle carry bag . there be little glamour in they weary movement . just another work force on the late- night shift . shot find a young woman , 25 or so , in casual clothes exite with a roller suitcase . she step out into 'a blast ‘of summer heat , smoothing she clothes . Music continue as she leave the real air behind and proceed to enter the air-condition , timeless capsule of ... int . portland airport - night the Airport . she walk the thoroughfare . it 's mostly empty , just a cry baby and a group of stray late - night passenger . she dutifully show a armed guard she airline security badge . there be little romance leave in what be once a glamour profession . she take the job for freedom and travel . lately she feel like a cop . she be claire colburn , build for travel , tired by nature , and she pause to adjust she shoe . int , changing station / locker — night Claire open she locker , change into uniform . just another night . Music continue . J int . airport people mover — night Drew in close - up sit with coffee . he be new to grief , and we can almost feel he burrow C rae eo 24 inward , retreate from the world . at the other end , Claire sit with headset . her uniform be now on , along with she public front . two traveler on very different course . they do not ever see each , other , as song continue . ' int . southwest airline - night . a 4 we be airborne . Claire routinely mop up the sink in the galley of the plane , and survey the ~ passenger load . the plane be nearly empty , as she gaze pass to the right and leave , see only three passenger in first , and then the center . one overhead light and one passenger at the very , - very back . : + on drew - her distant Pov he sit quietly . closer on drew the thunder reality of all that happen today be start to sink in . his eye be fix on a distant point , uncomprehend . he absently watch ... oo claire ~ he Pov the distant Flight attendant take the long trek , purposefully and with very good posture , all the way down the very long aisle to he . she lower , down to he exact eye level . claire ( mock professionalism ) Sir , by fly this flight , you 's have help save all we job , definitely mine , maybe even the entire airline . ' we would like to reward you with a free seat in first -class . drew n loe . ( distant ) . I be fine . Claire look at he . he do not get it . she shift she body - language a dit . claire okay — let I try it like this . ( more direct ) I be really tired . please do not make I keep walk all the way back here ... all night long . a ' *- int . first -class - night - many minute later he 's sit in a darken first -class . she sit on the arm-rest across the aisle . he 's get ready to go to sleep , but she 's just get start . . 's . . of & louisville , kentucky . Home , business or family ? drew ( polite , final ) ° my dad . , : Claire respond to he signal in she unique way — by ignore it ! she lean closer . she be a intent listener , nodd slightly , collect information like a detective assemble clue to a murder . claire where do he live in louisville ? drew for >) actually he 's near louisville . he pronounce it like the rest of the world : '' louie-ville . '' she correct he , like a native . claire loua - vull . drew lou-a-ville . he 's in elizabethtown . claire good . 1 hope someone be drive you because the road around there be hopelessly and gloriously confusing . Lou -a-vull . drew yul keep that in mind . he smile pleasantly , with absolute good manners , and claim he privacy by politely shutting the overhead light off . in darkness ) Claire do not even process the brush-off . she 's build to help stranger . 25 26 t claire T will draw you a quick map . she hesitates and then click he light back on . dissolve to ' Claire draw a map on a piece of paper while tell Drew she life story . Drew , polite but distant , now clutches a drink . . claire ' so Ben and I be in a wait - and - see pattem . he 's my first real '' genius , '' you know ? his nidea be just sinfully astounding . disturbingly astounding ! drew right . okay . claire . he go to Harvard , we meet up in strange city y and never the same one . he work a lot : drew ( dutifully ) so why be it '' wait -and -see ? '' claire | I be not sure . I will wait and see. ( off map ) so you want to get to 264 . and then you want to not miss 60b , I be go to be obnoxious about that . drew get it . okay . claire ben be strangely delightful . and very intuitive . complex . almost too complex to be around . do you know any ben ? drew ( obligate ) I know one Ben . he 's very professional . rt. claire ( very interested ) [ mar student of name . for example . what 's you dad 's name ? drew Mitchell . claire Mitchell or Mitch ? drew Mitchell , sometimes Mitch . she nod approvingly , a connoisseur claire mmm . the son of a Mitch . drew ry and just yesterday ... I be fire by a phil . claire phil be dangerous . phil be less predictable than ben . he look at she . and just randomly , for no reason she can even put she finger on ... love a little . claire and you girlfriend be a ... drew ellen . the name '' ellen '' be troubling to both of they . claire how 's that go ? drew for sort of a wait - and -see . but then I wait ... y and I see . *927 . she fall in ~ claire iwas go to say ... have never hada good experience with a ellen , or a phil . . she give he the map . mh drew how about with 2 Mitch ? claire ( mamediately ) never meet a Mitch I do not like . fun , full of life . you know what I mean when I say '' fun ? '' you want to be part of a Mitch 's club . + be I close ? drew ( distant smile ) Close . she detect a trace of something . claire he 's okay , right ? drew yeah . he 's ... she nod sage - like , ever the student of name . Drew swallow once , contemplate say '' dead '' for the first time in connection with bis father . '' drew ... he 's fine . claire ( Southern charm ) give he a big ‘ol hug for I . Drew do not respond . not much . claire tm Claire , by the way . J . drew 28 claire ( appreciate name ) Nice . drew oo ( obligate ) - - yy same to you . claire a. vod ( self - deprecate ) " please . y11 let you sleep . enjoy you map . but something be still amiss in he demeanor . she shrug it off , as she reach for bis garment bag . '' ( the three other passenger be long asleep . ) . claire let I take this ~ he hesitates in hand it over , just a little . she respond in kind , treat the item a bit more ~ gingerly . she look at the suit , look back at Drew who finally shut the light off . she tum away - with the suit . it hit she . she know . on drew z whose eye glaze and blink slowly ... just start ... start ... to ... fall ... asleep ... random image and feeling - archiving and sorting memories _.. accompany by no music , just the white noise of a airliner . we see criss -crossing image from the consciousness of a man attempt sleep . his voice - over continue in a vacant tone not unlike someone who bas answer the phone while still dream . they sound awake but something be just a bit off . 1 ) a kid ( young drew ) in the passenger seat of a Ford lot 70 's edition . strap on - a unwieldy shoulder harness . 2 ) a man ( mitch ) clean out a office , hand box to the kid . 3 ) a pose '' casual '' shot of Mitch . always bolt -upright , hand at side . 4 ) Mitch walk down a courtyard corridor , turn back for a moment , then wave goodbye with back tume . : we 5 ) ellen 's band on the young recruit 's back . drew 's voice I will not really be able ... to sleep . J be not ... I probably ... will not really ... 1 be not asleep ... do I bring enough . money ? , ... ATM ... thirsty now ... ' claire 's voice ( interrupt ) good mome ! Drew lurch awake . Claire hold orange juice just outside the range of he body , save a spill . claire 's ' voice go- od morning ! . int . plane / louisville airport - bright morning Drew exit past Claire , with blue suit in bag . she offer he a coupon and some wing . she be thoroughly professional and bright , even though she passenger load be four groggy people . Drew be J the last to exit . claire - and congratulation , Drew , you have eam you wing as we ten millionth passenger . and here be a coupon good for any Hyatt Regency in the great western kentucky area . better move quickly , lot of people behind you !. he look behind he ~ no one there . he smile gamely , the full scope of she humor elude he . drew ( she 's exhaust ) well , thank you . he take the wing , and the coupon . he nod goodbye , put it in he pocket . claire absolutely . she look at he , wonder if this be she own last look at he . drew and good luck with Ben . y claire look , I know I may never see you again , but ~ she jeans forward , and can not resist give he — the he she secretly know to be srieve — this private and heartfelt advice . claire . — we be intrepid . we carry on . drew ' ( rather baffle ) Nice to meet you . he tum , and exit quickly . she watch he for five - and - a-half step . she can not help it : | claire rental car be around the comer ! he turn . she continue loudly , point for emphasis at a distance . claire you will see the sign ! bluegrass Parkway tum into exit 60b ! do not forget . 60b ! drew ( point back , imitate she ) okay thanks ! Drew nod , turn away again . she just can not quite let he go . claire - you okay to drive ?! drew ( turn , spread arm ) T be fine ! : on claire watch he leave she life , perfectly frame in the hallway . her face be a question - mark . she raise she hand to she face and take a imaginary '' snapshot . '' =a ( / . * 32 z2 on drew who can not help a half - grin as he wave politely and turn quickly . we see she , out - of -focus , still watch in the background . he look down at the coupon in he hand . tum it over . on flip side of coupon : . claire colburn , 709-342-7295 ( cell ) 709-432-2314 ( home ) 709-398-4562 ( voice -mail ) and in black ink : don ’t miss interstate 60b !! for one very brief second , Drew be curiously intrigue . he laugh to himself , just a little . he tilt the coupon to the side to see that she 's also write another number . 709-437-6823 ** auto club , if you get lose ! ' int . drew 's rental car / underground parking lot - day Drew tum the air-condition on full - blast , everything its get . ' he 's on the cell - phone . he 's in the subterranean rental car parking area . . drew : uncle Dale ! I be in louisville . just land . ''m leave now ... 60b ... yes , | have a map and T will be there by five ‘o clock . I have the Blue suit . ( beat ) I know about 60b . yes , I be okay . t’'ll meet you right at aunt dora 's house . get it . okay . on blue grass whizzing by a car window . the deep green and the turquoise - biue of the pass landscape be so vivid it be psychedelic . he be unaware of it . map rise into shot . int . drew 's rental car - day Drew drive , barely notice the sight just outside he window . his grasp of direction be already slip away . we hear only the whoosh of countryside whipping by , join with the air - conditioner . ( note : composition will subtly shift , as it do naturally in this area of the country , where life in general seem to be 4 / sths sky . ) F '' ) int . drew 's rental car - day - hour later Drew be increasingly panicked . Signs whiz by , bear no resemblance to the direction . he 'is ' very lose , sbuffling through papers as he drive and crane for a look at sign . there be no other car in sight . , on sign , ' pass . interstate number like 274 ... 278b ... 279a ... fly by . int / ext . drew 's rental car - afternoon the car be completely still , park in the middle of the road , heat and beauty and absolute stillness surround he . he flip out inside the car . drew do I miss 60b !! did I miss 60b ???!!! int . drew 's rental car - later afternoon - moving driving again , Drew crane to look for any clue , as he continue on he cell - phone . drew uncle Dale ! just get phone service back ! yes . I go ail the way to frankfort , and now I be on the Blue grass Parkway . pass the Old kentucky Home Museum ... not the chaplin River yet ... it 's very beautiful here ... okay , great ... ru meet you right at the place ... the parlor ... isita '' parlor ? '' ... a home ... on sign a 7 read : elizabethtown . int . drew 's rental car ~ late afternoon at last . Drew power forward . Music . shot of elizabethtown a red-and - purple sky . the still blaze late afternoon sun press against the window of he rent - a-car . Drew squint — he forget sunglass ~ as he drive into the town . this main thoroughfare cut through elizabethtown , first line with a row of small business , then more residential ' tr * 34 's home . lawn equipment ... porch .... flag dot nearly each house . one car- port even sport four flag . Drew drive past the train Museum , actually a well - keep locomotive in a gravel field . kid on the street wave he in , point he ahead . one kid on a blue bike , wear goggle , join he as a escort . a silver- haire woman on a porch watch he car pass . other kid wave at he . on another front lawn , a teenage gorl jump on a trampoline . we pass clay County High : '' School , where girl basketball practice outside . more resident line the sidewalk , wave he forward . all now cheer and point he onward a few more block to he destination . , he be , quite clearly , and quite famously ... late . Music continue . ext . elizabethtown funeral home ~— late afternoon Drew pull into the crunchy gravel parking lot by a brown-l brick one - story building . the parking lot be full . int . rental car - late afternoon . through he side window , Drew see a youngish man slightly older than himself . he 's lean on the front fender of a hatchback . he look enormously happy to see Drew . he be jessie baylor , 31 . Drew squint into the sun . take a breath . he open the door and emerge from co this , the last in a series of protective air-condition , capsule that have deposit he here . , SD ext . elizabethtown funeral home - late afternoon Drew officially set foot in the South . he be meet with a otherworldly heat , a deep humidity , and the resounding roar of cicadas . all the smell and the lushness of the Southern summer immediately crowd he lung . he have be to a few distant place , even Europe for a summer , but nothing have feel so far from home as this . somewhere a bell clang . the blind sun cut through some tree to blur he vision for a moment . shade he eye , he see jessie approach swiftly , crunching loudly on the gravel : hoist up the garment bag , Drew meet he halfway . a a light urgency be in the drew jessie ? jessie . cuz ! Drew be hit with a walloping bug . jessie f— this loss will be meet by a hurricane of love , 2 and you be stay with I ! . 35 VA . jessie walk Drew through a tree-shade path to the funeral Home 's adjacent cemetery . jessie be immediately tactile , and prep Drew like a Senator 's aide whisper loudly in he ear . jessie okay , cuz , I be go to take care of everything . you remember uncle Dale . ' you be go to meet Charles Dean , who be a good old friend of you daddy 's . p.s. ~ you meet all this people when you be very small . do not worry , I will not leave you side . they trudge up a small hill to a plot of land . jessie present Drew with pride and relief to have somebody new in town who be roughly he age . jessie | _.. Charles Dean ! meet the grow up Drew baylor ! here be charle dean , 62 , a local institution . his face resemble a natural rock formation . drew J thank you . my condolence . jessie and you remember uncle Dale . ( uncle ) dale baylor , 56 , be Mitch 's young brother and jessie 's father . he too be regional through - and -though , though fleck with regret at he own lack of wanderlust . the man all gravely shake hand . Drew remember none of they . ext . elizabethtown cemetery plot ~ late afternoon the man stand near a patch of green lawn : charle dean here be Mitch 's plot . it 's be in you family for 272 year . I have always endeavor to keep this area clear for you daddy . drew ( beat ) we be still discuss that issue . there be a possibility of cremation . J ' the mention of cremation land hard , Charles Dean visibly freeze , look be exchange . a gust of wind blow . t charle dean well , for now , the question be ... do you want a open or a close casket ? . Drew shift body language . the big question be arrive quickly . drew close . charle dean " you be sure . drew yes . he be a private man . Charles Dean and Dale share a brief look . Drew feel there 's something he 's miss . charle dean . ( tightly ) 5 okay , so close . drew yes . Charles Dean present a small open box with a few of Mitch 's valuable . charle dean his wallet — Drew look at the lonely , familiar Brown wallet . drew the Brown wallet . charle dean a and he ring from West Point . I be assume you will want it on . drew yes . he be very proud of West Point . ( «= on he father 's watch 37 also in box . still tick . correct time : 6:10 pm . - I charle dean . I do not know if that mean as much in California , dow but West Point sure matter here . drew tt matter a lot . ( beat ) even though we now live in Oregon . charle dean and I do already dress he in a wonderful brown suit . drew , ( hold garment bag ) I do bring the Blue suit . charle dean you take a look at the brown and decide later . a uncomfortable beat pass . drew - we would prefer the Blue . charle dean Fine . then it will be the Blue . or the Brown . drew Blue . Charles Dean nod reluctantly . charle dean and do you want a close casket ... or a open casket ? Drew look slightly puzzle . be not this just settle ? drew ( carefully ) close ? a long beat of silence . look be exchange . dale ( delicately ) Drew , I think what Charles Dean want to say be , you daddy 's friend might be disappointed if they can not see he again . they have probably be disappointed if it be close for the viewing . ( aside , to Charles Dean ) be Bill banyon come ? charle dean I do not think so ... we have not ... Dale nod , relieved . the issue evaporate . drew the viewing ? ) jessie they be all here , cuz . charle dean they 's have be wait since three ‘o clock . uncle dale there 's a dinner later tonight . after the viewing . drew Fine . that 's — that 's fine . just ..- we would better go - over schedule and so forth because I have to head back in two day . so we will need to talk about flight arrangement for the casket — ( pause ) ~ or the ash . look be exchange . it 's very uncomfortable . int . nearby chapel room - late afternoon " a door swing open to a back chapel fill with people . chartes Dean present Drew grandly , as 2 Drew look at the small sea of unfamiliar face , all of they dress smartly and respectfully . he feel they eye , size he up . charle dean everybody , this be Mitch 's Boy from California , of the califomia baylor . this be Drew . he 's go to spend some time alone with he daddy , and then we will all join he . Drew , you be related of just about everybody here , and just . as you father be , we be , all very excited about you eight - year triumph with that beautiful shoe . ' Drew look at they sincere and curious face and see piece of recognizable nose and eye , , element of he father 's look ... all different spin on the same gene pool . he be not a public speaker , do they expect he to speak ? jessie lean over and whisper in Drew 's ear . : jessie you be go to need to say a little something from you heart . all eye be now on Drew . stiffly : drew . thank you for be here : sorry I 'mlate . he look at they face . it 's not enough . awkward adrenalin course through he . drew my condolence to all . ( blurt ) mar litle nervous . I have never see a dead body before . int . viewing room - early evening fe Drew be traumatize . Drew walk forward , advance on the coffin contain he father . jessie . baylor be at he side . jessie no , no ~ I be not gonna let you feel bad . it be from the heart — ( beat ) — but let they say '' condolence '' to you . drew I think '' condolence '' be — jessie — no , it 's income . it 's a income phrase . o ) a , '' 40 only the upper-half of the coffin be open . a american flag be fold on the bottom - half of the casket . Charles Dean appear at Drew 's other side . the sight be rather overwhelming to Drew . a human body . his father ... without breath . " behind he , Charles Dean assume the pose . head down , hand clasped , pastoral . he be , after all , a expert moumer . Drew tum to he , as if up until this moment , it all could have be a-terrible mistake . drew ( quietly ) there he be . it 's a enormously intimate moment . he draw closer , to the side of the casket . he pass through many emotion , end on a slightly perplex look . Charles Dean notice a oddness in Drew 's reaction . ' . charle dean do I not capture you daddy ... ? Drew be silent . he continue lock , now curious . drew I do not know what the word be . it 's just a look 1 never see before . a look on he face . charle dean too solemn ? drew no . I be go to say ... he tum to look at Charles , gaug the older man 's feeling . drew ... maybe not solemn enough . charle dean ( quietly , defensively ) he be a fun guy . drew okay , but - this be - this be — what 's the word ? charle ' whatever you wish . if you see he differently ... drew ' no. I just be pm a little tired ~ Drew nod — maybe so — and turn back to he father . charle dean if you move around a bit , you will see different aspect . Drew know he 's hurt the man 's feeling . drew it 's good ... J just wish I could think of the word . llike it . I like the way he look . you do a great job . thank you . Drew look briefly at Charles Dean — this be all a bit personal ~ as Charles slip a box of kleenex on the side of the casket . Drew nod politely . Charles nod solemnly , and pull a reluctant jessie on drew look down at he father . the improbable word come to he . drew . whimsical , the word be whimsical . on mitch who look like he 's be interrupt in mid-joke . we hear music , the introduction to the song that will play through this and the next sequence . Drew move around the coffin , look closely . 1n small way , assist by the lighting in this room , the expression actually do change ... in small but seemingly infinite variation . ' drew hey — why not ? whimsical . Drew stare . he reach forward carefully , and touch the knuckle on he father 's finger . they be hard and cold . he keep look at that face , the odd upbeat expression , as he stand alone in the large room with Mitch . Drew tilt he head and move to various vantage point to stare more carefully at he father , as music continue . 42 int . aunt dora' kitchen / home - evening a burst - of human interaction . the small house be pack with flower , friend , relative and food . a high -pitch intensity swirl around Drew . and he just happen to begin the beat heart of this ° ' home — the kitchen . with jessie baylor at he side , Drew be give a plate with a large piece of yellow pie ( chess pie , a regional favorite ) by 65 year - old silver - blonde ( aunt ) dora . " y connelly . dora represent the cheerfill side of the family , a grandchild - loving , powerful stalk ofa woman . lena , she older sister , move nearby , always the co-hostess . ( lena : '' how 's you mother , how 's hollie ? '' ) Drew watch the unspoken synchronicity of this cook , move swiftly , hold plate of food , never bump into each other as they expertly cook for many . they have swing into action . Three people talk to Drew simultaneously , one a tearful shy girlfriend ( connie ) of he father 's from a long time ago . she slip a high -school picture of Mitch into he hand . all around he , he see bit and piece of facial similarity . Music continue , as we see a portrait of Southern culture , the like of which be entirely foreign to Drew . series of shot ( note : Drew be rarely , if ever , alone in frame . ) 1 ) guest talk with Drew as he move from the pack kitchen . we view be partially obscure by the back of other . he 's give a ale - 8 , a soft-drink in a deep - green glass bottle . many hold similar bottle . '' it 's a regional drink , it 's like Mountain Dew with a kick , '' say jessie . they love see he drink it . '' no it 's good , '' Drew say . the guest , eager to talk to the visit star , be too close to he face . ' behind he on the wall be a pray hand sculpture . move in the close environment , he knock down the pray hand , and be give that too , along with more photo of he father . someone 's voice say , pointedly : '' we always want to know you better . '' and nearby ... 2 ) all burner on the stove be operate at full - blast . hush puppy ... com fritter ... Chicken ... 3 ) a table with Ham . a four-year old boy pop into the shot . he 's get fiery mischief in he eye . he be samson baylor , and he eye the ham with intent . he too hold a ale - 8 and be already chew something else . Drew meet another cousin : '' uncle Mitch always want we to meet . everybody say we look alike . '' there be only the vaguest similarity . 4 ) aunt dora be assure that Bill banyon be not show up . she appear mightily relieved . ( the word '' Bill banyon '' should become more and more prevalent , as in '' thank God Bill banyon be not come . '' ) 5 ) uncle roy , 56 and skinny , be asleep in the live room with television on , dream a old man 's dream . nearby teenager , beset with long face and light acne , fumble with a impossible group of remote control , none of which seem to help operate a new tivo / vcr system . 6 ) Drew move through the main part of the house , toward the live room , and he spot samson fy " 43 by the ham . jesse introduce Drew to a pretty 16 year - old girl , whisper '' mona be a stare -er . '' we meet mona , who have a very compelling stare . just as samson feel he 's not be watch , . he slip the ham off the table and let two nearby dog erupt into a dogfight over it . samson escape unseen , as the dog be blame . aunt lena 'say : '' Jennifer , get the dog out of here ! '' uncle Roy sleep through it all , : . 7 ) the ham be quickly rescue , wash and re-dress . 8 ) dora pull out a ginzu knife and start cut the ham , as Drew stand nearby . the blade be '' familiar to Drew , and he look at it like a lover with whom he still have a plan rendevous . jessie whisper in Drew 's ear throughout , always inform he of the player and the play field 's 9 ) jessie attempt to confiscate a ale - 8 from samson 's hand . samson wriggle away . 10 ) camera catch some of the memorabilia and photo be hand to Drew . 11 ) sad guy just sit there , bold a cigarette , look sad . 12 ) samson unravel scotch tape , see bananas , look subversive . 13 ) teenager by the television , continue to struggle . other be now enlist .to try and fix the tivo / vcr . 14 ) Drew easily fix . the complicated remote control system , and he meet a local star basketball player girl ( still wear jersey ) . 15 ) samson wedge the banana in the spigot of the pantry water - dispenser . 16 ) twin teenage girl show off a dance routine , which cheer up some of the more obviously grieve elder . se 17 ) samson scream next to uncle Roy , and wake he up , as he run out the front door . uncle Roy ask absently : '' be Bill banyon here ? '' a chorus comfort he , '' no , probably not . '' uncle Roy go back to sleep . 18 ) Drew be still surround by friend and family , all offer condolence . uncle Dale arrive to say , '' easy now , he 's be through a lot , and just '' cause he daddy like to talk do not mean hé do . '' behind Dale , a car back down the driveway . '' Dale , be not that you car ? who 's in that car ? '' '' where be my key ? '' 19 ) jessie come out of the bathroom . '' what 's go on ? '' aunt dora feed he bean from a spoon . like a child . '' it 's you son . he flood the closet with the water dispenser . and right now , he 's drive Dale 's car . '' C ) ~ 20 ) Drew chase after the car , go backwards , slowly down the sireet , bang on the side . 21 ) samson be surround by conceme adult , who try not to reward he flamboyantly bad behavior . , . int . aunt dora 's house -: night - later . there be a immediate ripple . someone have see he turn up the walkway . a moment later , bill banyon , 54 , walk in the front door . everything about he scream — mid-level slickster he 's untrustworthy , not as brilliant as he believe he be , and clearly arrogant . but here 's the catch . he 's fun . rumor and innuendo become he . he simply have no shame , as he announce : bill banyon a so you obviously make a group decision not to call and invite I . 2 beat . no one respond . banyon explode into a smile , extend a hand to the first stranger he see , move through the crowd like a politician with a checker background . bill banyon '' hi. Bill banyon ... . a ( move through crowd ) I hear Drew baylor be here ... how you do ? ... how you do , Bill banyon ... banyon spot a woozy samson . he kneel down to . he . . bill banyon — be this samson ? how you do , samson ? give I a Big Boy 's hug — jessie and Drew watch as samson reward banyon with the entire content ’of ' a upset stomach . the splatter hit banyon and , to a much lesser degree , carpet and linen . bill banyon okay ! okay then ... okay ... nice to see you too . his face lock into detach bemusement , Drew absorb the emotional cacophony of human behavior swirl around he . ext . aunt dora 's home ~ night the window and door of the house be wide open , as the live room be aire out . out of necessity , the dinner have move outdoors . the house look beautiful , light from within . . " 45 Drew draw a sketch for a starstruck kid ( connie 's son ) . the kid then ask he to autograph a spasmotica ad , and pose for a picture . other ask Drew question , the Dancing twin watch transfix . Drew be the st be of this evening , to the very end . we catch a real wearihess in he . on jessie nearby be dress down by Dale . Dale speak to jessie as if he 's still 17 , which in many way ‘he be . it 's embarrassing watch a adult scold , but it 's nothing new for jessie . . dale you have get to take control of you kid ! that boy . be look for rule from you ! jessie hey — blame I , everybody do . dale you can not be a kid , and raise a kid ! ' Cause they be smart . they smell it . on banyon talk to other about he business — real -estate — while adjust borrow sweatpant . on jessie who walk over to Drew . it 's be a eventful evening . jessie have share - he world with Drew , and he be grateful to have somebody within the vicinity of he own age who just may understand . jessie how you hold up ? ext . neighborhood - night 7 Drew and jessie jog through the center of the street , a unlikely look pair weigh down with stuff . Drew tightly hold he bag , a few artifact , food - container and the pray hand . jessie hold he son , asleep and sling over he shoulder . on either side , there be the blue glow of house light up by live room television . it feel good to be move again , away from the crowd . they arrive at jessie 's small house . samson be still asleep over jessie 's shoulder . a few firefly snap and buzz . drew beautiful night ... do it ever cool off ? '' jessie no . this time of year ~ it 's hotter than the 's hinge of hell . we get star , though . '' int . jessie 's home / samson 's room - night Drew watch from the darken doorway , as jessie slap pajamas on a groggy samson . '' drew . : he 's a exciting kid . . : tr , jessie , it 's the only thing he inherite from Cheryl . the volume . . ( to samson ) do you love I ? come on , I carry you half a mile ... do you love I ? samson ( sleepily ) 2 * jessie thick and thin ? samson thick and thin . : jessie . tm surprised aunt hollie do not make it . , cee she 's pretty break up . she send she love to everybody , though . jessie nod , he know the subtext . jessie I do not blame she . around here , they favorite thing in the world be to get offended by something small , and hold onto it for fifty year . 2 Drew smile at he outspoken cousin , and nod as in — better get to bed . 46 al jessie but then , you and you dad be close . as Drew watch jessie slap pajamas on the sleepy kid : ' drew oh very close . I know he very , very well . he be my dad ! we be actually go to ... drive here together ... this year ... and it become next year ... and no , I know he very well . very , very well . . and it 's obvious in the extra beat we stay on Drew that he do not know he father well af all . int . music / guest room - night jessie show Drew the guest room , which also function as a '' office . '' shelves of toy and knick - knack share space with band equipment , break boom box , concert ticket , a concert poster on the wall . and a lonely - look futon . drew ( tired ) : ' this will be perfect . I love it . I can sleep anywhere . jessie you in my house , man . this be great . the circumstance be noi great . but we be cousin , brother . brother , we be cousin . that be my band . jessie point out the poster , as he pull out pillow and clear kid toy from the floor . ( jessie be : clearly a big kid with toy , try to raise a smaller kid with toy . ) on poster it read : Winchester summerfest , feature lynyrd skynyrd . jessie this be the show we open for lynyrd skynyrd . . two of the original member ! drew coal — jessie well , we almost open for ‘em . it 's really a long be ~ C story . we never play , and we never play since . Drew see the long list of perform band list on the poster , squint and find the tiny letter at ' i the bottom of the bill ... ruckus . we start to hear a sleepy whine in the next room . samson stir . ' drew |. . ' rackus ? jessie ruckus . jessie nod proudly and quietly , as Drew look over some memorabilia from the fail band . drew and now you fix computer . ' jessie I have take the year off for hard think ... tough think . something big have happen ... '' ér be happen-ne , and I want to be the guy who put he finger on it . creatively . he laugh to himself . Drew laugh a little too , study the poster . behind he , jessie sing spontaneously , acapella , a verse from he own composition , '' same in any Language . '' Drew listen uncomfortably , unsure how to respond or where to look af jessie sing : . jessie '' that postcard I send from Birmingham all the way from the window of Amsterdam . copped a gram from dapper Sam just a four-letter man in another jam ... '' 4 oh yeah ... '' next door , samson fully wake and erupt into a sustained howl . jessie discount the noise like - the seasoned father of aloud child . Drew take a breath , politely nod , and look around the room , imagine the next seven hour or so . the child be loud . we hear a quiet knock along : the wall . woman 's voice hello ? a young woman peek around the comer hold key . she have long straight hair with just a sliver of she face visible . she wear a bartell 's drug store uniform , with a dark coat over it . she be debbie , 30ish . '' ) C ) qc ) * 49 jessie ( whisper ) '' Debbie ! . . debbie ' ( shy , whisper ) hey J. drew hi. jessie nod and wink at Drew as in - you be on you own , my date be here . int . music / guest room — later night window pane shadow slash the darken room . a flutter almost - human form move across the room . ( it 's the front porch flag 's shadow . ) Drew hear a low scratch noise . it 's a old leafless tree that scrape across the window in the wind . the branch scrape again . Drew imagine : hollie 's voice '' his spirit be still hover ... look for a place to land ... '' another other - worldly sound now catch he attention . it 's just next door . now the leafless tree branch scrape again . the other - worldly whine grow louder , from behind the wall . we begin to realize that it 's actually Debbie . and now we hear jessie 's sound of pleasure . the wind kick up , and the tree branch scrape insistently . Drew now hear a mournful banshee wail . it 's samson , howling from the next room . get louder . for a few long moment , all be in syncopation . Drew rise on a elbow . front desk voice von welcome to the Hyatt lexington ... vee int . hyatt lexington - night Drew with bag , backpack with pray hand peek out , and food container at the front desk . a wedding party have take over much of the hotel . balloon and banner read : Chuck and Cindy hasboro !! lovin 's life !! lovin 's each other 24 -7 !! Chuck and Cindy be feature in sunglass , pose together . clearly it 's they favorite photo - it 's everywhere . Drew be so tired it all look pleasingly surreal . before he be a super- professional young souther desk girl ( charlotte ) , 20 . and she be memorable for this trait . she type at she computer , send information to a database that only she see . she type dutifully and steadily from the first moment we meet she . and she never stop W charlotte ... how long will you be with we ? drew two night . her type speed up a beat . charlotte be you with the hasboro wedding ? Chuck and Cindy ? she 's type , and he have not even answer yet . drew no. I be leave on Friday . she nod with a private look of relief . her type modulate slightly . charlotte be you a member of any major Travel program ? drew ( realize ) T have a coupon . it 's still in he pocket . Drew show she the coupon . Charlotte 's type become suddenly slow and suspicious , as she look at it . . charlotte I have not see that coupon before . drew oan just give I the best room you have . put it of my credit card charlotte that will be 325 a night — wedding rate . drew put it on my company card . let it rip . she type happily , at full speed sl int . HOTEL hallway — night Drew move down the hotel hallway , key card in band ; weigh down with the cargo of food contaifier and memento . the door to many of the room be flung open . television be on . the entire hotel seem to be fill with wedding guest . there 's a 20ish couple at the end of the hallway . they part , as friend take they each in different direction . she be bride - to - be cindy , ° a athletic blonde with shiny long hair pull tightly back , look over she shoulder at groom - to - be , chuck hasboro . Chuck 's a sinewy , short - haire extreme sport addict . Chuck 's have some drink . he call out to other : , chuck . do not change the schedule or Cindy will freak out ! he tum to see Drew , stand at the door to the next room . chuck ( simple realization ) 1 be the luckiest guy in the world . it 's the plain beauty of a time - wear phrase , say with real feel . Chuck shut the door , leave Drew oddly happy for this stranger . suddenly and powerfully , he 's never feel lonelier . int . drew 's HOTEL room - night Drew be on he cell - phone , sit on the sofa in t-shirt and short and sock . his leg be kick up on the coffee table . complimentary toothbrush - and-mouthwash package stand like pillar on the table before he . ( we still hear party noise in the hallway . ) Drew be seize by a ' sudden need for human contact . he 's make call on he cell - phone . he look jag and exhaust . drew Heather . pick up , sis . I be exhaust . I be at the hexington ... the lexington Hyatt . call I on the cell . okay , 1 see jessie and uncle Dale and ... I have see dad . he 's fine ... well , he 's not fine , it 's , uhm ... we be go to need a decision soon about the whole , you know the burial thing ... call I on the cell , I be about to go the bed . int . drew's HOTEL room - night - minute later Drew on the phone . drew hey Mom . be you there ? I be here at the lexington Hyatt . be you with Heather ? hello ? jnt . drew 's HOTEL room - night - thirty second later Drew on the phone . drew ellen ! hey it 's Drew . be you there ? int . drew 's HOTEL room -- night Drew stare at the phone , and gesture to it like a dinner- theater magician . drew call I back ... somebody call I back . silence . on television 52 Drew absently switch channel . four straight channel feature four straight gunplay murder . he settles on a music channel , a rock band 's innocuous video of they upbeat song ... but suddenly the singer bas a gun and he '' ' story '' soon feature he point the weapon directly at the camera . Drew shut off the television . int . drew's HOTEL room - night - one minute later Drew on the phone . it 's messy , and he long to hang up two second into leave this message . drew Claire colbum . yeah , it 's Drew baylor ... and 1 want to ... thank you for the direction . you be '' not around . you do not have to call I back . I be go to sleep right now . Long day . thank you for the coupon . it do not really work . ( almost hang up ) but do not feel bad . everything 's fine . goodnight . it 's all good . what be I say ? I do not even say '' it 's all good . '' uh ... goodnight . Drew hang up . silence last one second the phone ring . drew hello ? ~ int . heather 's apartment — night Heather 's on the phone . a flurry of cooking activity in the background . ' heather Drew , you have get to come home . Mom have decide she want to learn to cook ... drew oh no . I will be home soon . heather have you cry yet ? ' drew | ( ying ) a litle . heather same here , when it happen , it 's go to be for day . she 's out of control , Drew . you have get to come home . there be a cal ) - wait chime on the phone . drew | wait a second . I will be right back . heather please come home . drew just ... hold on . he click the next - call button . drew hello ... int , memphis airport hallway - late night Claire be absolutely delighted , as she talk while stride through 2 late- night Memphis Airport . as '' be she style , she begin in mid-conversation . * claire ~so here 's what 's unique and somewhat iconic about the Memphis Airport ... by the way , great to hear from you ... I do not expect for you to call ... then again , i do leave a few thousand uumber . ( beat ) it 's Claire . drew Claire , can 1 call you right back ? / claire til hold . drew | okay . he click the next - call line . drew a hello ? int . heather 's apartment - night Heather on the phone . heather lasagna . she 's make broccoli lasagna . drew lasagna ? oh god. no . you do not have to '' eat it , do you ? heather please come home . on hollie cooking . hollie '' I want to leam to cook , and I want to learn to laugh , and 1 want to tap dance . T have always want to tap dance . heather ~ , ( sotto , into phone ) * . she say she want to learn to cook , she want to 7 learn to laugh , and she 's always want to tap dance . '' . ( start to cry ) 7 she will not stop move . she 's in constant motion . : drew do not cry , she will be okay . heather , I be cry for myself . I have she for two more day . T have not be alone for a second 'to just — drew Heather ... we need a decision here . what 's you opinion on the whole burial issue ? ' because there 's a lot of people here with big opinion -- and there 's a problem with the Blue suit that / can not put my finger on ! 2 the line chime . another call be come in . drew wait wait wait . hold ona second . let I get off this other call . he click the next - call button . drew oe hello ? ce , int . ellen 's apartment - night it 's ellen on the phone . she 's stiff , a little nervous . she 's dress up , on she way out . ellen , Drew , it 's ellen . you cail I . drew ( electrify , loopy ) - ellen ! thank you for call I back ! so much be é go on I call you about that silly goodbye . ( beat ) 56 could you hold on for just a second ? I be so happy you call . I be just ~ ellen yeah , but I be go out to dinner . . ol % drew just one second . | really need to talk with you . do not go . he click the next - call line . ' drew : hello ? int . airport shuttle - night Claire on the phone , patiently pick up right where she leave off , full - steam ahead . claire ... 80 here 's what 's great about the Memphis airport ... drew Claire , hold on . ( beat ) listen , on second think , I just want to thank you and everything . really , just want to call you and thank you . Goodbye , thank you and ... you know , take care . claire ( immediately ) tl hold . drew ( immediately ) okay . he click the pext-call line . drew ( breath ) hellot a int . heather 's apartment - night Heather on the phone . heather cremated . do not you agree ? drew Heather , they really love he here . they be not buy cremation . they do not even acknowledge the word . they have a family burial plot that , go back hundred of year . it 's almost like some mystic joké , I be here try to ... whatever , listen - we have to talk about this . but T need to call you back . heather ( aghast ) be there anything more important than the conversation we be have ? drew I will call you right back . heather okay . just dial he / / and will answer ! / drew T will cail you right back . heather ' just tell I it 's go to be fine . you do not even have to mean it . drew it 's go to be fine . 1 will call you right back . heather I miss dad . drew be he a fun guy ? r) _ heather of course he be a fun guy ! especially in the ' last few year when you get so busy -- rok , drew ; T will call you - right back . , . he click the next - call line . drew hello ? int . ellen 's apartment - night ellen be stand up , ready to go , but now slightly irritate . she 's open up some gum . ellen how be it a silly goodbye ? drew , . ellen. look , ] know you be late for dinner -- . , ellen Tam late . drew ym in kentucky — she shake off she impatience with he , set down she bag . ellen ieeewt ! ( ust say it , with love ) - tt be real and it be great ... and it be really great . Drew say nothing . ellen ( then briskly ) call I anytime . okay .... goodbye . drew Goodbye ? ellen Goodbye . just goodbye . it 's not goad bye . it 's , you know ... '' good bye . '' . take care . ' drew : ~ okay , goodbye . . . ellen , ( simple , final ) Goodbye . as he suspect , it be indeed the sound of a true and final goodbye . the power of it startles he . drew ' Goodbye ? she hang up , and Drew look at the cell - phone in he band for a jong beat . he click the next- call button . resigned , with polite obligation : . drew hello ? int . claire 's car - drive - night Claire on the phone . claire . so do I win the phone lottery ? drew ( breath ) teli I about the Memphis airport . peg claire ym over it . I be actually almost home now . be the road as hellish as '' tell you ? he finally say the word for the first time . it 's freeing , and the freedom surprise he . drew Claire . my dad 's dead claire I know drew you. know . ' claire I do not know a lot about everything , but I do imow a lot about the part of everything that T know , which be — people . drew and I think I be so mysterious ... claire trust I . everybody be less mysterious than they think they be . 1 he sit back in he chair . finally , a real conversation . dissolve tq ; ext . hyatt HOTEL - later night the smallish high - rise gleam in the dark . a light in the window . we see Drew pace ata distance . it feel good to unburden , even if it be to a stranger . drew 's voice _.. and they all know I , and I do not know any of they , and I have never see a dead body before they be wait to see that body like it be rock concert — int . claire 's apartment - later night : . _f Claire 's dress in t-shirt and sweat pants , as she pop two White Castle burger square into a microwave . she take out the garbage as she talk , juggting the phone with one hand . claire _.. well , that 's a crime ... to have never take a solitary road - trip across country ... everybody 's gotta take a road trip at least once in they life . just you and some music ? seriously , you have never ... I have do it four time ... 60 .. ' 61 ..__ int . drew's HOTEL room - night Drew be change shirt , juggling the phone with one hand as he speak . find himself talk ' , drew - ... h no , you have no idea of the sheer volume of my cousin 's kid when he cry ... he 's three ... he '' . - name be samson and he be the loudest person I have ' ever meet . he be the loudest kid in the World . plus , he also drive . he take a 99 buick out for a spin tonight ... int . claire 's apartment - later night a few minute later , the mood have change . Claire switch CD from a collection she keep in a travel bag . claire I think there be a great spirit , definitely ... but organize religion be just a narrow ~ ) definition of a belief system ... int . drew 's HOTEL bathroom - later night Drew pee quietly against the side of the bowl to hide the sound from Claire . drew .. well , there be comfort in ritual . and the * ritual can be spiritual in itself . but 1 agree , what 's leave behind , finally , eat the impression you make on people . int . claire 's apartment - later night she empty the freezer of obsolete food , and fill another garbage bag , as she empty kitty litter . claire : no , see more important be to know where to go . you have not travel at all , have you ? int . drew 's HOTEL bathroom - later night y Drew flush and high - tail it to the next room to hide the flusbing sound . drew I be not pee . you would know if | be pee . ext . claire' apartment - later night - - she 's in the hallway , sit , in a long shot , painting to¢ nail with she foot on the doorway , claire ' no , I do not have a accent . you have a accent . int . drew 's live room - later night Drew pace . ' . drew ... ljust recently decide that thing really be ... black and white . I can not believe I be tell this to somebody ... particularly a stranger . which I know you be not , but - on claire . . ° on she back , kick she leg to dry she toe . then she stop . claire £ .. yeah , she be a alcoholic , and so we be ] become '' helper , '' which I still can not help . 1 can not help help ... on drew close . drew _. he be a Captain in Vietnam and they meet towards the end of the war ... he be literally on he way home ... they meet in a elevator ... int . claire bathroom ~ night Claire in the bathroom . claire _ and I can usually see all point of view and that 's my problem . ] can not give a yes or no answer that quickly . I can actually see all side of any problem . | can not ever answer yes or no . I spend so much time think about all the answer to the problem ... that I forget what the problém actually be . I can actually agree with every point of view ... so yes . but 1 also see the other side . so yes . but maybe no ... she flush and move quickly down the hall , to hide the sound . ' claire . what be you do when you hear about Mitch ? . you know what ~ you do not have to talk about it . int . drew 's live room ~ later night Drew in the hotel room in short . he plug in the charge for the phone . this call be run a little longer than he anticipate . drew ... okay , the shoe business . if you be smart , you will just wear shoe and never ask any question . just enjoy you shoe and do not think about where they come from . it 's like hot dog . int . clairen bedroom / bathroom - later night Claire put on pajama bottom , brush she tooth and cradling the phone by she neck . claire and then Ben say ... hold on ... she move into the bathroom . she spit , cover the phone against she chin . int . drew 's bathroom - later night Drew finish wash some sock . drew okay . okay . will drive back home . at least part of the way . / will take a road trip . | be actually go to go with Mitch next year ... why be I call he '' Mitch ? '' 63 ? int . claire 's bedroom — night Claire pack clothes in a super-efficient manner . . claire ... and you know what Ben say , '' just be authentic . '' that 's the only decent advice in the world . but that 's Ben . int . drew 's bed -- night he listen . it feel like truth be be tell , late at night . drew ' T will let you go to sleep . ' int . claire 's bedroom - night Claire yawn . . claire '' yeah ... okay ... fim talk to you . int . drew 's HOTEL room - night Drew shut off the light . drew . _. at you ... with you . do not forget about what 1 say about stick to a single point of view . int . claire 's bedroom - night she shut off the light . claire yeah you too . int . drew 's HOTEL room - night in darkness . drew shit . I forget to call my sister . 64 '' int . claire 's bedroom - night in darkness . ' ( beat ) , | , do you have a mini-bar in you room ? you . want to have a beer over the phone ? her light switch on . int . drew 's HOTEL room - night his light switch on . Drew look at the empty mini-bar , make a disappointed sound . '' drew empty ... wait ... int . HOTEL hallway - night - minute later Drew enter frame and move down the hotel hallway in short , t-shirt and hotel robe , still hold cell - phone . he be loopy , and beyond tired . he see more jjaminate Chuck and Cindy poster , festoon with balloon . drew Chuck ... Cindy ... Cindy ... Chuck ... the hallway be mostly empty . we hear distant music . the Chuck and Cindy wedding party be raging elsewhere . Drew feel stupidly alive , with no one watch , as he groove slightly and shuffles into the back bathroom of a empty party room in search of beer . he find a bathtub fill with ice and many float bottle . oo drew ( on phone ) aha ! nectar from Olympus ! unguard ! ha ha ! ( mock secrecy ) . 1 be currently steal Chuck and Cindy 's wedding beer . Drew pilfer a couple bottle , one for each pocket , and rise tc see Chuck hasboro himself , also in arobe . Chuck look deeply drunk , deeply happy . chuck you be a friend of chuck , right ? fe ld 1 66 drew yes — chuck - no , you be not . I be Chuck . drew | Chuck ! of '' Chuck and Cindy ? '' it be you . . chuck ( warily ) : Chuck hasboro . drew ( into phone ) . it 's Chuck . I tell you about Chuck . I be talk to Chuck ... . chuck who be you ? drew Drew baylor . you neighbor . chuck be you here for my wedding ? drew no. chuck - Business ? drew ( breath , simple truth ) my dad die , and I be here for he funeral . suddenly , Chuck stop . he be take with the utter honesty of it all . chuck oh man — drew no. please ... it 's alright ... it 's not alright , but — chuck nol it 's not alright . I be — y be sorry . tca not - . that 's hard — drew ttishard . '' i : ' chuck , aw , shit ~ y Chuck begin to cry . ' chuck — death and life and death and life . right next . ' oly door to each other ... once you start see the . Big Fucking picture , you can not go backwards . drew Te no , that 's ... that 's good advice . chuck this be Big Fucking picture . ( cry , on the beer ) take it all . drink drink . enjoy brother . drew thanks , I will take two ... é Chuck give he three , and grab a few for he own pocket , plus more . impulsively , he hug ; Drew . they robe clank loudly with beer — a human toast . : : chuck we be here for the next three day , if there 's anything 1 can do for you . ( reach for the phone ) Chuck hasboro . if there 's anything I can do for you guy . okay ? Chuck hand the phone back to Drew , still emotional , and jug Drew again . a even louder , more satisfy human toast . cbuck sigh heavily , as Drew head down the hallway . drew {into phone ) we be make friend like crazy . where do we go now ? ' ext . claire 's apartment - night Claire on the phone on the ’porch , with a bottle of beer , she leg draw up to she chest . claire '' ]t be real and it be great and it be really great ? '' I hate her} ! ext . drew 's balcony - night Drew on the balcony with a beer , attempt to stick up for ellen . . drew 1 actually think it be - you know ... ( cling to belief ) . sort of a compliment at the time . he listen to she laugh . drew _ T will let you go to sleep . : . int . claire 's apartment - late night Claire now do late - night laundry in a tiny stack washer - dryer . claire no — that 's so funny it make I cry . ( beat ) ~ but no . I cry at the drop of a hat . asa matter of fact , I cry at the har . 1 cry at the weather that create the need for the hat . 's macrier . I will let you go .. - int . drew 's HOTEL room — night Drew in he room , thoughtful . drew yeah , it 's late . I gotta get up early too . int . claire 's apartment — late night she draw she leg closer . a claire ( grow very direct ) but they say it will hit you . it could be ten minute or it could be ten year from now . so it 's good that you talk about it . or don "t talk about it . well , we have talk about it . but , that 's what they say . int . drew 's HOTEL room — night Drew laugh , as he lay out wallet and key on a table near the door for the next day . : drew that 's what they say , buh ? ' claire ' yes . that 's what they say . drew '' ( beat ) T have always wonder this . who be '' they ? '' intercut : int . bathtub ~ night Claire in the bathtub , protect toenail . claire 's you know ~ they . drew '' they ? '' claire yes , the inimitable collective '' they . '' drew and who say we be suppose to listen to '' they ? '' claire ( beat ) they do . 69 drew do not you ear burt ? claire yes , and I have to get up in two hour and be charming .' ] be go to Hawaii ~ drew you will get there and have fun . claire til get there and sleep . it 's just a little vacation J trade route for ... pil let you go . ext . drew 's porch - late night Drew on the porch . he hesitates . drew wait . ubm . when will you be back ? ( beat ) hello ? int . claire 's bedroom - night Claire in bed . only a small night - light be on . claire . yeah , I be / just wonder if this whole ching i be better onthe phone . you be so much better on the phone . maybe we should never face each other again . int . drew 's HOTEL room - night Drew in bed . Television flicker . tire but truthful : drew J enjoy this he shut the television off . total darkness . int . claire 's bedroom ~ night * total darkness . 70 7 claire hey . you be only forty - five minute away . pll meet you halfway if you want to see the sun rise . at 'this point , it 's probably easier to stay up . Drew turn the light back on . ' : drew . you think so ? . Claire turn the light back on . . claire ' J think that 's what '' they '' say . ' int , drew 's rental car — traveling - late night Drew on the phone in the car . drew : I see you headlight . I see you red hat . " int . claire 's car - late night Claire drive in a red wool hat . . claire there you be . . int . drew 's rental car - late night Drew pull over . he feel like he 's part of a sudden early - morning fishing trip . ext . kentucky highway - earliest morning the first glint of daylight be in the sky , as they get out of they car . both look rumple in long , coat as they walk towards each other . they size each other up , anticipation in the air , still talk on cell - phone even though they be only six foot away from each other . claire hello ! - : 2 ' drew hey . claire okay - . . drew | alright then . should we hang up now ? my claire so okay . Goodbye . drew . . Goodbye . . - . they both hang up . it 's a little exciting : - soe claire . so hi. drew hey . ' they stand together in the morning light . and then it bit they , as still virtual stranger , it 's : surprisingly uncomfortable know so much about each other . claire follow I — oe ext . hillside - earliest morning he follow she , slip a little , move down the hillside . ext . hillside vista - earliest morning = '' Drew and Claire sit together on a hillside rock , watch the sun come up . they look over a expanse of roll kentucky land , dot with ramshackle cow pasture . there be the sound of distant early morning garbage truck , bottle crash on bottle . cicadas start up for the new day . there 's not much to say that they have not say already . the threat of a kiss be in the air . romantic pressure abound . bird be chirp a little too loudly . . drew ( obligate ) beautiful . he glance around , it 's a touch awkward . rf claire ( blurt ) we peak on the phone . ; drew | 1 ( immediately ) yeah , 1 - T ’ma little tired . - claire metoo . wow. okay . let I guide you back to the hotel so you do not get lose . on tail light her car in front of he , Claire lead he back to the hotel . theme music . on passing window of elizabethtown the same main street now empty , with a few light still on . he tum and see .. the blue bicycle > park outside a fence , goggle hang from the handlebar . on intersection they arrive at the imersection where the Hyatt be just ahead . last image it 's a crystal , crisp morning . now it 's cold . Claire power down the passenger car door window and lean way over to say goodbye to he . she slow down as she pass . it 's the perfect image for a connoisseur of last look . claire aloha ! drew aloha . Drew shake off the pleasant feel , and return to he life fade out : '' fade up on : ext . mom 's home - early morning hollie stand in she driveway . hollie you will not defeat I . ' she be speak to she car , a two - door volvo . on motor gleam and forbid , ' on hollie peer inside , with manual . she knock the metal stand prop up the hood , and it close on she harshly and heavily . . wide shot - hollie trapped by the hood . - struggle , like a fish catch in the jaw of a shark . Heather appear and scream , as we hear hollie 's voice . hollie I be okay ... I be okay ... int . elizabethtown funeral home — morning Drew stand over the coffin with Charles Dean , look disatisfied_ charle dean the Blue suit clesh with the lining of the coffin . drew 1 do not think he would complain . . charle dean vd have to orde another casket from lexington . something that might work with the family of blue . ( beat ) which be another $ 1700 . i drew ( less sure ) okay . charle dean : we could have it ready for the Memorial . drew : . I think yesterday be the Memorial . charle dean no — the Memorial be for everybody to get together and celebrate you father . drew : do not we do that yesterday ? - ' charle dean ( exasperate ) that be the viewing . the Memorial be this Saturday . and many people be come . ~ drew when be the funeral ? charle dean a week from this Sunday . drew ( emphatic ) Mr. Dean . with all great and due and wonderful respect ... everything have to be finish by this Sunday . y will stay a extra day , but 0 longer . charle dean just tell I we can mule out ... the other option . ext . high school football field ~- day Drew be on the phone , stand in the middle of the school football field . as he talk , Charles " 75 Dean and uncle Dale and Bill banyon stand at the door the gymnasium , wave to Drew to follow they . Drew raise a hand ~ 1ll just be another minute . drew / Mom . be you absolutely certain that be he wish ? ext . oregon dance studio - day ' : hollie baylor be a tight portrait of anxiety go haywire . she now wear dance attire . Heather . ' stand nearby , hugging herself to stay sane . . : hollie honey , I do not know when I be go to crash , but as of right now — . . . ( indicate beleaguere Heather ) — we be learn about the car , I be learn organic cooking , I be go to tap dance and jater today , 1 be go to fix the toilet . itis five minute at a time . . Heather be at near exhaustion level , try to keep up . she shout softly in the background . heather please come home , Drew ! 's drew Mom , | think you need to slow down . hollie ' and do what -- cry ? everybody say to take anti- depressant . hey . I be out here make thing happen . all forward motion count . heather ( yearn ) please take anti-depressant , mother . or better yet — give they to I . hollie ' when be you come home ? drew there 's a Memorial at he high school gymnasium this Sunday -- tr 5 qo '' hollie ( suddenly suspicious ) who 's there plan all of this ? drew uncle Dale and Bill banyon . my of hollie Bill banyon be there ? bill banyon ? drew yes ... hollie ' he 's a ... he 's a ... con man . Bill banyon still owe you father twelve thousand dollar . the cheapest man in the world ! seventeen year ago he do something 7 will never tell you about but it almost ruin this family to it 's very core . the price of admission be very steep 'on this guy ! and he wear orange — she 's just get start on this subject , but Drew must cut she off . drew mother , listen , focus ~ ! hollie Bill banyon ? . ~ : drew . last time I will ask — hollie I know it 's all very charming , with the pickle thing in jar , and the southem charm , and the ham that hang in the garage until they be so moldy you can grow penicillin on they but — drew ~ be you sure about the cremation ? because this decision , you know ... it 's gonna stick around for a while . a silent moment pass . 77 hollie ' if Bill banyon be there — definitely cremation ! drew okay . I have gotta go . hollie and you can tell Bill banyon I be come . . int . gymnasium - afternoon Drew join the other , hold ale - 8s in the gymnasium . the man be size up the possible . location of the Memorial . Drew clap he hand , as in here 's the tough news , fella , drew , gentlemen — it 's cremation . and my mother 's come . Bill banyon nod resolutely . Storm cloud sweep across he face . Charles Dean clutches nnis heart . the man exchange look . charle dean '' ido not do cremation . you be go to have to go to louisville . drew ( mispronounce ) T will go to louie-ville . int . hyatt lobby ~ day Drew be walk through the lobby , past Chuck and Cindy poster , tired and hold map and crematory documentation . to himself : drew louie-vull .... loua ... ville ... his cell - phone ring . he answer as he walk . drew hello . claire 's voice alcha ! ] talk to my friend kendra , who hada . girlfriend with a kid who be exceedingly loud like samson . hm '' Drew be a bit weary , and not up to she energy level . drew oh , hi , aloha . clairen voice — and she have give I a video - tape that work absolute miracle . we have get to get it to samson ! drew ( tired ) : hey thanks Claire . clairen voice what — you be already tired of I ? drew . I just have not sleep . I be sorry ... how 's Hawaii ? claire 's voice well , I be check out this . cute guy . drew ( annoyed , tired ) why be you tell I that ? on claire in the same lobby walk twenty step behind he , like a spy . she take a : pin and stick it in one of Chuck and Cindy 's wedding balloon , attach to the laminate poster of the couple . it pop loudly . on drew who tum and look . he Pov empty . but he have a odd feel she 's nearby . drew where be you ? her hand slip over he eye , she spin he around . claire how could I leave you in distress ? I be take , you out . . . . for Music begin , the perfect song that might pop up somewhere on a great date and forever become a souvenir of the occasion , except we be in the incongruous set of ... int hadley crematory ( louisville ) - day . arow of um . Ali different size and shape . move shot of Drew and Claire examine all the different possibility . a young worker look on appreciatively , not use to someone as colorful and lively as Claire in this world that be very much about the opposite . as music continue , she turn this potentially lugubrious task into a explosion of life . each look at opposite wall of choice , Drew and Claire back into each other unintentionally — it 's they first physical contact . they separate . the Young Worker tum he attention to a older couple who enter . behind he back , Claire playfully fling one of the urn across the room to Drew , laugh . when the grieve older couple tum to look at Claire , she 's already serious and respectfully monochromatic . Drew and the Young Worker share alock . the Young worker 's expression be this — why you and not I ? a ° now Claire explore a row of oil painting of benefactor , imitate each of they expression , even a famous kentucky racehorse . Claire find a small flag , and eventually she and Drew arrive from different direction in front of one very idiosyncratic purple urn . she grab it , and pose Drew on a view bench with the um and the flag . she take a imaginary snapshot . Drew hand the urn to the Young Worker . the selection have be make . and somehow , surprisingly , Drew share a , look with she that could only be describe as disbelief — he 's actually just have fun . young worker : just need you signature there ... and you can pick this up tomorrow after the procedure . lo ° ext . hadley crematory ( louisville ) - later day Drew and Claire walk together outside , under the shady oak that line this mock -colonia ! mansion that house the '' rest grounds . '' Music trail off . drew , look — I be - I be not sure I feel comfortable have fun . she look at he serious face , and crack up . he look right and leave . what 's so furmy ? 4 '' gt int . tracey 's restaurant - day they sit across from each other . he continue , stress this point : drew I be serious . I have get nothing but problem . claire ' alright . let 's work through ‘em . one by one . t’ be good at this . drew . . . I think there 's only one problem , and it 's everything . claire come on ~ one by one -- drew for starter ? my dad 's dead ! and we be suppose to get to know each other better , ) as adult ... next year . claire you be deal with it . it happen . drew my mom want cremation . they do not do cremation in elizabethtown . claire not a problem . Drew get up to grab a miss utensil . she swivel and study he , and he every word . . drew there 's a expensive Memorial come up . ( unconvincing ) ' not that money be a issue of course — ' claire ( wave it away ) it will all work out . ) he sit down . L . drew and I can not make a attachment here because I be just go to disappoint you in a very profound way . so I think today be pretty much the sum total of we . they study each other 's face . . claire you be right . it 's everything . ( lean forward with mock panic ) it 's a complete disaster . you have no choice but to give up completely ! ( beat ) , but we do have tonight . . ' he look at she . she 's immovably positive . ext . greenbelt - night they walk back to the parking lot . there be a errant sprinkler , and they must adapt . drew you 's be kind of great , Claire . you do know that . sort of amazing even . claire '' come on . 1 do not need a ice-cream cone . drew it 's not a ice-cream cone . ( beat ) what 's a ice-cream cone ? claire you know , '' here 's a little something to make you happy ... " something sweet that melt in five minute . I be completely cool with anything you want to say or not say — 1 do not need it . he smile . he like she language . , claire besides , Ben be come in tomorrow night . cu they reach she car . she rummages through she purse . the moonlight be beautiful . we hear the sound of other across the lake . anybody else would be kissing by now . claire you want to hear my theory ? drew 's '' course . claire . you and J have a special talent , and I see it immediately . ' drew tell I . claire we be the substitute people . drew ( admire she language ) '' substitute people ? '' claire I have be the substitute person my whole life . I be not : a ellen . I never want to be a ellen . and I have never be a Cindy either ... although chuck love I - drew ''m sure they do . claire : I like be alone too much . I be with a guy — who be '' marry '' to he academic career — I rarely see he . and I be the substitute person there . llike it that way . it 's a lot less pressure . . drew . I get it . claire ( confide , realize ) my parent want a boy . I be even the substitute 3 person to they ! until the real thing show up ... tm a very , very good substitute person . '' Drew enjoy the oddness of she think process . they exchange a look . claire 2 but if we kiss . I mean really kiss ... I know that ' just be the substitute will not be enough anymore . she hand he the video from she purse , suddenly she 's a little emotional . claire here , play this for the loudest kid in the world . drew I be not use to girl like you . claire . | ( cover ) ' that 's because I be one of a kind . drew you do not have to make a joke . I like you without the joke . . claire get some sleep . I have a personnel interview tomorrow morning and if | get transfer , Ben will die . they still do not move . almost kissing . all around she , the mood and lighting and wind and .... everything be perfect . : . ° drew well ... let 's let he live . it be that moment ... and neither move any closer . they be poise at the edge of break the personal barrier , neither want to be the first to move forward ... or away . they almost kiss . he look at she lip . theme begin in the form of a intoxicating piano part , everything willing they to give in to the romantic abandon . claire do not it just feel better ? that we do not just -- drew yeah . will 85 claire — do something impulsive . I mean , now we actually have a shot at be friend for the rest of we life ... they chuckle with feign appreciative relief . bill banyon 's voice " the gymnasium just be not go to be big enough ... int . hyatt ballroom ~ next day Drew and Bill banyon stand in the huge hotel ballroom , with a HOTEL manager , 32 . bill banyon .. but this . jott HOTEL manager the augusta ballroom be book this Sunday morning for the hasboro wedding reception . but Mrs. hasbore have indicate that you be a close friend , and he would be willing to move back he . own event for the Memorial of you father . bill banyon great . put it on he credit card . Drew look around the large room . camera travel the expansive , end on Drew 's face . drew ( to himself , a stray think ) what if nobody show up ? . ext , aunt dora 's home - day - noon exterior of the home . we hear samson wail . int . aunt dora 's home - day the foreground outer-room of dora 's home be dark , but we see the '' celebration Committee '' work in the crowded lit-kitchen beyond . the sound of loud kid , lead by samson , can be hear from the unseen live room adjacent to the kitchen . bill banyon okay , so we have get the military band , the seven 86 i . speaker , kinko 's be blow up photo ... the easel I be purchase — gook up ) how be we do with balloon ? ' dale I send to balloon City . I get 'a bunch of '' they . .f charle dean Drew , the casket do come in from lexington - today . it 's quite beautiful . - - Drew nod . there be a pause . bill banyon look , I be get the question constantly . help we with a answer . why be not he bury in elizabethtown ? Drew find they be all stare at he . | drew y ( carefully ) ) it 's not a insult to anybody here . bill banyon ( beat ) be there such a thing as partial - cremation ? aunt dora , who cook nearby , can not stifle a groan . banyon shrug , but Charles Dean look angere at the notion . concurrently in the next room , the noise level -rise . samson be shriek like a banshee . : . : charle dean well , I have hear in California , they divide people into twelve piece and pass ‘em out to family member , but it be not gonma happen here ! drew , ( raise voice over din in next room ) I know you all love my dad . you can not dismiss hollie 's wish . and we be not from California . sy dale ) jessie , can you do something about you son !? . ee ) 87 jessie exit . Dale speak more quietly . dale J think what Charles be say , Drew , be — 's a drew — I know what he 's say . you all have different version of he that you all love a jot . this be ours , . my family 's record of the last thing he say on the subject . that 's the way it 's go to be , guy . '' sprinkle at sea . and that 's the decision from California . . ( beat ) , ( beat ) Oregon . ' shit . they all laugh ... and Drew laugh too . the noise begin to mount again in the adjacent live room . aunt lena bring cookie , coffee and ale - 8 to the table , along with mona , who stare at Drew , as sound escalate . Drew remember he gift from Claire . drew jessie , 1 have something — Drew exit , pull the video out of he backpack . int . aunt dora 's live room - night Drew , adept at figure out electronic gear , punch a few button and load the video Claire give '' he . the kid be still shriek , tired and cry loudly over anything and everything . they ring - leader be , of course , samson . Drew ease into a profile , look samson right in the eye . '' drew _ to hey samson . this be for you . Drew press '' play . '' on the television ' a man of about 36 , clad in denim with red hard -hat , speak with he foot rest on the first step of a large truck . he 's a unglamourous character , windblown and flushed with good hard work . fifty yard behind he be a house . there be something about rusty that command attention in young child . in he eye be the look of purpose . rusty hi. pm rusty . samson immediately fall silent . mayhem have cease . it be as if this man look into the soul of reckless child . os rusty . T build this house behind I twelve year ago . . and today ~— int . aunt dora 's kitchen - night the Planning committee in the next room realize something amazing be go on . dale ' what 's that sound ? aunt lena silence . . on the kitchen doorway the adult move cautiously into view , fascinate . the sound of sudden silence be deafen . int . live room - night ' the kid be mesmerize , freeze in the exact position they occupy when rusty first appear . rusty — I be go to blow it up . the kid gasp . there 's a massive intake of air on samson who watch ... strangely , deeply transifix . on adult in the doorway it 's a miracle . on drew and jessie watch rusty with the kid . 88 on the television - closer - full-frame rusty do not talk down to he young audience . he treat they like fellow warrior . he lean forward and ask a question , he every word operate like a high - pitch frequency only child can truly hear . rusty : now . if ] blow up this house ... will you help I ' build a new house where the old house use to be ? on the kide , who nod vigorously . '' on rusty ' shot move in . rusty _— govith gravity ) if blow this house up , will you promise to behave and mind you mommy and daddy ? on samson who experience a revelation . samson , . yes. , . a around he , kid nod quickly , with deep conviction . samson stare respectfully at rusty and jessie see it . - - on jessie who tum to Drew . jessie ( quietly , a little sad ) what I have give to have he look at I like that . on rusty who reward bis promise to the kid . rusty good . now \et 's blow it up . the kid 's eye widen as they hold they breath . on the adult " who watch from the kitchen , line up in the doorway . on the television monitor rusty with a control switcher link to dynamite . rusty " one ... two ... three ... wt rusty press the switcher . he detonate the old house behind he . ka-boom . smoke and ash fly through the air , replay backwards and forward from four different angle . on the kide as the wonder wash over they face , wave after wave . they swoon with delight . the blue t.v. screen light up they expression . on rusty a rusty . now let 's build a new house . on samson who hook a arm around he father 's leg , and look at jessie happily . like a son look at a father . on drew who see this , move a little , by father and son . he almost ... almost cry . he pat jessie on the back and quickly return to the kitchen . int . kitchen - night Drew enter and uncle Dale look at he with strange new respect . dale thank you for take a interest in jessie . drew he 's a good man . on jessie in outer room watch he son watch the video . there be absolute joy on he son 's face , and jessié be marvel at the sight of it . . bill banyon I can see Mitch right now — so proud — wear that . Blue suit — . aunt dora enter and tum on the bumer of the stove to begin a new cooking venture . she step away to get the perfect pan . bill banyon ... can not you ? on the men in the kitchen . silence descend for a moment as they all come to stare at the flame on the stove , all of they arrive at the same mental image ... on mitch 's photo on the wall of the kitchen . on the flame sputtering on the stove , with violent stab of yellow fleck the blue flame . on drew cot who know what must be do . he check he watch . on rental car keys he snatch they up . ext . kentucky turnpike - night Drew 's car fly through the kentucky night . '' int . drew 's rental car - night Drew on cell . check he watch . it read : 10:30 pm. drew . yes , my ' name be Drew baylor , and I be call '' oe ' to stop a cremation ... on address - ripped out of phone book in hand . it read : hadiey funeral and crematory , 24 hour emergency service , 2332 St. regis St. int . drew's rental car - night - minute later . Drew on the cell again . drew . .. it 's Drew baylor , be anybody there ? I be call again , about ... int . drew 's rental car ~ night Road construction have halt traffic . Drew power down the window and speak to a Foreman . drew ... [ have to stop a cremation in loua - vull ! his pronunciation be perfect . the Foreman consider this request , wave he through . ext . kentucky highway ~- night , '' Drew 's car rip down the highway to louisville . ext . STREET - night Drew screech down a road mark St. regis Ave . ext . louisville crematory ~ night - wide shot the same beautiful grounds from the day before , now moody and empty and dark . Drew bang on the door . drew stop the cremation !!! '' the door open suddenly as the Young Worker stand ready to help . int . empty front office / crematory — night . a the Young Worker move quickly into the back room , motion for Drew to wait just a moment . Drew stand in the darken crematory office wait . he look at a answer machine at a ' unmanned darken desk , blink with he unheard message . one flourescent light be on at the back . the Young Worker return with a apologetic shrug , too late , hold ... the purple urn now much heavier , as he hand it over to Drew wordlessly . Drew hold the purple um in he hand . music. , : ext . crematory parking lot -— night ~~ + Drew put the purple um in the trunk , and close it . he take a few step . it do not feel right . he retum and pop the trunk open again . int , drew 's rental car ~ night Drew dutifully strap the um into the passenger seat . somehow the um look oddly comfortable now , riding alongside Drew . ext . hyatt parking lot - night back at the hotel . Drew now exit he car after another long day , adjust he backpack , hand in pocket . he walk a few step and then stop . he feel . guilty again , as he jook back at the car . int . drew 's rental car - night : t Drew unbuckle the passenger safety - belt , and remove the purple ur. *- int . hyatt HOTEL - night a peaceful melancholy slip over the lobby as Drew walk with the purple un under he arm like a bongo . Front desk girl Charlotte type and look up . she see the urn , and know . he tip the urn to ber . he turn to see ... Claire in evening dress , linger on outskirt of Chuck and Cindy 's wedding group , look gorgeous and hold a bright pink cosmopolitan . he collapse into the big leather seat near she . Claire fall into the seat next to he . silently they watch the Chuck and Cindy traffic . she 's have a few drink with a few new friend from the wedding party , who wave goodnight to she . Drew consider put the um on the floor . instead , he put it on the table between they . oe 94 claire ( off urn ) be that ? a Drew nod . claire hey Mitch . can I get you something - you '' look a little bit thirsty — drew '' he 's fine ~ uo ( beat ) so what happen to Ben ? she make a noise . claire ( all too familiar ) there be a storm in Georgia , they ground all the plane , and he do not like to fly and they want he to speak at a trustees event and trot out some Big idea . drew well , you look great . claire oh , I be a mess . ' . drew you be crazy , Claire , you look amazing . . and this dress - oe claire ( wave away compliment ) do well on the personnel interview , though . drew right — the interview — | forget ~ claire ( grandly self - deprecate ) I know . I be impossible to forget , but I be hard to remember . uw ) : 95 drew you put yourself down too much . 7 claire do not fall ' for it . I actually believe in myself quite a bit . drew hey — let 's show Mitch the site of he Memorial . int . augusta ballroom lobby - night : balance she glass , Claire join Drew in swinging open the heavy door to the empty hotel ballroom mark : hasboro wedding rehearsal . the remain of a earlier function be obvious in the haphazard array of chair , a cabinet and catering remnant . Claire drain she drink , and head for the podium . she click on the microphone , and grip both side of the stand like a presidential candidate . her voice be very loud , and she address the empty ballroom . : claire . J welcome to the annual meetin of people who ... annually meet . she be a bit drunk . Drew laugh politely and applaud . drew ( set urn down ) very nice . come on — claire and we'll see you all again next year ! she laugh . he take she arm — it 's physical contact , and for a moment she find herself in he arm , face away . this be how they body feel together . they have inadvertently break a barrier , and both know it . she push away . claire I be just go to say — right now — what we be not say . and let the chip fall , let the chip fall , let the chip fall ... where they may ... yes ¥'m drunk , and .. ( slightly confusing herself ) ) I may be embasrass myself , but I be just go to say it ... ae / '' she wrench free , and retum to the podium , back on the microphone , press she mouth way ° , 96 too close and it amplify . oon claire I ... llllike you . . Drew nod and have to laugh 's ' claire {off he look ) what ? drew T think you should eat something . claire I have be starve myself all week jong -- drew for Ben ? claire — and J be gonna eat . drew we will eat in my room — claire ( perk up ) room service ! I want cheese ... and cheese- related thing ... no ... egg and fries ! with cheese on everything . drew cheese it be . and do not worry , as great as you look tonight — you be safe with I . claire , of course it 's safe ! it 's a full moon . you be here . I look good . I be wear this clothes . have you ever have unlucky clothes ?? this dress that you like — good thing have not happen to I in this dress . but I see it tonight , and I say , '' I be go to give you one more chance . '' and I refuse to be let down by this dress again . anyway , forget all that ! you be bere , and we be together . it 's a get-out -of - jail - free card . it 's almost midnight . life can not be so cruel that we do not deserve to be together . . ( cover she track ) . to to eat . he lead she to the door . '' '' int . HOTEL hallway ~ day they walk to the room . we see they at the far end of the Chuck and Cindy -festoon hallway . . claire wait . where 's Mitch ? Drew stop . drew shit , ueft he in the ballroom . they run back down the hallway , towards we , at full - speed . ° : int . ballroom - night the purple um be the only bit of color in the huge ballroom . drew whew . she book she arm around he ' and walk he back to the um. drew I be sorry Ben miss the flight . . they arrive at the um. Claire look at Drew , pregnant with something she need to say . Drew see she discomfort , and fill in the blank . drew he forget . she look at he , as he touch she arm with real compassion . she do not answer . . drew no storm in Georgia ? ns she say nothing . his compassion increase . drew no trustees ? claire ro no. drew no Big idea ? she shake she head , no . drew what a fuckin’ jerk ! claire he kiss she . he 's not a jerk . he 's a brilliant man who give himself permission to be pre-occupy . drew come on ! you know , I will tell you , there be nothing great than decide in you life that thing maybe really be black and white . and this guy '' Ben '' who clearly take you for grant , who serially take advantage of you ... be bad . and what I be say be good . see what 1 mean ? Black and white . you should not be a substitute for anybody ! this guy should be right here , right now , do this , claire ( flushed ) maybe so . drew he 's lucky I be not the right person for you . he kiss she lightly , again . é claire I know why it 's not you , but just tell I so I know from you perspective . 99 drew see , I know what you deserve . claire ( private long ) what do { deserve ? Drew look at she , move behind she as she face camera . ( he be unseen by she . ) drew you deserve ... lose for the word himseif , he pick up a piece of paper from the hasboro wedding rehearsal table . . . drew . you deserve a guy who say ... '' I can not imagine a world without you ... '' on her back from he point-of-view . she shudder . drew '' we will start a winery when we be 70 . '' on her back she consider it . she like the direction . drew ' '' we will snowboard every December and one ~ . day take we kid ... '' on claire with he in the background . she thrill to this word . drew '' and we will always have the twin red Lexus 's with the license plate read : Chuck ... and Cindy . '' she turn , know the word be not he . i ) 100 drew you deserve all this and more . she laugh , bittersweet . it 's not you , 1 know . ree they kiss again . her skin have it 's own quietly addictive quality . he find he have to kiss she again , a little woozy with the pleasure of it all , and then pull away rehictantly . drew please do not take this as rejection . claire > T really do not . : he find she mouth , and there be no way back . they sink to the ground , as he place the umn recklessly on a table . and this be what it 's like to really kiss she . after a interval , they pull away . they sit there on the floor , dishevel . Claire look up at the umn on the table . Claire be a little light-heade . clearly , it be a great kiss . they be on the floor . . they regard each other , and the sudden difference between they . there be silence for a moment . ° drew Ben 's very lucky . all we do be kiss . . beat . thoughtful moment pass . : . ah claire most of the sex I have have in my life be not as personal as that kiss . : int , drew 's HOTEL room ~ early morning Claire crawl on hand and knee to retrieve a shoe from under the bed . she find it , and rise up to sit on the edge of the bed . she admire Drew , the sleep lump face the wall in a red t-shirt . claire ( quiet , testing volume ) put on my shoe now .. she purposely bounce on the edge of he bed , check over she shoulder for sign of life . ) on television a Saturday mome Travel Network special about skindive in Australia . animpossibly it . ° " blonde surfer girl talk about diving . Claire turn it off . claire mo , ( hopeful of waking he up ) : hey ! absence of noise ! oe he do not budge . then stir a little . she '' accidentally '' knock herself against the side of the bed . claire oops ! Excuse I . sorry . now she loudly drop she bag . it fall , noisy with key . he do not budge . she pick it .up claire ( quietly , musical ) ... walk out door ... silence . she continue give he extra chance . claire _.. in last night 's clothes ... silence . she move to the door . no reaction . Music begin , as she see the remnant of last night 's room service ( egg and fries ) . claire hey Claire ! stay ! do not leave . let 's have breakfast ! } 5 , he do not move . she 's perform for a audience of.one — herself . she take a moment , asd look at he . it feel like a goodbye . she sure do like he . she mime take a '' snapshot . '' she bend down to he sleep form for one last goodbye . claire ( quietly ) I will miss you lip and everything attach to they . she tum and walk to the door , bend into profile to bid goodbye to the purple um . claire . see ya , Mitch . 1 '' 102 she open the top of the urn and look inside for 4 moment . claire now we have both see each other naked . : - a ? she replace the top , and camera linger .on the um . we hear the sound of a door shutting . ext . hyatt HOTEL lobby - morning Elevator door open , and the lobby be alive with activity . a huge line at the front desk , the most crowded we have see it . Claire attempt grace in last night 's clothes . she turn the comer and see all the same Chuck and Cindy people from the night before . : voice : hey Claire ! . she dart the other way to avoid they . int . drew 's HOTEL room window ~— morning the back of Drew 's head be in frame briefly , as the shot be angle down on the parking lot . we see the small figure of Claire move diagonally across the asphalt line with tree . we hear a door shut . after a beat , a srnall figure in a red t-shirt sprint across the parking lot to she . drew hey ! wet ext . parking lot - morning be Claire turn , ‘overjoyed to hear Drew 's voice . claire - aw , just tell I you love I and get it over with . = Drew look at she , take a breath and speak he truth . behind he , a flower truck pull up and begin unload ornate floral arrangement . drew ( in a rush ) Claire . four day ago ... I lose a major american shoe company ... well you could round it off to one billion dollar . and by tomorrow afternoon , the whole world , everyone will know . something be go to be publish that pinpoint I _ as the most spectacular failure in the history of my profession , 103 which be all | know . and I be here try to be responsible , and charming , and live up to something I be not , and all I really want be to ... not be here , do you understand ? '' she nod . it 's all come out , with no filter . drew : what you be see be not I — actually , almost everything '' that have happen between we be not really who I be at all . jt 's a incredible simulation , but it 's not I . the real I be ajoke . so you know ... feel free to laugh , but that be the hell hound on my particular trail . a - she be still by the news . in the background , a food truck now arrive , and begin unload catering table . . wy claire a billion dollar , buh ? drew ( gravely ) . rounded off — yes . claire . ; be it you money ? . . drew no. 7 she explode in relief . claire ° ° then what be you worried about ?! he 's puzzle at she frivolity . immediately : drew a because it 's my fault ! it be my design ! claire ( a little angry ) it 's not you fault ! none of it be you fault ! some of it be you fault ... ly ' she laugh . he turn frosty . | drew . well be happy to entertain you ~ ( off she look ) what ? ' claire I be sorry , I guess I think a small part of you might be a small bit sad to see I go . but I guess this be all mostly about a shoe . . drew 7 of course I be sad about you . ' she 's instantly serious . this be who she be : claire some company who take a gamble on you because it 's they business to gamble ... and it 's also they business to use you as a scapegoat . come on . you be a artist , man . you job be to break through barrier , not accept blame and bow and say '' thank you , I will go away now . '' come on . of course he 's go to screw you over if he cant : he 's a phil ! Drew look a little stunne at the quality of she advice . claire you be welcome . now quit try to break up with I . drew Claire — claire ( a little angry ) you be always try to break up with I , and we be not even together ! he 's suddenly relieved . and then disappointed . drew we be not ? www claire we be the substitute people , remember ? : behind he , a large netting of white balloon be carry in . Claire smile politely , almost professionally , and get inher car . he stand there , watch she leave , maybe forever , in she unlucky dress . ( theme begin indicate this as a '' last jook . '' ) to claire ' I will see you at the Memorial if 1 can make it . drew - . how do it work that somehow J disappoint you , but the guy who do not show up at all be a genius who 's allow to be pre-occupy ? —- Claire shut the door , still professional . she wave sweetly . drew ( throw -away , to himselfy it 's like he do not even exist . ; then it hit he . no , it could not be . he watch she car disappear . he 's engulf with a grow doubt . do Ben even exist ? int . man ‘o war airport - later day Drew wait in the lexington airport . hollie step off the plane with heroic majesty . she have come to face the ceremony , here in the heart of she lose husband 's homeland . behind she , look relaxed and very stone on prescription medication , be Heather . hollie , however , possess some strange new confidence and power . she hug she son and daughter , all of they together bere in the airport . she pull away and announce : hollie darling . I have find that I be funny . Drew share a look with Heather , who quietly shake ber head . he hug they both , as hollie '' take in this new surroundings . the smell of disaster be in the air . . fade out : we ) 106 ' fade up : int . HOTEL ballroom - late afternoon Drew pull the curtain aside , just a little , and we be allow a surreptitious look at the arrive crowd . it 's a huge turn -out . crowd member , many dress formally , have arrive early and be already fill the ballroom . he 's smile at the charm and ritual that so define this town . series of shot 1 ) the military Band play at the side of the ballroom near the stage . 2 ) guest look at large poster .of Mitchell baylor display around the lobby on easel . 3 ) guest look at the program booklet . of 4 ) samson be dress in a little man 's suit , which he 's pull and tug at uncomfortably , as he watch jessie set up he drum with other band member ( behind the curtain ) . samson climb on the drum kit and play .a little . : 5 ) a slide projector click image on a screen in front of the curtain . balloon and flower be everywhere in this large , beautifully - outfit ballroom . Al ! the best of intention be in play . and the gather crowd feel it . something great could happen tonight . €) on the proud banner across the top of the stage : '' tf it wasn't this ... it7d be something else '' mb . hollie and Heather join Drew , look out from the behind the curtain , watch silently . int . side of stage ~ day jessie baylor stand with a electrician , 21 , look at a pulley . jessie okay , so when I give you the signal — ( demonstrate with drumstick ) ~ pull the pulley slowly across . electrician ' will do . jessie it 's all plan out with the song . int . MAIN ballroom area - night Drew take Mom and Heather to the seat . there be a reserve seating red rope across the seat in the front . nervous , yet exquisitely poise , hollie nod hello to the unfamiliar face in the , surround family section and beyond . she know all eye be on she . hollie sit down and look up at a photo of Mitch and herself , slide - project on the back curtain / screen . on hollie '' in profile , stare up at she former life , blow up to screen-size . Heather look around , glaze , it 's all fantasia to she . heather somewhere dad be freaking out . on drew who look around for Claire . she 's not here . int . ballroom / memorial stage - night we meet a series of speaker who express they feeling of leve and regret . they comment aff form a single monologue of what a sudden death stir up in survive love one . ( note : each face offer a look of realistic character , of people inexperienced at the podium , unaccustom to such display of emotion . ) 1 ) childhood friend sharon , ssish . sharon Mitch write letter ... 2 ) uncle Dale at the podium . uncle dale _. he be always there for I but be I there for he ... 3 ) des , 55 , black , be Mitch 's classmate from West Point . des ... he would show we picture of he granddaughter . 4 ) raymond , dignify in bow-tie , give he testimonial . raymond . ... and he be so proud of Heather and he son and he success with the spa ... the spoo ... you know , that shoe ... because in all of he project after the military — except he family ... something always go off the rail ... 5 ) connie , he high -school girlfriend , the one with all the memorsbilia . connie ... and I tove he ... 6 ) aunt dora at the podium . aunt dora ... even though he move to California , he come back every year ... 1 ) soe be 57 . joe ... and it be not easy for he to leave the military and start over in California and ... 8 ) Bill banyon at the podium . with wrenching difficulty : bill banyon ... and I apologize , per se , for my role in that deal , per se ... 9 ) Drew at the podium . drew .. and I never could understand that father who do not say '' I love you . '' because he say it ail the time . so I have nothing to complain about except that he 's go . ( beat ) and to all of you who put this evening together , it have go beautifully , and thank you . ( beat ) lady and gentlemen , hollie baylor . 108 ~ '' '' 109 int . ballroom podium - night ~ minute later hollie rise and begin walk to the stage . in every public event , a crowd crave some kind of drama this be drama , she walk resolutely , from she front row seat to the podium . hollie take the stage in a dark pant-suit with flare bottorh . she stand at the microphone , just the spotlight , silver sun in she face . , there be silence save for the light but pervasive sound of snifflng . hundred of unseen face now judge hern the darkness . she take a breath . '' the spotlight feel hot , and it cross she line of vision . she 's blind for a short time . there be a single judgmental - sounding cough in the dark . hollie tma little nervous , but here we be . silence . . hollie : thanks for come , and thank you for invite I . I be glad J get on that plane . it 's be a while . ( beat ) he talk so much about all of you , and late at night I would often hear the type of one of he long detailed letter , answer a simple question in 30 single - space page . always on Saturday , that be he day to type letter . Saturday be the day he devote to you . and how right that today be a Saturday . shot of knowing look on a on-looker face . hollie and there be the shorthand of a long marriage . ' we be complete opposite — and it work . hollie withdraw the microphone from the podium stand and begin to walk . ( she be the first to use any part of the stage , and the first to realize the microphone be cordless all along . ) and in that moment , she come to life , speak from she heart . even the tone of she voice sound different , less guard , more free . hollie there be three island of security in this world . Health , love and work . 1 lose they all in a single phone call . 1 be a widow . J shot of bill banyon watch . where be this go ? shot of heather stone , stare . on hollie get she foot on this stage , as thought begin to come out of she , san editing . ° hollie the plan be to send my son here to represent we . I be terrify that you would look at I and see — the woman from California ... ( silent beat ) the one who take he . and though we only live . there as a family for eighteen month twenty - seven year ago ... I have always feel it . I be the one . he be you boy , mitchie , on he way home from the war . and somehow I hijacked he , and take he to ... to disneyland ! a little bit of force laughter on dale listen . on drew listen . hollie he do not come home . do not start the business with Dale ... hollie Left the military later to be a father to Drew ... hollie do not marry the person everybody think be would ... '' on we connie who watch hollie with curiosity and no small jealousy . . hollie and we bever talk about any of it , we just build layer on top of layer and we argue about the layer . layer of bullshit . on drew shaking he head — no — try to catch hollie 's attention . on hollie ' : who do not see it . hollie all because I be stand in a elevator in Tokyo , and a handsome Captain walk in , on the way back . to elizabethtown , and ... he be engage and I be '' engage too ! and ... something happen between ( ee we , that be not ( God forbid ) '' part of the plan . '' a rampant silence have fill the room . hollie but we be in love . . ( beat , fast ) and J know the rap on I . I be a humorless liberat Catholic and I never take the time to know all of you , and for that I be sorry . and criticize somebody 's cooking on my last visit here , but as rl tell you in a moment , I be now a struggle cook myself , 1 know how hard it be , please forgive I , and I say that as a humorless liberal Catholic who be apparently ... still humorless . on the face of drew and heather horrify that she be actually try to make joke . somewhere , another cough . 's ch on hollie she be only start to warm to the occasion . she 's find she voice now , confide in the audience . hollie let I tell you about life without Mitch . on face watch . hollie I try to learn about Mitch 's car . it actually eat I . I go to the bank . the teller look at I strangely , and when I get home I look in the mirror . my face be still green from a facial mask I forget to take off . J call the insurance man of thirty year , whose son Mitch help get into West Point , to tell he Mitch be go . he do not call I back for two day . ( beat ) the car . the bank . the insurance man . the world . nobody truly care . not like we . hollie pause , almost lose she way , then regains she foot . hollie and then there be daylight . her Pov as the spotlight cross she vision . hollie | know what the answer be . the answer be joy . that 's what Mitch want . on heather watch , stone . hollie 1 always want to leam to tap-dance . so I take lesson . and ] want to cook , organically , so 1 attempt that . and I fix the toilet . all by myself . ( irritate screed ) how be we able to put a man on the moon and toilet be still as bad as when I be a kid ... the suction ball that keep flap ! that damn suction hall !! well , I learn to fix it . +e there be genuine laughter , and it surprise she . hollie and I want to learn to laugh . why be not I this funny when he be alive !? best J can figure ... : ( beat ) ' it take time to be funny . it take time to extract joy from life . , shot of someone who nod in quiet agreement . hollie so I enrol in Comedy School . Big laugh . hollie roll with it , laugh a little herself at the irony . shot of stern -looking man : who still be not buy it , though all around he be laughter . hollie I be the oldest one in the class . and I be tell to tell one story , a true story , about real life , something that happen to I . so I get up there , and talk a little bit about my husband and the love he leave behind . a few day after Mitch die , the next - door neighbor , one of Mitch 's good friend , Bob , see that I be go through the gate and he say , '' I be so sorry for you loss . '' and I know he need to feel that loss , and share it . and I want to help he . he put he arm around I , cradle I , and he embrace tightened . finally , bere be someone who truly care . and who you be in time of crisis be who you really be . ( perfect beat ) then I feel something else . 113 she let the moment hang , as slow know spread through the crowd . hollie a huge ... well , let 's just say it ... a boner . huge laugh . ' hollie that 's what I get for try to do everything . moyself . ' on heather who tum to Drew , with eye wide . what be happen ? ' hollie boner Bob . my neighbor . laugh double . hollie people handle grief in different way ! laugh quadruple . she laugh herself . this be big , big laugh . on drew watch , stunne , in disbelief . hollie Mitch believe in people . some let he down . shot of bill banyon watch , hurt . hollie William banyon . you know what you do . and { know what you do . and I be a inch ... { it 's not easy ) ... of two inch away from forgive you . be '' s_ shot of group of people watch . feeling she word . , hollie but some did't let he down . sometimes that thirty page letter help he friend get rich , or give advice or just make ‘em happy . he roote for all of you . and he love he family , my patient daughter and my busy son . and he be not bitter . he be more playful then maybe some of you know — on drew listen to this word which strike home . to hollie but here 's some advice I can give to you ~ she gesture around the beautiful ballroom . smet hollie give all this gift to the live . do it now . be embarrassing . do not wait for the perfect time . Mitch be go , and boner Bob life on . that 's life . she shake she head , laugh to herself . deep , know laugh surround she . hollie I may need you help . I have not be single since jwas 18 . and that be ... that be a couple year ago . Big forgive laugh . hollie one last Mitch story . we be walk one night and | ask he - '' what should I do if , God forbid , something happen and you go before ido . how do you want to be bury ? '' and he look at I and smile and say — ( beat ) J '' surprise I . '' 116 appreciative laughter , and some applause . hollie this would have surprised he . she address the slide- portrait ‘of Mitch above the podium . hollie and I be go to surprise you , too . I love you . she give she signal for the music . ' hollie : this be for you . you favorite song . ona Saturday night . ' it 's Henry mancini 's '' Moon River '' instrumental ... and hollie begin to tap -dance . slowly , with basic move . light reduce to a single spotlight and it be she moment of absolute grace . hollie reach a wobbly crescendo to huge applause . the strange sad freedom of she movement be fearless , and funny , and quite beautiful . finally , finally , they understand hollie , the woman Mitch marry . the sound of a stand ovation ring over onto ... '' int . ballroom lobby - night Drew stand alone , take a breather from the event . he hear a small commotion , and tum to see ... Claire arrive , cress swish as she move quickly . he be genuinely surprised and bappy to see she . they be alone in the lobby . claire oh my God — nobody show . drew everybody show . Claire draw closer . she look great , but seem a touch distant . both search each other face for clue to where they stand . claire well , you know ... J have this thing for you . for a moment , all he press business , even the plan be shattered . his heart privately race . and then he realize the '' thing '' for he be actually a thing for he . Claire pull a brown wooden box from she unwieldy look shoulder bag . claire it 's a very unique map . it 's for you road trip home . drew ( a touch disappointed ) right ~ a map — claire ( study he face ) you promise , remember . drew no , I do . I remember . both continue study every detail in the other , both curious and audition grander plan . int . ballroom - night — same time the curtain part . jessie baylor and he band begin the epic , mournful introduction to lyryrd skynyrd 's '' freebird . on a large white bird make of paper and plaster , wait behind the curtain in the wing . it 's very close to a spotlight , and that be not good proximity jessie if ] leave here tomorrow ... on the large white bird which be start to catch fire . unseen by the audience . int . ballroom - night - same time Claire and Drew together in the empty ballroom lobby . she hear the music inside . claire '' freebird , '' huh ? drew ( still can not believe it ) it 's actually go well . on some level , I think this be all part of Mitch 's joke ... she laugh a little . 118 claire well — I better get back to — , drew , Ben ? claire he finally make it . drew ( bittersweet , off box ) well , thanks for the ice cream cone . claire , it 's not a ice cream cone ! ' drew no , I know ... I be just ... make a joke . apparently | come from a family of comedian . claire call I pollyanna , but it 's all good ... and I do not even say '' it 's all good '' either . drew do Ben even exist ? claire just call I when you get home , and not until . I want you to get into the deep , beautiful melancholy of everything that 's happen . speak of which ... I have to see what this look like ... she gesture to the ballroom , and they be draw to a open doorway to watch ... int . ballroom - night jessie perform soulfully . ~~ jessie '' Cause I be as free as a bird now - and this bird you can not change ... cy ) «119 jessie make a subtle- motion with he drumstick , to the electrician off-stage . on large white bird which be start to smoke and catch fire . ( and not intentionally . ) the bird now descend ona pulley , on fire . the pulley can not hold the weight of the bird . on the audience . gasp as they see the bird be on fire , break free of the pulley , as if it can not be contain . on the bird ' which gain flight over the audience as it explode into flame . on the audience scream and scatter as the flame bird sail above they head , head for a landing in the crowd , on drew and claire watch as mayhem break loose . everyone head for the exit . on the sprinkler bird along the ceiling of the ballroom , which surge to life with survival -rain . on fiery banner above stage ( '' if it be not this , it would be something else . '' ) fall to earth like the hindenberg , break apart . the only word that have not be burn away be : '' something else . '' wide -shot Water cascade over the well - dress crowd stream for the exit in pandemonium . medium -close on jessie who keep play through the mayhem . he will not give up the stage , and keep play 120 '' freebird , '' heroically , through the chaos . fiery bit of banner and water cascade through frame . on drew and claire ° catch in the mayhem . people racing for air , and escape the certain inferno . we be now in full fiasco mode , a place where absurdity and danger reign supreme . '' shot of guest scramble for the exit . rarely have a memorial make people strive so vividly to embrace life on connie grab a high -school poster photo from a easel , slip it under she arm and save it froni damage . ' on drew help a glaze Heather to a exit door . a woman dress in finery pass in haste . she 's drip wet , and somewhat anxious to get out of the place ... but she cling to what 's real to she , gocd manners . she grab Drew 's arm and look into he eye before exite quickly : woman in finery thank you for a lovely time . Drew be separate from Claire . his voice - over return — thoughtful and personal and informative . drew's voice as a specialist in the field of last look , this one be pretty iconically Claire . . on claire - es this be he last look at she . she look over to Drew , say goodbye with she eye , as she go to work proficiently direct frighten human traffic through the door of the ballroom . this be she great instinct , in full - bloom , aid stranger in crisis . it already look like a memory . on chuck hasboro haul ass toward Drew , with Cindy a few step behind . they be both hysterically angry , as they teach Drew . chuck I trust you ! ~ & 121 ' he shove Drew violently , snap he out of the reverie , interrupt the voice - over , and then hit he , knock he into a row of easel feature photo of he father . a fight break out between they , as guest flee . it 's a melee within a melee . cindy you ruin we wedding ! dude , I hope you have insurance ! all be separate by the sprinkler - drench human traffic . as theme music continue : . dissolve to : int . HOTEL lobby - morning . ' Drew stand at the front desk look guilty . he already know what 's come . Front desk girt Charlotte examine the room cost on the computer screen - as she hum along on she keyboard . in the background , the Chuck and Cindy wedding party have transfer outdoors for what appear to be a beautiful day . she never stop type . . charlotte you bill be $ 53,212 , which be -~ ( nervous throat clear ) ~ beyond you credit limit , and ... ( pause ) just go . go. leave now . get out of here . she motion to the door with she eye . he exit furtively with bag and the um under he arm . ext . cemetery / the family plot - later morning the elizabethtown cemetary . a absolutely beautiful day , the brightest day of the year . only the faithful few be here at the baylor funeral . Charles Dean speak with the portable stereo-system . ' what be once just a smali grassy space be festoon with flower and color . jessie baylor wear sunglass , white shirt , a tie , and a jong leather jacket . samson , wear a helmet , stand near Drew . stare mona stare at Drew . aunt dora and aunt lena stand near , uncle Roy and uncle Dale . Heather and hollie stand near Bill banyon . hollie look at banyon . they have all share a crisis together . everybody be in sunglass and jacket . it be a long night . under a tent -awn , the open-casket rest with a flag , soaking in the last few moment of its life above ground . nearby be the purple urn . Drew look down at the casket . on the casket it be empty save for some clipping ... several medal ... and , rest proudly on the perfect indigo lining of a fine old casket from louisville be the Blue suit . Drew watch as Charles Dean swing , 122 ngage - to mechanically lower the coffin lower ... lower ... and then ... it the casket door downward and clamp it shut . steel wheel e 1 casket into the ground . the gear engage and turn , and the catch . it be stick . on face of the tire faithful few . : frozen , expectant , exhaust . ° ' on drew who watch knowingly . it 's funeral - interruptus , all over again . of course this would not be easy , to the very end . : on the gear which rumble back to life . ' drew he 's grow oddly attach to that coffin ... and the detail of the man who be almost inside of it . Drew be possess with a strange feel — he can not bear for it to end , and he can not bear for it to continue . : on the casket which land on the bottom of the grave with a thud . shovel of dirt cover the coffin , on the faithful few still linger behind . uncle Dale present Drew with a final gift , a valuable military sword that once belong to Mitch . Dale unsheathes the mighty weapon to display it 's gleam blade . Drew stare at it , ignite he with a glint of purpose . drew 's voice T begin to think about what would be hit the newsttand in just a few hour . drew {appreciatively ) thank you . 1 know just where to put this . 7 123 — _ . nox jessie hug Drew with great appreciation . he have bless jessie with attention , and it have make he noble . hollie hook a arm around she son privately : hollie cheer up . it 's only a funeral . Drew and Heather regard they mother , who be clearly nurture a new beginning . and it 's pretty funny . ' on banyon back at the grave , cry like a baby . on drew who struggle with a case of ale - 8 as he get in the car . he take a last look . on samson and Drew 's gaze go to the boy 's shoe . he 's wear spasmoticas . ..« int . drew 's rental car - day Drew strap in the um . he 's assemble what he will need for the drive . a ale - 8 , and Claire 's wooden box . he open it . asa '' map , '' it 's a meticulous project make by a seasoned traveler , fill with page of write and illustration on easily - hold notecard , with color- code post -it and map attachment , along with detailed footnote . drew 's voice the route of Claire 's map — with accompany music — would take 42 hour and 11 minute . with utmost gravity , he load CD # 1 . drew ( read she direction ) '' tum on ignition ... '' . he do so , look back one last time . as car criss -cross , exite , only stare mona be leave on the gravesite , with a small wave , with a slight gentle smile . ~ e . - ext . highway - day , we be alongside Drew , consulting she direction . drew '' begin you journey and do not skip ahead . '' the bicycle kid lead the car , escort Drew out of town . on passing house Drew 's last look at elizabethtown . drew 's voice she have laid out the entire road -trip , and time it to music she herself have put on CD 's ... on the bicycle kid who watch Drew get on highway 12 and leave town . drew ( read she direction ) '' Press play . '' he do so , as we hear rouse music . ext . highway - day the car speed forward . int . drew 's rental car - day he face forward with steadfast determination . drew 's voice on the song , of course , be classic mix - tape song ... about she , of course ... ( bemuse ) _.. and the rich flurry of we almost-romance ... on passing exit sign - 60 B 128 ' Drew regards he old friend , the troublesome exit , as it slip into he past . he look at the mess of information , the clipped page of instruction and the color-code post-it . ; drew _ ( glumly , guy - to - guy , to ura ) forty -two . hour of chick music . drew 's voice tt be Sunday afternoon . ext . newsstand ~ day Drew move across the newsstand until he find the new issue of modern Business Journal . drew 's voice and she have even provide music for what would happen next . down to the minute ... on modern business journal magazine the new issue be on the stand . another magazine have be carelessly place on top of it . Drew ) painfully pull aside the cover magazine . the modern Business Journal cover feature only a funereal black -rimm portrait of the spasmotica , and this electric word : flasco ! drew '' you have five minute to wallow in the delicious misery . enjoy it .. embrace it .. discard it ... '' on back of drew 's rental car move out , leave we camera behind . - drew _* '' ... and proceed . '' the map in he hand . drew ( read she word ) '' here be a river teading to the Mississippi . '' > . i 26 ' n= - shot swivel to see the beautifill river . ext . bridge above MISSISSIPPI - day Drew drop a pinch of ash from a overpass , down into legendary water . drew 's voice ' the map be full of strange side - trip too . '' this be America , '' she write , '' and if everybody get a . vote where they Mitch get bury , here be a few . where my Mitch get bury ... or scattered . this be treasure that J will share only with you ... on a dinosaur park in Carolina . Drew stand in the midst of this hand - make statue . drew 's voice '' a dinosaur park build over thirty year by a wt Christian sculptor who grapple with the story of creation , and yet still build dinosaur ... on a ornate dinosaur full of ery detail . drew 's voice '' though in a strict scripture sense ... dinosaur do not exist ... this be he dilemma ... that be the hell - hound on he particular trail ... '' on jesus statue who welcome all to the dinosaur Park with arm outstretch . drew ' what the hell . he like dinosaur . Drew release several more pinch of ash . '' N int . restaurant - day he we sit with Drew in a restaurant , silent , face out the window . drew 's voice '' pause for thirty minute for the great chili in the world . '' we ( pause ) and in Memphis ... we hear Claire 's next musical selection , which offer soulful counterpoint to ... shot of memphis on lorraine motel drew 's voice '. ( read she word ) '' ... the lorraine Motel , the hotel balcony where Martin luther King draw he last breath ... '' ~~ Drew scoops out more of the ash from the purple um. ( it 's still rather full . ) € ext . hillside - day Drew burn across the highway , head West . drew 's voice '' _. and , in a sentimental mood , you can not leave out the survivor Tree in Oklahoma City ... still stand after that blast . '' on the survivor tree , the single tree be now 8 monument at the Oklahoma City bomb memorial . Drew scoops out another handful of ash . and another handful . ( the um be stil / very full . ) the map instrumental reprise of Claire 's theme . int . drew 's rental car - late night Drew at the wheel . driving , listen to another of she song . somehow on he late night , at this '' exact moment , the visual and the audio blend ... and it sound perfect . how do she knaw ? 128 drew's voice but she would not break I down . int . drew 's rental car - late night Drew bring a coffee cup to he mouth , and when it reach he mouth ... '' ie int . drew 's rental car —- early morning . Drew drive , sip . it 's early morning . Claire 's geographically correct selection — Glen Campbell 's '' witchita lineman . '' '' drew's voice - : - like a dime - store kaleidoscope , everything be twist into sharp focus . on passing sign read : witchita , Kansas , in the background , the roll Kansas landscape . drew 's voice nee 's they say near the end , a killer can think of nothing else but the act of kill . 1 stalk my prey and keep he close , and back home , I would make my move . int . drew 's rental car ~ drive —- early morning he lock at the um , riding alongside . drew ( plain truth , to um ) you with you many almost great project , and I with my ... fiasco . shot of urn closer . drew both of we work so hard ... for what ? 129 ' shot of urn : bounce agreeably . . drew we should have take this trip year ago ! . : ' ( beat , like a son ) . ' do you have any money ? I be scared to use my . credit card ~ ext . gas station - day Drew 's road -dust car pull into a Kansas gas station . int . drew 's rental car - day . Drew look in he backpack and find he father 's Brown wallet . there be $ 120 inside . he take . sixty buck . drew thanks dad . he take a breath , and actually finally consider cry . he decide against it . int . seven -eleven - day a Drew pay for gas . feeling bad about spend he father 's last money , he turn to see two awkward - look boy , about 12 , stand at the counter with omate slurpee . Drew 's eye travel down . both wear spasmotica shoe . Drew look concerned . be ita mirage ? '' wide - shot the car continue against the sky , with music . Drew continue , road -weary and suspicious . drew 's voice in a mall in Kansas , the strangely similar sight be tepeated . int . mall - afternoon ' Drew notice another pair of spasmotica shoe walk the other way . Music continue . drew 's voice the spasmotica have begin to appear like taunting demon ... wherever I go . . " " 130 's k " he sit , watch , puzzle . shot of shoe group of foot , and the increasingly plentiful sight of spasmoticas . Drew 's cell - phone ring . drew , . helio ? intercut : int . taiwan office MERCURY shoe - night . David Tan , Drew 's taiwanese counterpart , be on the phone . ( we see the top of he head . ) david tan Drew , it 's David Tan ... listen to I ... my heart be beat so fast ... 79 % of the recall be reject by 92 % of the outlet store in 72 % of the global ... forget it , forget it ... twas re-instate this morm ! Drew sit listen to he manic and happy taiwanese counterpoint . david tan it 's a revolution , man ! drew 's voice ( very serious , disbely ) the spasmotica be find love . Love in the heart of people ... okay , mostly young kid .... who apparently find my billion dollar , girlfriend destroy , global merger wreck , walk - on - a-cloud curiosity ... the shoe be everywhere . Drew stand , try to process it all . drew 's voice ... profound . david tan can you hear I ? they be recalling the recall . drew ~ ( daze ) ) how 's the weather ? ae ‘131 david tan ( laugh ) who know , man . I be walk on a cloud ! it 's a spasmotica World ! I be go to . yell for joy now , so get ready . aaarrrrrhh ! : Drew hang up , stunne and almost delirious . he linger a beat . it 's a curious sensation , beginning in he chin , and slowly move across he face . he begin to cry . it 's all come qut now . he hug a Stranger wear the shoe . drew where do you find they ? . man ' tt be not easy . passing shot of huge landscape Music continue . int . drew 's rental car - day Drew take big gulp of air as he drive , still cry . look over at the purple um . try to read she map : drew 's voice '' do not get lose . go to exit 52a from 142c . you be now enter scottsbluff , nebraska ... on passing sign read : scottsbluff , nebraska . '' come experience the difference . '' drew's voice + where a fur trapper with a great name -- hiram Scott - gain immortality by die , alone and desert by he companion ... on drew park again . reading the map and she word carefully . he look up at the very bluff she 's write about . drew 's voice «at the base of a magnificent formation of bluff along the North platte River in 1828 . passing formation the bluff be just as powerful as ‘her word . ue . . we drew 's voice '' that be he cross to bear . but this many year later , they be all forget , and what 's leave be what you see , everything , name after the guy they abandon ... ext . mountain - day * Drew stand at the spot . drew's voice ... at this very spot . '' drew hiram . meet Mitch . Drew spread the most ash yet . ext drew 's rental car — day ash fly from the driver 's window , spraying against the sky . int , drew 's rental car - drive - day Drew drive . drew 's voice '' proceed to the the second largest Farmer 's market in the World , locate on the second largest country store in the World boulevard , for some essential for the rest of you journey home . it should now be about 12:30 . '' he look at he watch . 2:30 pm . he 's late . on passing sign '' the second largest Farmer 's market in the World . '' a ) 133 ext . second largest farmer' market in the world - afternoon Drew pull into the parking lot . the Farmer 's market be three - storey , and one enormous block - long . he look at the latest installment of Claire 's instruction . drew 's voice go to the Pet Area ... ' int . second largest farmer 's market in the world - afternoon ' Drew walk forward . the Farmer 's market be immense , a museum of americana . drew 's voice '' look inside the book about springer spaniel , with a yellow piece of paper , and you future direction . '' int . pet area — afternoon curiously , Drew reach for the book about springer spaniel . a yellow note read : drew - - go to the shoe Area . - on he feet walk down the circular ramp to the shoe Area . int . shoe area ~ day he enter the shoe area . drew's voice '' find a pair of spasmoticas on display , the last pair '' in town , and look inside ... he find the pair of spasmotica shoe on display , and look inside . on a polaroid of he in the Pet area a moment earlier . he know she 's close . he look around . his adrenalin be pump . js she here ? sbe have to be . he find another note . >) 134 drew 's voice '' here you have reach a fork in the map . you can go to you car and the rest of the direction will take you home . or ... : Pov : ; he look around . she 's nowhere in sight . on circular staircase run , look for she . drew 's voice 's '' | jook for a girl in a red hat who 's wait for you with a altemate plan . to : on drew stand in the middle of the busy store . where be she ? drew's voice '' you decision will affect you entire life , and how you live it . '' - : he stand there in the crowded store , look to the right and lefi - a red shawl . a red baseball cap . a red shirt ... none of they Claire . on drew grow desperate to find she . he know it now . he need she , crave she with every breath in he body . and yet ... in the teeming humanity that surround he ... nothing ... ae on a SMALL coffee stand - the instant he see she ... or maybe it 's she . ina seat at the bottom ofa small staircase . she sit in a red wool hat , quietly face away . he approach behind she , and she turn . on claire look at he , as if for the first time 135 - . kk Drew respond like a man awaken . he move to she , and kiss she fiercely . he start to speak " . ina voice shake with quiet emotion . his soul be fill with life . and she be curious and surprised to hear this word come from he . drew - I do not know if Ben even exist . I do not want to know . I love you , Claire . a whole dark chapter of my life be over now , because of you ... high angle . . as he kiss she , and they stand together in the crowded flow of life . . drew ... you tuine ail my plan , and 7 want to do the same for you . drew's voice no true fiasco ever begin as a quest for mere adequacy ... oe we suddenly we hear a huge , rock soarof plane . and we break form to show the follow '' glimpsis of oddly unstoppable success . on a fleet of british plane thunder across the sky . drew's voice . the motto of the british special service Air Force be — '' that who risk , win . '' Pov -- a determine pilot in the cockpit . look out at geography below . drew 's voice i a single green vine- shoot be able to grow through cement ... on a tiny GREEN vine ) emerge through the smallest crack of inhospitable cement . a ) 136 drew 's voice . the Pacific Northwestern salmon beat itself bloody on it 's quest to travel hundred of mile upstream , against the current , with a single purpose ... a sex , of course , but also ... '' oe ' on the salmon ' . , rumbling against the current , upstream . drew 's voice .. life . oe as credit begin to roll unobtrusively , we now hear a voice we have not hear before . _ tetra , man 's voice ' : that be quite a story ... . ext . drew 's apartment - day Drew 's apartment . soe title : two month later int , drew 's apartment -- day os we see how the apartment have change . a woman 's touch be in evidence . a single spasmoticg poster remain , but in a entirely new context . : : drew cee some more wine , Ben ? . . x and we see BEN , pleasant - look , 28 , offer a wine glass . Drew pour . Claire sit betwegn they . content and excited to be with both of they . BEN thanks ... that 's amazing ... and that 's how you meet . drew that 's how we meet . Claire rub each of they arm , lovingly . Ben take a last sip of wine . rv ) BEN she 's very inspiring . but then — I be partial . I be she brother . ( beat , confide ) she use I as protection for year . for every guy on a plane who ever want to pick ber up . claire please . I throw myself at he . Drew look at Claire . Claire smile to herself and look down .. : drew ' and to think , on a dark night not so long ago , J almost miss meeting both of you . , Ben rise , and we see the exercise bike near the door . BEN well , thanks for the exercise bike . tanight have a problem get that to my car . . ) claire _#_ ( rise ) if it be not this , it would be something else . drew here , pll help - the three grapple with the unwieldy bicycle , now toothless and knife - free , attempt to find a way to angle it through the narrow door . - BEN there 's get to be a way to get this out the door ? I mean , you get it in ... claire here , try it at this angle -- drew okay , wait , I get it - claire Drew , you can not do everything yourself — BEN '' push to the leave — wait , it 's slip -- drew it 's alright , we have it — claire 1 know you guy would get along . ' BEN ( with hand full ) you sure you want to give this up ? drew — take it . I actually think it 's good luck . they conversation continue as they ease it out the door , credit continue , and we hear they , almost drop that bike , narrowly avoid disaster , off -screen now , laugh , as we ... fade to black the end