XP . orphanage los angele ~ day ty a young boy , maybe 8 , help a nun wash clothes . she hang they on the line , as the hot los angele sun beat down . the little boy leok up at the sky where he see a majestic float space habitat . a torus . bigger than the moon but the same effect against the blue sky . max sister ? nun yes Max ? max be the people from there , be they different to I ? she look over at the little boy for a moment , then go back the hang the laundry , as we CUT to -- ext . space we see the torus as it sparkles in all of its glory . we fly ever million of mansion cover the inner habitable side of the torus as it spin slowly in the sunlight . nun ( v.0 . } they be not so different to you Max . they be just rich . that 's the only difference . they be rich . ext . los angele - dusk gleaming rocket take off , tear through the atmosphere and into space from a run down slum in los angele . a little girl watch as they glow up into the heaven . her shirt be dirty and riddled with hole . nun ( v.0 . ) you see one day the rich decide that Earth be too dirty for they and they want a new place to live , so they build blysium . ext . orphanage - continucus Max lleok over at the nun skeptically . max but they look different . nun I do not think so . you think so ? Max nod , and we CUT to -- a commercial for the new fall line by gucci . various supermodel - like face come up on the screen . '' a '' through " F '' lettere next to each head . a finger select the '' cc '' model , we realize it 's a touch screen , a beautiful woman take she finger off the screen and walk into a medical BAY that sit in a high - end designer store . she lie down on a mri look machine . the machine close around she . a flash of light and then gucci read acress the image of the dazzle woman , she face leok instantly young . nun ( v.0 . ) they just do not get old the same way as we ... ext , orphanage -— continuous Max go back to serubb - max do they get sick ? int . gucci medical BAY the mri machine run a laser up and dewn the woman 's body . a computer monitor read the diagnosis : trace amount of cancer . certain smaller ailment . the laser change color . re-atomizing come up on the screen , non ( ¥.0 . ) they have machine to fix that . they live longer . they be very lucky . beeep . Health check complete . 100 % clear . the woman 's name and detail come up : age 37 . she look 40 . ext . elysium - day elysian mother push stroller past a perfect lawn . they chat as the curvature on the inside of the habitat stretch out behind they . they look healthy , happy , perfect . ; max ( v.0 . ) I do not want to get sick . I want to go there like they . then I will not get sick . int . spider be lair — night line of human wait to buy illegal ticket to elysium from gun -strap smugglers . we see a mother and daughter . nun ( v.c. ) well , some people do go there ... we see the little girl get a fake elysian id number burnt into she wrist . she wince . a father and he young son on crutch step forward . the father place the dirty cash down . ext . space ~ day a filthy graffiti-cover rickety old space - ship shoot away from earth , head toward the magnificent ring in the sky . nun ( ¥.0 . ) actually many people go there . int . immigrant ship throng of illegal immigrant . the mother stroke she daughter be hair . Coke bottle and garbage float in zero G. the father and he young son lie wait to land . nun ( v.0 . ) but it 's illegal , they do not like we there . ext . elysium — day as the ship pull wp to the surface ... ind . protocce , room a very high - tech cylindrical room on the inside of elysium . a tiny scroll of text blink on a computer monitor : illegal entry . dispatching homeland defense . ext . elystum - day the graffity ship touch down . the back bay door open and the immigrant emerge . the mother help she sick daughter out onte the lawn of this new utopia . non ( v.0.3 so they send we home ... a the immigrant see helicopter -like vehicle dotting the LA sky , get closer , fill with immigration police droid . the immigrant run for they life . the father and son get catch , as a droid fire a net over they , trapping they . max ( v.0 . ) all of we ? nun ( ¥.0 . ) no , not all ... the mother and daughter escape through a hedge . the mother throw a rock through the window of a big empty mansion . she epen the door and carry she sick child inside . int . mansion elystum ~ mo BAY fhe mother find a in-house medical bay . like a large hospital mri inside each of the elysian home . she put the child down on the machine and press the button . the machine scan the barcode on she wrist . the mri close around she . nun ( v.0 . ) some people stay ... the mother watch a screen . the graphic on screen show the re-atomization process . the machine open , and ... the girl look healthy . the screen read : 100 % clear . the mother cry with happiness as she hug she healthy daughter . nun ( v.0 . ) they stay as long as they can .... ex ?. elysium mansion - lawn - day the young girl and mother sit at a picnic , enjoy every second , watch artificial waterfall in the distance , but - ~ they see little black dot on the horizon . that helicopter ~ like vehicle . the mother wrap up fast , racing inside . i nun ( ¥.0 . ) but sooner or later , they be find ... int . elysium mansion - day the mother and daughter hide . the door blow OPEN . homeland defense droid raid the house , the mother be violently handcuff , the girl try the protect she be hold down . i ' i | i | : : int . deportation hangar —- night a huge hangar . illegal be line up like cattle , wait to be deport . the massive space shuttle wait as orange jwmnp - suite human climb on board . illegal alien on they back . the mother and daughter be among they . the immense shuttle lift up and depart . Pan with it , Earth come into frame . huge and bright , it feel not far away . nun ( v.0 . ) and they be send back here . ext . earth slum the ship pull up to a no name slum . the human be repatriate . thrown out by armed droid . max ( v.0 . ) it 's not fair . ext . orphanage - day non I know , € know my little Max . it 's not fair . but one day if you become a rich man you can go there . Max nod , determine . max I will be rich . nun oh really . that 's good . how be you go to be rich ? max I will be a dealer . the nun whip she head over , look at Max . nun a dealer ? who have you be speak to ? Max look down and go back to scrubbing . max pedro , he say you can be rich if you be a dealer . nun well you just stop listen to pedro . I do not want to hear such nonsense ever . do you understand ? the nun turn back to she wash . max yes sister . Close - up on young max 's face as he scrub the clothing . think , dream of elysium . we slowly dissolve to : int . max 's shack - morning adult max lean forward in front of a small dirty mirror . de splashes water on he face . he be 30 , good lock , clearly from a troubled past . we see gang tatt run down he neck and arm . a small gold locket dangle from he neck . ext . los angele favela - morning Max walk past serious gangster hang out in the favela . a few girl hang out with they . gangster off to work ? carlo gotta be up early to work that line , man . the gangster laugh . max yeah , laugh it up , remember you owe I bail money Carlo . Carlo go quiet . Max keep move . Wide shot of the favela : we see the thousand of rickety little house and cinder - ~ block shack all interconnected . title : los angele ~ formerly UNITED states 2109 . what look like the layout of the Hollywood Hills , overlook a vast pollute population , seem to resemble Tijuana more than Los Angeles . woman hang laundry , police chopper fly overhead . chicken squawk . another day in LA . Little favela child suddenly appear , surround Max . they try and go through he pocket . he slap they hand away . child 1 you get money ? child 2 we want money ! max you think I get money ? I need money , that 's why I be go to work . wait ... do you have money ? the child look confuse . Max catch one of they and turn he upside down , shaking he by he foot . a few coin fall out of he pocket . the other child laugh hysterically . Max put he down . and grab a five dollar coin . max ( cont 'd ) uh huht Rich ! the kid grab for it , the other kid die with laughter . max ( cont ‘d ) now I can finally buy my ticket to elysium ! the kid laugh even harder . Max hand it back . max ( cont ’d ) now fuck off . the child run off laugh . Max continue down the sloping favela . up ahead he see : hundred of people gather . ragged clothing , filthy and starve . a fly machine head toward the mob . it slow and hover overhead . the aixborne vehicle be mostly blue and have a UN peacekeeper vibe . elysium food program write on the side . Max keep walk alongside the mob . the rear bay door open on the fly vessel and a robotic droid press a release button on the cargo control . food aid bag begin eject out of the jet . the huge grain bag fall to the dusty ground . people fight over the food . Max leok up at the droid . its cold mechanical eye look down con the human . Max watch as the jet seal up and fly away while the starve people fight fiercely over scrap . int . train — morning Max stand in a crowded , filthy train . he watch LA skim by out of the graffiti-laden window . he turn to see two robotic police officer move through the train . they check passenger , one of they carry a portable scanner . they shine it at the human and they data come up . the officer walk up to a bunch of decidedly dangerous look gangster . each of they be scan . the robot pat the suspect down fairly violently . gangster itm clean , do not fuck touch I ! police droid ( rebotic voice } checked , move on . the droid stalk through the train . they walk up to Max . he watch they come . they scan he . he smile , cheery . max good morning officer . police droid multiple felony . extended history of deal . what 's in the backpack ? max ah , you know , a little of this , littie of that -- one of the officer try to grab Max 's bag . Max resist . max ( cont 'd ) guy seriously , I be just on my way to work , this be my stop here . the Officer be not happy with Max hang onto the bag . very quickly it whip out a telescopic baton , as the train suddenly come to a stop . people start get off . max ( cont ’d ) look , you stick 's very scary , but this be my stop , okay ? ft do not want any trouble . Max try to walk . whack ! the Officer lash he across the knee , he fall . the second Officer grab he neck and hold he down . the first one rummages through he backpack . the train start move again . Max struggle to look up at the officer since he head be down . max ( cont 'd ) that be my stop ! they subdue he violently , give he a crack to the rib . | | i 1 ! ! i ' ! | the droid be satisfied there be no drug in the bag . he throw it next to Max on the ground . police droid you be schedule for parole hearing 68 today . thank you citizen . they move on . Max lie on the floor , he lip bleed now . he watch he stop disappear behind he . then he slowly look up , chin bloody , eye stare at elysium , so far away ... ext . blysium the huge 100 km diameter ring spin ever so slowly . bird of paradise wave gently in the clean air . we pan over to -- a large government complex . the ccb . its metal exterior look like a shiny version of the Pentagon . int . ccb hq control room the control room be a large NASA mission control style room . many worker sit at computer terminal . all of they be aim at a huge wall - sereen of data which project a map of flysium with income and outgo shuttle flight path , real time police data etc . at the high seat of authority sit : secretary rhode . powerful , beautiful . her eye be cold , sharp , miss nothing . she be the head of the ccb . ccb agent sixteen income ship , mar ’am . we have permit for nine of they , usual raw material , cargo . Seven unaccount for . Rhodes watch the screen . small ship income . rhode normal Monday morning . scramble unit for each of the landing site . ccb agent 2 ja , actually ma‘am , it look like fifteen of we operational unit be pull offline last night . Rhodes snap she focus over to the agent . rhode what ?! the agent be read she terminal in real time . 10. ccb agent 3 look like they be decommission by Minister Patel . we have six active unit , ma‘am . rhode five of which be deal with yesterday 's squatter ? ccb agent 2 and the immigrant in delta quadrant . would you like we to send the standard warning to the income ship ? Rhodes just shake she head , disgust . rhode yeah , that always work . ccb agent 3 ( check comm ) first undocumented ship just touch down . a massive satellite - image come up , look down on the gqraffiti-riddled ship as it land and illegal stream out . overhead voice we be tracking ... 24 illegal . ccb agent ma‘am , we need to dispatch we available team to one of the landing site . should we send they ? rhede look at the little red dot on screen . rhode axe there any active weapon satellite ? ccb agent 4 negative mar 'am . also decommission two day ago . along with all terrestrial battery . Rhodes slide back in she chair watch the satellite feed . she consider , the red dot spread . finally ... rhode : how many of this income ship be a debris danger ? silence . a xoom of blank face . i | il . rhode ( cont ’d ) simple question . if we shoot they down ...how many ...are ...a.... debris ... danger ? a flurry of type . Rhodes keep she eye on the ship . ccb agent 3 uh .... base on current flight path , two of they . but again , all system be offline . the wall graphic change , two of the ship go red . with a warning and a graphic show potential debris spill . rhode not completely offline ... what agent be currently active that have access the class $ S weaponry ? ccb agent 4 we have two agent active that be capable . R smith and m kruger . reode activate kruger , he 's always reliable . ccb agent uh mar ’am , that be a direct ~ - reode I give you a order . ccb agent yes mar ' be . ext . liquor store los angele — day we see a man outside a dilapidate liquor store , he rag clothing cover he head like a jedi . he pick at he fingernails with a lethal look knife . this be m kruger . his wrist vibrate . he move the burlap material to reveal a shockingly high - tech device on he wrist build by raytheon . ee click the answer button , we see a wire run back up to he ear . we can not see he face . not yet . ccb agent 3 ( on comm ) agent 32 Alpha 21b . we be send a packet over . 12 . kruger pull the ear~piece out of he ear . he click the wrist device , a large ipod style screen . incoming data . int . ccb hq control room the huge wall - screen be a satellite image follow kruger into a desert field . we see he overhead as he pull a rope that remove a cover from a hole in the ground . ext . deserted field los angele - day kruger pull out a stinger missile look device . he get into fire position , the ugly snout of the giant bazooka housing multiple rocket . he press a button on he wrist device which sync with the missile launcher . he aim at the sky . kruger system in place . int . ccb hq control room Rhodes lean forward , inhale . rhode shoot they down . ccb agent 3 greenlight , 2 ib greenlight . ext . deserted field los angele click . he fire . four small missile snake up into the stratosphere many time faster than the speed of sound . kruger be cough on the rocket smoke . and laugh . int . ccb hq control room ccb agent 4 missile away . ext . space four missile speed into space . like tiny pixel against black , we see the ship hundred of kilometer away . we travel with one of the immigrant ship . we see elysium up ahead , a small snake missile scream toward we . bocooom ! the missile strike , the ship implode and jettison thousand of kilogram of shrapnel into space . bet . shuttle we see another shuttle fill with immigrant . int . shuttle a father look out of the dirty porthole . bis face go white as the missile snake toward they . he hold he daughter . ext . space bocoom ! the second ship be blow into oblivion . sparkle glint shard of metal sprinkle into the universe . int . ccb hq control room the explosion fill the big wall - screen . one ship disappear . overhead voice target neutralize . the other one be go . overhead voice ( cont ’d ) target neutralize . the screen be clear . the sky be empty again . Rhodes lean back , exhales . the room sit in total silence . then ... overhead voice ( cont ‘d ) Secretary Rhodes please report to the briefing center immediately . Secretary Rhodes . to the briefing center . Rhodes stand up , straighten she jacket and confidently walk out of the control room . the agent watch she go . ext . deserted pield los angele kruger look over to see two young boy who witness he fire the rocket . he toss the weapon onto the ground . kruger hey kid . kid axe you like ... the police ? he pulis a lethal knife from he coat . kruger not really . 14 . as he approach they with the knife , we cup to -- ext . los angele county hospital - day the hospital be old , dirty , run down . and very overcrowded . int . los angele county hospital -— day we move through the mass to find : max sit , hold a tissue to he lip , still bleed . a nurse emerge . she be beautiful , but have the look of not enough sleep and toc much stress . this be frey , late twenty . she slow when she see he . frey Max ...? Max dacosta ...? he smile , but it pain he to smile . max frey ?! Long time . frey yeah . she look at he bloody lip , with a hint of disapproval . frey ( cont ’d ) I see thing have not change . max this , this be not my fault . frey okay . she take out gauze , stitches , start work . frey ( cont 'd ) this might sting a little . max how long have you -- frey do not talk . he keep he mouth shut , as she stitches he up . he look at she , they face close . she finish . Max start to talk but -- nurse frey . they need you up on the third flocr . 15 . frey be right there . she pack up she stuff to go . max hey , you think maybe we could ... frey bye Max , you stay out of trouble . Max just smile . it still sting a little . max you know mé ... ( she 's go ) I be clean . he sit there a moment . alone . then he grab he bag . ext . biosphere pactory - day max walk towards the entrance of the immense plant . its smoke stack pour pollution into the atmosphere . the giant facility be ringed by a tatty chain~link fence with barb wire . Guards at the front wave he through . int . biospeere factory Max walk into a busy safety prep area . he grab a respirator mask off a hook and be about to put it on when the foreman stop he . foreman third time this month . max yeah I know , sorry sir , will not happen again . foreman that 's what you say last time . I be docking thirty minute . get you act together , Da costa . max yes sir . Max salute , walk to the airlock separate the entry from the factory . as he enter the airlock , the Foreman yell : foreman you be lucky to have this job . max very lucky sir . I always dream of at . fhe airlock hiss open , revealing : 16 . the interior of the factory be massive . thousands of worker slave over machinery . on the assembly line , we see -- the familiar police and military droid of elysium . this be where they army be build . Max walk through the huge space . he look up to the second level office , where the ceo preside , stand at the glass : int . carlyle' office ~ day ceo JOHN carlyle be elysian , rich . he watch over the factory through thick bulletproof glass . he see all he little minion . int . biosphere factory Max grab he dolly off the rack and walk to end of a assembly line . he keep he eye on worker dude , you crazy ? do not look at he . max whatever . you think he have he face peel this morning ? the worker laugh . he watch Max with cold attention . he spot at the carlyle . Max use a foot pedal to load the new robotic head . he pull the silicone cover down and stretch it over the steel skull of the police droid . he put the head into the pallet . jump cut : more head , more silicone , more pallet . Max walk they over to the kiln . unload they . go back , get more . unload they . get more . he get a fresh batch of robotic skull , he start pull the silicone over one , he complete it . Max lock around the factory . he look up at the ceo , to make sure he be not watch . he 's not there . Max grab a permanent marker and write '' fuck the police '' ever the droid 's face . he then cover it with the silicone . it . the kiln be full . he shut the door . he look at the large button on the wall . click he push thermoplast . a large red light shine . through the three - inch thick glass porthole , we see the massive microwave fire radiation at the droid head . once baked , the head slide out of the back of the kiln . the light go off . a warning come up . cooling . and then safe to enter . Max disengage the door and open it . the kiln be empty , ready for more ... ext . ccb hq - day the government building gleam . Outer space see beyond it . int '. ccb hq briefing rocgm - continuous the room leok like a military tribunal , all aim at Secretary rhode who sit alone with a single microphone , face a panel of high - level politician . rep patel do you understand that this administration be elect on the basis we would be more compassionate to Earth ? do you get that ? we promise a kinder , gentler rule . instead , now we have a pr nightmare on we hand . rhode forgive I sir . I do not speak that language . I do not know what a pr nightmare be . I do however know that if this administration keep dedge the real issue , then we will actually have a real nightmare on we hand . rep burrard the real issue ? rhode Jesus Christ . yes the real issue . the ungodly influx of illegal immigrant into this orbital habitat . that issue . go get you milk and cookie and go to bed , junior . rep penny how old be you , Secretary ? 18 . rhode I be one hundred and eight , mar ’am . rep penny well perhaps that explain you penchant for resorting to twentieth century tactic . Representative Patel lifte a file sit in front of he . rep patel then there 's the use of this agent . a Mr m kruger . Fifteen human rights violation , span four territory , rape , weapon charge , misappropriation of military resource , false flag operation , human rights atrocity - ~ rep penny the guy 's be diagnose with serious psychological issue . rep patel we make it explicitly clear to you that we be no longer use sleeper agent . and this be the kind of person you hire ? some crazy sleeper agent hide out on earth ? you be a reckless fanatic , Rhodes . rhode a fanatic ? Sir , I be a patriot . I be the one protect we child fxom the great unwash . rep patel I vote for a complete dismissal . not enough hand be raise . it 's split . rep patel ( con ? ’d ) alright . Fine , let 's reduce she classification to level two , make sure she never fire another missile . and let 's discharge this nlock at paper ) agent kruger permanently . all in favour ? the majority hold up they hand . Rhodes clenches she jaw so tightly we can see the muscle flex under she skin . i 19 . rep patel ( cont ’d ) } good. effective immediately . let 's update the protocol . Patel put he hand onte a biometric screen in front of he the screen read he hand , breep . the other politician do the same on they screen . beeeeep . rep patsl ( cont ‘d ) Secretary R Rhodes . demote to level two clearance only . overhead voice accept . Secretary Rhodes demote . int . protocol room the familiar high tech room . two heavily - armed droid stand outside . Inside , we see a server array of computer , with aidem write across they . a screen flash : secretary rhode demoted - level two clearance only . int. ccb hq briefing room rep patel agent m kruger discharge from ccb . overhead voice agent kruger discharge immediately . the politician take they hand cff the screen . rep patel thank you everyone , dismiss . the politician get up and leave . Rhodes accost Patel , get in he way . she speak low , deadly . reode do not come cry to I when there be so many of they here that this place look like farth , and you need a nuclear weapon to restore order . rep patel De not worry , I will have move . the politician turn , leave . Rhodes watch he walk away . 20 . bxt . kruger nos shack - day a tin shack sit in the baking sun . various feral dog roam around , bark . Poverty stricken child play . int . kruger 's shack - day we see kruger 's hand use a crkt tactical knife to rip the boy 's red sweater apart , he pull change out of its pocket . his shack be stuff to the brim with a mixture of absurd elysian weaponry , along with blade and sword and computer tech . various woman 's high heel and clothing lie around . kruger 's wrist vibrate . he pull he sleeve back , '' income encrypt notification . '' '' bgen ? C m kruger immediate discharge from ccb . please report to hq for debrief - repeat immediate discharge . '' kruger stand motionless . a new text flash : return all weaponry to local embassy . kruger punch the wall with immense power . suddenly he grab a throw knife and huck it out of the open door . we hear a dog yelp in die pain . and then silence . int . parole hearing office - day the office look like the dmv . throng of plastic chair line the large room . up in front of the reform criminal be : booth where parole officer robot sit . like a cheaply build plastic robot version of a $ 1 kid ride outside a grocery store , its mouth a simple speaker . tatoo-cover reformee sit and explain themselves to the plastic bureaucrat . max sit hold he paper number . beeep . overhead voice four hundred and thirty five . Max walk to the cubicle booth . as he adjust the chair and sit down , speaker in the booth begin play . cubicle speaker Max Da costa . 36 year old . incarcerate twice . 2.4 year , 3.5 year . traffick control substance . Grand theft auto . vandalism . i i 1 21 . max hi , helle , before we st - — robot parole officer violation of penal code 22 ia tcday onboard metro transit train c4 south . max yes , I know , but if you would - ~ robot parole officer immediate extension of parole duration by a further eight month . max what ?! no no wait , this be a -- robot parcle officer Police officer note violent anti social behavior . we regretfully must extend parole . Max clenches he jaw . we see he hand under the table flex . the robot who have only be look straight ahead adjust its head to face Max for the first time . robot parole officbr ( cont 's D ) elevation in heart rate detect . trace amount of testosterone in blicodstream . would you like a pill ? a small container sponsor by pfizer pop up from the desk . max no no , thank you . I just want to explain that today be not my fault . it be a -- robot parole officer stop talk . have you engage in the use or distribution of control substance in the last 24 hour ? max no. what ? all of that be behind m- - robot parole officer stop talk . personality matrix suggest a 78.3 % chance of regression to old behavior pattern . ( more ) robot parole ofpicer ( cont 'd ) traffick of and solicit of control substance . theft . would you like to talk to a human ? max ( mock in robot voice } no , I be ok . robot parole officer Change in speech pattern note . be you be sarcastic and or abusive . max ( still in robot voice ) negative . robot parole officer it be a federal offence to abuse a parole officer . Max stand up aggressively and grab he back pack . max understaed . robo ? parole officer this meeting be adjourned . next meeting be in three day . ext . favela outdoors ~ dusk Max arrive home at the favela . rap blare , gangster mill about . young kide and single mother all over . Max finally get to he shack . julio , Max 's lifelong friend , drink beer outside he place with some other sketchy look guy . julio follow Max in and grab a beer for he . int . max 's shack ~ night Max open he closet and start put he stuff down . julio hand he a beer and slump onto the bed . julio what up man ? how be the line ? Max take a swig on the beer . julio see Max 's lip . julio ( cont ‘d ) } dude ! what happen ? Max feel he lip . he shrug . i max phe usual . i i I 23 , jelio lean forward and get serious . julio listen man ... Max anticipate what ' 's come and stop he . max can we just skip to the part where i say no ? julio hear I out first , okay ? please . julio take a zip lock bag of weed out of he cargo pants . julio ( cont 'd ) tt get a new connection , give I this shit for nothing , for dirt . I be sell it like crazy , man . we be make good cash right now . a beat . Max wait for the rest of the pitch . max T be sorry , be that it ? be that the whole pitch ? julio shut up -~ max no , I mean , do you rehearse that ? julio look homey , I do not want to be sell this shit , I do not want this life , just like you , but we both want elysium , right ? max julio so dude . hello . you be like the best hustler on the block , let I hook you up , we go back do it old scheol , the two of we . I swear to you , within a year we will have enough cash for id and a flight up there . Max lift he pants leg to show julio a parole anklet . max i think you might have forget this little guy . this fella mean ten-to-twenty next time . get it ? yeah I want to get wp there , live in a big house , eat all I want . but I gotta save up , man . julio and how you gonna do that ? you big hip hop careex ? julio laugh . Max laugh with he . max shut up . I would have be awesome , I have some sick rhyme . julio ah , so it 's not the rap career . max no bitch , I get a job . unlike some people . julio shake he head . jullo al pussy . max idiot . julio puta. max shut the fuck up , get out . Max stand up to force julio out . julio you wanna step out for some fun ? we meet some nice lady on the beach . max oh yeah , I be sure , like the last one you get , what be it again ? herpes . i t ' | julio they can fix that shit on hlysium . Max escort julio to the door as he speak . 25 . julio ( cont ’d ) seriously , this girl be reaily fine , they say they want to meet you , we all go to raza 's . julio take the small zip iock bag of weed and dangle it in front of Max 's face . julio ( cont 'd ) sell I , sell I . buy a ticket , leave this shit hole . Max laugh . max get out . julio I will wear you down , you use to be a legend . he push julio out and shut the door . ext . max's shack - continuous julio now you make the po po ! julio turn and leave , meet up with the other guy . sulio ( cont 'd ) no dice . int . hospital ~ locker room — day frey slide she rfid chip across a digital punch - card machine . it beep . work be over . frey stand there for a moment . another nurse approach she . nurse ( 0.s. ) hey , you okay ? frey turn , nod politely . nurse ( cont 'd ) well look , if you need anything sweetheart , just lemme know . we all wanna do what we can . frey thank you . 26 . int . hospital ward ~ day frey arrive at a ward that read cancer . she walk through row and row of sickly child in creak , rusted bed . frey go into a private area with a curtain draw . she find a young girl lay in bed . 6 year old . frey check the girl 's vital , chart . and then frey just look at she . and run a hand through the girl 's hair . this sick kid be she daughter matilda . a beat . and ... a doctor arrive . doctor hey . I be wonder if we could have a quick word . int . x- ray lab - day the Doctor find a empty room , and they go inside . doctor look , frey , you know we have do everything we could for you daughter , right ? frey what do you mean could ? doctor I be on you side , okay ? but I have a meeting today with the board and they be recommend we send she home with you . frey 's eye well up . but she remain calm . frey but ...how can I work here and leave she at home ? you know that she could ... it could happen any minute . doctor I know , I know . if she have a seizure , you can bring she back to the ward . but until then , she 's discharge . we nre not a rich facility , we need that room back . frey slowly shake she head as though this be not happen . 27 . frey can I just have till the end of the week ? there be more supplies I have to get , please . please . bocrtor alright . prey thank you . thank you , Dr. faizel . the doctor turn and leave . frey lean back against the wall . she put she hand to she face . ext . los angele favela ~ morning Morning light . the sound of dog and chicken once more . int . max's shack ~ morning Max sit up as he alarm go off . he splashes he face with water , look into the mirror . int . biosphere factory - morning Max walk along with many other slum doq factory worker . they put on they mask and pass into the airlock . int . biosphere factory ~ day Max lift yet another batch of head onto the dolly . he wheel they into the kiln , unload they . he go out , get one more , put it in . he hit the button . the door shut and then jam . he look inside : one of the pallet be skew . he hit the cancel button , but it do not open the door . he look around for help . he walk to the guy next to he . max hey man , can I bug you for a second ? worker what ? they gonna dock we pay . max yeah , it 's just , the door be jamme . have you see that before ? he follow Max to he kiln , look through the half open door . worker huh , shit that 's weird . I think it 's that skew one there , see that ? 28 , max yeah , but I can not reset it to open . worker well just squeeze through . max what ? fuck that . worker yeah , it 's fine , fuck it , 7 have to get. back . the worker go back over to he assembly line . Max look around nervously . the Foreman at the far end of the factory motion for Max to get back to work . Max point at the break door , but the Foreman do not care . Max look back at the door , see the skew palette . max why the hell do not I take the Burger King job ? Max take a breath , and try to squeeze through the gap . he pop he body through and be inside the k he go over to the heavy palette and start to straighte beeeeeep . the door suddenly snag free and .... shut . Max rush to the door . he bang hysterically on the glass . the kiln fire up , we see wave of heat distortion as the radiation engulf we . Max scream and collapse to the floor . a emergency alarm sound . Computer monitor read '' organic tissue detected k 34 . '' the factory shut down . up above : ceq carlyle walk back to he window , he see worker run to Max 's kiln . a large overhead siren wail . on the window , we see holographic projection of biosphere stock price fall with each second of non-production . Max struggle to stay conscious . we see the Foreman rush to the door , other worker use crowbar to wrench it open . they force it open and allow a smalij . bomb disposal -style robot to enter . it wheel itself up to Max and scan he . it grab Max with its robotic pincer and start to drag he out . Max lie on the floor unconscious as he be drag . close up : Max 's face . i i i i 1 | 23. flashback : ext . crphanage - day young max sit outside on a dilapidate merry go round in the dirty , sunny orphanage playground . he have he head in he lap . his eight year old knuckle be bloody . the nun we see earlier walk out into the empty playground . she calmly sit down next to he . he lift he head and look over at she , he have a bloody nose . max it be not my fault , sister . nun yes I know . I know , Max . Max slump he chin onto he knee , squinting in the sunlight . we see blysium through he pov. max I just want to go there . the nun look at the break boy for a beat . she delicately reach around she neck and unclip a gold chain . at the end of it be a smali spherical pendant . she point up at elysium . nun you see how beautiful it look to we from here ? the torus look stun , glint in sunlight . max yeah . nun well , look how beautiful we look from there . she open the locket and it reveal a photo of barth from space . the blue marble . equally stun . nun ( cont 'd ) you keep this . this be yours now . to never forget about where you come from , Little Max . she put it into he hand . he close he finger . 30 . int . pactory mo BAY — day max Pov : a blurred figure overhead . the image come into focus . it be the small optical array '' head '' of the hazmat robot . it run a scan of he . a laser skim over Max . max what ..... what .... happen ? he lock over to see he 's in a gross little mo bay , he see a porthole embed in a thick blast - proof door . the Foreman look through it at Max . ext , factory mo BAY - continuous carlyle walk with purpose . two heavily armed 24 / 7 security droid walk with he . as carlyle approach the Foreman , he take out a prada handkerchief , so repulse by the set - carlyle what the hell be go on ? why have production stop ? foreman Sir , a accident in one of the thermoplast kiln , he 's be expose . ( nodd at mo bay ) carlyle do not breathe on I , cover you mouth . foreman sorry sir . carlyle be you tell I that we assembly line be down because some worker get irradiate ? be that what you be tell I ? the Foreman avert he gaze , turn to some supervisors . he give they a sign to start up . we hear machine rev to life . foreman sorry , sir . carlyle move to the glass porthole and look in at Max . Max look back . they eye lock . carlyle Zo assume he sign the usual waiver . do he skin fall off or something ? ( morb ) i : ! 31 . carlyle ( cont 'd ) I do not want to replace that bedding in there , just get he out , get he out of there . carlyle turn and leave . int . factory mo BAY - continuous hazmat robot you have endure a level four radioactive exposure . Max be freeze as he hear the news . hazmat robot ( cont 'd ) you white blood cell count will diminish rapidly , follow by multiple organ failure . finally cardiac arrest , result approximately twenty day from exposure . Max 's hand grip the bed linen and crush it . hazmat robot ( cont 'd ) for legal reason we ask you use the secondary exit from the factory to avoid contamination of staff . the robot drop a bottle of pill on Max . hazmat robot ( cont 'd ) miporol will abate symptom . thank you . the robot wheel itself out of the room . Max lie alone in the tin bed . he look over at the porthole . the Foreman leave the window . Max watch as he disappear . Max lie back and slowly look up at the roof . he try to control he breathe . he grit he tooth . bite down hard . ext . biosphere factory - day Max hobble out of a steel door into the los angele sunlight . his face be white and sick . his eye black . a wall of bulletproof plexiglass run the length of the exit . a thick yellow line show the side worker must stay on . Max slowly put one foot in front of the next , struggle . carlyle come out of the factory on the other side of the giass escort by he security droid . a magnificent elyszan shuttle , like a roll royce , sit wait for he . ue S Max sway with nausea , he lose he foot , step over the line , support himself on the glass , instantly , sentry gun aim at he , get too close to carlyle . security speaker you have step into a restrict area . please step back into the approve area . saliva drip from Max 's mouth as he look up at the gun and over at carlyle , stare through the glass . carlyle be about to climb into he shuttle . he look over at Max . then he cover he face with he handkerchief , and climb into the shuttle . Max step away from the plexiglass , as the turbine spool up . the gun return to neutral , int . train ~ day Max sit in one of the chair . he be awkwardly slump . his face a sallow pale white . a thick glaze of sweat coat he feature . his black bag eye look out over the city . ext . favela - dusk Max hobble very slowly up the stair into the favela . the Little child circle he , curious about what he ailment be . Max be too weak to disperse they . ext . max's shack - continuous Max be able to see he shack . julio and the other be crowded around the area . julio look over at Max . Max hang onte the wall to stay upright . julio run to he friend . Max collapse and fall to the dirty favela floor . julio my god man , what happen ? max ! int . max's shack ~ night julio have Max drape over he shoulder , other gangster push the door open as julio bring he inside and slump he down on he bed . the other follow . lot of noise and commotion . Max look over at the gangster , weakly . max get out , get the fuck out . the gangster all leave . except julio who sit on he bed . 33 . max ( cont 'd ) go. julio no . no man . Max look over at he backpack , try to reach it , he hand tremble . julio lean and grab it for he . max Water . julio run out . Max slowly pull the miporol out of the bag , julio come back with a coke bottle fill with water , julio what 's go on , Max ? Max ignore he and swallow the pill , sip the water . max can they really cure anything up there ? julio yeah , man ... they fix it all . max I need to get up there . now . julio bo you have any cash ? Max shake he head . julio ( cont 'd ) listen , you can have everything I have , but a ticket from spider be like 90 , Ie do not even have halt that yet , I be save . any other coyote will probably be double . max I do not want you money . I just need to see spider . ext . spider ‘s lair ~ night in the baddest area of the LA favelas , we find spider 's lair . thump reggaeton spill cut into the night aix . Max and jalio push they way through the busy sidewalk to the lair . 34 . int . spider 's lair a fat bouncer sit in front of a dent steel door . gangster lounge with girl in skimpy clothing , maybe prostitute . Max and julio approach the bouncer . julio we need to talk to spider . the bouncer ignore julio , keep chew on he toothpick . max heey ..- Max 's voice be break from the sickness . max ( cont 's D} hey , asshole . we need to get in . the bouncer carelessly motion to another thug who sit on a plastic produce box , with a ak47 sling across he chest . he get up and use a metal detector on Max and he chum . thug clean . the bouncer wave he fat arm without look at they . the thug push the steel door open and Max enter . Max and julio walk into the lair . the hall be bustling with people . Max and julio walk past hooker and dealer . Max know where he be go , he 's clearly be here before . they finally reach a door lead to a large room , and enter - ~-~ int . spider 's lair mission control —- night the mission control be where the illegal shuttle be launched from . the room be a strange combination of wall - size plasmas and a favela . litter and expose brick next to super computer and monitor display flight route . ten techie gangster be work on computer . it be the cpposite of the clean , pristine ccb conprol room . we see a man orchestrate the scene , he sit in a chair . he lean back throw a footbali up toward the roof and catch it . this be spider . a walk stick lie next to he chair . one of he leg be paralyse . despite he disability , he be muscular , powerful , almost regal in he shabby throne . as the ball land in he hand , he look over at Max . spider you lock like shit . julio help Max into the room . he collapse into a empty chair , knock over some can and bottle and a keyboard . spider ( cont 'd ) goddamn , watch yourself . spider lean closer the Max , look at he . spider ( cont ’d ) what the hell 's wrong with you ? max T be sick , I .... i be die . spider interesting . max I need to get up there . I can pay you back when I be cure , when I be better . then I can do whatever you want . but I need to get up there . spider lean back in he chair . he start laugh . some of the other techie gangster start laugh with he , spider oh man , that be priceless . you think you just waltz in here and demand a ticket , and I be go to give it to you like I be some kind of magic genie that grant wish or some shit ? maybe I can lend you my fly rug too . he laugh . Max get really close to spider 's face . max how many job do I do for you ? how many ? I be asx for help here , I need help spider , please . spider do you have any idea how many idiot come in here say this same bullshit ? do you think I have be able to put food in my child 's mouth if I run a fuck charity ? the fuel alone be more than 85 % of what I charge . and forging a identity for you ? ( more ) 36 . spider ( cont 'd ) that 's two progremer for six day straight . who 's gonna pay for that ? seriously get the fuck out . spider turn back to the tech guy . julio I tell you . let 's ge . julio start help Max up . they be move toward the door . spider return to throw he ball up in the air and catch it . but suddenly he stop . spider wait ... you say it 's terminal ? this disease thing ? max yes . spider toss the ball in the air , catch it as he think . spider you willing to take a chance then ? there 's something I always want to do , but no one have the ball to do it . spider grab he walk stick and hobble over to they . julio I do not like the sound of this . max what be it ? int . spider 's lair armory spider lead they inside . serious gun and ammo lie all over the place . spider go over to a pile of tech and start cummage for something . he finally 's pull out a small device : spider here we go . the size of a matchbox , it have a tethere tail of wire cake in old blood . he put it on the table in front of they . spider ( cont ’d ) that my friend , be you ticket up there . one last job for I , earn you way up . 37 . max what be it ? ean back against the wall , get more comfortable . Max shake spider take a elysian asshole , a billionaire , he 's down on earth do some business , whatever . we hijack he ok ? max fuck that . spider relax . it get much worse . forget he watch , forget he ride , forget all that shit . ( he tap he brow ) this be what you take . organic information right cut of he head . Bank code , password , log in data . aecess to billion . we get a few hour before they figure it out and switch the code , you nve extract enough to fund you own army . he head , point to the data-port . max you know what the failure rate be with that ? spider yeah . tt 's why all this pussy always bail on I . max we could not even get into a hospital to install it . spider no no , hospital ? what the fuck ? my guy be very skilled . you do not have to worry . julic you guy ? be you kid ? spider hey . this boy can hot wire a car in under ten second . 38 . julto so that mean they can perform brain surgery ?! spider look at Max . spider c'mon , you know it 's you only eption . you do this for I , I guarantee you a clean id and a ticket up there . all you have to do be walk inte a house and use the mo bay . bingo , you be cure . max you swear ? spider on my child 's life . once we verify the data , I will give you a one way ride , all expense pay . I will even throw in snack and a drink . spider smile , continue ~ ~ spider ( cont 'd ) sandro will do the surgery , he 's good , we do it right here . but actually ... he xummage through more tech for something . he find it : a hulc suit . a metal exoskeleton that fit to human limb . it look like a clump of steel , a dirt~bike chassis with joint . spider ( cont ’d ) you seem all weak and fuck up , so I have have they install this too , you be already under the knife right ? ensure mission success . he slap the hulc suit . spider ( cont ’d ) shit be hardcore . last guy blinge it up a little , but it run real good , the hulc on second inspecticn have be '' lowrider . '' chrome and sparkle green paint with gang artwork . Max consider . 39 . max E pick the team , I do not want you attack dog turn on I when thing go bad , and small number , just four of we . spider Nah , I be send my own data wrangler , I do not want to fuck this up , brain to brain data be real tough . small number , yeah sure . i'1l1 give you manuel , ball of steel . you want he around . so that 's two plus you . max do you know who the mark be ? spider I get some idea , some rich business guy . max no . I know who it be . I know exactly who it be . spider oh yeah ? who you think ? max John carlyle . spider start laugh . julio look down shaking he head . spider the ceo of biosphere , carlyle ? that 's better than any shit I woulda come up with . Fucking guy built elysium , build they operate system , build the police droid . you aim high son . good job . max yeah . he 's gonna pay . spider okay , you can shoot this motherfucker , stab he , do whatever you want , just do not damage he head , then you plug into he brain , sandro copy the data to you , and bingo . you be sip margaritas on elysium by sunset . 40 . spider start to move , but - ~ max T want another ticket . Max point at julio . spider slow . spider and if I say no ? max gocd luck find somebody else . spider look at Max , know it 's non-negotiable . spider alright . two ticket up there . thirty minute , downstairs . spider leave the room . julio you can not seriously be consider this . max you know a faster way to get up there ? jelio have no answer . Max get close to he . max ( cont 'd ) this be it , man . this be we ticket . ext . spidbr n's lair ~- night gangster mill about . laugh . smoke spliff . a bevy of young favalitas flirt with they . we see a wiry gangster manuel among they . the fat guard sit with he ak47 . frey approach the lair . she wear a hoodie over she nurse 's uniform . she pull out a crumpled piece of paper with a address . she look up at the lair and triple check the address . she watch the seedy patron of spider ' 's world . she reach into she pocket and pull out a wad of cash . it 's clasped together with a rubber band . she look down at it . and then put it back in she hoodie . one of the tatted thug suddenly spot she . he be swigging from a tequila bottle . thug hey , hey baby . 4i. frey turn away . thug ( cont 'd ) i be not see you around , hey where you go ? come back here . he start walk after she . he grab she arm . thug ( cont 'd ) I say .... where you go ? she try to tug she arm loose . frey please . just let go . thug c'mon , do not be like that . I can be real friendly . manuel see what 's happen . manuel hey ! Marco , let she go . prey rip she arm free and briskly walk away . the thug laugh and hold up he tequila . thug what ? I just want to talk . as frey turn , she see a silhouette in one of the window of the lair . it 's max . they eye meet . she 's not surprised to see he in this criminal world . she lower she head , and walk away . he watch she go in she uniform , the one clean thing in this dark , dirty world . int , elysium - rhode house - day reode enter she house . a ridiculous palatial mansion . she put she key down on the marble center island . she toss she jacket over a chair as she walk out to -- ext . rhode house - day Rhodes walk by the marble and granite infinity pool . her two little daughter sit on the grass play with doll . girl 1 hi mommy ! rhode hey sweetie . 42 . girl 2 how be you day ? reode tt be ... difficult , sweetheart . girl 2 do you want to play ? rhode in a minute . mommy 's get to make a call first . she sit down at a patio . her daughter go back to play on the grass in front of she . she dial into she wrist device . rhode ( cont ’d ) I hope I be not intrude . but we need to talk . int . biosphere factory - ceq ofpice - day carlyle stand in he office . Rhodes be visible , a image project in front of he . carlyle no intrusion . go ahead . rhode I have have a bit of a setback . carlyle what ? what happen ? rhode I have lose certain executive ability . if we be go to pull this off , we need to do it soon . extremely scon . carlyle look over at a computer server array . carlyle what do you think I have be do dewn here ? you think I enjoy spend time on Earth ? I '' go as fast as I can , believe I , but if you want to control a entire mainframe , you need to get it | right . now , when 's the soonest you i can get down here so I can hook : you biometrics into the program ? of ey rhode t be afraid that 's not go to be possible . there 's no time . carlyle Weil I do not feel comfortable move this data if it 's not wire to you . that 's a blank cheque , it 's too risky . rhode unfortunately , that 's how it 's get to be . I need you here in 12 hour . carlyle tighten . carlyle I be sorry , Secretary , be that a order ? Rhodes bite down , try to stay calm , respectful . reode lock , you design the original , you nre the genius , I have full confidence you can figure it ont . carlyle well that 's very assure , but it take I decade to make that program , decade , it be build to be impenetrable . this have to supercede that . we be not deal with the gray of politics here , it 's number , code , variable - ~ rhcde all of which be meaningless if 1 can not upload it . so , please , sir , just get it do . click off she headset and watch she girl play iawn . so peaceful , so happy . they smile toward she . her gorgeous husband come out of the house . he hand she a drink and start massage she neck and shoulder . husband you seem tense . she shrug he hand away . rhode tense . m4 g Rhodes rise and join the girl . they play on the grass together , a beautiful happy family . off this tableau ... int . spider 's lair - night julio and Max walk through dark , dirty hall follow spider to a staircase descend deeper into the lair . int . spider ‘s lair surgery - night yhe basement level reom look like a veterinary clinic , cover in graffiti . in the center be a makeshift surgery bed and several stainless steel table of old medical equipment . around the table be three gangster wear green medical apron over baggy pants . one of they pull he mask down to speak . his face be tattoce . he be smoking a joint . he take it out , look at Max . sandro be this the guy ? spider this be he . the other gangster laugh . sandro take a drag . sandro shit , we gonna cut you up real geod , spider play nice , sandro , play nice . and let 's get he a id first . sandro yell back at the guy . sandro ok man , let 's get the chief one of they identification code ! one of the '' surgeon '' hand sandro a device that lock like a nail gun . the end have a laser lens . sandro ( cont ’d ) wrist up , bitch . Max extend he wrist . sandro place the device over it . he click the trigger , the tip of the device burn the id into Max . there be a slight amount of smoke . Max grit he tooth . sandro ( cont 'd ) have to burn it right in there , merge it with the DNA . ( more ) 45 . sandro ( cont ’d ) there you go , chief . now you fit right in . like you be bear there . Max lcok down at the barcode . sandro ( cont 'd ) and now for the real fun . sandro hold the small data port in he latex glove hand . he taunt Max with it . Max do not respond . he just start take off he shirt . slow , steel . resolved , montage - max be naked in a tile recom as they hose he down . his hair be shave . they draw incision line on he bald head . we see computer monitor of vital and internal image . sandro ( cont 'd ) move it over to vivisection . max lie on a surgical table . sandro stand over he . the other gangster be get ready . we see cart wheeled in , full of the most godawful look saw and instrument . max when this thing be install , will it hurt ? the gangster laugh . sandro yeah bitch , it 's gonna hurt . a gangster grab Max 's hand and shove a needle in between he finger . Max wince in pain , but do not make a sound . sandro ( cont ’d} yo , Pablo , do you get the bone see down here ? pablo Nah , it 's upstairs man . sandro scream up the stair . sandro yo ! marianna , hey , get the bonesaw . we hear mumble come from up the stair . sandro ( cont 'd ) huh ?i... what !? I can not hear shit , just get the bone see bitch . spider grab he walk stick , he turn to qo . he a spider alright , this be where I leave . Max slowly exhales . a tear run down he cheek as he watch spider go . julio sit in the corner watch he friend . pablo do not cry homeboy . we gonna make you a fuck favela ninja . gangster you gonna be a cold blooded killa . sandro look over at julic . sandro you should take a walk now . julio no , I '1 ]l stick around thanks . he look at Max who look back . Max smile . he give the thumb up . julio nervously smile back . Pov - we see julio ' S silhouette become blurred and fade ... to black . sandro ok ...he 's out ... bring in the endo . a large robotic bone - see come down and saw off the top of Max 's skull like a cap . we look down on Max 's face , he eye close . speck of blood on he chin and neck . pablo alxright ... full cerebral scan ... in aevedewe the image fade out .... ext . favela - plashback a filthy young max sit on the step of a shack . young julio be with he , joke and laugh . a older tougher boy come down the stair with a few other young gang member . Max stop laugh . the older boy slap he across the face . older boy you think this be a joke ? Max rub he cheek . i : i 47 . max no . older boy good. ( take out butterfly knife ) because you ( tap he on the nose with the knife ) need to act serious if you wanna be in we gang . fhe other older kid laugh . older boy ( cont 'd ) now , I want you to go into she reom and steal something . he point up to a shack high on the hill . a young girl leave carry laundry . older boy ( cont ’d ) make sure it 's something that make I believe it 's hers . Max look embarrassed . he leave hold he head down . he sneak up the street . as he get closer to the house , he start stalking , make sure the girl do not see he . he hide himself behind a wall , and sneak into ~ - int . shack ~ day Max creep into the girl 's room . he start look through she stuff . she have very little . he open a drawer in the dresser , a small wear woman 's watch sit alone . he steal it . he turn to leave but ... the girl stand at the door hold the laundry basket look at he . young girl please Max . please . give it back . Max run for it and knock she over as he race away . as he disappear into the hazy favela , we return to .... ex '. spider be latr ~ dawn dog bark , siren on the horizon . the dawn air look crisp . int . spider 's lair a smali window let the morning light in . Max be lie on a garney . his head be bandage . he slowly painfully sit up . the hulc suit servos whine as he move . he feel the aluminium cladd over he body . iv cable dangle . 48 . he look out the window , see kid play with a tatter soccer ball . feral dog . he look up into the morning sky to elysium float peacefully . he slowly raise he hand to he bandage head , he start pull the bandage away . julio enter the room . julio whoa whoa , do not do that , hang on . julio turn to yell up the stair . julio ( cont 'd ) hey hey ! he 's up . julio walk over to Max , look at he . julio ( cont ‘d ) you ok man ? Max shrug . julio ( cont ’d ) dee it hurt ? Max slowly nod . jump cup : a dirty ghetto chick hand Max a glass of water and a handful of pill . girl . they say you gotta take they all . jump CUT : sandro check Max 's eye with a doctor ' 's penlight . spider enter the room . Max be look at the joint where the hulc be bolt through he flesh into the bone . max what be this ...? spider look at he , smile . spider you way out . ext . favela - morning julio stand in the morning light . a cigarette dangle from he lip as he caress the fresh id on he wrist . manuel and sandro lean up against they crime vehicle . they all watch Max come slowly toward they . manuel what 's up , partner ? he go in for a gangsta style shake , Max reciprocate . manuel ( cont ’d ) I be you wingman today , how 's that suit work out for you ? I always want one . surgery scare I too much . but fuck I . that be tight . max where be the gun ? manuel take a final drag , flick the cigarette and pull out he heavy duffel bag . he slam it down on the hood of the car , ungip it and pull out a old ak47 . hand it to Max . max ( cont 'd ) what be this ? family heirloom ? manuet , no no , wait for it . manuel iean into the bag and pull out a few magazine . he pop some of the round out into he hand . they do not look like normal bullet at all , more like miniature tank round . manuel ( con ' T ’d ) aix burst ammunition . he take the gun from Max and hand he the bullet . he lift the AK and show Max a crazy Russian attachment at the end . manuel ( cont 'o D ) designate you enemy ( click button ) and any round you fire will explode around they , five meter kill radius , that shit will fuck you up . Max take the gun and practice hit the button . max emm . yeah , this 's 11 do . Max climb into the gyr and julio hop in the driver 's seat . manuel hop into the pickup while sandro fire up the engine . ext , biosphere factory - day the huge factory pollute the LA sky . int . biosphere factory - ceo office —- day carlyle type fast on he keyboard . his screen flicker : equence complete . int . ccb hq control room Rhodes sit at she terminal in the huge ccb control room . her wrist vibrate . she casually pull she sleeve back revealing a patek phillipe wrist ipod device . it read : ccmplete .... on my way . int . biosphere factory - carlylea office carlyle sit down at the large server array . he open a small usb style socket in the computer . he plug a wire into the socket , he then feel around next to he ear . the same socket exist in he head . a wetware interface . he plug it in . a small blue LED light up next to he ear . monitor : syncing ..... please stand by . he transfer the data to he head . the exabyte counting as it transfer . once complete , he burn the criginal . int . gtr - continuous jolio be sweat , focus on the road . Max grab a walkie . max ( intc walkie } you read I ? int . pick up truck - continuous manuel pick up he walkie . he be wear what look like a fighter jet helmet , with a bulletprcof face - plate . manuel I get you . int . gtr - continuous max here 's the deal , spider ' 's guy scramble the shuttle , so carlyle 's gonna have to drive cut to the launchpad . you get ahead of he ride . then when the time ' 's right , we box he in . pin he down . any question ? none . Max put down he walkie . he see julio sweat . max ( cont 'd ) relax . you will be fine . this be gonna work . julio relax ? shit , you be not nervous at all ? max no . julio well I fuck be , ok ? [ T have not do this shit in year . max slowly extend he newly augment arm . the hydraulic piston hiss and whir , hint at the immense power . he drop he hand down into he lap . look at it . max actually , maybe I be . julio look at he , smile . julio yeah , see you have have this stone cold thing go on since last night . max yeah . I be actually shitting myself . julio laugh . Max smile at he friend , for a moment , they be like kid again . they slap hand . int . carlyle' office ~ day a heavily armed security droid come to the door . security droid Sir , we be have technical problem with you shuttle . we need to drive to the central launch pad . Security be stand by . cariyle stand up , grab he jacket . as they head out , another scary security droid fall into step with they , ext . biosphere factory carlyle 's limc pull out of the dirty factory . the car be a cross between a iraq anti-ied vehicle and a roil royee . on the roof sit a automated 50 cal machine gun . 52 . int . carlyle limo carlyle look out of the bulletproof glass . his judge eye watch the decrepit world of LA pass he by while stock price and commercial play on holographic screen . he see : Burrito stand and beggar . filthy child and feral dog . the limo slow at a stop . a donkey - — draw cart wheel by in front . carlyle look over to see a child at the glass window . Hand outstretch . carlyle turn away . the limo accelerate . more kid , poverty , pollution pass . then suddenly ~- screeeeech . snake 's pickup truck slam its brake up ahead . craaashbh ! the limo dive into the back of the truck . the ger come up behind the limo . julio accelerate and smashes into the limo wedge the gtr against the back bumper of the limo , which be now sandwich between the two car , stop in the middle of the road . int . roll - continuous the Security droid grab they gun . security droid stay down , sir . the Security droid drive try to reverse out , but the wheel spin against the front of the gir . carlyle look out of he window at the horrendous human hijacker . carlyle kill they ! security droid activate remote gun station . we see the 50 cal root gun spin toward the gtr . int . gtr Max pull out he handgun and kick he door open . max here we go . Max open fire on the limo . his bullet ping pathetically off the composite material . the sentry gun spin and face Max . | security droid targeting ... | | 53. the gun open fire at Max , tearing up the hood and windshield of the gtr . Max dive away . manuel hop out of the pickup hold a sledge hammer . he hop onto the hood of the limo and wield the hammer behind he head . he take a massive swing , banggggi he smashes the gun off its turret , it spark and blast to piece . he look through the bulletproof glass at carlyle 's terrify face . manuel smile and tap the glass with the hammer . int . ccb hq control room the giant wall - sereen suddenly flash '' citizen under threa ?. '' Rhodes whip she head over to the wall sereen . ccb agent ma'am , we have a elysian citizen : on Earth under threat . data come up now , it 's a ... J carlyle . all the agent siow , recognize the name . ccb agent 3 my god . extreme close - up of rhode . bead of sweat on she forehead . rhode bring it up , please . the screen pop to a satellite feed of the heist . ccb agent 4 recovery task force have be scramble , mar ’am . en route now . int . ccb armory we see military droid grab gun . jump cut to they hopping on board a shuttle . the shuttle shoot toward earth . int . ccb ho control room Rhodes get up from she desk and walk out of the control room . the agent watch she go . confused . int . ccb ho Rhodes walk through corridor , through airlock . nervously jieok arcund , she swipe into~ - int . ccb armory Rhodes walk into the room full of weaponry and locker . she grab a headset , and dial fast on a wrist computer . ext . landfill los angele —~ day kruger stand on a landfill in LA . he press the receive call on he wrist computer . rhode I have get a situation here . in ? , gtr - continuous Max dive back behind the gtr holster he handgun and get the ferocious AK ready . suddenly , the droid side door of the limo open . the first droid move out like a combat veteran , fire at manuel . it target he face in a millisecond . bang bang . two shot crack he face visor , in what would have be a killshot . manuel drop violently , lock owt through he crack face plate . he return fire in a panicked spray . the bullet ping off the droid 's metal shell . in one motion , the droid leap behind the limo , unclip a grenade and toss it at manuel . manuel you gotta be shitting I . he dive as the grenade go off , send he fly back . Max dodge the shrapnel . fhe droid turn and fire from behind the limo . Max turn the proximity fuze device on . max let 's see how you do against this . Max target and fire a burst in the direction of the droid . ultra slow mo : the droid lift he gun to fire back , but the small bullet come spiraling in , each of they detonate into | miniature airborne claymore . a magnificent shower of gold shrapnel , as the droid be tern to smithereen . sandro duck behind the pickup , he have the laptop connect to he chest armor , boot up . he give a go sign . Max get up and run toward the ravage limo . julio run around the back of the pickup , breathe heavy . 55 . manuel rise , gc for the pickup truck . Max look over at sandro who be hold a laser device . max ( cont 'd ) go go go ! cut it open ! sandro jump out with the laser . manuel cover he . sandro lift the beast cf a laser and aim at carlyle 's door . a bright red circular target be project onto the door . max ( cont ’d ) hit rv. sandro press the trigger . fiizg4 . the entire door area be melted free in a millisecond , the shape of laser cut across door and body alike . the huge steel plate clang onto the road , smoking , leave carlyle expose , drench in sun . suddenly the opposite side door open and the second security droid hop out with amazing specd . brrrr , he fire a burst straight toward manuel . manuel dive behind the pickup . he flip the visor down on he helmet . it syne with the camera on he gun . the droid keep fire at manuel , but -- manuel stick the barrel of he gun around the pickup . he see the droid in he visor , and he unload on it , shredd its mechanical leg . as it go down , it lunge at sandro , hurl its legless torso at he , grab the laser device . they wrestle with it violently , suddenly it go off aim at the pick - up truck . the beam slice the truck in half flipping one half with glow red edge over , almost onto manuel . manuel fire wildly at the droid , chew the entire area to shred . bullet fly dangerously close to everyone . max ( cont 'd ) do not hit the mark ! manuel hold he finger down , the 1000 round mag shredd the street , pinging the limo . hitting carlyle in the chest . max ( cont 's D} nolll ! Max aim and pull the trigger , cliek , gun jam . max ( cont ’d ) fuck ! Max toss the jamme gun and leap up toward the droid . the enhance power of the suit thrust he through the air . max ( cont 'd ) jesuuusssss ! ee come flying across and body - check the droid , rip it away from sandro , tear the laser out of its grip . Max and the droid smash up against the limo and struggle with one another , thousand of pound of pressurise hydraulic piston wrestle , suit versus droid Max slam the droid up against the limo , use all of he new synthetic might , he tear the head of the droid off its _ shoulder . oii and lubricant spray everywhere . ee toss the upper metal carcass into the weeda . carlyle lie slump in he seat , gasp for air . int . ccb armory Rhodes brief kruger via headset . rhode there 's a package of utmost secrecy be transport in the city right now . Problem be some thief be try to hijack it . kruger what be it ? racde that 's classified . kruger no no no . you do not call a recently deactivate agent to retrieve data . I be betting the government do not know it exist . be I right ? silence . kruger ( cont 'd ) Tam right . which mean it 's illegal . which mean this job be undocumented . which mean I can ask for whatever I want . reode look , we do not have much time , there 's a recovery task force head to earth now . you need to recover this data before they do . you understand ? i kruger towant a fresh clean slate . rhode Fine . rruger New name , new citizenship number . 1 want that , that other ... issue to go away . you understand ? rhode Fine , yes , . kruger good , T want a mansion of my choose . and ... want to bring a human back , I want the bring a human from barth , and I want custom to look the other way . none of that bulishit like before . rhode pine , do ... I have commission two of you old agent . off the book . they should be at you position in thirty second . kruger watch a viol ravsn fly toward he . kruger send I the mission data . kruger click he wrist off . he casually take out a tactical blade . ye carve out the citizenship chip in he wrist . he pull the chip out and throw it inte the weed . the raven slow and hover , blow garbage . it gently touch down . like a cress between a osprey helicopter and a space - ship , it look sleek and lethal . two special force elystan tough guy drake and crowe greet kruger . he toss he bag into the raven . kruger ( cont ‘d ) drake , crowe . howsit boy ? they smile as he climb aboard . drake lekker , boss . good to see you . 58 . ext . los angele landfill the raven accelerate , blast the garbage and litter beneath it as it gain altitude . ext . los angele street julio keep he eye open , look around the area as Max and sandro run up , manuel keep watch too . waving people away . Max lean into the limo , gun draw on the ruthless ceo . Max watch he as he breathes shallowly , he lung puncture . max tell I . how do that feel ? int . limo sandro climb in . he frantically pull out the router cable . sandro we be fuck for time . carlyle see the data router . he lift he finger and feel the data pert on he own head . with he other hand -- he suddenly pull a gold plate desert eagle out of he jacket . Max and sandro watch in disbelief as — — carlyle lift the gun to he own head . carlyle you can not , you can not have it -- he be about to pull the triqger when Max slap the gun away . bang ! it fire , blow a hole in the seat . max you do not get off that easy . sandro pass a long usb - like cable to Max . sandro ok , plug this into he . Max grab carlyle 's head , force the data flap open at the back and stick the cable into the port . sandro pass a second cable lead out of the data router to Max . sandro ( cont ' D} ck , and this into you ... Max plug the cable into he own data port . sandro furiously hit key on he computer . sandro ( cont 'd ) synce . e&t . lemo - continuous julio be get nervous , eye tick , finger tensing . int . limo ~ continuous Max watch carlyle , as sandro type on the keyboard . max i'm go to let you bleed ont . carlyle struggle to form a sentence . carlyle you ... you have not idea ... what you have do . sandro ok , we be synce . his finger hit the transfer button . the blue led on both of they head light up like ipod . we see the data bar start copying on the small router sereen . sandro ( cont ’r ) come on , baby . we hear the whine of jet turbine . sandro look out of the window to see the raven approach . sandro ( cont 'd ) fuck I . tat tat . julio pire at the raven on the horizon . julio we gotta go , we gotta go right now ! int . limo Max look at the data screen , bead of sweat drip . 90 % 91 % 92 % . he look up at the income ship . closer , closer . we cut to the data screen : 94 % 95 % 964 ... int . ccb hq control room a agent watch warning come up on he terminal . 60 . ccb agent 4 the assailant be initiate a data heist , they be synce now . rhede clenches she jaw and crunch back into she chair . casually lift she wrist . and speak under she breath . rhode they have the data . int . raven the open deor of the raven feel like a Vietnam era huey , terrain of Los Angeles fly by at 400 kph . kruger hear : rhode ( in earpiece ) repeat . the thief have the data . destroy the original . kruger get it . int . limo sandro watch the screen intently . sandro c'mon baby ... almost there ... beep . the data screen flash : transper complete . max did we get ip ? sandro hang on ! he type inte the data port , start shaking he head . sandro ( cont ' D} fhere 's a error , I can't read the data . something must be corrupt . max what ?! manuel lean in , hold he massive gun . manus it 's no good ? sandro the data be fucked . she the 61 . manuel take off . sandro look out the window at the income raven . it 's bear down now , bigger and bigger . sandro ( cont 'd ) T be bail . Max grab he shirt . max no ! you can not go ! I need that data , that 's my ticket ! the whine of the raven turbine be now thunderous . sandro puck you , do not touch I -- max we go through all this shit , bo if again ! sandro break Max 's grasp and run out . max ( cont 'd ) come back here ! julio watch the extremely close raven . he lean into the car and grab Max by he backpack . julio we need to get out of here ! ee drag Max out of the car . max i need the data ! lemme go ! Max look back at carlyle who be lose consciousness . inf . ccb hq control room the satellite feed play on the huge screen , a alarm beep . citizen in critical state scroll across the sorsen , ccb agent 4 recovery team be almost there mar ’am . ext . space we see the shuttle whip by toward earth . ext . los angele as sandro run , the deadly raven finally get right on top of they . the turbine blow debris all over . Max try to run , but he collapse . he clasp he head in pain . julio run over to he . try to lift he . julio come on man ! get up ! Max clasp he head like a migraine . x the data create an_ epileptic white static in he head . julio try to drag he . julio ( cont 'd ) come on ! int . raven kruger lean out of the door , see Max clasp he head , he see sandro run like a trap rat , manuel close behind . kruger pull a laser designator off he wrist computer , he shine it on sandro . beeep . kruger tag , you be it . ext . los angele sandro slide two beretta handgun down they rail and into he palm . he spray the entire area between he and the raven . the hail of bullet splinter around Max . int . raven kruger calmly take cover inside the ship for a second . his hand still out , point the laser on sandro . not even watch he victim , he press a button on he wrist tech . ext . los angele bocogoom !! sandro explode in a blind flash . int . raven kruger I think I get he ! do I get he ? crowe and drake laugh . = crowe yessir , I think you do . | i i i | | | 63. ext . los angele - continuous julio hop into the driver side , screech up to Max . julio let 's gol Max pull himself in . julio floor the car in reverse . int . raven kruger use he laser designator again , shine it on the hoop of the move vehicle . click . he press the button . ext . los angele eooooom !! phe hood of the gfr be bit with the force of a ied . it explode send the vehicle flipping onto its roof . int . ccb hq control room the satellite imagery of kruger flipping the car play to open mouth in the control room . Rhodes watch silently . ccb agent 4 Jesus . who the hell be that ? a tracking program on the huge screen read identity unknown . ccb agent phat 's military tech . int . gtr the upside - down interior be smoky , fill with break glass , flame . Max come to . he can baxely fit through the crush window , he use he jaw - of - life pewer to crumple the car like a coke can . he drag a unconscious julio out to safety . ext , los angele fhe raven descend , hover a few foot off the ground . kruger hop out , and start walk to the amoke wreckage , watch Max pathetically try to save he friend . suddenly , another blast of static pain grate through Max 's brain . he scream , hold he head . Max can see the blurred figure of kruger come . he staqger to hie foot . like a drunk in a bar , he clamber for a grip on the concrete . Max pull out he gun . kruger deliberately draw a large , lethal knife . 64 . before Max even have time to realize what happen , kruger disarm Max , grab he in a jiu jitsu position and stab the huge blade into he kidney . Max howl and drop . kruger and now my friend ... I be go to cut off you head . kruger get ready to lop off he head , but suddenly julio fire a burst of bullet at kruger 's side . kruger evade the bullet and sweep the gangster 's foot out from under hin . Max see he friend go down . Max start fumble the magazine out of he gun , try to put a new one in . max get it together get it together . julio take one last shot at kruger . he miss . and -- whhm . kruger drive he knife through julio 's chest . max ( cont ’d ) nooc0g00000000 ! Max stand up and click the magazine in place , he cock the gan and fire a fresh batch of . fuz ammunition at kruger . but kruger drop he sword and pull a device off he chest armor , it be a deflector . as he click it on , a faintly visible force - field surround he . bang bang bang , the lethal round explode around kruger like guy fawk , but they be violently deflect . the force of the bullet be still enough that kruger stumble , daze , like be shot in the chest wear a bulletproof vest . Max turn and run back to he friend , roll he over . nothing . a pool of dark blood spill out . max ( cont 'd ) no no ... nooescceoo ! he look around in desperation , look over at kruger who be steaming , rise again . Max look back at julio . he look over the see the recovery task force ship come in fast . max ( cont ’d ) please , julio , come on man ! but julio 's eye flutter .. dead . Max rip himself away from he best friend , pain , limping as fast as he can . 65 . kruger stagger to he foot . the raven descend for he to climb aboard . he look at carlyle , as the wheeze ceo gasp a few remain breath . kruger aim he gun , and -- bang ! he shoot the billionaire in the middle of he head . ext . favela - dusk Max run , clasp he stomach . he dart between old shack . he turn back to see kruger climb aboard the raven . ext . los angele as the raven take off , the smaller recovery shuttle touch down . kruger watch as the droid start to leap out . kruger good luck ! the droid move fast , gun draw . they run to carlyle and begin treat he like paramedics . a droid slam a hypedermic of adrenalin into he . nothing . he 's dead . droid citizen have sustained irreversible damage to multiple brain area . time of death e-est 17:45 . on ccb screen : citizen deceased . ext . favela outdoors Max limp and struggle through the run-down favela . he hear the whine of the raven behind he . a single old woman lead a pack of mangy donkey . she stop when she see Max . he can barely walk . he drop to one knee , try to keep move . the gld woman look the blocdy gangster up and down . cld woman policia ? Max look at she with speck of blood on he face . nod . she wait a beat , hearing the sound of the raven . she slowly walk the pack of filthy beast toward he and completely cover he . Max lie on the dirt between the horse hoof . the raven appreach , hover low over the street . 66 . int . raven drake work a monitor as it scan all the face in the area . we see the target system scan the surroundings , instantly acquire the Old woman and a small herd of donkey . everything show up in thermo as a hot white blob . drake nothing sir , not show up here . ext . favela ~ dusk we see Max hide under the hoof , the jet wash overhead howling , dust swirl . he blink hard , and ... the raven leave the area to search other place . Max watch it disappear . so do the Old woman . she click she tonque and casually lead the animal away , not even look back . Max look down at he wound . he slowly pull himself up , need serious medical attention . he know where he 's go . int . hospital ~ dusk frey put down a bundle of medical form and stack they in a filing case , she punch she time card , do for the night . int . pediatrics ward - night frey go into Matilda 's small area and pull the curtain shut sealing they in . she check all the medical detail , and run diagnostics on the machine link to she daughter . then frey caress she daughter 's hair , and gaze at this peaceful child . slowly , Matilda wake up . prey hey sweetie . ' matilda i hi. t : frey so , remember how mommy say we could go home when you get better ? matilda be I bettex ? can we go ? i frey nod . Matilda start to sit upright excitedly . prey whoa , easy , remember we have to be slow , take it easy . 57 , frey start undoing the medical gear , force a smile . ext . los angele ~ night Max hobble through a shanty town . fire burn . he see the dilapidate hospital up ahead . he keep limping . int , pediatrics ward - night frey gently take cut the iv from she child 's arm , lean forward and give she a kiss on the forehead . frey i'm go to get the car , I all be right back , ok ? ext . los angele - night kruger 's raven hover over the city . the blanket of light twinkle under the vtol jet . int . raven kruger lean over a series of monitor . all flir infrared . the image be scan every single person . he whisper : kruger where be you , peasant ? kruger walk through the jet over to the control center . kruger ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's get surveillance up . Three surveillance uav ( unman aerial vehicle ) take off and fly into the favela . they look like metal bird of prey _ with high - tech camera fix into they head . T. raven the camera feed from the uav be visible on the monitor . kruger okay , let 's contain this fucker . put up a jam signal across the whole city . drake type into the keyboard . we see the satellite dish and radar array on top of the raven fire to life . the satellite dish orient themselves and lock in . drake grid be up , sir . int . spider n's lair spider sit at a terminal eat crisp out of a bag . the wall screen suddenly go red with a warning : signal jam . spider what the hell ...? they put up a net . Ground all we flight ! the techie gangster check command on computer . a techie slam he keyboard and lift he hand in the air . techie we be lock ont . the whole system 's down . spider lcok stunne , confuse . ext . los angele street ~ dusk Max hobble through people , on the verge of death . no one seem to care about he . he get closer to the hospital . but he see : a cop stand at the entrance . Max limp forward , the cop seem to be look away , the huge glass door open . disease people bustle in and out . one of kruger 's uav fly overhead , come in low like a hawk stalking its prey . Max see it , and take cover under a garbage dumpster . the uav pass right overhead , the Little propeller kick up leave and dirt as it hover . once satisfied , it take off to search the next area , Max get up , he watch the cop with eaqle - like focus . he move over to the side of the hospital . struggle with the pain , he look through the window . he catch a glimpse of : frey as she walk in the opposite direction . Max use all of he energy to walk in that direction . he head down a alley , hold onto the wall for support . he try to walk more , but he collapse onto a knee . max c'mon ... get up . Max look down the alley . a rear exit door be visible . max ( cont 'd ) c'mon motherfucker ... get up ! be force himself onto shaky leg . he stumble forward a few pace and collapse completely , smash over garbage . he roll onto he back . he lie still , look up into the sky . he can see elysium . it 's never feel sc far away . int . hospital - night frey head down a corridor toward a door . she swipe she id tag and the door buzze . she open it and walk out into - ~ ext . hospital alley - continuous frey head for the garage , but she hear -- max frey ... frey stop abruptly , spin and look down amongst the garbage . Max lie curl up in blood . he raise hig hand . max ( cont ‘d ) please ... frey lock at he wound and the unbelievable stitches at the back of he head . prey Max ? my god , what happen to you ? let I get the medic . she head for the decor . max nol. ( cough ) no please ... do not go . frey you need serious help , Max . max ioca not . they will kill I . please . I come here to find you . you have to help I . frey shake she head . frey there be people in triage who can help you . much better than I . I ... F can not get involved in you oxime . 70 . max please ... they 's 1l find I . frey , I be begging you , please ... do not go in there . frey look at Max , he wound . frey i'm sorry , EI can not get involved . you need sericus attention . max not ... not in there . he cough . frey look at he , conflict . frey you have get to go through the system to get treatment . I can get the paramedics out here to carry you in . it can help you , Max . let I . max no. ( weakly ) please . I come here for you . I need you , frey ... frey rise and walk away from Max . she look straight ahead , but then stop abruptly and look back at he , this die man in a dirty alley . as she make she decision ... int . ccb hq Rhodes walk towards we , leave the control room corridor . in front of she be the protocol room . two armed droid stand on either side of the airlock . Rhodes walk between they . she swipe she card and walk into the security airlock . she type a cede and the second door cpen . int . protocol room the room be cylindrical and glossy . house the most important computer in elysium . Rhodes walk across a glass floor . barth be fully visible under she foot as she walk to a central server database in the middle of the room . she put she hand on the biometric reader . overhead voice recognize . Secretary R rhode . Rhodes look around nervously . reode E need all file from biosphere ceo J carlyle move to my data cluster . overhead voice negative . you do not have clearance . the door suddenly open . rep patel step in . rep patel Rhodes . rhede turn , surprised to see he . rhode do not you have some fundraiser you should be attend ? rep patel I be assume because you be in intelligence you know that the weapon assign to you attack - dog kruger be use at that crime scene today . Rhodes lock back at he defiantly . rhode okay . they both stare at one another . rhode ( cont 'd ) do you actually have something to say ? or can I get back to look for this criminal . rep patel perhap Secretary ... you be look in the wrong place ? rhode tf you have something to say , just say it . Patel look into she eye . a beat . Rhodes turn and leave . the politician watch she ge . ext / int . prey house - dusk a small house with burglar bar . look like a rough neighborhood . but at least it 's a house and not a shack . 72 . prey knock the front door open with speed . she help Max ingide . she dump he onto a couch . he 's barely conscious . the room be bizarre , part house , part hospital . max be we .... in you house ? frey stop talk . frey go outside and come back with Matilda in she arm . she put the little girl down in she room . frey ( cont 'd ) try and sleep , honey . matilda I want to see the man . what 's wrong with he ? frey do not answer . she go back to Max . there 's a hospital gurney in the corner of the room . she put a new sheet on it . max it 's like a... hospital . frey helpe he over to the gurney and lift he leg onto the bed . frey start move faster , he situation deteriorate . she grab heart - rate monitor and medical equipment . she link they up to Max with lightning speed . she rip off he heavy tactical webbing , grab medical scissors and cut he shirt off , revealing the knife wound . frey my god ..... he try to push the wound area shut with he hand . aut become weak , he hand slide away and flop off the table . frey ( cont ’d ) Max . this be a life threaten wound . you need to put as much pressure on it as you can okay ? help I out here . max ok . Max 's eye begin to roll back in he head . we hear the heart vate monitor suddenly flatline .. , bbeeeeeeeeep . na 73. frey race into another room and come back with electric defibrillator . she jump-start he heart . again . again . beep ...beep ... she look panicked and ...... beepbeepheepbeep , he heart start . frey exhales , know Max will make it . she look at he . his head lie peacefully unconscious . we slowly push in on max's face . it blur . ext . los angele favela — flashback young max and young julio and other child play in a city fire hydrant . they laugh and throw water at one another . Max climb up onto the top of a concrete wall . lying in the sun . Young julio sit down below he . julio what you do ? max think . julic Bout who you can mug ? the other kid laugh . Max squint into the bright blue sky . he see elysium glint in the sunlight . although several hundred thousand kilometer away , it be huge in the sky . max T '' go to live there . julio and the other kid laugh . julio you be not go to live there , slum rat . max yes I be . I be gonna be somebody someday . ~ julio you think we will still be friend ? Max turn and leok down at julio . max yeah man , always . they slap hand , the same way they do before the heist . int , frey house - early morning Max wake up . he wince in pain . he feel he neck , it 's neatly bandage . he leok down to see he stomach bandage . frey stand at the entrance of the room sip coffee . she icok as though she have no sleep . Max delicately put he hand on the bandage where the wound be . max thank you . frey nod as she sip she coffee . max ( cont ’d ) you always see I at my best . frey the blade go into you kidney . max you live here alone ? frey tt 's a very serious wound Max . but the more serious part be ... you kidney be already fail . the wound will be okay , that do not concern I as much . the real problem be whatever this be . she point to he entixe body . frey ( cont 'd ) I have never see anything like it . you be okay now because I pump enough med into you body that you could get hit by a train and walk away . but you organ be fail , one after the next . you body at only have a few day before it just stop run . max a few day ? frey at the very most . Max harden , snap back to reality . he slam he fist down hit a tray of surgical utensil . frey go to pick they up . max I be sorry , I be ... 75 . another voice ring out from the next room . mapilda ( 0 ,s. ) mommy ? Max realize he 's look at drawing on the wall , a kid 's painting of a girl in a field of blue flower . suddenly Matilda enter the room . she hold a tatter doll . the little girl be clearly very sick , small iv 's still attach to she wrist . her hospital bracelet visible . matilda ( cont 'd ) this be the man ...? prey his name be Max . mommy know he when he be just you age . max helle . Max hold out he hand , along with its hulc stainless steel knuckle duster . max ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? Matilda look away from he and nuzzy into she mom 's chest . max ( cont ’d ) too formal I think . the whole handshake . prey baby , go watch cartoon , I all come lie with you soon soon , ck ? Matilda leave the room , she stop at the door and give Max a evil eye . he lock kind of worried . frey get up and close the door gently . ¥rey stand there a moment . frey ( cont 'd ) Matilda ..... be she name . max she 's beautiful . like you . who 's she father ? where be he ? frey Dead . ran around with the same kind of guy you do ... look , Max , I help you . now I need you to help I . frey get closer . frey ( cont 'd ) she 's in the final stage of leukemia . I need to get she up there . up to elysium . Max lock at she , surprised . max and you think I can help ? prey well ... you know who to talk to , right ? T mean you be still involved in crime obviously ? max obviously ? what be it with you ? i have be -- prey keep you voice down - — max itve be try to live like a decent person , ok ? I have be do the right thing , and this , this be what I get for it . he motion to he wound , he body . prey look Max , I do not care how you get here , I really do not . but you be here now . and you have to help my daughter . I have save up enough to get she a ticket up there and a id ... but I do not have enough for I , so you have to take she . take she with you and heal she as soon as you land . then when I have enough , I 'il come too . Max lean back in he hespital gurney . max how do you know I be go ? she motion to the id burn inte he wrist . frey that 's not a gang tatt . and 1 see you at spider 's . v7. Max look away from frey . look at the draw on the wall . max you really have enough money ? prey I have enough for she . Max consider . slowly turn he head back to frey . mak yeah . okay . I can help . frey fhank you ... ( she put she hand on he arm ) thank you . max can T get up ? frey yes . I need to get you some more supplies from the hospital . I will not be long . can you watch she ? max yeah . frey stand , tighten she sweater . she start to go , stop . frey max ... he look at she . she try to hold back she emotion . frey ( cont ’d ) i think you be send to I . that 's what I think . he have no response . he watch frey leave the house . int , frey house — later Max stand , look at himself in the mirror . he inspect he body , look at the scar . he run he hand over the bandage . he move in close to the mirror look at he own face . suddenly he have a mini seizure . the searing white light . the migraine . his head want to explode . he collapse down onto the ground . breathe heavy . his finger run up to the wetware socket in he skull , he feel it . like a usb plug in he flesh . max gcddamn son of bitch . he smashes some medical paraphernalia that rattles about the room . he lie there . defeat . head sideways against the wall . breathe slowly . eye shifting as he think . his eye slowly focus . and he get up . int . live room - continuous Max quietly enter the live room . Matilda lie sleep on the couch . he watch she for a beat and then ... int . frey 's room - continucus Max walk into frey ' 's room . he pull open she cupboard . start look through she stuff . shoe box . drawer . fast jump cut as he quietly rip the room apart . finally he find a small box with a ballerina on it . he open it . we see a ton of money clump together in neat bill . he put the box down on the dresser and sit on she bed . he look at himself in the dresser mirror . stare at himself . he suddenly grab the money and count it . a beat . max thank you god . he put he hoadie on and bury the money in a pocket . he quietly walk out of frey 's room into -- int . frey house - hall Little Matilda be stand in the hallway . matilda where 's mommy ? max she will be back in a minute . matilda you have bandage . she point to she own bandage on she arm . max oh , yeah . we both have they . the two stand awkwardly . she have a book in hand . 73. matilda do you want to hear my story ? max you what ? matilda my story , it 's about a meerkat . max a meerkat ? matilda he be hungry . but he be small . so small . and the other big animal have all the food , cause they can reach the fruit . so he have to watch they eat all the nice food and berry cause he so small . Max feel the money behind he back . matilda ( cont ’d ) so he make friend with a hippopotamus , so he can stand on the hippopotamus to get all the fruit he want . and they eat all the fruit together . Max just look at she . max yeah , I wish that 's how it end . matilda it be , that 's how the story end . max not in the real world , kid . ( move for the door ) be right back , ok ? before she can answer , he 's out the door . he close it behind he . pause there . conflict . then he walk away . ext . los angele street - day Max move quickly down the road , but stop when he see : a uav come toward he , scan . max fuck . the uav spot he . it relay the info to -~- bo . int , raven crowe see the flash Light on a monitor . crowe Sir , I think we get he kruger whip he head over . he see a shot of Max from the uav . the computer facial recognition software id 's he . kruger there you be . ext . los angele the hover raven drop fast down to the city . ext . los angele street Max move fast , try to lose the uav , it fly over he , for let he out of its sight . Max dive under a concrete overpass to a highway . we hear the uav hover and scan . Max crawl under the narrow overpass , and get away on the other side . max Christ ! leave I alone ! Max grab basebali-sized rock and start hucking they at the uav , miss , miss , then ping ! he crack one of the propeller . it dive onto the ground and bounce down a filthy embankment . max. scramble away . ext . los angele — day the massive raven fly down . int . raven - day kruger grab a gun off the weapon rack and load it . drake and crowe arm up behind he . int . frey house - day frey come into she house carry medical supplies . frey throw the key on the table and freeze . she slowly look around at the mess . drawer cut . clothes on the floor . matilda mommy . the man leave . frey no ...no no no ... t { ; t ' I al . she run into she room . she be about to look in the drawer when she see the box with the ballerina sit on the dresser . she pick it up very slowly and open it . frey collapse down the side of the bed onto the floor . prey ( cont ’d ) stupid stupid stupid . Matilda be stand at the door . matilda what 's wrong ? frey use every ounce of strength to hold herself together . prey nothing baby . come here . she hug she kid , tear form in she eye . ext . spider nos lair ~ day Max arrive cutside the laiz . we notice a unusually large number of people pile up . throng of they , on crutch , in wheelchair , sick , die . Max move past they . int . spider n's lair - continuous Max walk down the corridor , sweat bead off he forehead . it 's loud and cramme with people shouting . Max check each room as he pass , search for spider . ¥inally he reach the main room . spider look over at he . spider oh god ( moeckingly } somecne call the police . Jesus , that 's the last time E send you on a mission . could you have fuck up any worse ? Max try the walk right in . a bodyguard attempt to stop he . Max effortlessly choke he out and toss he into the hall . Max march right up to spider . max you need to get I up there , now . spider bullshit , manuel say the data be fuck . no data ... no ticket . now get the fuck out , and go downstairs so they can take back my suit . a 2 . Max slam ail the money down on the table . max $ 0 . it 's all there . spider look at the roll of cash . spider where do you get that ? max who give a shit ? put the fuel in the jet . let 's go ! spider we can not . Max shake he head , the word do not register . max phat 's the right amount ? that 's a one way ticket . fuck we other deal ! spider pick up the cash and hand it back to Max . spider the . .. flight ... system ... be jammed . Max stare blankly at spider , desperate . max I ...f gotta get up there . spider join the club . I do not mean to be blunt but you need to get the fuck out of here . I need to see if we have a hope in hell , which I personally do not think we do , of ever get back online . Max collapse forward , hold he head . he instinctively feel the data port scar on he head , rub they , in total frustration and anguish . spider ( cont 'd ) what happen out there ? Max do not seem to hear he . spidsr ( cont ’d ) answer I . how do you manage to get everyone kill ? and corrupt the data . . i i i 83. max corrupt ? corrup ?t !? they come look for I because of this fuck data . spider what ? max some kind of ccb hitman come after I . Said he be go to CUT off my fucking head . for data which accord to you be apparently fuck useless . explain that , genius . Max start hit the side of he head . max ( cont 'd ) this ! this ! stuff in my head . code , number , protocol , every time I think of it , I see it in my eye , like a fuck nightmare ! he force he thumb into he eye , as if try to stop a migraine . spider look at he . spider that 's .... how can that be . spider look back at the monitor flash no fly initiated . he turn back toward Max , put the piece together . spider ( cont ’d ) we have to see what 's in you head . max what ? spider I think we may have cause this . spider hobble over to a computer console , grab a long cable and try to plug it into Max 's head . Max siap it away . spider ( cont 'd ) listen , Max ... if they be hunt you , do not you want to know why ? Max consider . the word resonate . he lower he hand . spider plug in . he fire up a program and the computer scan Max 's head . huge monitor display billion of line of code . spider ( cont 'd ) my god ... max what , what be it ? spider be speechless . he turn to leok at Max . spider they will hunt you to the edge of the earth for this . he slump back in he chair , stunne by the discovery . max what be it ? spider we could make every human a citizen of elysium . vhat code give we the power to run they whole system . Max look down , hold the money he steal . max human could live there ? legally ? Medical ? all of it ? spider yeah . but I do not give a shit about that , have a nice house , whatever . I care about the larger picture ... we control they . max how the fuck do we do that ? spider well ... we fly up there , break into the central server and upload this into it . this data let we take control of every single biosphere droid . they have no military , no police , they only have this droid . which mean , I control they , I control elysium . Max look at he max break into the mainframe ? | spider yes . 85 . max the one in elysium ? the most protect in the universe ? ( chuckle coldly ) if you want to kill yourself , go right ahead . do not expect I to go . spider hobble closer to Max . spider listen kid , I can appreciate that you do not have the capacity to understand how important this be . but you have to try . max no . you be the one who do not understand . Max stand up aggressively . max ( cont 's D} I do not give a shit about you suicide mission . I just need a ride up there . you be a taxi service to I . get it ? you be a fuck bus . Max throw the chair out of the way and start leave . spider you selfish sonofabitch . you hold the key to flipping the whole system , and you do not have the ball to man up and do it ! Max rip the door open to leave , we see spider clumsily grab a tiny stamp of technology off he desk . spider ( cont 'd ) hey ! do not you leave ! where be you genna go ? huh ? go curl up under a bridge somewhere ? ycu need I ! spider try to stop Max , he uncoordinate hand feverishly claw for a grip on Max 's chest . however , with a very fast sleight of hand he stick a tracking microchip on Max 's hulc . Max effortlessly push he back across the room , send he erash into table , computer . Max point to he own head , max if they want this thing so fuck bad ? ( more ) 86 . max ( cont 'd ) then they will cut I a deal , they 'li give I what I want . a ticket up there . spider or what ? Max lean down to the knock - out guard , pulis a grenade off he kevlar . he hold up the grenade and point to he head . max or I will blow it up . Max walk out , spider yell from the floor . spider come back here ! you can not give that the they . spider desperately grab for a walkie . spider ( into walkie ) ( cont ’d ) stop he ! int . spider 's lair - various we hear spider be crunchy rt voice echo off gangster 's walky . they attempt to step Max as he leave , but -- he effortlessly take they out , use the super-strength of | the hulc , he metal enhance limb flash in the shadow . Max leave body in he wake . he turn a corner and face : a sea of destitute people . refugees wait for spider to save they . fach one need a ticket to the land of salvation . they look at Max , deep into he eye . a big beat , and ... Max start walk through they . we can hear spider yelling through the open door . spider they will never bargain with you , idiot . you 're a dead man ! Max walk out the front door . the guard know better than to puli a gun on he . he just put he hand up . int . frey house -— day frey tuck Matilda into a bed inside she room . the mess lie about everywhere . frey start clean it up . de 87 . matilda why be you cry ? frey oh , nothing sweetie just a bad day . matilda be it cause of that man ? who be he ? prey he be ..... what I think he be . suddenly , they hear whining jet engine . the sound of the shuttle touch down outside . frey move for the door when -- boom . crowe kick the door open , drake storm the room , gun out . kruger enter behind they . frey ( ccnt ‘d ) what be you -- please no -- crowe violently take frey to the ground , drake go to check room . kruger slowly step toward frey . frey ( cont ’d ) } who be you ? you have no right . leave we alone ! kruger oh ...my my ... we have no right . kruger grab frey by the upper arm , pull she close . kruger ( cont ’d} where be he ? frey . be you look for that criminal ? I hope you find he , I hope you throw he in jail for the rest of he life ! kruger smile , look at he man . kruger lot of anger there , lotaaaa anger there boy . kruger gently feel she hair between he finger . he lift a handful of it and smell . his eye focus over to see matilda . kruger ( cont ' D} and who be this little one ? 88. prey . please . he 's go , just leave we . TI do not know anything , I just help he , he be wounded . kruger silence she by put he finger on she lip . aruger sbhhhh , I know I know ... kruger gently walk over and sit next to Matilda . kruger ( cont 'd ) and what 's you name ? matilda mommy ... frey run over and pick she up . prey please ... you be scare she . drake return to the room . drake there 's no sign of he here , sir , kruger well , that 's alright for now . I have find something else ... kruger motion for they to take frey . crowe grab she . frey not no please ! listen ! Ie de not know anything . I do not know where he be ! he take everything from I ! matilda mommy kruger gently caress the child 's head . kruger there there , do not worry little one . frey leave her alone ! I tell you everything I know ! what the hell do you want from I ? kruger look at frey , smile . a3 . kruger what do I want ? now I want ... ycu . he turn toward Matilda . rruger ( cont ‘d ) both of you . I want a family . ext / int . raven - day the back hydraulic bay door open . kruger 's man drag frey and Matilda inside . frey be force into a seat . a huge chest — restraint bolt she in like a rollercoaster brace . frey please do not do this , please just let we go , I be begging you . kruger ignore she , turn to he man . kruger let 's get . comm up with the embassy team , need fmri scan in twenty . fhe rear hydraulic door seal up . frey look to Matilda . frey it 's ok sweetie , it 's ok . everything 's go to be ok . for the first time , she word be hollow . and the little girl know it . frey reach out , pull Matilda close . bxt . los angele street Max walk fast through the street . suddenly , he see - ~ the shuttle rise up from behind some house . Max begin yell , wave he arm . max hey ! hey !! I be right here . come and get I , you sack of shit . be realize they be still leave . Max run down the road toward the area where he escape the uav . int . raven — day kruger step close to frey , almost kissing she cheek . 90 . kruger I always want a wife . I never could quite settle down , if you know what I mean . you 'il love elysium , feel right at home .... and you ( to Matilda ) you can have any pet you want . even a parrot . prey try to push he , but she be bolt down by the chest restraint . he violently push she arm back , laugh . kruger ( cont 'd ) you need to have more respect for I , if we be go to be a happy family . brt . los angele - day Max climb down the embankment to find the uav operational in the weed . he lift it up . look into the lens . int . raven - continuous max ’ss face come up on one of the monitor . they can see he yell into the lens but can not hear any audio . drake Holy shit . Sir , you better take a look at this , kruger snap he attention away from frey . he walk over to the monitor . he see Max , then look to he man . kruger turn US around . eat . los angele the raven hover for a second and then rapidly descend . ext . los angele highway - day i Max throw the uay to the dirt . he walk through a line of weed on the side of the highway and leap onto the road . the shuttle approach head on . Max stand in the road . the raven land , weed and garbage spin in its vortex . int . raven - contenuous kruger snap he kevlar vest on , and hit the rear door button , the hydraulic steel door whine as it open . $ 1. ext . los angele highway ~ continuous Max reach into he pocket and pull out the thermal grenade . he pop the pin . hold it close with he hand . kruger emerge from the raven . he walk out into the sunlight towards Max . Max watch he come like a hawk . kruger there 's my favorite human . what 's that for ? I be unarm , my dear . max if you ever want to use this bullshit ( point to he head ) , you be go to do exactly what I say . you understand ? kruger stop walk . they stand face each other . the hot gun beat down on the road . kruger it seem as though you hold the upper hand my friend . step on board and let 's discuss . max bo it lock like I want to discuss thing ?! fly I up there . I need medical attention now . kruger Fine . max you can have whatever this shit be ( point at head ) when I be heal . kruger ok . let 's go . climb aboard partner . kruger point to the doorway of the raven . Max 's eye dart over to the large shuttle and back to kruger . max I swear to Christ , you make one move , I will blow this fuck thing and myself into red mist . kruger nod and smirk . kruger let 's go . let ' 's take you up there to you new existence . ( more ) 32 . kruger ( cont 'd ) leave this terrible latrine of a planet . leave all this behind you . get that horrible irradiate body fix . kruger head for the raven . Max grip he grenade and follow he . kruger walk into the shuttle . Max enter and see ...... frey . Max freeze in he track . his eye transfix on she . as she comfort Matilda , she look at he . tear run down she face . frey what ......... suddenly she demeanor change . she become ice cold . frey ( cont 'd ) you backstabbing bastard . you do this to we — -— kruger cover she mouth , she struggle , only angry muffle sound can be hear , Max stand speechless , stunne . kruger okay , let 's head out boy ! the rear bay door seal up with a hydraulic hiss . ext . los angele the raven accelerate up into the sky at blister speed . int , raven Max still hold he grenade . he sit opposite frey . he look at she without blink . max T be ....2.... F do not ... he turn to look at kruger . max ( cont ’d ) let she go for god 's sake . what che hell do she have to do with this ? kruger turn to Max and smile . kruger well , you two be obviously old friend . ( more ) 93 . kruger ( cont 'd ) please feel free to come round and visit , you can catch up on old time . we have a lovely patio at home . ( icy to Max ) focus on you own problem , son . int . spider 's lair spider hobble over to a computer . a techie operate it . spider ok , where be he ? techie : dust pull it up sir . the tracking point on Max show up as a dot on the screen . techie ( cont 'd ) whoa ... he 's airborne . leave earth sir , bound for elysium . spider look shocked . then snap into motion . spider manuel , Rico , fire up the shuttle . get weapon , get kit . we be go up . int . ccb hq controf room ~- day rhode sit at she desk . her wrist vibrate . she see the number , very calmly and quietly lean forward . rhode do you have it ? kruger protocol be onboard . Rhodes look around to make sure nobody be watch . rhode t'1ll expect you in 19 minute . ext . space fhe raven hurtle toward elysium at 22 thousand kph . int . raven Max watch frey . he attempt to say something . max frey ... she do not look at he . Max glance over at crowe , who stare back , get uneasy in the Zero G. matilda mommy I be scared . prey do not worry , everything 's go to be fine , I promise . she slowly look up at Max . they eye meet . he look away . he grip the grenade so hard he tendon fiex . he look around the craft . and he eye slow on warning logo : '' warning pressurise hull . '' Max look out the porthole at the vacuum of space . he see elysium come into focus . frey look at he . hard , bitter . frey ( cont 'd ) this how you always imagine it ? he say nothing . deeply conflict . suddenly the jet hit the atmosphere of elysium . shake and reverberate through the whole ship . Matilda start crying . frey ( cont 'd ) it 's ok sweetie . it 's alright . kruger go and sit dangerously close to Matilda . kruger tt 's just call reentry . we be about to land . we be home . I promise you , you be gonna love it . Max look out he window . the ship slow , row of gorgeous mansion extend forever . his dream , right there , he look back at frey , Matilda . the child terrify , tear on frey 's cheek . Max blink hard , make a impossible decision . max puck it . he reel back and toss the grenade all the way up to the cockpit . it clink and rolis up to drake . $ 5 . slow mo : kruger whip he head over , he pupil dilate . drake look at the grenade at he foot in disbelief . max ( cont 'd ) ( to frey ) cover you earsill Max be free in he seat , he move fast and grab Matilda . he cover she ear and get into a firm brace position as - ~ ext . elysium booocccooocccom . a massive explosion tear through the raven cockpit . the explosion send the raven scream downward into the mansion , crash into the lawn . ssssssmmmmmaaaaashhhhhheh . frey be shake around violently , scream , but she 's hold by she harness . Max hang onto Matilda for dear life as the impact send everything fly . ext . elystum the raven clip a mansion , blast cement dust out like a meteor hit , it dig into the lawn send clump of dirt and grass hundred of foot in the air . martini sip blysian woman scream and panic , jump cut of they hot tub as the ship tear through they garden . inside the raven : crowe be shake violently in he harness . kruger be unbelt and slam into the cockpit with car - crash speed , smash he head on a steel railing . phe behemoth scrape along , tear up the bel Air style garden , finally smash into a mansion and stop . int . spider 's upload room - day a techie sit watch a monitor . he speak into a mic . techie they just go down on the surface . int . spider 's shuttle we find spider in he own shuttle with manuel and gangster . spider get it ... go faster . 36 . int . ccb hq control room - day Rhodes spin she head around as a alarm ring ingide the ccb control room . the huge wall screen in the ccb display a massive warning : foreign vessel impact , beta quadrant . ccb agent 4 what do you want we to do mar ’am ? Rhodes abruptly stand and grab she coat . rhode scramble a jet for I . ext / int . raven the dust begin to settle . Electrical circuit spark and hiss . Max cough and pull himself upright , the entire raven be on its side , the wall be now the floor . frey hang suspend from the roof inside she harness . frey matilda ! where be she ?? Max find she still in he arm . max ; she 's fine , I get she . : Matilda be cry . matilda mommy ! frey : it 's ok sweetie , it 's ok . ! Max look around the sparking smoke - up interior . he see crowe beginning to stir . Max go to frey , try to get she out of the harness , but --~ it will not budge . he run over to a console of switch and button at the back and hit they , one after the next , accidentally the rear BAY door hydraulically hiss open . sunlight spill inte the smoke- fill interior , along with ash and ember . Fire from the jet fuel burn outside . as Max try to find the button to releage frey , crowe begin to rise . Max look over at he , he look back at frey and violently try to rip the harness open . it will not budge . 97 . max ( to matilda} go go , runt matilda no! mommy : ! frey run , Matilda ! run I all come for you ! gol crowe stumble to he foot . crowe you be dead . prey rrruuunnnn ! it Matilda run out the back into the garden . she hide in the rise bush . slow motion : drake grab he huge smart gun and harness it into a bracket connect to he chest armor . Max dive and grab the neflecpor off a weapon rack . drake 's finger on the trigger . click . Max 's finger on the deflector . click . normal speed : the smartqun unload a ungodly amount of lead at Max , the deafen gun fill the interior with smoke . ultra slow mo : the builet hit the force - field around Max and deflect in all direction , knock Max violently back . crowe keep fire , walk toward Max , never let up . crowe die , peasant . most of the barrage of lead be send out of the raven , tear up the lawn send plume of dirt up . ext . raven the force of the bullet knock Max cut of the raven onto the dixt and the metal subsurface of elysium expose by the crash . despite the violence , as soon as Max make contact with blysium 's surface , the mainframe become aware of he : holographic icon and data popup all around Max : '' deal on hugo boss , '' '' amazon account - not register , '' etc . 98. Max fall on he back , the deflector be knock out of he hand , the force - field go away , Max move like a lightning bolt toward crowe , grab the huge gun while the psycho continue fire . Max use he superior hulc strength and smashes the gun in two over he titanium cover knee . with awesome martial art move , Max grab crowe 's arm , pop he elbow . crowe howl in pain . icon and data pop up , show direction to the close medical bay . Max reach over to crowe 's tactical webbing , pull the pin out of a grenade and kick he back onto the lawn . Max move back inside to help frey , bocoocoom ! a cloud of blood , dirt and grass be hurl into the air behind Max . int . raven - continuous kruger stumble up , very unsure on he foot . frey look at he , tremble with fear . he slowly pull two throw knife . kruger the pain be not real . ext . elystium kruger huris the throw knife with cobra-like snap . but Max move so fast that he deflect the blade in the aix . max c'mon . you can do better . kruger throw a barrage of four , Max smack three out of the air , one dig inte he stomach , he stumble backwards . in the second it take Max to pull the blade from he stomach , kruger draw he katana and come at Max full force . he swing he sword like a drunken pro . Max use the exo-suit on he wrist and shin as steel shield . rlink klink . kruger 's sword be step by Max 's augment limb . but the sheer aggressive onslaught be too much , finally knock Max back to the ground . the maniac stand over Max , put a boot on he chest . kruger I be go to enjoy this . I be go to hand deliver they you head . xruger slowly raise the katana . Max 's finger outstretch , feel for anything , he feel the tactical webbing of the remain of crowe , and then he finger find crowe 's shotgun . a9 . as kruger bring the blade down , with bullet - like speed Max grab the shotgun and use it as a shield . ultra slow mo : the katana shatter like glass , glint piece of titanium fracture and splintering into the sunlight .. twinkle in front of Max 's face . Max spin up and kick kruger so hard , the kick pling kruger back against the raven like a rag doll . the cough wheeze maniac drop the remain of he sword , try to breathe . int . raven ~- continuous frey watch as the violence unfold just outside the ship : Max swing the shotgun up , cock it and step right up to ¥xruger who be now lie propped up against the raven door . Max put the shotgun in kruger 's face . kruger ( weakly ) see you scon ... kruger smile , and lick the barrel of the shotgun . close up : Max 's trigger finger ... click . the shotgun pellet blow kruger 's face off . ext . mansion elysium a elysian father come out cf he house to see Max execute kruger . the man panic . elystan man oh god ! sweetie call immigration , get the kid ! Max drop the gun and suddenly remember frey . he go into - — int . raven - continuous Max walk into the smoky interior , and fire he shotgun at the control panel . boom ! the ship flicker , the harness all snap open . frey be release and fall against the wall . she slump down . Max move toward she , but she push past he . frey matilda ! Matilda race out of the bush , rush up to she mom . frey drop down and hug she little girl tighter than ever . Max turn to the rack of gun in the raven and grab a railgun . he see a medpack on the ammo shelf and grab it . 100 . he run over to frey , about to pull the two girl to safety when he realize the beauty and scale of elystum . frey rise slowly , hold Matilda . the three earthling take a moment . they have never see anything like this before . the stun torus create a horizon that never end . but Max hear something . he snap he head over to see : a homeland defense raven income . max we gotta get out of here . now . he turn to grab frey , she rip she arm away . max ( cont ’d ) look . I know word mean nothing , but T promise you right now if you want to get out of this alive , you have to come with I . please . the homeland defense raven be come in fast . Max grab Matilda and pull frey . they run across the manicure lawn . the smoking wreckage of the shuttle smoulder behind then . int . homeland defense raven ~ continuous Rhodes stand at the open door . immigration droid beer over she shoulder watch the illegal run across the lawn . droid Three suspect , mar ’am . cabin speaker dispense tear gas and net gun . rhode negative . use live ammunition , wound the male , but do not damage he head . kill the other two . droid Roger that , mar 'am . the droid shoulder he smg and fire ! ext . mansion elysium Matilda scream a3 bullet kick up the dirt behind then . they kace up the stair of a palatial mansion . frey try desperately to get into the house . all the door be lock . '' iol . the droid fire again , tear up pot plant and shatter tile . Max turn and fire he railgun at they , hypersonic round tear straight through the raven . rhode duck as splinter of metal shatter through the cabin . pin-prick of light poke through the puncture hull . frey keep try to find a way into the house . max this way ! Max and the girl run along the side of the mansion , and then down stair . the droid fire at they , blow chunks out of the earth , kick up water from the pool . Max turn and fire , he blows one of the droid away . the shattered droid boil across the cabin floor . spark and bolt ping around the cabin . Rhodes protect she head . rhode take he out ! fhe droid man a huge door - gun , and open fire , trimming paln tree with a beam of lead . Max trip and fall , frey turn . max go go ! keep go ! he lift he rifle and take a second to aim . he fire straight into the wing turbine . the engine explode ! the raven immediately begin to lose altitude . Max get up . as he sprint after frey and Matilda , we see the raven smack into the lawn , like a very hard chopper landing . int . raven Rhodes hang on as it slam tc the ground and come to rest . warning alarm blare . Rhodes uncouple herself and step out of the smoke into the sun . she look around for Max . go . ext . mansion Max and the girl keep run across mansion grounds . Max be clearly in sericus pain , struggle . frey look back . ext . mansion elystum rhede walk over to the smoky remain of kruger 's shuttle . she see kruger n's body . she take a moment to look at the sheer devastation . then she hear - ~ 102 , the siow whine of a third raven income . she turn to look at it . she wave she arm , direct it down toward she . ext . elystum mansion Max and the girl break through a perfect hedge . they race up marble step . Max shatter a window and -- int . mansion elysium Max land on the marble floor . frey and Matilda follow . they hear the roar of the ccb raven outside . Max silently peer over the edge of the windowsill . he watch as the raven scream by overhead , depart with Rhodes in it . he watch it disappear , then -- Max start laugh , relief wash over he . Matilda get up and run through the immense house . Max slowly stand . he walk around take it all in . he and prey walk onto a back deck that look out at the magnificence of elysium . Bright flower . shimmer lake . prey I never think it could be so .... max beautiful . yeah . a look between they . they make it . a overhead computer voice begin read feature about the house . it be for sale . Matilda run into the child 's room . matilda ( 0.s. ) mommy ! come and see . frey walk into the child 's room , which be bigger than they house . it be stuff with brand new toy . matilda ( cont 'd ) please can we stay ? Max enter the room . as he look around , we see a flash of he orphanage . we cut back to the room and -— suddenly Max double over in pain . the barcode on he wrist light up for a second as the house scan it . beep . overhead voice running medical scan ... complete . please report to the medical bay at once citizen . multiple organ failure imminent , white blood cell diminish . please report . frey rush over to he . she feel for he vital . frey ch god . she lift he up , he wince in pain . int . ccb ho we follow Rhodes as the ccb droid waik behind she . they carry kruger in a body bag . they move through a door to -- int . ccb armory the large high - tech room be a mixture of equipment and weaponry . two ccb medical droid stand wait . Rhodes wave the droid carry kruger in . they dump the body on a table . recde fix he . the droid pull the bodybag off kruger . his wound seem beyond the point of repair . the medical droid grab plastic package , they break the seal and pour the white powder contain within all over kruger 's destroy face . a robotic ultra-violet light begin interact with the powder . magically we see kruger 's face begin to regrow . as this happen , the droid begin link up iv 's and sensor . start the heart again . get the body back online . mo robot blood flow be look good . the body start breathe , then its eye open . the droid start pull off all the medical sensor . kruger 's face be complete . as good as new . in fact , better . no scar . int . mansion elystum frey help Max into the medical room while Matilda watch . the room look like a hospital mre room design by poggenpohl . there be a medical table . frey knock the flower jar off and put Max down . there one large button . she hit it . a laser scan Max 's fake id . a holographic menu pop up . a choice of cosmetic upgrade . overhbad voice a variety of health upgrade be on offer . we have a sale at the moment in the armani range . please make you selection from the menu . Max look at frey and Matilda . he touch the armani logo . the overhead cover begin come down . close Max inside . ext . mansion elysium spider ‘s graffiti-ridden ship come in fast and land on the lawn outside the mansion . spider hop out . manuel and Rico hop out with he . spider look back into the shuttle . spider fake off , give they some exercise . the shuttle take off behind they and leave . int . mansion elystum spider smashes the door open . he walk inside follow he tracker . it lead he to the mo BAY . he see Max about to be re-atomize and heal . spider , noull spider lunge forward and use he gun to jam the machine from close . he hit the cancel button . max what the fuck be you do ? what be you do here ?! spider you can not do that . not yet . it will destroy the data . max I do not care about you fuck data . i'm dying . do you know what I go through to get here ? i ! i spider please .... if you nre re-atomize now , it all scramble the data . you can not heal yourself , not yet . max be you kid ? get the hell out ! Max try to push he away . 105 . spider will you listen ? there 's another way . there 's another way asshole ! Matilda cry , the fight get to she . frey let 's get you out of here . Max throw spider from the mo bay . spider knock over plant and vase , smash they . Matilda start tremble . frey ( cont 'd ) baby ? hey sweetie ?! max get out ! get the hell we ! fhe gangster point they ak47 at Max . rico I be gonna waste this motherfucker ! spider no ! no !! do not ! Matilda 's eye roll back . she be have a full seizure . frey matilda ? matilda ! ! Max and spider end the gangster all stop and leok at the little girl . prey stand up frantically . frey ( cont 'd ) no ! nott she grab Matilda , rush to the medical bay and put the child down gently . spider be help up by the gangster . frey ( cont 'd ) please god , do not let this happen . she hit the analyze button . there be a loud error beep . overhead voice error , no citizen detect . frey noooo !!! please ! !!! she violently hit the button again . 106 . overhead voice error , no citizen detect , frey start hit the machine . prey please ! she smashes the button again . overhead voice exror , no citizen detect . she look at Max . frey give her you citizen chip ! your arm ! give it to her ! Max look down at the id burn into he arm . spider he can not . it 's code to he DNA . frey collapse onto she knee beside the table . she choke back tear . she stroke Matilda 's hair . prey just hoid on baby , mommy will find away . just hold on . Max look out at the sprawling estate . the manicure lawn extend for age . the magnificent curve of elysium . then he turn back to frey and Matilda . max ok ... ( turn to spider ) if for do this , it all help she right ? spider nod . Max look back down at he break body . max ( cont 'd ) let 's get on with it . int . ccb mo -lab kruger be now alive . the mo bot disengage the cable that suspend he , and he collapse like a marionette . slowly he finger uncurl . his muscle tremble as he rise to nis foot . rruger Christ I hate rehabilitation . 107 . he look around , slowly walk over to a row of sink and mirror . he check out he reflection . rhode do you realize what you nve do ? you crash a ccb vehicle into the bryanston sector ! kruger continue to look at he new face . kruger I hate how new it be . like a baby . reode I hire you to be covert ! you know hew much I have to clean up now ? kruger suddenly punch the mirror . the break glass cascade everywhere . Rhodes seem momentarily shocked . rhode ( cont 'd ) be you listen to I ? kruger take a shard of glass and cut above he eyebrow . rhode ( cont 'd ) that human be run around here now , god know where . we need to get that data out of he head before he realize what he have , or before the administration realize what we be do and hang we both for treason . you understand ? kruger admire himself in the mirror , he fresh scar . ee look more like the old kruger . Rhodes step closer . rhode ( cond ) xuger . have you hear a word I have say ?! kruger cock he head , then turn and with lightning speed & '$ _rhode ' throat . slice . Rhodes choke and fall to she knee gurgle . kruger throw the piece of glass , klink , it bounce off tile somewhere . the mo robot stand by . Rhodes can not form a sentence to get they to help she . she fall , dead . 108 . kruger now nobody know about that data . nobody but he and I . which mean , when I get it , this place be mine . kruger grab a weapon , and step over Rhodes as he head out . in? P. mansion blystum Max and spider huddle over a tatter map of elysium . it be big , take up the whole kitchen table . gangster look on . spider we need to get that data out before you be heal . the heal process strip the atom and realign they , it will corrupt the data instantly . after we extract the data , then we will fix you up . plan be , we break in , download it , then get you here right away . ( point to map ) they have medical bay in the armory . Max look over at frey and Matilda . frey have a wet cloth on she brow , cool she daughter down . max you be sure this will work ? this will give they what they need ? spider brother . if we do this , human become citizen of elysium . she can get cure right away . along with nine billion other . Max contemplate the answer . spider motion to the map . spider ( cont ’‘d ) we drop in here . this be a back entrance to the control room . we follow he finger along the illegal map . spider ( cont 'd ) all the way in here . boom . this be the protocol room . max how do we get through this ? he point at the airlock . spider reach into he bag and pull out a swipe card connect to a handheld computer . i i 103 , spider run a bypass . I always come prepare , son . manuel goddamn suicide run . spider give a rueful smile . spider it 's much worse than that . he lock over at frey . spider ( cont 'd ) we could use you help . frey I '' not leave she . spider hold up a headset and laptop . spider just guide we . Real time satellite feed . when the shit hit the fan in there , you can be we eye . frey nod . Max stand , lift a ak47 , check the breach . max alright then . jump cut : various gun / ammo load into pouch . Zipped up , backpack on . they stand at the front door to the mansion . about to leave . Max take a headset and earpiece from spider . he put it on . frey walk over to Max . quiet . frey thank you . Max look back . max listen ... I / m.....0 just .... spider let 's go , son . frey it 's ok ... Max ... go. he he ° int . ccb armory — , keuger sit on a medical bench as the mo bot bolt a hulc suit into he bone . similar to Max . but more expensive . more high - tech . like a f22 versus a f14 . it 's magnificent . once secure , kruger go to he locker . still have he name on it , he open the locker and start pull out he gear . ext . mansion blysium - night manuel and the gangster run ahead into the night . the huge mansion flood - light . Max and spider follow . gun draw . int . manston elystum frey wear the head -set . she watch they on the laptop . the access hatch show up in the satellite data . prey it 's about 20 meter ahead of you . ext . mansion elysium they arrive at the still smoulder crash site . use flashlight , they find the hatch under the tip - up earth . they open it , and jump into the substructure of elysium . int . ccb hq kruger calmly walk out of the armory . he step inte the central corridor . he casually lift a grenade from a pouch , pull the ring and throw it down the corridor . he walk back into the airlock . boocoogoooom !!!! Fire and smoke billow . int . sub structure we hear the deep base rumbling of the explosion . max what the hell be that ? int . ccb eq control room warning light start spin . all the ccs agent rise , rushing for the exit . the lighting blink on and off , as though the grenade have damage the power source . overhead voice all agent , go to the nearest exit and proceed calmly to ground level . the panicked agent run out of the ccg headquarters . a slow mo : we see kruger move in the opposite direction to they , walk toward we . he flip he hood down . deadly . int. ccb ho a hatch open above the hallway . manuel drop down and pulis out he gun . he spin the other way . no one . he stand like a sentry as another gangster , rico , hop down . the ccr be smoky , burn ember float through the air . manuel where the hell be everybody ? spider be lower down by Max . Max hop into the corridor . frey ( in comm ) okay . it 's to you right . spider lead the brigade to the first airlock seal door . he slip he security card into the reader and scan the code , he type and ... issshhhhh the door open . spider come on , let 's move . frey ( in comm ) seem clear . spider open the second dcor to be meet by more smoke . Max cautiously check the reom , wave he gun from side to side . clear . they start move into it . and suddenly ~- Max hear a bloodocurdling scream from rico . they spin to see he explode by -~ kruger . the gangster be hurl across the room . kruger 's deadly wrist device sparking and wind down from the kill . Max lift he gun and fire , but -- kruger 's high - tech suit melt the gun in Max 's hand . liquid molten ak47 drip all over the floor . manuel ruuuunnn !!! spidbr go !!! take he ! spider try to grab Max . max no ! do not leave he ! manuel lift he assault rifle , pop off a few round , but the bullet just glance off kruger 's billion dollar hulc . 112 . kruger casually lift he wrist , send a beam that turn manuel 's gun into ash . manuel scream as he hand be burnt . smoke ember of burn metal float around the toom . kruger spin-kick manuel across the room , the gangster bounce off the wall like a soccer ball . max ( cont ’d ) fuck this . Max summon he energy , run toward kruger and leap . lie smashes into kruger , send they both back , denting a airlock door with 500 lb of steal exo strength . Max grab one of the throw knife off kruger 's vest and stab it through kruger 's wrist weapon . the device crackle and spark . blood leak across the white stark ccb . kruger that 's a cheap shot , that 's a fuck cheap shot . Max start to take the upper hand when .... Max go inte a white hot flash of cerebral pain . the epileptic seizure of data -overload hit he , he trip and stumble over desk and terminal , hold he head . manuel grab Max and pull he back toward spider . kruger xise , whip out a deadly throw knife and wing it at manuel . it dig into he sternum . he drop to he knee . spider look back to see he friend go down , gasp for air . spider turn back , hack the control - reom airlock . Max see manuel die . anger coursing through he vein , Max use every ounce of strength to will himself to he foot , kruger lunge at he . his knife come flash toward Max 's head like lightning , barely miss he jugular . Max deliver a sequence of awesome martial art kick and punch knock kruger back , give he time to escape . Max dive into the airlock and hit the shut button . the door start shutting . but kruger leap and wedge he steel encase body in between the airlock door , jam they . he 's trap there . Max drag himself away , look back as xruger struggle to free himself . Max and spider hobble into -- ay wa ind . ccb hq control room Max and spider make they way through the immense , abandon control , room . wall still flicker with warning : illegal detected itn control room . they reach the next airlock . Max turn back to see kruger pull free himself . max come on come on -- spider disengage the door , and they move fast into -- int . gantry elysium the gantry be suspend hundred of meter up , like a bridge over the immense sub-structure of flysium . it look like something out of STAR war . suge volume of wind swirl . Max and spider hobble along the gantry , medbay and protocol station write in sign overhead . Max look up , see : kruger keep come , a relentless killer . spider come on , keep move ! Max stop , watch this cold - blooded killer . max no , no ... he will never stop . a calm pass over Max , as kruger hear down . max ( cont 'd ) you get nothing to fight for . I do . Max and kruger collide in 4 deadly sequence cf move . kruger T have everything to fight for . = have all this . Max struggle . but he make a desperate move , grabbing hold ef the nerve CENTER on the back of kruger ' 's bulc . Max tear it off with all he strength . SPARKS explode and shred circuitry come out in he hand . we hear kruger 's suit power down , and -- Max kick the live shit owt of he . kruger fall into a crumpled heap . they be at the end of the gantry , where the armory have medbay line up , kruger look at Max 's die body . he look into the armory , then back at Max , choke , laugh . kruger ( cont ’d ) you .... friend ... do not tell you everything , do he ? Max look at kruger , confuse . kruger ( cont 'd ) you think ... you can pull that data out of you head and live ? you think you just carry on with you little life ? kruger be laugh , choke . kruger ( cont ‘d ) you fuck idiot ... that data will kill you the second it 's retrieve . Max turn to spider . max what ..? be that ... true ? a beat . spider look back at he . yes . kruger you wanna save ... all you little earthling ... then you be gonna die . int . mansion elysium frey cover she mouth as she hear they over che comm . int . gantry Max look at spider . max how could you do this to I ? kruger laugh with he die breath . xruger Dead .... you be dead . Max get up in a rage , he grab kruger 's body and hurl he off the edge of the gantry into oblivion . kruger disappear inte the darkness . for good . Max drop , devastate . i i spider I be sorcy man , I be sorry . T do not xnow how to tell you . you can still choose . it 's one or the other . max I be not die here . frey listen to the conversation . she look toward Matilda . spider you have the ability to save everyone , everyone . but i'm not go to force you , I know I can not . it 's right there ( point at mo bay ) ... ¥ou choose . max and what ? I have to die . that 's my goddamn choice ? spider turn to see the security droid and politician have arrive at the end of the gantry . Max get up and stumble toward the medbay . spider shut the security door behind they as they leave the gantry . he melt the control circuit , sealing it . Max stumble over to a medbay , and lean against the machine . his finger caress the '' diagnose '' and '' heal '' button . we hear the sound of cut metal . spider lock up to see ccb droid cut through the security door . Max blink hard . he wipe he face and turn away from the machine . he look back at the droid . he limp toward spider . max ( cont 'd ) let 's finish this . he motion to the final airlock before the protocol room . he step away from the mo BAY , he have make he decision . int . protocol room spider run a bypass on the protocol door . the hydraulic door open revealing the protocol core , Max stand for a moment , stare at the space , the inner core of elysium . ext . mansion elysium we follow immigration droid as they load up gun with tear - gas and run across the lawn towards frey in the mansion . 116 . immigration droid two illegal detect . int . protocol room Max collapse next to the central computer . spider close and seal the door behind they . fhe glass floor of the protecol room be the final barrier between the inside of elysium and space . barth loom directly under they . Max look down at the world that raise he . int . mansion elysium frey see Max as a small infrared heat dot on the screen . she be fight back tear . she see the Immigration droid come across the lawn . she lean over and pull Matilda closer . but do not leave the monitor . int . protocol room spider walk over to the central console and take out he little computer , he plug he usb wire into the protocol . he give the other end to Max . Max clumsily plug it into he ewn head . he calmly look back down at Earth . he remember the locket on he neck . he snap it off , hold it . max prey . she swallow and then adjust she mic to speak into it . prey yeah . max : remember , when I steal you watch . spider i ok , synce . prey ' yeah . : max i be sorry about that . it 's just .... I do not know why I take it , I want to get into that stupid gang . | prey tt 's ok . alv . Max open the locket , look at the image of Earth . the same one he can see with he own eye now . spider type furiously , hack into the system core . he look up to see the droid run to the final door . spider shit . here they come . max you forgive I ? frey yes , Max . bang . they hit the door . thump thump , spark fly as the acetylene torch start cut . max and then , I steal ...... Matilda 's money . I be really sorry , I swear . slow mo the spark drizzle into the room . the security droid raise gun . prey I forgive you , Max . max for both time ? frey yes , both time . int . mansion elysium the droid smash open the door to the mansion and enter . frey look up at they on the other side of the house . int . protocol room the computer screen read : '' please encode new administrator . '' spider ef '' do not get this work soon , we be fuck dead . spider put he open hand to the biometric reader . - scan - complete . - compiling - spider ( cont ‘d ) hurry up eurry up ! ) bebp . system ready . spider ( cont 'd ) we be good , we be good -- max wait . give it to I . spider hand the keyboard to Max . Max take it , with he other hand he drop the locket on the glass fleor . two earth , one real one image , hang there . max ( cont 'd ) frey . frey yes ? Max look at the enter key . his finger hover over it . max thank you . slow mo : max hit the enter key . his eye close . his hand drop to the floor ...... dead . the computer screen fill with billion of line of code . boom . the door finally give way . the droid run in . they be trail by rep patel and a young politician , rep smythe . the droid grab spider violently , beat he . spider no - — Patel enter the room , aghast to see the immigrant in the most secure zone . rep smythe kill he ! int . mansion elystum the droid smash the laptop in front of frey and violently rip she from the chair . another one grab Matilda . int , protocol room Computer screen : compiled . human status : ..... + '' legal , int . mansion blystum tastantaneously , the droid let go of frey . the code on they visor suddenly staris scrolling , like a dos reboot . 119 . ent . protocol room the droid let go of spider and help he up . droid apologies citizen . rep patel arrest he ! rep smythe shoot he ! now ! droid I cannot harm a citizen of blysium . rep smythe a citizen ? a what ?! spider calmly grab he handheld computer off the deck . spider guess who elysium belong to now , bitch ? he smile at the politician as he leave . the man look at each other , know they day be over . max 's body lay there dead . and we see one final flash of memory : int . youth prison - day Young prisoner line up against the wall . the warden make they stick out they tongue , while he check for contraband . he walk up to eleven year old max . warden you again , back for more , hey ? open you mouth . Max stick he tongue out at the warden , the other kid laugh . de punch Max in the stomach . Max collapse , lie at the warden 's foot gasp for air . the kid quiet . warden ( cont ‘d ) no one know you name . the warden lean down next to he . warden ( cont ‘d ) no one will remember you . you will never accomplish anything ... int . orphanage - night Young Max cry . the nun sit cn the edge of he ratty bed . nun everyone have one special thing Max , one thing that they be mean to do , one thing they be bear for . ent . mansion elysium frey gently place Matilda down on the mo table . she press the analyze button . overeead voice citizen m satiago . female . severe epileptic edema . a soft blue / white light move up and down Matilda 's body . re - atomizing . frey watch in disbelief as she daughter be mend . the machine gently open . frey stand with bait breath . Matilda slowly open she eye . she turn and look over at she mom . 100 % clear . montage : human all over elysium come out of hide . the old , the sick , all get medical care in they mansion . Shots of human on earth scramble for ticket to ship . shuttle stuff like indian train . bound for elysium . prey and Matilda play in they garden . the huge orb of Earth float behind they . frey wear Max 's necklace now . she hold it for a moment . and then continue to play with Matilda ...