Emma scene 1 - highbury narrator in a time when one 's town be one 's town be one 's world ... and the action at a dance excited great interest than the movement of army , there live a young woman , who know how this world should be run . emma the most beautiful thing in the world be a match well make , and a happy marriage to you both . mrs weston oh , thank you Emma . you painting grow more accomplish every day . emma you be very kind , but it would be all the better if I have practice my draw more , as you urge I . mrs weston it 's very beautiful . mr elton I should never take side against you , miss woodhouse , but you friend be right . it be indeed a job well do . emma the job well do , Mr elton be yours in perform the ceremony . mr woodhouse must the church be so drafty , Mr elton ? it be very difficult to surrender the soul when one be worried about one 's throat . mr elton perhaps some tea and cake would revive you , Mr woodhouse . mr woodhouse miss Taylor ! surely you be not serve cake at you wedding ! Far too rich ! you put we all at peril . and I be not alone in feel so . where be Mr pen , the apothecary , he will support I . mrs weston he 's over there , Mr woodhouse , have some cake . mr woodhouse what ?! emma I have to take father home , but dear miss Taylor - oh , no ! you be dear miss Taylor no more ! you be dear Mrs Weston now ! and how happy this must make you . such happiness this bring to all of we . mrs weston my dear Emma ! scene 2-hartfield mr woodhouse poor miss Taylor ! she be so happy here . why should she give up be you governess , only to be marry ? emma I be grow now . she cannot put up with my ill humor forever . she must wish for child of she own . mr woodhouse you have no ill humor . you own mother , God rest she , could be no more real than miss Taylor . can she truly wish to give life to a mewl infant who will import disease each time it enter the house ? no , I say poor miss Taylor , and poor indeed she be . mr knightley as a old friend of the family , I have to ask as soon as I get back : who cry the most at the wedding ? ( later ) emma and how be my sister ? be you brother give she the respect we woodhouse lady deserve ? mr woodhouse poor isabella . she be the first to leave I . no doubt that be where miss Taylor get the notion to go . mr knightley do not be too hard on miss Taylor . it must be easier for she to have only one to please than two . emma especially when one of we be such a troublesome creature . mr woodhouse yes , I be . most troublesome . emma dear papa , I could never mean you ! Mr knightley love to find fault with I , that 's all . it 's he idea of a joke . mr knightley I be practically a brother to you Emma . it be not a brother 's job to find fault with he sister ? mr woodhouse but where be the fault with you ? Emma bear it well , but she be most sorry to lose miss Taylor . mr knightley we would not like Emma so well if she do not miss she friend . mr woodhouse thank you . emma I shall miss she so . I do not know what I shall do without she . mr knightley she 's not far . mr woodhouse almost half a mile . emma her obligation be there now . she can not sit and talk with I in the old way , or walk with I , or urge I to better myself . mr knightley well , that should not matter , as you always do just as you pleased . emma yes , but I shall miss she urging I . she be a selfless a friend as I have ever have , and I hope to say someday that I have do half so much for someone as Mrs Weston do for I . mr knightley you must be happy that she settle so well . emma indeed ! one matter of joy in this be that I make the match myself . people say Mr Weston would never marry again , and what a triumph ! mr knightley triumph ! you make a lucky guess ! emma have you never know a triumph from a lucky guess ? have I not promote Mr Weston 's visit , and give encouragement where encouragement be need , we might not have have a wedding today . mr woodhouse then please , my dear , encourage nowhere else . Marriage be so disrupt to one 's social circle . emma only one more , papa . when Mr elton join they hand today , he look very much like he would like the same kind of office perform for he . mr knightley * sigh * mr woodhouse invite he for dinner . that be kindness enough . mr knightley Mr elton be a man of twenty - six . he know how to take care of himself . emma one do not like to generalize about so many people all at once , Mr knightley , but you may be sure that man know nothing of they heart , whether they be six and twenty , or six and eighty . except you , of course , father . no , Mr elton will be the next person to benefit from my help . mr knightley poor miss Taylor indeed ! ' tis Mr elton which deserve we pity . scene 3 - party at hartfield emma Mr elton ! welcome to we party ! mr elton yes , miss woodhouse , thank you indeed for include I . a party be a party , but a party on a summer eve ... emma it relieve my mind very much that you be here , for there be someone new in we group . her name be harriet Smith , and she be a former pupil of Mrs Goddard . I have never meet miss Smith before this evening , and be already strike by she charm . I wonder if I might ask you to make certain she be at ease throughout the evening . mr elton if help miss Smith would help miss woodhouse , then I be happy to be of service . emma come , I shall make the introduction . miss bate miss woodhouse ! we have come quite overpower ! emma oh , Mrs bate , miss bate , so happy you could co - miss bate no , we be the happy one - well , ho do you do Mr elton ? we be the happy one . not only to be here tonight , but also for the beautiful hindquarter of pork you send we . it have be heaven itself . what a happy porker it must have come from ! {laugh } we be so oblige for you send it to we . ( to Mrs bate ) pork !. ( to Emma and Mr elton ) and we be so oblige for you have we tonight , very much indeed . I be just say to mother , 'we should be invite ' and indeed we be . oh , do not you hair look pretty ? just like a angel . ( to Mrs bate ) angel , mother . ( to Emma and Mr elton ) oh , speak of angel , Mr elton , you sermon on Daniel in the lion 's de be so inspiring , so powerful in all it 's particular , it leave we speechless . quite speechless , I tell you , and we have not stop talk of it since . oh , be not this a lovely party ? Lovely , lovely , lovely ! ( another part of the party ) mr knightley where will you live , now that you have complete you education ? harriet Mrs Goddard be be kind enough to let I stay on with she . mrs goddard she 's a great help to I . if you will excuse I . emma Mr knightley ! mr knightley ah , Emma . I wonder where you be . now I see you have be hard at work . - make Mr elton comfortable . emma yes , Mr knightley but I have be remiss in do the one thing that should give he the great of entitlement . Mr elton ! May I present miss Smith . mr elton any friend of miss woodhouse 's ... ( later ) emma Mr Weston , have you have any news of you son ? mr weston oh , indeed ! miss Smith . I be marry many year ago to a woman whose life be lose to illness just three year after the birth of we son , Frank . as I could not see to my buisness and care for the infant , I allow he to be bring up by my wife 's brother , and he wife , the churchill . he life in London , now a young man , and have never be here . his aunt be not well , and she do not care to be without he . mrs weston his come would be the final bless for we marriage . harriet how lucky to have be twice bless in marriage ! it have be my belief that one love only once . I be happy to be wrong . mr weston not so happy as I , miss Smith . mrs weston I have the most pleasing letter from he on the occasion of we marriage . I have it here if anyone would care to see it . ( later , as the letter filter through the party member ) miss bate a most charming and kindly letter . do not you think so , mother ? ( to Mr knightley ) have you ever read such a letter , Mr knightley ? do you know , this remind I of Jane 's style , somewhat more delicate style . which be more usual in a woman , but a good sign in a man , I think . mr woodhouse nicely express . but it sound as though he eat a worrisome amount of custard ! mrs goddard it 's not merely the feel in it . the penmanship be so confident . ( later ) emma be not miss Smith delightful ? I watch she throughout the evening with continuous pleasure . she be uncertain of she surroundings , yet I though perhaps I could be of service to she and undertake she introduction into highbury society . I could never presume to guide she as you do I , but perhaps I might share a little of what I know . mrs weston she could ask for nothing better . come , Mr Weston , I must write to you son . good night , Mr woodhouse ! mr weston good night , Mr woodhouse ! good night , Emma ! thank you for a wonderful dinner ! mr woodhouse good night miss Taylor ! emma good night , Mrs Weston ! Mr Weston ! mr weston good night ! mr woodhouse poor miss Taylor . she so obviously want to stay . scene 4 -highbury emma how interesting , miss Smith . and what kind of people be you parent . harriet I do not know . Mrs Goddard have say that I can not know they , and so I have leave it at that . because of she attention over the year , Mrs Goddard have be my true guardian . emma hurry along , dear . it 's miss bate come . as it be Tuesday , she will have a letter from she niece Jane fairfax , and she will want to read we every word about she . harriet oh , I do not know miss fairfax ! emma there 's not much to be say for she . when press , I say she be elegant . scene 5 - highbury harriet besides you , and Mrs Goddard , hmm ... the only other people I know here be the martin , at abbymill farm . Mrs Martin have two parlor , a oven may , and EIGHT cow ! Mr Martin use to cut fresh flower every day . emma how lucky for Mrs Martin to have such a agreeable husband ! harriet oh , miss woodhouse , Mr Martin be not she husband , he be she son ! emma ah ! I see . then he be ... unmarried . harriet mmm , but I can not understand why . he seem perfect in every particular . he bring I walnut once , and go three mile to get they just because he hear I say I like they . be not that kind ? oh ! ( later ) emma tell I more about Mr Martin . be he a man of information ? harriet oh , yes ! he read the agricultural report , and I recommend he read the romance of the Forest , and he say he would . emma and what sort of look man be he ? harriet I think he very plain at first , but I do not think so now . have you never see he when he be in town ? emma only the martin be the sort of people with whom I have nothing to do with . a degree or two lower , and I might be useful to they family . but a farmer need none of my help , and be therefore as much above my notice as he be below it . in fact , whenever - harriet miss woodhouse ! there he be now ! how do I look ? emma Fine , dear . good enough I be sure for Mr Martin . mr martin good day ! well , this be a bit of a chance , be not it ? harriet good day , Mr Martin . miss woodhouse , may I present Mr Martin ? this be miss woodhouse . mr martin good day - how do you do ? harriet be you able to find the romance of the Forest ? mr martin oh , blast ! I forget , but I will go again tomorrow , and I will make every effort to get that think into my head . harriet how be you mother ? emma ( think ) really , harriet , you can do better than this . scene 6 - sewing at hartfield emma if you pull this way , dear , you will find it make a neater stitch . harriet oh , of course ! May I ask what you think of my friend , Robert Martin ? emma well , dear , I imagine he a degree nearer gentility . harriet true , he 's not so genteel as Mr knightley , but - emma no , there be not one in a hundred man with ' gentleman ' write so plainly across he as Mr knightley . but let we judge he next to another man , oh , say ... Mr elton ! Mr elton be a fine man , thoughtful in way Mr Martin can never be . harriet miss woodhouse , whatever he fault , Mr Martin be thoughtful . emma I see . do he take you advice , and get the book you ask he to read ? harriet well , no . emma yes . harriet yes . I wonder that he do not remember it . emma oh , well . Mr elton say something very kind about you the other day . harriet can you not tell I what it be ? emma oh ! it 's not my place to intrude upon personal matter . but as you friend , I could make a exception , if you wish . I hear he .... scene 7- highbury chapel mr elton miss Smith be always a beautiful creature , but the attraction you have add be far superior . emma oh , I have do very little . mr elton be it permissible to contradict a lady . emma I can not take credit for she beauty , nor she sweetness , or - mr elton a idea have just drop into my head , surely from heaven itself . what if you be to exercise you artistic talent and draw a portrait of miss Smith ? oh , I would love to watch you draw she . emma Mr elton , my skill be slender indeed , and we must not forget how shy miss Smith be . mr elton do you think it would help if I ask she to pose ? scene 8-highbury mr elton oh , miss woodhouse , may I look , please ? I can not wait another second . incredible ! you have express she completely ! emma Mr elton , really ! you exaggerate ! mr elton indeed , I do not ! nor cannot ! emma the reason that I have not do a portrait in so long be the spouse of the subject always complain . as there be no husband or wife here , I trust I may proceed safely . mr elton no husband or wife at present , miss woodhouse . mr knightley you have make she too tall . mr elton it may not be miss Smith 's height in term of measurement , but it 's surely the height of she character . ( later ) mr woodhouse my dear , I would paint a shawl on she , as one can not help feel that she will catch cold ! otherwise , it be quite splendid . it only want a suitable frame . we will have to get it to London . mr elton might I be entrust with such a admission ? I would be gratify more than word can express . scene 9 - town of highbury harriet he want to marry I ! would you mind read it ? emma certainly not ! I can not believe Mr elton propose ! surely , he be - harriet no , not Mr elton , Mr Martin , my friend ! be it a good letter , or too ... short ? emma it be a good letter . one of he sister must have help he , yet it be not in the style of a woman . well , it be a good letter . you must answer it immediately . he must have he disappointment , and move on . harriet then you think I should refuse he ? emma you do not plan to return a answer favorable to this claim ? harriet no , I do not ! that be ... I mean ... um ... well , I be not sure , that be why I come to you ! emma oh , it 's not my place to intrude ! harriet but I depend so on what you think ! emma I would not advise you for the world ! if you prefer Mr Martin to every other person you know or may ever know , if you think he the most agreeable man you have ever be or ever will be in company with , then why should you hesitate ? harriet if you will not influence I , then I must do as well as I can by myself . I be determine to , and I really have almost make up my mind to ... refuse ... Mr Martin ...? oh , do you think that 's right ? or wrong ? be it wrong ? emma now that you have decide , I shall share the feeling which I keep you in suspense of . I think you be perfectly right . harriet yes . but - oh , dear ! it will make he mother and sister most unhappy ! emma let we think of other mother and sister who may be more cheerfully employ at this moment . I believe Mr elton be show you picture to he mother and sister , tell they that the subject be more beautiful than the portrait . harriet well , if he show it , then I be sure it be only to praise you artistry . emma if you be sure , then you be surely wrong ! by show it to they , he be revealing he deeper intention , which may produce a letter of he own . scene 10 - donwell abbey mr knightley very well , I admit it . you have improve harriet Smith . emma I hope you be not the only man to have notice . mr knighlty I be not . I believe you friend will soon hear something serious . something to she advantage . emma who make you he confidant ? mr knightley I have reason to believe harriet Smith will receive a offer of marriage to a man desperately in love with she . Robert Martin . he come here two evening ago to consult about it . he 's a tenant , you know , and a good friend . he ask whether it would be imprudent of he to settle too early , whether she be too young , or whether he be beneath she . emma better question to Mr Martin , I could not have choose myself . mr knightley I never hear better sense from anyone than from Robert Martin . he prove he can afford to marry , and I say he could not do better . emma no indeed , he could not . come , I will tell you something in return . he write to harriet yesterday . mr knightley oh , yes ? emma yes . he be refuse . mr knightley I be not sure I understand . emma he ask , and she refuse . mr knightley then she be a great simpleton than I believe . emma the most incomprehensible thing in the world to a man be a woman who reject he offer of marriage . mr knightley I do not comprehend it because it be madness . I hope you be wrong . emma I could not be . I see she answer . mr knightley you see she answer . Emma , you write she answer , do not you ? emma if I do , then I would have do no wrong . he be not harriet 's equal . mr knightley I agree , he be not she equal . emma good . mr knightley he be she superior in sense and situation . what be harriet Smith 's claim of birth or education which make she higher than Robert Martin ? she be the natural daughter of nobody - know - who . the advantage of the match be entirely on she side . emma what ! a farmer ? even with all he merit and match for my dear friend , it would be a degradation for she to marry a person whom I could not even admit as my own acquaintance ! mr knightley a degradation for illegitimacy and ignorance to marry to a respected , intelligent farmer ? emma she be a gentleman 's daughter . mr knightley whoever she parent , they make no plan to introduce she into good society . she be leave with Mrs Goddard for a indifferent education . her friend evidently think this be good enough for she , and it be , and she think so too until you begin to puff she up ! vanity work on a weak mind produce every kind of mischief . emma hmm , you dismiss she beauty and good nature , yet I would be very much mistaken if you sex in general do not think that claim the high a woman could possess . mr knightley Men of sense , whatever you may say , do not want silly wife ! Mark my word , Emma . better be without sense than misapply it as you do . try not to kill my dog . emma we see so differently on this point there can be no use canvass it , we shall only make each other angry . ah ! I see the tea be ready . let 's stop and have some . mr knightley clearly , Emma , you have someone have someone else in mind for you friend , but if the gentleman you dream of be Mr elton , you labor be in vain . as vigor , elton be unlikely to make a imprudent match , especially to a girl of obscurity and will bring he disgrace . in unreserve moment , when only man be present , I have hear he speak of a large family of young lady from bath , who all have twenty thousand pound apiece . believe I when I say he may talk sentimentally , but he will act rationally . emma if I have my heart set on Mr elton , then you 'open my eye ' would have be a kind service , but I care only to watch she grow , and - mr knightley no more , please . no more . scene 11-hartfield mr elton bravo ( later ) emma thank you , Charles . Mr elton . harriet be collect riddle for a book , and we know you would come up with something cun . mr elton oh , no , no , no . I be not nearly clever enough . mr knightley Emma , you do not ask I to contribute a riddle . emma you entire personality be a riddle , Mr knightley . I think you be overqualified . scene 12-highbury emma woah , stand . Morning , Peter ! this just come from Mr elton . he claim it be a riddle for you collection , but I think it be much better ! harriet be it about shark ? emma for heaven 's sake , why would he write a riddle about shark ? harriet please , I be in a tremor , tell I what it mean ! emma we may read it aloud so that we may decipher it . " for miss " I think we can safely put in ' Smith ' . " line 1 : my first display the wealth and pomp of king , lord of the earth , they luxury and ease . " that can be display as ... pomp in ( prompt harriet ) ... court . harriet Court , yes . emma " next line : another view of man , my second bring , behold he there , the monarch of the seas . " that be ...? harriet a mermaid ! a trident ? oh , do you think we shall ever know ? emma ship , dear , the thing that bring ... ship . harriet ship ...! emma now for the cream . " but be united . " the two term should be united ! harriet yes ... it 's ship and court , court and -... courtship ! he write to I about courtship ! oh ! emma harriet ! there can be no doubt of Mr elton 's intention ! you be he desire ! the only thing remain be for he to find the perfect opportunity to offer proof ! we must find a way for the two of you to be alone ! harriet oh , let 's read it again and again ! emma I only wish Mr knightley would walk by so that he could read it . scene 13-clark be emma good afternoon ! mrs clark good day , miss woodhouse emma Mrs Clark , how be you ? mrs clark must not grumble . scene 14 -road to highbury harriet I be sorry I be not more help . I be always afraid I will somehow make a sick person worse . emma not at all ! look , harriet ! Mr elton 's house . pity I can not contrive a reason for we to go in . harriet I do so wonder , miss woodhouse , that you be not marry . emma I have no inducement to marry . I lack neither fortune , nor position , and never could I be so important in a man 's eye as I be in my father 's . harriet but to be a old may , like miss bate ... emma she be a poor old may , and it be only poverty which make celibacy contemptible . a single woman of good fortune be always respectable . Mr elton ! mr elton miss woodhouse ! miss Smith ! how fortunate ! I be just on my way to visit the clark ' . emma ah ! we be just there . harriet be kind enough to let I join she . harriet miss woodhouse - mr elton um , may I escort you home ? emma indeed ! harriet , tell Mr elton what we do at the clark ' . harriet oh , um ... she seem to have the chill , so miss woodhouse - emma -watch . as harriet tuck that poor lady in , warm she with a blanket in she kind nature . tell she about the soup , dear . harriet the soup ? I could not really say ... mr elton do not be so modest . harriet well , I heat some , uh ... mr elton Soup ? harriet yes , soup ...- emma oh , dear ! oh ! my lace . please have the goodness to go on , and I will rejoin you as soon as I can . harriet after heating the soup , I put she by the ...um ... mr elton chair ? harriet the fire . mr elton the fire . emma hello ! where be you off to ? boy to get my mom some broth . emma would you let I walk with you ? dear , must we walk so quickly ? boy Mom say I should hurry . emma would you like to play a game ? harriet do you mean it ? mr elton I do . I swear I do . harriet oh , that 's too wonderful ! mr elton I love - emma ( think ) could this be ? the declaration ? mr elton I simply love celery root . and what should they be serve but - mr elton and harriet celery root ! scene 15-hartfield mr woodhouse Emma ! be careful ! the baby - it might have a infection ... mr knightley John , this may be the finest knightley yet . you and isabella should have bring she sooner . she look so fetching in the arm of she aunt ! mr JOHN knightley yes , do not they make a splendid pair ? mr knightley if you accept adult with as little whim as you do this child , we might always agree ! emma how fascinating that any discordancy between we must always arise from my be wrong . mr knightley not fascinating , but true . perhaps it have something to do with the gap in we age . I be sixteen year old when you be bear . emma undoubtedly you be my superior then , but have not the lapse of 21 year close the gap ? mr knightley narrowed it . come , dear , let we be friend and quarrel no more . emma very well . and might I say that we be both right as far as good intention go . I only hope Mr Martin be not too disappointed . mr knightley no man could be more so . emma I be very sorry . come , shake hand with I . butler dinner be serve . mr woodhouse good . John ? isabella sister , dear ? when shall we meet you new friend ? emma she will be with we on Friday at the Weston 's Christmas Eve Party . it look as though to be a very reward holiday for she . scene 16 - carriage ride toward randall mr elton I be so look forward to this evening . a party be a party , but a Christmas Party ! where be miss Smith ? emma I have some sad news . miss Smith be ill and cannot be with we this evening . mr elton a sad loss to we party . she will be miss at every moment . however , I feel , and I hope you will concur , that small party be the best . I would rather fall short by two than exceed by two . and how fortunate that the snow come now instead of yesterday , when it would have make we party impossible ! now , that would have be a real cause for sadness , would it not ? scene 17 - christmas party at randall mrs weston would you like some punch ? mr elton no , no , not right now . mr woodhouse oh , thank you , thank you , yes . weather of this severity be no friend of mine . mrs weston I know that too well , Mr woodhouse . mr weston my son Frank have write and tell we something most exciting . mr elton miss woodhouse , be you warm enough ? emma yes , thank you . mr weston the letter arrive today , and on the open , we have the most wonderful surprise . Frank say - mr elton some of the other lady be say they be not warm enough . emma I be quite comfortable , yes . mr elton then I see how close you be to the fire , and think you might be too warm , and - emma Mr elton ! I be in the perfect state of warmness . mr weston at first I do not believe it , so I ask Mrs Weston to read the letter herself , to make sure I be not dream . but indeed Frank say - mr elton miss woodhouse , be there any effort I might make on behalf of you father 's comfort ? emma you be very kind , but I can only imagine that he 's quite comfortable . thank you for be so thoughtful . mr elton no , thank you for think I be thoughtful . emma I wonder if perhaps you might be so kind as to bring I some punch . mr elton I only hope I can complete the task quickly enough - emma please ! I could not enjoy it if I know that you hurried ! isabella thrill ! simply thrill news ! mr weston and that be the end of the letter . ( later , at dinner ) mr weston Emma ! I be not sure I have you attention earlier , but I want to tell you that Frank be come at last ! emma I so look forward to meeting he ! that be if you can bear to share he . mrs weston that be if he aunt will share he with we . that 's what this depend on . she have say yes , but have not give a date . mr woodhouse very good . this weather be by no mean pleasant for the traveler abroad . ( later , around the fire ) mr elton I hope I be not intrude . mr knightley no , no . mr elton but I can not stop think of miss Smith 's condition . emma she will be happy to know of you concern . mr elton how could I not be concerned ? the whole situation be most alarming ! there be nothing worse than a sore throat . its effect be exceedingly bleak . and that be why I must , in the presence of you friend , ask you to stop visit she ! emma what ? mr elton you be put yourself at risk , and we cannot allow that , can we knightley ? I mean , be this fair ? isabella Father ! mr elton have I not some right to complain ? mr JOHN knightley Emma , the weather 's distress you father and he want to leave . isabella and I will take he home now in we carriage . will you ...? mr elton not to worry , sir . I will ensure that you sister be safe . mrs weston come Mr woodhouse . let 's wrap you up warmly . scene 18-carriage to hartfield emma certainly the weather - mr elton miss woodhouse , please ! fate have leave we alone for a reason ! emma what ? what be you ...? release my hand ! mr elton I do not so much as seize you hand so much as the opportunity to - emma good heaven . go back ! mr elton please ! I be hope ... fear ... ready to die if you refuse I . surely my odd and attachment to you , my love and passion can not help to make a impression emma Mr elton ! this be I , miss woodhouse ! the party spirit have confuse you ! I will be happy to deliver you message to miss Smith , but you must direct no more of it to I . mr elton miss Smith ? what sort of message would I want to send to she ? miss Smith ?! emma Mr elton , the wine have weaken you , for you to -- mr elton if the wine have have any effect , it have only strengthen my will to tell you that I love you ! and - emma my astonishment be beyond anything I can express . for you to address I in this manner , after you behaviour to miss Smith , be -- mr elton I never care whether miss Smith be dead or alive except she be you friend . who can think of miss Smith when miss woodhouse be near ? emma oh , no ! mr elton everything I have ever do be to prove my adoration for you . why else would I go to London to have you picture frame ? emma oh , no ... mr elton allow I to --! allow I to interpret the silence . you have long understand I . emma I say back , and kindly refrain from the intimacy of whisper . be I to understand that you never seek to recommend yourself to miss Smith ? mr elton how can you be surprised ? do you not understand the riddle I write ? emma that be for harriet ! mr elton I most obviously do not address it to she and leave it at you home ! emma but --oh ... but -- mr elton she 's a very good sort of girl , and I be sure there be man who would not object to ... everybody have they level . but I be need so totally despair of a equal alliance as to address myself to miss Smith ... emma Sir ! mr elton no ! I seek to recommend myself to you with that visit . emma Sir ... I have see you only as the admirer of my friend . mr elton I can not believe that ! emma it be well to the mistake -- mr elton it be she mistake emma it be mine as well . mr elton she will manage she disappointment , leave she out of it . how do you feel about what I have say ? emma Mr elton , any hope I have with regard to you be for harriet and harriet alone . scene 19 -randall mrs weston my dear child ! what be it ? emma miss Taylor ! ... Mrs Weston ! there have be a overthrow of everything I have be wishing for for harriet and Mr elton , a development most unwelcome , most painful . oh , dear . you will not believe it , but , Mr elton , now prepare yourself , but , Mr elton be -- mrs weston Mr elton be in love with you ...? emma you know ? mrs weston I have my suspicion , but the party confirm it . emma the worst of it be that I persuade she to care for he ! have I not do that , I could bear anything , but it be I and I alone ! even Mr knightley warn I . mrs weston Mr knightley ? emma he be very cross because I have urge harriet to reject a proposal from Robert Martin . mrs weston that nice farmer ? emma at least there I be right ! well do , Emma ! but otherwise I have make a dreadful mistake . I seek to bring two people together , and I shall never do it again ! never ! that poor girl ... mrs weston she will recover . she 's young . emma I wish I could ease the pain of this fall , but I have no idea who might be right for she . William Cox ? mrs weston Emma ! emma too pert ? mrs weston my dear , you say you would never try to match anyone again . emma yes . indeed . I just wish there be some way to soften the news when I tell she . mrs weston I be afraid the best way be always the most straightforward . emma yes . I suppose I will just say , ' harriet ! ' -- scene 20 -hartfield emma I have some news about Mr elton . he have have to leave town . harriet why ? emma in he letter to father , he write that he be go to bath to relax and to meet new people . and this bring I to something most unpleasant . harriet oh , miss woodhouse , nothing you say could ever be unpleasant . emma this be full . I must acknowledge myself grossly mistaken on the one subject that have occupy we for some time past . harriet Mr elton ? emma while express he fervent admiration for you as a person , it be unhappily I who have capture he fancy . naturally I do not return he feeling , but that do not make it any less of a embarrassment and I place the responsibility for this directly on my own shoulder . harriet oh , no ! I have always feel that I do not deserve Mr elton 's affection . so I can not blame he for believe the same . I could never blame you , who have be so kind a friend that I could never dream it possible . emma harriet , I have always hope that I might have something to teach you . now I see that I shall be lucky to resemble you in any small way . scene 21 - puppy farm emma they have just be wean ! I think that you might enjoy they . they can not help but lift the spirit . harriet do you suppose that Mr elton be meeting young lady while he 's away ? emma I do not know . feel she paw . harriet I would not blame he . I wonder when he will return . emma dear , you must try to empty you mind of Mr elton . really . harriet oh , I be sorry . it be kind of you to invite I ! emma look at she eye ! harriet Mr elton have brown eye too ! emma oh ! harriet , there be only one place that I can think of where you will not be able to speak of Mr elton . indeed you may not be able to speak at all ! scene 22 - bate ' house miss bate oh , miss woodhouse , what a special , special treat ! it be so lovely to you to come and visit we . be not it mother ! treat ! and the best of it be , the best of i- i- it be that we be just speak of a topic that would interest you both . emma ( think ) please , do not let it be a letter from that ninny Jane fairfax ! miss bate yes , here it be . it be a letter from Mrs Cole , who have news of Mr elton ! yes , here we be . ' he have be the toast of every young lady eye ! ' well of course , that can be no surprise to any of we ! oh , dear . miss Smith , you look pale ! you must be hungry ! let I get you some cake ! be not it nice for they to visit we mother ? the most amazing thing just happen . mother be ask about Jane fairfax , ask if there be any news from she , even though she know it be not Jane 's day for write . remember , mother , not , jane's day ! oh , napkin , sorry . you see , we always have a letter from Jane on Tuesday , and today as you must know be Thursday ! so I say , ' mother we have have a letter from Jane this very morning ! ' and she say , ' but it 's Thursday ! for you see Jane write on Tuesday and this be Thursday ! and I say , ' upon my honor ! ' here you be , miss smi- - oh , napkin , sorry ! here you be . emma and might you summarize the letter in you own delightful word ? miss bate oh , would you like the pleasure of hearing it , miss woodhouse , as only Jane can put thing , upon my honor I would not . um , where 's that letter , yes here it . yes , the bad news be she have a cold . emma oh , no ! miss bate oh , yes , but the good news far outweigh it , far far far ! she be come to visit and you must be here to help we with here miss woodhouse , because it would not be a proper visit otherwise . you must sit right where you be , and you must say -- scene 23 - bate ' house emma we be so glad to have you with we ! how be you able to get away ? jane well the cambell have go to Ireland on a holiday , so I have come here , which be better than any holiday . emma ( think ) hmm . she be more give than I expect . miss bate tell miss woodhouse whom you see in wayworth ! Frank churchill , that 's who , Mr Frank churchill ! emma oh , I hear much of he , but have never see he ! be he handsome ? jane many say he be . emma be he agreeable ? jane he be in no way disagreeable . emma be he a man of information ? jane all he statement seem correct . emma ( think ) I take it back . she be -- scene 24-hartfield emma -- absolutely impossible ! she would not tell I anything about Frank churchill ! mr knightley why should you care so much about Frank churchill ? emma I be merely be sociable , that 's all , and she be not . mr knightley perhaps you dislike she because divide we attention from you ! emma ha ! really , Mr knightley , you be so comical , you ought to perform in the town Square . mr knightley oh , I have some news ! and I know how much you like news . emma ah , yes , I always like news . mr knightley Mr elton be go to marry . emma I do not know what to say , except that I be ... -- scene 25 -hartfield and ford ' harriet -- in a state of complete shock ! emma you have hear ? harriet about what ? emma oh ! never mind . harriet ( narrate ) I be on my way here for we visit . it start raining , so I duck into ford to wait it out . harriet ( speak ) good day , Mr Ford , Mr Ford . harriet ( narrate ) as I admire some fabric , who should come in but Elizabeth Martin , and she brother ! oh , I think I should have faint ! they see I , and begin whisper , then , oh , miss woodhouse , I could not believe this , she come up to I and speak ! she say : elizabeth martin I be sorry we never meet now . harriet ( narrate ) and I say : harriet ( speak ) oh , you be too kind . harriet ( narrate ) then , I see that Mr Martin , my Mr Martin be come toward I ! harriet and mr martin together good day , ( Mr Martin / miss Smith ) mr martin I manage to read the romance of the Forest . it be very good . harriet ( narrate ) finally I say that I have to go , but then he follow I ! I be not three step outside , and he say : mr martin miss Smith ! you would better go by Mr Cole 's stable . the near way 's flood . harriet ( speak ) thank you . harriet oh , miss woodhouse , do talk and make I comfortable again ! emma ( think ) I suppose this would not be the right time to mention that Mr elton be engage . emma this be awkward because it be the first time you have see Mr Martin since rejecting he proposal . you , and I must say he , behave very well . now , the kindest thing you can do for yourself be to put Mr Martin out of you head for good . harriet yes . I will . I will do so immediately . he 's behind I now . emma wonderful ! I think I might sketch the puppy , would you join I ? harriet oh , yes please ! it be awfully kind of he to warn I about the flooding . emma yes , dear . harriet he get he coat wet to tell I . that 's the coat Mrs Martin give he for he birthday ! I do hope he do not catch cold ! scene 26 -road to randall emma oh ! oh , good heaven ! frank be you horse just wash he foot , or be the darker force at work here ? emma the latter , I be afraid . something have happen to the wheel and I can not move . frank well , you will just have to live here then . bye . I suppose that will not do . I will help you home . emma thank you so much , mr...? frank churchill . Frank churchill . emma a name I know as well as my own , so long I have hear it speak . you father 's wife be my governess . frank then you be miss woodhouse ! how delightful ! I hear of nothing but you ! emma the last I hear be from Mrs Weston be that you be not due until tomorrow . frank it be always a pleasure to come in on one 's friend before the lookout begin . I would not presume to do so in most case , but I feel in come home I might be forgiven . emma then you have not see they ? we shall have to go there first . they will be overjoy . frank overjoyed , I think , that we be both there together . as I be . scene 27-highbury miss bate oh , miss woodhouse ! have you hear ? Frank churchill be here ! emma yes ! in fact , I meet he yesterday ! miss bate no ! emma yes ! miss bate oh ! emma he do I quite a service when my horse -- miss bate be he handsome ? be he everything everyone say he be ? I have not see he myself , though Jane see he , and she say that he be not at all ' unpleasant to look at ' . I suppose I sha not see he until the cole ' party , but that seem like such a age from now . but I be sure , simply sure that we will be upon he wall . well , we be sufficiently prepare ! scene 28-hartfield emma have a invitation arrive for a party at the cole ? mr woodhouse no , thank heaven ! the cole be nice people , but we should have to go outside to get there ! emma of course we would have to decline as they ask ... but I do not wish they to outthwart I ... ( later ) mr woodhouse have James bring the letter ? emma I do not know , I do not pay any attention to the mail . ( later ) emma why do they not write ? perhaps they must know I must reject they . still as close friend of the weston they should have the courtesy to extend the invitation . unless they do not want I ! but I cannot -- scene 29 -- cole ' party emma -- tell you how delighted I be to have be invite , Mrs Cole ! frank be not it handsome ? mrs cole thank you . but as of today , there 's a much prettier one in town . it have be send to Jane fairfax . frank really ? and who send it to she ? mrs cole that 's the exciting part ! there be no identification of the donor . mr weston must be from Colonel Campbell ! mrs cole Jane 's parent die , and the bate of course be quite without the resource to ... and Colonel Campbell be a great friend of she father , so he and he family have raise she . frank well , then they must have send it . mrs cole Jane have just have a letter from they and not a word be say of it . frank well , perhaps it 's a surprise . emma why do you smile ? frank I be smile because I be wonder if there 's anyone else whom we should suspect of be miss fairfax 's musical patron . do you know she ? emma yes , she 's very ...elegant ...yes ... frank Colonel Campbell 's daughter Mrs dickson be miss fairfax 's dearest friend , so perhaps Mrs dickson send the piano . emma Mrs dickson ? that make sense . frank but not as much sense do you think as Mr dickson . I can not help suspect that after he proposal to miss Campbell , a sweet , but rather a plain girl , Mr dickson fall in love with miss fairfax , who be after all ... emma very elegant , yes , but what make you say that ? frank well , she must think so too ! that be why she do not go on the holiday with the cambell . instead she come here ... do you see ? now that Mr dickson have marry into the cambell he would have be there . I think , by come here , miss fairfax be tell Mr dickson that she want to forget he , and I think , with the pianoforte , Mr dickson be not allow it ! of course it 's just a theory , let we see how she react if we say the name ' Mr dickson ' . ( later ) mrs weston my dear , do you know how miss bate and Jane fairfax come here tonight ? Mr knightley send he carriage ! emma yes , he 's very kind ! mrs weston you give he credit for more disinterested benevolence than I . a suspicion have start into my head which I simply can not get rid of ! Mr knightley and Jane fairfax be a couple ! emma Mrs Weston , do not take to matchmake , you do it ill ! Jane fairfax and Mr knightley ? every feel revolt ! mrs weston oh , my goodness ! what if the pianoforte be from Mr knightley ? emma you have take up a idea and run wild with it . he be not even with she ! she be with Frank , poor man . mrs weston perhaps they stay apart publicly to keep it a secret ! emma hush friend . here come -- Mr Cole ! mr cole miss woodhouse , would you do we the honor of try we pianoforte ? emma oh , I fear I lack the talent . mr cole oh , perhaps I should ask miss fairfax . ( later ) emma ( sing ) do you not hear my lady go down the garden sing blackbird and thrush lie silent to hear the alley ringing oh see you not my lady out in the garden there shame the rise and lily for she be twice as fair though - frank ( take over ) though I be nothing to she though she must rarely look at I and though I could never woo she I love she ' till I die frank and emma ( sing ) surely you hear my lady go down the garden sing silence all the songbird and set the alley ringing but surely you see my lady out in the garden there rivaling the glitter sunshine with she glory of golden hair frank Excuse I . do you know that piece ? jane oh , yes . ( Jane and Frank sing together ) mr knightley do not she play marvelously ? emma yes . how sweet to have leat you carriage so that she finger would be warm enough for the performance . mr knightley you play be lovely ! emma much less than the effect of miss fairfax 's ? mr knightley no ! it be ...very ... elegant . emma be that not sweet of the cambell to give she so generous a gift ? mr knightley I never approve of surprise . the pleasure be never enhance , and the inconvenience be considerable . bad judgement on the Campbell 's part . frank miss fairfax , shall we sing another ? mr knightley that fellow think of nothing but show off . Jane will sing herself hoarse . miss bate ! miss bate yes , Mr knightley ? mr knightley you must put a stop to this ! she will make herself ill ! miss bate oh , do you think so ? oh , well I shall ! scene 30 -hartfield frank miss woodhouse , you must forgive my intrusion , but my aunt have become ill - it be nothing serious , but my presence might bring she solace , therefore I must return , and although I expect my father at any moment , I could not leave without stop here . emma oh ! not even five minute to spare for you friend miss fairfax and miss bate , how unlucky ! frank oh , no , I stop there on my way here ! after all they kindness , I do not wish to slight they ! but it be not the bate , nor my aunt that occupy my thought as I prepare to leave . there be something much more personal that I must say to you . I think that you can hardly be without suspicion that I have develop certain feeling for someone of a most tender and devote nature , which so far I have striven to hide . yet you have always make I feel so wonderfully at ease , such a friend , since very arrival that in no longer seem honorable to keep they from you . in short , miss woodhouse , I - - butler Mr Weston . frank Mrs Weston have promise to correspond , the blessing of a female correspondent when one want news . in she letter I shall be at highbury , and here again , with you . scene 31 -hartfield , emma's room emma well , he love I ! he be on the verge of tell I when he father burst in . I feel listless after he leave and have some sort of headache , so I must be in love as well . I must confess I expect love to feel something different than this . I may determine how deep a love I feel through he absence . how I wish he would be here tomorrow , for there be a grim job to be do . Mr elton be bring he new wife to tea . scene 32-hartfield mrs elton you know , you home remind I of maple Grove , which be the seed of my brother , Mr sutling . mr elton sutling . mrs elton the hall , the size of the room , I be really quite strike by it ! I almost fancy myself here ! emma I be glad you can feel so at ease . mrs elton ( cut off Mr elton 's mumble ) oh , my brother and sister will be enchant with this place . people who have extensive grounds be always pleased to meet other people with extensive grounds . emma I be afraid you overrate hartfield . soria be full of beauty . mrs elton ( cut off Mr elton 's mumble ) do not tell I about soria ! I always say it be the garden of England ! emma yes , but many county be call that . mrs elton oh ? I fancy not . I never hear any county but soria call so . emma well , I know little of other place . we be a quiet set of people , more dispose to stay at home . mrs elton yes , you father 's health must be a great drawback to you see the country . why do he not try bath ? it would do he the world of good ! emma he have try it before without any benefit . mrs elton no ! it will do he good , if only to improve he spirit , which , I understand , be sometimes much depressed ! you must take he ! a line from I , and you will have some of the best society in the place ! a particular friend there , Mrs paltry , -- emma I be afraid go to bath would be out of the question ( later ) emma Mrs elton ! I do not ask if you be musical and that be because you reputation have precede you . all the town know that you be a superior performer . mrs elton ( cut off Mr elton 's mumble ) well , I be dotingly fond of music , and my friend say I be not entirely devoid of taste ! in fact , I tell Mr E. , when he ask I to marry , I tell he that I do not have to have two carriage , as I do before , and I could even accept a smaller house ! my house be a good deal roomier , I assure you . but no ! the world be not necessary to I because I be bless with so many resource in here ! but , say I , without music , my life would be a blank . in fact , you and I must establish a musical club , and we could have regular meeting at you house or ours , because I do not want to give up my talent , do I ? emma Mrs elton , I be sure it would take something more dramatic as a change of town to dislodge as great as you talent . mrs elton oh , well , I myself do not call it great ! I just know that my friend think so . ( pause ) oh ! we meet the weston . he be already a favorite with I ! and I be astonished that she be so ladylike ! be she not you governess ? emma Mrs Weston 's modest propriety make she a model for any woman . mrs elton ( cut off Mr elton 's mumble ) and do you know who come in while we be there ? emma I can not imagine ! mrs elton knightley . emma knightley ? mrs elton knightley ! ah , Mr E 's friend ! well , there 's one friend with whom you need not be ashamed ! quite the gentleman ! emma ( think ) knightley ? scene 33-highbury emma never see he before and she call he knightley ! harriet I see she at church and she seem - emma vulgar ? base ? conceit ? crass ? how do you do Mrs Star ? mrs STAR good Morning , miss woodhouse ! emma she actually seem pleased to discover that Mr knightley be gentleman ! I doubt he will return the compliment and find she a lady ! Mr Simons ! mr simon good Morning , miss woodhouse . emma good morning ! she propose that we form a musical club ! be it possible that Mr elton meet she while do charitable work in a mental infirmary ? there be only one thing to do with a person as impossible as she . harriet what ? emma I must throw a party for she ! otherwise everyone will feel at once how much I dislike she . scene 34 -highbury chapel mrs elton we be so excited about the party ! do you know who I just adore , who I want to wrap up and put in my pocket ? emma knightley ? mrs elton Jane fairfax ! I rave about she ! do you know what I admire most about she ? she 's timid . I be a great advocate of timidity . but I daresay you know the line of the poet . for many a flower be bear to blush unseen . we can not allow they to be verify by sweet Jane ! emma there be no danger of that ! the cambell take great care of she . mrs elton whatever advantage she get from the cambell have palpably come to a end , but if you and I set a example , many will follow . we live in a style which could not make the addition of Jane fairfax the least inconvenient . I be simply go to adopt she , and I think that you should do it with I . scene 35-randall emma for the first time in my life , I feel sorry for Jane fairfax . whatever she may have do , she do not deserve Mrs elton . mr knightley Jane may be glad of Mrs elton 's attention since they be available to no one else . emma she seem to receive ample attention from you . mr knightley anyone may know my regard for she . emma oh ? do you know she highety ? mr knightley oh , so you two have be settling that I should marry Jane fairfax ? emma no ! you could not come and sit with we if you be marry . mr knightley Jane fairfax be a very charming young woman , but she lack a open temper which a man wish for in a wife . I have admiration for she , but no think beyond . not at all . none. no . ah , I see Mr Weston be at home . I will go and see he . emma well , Mrs Weston , what do you say about you suspicion now ? mrs weston he seem very occupy with he not be in love with she . it seem certain that he be ! scene 36-hartfield mr knightley it be most kind of you to invite Jane fairfax this evening . emma you word the other day shame I . I have not try as I should have . mr knightley you be capable of great kindness . emma I fall short so often , and I highly doubt she will find this a kindness . mrs elton Jane ! you be a very , very fragile creature ! you pay no regard of the delicacy of you constitution ! Jane ... knightley ! help we ! knightley ! Jane go to the post office today in the rain ! a great peril to she health ! this be a sign that I be not there to take care of you ! knightley , tell she ! tell she ! mr knightley I be sure she know what she can endure , Mrs elton ! but of course . do take care of yourself . jane thank you . ( later , at dinner ) butler Mr Weston mr woodhouse ah ! we have quite give you up ! I be afraid we have to start without you ! mr weston oh , forgive I , Mr woodhouse , Emma , no please . the journey be especially slow , or perhaps it just seem so , as I have some good news that I be eager to share . Frank 's aunt be on the mend , and Frank be take a house in highbury ! mr woodhouse good news indeed ! mrs elton well , well , well , I shall have to do something with Mr E to welcome he , hey , Mr E ? ( cut off Mr elton ) highbury 's a little different since he leave . there 's be a addition , if I may presume to call myself a addition . personally I would not , as you know I be just quote other people , but I think Mr Frank churchill will find one or two small change in the vicinity since he last come to visit he dear father ! scene 37 -hartfield , emma's room emma ( write in she diary with voiceover ) Frank churchill . I must own that I be not in love with Frank . I have not think of he at all except for the mention harriet make of he the other day . emma ( speak ) harriet ! and Frank ! oh , would not that be charming ! emma ( think ) it would so relieve I to know that harriet be well take care of . perhaps I could bring they together at the ball ! lucky the man who exchange Emma for harriet ! scene 38 -donwell abbey mr knightley I can think of nothing less appeal than a evening of watch other people dance . go on . emma well , then you shall have do dance yourself ! mr knightley I have no taste for it . I would rather fetch that stick . emma I will try to remember to bring it to the ball . mr knightley I just want to stay here where it 's cozy . scene 39 - weston ball frank miss woodhouse ! emma Mr churchill ! I come early to see if I could be of service to you father . frank actually , you be late ! the whole party be here to help my father prepare for the party . emma be you wait for someone ? frank oh , Mrs elton ! emma Mrs elton ? why ever for ? frank I hear much of she . she be bring Jane fairfax in she carriage , so perhaps we may finally ask Jane fairfax about Mr dickson . or have you acquire the courage in my absence ? oh , be that they ? do excuse I emma Frank just tell I the most fascinating thing . mrs weston tell I . emma he 's hear about Mrs elton and he still want to meet she ! miss bate I always say , always , that there be no place where the people be as nice as in highbury . we be not two step out of the carriage , not two , well , it be possibly less , when Frank churchill come bound up ! he be bound , I tell you , to see if we need any assistance ! he be so obliging ! oh , Mr churchill ! I be just tell miss woodhouse and Mrs Weston how obliging you be ! I shall never forget you kindness , not as long as I live . nor to mother , since you replace the rivet in she spectacle , not only have they be as good as new , they have be better . oh , be not this room just like a fairyland ? how do you like Jane 's hair ? she do it herself ! oh , look , there be the hearses ! I must go and say hello ! emma harriet be all alone . mrs weston do you not dance , Mr elton ? mr elton most readily , Mrs Weston if you will be my partner . mrs weston oh , dear I , I be no dancer , let I find a better partner for you . mr elton though I be a old marry man , I would enjoy dance with Mrs Gilbert . mrs weston Mrs Gilbert tell I she do not mean to dance this evening , but I do see a young lady whom I should like to see dance . miss Smith . mr elton miss Smith . I have not observe she there . well , you be most obliging to have point she out to I , and be I not a old marry man , I should gladly do the job , but my dance day be over . ( later ) emma I can only say that at the moment you take good to the form I be glad to call you my friend . mr knightley the elton be unpardonable . I must say they aim at wound more than just harriet . they seem to want to snub you too , Emma ! why ? certainly , Mrs elton have no reason to dislike you . confess now , old friend , you do want to he to marry harriet . emma I do , and they can not forgive I . oh , dear . how could I have make such a misjudgment ! what be the point of I be almost twenty - two when there be still so much for I to learn ? mr knightley you know more than you realize ! emma I know I must own to you to be completely wrong about Mr elton . there be a littleness to he which you discover that I do not . mr knightley in return for you acknowledge so much , I say that you choose for he better than he choose for himself . but harriet Smith have some first rate quality about she that Mrs elton be entirely without . you friend surprised I , most pleasantly . mr weston Emma , dear , it 's the last dance . will you please come and set a example for you companion ? emma gladly . mr knightley whom be you go to dance with ? emma with you , if you will ask I . you have show yourself to be a fine dancer , despite all you protest , and it would not be improper for we to dance . after all , we be not brother and sister ! mr knightley brother and sister ! no , no , indeed we be not . scene 40 - road to hartfield emma what of you news ? harriet we must wait until we be at you house in front of the fireplace . it must happen there . emma very well . be not the ball lovely ? harriet oh , I have the most wonderful time ! it be out of a dream --- emma do not worry , dear . let 's move a touch more quickly . tell I more about the ball . harriet I have such ... it be very ... gypsies Quick ! get she purse ! get around they , damnit ! pull , damn you , pull ! frank stand aside ! scene 41-hartfield harriet oh , how can I ever thank you ! how brave you be ! I owe you everything ! frank miss woodhouse will make thing right . if I be no longer need , I must go and meet my father . harriet of course . bless you for you help ! bless you again and again ! emma goodness ! what a afternoon ! harriet all this trouble to do something which I should have do long ago . I have come to a decision about Mr elton . I shall never forget he or he wife at the ball . to prove my sincerity , I shall now destroy something which I have think to cherish always . you know what this be , of course . can you have forget ? Mr elton cut he finger , and you urge I to bind the wound . I cut too much bandage , and he play with the extra little bit while I finish it up . he leave it by he chair , and I , in my nonsense , make a treasure of it . emma dear harriet . harriet but let I see . here be something which truly be he . he leave it here once , and I take it . I use to take it , and hold it , but no more . I want to be rid of this thing with you as my witness . I think I should burn they . emma I think it would be a wise and relieving thing to do . harriet Goodbye , Mr elton emma ( think ) hello , Mr churchill . scene 42 - BOX hill party emma when you get marry , you must eat strawberry at you wedding . harriet I shall never marry . emma really ? I be certain you be develop feeling for someone . the service he render you would endear he , naturally ! harriet oh , I can not tell you what I feel when I see he come to my rescue ! I go from agony to utter happiness at the sight of he . emma he be a fine choice for you , but do not let you feeling go until you be sure of he . I give you this caution now because I be determine never to interfere . I will not even say he name to you , only that raise you thought to he be a mark of you very good taste . ( later ) mrs elton I have some wonderful news . I have find a position for you . it be with a choice family in bath , and the position be in -- jane I be most oblige , but I would not consider leave highbury . mrs elton as you protector , I can not allow you to feel that way . I be sure everyone agree with I . what be you option ? after all , Jane . frank this sandwich be delicious , Mrs elton . you really be a gourmet ! mrs elton well , I never compliment myself , but my friend tell I I certainly know how to make a sandwich . now , Jane . I -- frank shall we all play a game ? I command that we each tell miss woodhouse something entertaining . you may offer one thing very clever , two thing moderately clever , or three thing very dull , indeed . and in return , miss woodhouse will laugh heartily at they all . mrs elton I do not pretend to be a wit , though I have a great deal of vivacity in my own way , of course . this diversion be tolerable at Christmas , when one be around the fire , but in my opinion , it waste the outdoors . miss woodhouse , you must excuse I . mr elton and I . I be a old marry man , and have nothing to say that would please miss woodhouse , or any young lady . miss bate well , I need not be uneasy , as long as we be allow to say dull thing . very dull , in fact . I should be sure to say thing very dull in fact as soon as I open my mouth , sha not I ? emma that may be a difficult thing . miss bate oh , I doubt that . I be sure I never fail to say thing very dull . emma yes , dear , but you will be limited in number , only three . miss bate . oh , to be sure . yes . I see , I see , I see what she mean . I will try and hold my tongue . I must have make myself very disagreeable or she would not have say such a thing to a old friend . just three . yes . mr knightley miss bate , will you give I the pleasure of you company whilst I pick some more strawberry ? miss bate oh , thank you , Mr knightley . that would be charming . ( later ) mr knightley Emma , how could you be so unfeel to miss bate ? how can you be so insolent to a woman of she age and situation ? I have not think it possible ? emma how could I help say it ? I daresay she do not understand I . mr knightley oh , I assure you , she feel you fool meaning . she can not stop mention it ! I wish you could have hear she honor you forbearance in put up with she when she society be so irksome . emma I know there be no better creature in all the world , but you must allow that blend alongside of the good there be a equal among of ridiculous in she . mr knightley be she prosperous , or a woman equal to you age and situation , I would not quarrel with any liberty of manner . but she be poor ! even moreso than when she be bear , and should she live to be a old lady , she will sink further still , she situation be in every way below you should secure you compassion ! badly do , Emma . badly do . she have watch you grow from a time when she notice of she in honor to this , humbling she and laugh at she in front of people who would be guide by you treatment of she . it be not pleasant for I to say this thing , but I must tell you the truth while I still can , prove myself you friend by the most faithful counsel , trust that sometime you will do my faith in you great justice that you do it now . scene 43-miss bate ' house maid oh , good afternoon , miss woodhouse . please come in . wait here please . miss bate just tell she I be unwell and lay down upon the bed . scene 44-hartfield mr woodhouse you mean you walk all the way , and on such a cold night ? mr knightley certainly I walk . mr woodhouse my dear ! how do you find my old friend , and she daughter ? Emma have call on Mrs and miss bate . she always show they such kindness . emma no , father . they have be the one to forbear and show I kindness . mr woodhouse nonsense , daughter ! the charity that you have give they be -- emma I have give they charity , but not kindness , a virtue which some friend may doubt I still have . mr knightley the truest friend do not doubt , but hope . I must go . I be leave town to visit John and isabella . emma I be sorry I be not here sooner so that we could have talk . mr knightley so be i. emma when will you be back ? mr knightley I do not know . there be a delicate and perplex matter I must discuss with my brother . emma well , then . mr knightley well , then . scene 45-hartfield emma ( write in diary ) Frank churchill 's aunt have die , take he away . this strengthen harriet 's chance with he since the aunt be sure to object . I continue in my effort to make amend with miss bate . though matter be not yet fully repair , I feel a renewal in we friendship be ahead of we . above all , I be most gratify to say that good Mr knightley ... Mr knightley ... have be privy to my attempt , could he have see into my heart , I think that he could find nothing to reprove . scene 46-randall mrs weston Frank be engage ! emma I can not believe it ! so quickly ? mrs weston quickly ? the engagement have be in place for some time . Emma , Frank have be secretly engage to Jane fairfax ! emma good God ! this can not be the truth ! mrs weston they have be engage since October , form a awayment through he friend Charles dickson . emma Mr dickson ... mrs weston he keep it secret because he fear he aunt 's disapproval . it have hurt both he father and I , more importantly , because of whom else it might hurt . emma I can not pretend I do not understand what you mean by that . therefore , let I give you all the relief in my power . there be a time when I be attach to Frank , fortunately that cease , for some time I have feel nothing for he . mrs weston this be my great worry . I be certain you know it be we wish you might be attach . imagine what we feel on you account . emma there be not need to worry about that . although how could he have come here and treat I in this fashion ? it be cruel , truly cruel ! mrs weston yes , dear , but I think you say you feel nothing for he . emma yes , but he do not know that . he be benefit from a very lucky coincidence . mrs weston now , Emma , he 's a good man , however wrong this action might be . dear , might I entreat you to put Mr Weston 's heart as ease ? he 's be as worried about you as I ! could you let he know how glad you be for Frank to have find a girl with such steady character ? emma I do not know how steady she character can be engage herself to a man who pretend not to be engage , then deceive attractive and feel young woman ! here be the luckiest father in all of England ! mrs weston thank you ! scene 47-hartfield harriet be that not the oddest news you ever hear about Mr churchill and miss fairfax ? have you any idea of it ? emma can you imagine , if I know , and I be encourage you to give way to you own feeling ? have I know I would have caution you ! harriet caution I ? why ? you do not think that I care about Frank churchill ? emma what -- what do you mean ? you say that you love a man -- harriet I hope I have develop better taste than to choose Frank churchill over he . Frank churchill .... furthermore , I would never have even dream of he except that you tell I he be wonderful ! emma yes , but I think you mean -- harriet that raise my thought to he would be a sign of my very good taste , that be you word . emma yes , but I mean they in reference to -- harriet and without have hear they I would never have dare to hope . emma harriet , please ! before we can go on , there be something that I must clarify ! be it possible that you be speak of ... Mr knightley ? harriet to be sure ! emma but you speak of the service that Frank have render in rescue you from the gypsy ? harriet oh , I never say that ! emma I remember it with perfect clarity . harriet if I speak of be rescue , I be think Mr knightley ask I to dance after Mr elton snubbe I . that be when I know how superior a man he be . emma good God ! what a horrible mistake ! what be to be do ? harriet must something be do about it ? you must think he five hundred million time more above I than Mr churchill , yet you do say ...? emma harriet , have you any idea of Mr knightley return you affection ? harriet yes , I must say that I have . you tell I to let he behaviour to be the rule of minute , and so I have ! be I wrong to hope as I do ? emma harriet , I can only venture to declare that Mr knightley be the last man on earth who would intentionally give any woman the idea of feel more for she than he really do . scene 48-hartfield garden emma this be tragic . mrs weston why be it tragic that harriet should attach herself to a man whom you admire so much . emma I have ask myself many time why this should have unsettle I , and I have come to see that I do not admire Mr knightley as I so long think . I love he , so dearly , so greatly . outside of you and father , he be the opinion that matter most . mrs weston oh , my dearest child ! emma I do not know it until poor harriet say that she have the hope of he return she affection that I feel ill that I could lose he , and I know that noone must marry Mr knightley but I ! mrs weston oh , heavenly ! emma but I be too late . just before leave town , he say : mr knightley there be a delicate and perplex matter I must discuss with my brother . emma I hope this brother advise he to be careful ! after all , we know nothing about he parent ! they could be pirate ! mrs weston my dear , I like harriet very much , as I might remind you , do you ! but remember , she feeling be evidence of she feeling only . nothing can be know until Mr knightley return . emma I long for it and fear it at the same time . I shall not know how to behave when I see he ! mrs weston let he behavior be you guide . emma but oh , dear ! if he seem happy than I know that he have decide to marry harriet , and I will not , I know I will not be able to let he tell I , I could not bear to hear the word . but if he seem sad then I shall know that John have advise he not to marry harriet . I love John ! or , he may seem sad because he fear tell I that he be go to marry my friend ! how could John let he do that ? I hate John ! mrs weston my dear , nothing can be do until he return , and until he do , you must try to put he out of you mind . can you do that ? emma certainly I can . I may have lose my heart , but not my self - control . scene 49-hartfield emma ( write in she diary ) dear diary , today I try not to think about Mr knightley . I try not to think about he when I speak about the menu with cook . cook oh , be Mr knightley come ? emma why do you say that ? cook Lamb stew 's he favorite . emma ( write ) I try not to think about he in the garden where I thrice pluck the petal off a daisy try to ascertain he feeling for harriet . I do not think we should keep daisy in the garden . they really be drab little flower . and I try not to think about he when I go to bed , but something have to be do . scene 50 - highbury church emma ( praying ) dear Lord , if he cannot share a life with I , be it wrong to ask that he not share it with anyone ? that we go on as we go on now , he stop by at any hour , always the brightest part of we life , a natural and easy member of the family . I would be content if he just stay single Lord . that 's it ! if he would just stay single , that would be enough to make I perfectly satisfied . emma ( aloud ) almost . amen . scene 51 -road to hartfield mr knightley Emma ! forgive I , I be lose in my thought . emma and how be you ? happy ? mr knightley well , happy to see you , as always . emma I do not know that you be back . mr knightley just . yes , just . emma ah . I be on my way home . mr knightley I be just there . May I join you ? emma of course . oh , dear ... mr knightley what ? emma what ? oh ! something about the deer that we need for the venison stew . mr knightley uh-huh . Emma , there 's something I have to ask . emma oh , wait , now that you be back , there be some news that will surprise you . mr knightley of what nature be this news ? emma the very best . it be a wedding between two -- mr knightley oh , yes ! between Jane and Mr churchill . Mr Weston write to I . emma undoubtedly you be not surprised . I seem doom to blindness . mr knightley time will heal you wound . emma my wound ? mr knightley I know you must have be cruelly disappointed by he secret . he 's a scoundrel . emma you be kind , but I must tell you that I quickly see quality , honesty be one , which be essential to I in any kind of friend . mr knightley Emma , be that true ? emma he impose on I , but he have not injure I . mr knightley yes , he get everything he want at great expense to other , and at no cost to himself . he offend I , deeply . yet there be something in he situation that I envy . emma do I mention we be have a new drain install ? mr knightley you will not ask I the point of my envy . well , perhaps you be wise . but , I can not be wise . Emma , I must tell you what you will not ask , though I may wish it unsaid the next moment . emma then do not speak it . do not commit yourself to something that will injure we both to have say . mr knightley very well . very well . good day . emma Mr knightley ! Mr knightley . I stop you ungraciously just now and give you pain . if you have any wish to speak to I about anything you have in contemplation , as you friend I can not refuse you . indeed , as you old friend , I will hear whatever it be you wish to tell I . mr knightley Emma ! you want we friendship to remain the same as it have always be , but I can not desire that . emma but why ? I know I make mistake , but have you be here the last few day you would have see how I have try to change ! please tell I I be you friend . mr knightley I do not wish to call you my friend , because I hope to call you something infinitely more dear . do you never wonder why I never befriend Frank churchill . it be because I know he be intend for you . indeed , when you insulted miss bate at the picnic , I think that evidence of he influence over you . and I could not bear to see it , so I go away , but I go to the wrong place . my brother 's house be usually a place of comfort to I , but see you sister there keep you fresh in my mind . and the torture , I assure you , be acute . I only feel hope again when I hear of Mr churchill 's engagement , and I rush back , anxious for you feeling , keen to be near you . I ride through the rain , but I would ride through worse if I could just hear you voice tell I that I might at least have some chance to win you . emma Mr knightley , if I have not speak , it be because I be afraid I will awaken myself from this dream ! it can not be true ! but I feel so full of error , so mistaken in my make - up to deserve you ! mr knighlty what of my flaw ? I have humble you , and I have lecture you and you have borne it as noone could have bear it . maybe it be we imperfection that make we so perfect for one another . marry I ? oh , marry I , my wonderful , darling friend ! let 's go to you father . emma oh , dear ! mr knightley what ? emma I can not marry you ! mr knightley whyever not ? emma my father ! first my sister , then Mrs Weston , I do not think he could bear my leave even for a man he regards as highly as you , I can not marry you ! I can not abandon he , I cannot ! mr knightley I could not secure you happiness by attack you father 's . as long as he joy require you be at hartfield , let it be my home , too . emma thank you ! thank you ! now , I need not call you Mr knightley ! I may call you my Mr knightley . scene 52-hartfield the narrator the elation Mr woodhouse feel be soon share by many . while this exchange lift the heart of the couple , there be one visit which do not . Emma know that harriet 's best chance for happiness be that she would marry as well , but it seem too much to hope that even harriet Smith could be in love with more than three man in one year . scene 53-hartfield harriet miss woodhouse ? May I come in ? emma oh , you need never ask ! please , do and tell I how you have be ! it seem week since you have be here ! harriet yes , well , I stay away at first because I think it would be easier for I . then I stay away , because I have something to tell you which I be afraid you will not like . emma harriet , nothing that you say would ever be unpleasant . harriet this be . that be , I think that you will think it be , though I think it as beautiful as a dream ! I have consent to marry Robert Martin ! emma whatever happen ? harriet well , after leave here the last time , I see he sister at a party . I fall easily into conversation with she , and soon enough , she invite I to dinner . Mr Martin be there , of course , and we talk as though we have never be apart ! as I leave , he ask if he could see I the next day , and I say that he could , and on the next day , he ask if he could see I the day after that , and on the day after that , he ask if he could see I all the day ever after . emma harriet ! harriet well , I know this disappoint you , but -- emma harriet , you mistake I . this be the perfect end for my sad career as a matchmaker , a role I gladly relinquish , by be instead so happily match myself . I hope you know I only want you happiness ! now that you have find it , it make my earth complete . scene 54 -highbury chapel narrator there be that who think the wedding a little shabby . mrs elton I do not profess to be a expert in the field of fashion , though my friend say I have quite the eye , but I can tell you , there be a shocking lack of satin . narrator however , the wish , the faith and the prediction of the small band of true friend who witness the ceremony be fully answer in the perfect happiness of the union . the end