fade in : ext . shanghai ( the bund ) - day 1 faintly hear , the SOUND of a English boy ' Church choir . we be look at the distant skyline of the shanghai bund see across the expanse of the dirty , fast - move huangpu River . nearer , the surface glitter of the water be break up by float object ... which turn out to be , first of all , flower , scattered singly and in garland , flow by with the tide tumble about in the wash of the cargo ship and motorize junk which we have see in the background . Inside the shot , after we have see the first coffin , there be a caption : " in 1941 China have be at war with Japan for four year and a japanese army of occupation control the area around shanghai . Inside the cit thousand of westerner live in the diplomatic security of the International settlement : they war be still half a world away . the day which be to change everything dawn at Pearl Harbor on December 7th , but in shanghai , on the other side of the Pacific date line , that Sunday morning be still the last day of the peace . i ext . shanghai cathedral - pm c 6 ) ob 9 2 we be still with the so of .. oy ' C ly . the european build the church and you would not know you be in China . there be nobody walk around because anyone who belong here be inside at worship . the worshipper ' car and limousine be wait to take they home . each car have a chauffeur and it be the chauffeur , when we see they , who show we that we be not in Surrey . we start to take a special interest in one of the car , a new Packard , and in its chauffeur , who be call yang . int . shanghai cathedral ( choir stall ) - day 3 the SOUND track '' come home " now as we see the boy chorister in full throat . in good time for the " amen " we come in close to one of the | boy , and this be we introduction to jim , age 11 . he be hot and uncomfortable and not a very pious chorister . sing mechanically , he shift he gaze around and use he finger to loosen he collar . " amen . " ext . shanghai residential STREET - day the Packard through the release . int . moving ( Yang drive , Jim nex : dust of a side - street , packard - day t to he ) bowl along a feel of happy Jim , in " Sunday clothes " , be remove he school tie . go Yang shake pl jim ( plead ) on . he head . jim ease , Yang . just once more , show I how you do it in the film . Yang glance to the gas . over he shoulder and then put he foot hard ext . shanghai residential STREET - day foot in the air , four- wheel 's lide during which .... int . moving packard - of mc we see Jim hi pleasure ... as Yang , other contro dispose of which he get . cheer he ext . amherst the Packard as it pass each of the perhaps bare into one of who sit by tin on the g anging on for dear lling th h 0¢89 life and shouting with with one foot on the gas pedal and the '' steering wheel , karate - chop the air , imaginary enemy in the back seat ... after s$ the car under normal on . . avenue - day continue , now avoidin control with Jim g bicycle and pedestrian the gateway of the european house . gateway be the territ ly register until we the gateway and we no . the gatepost in rag , round as the Packard si ory of a beggar . this see the Packard turn the the old destitute man bang a empty cigarette - weep by . 10 11 11a 12 13 14 int . moving packard - day 9 Jim twist in he seat to look at the old destitute man . jim be Pov - old destitute man 10 from the move car . ext . jim' house ( lawn ) - day will the giant shadow of a plane pass over he . jim Zero sen . angle on plane 11la Jim know he plane , it 's a Zero . angle on jim 12 he sit on he bike next to the pool . the pool be a marble affair with mosaic on the bottom and lie in the middle of a vast green lawn . Yang fire Jim 's imagination and he be carry he air rifle , and when a imaginary gangster creep up behind he , Jim whip around and fire . Jim get on he bike and coast down the slope of the pool , past the flower bed and the lily pond . of ae es angle on gardener L avsowi he crouch by a flower bed and watch the boy ride past , towards the house , dispatch imaginary villain to a better world on the way . ext . jim' house ( establishing shot ) 13 it 's Surrey in the sun , a wistful colonial re-creation of a manor house . only the spiral of a pagoda ( in the bg ) tell we that we be not in England on a rare sunny day . int . jim' house ( live room ) - day 14 jim' mother , a English woman , smoking a English cigarette while listen to English music ( " we be the girl every boy adore ? " ) on a american radio , look out the open door . 15 16 17 18 ext . jim' house ( lawn ) = day jim' mother be Pov - jim riding he bike on the lawn . angle on jim' mother '' she smile to herself and go back to she Magazine . we know she love Jim very much because she be surround by picture of he ( Jim as a baby ; Jim as a toddler ; Jim on he first day of school ; etc . ) . the music on the radio be interrupt by a news bulletin ( war news ) . int . jim' house ( jim' bedroom ) - evening Jim 's bedroom have quite a few trophy of a lucky boy 's life ; a beautiful kite , a air rifle , roller skate . but , it serve mainly as a shrine to the airplane . there be model plane everywhere ; some hang realistically from thread on the ceiling ; other stand pose for take off on the dresser . Jim sit behind a boy desk while the family beagle devour Jim 's dinner which he have put on the floor . Jim be write furiously in a school book . after a few moment , he hear he parent get ready for bed ( the close of door and the run of water ) . Jim close the book . angle on the book emch 0689 it read in childish script , " Contract Bridge the James harding Way " . int . jim' house ( hall ) - evening Jim creep through the hallway , he parent bedroom door be partially open . he sees he mother behind she make - up mirror , remove she eye shadow with a piece of cotton wool . rouge , powder , and lipstick be stripped away until she face look blank . then she open she nightgown and , with a big powder puff , apply some talcum powder ( against the heat ) on she chest . the radio be on , play war news . angle on jim he be fascinate by he mother . continued be 16 17 18 | | t 18 19 20 continued : ° the talcum powder billow around Jim 's mother . she see Jim in she mirror . int . jim' house ( hall ) - evening 19 quietly , Jim turn away from he parent bedroom and make he way to he own room . jim' mother ( os ) good-night , darling . convince that he mother have supernatural power , Jim freeze in the hallway . int . jim' house ( jim' bedroom ) - night 20 angle on jim he wake up . he sees he mother 's cigarette glow in the dark and , when she take a drag , he can briefly see she whole face . jim' mother hello , Ace . I be soma hf 6 C 8 9 what do he say ? jim . ( drowsily , like a little boy ) nothing , he be play tennis . his mother laugh . Jim , irritate by the smoke , wave it away . his mother get up and put she cigarette out in the wash basin . . 's jim will there be conjurer at the party ? jim' mother I expect there well be . what 's a Party without conjurer . ( pause ) but you mus not show disappointment if there be not any . : jim ( thoughtfully ) no , that would be rude . continued 20 21 22 continued ? 6 jim' mother how be you girlfriend ? jim Vera ? ( pause ) she really be not my girlfriend , you know . she say I be a lucky boy because we live in a big house . jim' mother well , you be a lucky boy . jim be you a lucky woman ? be my father a lucky . man ? a wave of emotion come over Jim 's mother and she hug she son . jim' mother ( whisper ) we be the luckiest people in the world . she let Jim go and walk to the door . jim' mother good-night , Jamie . como meh c89 and she close the door . angle on jim his eye be open as he hear the drine of the japanese squadron in the sky . int . jim' house ( live room ) - day 21 we see that a wind - up gramophone be play the scratchy music of a bygone England , and in the mysterious afternoon light , more mysteriously still , a pierrot be dance quietly and alone to the music . ext . jim' house - day 22 the gramophone music continue faintly . 's we see Jim 's house and the Packard park outside the front door with Yang behind the wheel . 23 24 25 26 int . jim' house ( jim' bedroom ) - day 23 Jim be dress in a sinbad outfit . Jim choose a plane to take with he to the fancy dress party and he settles on a balsa - wood glider . ext . busy shanghai STREET - day 24 we be immediately in a very crowded street scene . car ' horn blare continuously as the traffic push slowly through the bicycle and rickshaw , go past shop , night club , gambling dens , and a hotel . the hotel be crown by the free-stand letter of its name , against the skyline : cathay HOTEL . the pavement and roadway be crowded with a bewilder mixture of pedestrian . chinese peasant go to market with burden of fruit and vegetable and bale of cloth hang from yoke , and STREET vendor sell cage songbird , live chicken , snack of fry snake ... and then , outside a cinema show " the hunchback of Notre Dame " , a couple of dozen . hunchbacks in medieval costume welcoming the customer ; who be also be solicite by a few neatly dress european refugees try to sell small piece of jewelry to the richer chinese and european enter the cinema . two or three jewish boy be be chase by a gang of german boy with swas dg : if\i ening in the thick of the meleg you rs the flower - deck coffin es l¥ingyni et . chinese police move in to separate the brawling german and jewish youth . the Packard be part of all this . int . moving packard ( shanghai STREET ) - day 25 Yang be drive . next to he be sinbad the sailor . Yang glance into the drive mirror and see a pierrot and a pirate with a black eyepatch ( Jim 's father ) in the backseat . what he think about it all , we do not know . Jim be hold he model glider . ext . busy shanghai STREET - day 26 beggar , be lay siege to the slow - move vehicle . a small , beggar boy jump up at the window of the Packard with a cry . continued 26 27 28 29 continued : 8 beggar boy _ ( in chinese ) have pity on I . the move Packard pass through and Jim turn to look at he . we be approach a check - point divide the International settlement from the rest of shanghai . ext . shanghai STREET check - point - day the Packard be in a line of car slowly move through the checkpoint . this be a kind of frontier manned by british soldier and chinsese police . there be a british army officer perch on top of a armored car . he be supervise the chinese police who be control the people pass through the checkpoint in both direction . ahead of the Packard be a open german tourer fly swastika pennant , evidently a party of important german civilian . the Packard be wave through the checkpoint . ext . lockwood house ( establishing shot ) ~- day this be a establish skotg rin perey tre cc! d , among other car , have arrive t lear hai é@ be no longer " in town " . U for the lockwood ' be well - off british resident and have a appropriately spacious house . the chauffeur wait . faintly hear , the SOUND of child shriek with laughter . the main point about the " lockwood location " , which may be clearer when we move to the terrace - side of the house , be that the house be at the edge of a disus airfield which be mainly grass . ext . lockwood house ( terrace ) - day the SOUND of child squealing and laugh os . we pick up on the balsa- wood and tissue - paper model plane glide into the water at the edge of a swim pool . it be retrieve by maxted , a rakish figure in a sharkskin suit continued 27 28 29 ; 29 30 31 continued : 9 and a Panama hat with a distinctive band , a glass in he hand , a cheroot in he mouth . the plane be reclaim by Jim . he be wear the sinbad outfit . he have run up to maxted , who give he the plane . maxted there you be , Jamie . navigation problem ? jim thanks , Mr. maxted . you come as yourself . maxted ( acknowledge he own clothes ) quite fancy enough . you be miss the conjurer . jim I have they at my party . another angle 30 this show that at the other end of the terrace a group of child , all in various fancy dress , be sit down be entertained by chinese conjurer and acrobat . the terrace lead into the hous 0 ) yp door and we be aware of the grownup insid in cy / 3 ; one of this , dress as Father / chri as t 0 ) le , come out and call to maxted . " ( i . ) lockwood Max ! - do you want to hear the news ? without wait for a answer , lockwood go back into the house ... join the guest inside . we go with he . int . lockwood house - day 31 there be perhaps 30 guest . most of they be in fancy dress . there be a elaborate buffet , which be now be serve to a bizarre collection of character some of whom we will glimpse again at a very different " buffet " later on , and they will stay in we memory : a emperor , a french courtesan , a ali baba , a carmen miranda , a charlie chaplin , and so on . mrs . lockwood , dress as Britannia , be in charge . we take time to notice a large bowl full of bank note and label " spitfire Fund " . ° the guest who be not at the buffet be preoccupy with a radio broadcast deliver the BBC overseas newscast which compete with the babble : continued 31 32 continued : 10 radio ( vo ) - ... have hold up the german advance on the Eastern front . this bulletin will be follow by a report from we . correspondent with the Russian army which be poise for a massive counter - offensive . meanwhile , in Washington , the japanese ambassador have again be summon to the White House for talk on the japanese sphere of influence in the South Pacific . on he way to the meeting , the ambassador repeat assurance to reporter that Japan have no warlike intention towards the United States . at home , the Minister of food ... the pierrot and the pirate be , of course , among the guest . ext . lockwood house - day 32 maxted I rely on you to keep I up to date on the war , Jamie . especially military aviation . maxted look up towards the drine of a airplane fly ns emgh 0089 Zero ? jim ( squinting up ) nakajima . two machine gun . which side be go to win , Mr. maxted ? maxted our , of course . jim oh , that war . maxted it 's the war . Europe , North Africa ... China be not we war . jim i I would like to be a pilot someday ... a brave fighter pilot . continued i 32 33 34 continued : 11 maxted they will jump at you . I hear you have resign from the scout . jim yes . I have become a atheist . Jim look at he mother through the open live room door . jim be Pov - live room 33 Jim see he mother and Mrs. lockwood engage in a animated conversation with a young Lieutenant ( lieutenant price ) . Lt. price be the embodiment of the byronic officer . he be young , no more than twenty , extremely handsome ( a la rupert brooke ) , and dash . Lt. price reach over to a fruit bowl and pluck a red shiny apple from it and he bite rather savagely into it . lt . price it 's very ripe . Mrs. lockwood and Jim 's mother titter nervously . ext . lockwood house ( garden ) - day 34 Jim launch he warden rgss™ 's ga om the pool and the house , colee bx sue £y go to travel a iepresst ba : cit . ~ maxted ( call after he ) where be you go ? jim ( run , over he shouldei} see something ! maxted turn to look at the magic show which be come to one of its climax to appreciative squeal and applause ; two of the acrobat , one on the other 's shoulder , blossom into a eruption of red paper and turn themselves into a large red cockerel . maxted evidently have see it all before . Jim 's father approach maxted from the direction of the party . he be carry he glass and a dish of snack . maxted you boy tell I he 's a atheist . continued 34 continued : 12 jim' father - I always think he be . Chow time . Jim 's father offer a snack . maxted take one and nibble . jim' father Hitler 's bog down two hundred mile from Moscow . I give he three month . maxted good show . he sees a chinese man , mr . chen , stand by himself in a business suit . he watch the Party with detachment . maxted ( to Jim 's father ) there be somebody I would like you to meet . they walk over toward Mr. chen . maxted Mr. chen , allow I to introduce you to a friend of mine . jim' father James hardi - Ho ou . Mr. chen be a extremel ure fm 0 a mey anda face where irony and ea esion live sidé by side . mr . chen ( in beautiful accentless English ) Mr. harding , I know of you . jim' father ( surprised ) oh , really ? mr . chen yes , some of my associate help organize the worker in you factory . jim' father ( laughes ) well , they do a good job . mr . chen May I give you some advice , Mr. harding ? continued 34 35 continued ( 2 ) : 13 jim' father _ of course . mr . chen you be not a bad man . get out of shanghai while you can . because the japanese will take the city like they take nanking . jim' father they have leave we alone so far . mr . chen ( sigh ) Mr. harding , we have be fight the japanese for year and consequently , we have no illusion about they intention .. maxted which be ? a aide to Mr. chen walk up to he and whisper something in he ear . Mr. chen nod before direct he attention back to maxted and Jim 's father . _ mr. chen to dominate the Pacific . but we shall defeat they . and then , gentleman : - - wr , ful ( with {oor i * for 4 ) B g we shall tak back ( with eae in now , if you will excuse I . and Mr. chen and he aide quickly leave the party . jim' father ( watch Mr. chen disappear ) formidable fellow , what ? glancing casually across the airfield , maxted evidently sees something which cause he suprise and perhaps concern . his Pov show we nothing untoward at first , but then some kind of movement in the distance briefly reflect the sun back to we . 35 36 37 38 39 14 ext . abandoned airfield - day 36 the airfield be not in use , but derelict and overgrown , with a occasional blockhouse cover in turf and wild sugarcane and nettle . carry he plane , Jim wade purposefully across the field , pass a burial mound with rotting , lidless coffin protrude from the earth . Jim pause to peer into the coffin , look with interest at the yellowing skeleton and skull embalm in the _rain - wash mud . he move on and reach a crash japanese fighter plane , partly stripped , with vegetation grow through it , the metal rusted . Jim walk around the tail , pleased to see the plane , and step onto the wing -root . he put he model plane on the wing and climb into the cockpit . int . crashed fighter ( abandoned airfield ) - day 37 sitting in the cockpit , Jim examine and touch what be leave of the instrument panel . he mime lift he goggle off he forehead over he eye , look sideways and raise he hand in a signal - and the sigh of the wind in the grasses turn into the SOUND of fighter plane warming up all over the airfield . Jim add he own voice 01 m thé bo} no of the plane taxiing and 2 ngf off . 088 , he decide that he be in aepifal t8 a make machine gun noise with this mouth . ext . abandoned airfield - day 38 Jim climb out onto the wing -root , pick up he model plane and launching it . he jump down off the wing and run after it . jim be Pov - the model plane 39 sail quite a way and land on top of a ruin blockhouse . Jim run after it and start climb up the slope . from he vantage point , Jim see a fully - armed japanese soldier look up at he from a trench only a few yard away . then he see that there be more soldier sit along the whole length of the trench ... and that there be a second trench also full of japanese soldier , sit and smoking and glance up at Jim . he have come across a company of japanese infantry conceal on the old battlefield . as Jim watch , a japanese sergeant get to he foot casually pick up he rifle and stamp out a cigarette . the sergeant climb out of the trench and , ignore Jim , move to start cut off continued 39 continued : 15 Jim 's retreat . sigh quietly to himself , the sergeant start . to climb up the slope toward Jim . Jim be now fright - ened . Jim 's father 's voice be heard call from the distance . jim' father ( os ) Jamie ! the sergeant stop climb and look thoughtful . 40 - we see Jim 's father , still dress as a pirate , anxiously 40 search the field and call Jim 's name . from where he be , Jim 's father can see the japanese sergeant and more japanese infantry half - conceal in the grass . then he see Jim approach in the distance . Jim 's father make to start run . he be immediately stop by maxted 's level voice . another angle we see maxted have also move into the airfield . maxted stand still , John . Jim 's father hold he breath while Jim approach , skirt another trench , watch by japanese soldier . IM ' ther sieemeh 0089 hello , Jamie . fe} run Jim reach he father and they turn and walk back hand - in-hand toward the house , maxted also wait for they on they way . jim' father come on , you be miss the party . jim I leave my plane . jim' father never mind . finder keeper , eh ? they reach maxted who now move with they . jim' father thanks , Max . jim the soldier look as if they be wait for something to happen . continued 40 41 continued : 16 jim' father yes . jim they do not look angry or anything . jim' father no. maxted it 's not they anger , it 's they patience . maxted look back uneasily . then the three of they move back into safety . ext . lockwood house - day 41 the party be break up . we be at the front of the house where the limousine be park , some already leave , guest in various fancy dress get into car , Mrs. lockwood bid good - bye to people , the depart child each with a present to take home . Jim 's father be stand talk - to lockwood who still wear he Father Christmas outfit , but have take off he white beard . I R '' you should nofe fie sngrepes ( hf} 8 G the rest of u be lockwood I have live in this countryside for year . no one have bother we . jim' father well , something 's up ... a depart car , maxted at the wheel , pause by the two man . jim' father +.- time to close rank . what say , Max ? maxted I would get Mary and the boy out altogether . he glance toward - Jim and he mother ( in she pierrot costume ) wait in the Packard , Jim in front , Yang stand by the car . continued 41 42 43 44 continued : 17 maxted somewhere safe . Singapore . happy Christmas , everybody . . he put he car into gear and move off . he drive past the Packard , wave to Jim . we hold on the Packard , Jim wave . int . stationary packard - day 42 Jim return maxted 's wave . jim actually , it 's be a rotten day altogether . Church in the morning , lose my plane this afternoon , Latin homework tonight . it 's probably be the worst weekend of my life . jim' mother let 's hope so . I will help you with you Latin . jim I be give up the choir anyway . '' jim' mother no , you be not . cme emer . 0069 Yang open the passenger door as Jim 's father arrive and get into the car , say - jim' father right , Yang . ext . stationary packard . - day 43 Yang close the passenger door and open the driver 's door , get into the car , start the engine . the car circle ' round past Mr. and Mrs. lockwood who wave good - bye . hand wave to they from the car . int . moving packard ( country road ) - day 44 Jim 's attention be direct through the windscreen and , as always , he attention be animated , self - sufficient . next to he , Yang drive . then , Yang 's eye change a little and he glance over he shoulder toward Jim 's father in the backseat . 45 7 46 @ 47 48 4g 18 yang Pov from packard = a japanese roadblock 45 up ahead . ' back to scene 46 jim' father all right , Yang . settle down , Jamie , no talk . he glance reassuringly at Jim 's mother . jim' father they be become a nuisance . ext . japanese roadblock ( country road ) - day 47 there be not very much to the roadblock . there be a pole across the road , with perhaps a couple of japanese military vehicle in attendance , and a handful of soldier . another european car with guest from the lockwood party , be just be allow through the roadblock . the pole descend again . the roadblock have also hold up a elderly chinese couple , share a bicycle on the back of which be roped a large sack of cabbage leave . a japanese soldier be use he bayonet to rip through the sack look for who know what . now the Packard arrive and halt . another japanese soldier approach Yang 's window . Yang roll down he window . the soldier attempt to open the car door , but it be lock . int . packard can mle q08 9 48 jim' father stay where you be , Yang . the soldier put he head into the Packard 's window and for a long moment gaze searchingly at Jim 's father and Jim 's mother . Jim himself look with frank curiosity at the soldier . Yang stare straight ahead . finally the soldier straighten up and give the order for the pole to be raise . the Packard drive through the roadblock , pass the bicycle and the old couple . int . moving packard - day 49 the conversation in the backseat , in low tone , be private without be secretive . continued 49 50 51 continued : 19 jim' father - we be go to move into the hotel for a few day . jim' mother why , John ? jim' father ... see which way thing be go . I do not want you and Jamie alone in the house . jim' mother the jap be not allow into the settlement . jim' father the jap be not allow into manchuria . the jap can go anywhere they like . if the war come East , I do not know who will save we . ext . jim' house - day oo 5 the Packard , occupant as be fp ling of sidé he front door . from " save we " the 's efhap ; '' two or three gardener worki tsi®e '' the h eh en to the house servant open the front door as the family get out of the car . jim' mother ( to Jim , crisply ) one suitcase , no aeroplane . and do not forget you Latin book . int . jim' house ( hall ) - day 51 enter the house , Jim 's mother go straight up the stair , meeting a servant ( amah ) who press herself against the wall . Jim 's mother speak to she briefly in chinese ( about pack Jim 's suitcase ) . Jim 's father enter a ground floor room through whose door we might see he pick up papers from a desk and put they into a briefcase . but we stay with Jim who move through the front hall , stripping off he sinbad tunic , toss it inaccurately at a chair so that the tunic slip untidily to the floor . Jim disappear towards the kitchen . 52 53 20 int . jim' house ( kitchen ) - day 52 Jim enter the kitchen of the house , and go straight to _ the refrigerator . when he open the refrigerator we see that it be full of good thing . Jim drink from a bottle of milk , replace the bottle , close the vefrigerator , and " steal " a tasty morsel from under the busy hand of a chinese cook . '' int . jim' house ( jim' bedroom ) = day 53 amah be pack Jim 's suitcase . Jim enter the bedroom , hurry . jim thanks , amah . as he take off he shirt , the amah be carefully fold he school blazer , with the badge of the Cathedral School on the pocket , into the suitcase . Jim 's father appear in the doorway , half - dress . cme of , ose emer.008 9 the amah pick up a balsa - wood plane , perhaps because it be lie on top of the school cap which she need to pack . jim do not touch it , amah . it 's mine . jim' father Jamie ! do not ever talk like that to amah ! he have move toward Jim as though to strike he , but at the last moment , embrace he tightly . jim' father you must be kind . everything be go to depend on kindness now . he release Jim and relent . jim' father you can take one plane . a small one . fade out 54 55 56 57 $ 8 $ 9 60 21 fade in : int . cathay HOTEL room - night / dawn 54 the " small plane " be a pocket-size , metal die -cast , single engine japanese fighter . it be lie on a bedside table which we have not see before Jim be in pajamas , lie in a hotel bed . a airplane fly somewhere by , surprisingly close . Jim open he eye . jim ( murmur ) nakajima . Jim get out of bed and go to the window . jim be Pov - the river 55 some shipping moor , thi off af gu : move . nothing be yet distinct £. e. Jim now move back from the window and touch the switch 56 on the bedside light . ext . cathay HOTEL - dawn / dark 57 the light go on in the 10th floor window . a faint glow in the generally dark facade of the hotel . int . cathay HOTEL = dawn 58 Jim be dress for school . he be tie up he shoe and notice that one of the sole be start to come loose . from beside the bed , where rest the small model plane , he take a book , Kennedy 's Latin primer . he open it , but be attract to the window again . jim 'ss pov $ 9 it be now dawn and a japanese gunboat be signal ( a flash light ) toward a british naval vessel fly the White ensign . Jim return to he bedside and pick up a flashlight . 60 F I i i 61 62 22 int . / ext . cathay HOTEL - dawn 61 Jim be at the window , enjoy himself , laugh quietly as he blink the flashlight . a explosion tumble Jim off the window sill , crack the glass of the window and ignite the room in a brief glare . then another explosion , and the war seem to have start outside on the river . as Jim pick himself up fearfully from the floor , the connect door into the next room be flung open and Jim 's father _dash in , in he pajamas . jim' father Jamie ! jim I do not mean it ! it be a joke ! jim' father get dress ! jim I a == mct dor 9 Jim 's father go back through the door . Jim cautiously approach the windowsill , where he aghast face be light by flame . int . cathay HOTEL staircase / elevator 62 a mob of guest be bang on the elevator cage . Jim 's father and mother , drag Jim by the hand , be fight they way down the staircase . Jim be hold he school cap and he airplane . the plane almost get tear from he grasp in the crush . he stuff he cap and the plane into he blazer pocket . in the confuse hubbub and shout , a few phrase can be distinguise ... voice ... the whole damned american fleet ... on the radio ... at the bottom of Pearl Harbor ... jim do I have to go to school ? jim' father 's come on - jim I have not do my Latin . continued 62 63 64 65 66 continued : 23 the three of they , hand in hand , push through the mob and disappear down the stairwell . ext . cathay HOTEL - early morning 63 the road outside the hotel be full of panicking people , some of they push aside by a japanese armored car . a platoon of japanese infantry , with bayonet fix , be . trot towards they along the bund . Jim 's father hurry he wife and Jim along past the park car till they reach the Packard . they get into the car , which then move out into the stream of people . int . packard - day 64 jim' mother what be we go to do ? jim' father we have to get out - perhaps there will be a boat ... . ( he glance over : be shoulder at Jim ) , I be sorr m hegde the car can not move fér péobie . ' other wake ! have move in behind and in front . jim' Pov 65 show a japangse tank not far behind they . back to scene - 66 a englishman in shirt sleeve rap on the driver 's window . Jim 's father open the window . englishman there 's man in the water ... british ... the englishman move away , struggle through the crowd toward the river . jim' father Jamie , look after you mother . Jim 's father force he way out of the car and follow the englishman . he be hardly go before the whole car be give continued 66 66a 66b 66a cont . @ conn . 67 continued : 24 a tremendous blow : the car behind have be push into the Packard by a japanese tank . jim' mother Jamie , out of the car ! Jim pick himself up off the floor in the back and climb into the front seat when he find that he door will not open . by the time he get out of the driver 's door , he mother have leave the car and become part of the crowd . as the japanese soldier shove the crowd across the road they be face with chinese civilian shove back , struggle with whatever they can pick up , piece of break wood from cart crush by the tank , rock , etc . jim be Pov - he mother 66 a be be buffete by the panic mob . he see she desperate , scared face search anxiously for he . Jim shout and wave , try to attract she attention , but 66 B he view of she be already be obscure as the crowd flow around the Packard . mother ! mummy ! sew ton = a emch 0089 ws cont . be press back behind the cross bayonet of rifle hold by japanese soldier as they be shove by civilian try to fight back . Jim be knock off he foot . struggle to get some 66b space for himself , he find himself on the edge of the cont . crowd , the river in front of he . he run towards the river , and towards the direction take by he father , and when he get there , we catch up on the situation . ext . shanghai ( the bund ) = day 67 the ship 's cutter from the british vessel be sink in shallow water , full of wounded men . there be rifle FIRE from the japanese gunboat . british sailor , mostly wounded , be also swim and wading from the direction of the cutter . the british vessel ( the petrel ) be sink in mid-stream amid smoke and steam and flame . Jim 's father be among several british men who have stripped off they jacket and be wading through the mud to meet continued | | | i | ' 67 continued : 25 the wounded sailor who be drift and struggle towards the. shore . in the shallow the sailor collapse helplessly in the mud as the quicken tide ripple around they . the reverse shot show Jim struggle free from the chaos of the bund where japanese officer and soldier be scream order and lash about , and already there be dead body with bayonet wound lie on the wharf . Jim jump down into the mud and stagger towards he father who be attempt to pull a bloodied young sailor out of the water . Jim lend a hand and the effort exhaust both Father and Jim . jim' father good lad , Jamie - we bring they out . Jim and he father collapse on the mud . Jim 's father sit hold the sailor against he chest . the sailor 's uniform be burn and he face be blood stain . the first debris for e i fd they ; life - jacket and p ss ‘in ! i of canvas atte awning with its tr , ing rope . Jim 's father look towards the sink british poat . jim' father she 's go . a final explosion make a fog-bank in the mid-stream . more debris shower down from the explode boat . the White ensign , still attach to its break spar , splashes down into the water a few yard downstream . Jim wade downstream but the flag drown before he reach it . smoke and steam drift to the shore , envelop he . he lose touch and sight and he sense of direction . he can not see he father anymore . he wade up towards the embankment wall . the smoke thin for a moment allow Jim to see a line of japanese infantry draw up on the wharf with bayonet fix . Jim struggle to reach the roadway . a crowd of people be push along the road above he head . Jim pull himself up and be give a help hand by a woman in a black robe . we see then that she be a young nun . japanese soldier be shove the people away from the water 's edge . the nun pull Jim away with she . Jim look back towards the river . ° jim ( to the nun ) be the war over now ? 68 69 70 71 72 73 26 jim be Pov - the smoke 68 be clear in mid-stream , and only the super-structure of the petrel be show above the water . Beyond , on the opposite shore , the red disc of the rise sun balance on the eastern horizon . ext . amherst avenue - day 69 we recognize the. tree-line street where Jim life . Jim wearily walk up the street towards he gate . the beggar at the gate have disappear . by Jim 's gate there 's only the abandon cigarette-tin to remind we of the beggar . ext . jim' house - day 70 a scroll of paper with japanese character be fix on the door . Jim try the door and find it lock . jim amah ! he walk around the house , aware now of the desert feel . the garden be unkempt . the water level in the pool have drop a t no . the. water be mot clean . Jim hear a military vépi ppe . chip rid ide briefly as a japanese armored c. oe ! erie oi si r@jis a garbage flap set into the ° é@ house 's néar '' kitchen . Jim lift the flap , take off he cap and start to squeeze himself through the open . ext . / int . jim' house ( garbage chopper ) - day 71 the shot be of Jim squeezing between the blade of the electric garbage - chopper inside the chute . int . jim' house ( kitchen ) - day 72 Jim squeeze he way into the kitchen which be empty . he throw he cap on the table . int . jim' house ( hall and stair ) - day 73 Jim come into the hall . jim mother ! he go to the stair . 74 75 76 77 27 int . jim' house ( parent ' bedroom ) - day 74 the bedroom door be open carefully by Jim who then look in and come inside . the room have be disturb , perhaps loot . scent bottle and powder box have be sweep off the dress table . clothes be in disarray on the unmade bed . the polished parquet floor be cover in powder on which there be confusing footprint . the dress mirror have be splinter . Jim sniff the air , grimace . he come forward and examine the footprint on the floor , puzzle by they . there be the dainty footprint of a woman and the large print of soldier 's boot . it look like the footprint pattern in a dance manual , and Jim experimentally try to follow the dance , place he foot into the print until he can not make it work . he be stand against the bed . he sit exhaust on the bed and pick up he mother 's nightdress , bring it to he face and take comfort from its smell . he lie down hold the nightdress to he face . int . jim' house ( dine room ) - day 75 Jim be eat a meal , alone . he have laid he place carefully at the part of the table where ( we assume ) he always sit . the meal be a cold meal but evidentally the house have be leave with food in the pantry . there be a clock on the sideboard . we become aware of it in the moment that S &to £ 05 ry ext . jim' house ( swimming pool ) - day 76 Jim stand in the empty pool , examine the object which have be catch in the outlet . there be a surprising number of they - a wine glass , a hair slide , a rubber sandal , a marble , several copper . coin and finally a English half - crown and a pair of sunglass , both of which he pocket . Jim 's appearance have begin to change . he be start to look unkempt , a bit haggard . int . jim' house ( kitchen ) - day 77 Jim be try to drink from the kitchen tap , but only a occasional drop emerge from it . the fridge , its door open to reveal that it be bare , be stand in a pool of water . Jim shut off the tap , superfluously , and then go to the fridge and find a piece of cheese rind which he nibble . he drink from the ice-tray . his cap be on the table . 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 28 int . jim' house ( hall ) - day the empty hall . suddenly Jim appear on he bicycle , riding out of one room and into another . . int . jim' house ( dine room ) - day Jim bicycle slowly ' round the dining room table and out again . int . jim' house ( father' study ) - day Jim enter the study at some speed , expertly circle the desk , then knock over a lamp and swerving through a door into - int . jim' house ( live room ) - day Jim cycle in , zigzagge among the furniture , pass the wind - up gramophone which still have a record on the turntable . int . jim' house ( hall ) - day . we follow he on he bicy . Le , out gt e do , wing oom and across the hall , enjoying}hi is , al g night ‘to the swing door of the kitchen arg ough it . va oo i é int . jim' house ( kitchen ) - day Jim cycle around the kitchen table on which he cap be still lie . he scoops it up as he go by . as he leave through the swinging door , again we see that the front door of the house be open to the garden . ext . jim' house - day Jim , he cap on he head , ride he bicycle out of the front door and down the front step and along the drive through the gate into the street . ext . amherst avenue - day Jim ride briskly in and out of the tree , dodging the people in the street and ignore the japanese patrol which Marches by . he cycle away from we , ringing he cycle bell , until he be nearly out of sight . 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 i b I , 86 87 88 29 ext . residential STREET - day 86 Jim cycle past the gate of a handsome house , and out of _frame , and then back into frame and through the gate . int . handsome house ( kitchen ) - day 87 Jim be in the kitchen of the " handsome house " . the place be loot , the cupboard door hang open . among the object throw to the floor be a cookery book in glorious color . Jim pick it up and flip through the glossy page torment by color photograph of roast meat and iced cake ... he throw the book down and open the pantry door . Jim recoil from the putrefaction inside , disturbing a dense cloud of fly . ext . shanghai chinese STREET - day 88 Jim be cycle past a row of poor- look shop . Inside one of they he see two japanese private and sweeping everything off the shelf . Jim turn he bicycle towards the shop and come to a halt . he call to the one of the private . _ jim I surrender ! the private come out of fhe , sho : no push . ji bicycle sprawling into th 74 'o tt u - ( shout ) I surrender ! he the japanese private come forward to bar he way . Jim take a small model airplane from he pocket and hold it up to the private . jim ( shout ) Zero sen . this throw the japanese soldier off and Jim slip by he . a escort lorry full of capture british soldier pass by . Jim pedal furiously after the lorry . in the back of the lorry the british prisoner notice he and cheer he on , shout encourage remark . jim ( shout ) wait ! wait ! continued 88 89 continued : 30 but he soon fall behind . dissolve to ext . shanghai STREET - day 89 Jim ride he bike . the street be loud and excited , in the grip of a celebration of the overthrow of the european occupation of shanghai . but now there be a new occupation : japanese army lorry load with soldier be prominent in the traffic . a party of japanese officer move by . a giant poster of Chiang Kai chek be be stripped from a building . coca cola bill board be paste over with slogan and picture of the leader of the puppet regime . ( this be wang ching - wei ) . Jim , wear he school uniform , include the cap , be make he way through this . Jim hurry past the entrance of a cinema where " go with the wind " have be play the partly dismantle face of Clark gable and vivien leigh rise on they scaffold , and there be also a huge life-size replica of Atlanta in flame . behind it be the real flame and smoke of burn building . we note a foreign youth in a leather jacket who approach Jim . youth american boy ? t a h ( improvisieng ) U U } English . I be wai 's g of chauffeur . the youth look sceptically at Jim 's bike . Jim ride away quickly . youth English boy . you come now . jim no. Jim move away more quickly , follow by the youth . try to escape the youth , Jim ride across the street , dodging the rickshaw and the people . he look back and sees that the youth be also crossing the road , dodging through the traffic . Jim hurry along the gutter of the road , look over he shoulder . he see the youth keep pace with he . the road open up into a square full of people . Jim hurry into the crowd and change dire¢tion and look over he shoulder again . 89 a 89b 89c 89d 90 31 jim' Pov 89 a among the bob head , Jim see the youth look this way and that , the trail lose . Jim make he escape through the crowd and he continue 89b across the square until he come up against the back of a dense crowd which be silently watch some kind of spectacle in the open space .. - and , as Jim dodge and crane to get a glimpse , we see that it be a public execution : a young man in quilted peasant clothes be kneel on the ground , about to have he head severe . jim' Pov = crowd 89c they mutter with barely suppress fury . a few sturdy dockworkers make a threaten move forward . jim be Pov - japanese soldier 89d he be the officer in charge and he be get nervous . he shout a command . his japanese Soldiers put they bayonet on they rifle and push_the crowd back . they watch with horror and frustration . tent tm}s fvie off : again . the executioner ! é agi 0 a have the head of the crowd and en sweep wntga're sight . the crowd hiss with anger in unison and at the same moment ... a hand grab Jim 's wrist , close over Jim 's wristwatch , and a knife blade sweep towards Jim 's wrist which he pull away just in time . the knife be hold by the youth we have see before . Jim kick at the youth and start riding he bike as fast as he can , with the youth in pursuit and a few pace behind he , both of they twist and dodging through the crowd . Jim be very frighten , look over he shoulder . he turn into a alley and lose the youth . ext . crowded chinese STREET - day 90 jim be Pov - the STREET be narrow and so crowded that Jim , on he bicycle , be barely make way . pedestrian turn to look at he with curiosity and no friendliness . Jim have start to get nervous - with good cause : the youth pop up out of nowhere and have bring along he friend . he stop the bicycle grip the handlebar . Jim be immediately surround by scavenge boy who remove he school shoe and then he sock . hand be already claw at he blazer as Jim jump off the bike continued = < ) 91 continued : 32 and fight he way clear . terrify , he swerve and dodge into a narrow alley , pursue by the boy . the alley open out into another street . ext . another STREET - day Jim burst barefoot out of the alley and into the street and be nearly kill by a lorry . the lorry brake and Jim fall , unhurt . the driver of the lorry , a big young american call frank , jump out of the cab and approach Jim . the pursue boy be intimidate by he and they leave Jim to he . frank hello , kid . you alright ? jim yes , I think so . frank who belong to you ? where do you live ? jim 13 amherst Avenue ( he get to he foot ) I be wait for my mother and father . " emeh 008 9 delay ? some kind of crazy Brit kid . what 's you name ? jim James harding . I have write a book on contract bridge . frank yeah ? look like you nearly lose you shirt . jim they take my shoe . Frank pick Jim up and easily place he on the driver 's seat of the lorry . ( from now on Jim be barefoot until he be a resident of nantao Camp . ) frank I will give you a vide , maybe find you pa . continued 91 91 92 93 94 continued : 33 jim - alright . I expect my father will give you a reward . he once give a taxi driver five dollar for bring I home from hankow . frank be that right ? Frank be wear the work clothes of a american merchant seaman . Jim slide scross into the passenger seat and Frank get up into the cab . jim be you with the american fleet ? frank ( shaking he head ) just wait till basie see this . he start the engine . ext . shanghai shipyard - dusk 92 the lorry , Frank drive and Jim next to he , talk , work its way through whatis 3 [ to be fan @batidoriéd and derelict dockyard towa : poo ifhg hull df wetrepit , dry -dock cargo ship . t a 4 ext . basie' ship ( establishing shot ) - dusk 93 the lorry park close to the ship and Frank and Jim get down . Frank lead Jim into the ship through the gap leave by a miss plate in the hull , Frank carry a canvas sack , heavy . Jim be still talk , animatedly , but we can not hear . int . basie' ship = dusk 94 Inside there be a raise bamboo platform onto which Frank and Jim climb and along which they walk towards a steel ladder further on in the gloom . jim -.- and probably my parent be on a ship somewhere , on a boat to Hong Kong , and then they will send for I , and ... : frank kid , you be get on my nerve . continued 94 95 continued : 34 he send Jim up a ladder and follow , with he heavy sack clanking . int . basie' ship ( cabin ) - dusk 95 the steel door be push open and Frank shove Jim forward through it and follow himself . Jim be stand in a small steel - wall cabin up near the top of the ship , with a . charcoal stove send its smoke through a open skylight . the floor be litter with rag and bit of scrap metal , engine part , brass porthole . there be a cot and a couple of canvas chair . a man , basie , be tend to a cooking pot on the stove . Frank drop he canvas bag heavily on the floor . evidently it contain more scrap metal . Jim sway faint with hunger . basie look up . when he speak we realize he be , like Frank , a american . frank I find he run around , but I be sorry already . I do not know whether he 's hungrier or crazier ... basie ( kindly ) come in , boy . you look like you need to lie down ... my father have emch . 0 08 g pootung , he will be ingratiate to you . basie ingratiate ? Fine word . jim he once give a taxi driver ... he half - faint and sit on the cot . basie in a minute . you tongue 's run away . let 's have a look at it . gently , but efficiently , hé expose Jim 's gum and tooth and examine Jim 's mouth with he finger as impersonally as a dentist . basie that 's a well - keep set of tooth . someone pay a lot of bill for that sweet little mouth . Frank , you would be surprised how some people neglect they kid ' tooth . continued 95 continued : 35 frank ( angrily ) basie ! I do not sell one of this goddam porthole and that hongkew merchant be charge ten dollar for a bag of rice ! basie ( finger Jim 's blazer ) Cathedral School , too . frank Cathedral ? be he some kind of priest ? basie Frank , the Cathedral School . that 's a school for taipan . ( to Jim ) you must know some important people . what do they call you ? jim I once meet madam Sun yat - sen . she do not call I anything . I be only three and a half . basie madam Sun ? emeh 0089 basie I be pre pre ...sented ! frank we will be sit here up to we neck in junk eat rat when the jap walk in ... basie the jap be not look for we , Frank . nantao Creek be full of cholera , they have more sense . frank and if I sell every one of this thing there be not enough to get we a sampan up river to chunking - we would have to strip the Queen Mary ! ( to Jim ) . and we do not have enough rice for you , kid . continued | i 95 continued ( 2 ) : 36 during this dialogue basie 's finger have be busily explore Jim 's pocket , delicately but persistently . without fuss he remove Jim 's wristwatch . like a music hall pickpocket , basie come up with Jim 's comic book , which he look at briefly and replace in Jim 's pocket , then with Jim 's model plane , with which he do likewise , then a pair of sunglass , which he put on , and the half crown coin which he hold up in front of Jim 's eye between finger and thumb and conjure out of sight . basie leave he alone , Frank . ( to Jim ) what do you say you name be , boy ? jim Jamie . basie Jim . a new name for a new life . I imagine Jim 's folk get themselves pick up with all the other brit and now Jim 's look for they . he turn he attention to the cooking pot , produce two tin plate and carefully_start to dole ut cws , poxtion of rice and fish , Jim 's ! e pe lee nov with intense interest . basie affisc otic en $ spe ense . se pp basie tell I , Jim , have you meet any other chinese big name ? how about Chiang Kai chek ? jim that 's a corruption of he real name . basie corruption ? jim my mother tell I . basie a well - speak woman , Jim . good with word . be you interested in word , Jim ? jim a bit . I like plane . continued 95 continued ( 3 ) : 37 basie _ word be more important . put aside a new word every day . you never know when a word might be useful . collation . do you know that word ? jim no. basie we have that on the menus on the cathay - american line . a collation of cold meat . this be more of a fish stew . he hand Jim a plate of food . jim thanks ! basie Frank always eat after I , do not you Frank ? frank I always eat after you , basie . basie that 's because I think for we both . Frank have with souk abut fi it cargo . str sroee tile the first squall . | ' ches chew every mouthful six time . get the benefit . Jim rapidly push the food into he mouth with a tin spoon while basie watch he . basie let he food cool , meanwhile puffing delicately on a cigarette . frank you try go out there . basie Frank , we have get my lung , you know that . I can not be crawl around that hulk with a monkey wrench . he extinguish the cigarette , leave the rest of it to smoke later . he start eat . frank without I you would be in a camp right now along with he mummy and daddy and all the taipan who be riding this town before it roll on them . continued _95 continued ( 4 ) : 38 basie ( pause thoughtfully ) yes , there will be rich picking in that camp , Frank . maybe we should not leave shanghai in a hurry . Jim , with he empty plate on he lap , have fall asleep . basie you be a tired boy , Jim . shanghai Jim . basie carefully take the plate and spoon away from Jim . frank ( cynically ) you find any gold tooth in there , basie ? basie buying and sell , Frank . you know . life. 96 int . lorry cab ( shanghai STREET ) - day 96 the lorry be ina busy st igs mo , pe 's market . Frank be arivingpan i at be etn he and basie . Jim be ill a look i hav : nex uble ystay awake . Seas oupley basie be you sicken , Jim ? jim I be all right , basie . basie good boy . look alive , a sound commodity . everything else be garbage and you know what we do with garbage . jim do not throw I out , basie . I 'ma sound commodity . frank we have be feed he for three day and it be not pay . jim do not give up , basie , you will sell I soon , I just need feed up a bit . continued | | 96 97 98 continued : 39 frank ~ thinks he 's a smart kid . basie shut up , Frank . basie get out of the cab ( the lorry be travel at walk pace ) and Frank stop the lorry . ext . shanghai STREET - day 97 amid the teeming mass of people , basie have evidently see the person he be look for . he stride along to greet a chinese merchant preside over a stall of indeterminate scope . the merchant greet basie , but without pleasure and even skepticism . basie engage he in conversation , glance once or twice towards the lorry . the merchant be disgust with basie 's lack of moral value . int . lorry cab - day 98 jim Frank , what do basie want to buy with I ? 6 of of he do not gar e! ba uu ay faye 3 he can sell i of jim why can not he sell I ? frank nobody want you . you be worth nothing . you be skin and bone . soon you be go to be sick all the time . jim ( giddy with hunger ) if they do buy I what would they do with I ? they could not eat I , I be skin and bone . he be interrupt by basie 's return to the cab . basie ( disgustedly ) I think war be suppose to be good for business . continued 98 continued ; 40 jim - be this the commodity market , basie ? basie sure be , Jim . jim be the war go to end soon ? basie do not worry , Jim . I give the jap three month . jim that 's quite a while . basie it take time to stop a war . people have big investment to protect . like I and Frank and this lorry . right , Frank ? Frank nod . frank that 's right , basie . basie be still stand by the open door of the cab . he consider Jim for a moment . sie well , I do n't}know . be town , shan jim " maybe yo how to sell this desirable grade a I brass mounting . there 's I millionaire who start with less , Frank and I be hold you back . jim | ( not buy it ) : basie ... i... first I could show you where there 's rich picking ... hundred of house leave empty ... basie be that right , Jim ? jim I can show you some house I live in before Frank find I . they be luxuriant . . basie luxuriant ? all right , we will go and look at some of this big house . continued _ 98 939 100 continued ( 2 ) : 41 he climb up onto the cab and slam the door . basie go , Frank . Frank start up the lorry which move forward . basie fish Jim 's half - crown coin out of he pocket and start play nervously with it . jim thanks , basie ! basie you have good sense be bear there , Jim . I admire a boy who appreciate the good thing in life . I imagine there be a lot of good live . jim there certainly be good live , basie . there be opulence . basie opulence ? jim ( sell ) they have liqueur chocolate , white pianos , emcee - : ; ext . british settlement mce 0 0 8 5 99 the lorry be cruise . int . lorry cab - dusk 100 Jim be peer through the window , point this way and that way . jim that one have whiskey and gin and a white piano . that have whiskey and gin - no , just whiskey and a vradiogram . that have a cinema and martinis . basie never mind the drink - Frank and I be not plan to open a bar . continued i i i 100 1o1l 102 102a 102b continued : 42 jim that one have a dance floor make of mirror and a radiogram and a fountain and crystal chandelier . basie Crystal chandelier ? jim I think they be crystal . basie you be tired , Jim . frank how about cash ? basie that 's right , do you see any money , Jim ? jim here , Frank '' I do see 's oney . basie ... pile of note on bande ss : tably B fy take you to Pet jon . — turn '' 3 é basie glance suspiciously at Jim as the lorry turn into amherst Avenue . ext . jim' house - evening 101 the lorry turn through the gate . int . lorry cab - evening 102 jim wait out here ... I will go and ... he break off , he face lighting up as he look towards the house . this be because he can distinctly hear the sound of he mother 's favorite record on the wind - up gramophone . jim' Pov -. the front door 102a of the house be open and there be the yellow light of a lamp inside , and in the lamp light there be , apparently , a female figure , dress in white . - jim 102b I know she would come back ! continued 102b 102c 102d 103 103a continued ; 43 ignoring the startle basie and Frank , he reach across basie 's lap to open the door of the cab . basie look at the house , puzzle . basie' Pov = another figure 102 c in white have join the first and we see now that the figure be two man , japanese officer in fact , in white kimonos . there be the quiet sound of the music of the gramophone . then a japanese soldier appear in the twilight garden , come towards the lorry . int . / ext . lorry cab - evening 102d jim basie , they be jap ! Frank try to put the lorry into reverse . the two figure in kimonos ... japanese officer ... come run out of the house , follow by two more uniformed private . the soldier carry bamboo stave . the lorry stall . a soldier start lung at Frank through the open window of the lorry . Frank be shouting . the other door of the cab be open and basie and Jim be pull into the driveway by the other soldier . basie kneel in the gravel , accept the punch and kick of e tw ficerg . Frank lie on the ground be beat tbes by , i . Jim sit on the ground , look up fat fla ap ! i who look back at he , puzzle . Thi ic ' ome t : g#amophone still play . . ext . detention CENTER - day 103 angle on the screen ( screenwriter 's note : the audience ought to think that the movie have go to black and white . ) there be a car chase take place on the screen . one of the car make a expert four - wheel slide . we be now inside the car . the driver , who might be Yang , be control the steering wheel with he foot while a couple of gangster be get the brunt of the driver 's karate chop . the driver manage to ram one of he passenger against the car door which burst open . suddenly we see the back of Jim 's head . 103a jim ( shout ) it 's Yang . E 104 se 105 106 107 e 108 109 44 another angle 104 we see that we be in a open air cinema , which be occupy by about 30 prisoner . most of the prisoner , a bedraggle line of exotic and incongruous character line up , in the act of receive the remnant from a cooking pot , a meager meal of boil potato be dole out into they proffer mess tin ... the remain guest at lockwood 's party must have be round up soon after we last see they , and we recognize the french courtesan , Charlie chaplin , the Emperor , part of they costume miss , the party long past peak . some be already scraping the last of they potato from they mess tin , other be wait to receive they share . Father Christmas ( Mr. lockwood ) be among they , beardless now . angle on jim 105 he stand in front of the screen point excitedly at the image . the projector break down . angle on the projection booth 's two japanese gu . kobalie fe '' & ) own projector , while a third gua seand in neo beam and throw shadow on the screen . angle on jim 107 he turn towards the gate , angle on the gate 108 japanese sentries open the gate , and a whistle blows and the apathy of the detention center turn into something like activity . the lorry be ancient with a close cab and a open back . in the back of the lorry be a number of prisoner , mostly elderly man and woman , who be variously in a bad way . ext . detention CENTER ( gate ) - day . 109 at the end of the whistle , the eccupant of the detention center begin to congregate near the gate . they include a fade English couple , mr. and mrs . pym , mr. partridge support he wife , both of whom be elderly , mrs . hug and she father , and mr. lockwood . meanwhile , the two or three soldier attend the lorry have put cotton mask continued 109 continued ; 45 over they mouth and nose . the lorry be deliver prisoner to the detention center . two or three of this prisoner be stretcher case , carry by orderlies . not all of the prisoner on the lorry be make to disembark but that who do , limp , or be carry through the gate into the detention center and each one of they there be hand a mess tin . the japanese soldier who be hand out the mess tin place one on each of the stretcher as they go by . one of this stretcher contain a fairly young english woman whose two son , paul and david , walk with she . another arrival be a emaciated soldier judge from he boot and short which constitute he only clothing . he have be badly beat up . the new arrival include a English couple , mr. and mrs . vincent . Mr. Vincent be a slight , dark , ill -look man with a tan , thin face . Mrs. Vincent be attractive in a understate way , blonde and small - bone , a arrest face . the vincent have evidently be round - up recently -- they clothing and they general state show fewer sign of deprivation than they companion . Mrs. Vincent carry a quite smart leather purse ( handbag ) the kind which have a flap with a press-stud , no handle . meanwhile , each of the prisoner , include Jim , who be hope to be pick to depart on the lorry , stand quietly holdi they mess tin , ready to hand they in . the choice be befag ri 8 who walk along the line as thou spéectin and shaking and breathe heavily , i evér ' ith a attention which be like a twitch . lockwood try to stand still , Jamie jim we will soon be on we way to the camp . I bet my mother and father be there wait for I . lockwood that 's the spirit . jim I should have stay with they . if the japanese will not take care of we , will the chinese ? lockwood I be sure the chinese will . be quiet , Jim , or you will not get on . the prisoner who have be pick by sergeant uchida walk or limp or stagger towards the lorry , hand in they mess tin to the japanese soldier on they way . sergeant uchida nod at Mrs. hug for she to leave . she attempt to take continued i | i 109 continued ( 2 ) : 46 she father with she , but uchid ' push the father back so Mrs. hug remain . Mrs. partridge have sit down on the pick another couple , and then finally pick lockwood . lockwood walk toward the lorry without a glance . uchida stand in front of Jim , look at hin . Jim smile at he and bow , which unbalance he and he sway . uchida turn away from Jim and shout for the gate to be close . the soldier and orderly be help the last of the prisoner onto the lorry . the tailgate be close . Mr. lockwood , sit inside the tailgate , look at Jim and then look away . Jim be close to tear . jim thank you for the Party ! the gate close as the lorry drive away . Jim turn aside and go back under the shadow of the rake bench which make a half - cover area , mat on the ground indicate that this be where the prisoner sleep . Jim go to he mat . there be a quiet moan sound come from one of the stretcher which have bi n , the ground under the seat . Jim note it a en. to inv gate and discover that the stretch t bish : by gac bruise and bloody , stu ' all '' of ' th in $ of Paper bandage . jim basie ! it 's I ! basie open he eye and move he lip , but can not say anything . jim it 's Jim ! he get up and run a few yard to a water butt with a ladle hang from it . he fill the ladle with murky - look water and bring it back to basie . Jim wet he finger in the water and touch basie 's lip with they . jim do not worry , I will look after you ! everything 's go to be all right . fade out : 110 lll 47 fade in : ext . detention CENTER - day 110 there be a insistent tinny bang noise , a amplify version of a sound we have hear before . this time it be the european . they have be turn into beggar . they bang they mess tin against the ground , against bench , against the wall . the general view of the detention center show the prisoner stand , lie or sit , all of they still , apart from bang they tin , all of they stare silently in much the same direction ... which we see be the door of the guard hut . sergeant uchida come out of the guard house with a small sack which he toss in a general direction of the cooking - fire , where two chinese women , one of they be mrs . lee by name , have also be wait . with the appearance of the sack of potato , only large enough to hold one potato for each prisoner , the prisoner cease rattling they tin . this have be cross - CUT with ... int . / ext . detention CENTER - day lll in the " interior " , und " seat , sh 5 if no on he mat and look some ndbageeeetna ep ) e mobile , be listen to the ttl eng ...of the + '' basie look at Jim asleep on he mat some little distance away from basie 's mat and Mrs. partridge , who be lie on the mat next to he and who , we can now see , be dead . basie also sees Mr. Vincent pace up and down , and Mrs. Vincent sit quietly on she sleep mat with a dainty pack of card , play patience . she be calm and absorb and comparatively well - groom , ponder the card as though she might be pass the time in the corner of a club lounge . Inside , the silence of the mess tin register with basie , who now rouse himself and call to Jim . . basie Chow time , Jim ! get in line . Mr. Vincent stop pace and pick up he mess tin and he wife 's mess tin and go toward the exterior . Mrs. Vincent continue to play patience . Jim get himself painfully and tiredly to he foot . he be still barefoot . he pick up he mess tin and come across to basie to get basie 's mess tin . basie ° you should make yourself useful to Mrs. lee . ingratiate yourself a little . a woman always need help with she fire . continued I lll continued : 48 jim right , basie . he pick up basie 's mess tin . basie produce a third tin and hand it to Jim . basie get Mrs. partridge 's potato while you be there . Jim look at basie , surprised . he glance over towards the partridge . jim ( gently ) she die , basie . basie ( levelly ) she die , Jim , but she do not hand in she dinner pail . ( screenwriter note : b 's " '' survival course . ) Jim approach chi ith 's reat l of trepidation . he bend down to take the tin from Mrs. partridge cold , stiff finger and look over he shoulder . angle on basie basie ( hiss ) take it ! angle on jim he gather he courage and snatch t! he cup from Mrs. partridge lifeless hand . basie do not forget to bow to sergeant uchida . jim I always bow , basie . Jim go out into the sunlight . basie limp over to Mr. partridge . he gently remove the brush from Mr. partridge 's hand . basie ( piously ) she 's with God now . he do not mind she hair . continued lll continued ( 2 ) : 49 from inside he shirt basie produce a small , cork bottle _of water . he remove the cork and offer the bottle to Mr. partridge , who take a sip . mr . partridge we have a son . I hope George and he wife be all right . basie George partridge ...? I do hear something when i. be in shanghai jail . ( face light up ) yes , that 's right -- he 's in one of the camp and be look forward to see you . I will try to find out which one if you like . mr . partridge you be very kind . basie | we have to share what we can . : mr . partridge perhaps yot '' aml tkef to miz he haizoruchi= { 8 fetiver - ie ) | pone be aw h V basie very nice . basie put the hairbrush inside he shirt and accept the bottle of water back , cork it . basie I will have some news in a day or two . mr . partridge how be the war , do you know ? basie I give it three month . Mr. partridge look pleased . i basie the jap have occupy Hong Kong , manila , the East indie , Singapore - - it will be business as usual in no time . it be clear from Mr. partridge 's change of expression that that be not what he mean . Mr. partridge pick up he mess tin and leave . basie approach Mrs. Vincent who do not look up . continued | lll 112 113 continued ( 3 ) + 50 basie ( amiably ) Red Jack on Black Queen . mrs . vincent go away . basie just go . ext . detention CENTER - day 112 Jim be busily sieve for small bit of coal and place they on Mrs. Lee 's fire . he blow the fire , coax a flame out of it as Mrs. Lee supervise the boil of the potato . int . / ext . detention CENTER - day . 113 Jim arrive at basie 's mat with the three mess tin , each contain a potato in its share of the potato water . basie take two of the mess tin . basie you help Mrs. Lee ? IM eo for I ingratiate . ade sé ] very useful . basie and you get a fair ration as a result . basie halve the third potato with he finger and hand one half to Jim . jim thanks , basie ! basie that 's it . if you can help people you will live off the interest . Jim put he mess tin to he lip and drain the water from it . unsatisfied , he eye basie 's little bottle of water . basie shift the bottle slightly , move it away . basie we do not drink that , Jim . we do not drink from the water butt . only potato water that 's be boil like I tell you . continued 113 114 continued ; 51 he watch Mr. partridge shuffle past , carry he mess tin back to he mat from the direction of the fire . basie I be look after you , Jim . jim I know , you be , basie . basie you dad would appreciate that . perhaps I will still get that reward . the entire meal have now be eat . basie lie down and Jim pick up a piece of tear cardboard and fan he . jim basie , when you be in shanghai Central , do anyone talk about my mother and father ? basie I think I d@adgh methi i good news . fmxt ! = one. nb ) 7 i camp and are} 1 in ‘oo 4 's £ see you . ' " l ind ' out '' nith '' énd for you . jim gosh , thanks , basie . I learn a new word today . ( hesitates ) I forget what it be . basie never mind . I be keep up you education . ext . detention CENTER - day 114 in the open air , basie sit on one of the bench in crisp clean clothes . he be make a origami bird out of a cigarette packet . elsewhere , Mrs. Lee be brush she hair with the silver hairbrush . she catch basie 's eye and throw he a smile . basie manipulate the little cardboard bird and then toss it away . elsewhere , Jim move among the other prisoner , go from one to the next , greeting each by name but seldom get a response . when he reach the emaciated soldier , who be lie slump against the perimeter wall in the sunshine , hold 's he mess tin in one hand , Jim discover that he have die . Jim eye the now available mess tin . he hesitates . he look round towards basie . then he decide to take the tin and he stoops to pick it up and continue . 115 116 117 52 int . / ext . detention CENTER - evening 115 we probably see the screen first : at any rate there be a movie flicker on the screen . perhaps it be a thirties swashbuckler . the japanese be give themselves a unexpected treat . there be only three or four guard in charge of the detention center . some of the prisoner be sit on the bench but they have they back to the screen . the prisoner face the ' japanese guard who be watch the screen . one of the little chinese boy who be sit with he mother on a bench forget himself sufficiently to peek over he shoulder when the scratchy soundtrack indicate a particularly interesting moment , but one of the guard shout at he and the boy 's mother cuff the boy . Jim be nowhere to be see . this be because ... another angle 16 Jim be under the seat , I a the narrow slot which be al this another angle 117 Jim be syand watch the movie in the " sleep E quarter " : Paul and David be sit on either side of the sleep mat on which they mother lie . Jim jerk he head at they , invite they to share the view , but Paul and David : seem to be in a stunne state . then Jim realize why : i they mother be dead . she be lie on she mat , shod in i plimsoll , stick out over the edge . Jim approach and take he " wing " comic book out of he pocket and offer it to one of the boy . the boy take it automatically but do not look at it . jim I be sorry . another angle : basie look up with interest from he sleep mat . he be I interested in the dead woman , or rather as we now find out , } in she plimsoll . basie come over to the three boy . F basie look like you size , Jim . basie start to untie one of the shoe lace but it be knotted . he have some difficulty . continued continued : 53 basie _ {to Paul and David ) she 's with God now . he will not mind she have no shoe . one of the boy start to ery silently . his brother stretch out a hand to comfort hin . jim I do not want she shoe . basie have give up try to untie the lace . he pull at the shoe which will not come off the woman 's foot . he jerk at it and the corpse jerk towards he . Jim grasp basie 's wrist . jim do not basie ! - I do not want they ! basie somebody will . basie struggle with the shoe and Jim struggle with basie 's wrist . another angle cc Mrs. Vincent who have of mig et a050 . up and look over towards them® ewe & ‘ed back to scene Jim and basie struggle briefly , basie start to swear at Jim . there be the SOUND of the whistle which announce the arrival of the prisoner 's lorry . Jim freeze for a moment and then let go of basie and jump up . jim i it 's the lorry ! basie lorry ? jim come on ! =- come on = do not you see ? - this place be to see who die ! Jim pull Paul and David to they foot . } continued 117 118 continued ( 2 ) : 54 jim - ( to Paul and David ) come on ! Jim run to he sleep mat as the other prisoner start get to they foot . they all start gather up they meager possession . ext . detention CENTER ( gate ) & japanese lorry - dusk 118 the last stage of the line -up . the ritual which we have see before . Soldiers and orderly mask , be bring in stretcher and walk wounded prisoner . the gate be open and the lorry be outside . but the CUT be to sergeant uchida , pass along the line of prisoner . Mr. partridge and other be reject . among that who be motion to get into the lorry be Mr. and Mrs. Vincent , the pym , two elderly couple , Mrs. hug and she father , and then Paul and David . each prisoner hand in a mess tin as before . basie be next , and next to he be Jim . sergeant uchida give the nod to basie who follow Paul and David without a backward glance . jim be Pov - the prisoner I I 00 : i climb up into the lorby jchben will of réé people who come with the lorry and remain on it . sergeant uchida stop in front of Jim , who do he best to look bright and healthy , somewhat against the odd . he seem about to let Jim leave when he glance , instead , over he shoulder at the lorry , evidently to see if there be room for one more . basie be just wedge himself into the remain space on the bench , next to Paul and David . the japanese soldier who be go to stand guard in the back of the lorry , put the tailboard up and start to haul himself up over it . uchida push Jim back by the shoulder . Jim stagger and fall and pick himself up and shout desperately at basie . jim ( shout ) basie ! jim be Pov - basie ignore Jim and be show Paul and David a little conjure trick with Jim 's half crown , and get a hesitant laugh out of they . Mrs. Vincent , sit next to she husband , glance towards Jim . she look at he with a sudden concern . continued | i | | 118 119 continued ! 55 Jim run to the gate as the camp guard start to close it . the. driver of the lorry , a new young driver , get out of the cab and come to the guard who be close the gate , brandish a canvas wallet map and evidently ask for direction . driver nantao . . sergeant uchida stride furiously through the open gate and abuse the driver . uchida snatch the map and look at it . Jim come through the gate towards the lorry . jim straight on ! nantao it 's over there ! I be at the country club . uchida and the driver look in the direction of Jim 's outstretch finger . uchida return the map to the driver . he start to cuff Jim as the driver return to he cab and start up the lorry . noun avec '' emeh 008 9 E '' uchida cuff Jim again , a i ben , m ? a ene iddenly change he mind , glad to be rid of this troublesome boy , ' he pick he up bodily and throw he over the tailgate of the lorry as the lorry begin to move forward . Jim extricate himself from the leg of the prisoner on the lorry and clamber forward until he reach the back of the drive cab where the guard have position himself . Jim reach he position at the back of the cab and stand there look over the top of the cab with the wind blow into he face , which be bloody but triumphant . he turn back towards the tailboard . jim basie ! I tell you everything will be all right . they all sit there , look at Jim , with none of he exhilaration . we see they all : Mr. and Mrs. Vincent , basie with Paul and David , Mrs. hug and she father , Mr. and Mrs. pym , the elderly couple , perhaps a dozen altogether , and finally , a young englishman with a bruise face . this be ransome . ext . shanghai outskirt ( moving japanese lorry ) - dusk 119 the lorry pass through a landscape of war , burn - out building and vehicle , door and window open to cloud and sky ; with military traffic occasionally pass the lorry . Jim be at he post , stand behind the driver 's cab . next continued 119 120 continued ! 56 to he be the guard . as the lorry rumble and sway along the road , Jim hold onto the guard 's belt to steady himself . he be mildly hysterical and bang on the roof of the cab with glee . Mrs. hug reach out a hand to grip he . mrs . hug be quiet , Jim . jim I can not help it , Mrs. hug . do not you think it 's funny .? mrs . hug concentrate on the road . where be we ? jim chapei . mrs. hug you know it here ? jim ( shaking he head and chuckle ) I couldn ! before fret war . bo fefeta mill of wt mrs . hug but now you have no shoe . jim ( laugh at that ) I know ! Jim laugh and bang the cab again and shout down to the driver , point out the road . jim nantao . the driver stick he head out of the cab and shake he finger angrily at Jim . ransome look at Jim with interest . the other people in the lorry be mostly in a stupor . Paul and David be be entertained by basie , who be deftly go through they pocket . Mrs. Vincent be regard Jim with something close to amusement . ext . shanghai countryside ( japanese lorry ) - day 120 the lorry be stationary in flat country . the lorry 's engine be steaming . the Guard be rest on the ground , lean on one of the wheel , the driver have spread he continued 120 continued ; 57 map over the hood of the lorry and be mutter furiously . on the lorry one of the elderly woman be lie on the floor , attend by ransome . Jim squat on top of the cab examine the horizon for a landmark . the driver be get nowhere with he map and he look up at Jim and harangue he loudly . basie add that up any way you like and we be still lose . jim everything look different . I be out here at the country club ... basie we be go to the country club . Jim 's in charge . } jim | if we can find the railway I will know | where we be . then it 's either East or West . eo ec ll a either East or jwest . where will we be without he ? === '' ransome good boy , Jim -- you will get we there . the japanese have capture i so much ground they have run out of map . elderly prisoner | can not we go back to the detention | center , Dr. ransome ? we be very I tired . the driver have get back into he cab and be attempt to turn the lorry around . basie i they have get the same idea . i ransome it might be for the best . at least ' there 's water there . jim | ( urgently ) . we must not go back - do not you see ? continued 120 121 122 continued ( 2 ) : 58 nobody be take any notice of he . Jim search they face , look for a ally , and find Mrs. Vincent look back at he . so he address she . jim all we friend will be in the camp . they be wait for we . my parent ... Mrs. Vincent be jostle aside by the guard clamber up over the tailgate . basie ( to ransome ) you get pick up late . doctore up - country ? ransome nod . basie I be work underground for the kuo-min-tang . ransome ( mildly ) as a conjurer ? Jim have be try to rk I | margron qreson . he pluck at the guard 's lsidevé ka nantao ! the guard work he way to the front of the lorry and start push Jim down roughly from the top of the cab . Jim be desperately search the horizon and just in time see something . jim be Pov - railway buggy 121 with two japanese soldier on board it be travel magically along the featureless landscape . jim 122 ( shout ) there it be - the nantao line ! Jim excitedly show the guard what he have see and the guard shout to the driver . the driver turn the wheel sharply and Jim tumble off the cab into the back of the lorry . we see Mrs. Vincent 's reaction : Jim be get to she ; she give he a small smile for he success . continued 122 continued : 59 jim ~ ( happily ) I will get you there , Mrs. Vincent ! we also see basie 's reaction : the argument over the dead woman 's shoe have put basie in bad humor with Jim but now he acknowledge Jim 's success in spot the railway . basie you be a sound commodity , Jim . ransome good work , Jim . they will have water for we . you have get sharp eye , you should be a pilot when you grow up . jim yes , I want to be a pilot . ransome look at he bemuse . jim I have be in one already at hungjao aerodrome . do it be I oltl 9 jim well , in a way . ransome ( smile ) you have get bag of imagination , Jim . Jim turn away the intend compliment , unsmile . ransome drop the smile , and look at Jim for a moment . the lorry | be on the move again . j basie | ( to ransome ) I be look after he for he daddy . ransome you be american , be not you ? basie definitely . 123 ext . nantao railway line & japanese lorry - day 123 the lorry be pull up near a wayside halt , merely a short | concrete platform along the railway line . a party of | japanese soldier be concerned with lay signal wire . continued 123 continued : 60 the railway buggy be stand on the line . the driver get out . of the cab and approach the working party , which be gather on the little platform , in the charge of . a japanese corporal who sit drink from a canteen of water . ransome start to lower the tailgate . ransome come on , let 's get you into some shade . the guard immediately impede ransome , shouting at he . ransome address the guard in tone of polite humility which be at odd with he word . ransome look , you stupid , ugly , filthy little bastard , this woman be get dehydrated , so what 's it to you ? through this the Guard push and cuff ransome and continue to shout at he . ransome hold he ground . have make he point , the Guard lower the tailgate and shout at the prisoner to get down . the Guard turn away and go to join the Driver . ransome right , everybody out . someone help I with this woman . of - . the prisoner begin to dise fe - & 's car incent be not hold up too wel. ire . Vince : ip 's to get down off the lorry . Jim have jump over ' the side and come | to help Mrs. Vincent . Mr. Vincent do not like to be help . mr . vincent I be all right . for a brief moment Jim and Mrs. Vincent be collaborator . the prisoner lie in the shade of the lorry , thirsty . one of the UN - name old women be close to death . Jim be draw diagram in the dust with a stick . a canteen of water be be pass among the japanese work Party who be share a meal with the driver and guard on the railway platform . the prisoner watch the water intently , the spill drop and the dribble catch the sunlight . ransome ( quietly ) Christ , be they wait for one of we to die ? continued continued ( 2 ) : 61 jim they be wait for you to ask , so they can hit you with they rifle . then they will give we water . ransome stare at he , rather angrily . Jim get up and casually move towards the platform . when he get to the edge of the platform he climb up , ignore the japanese . ransome , basie , and the other watch he with interest . Mrs. Vincent watch he with anxiety . basie start nervously play with he lucky half crown . the driver note Jim and be evidently talk to the corporal in a good humor way about Jim , who bow steeply and then stand to attention , unsmile . the corporal laugh . the corporal part-fill a bottle of water from he canteen and hold it up , call to Jim , beckone . the prisoner be transfix by the sight of the water shine in the sunlight . Jim walk to the corporal . ransome ( under he breath ) I good lad . | basie ( under he breath ) that 's my boy . Jim accept the bottle , bm ck boe '' ree pace , wipe the neck 1b ee ore tip it into he mouth , drain it . ransome 's expression be puzzle and bitter . basie smile bleakly , more or less understanding . Mrs. Vincent do not understand and be hurt . the corporal look across at the prisoner 's dismay and laugh . Jim laugh with he . Jim give the bottle back to the corporal , who now refill it to the top from he canteen . he give it to Jim , who bow again and this time take it to the lorry , stand in front of ransome , who I have get to he foot . ransome stare briefly at Jim . jim i ( matter of fact ) it be my water . ransome take the bottle , and Jim go back to he place , sit on the ground , lean against one of the wheel of the lorry . ransome tip a little water into the mouth of the sickest woman and then into the mouth of two or three elderly prisoner who can not move . basie reach out for the bottle but ransome tip it to he own mouth first take a couple of gulp ; it seem he might take a third gulp , but find Jim look at he expressionlessly , and check himself . ransome pass the bottle on . Jim look away again . when the bottle reach Mrs. Vincent she first of all give a drink to she husband . continued . 123 124 125 126 continued ( 3 ) : 62 a plane be pass high overhead . ransome look at Jim who be look up into the sky . Jim remove goggle from in front of he eye onto he forehead , and squint expertly up at the sky . ext . nantao camp airfield / japanese lorry - evening 124 | Jim 's small model airplane be fly against the night sky . the constellation jolt around behind it . angle on jim he be lie on he back hold the plane in the slip stream of the lorry , comforting himself , he make plane noise . in the distance he hear the sound of real plane | ( 0s ) . . I he sees a japanese airfield ; several plane be taxiing towards the runway . in the background he sees a tall pagoda against the evening sky . jim nantao airfield ... that 's the pagoda . the lorry dip and the efooti / p( oabet mle qocscon of a embankment . ext nantao camp airfield ( embankment ) - evening 125 angle on the embankment we hear the distant drine of plane . ( if bosch have be alive he would have paint this . ) Cloud of white dust swirl up to the shanghai moon . Burning tire have be place inside oil drum and , by they hellish light , we see dozen of nearly naked worker scamper up and down the slope of the embankment while carry rock . the white ashy dust stick to they skin and so it appear that the japanese be building they runway with a army of ghost . sentries patrol the embankment and they bayonet be silhouett against the somber sky . we see the outline of the nantao camp against a horizon . angle on the japanese lorry . 126 the lorry come to a halt by a pile of rock . ransome jump out first ( always johnny on the spot ) . continued ~ ~ 126 127 continued + 63 ransome - right Jim ... let 's get everyone to they quarter . but Jim do not pay any attention to ransome . instead he just stare at the slope and the plane he know be hide behind they ( because he can hear they ) . basie jump down next to he . basie I do not see any camp . behind they the guard lower the tailgate and the prisoner get out . Mrs. hug seize up the situation . mrs . hug they want we to carry stone . a guard hand ransome a rock but he throw it down . ransome no...no ... no a rafde ae geqd decter as} aye 4 se sine e aca ) se s5ene hé at ss up a rock and fall down in the white grab a rock . Jim only plane . they be he siren sondg= climb the embankment . the guard club ransome fie 's ext . nantao camp airfield ( runway ) - evening 127 Jim reach the top of the embankment and see the runway be build . it 's white . jim be Pov - a group of plane park twenty yard from where they be building the runway . he drop the rock , stagger towards the plane . angle on the guard he see Jim and bring he rifle up to he shoulder . angle on three pilot the pilot in fly suit and helmet be strolling along . they see Jim and nudge each other . continued 127 128 continued : 64 angle on jim he reach the first plane and lean against it run he hand over the smooth cowl of the engine . angle on the guard he have Jim in he sight and cock the hammer . angle on jim he stand under the wing and sees the three pilot approach he . Jim touch the blade of the prop and whisper . jim Zero-sen . angle on the guard he lower he rifle . angle on basie and ransome they deposit they em che gg & i ree pilot . 2 | they see Jim and the th they be starld under the wing of the Zero . angle on the runway dozen of worker be work on the side of the runway . i dissolve : ext . nantao camp airfield ( runway ) - day 128 angle on the runway the wind blow a fine dust over the runway . on the side of the runway where the worker once stand be now burial mound . os we hear the sharp click sound of bamboo stave against bamboo stave . ( screenwriter note : the sound be like rattling bone . ) dissovle : 129 65 int . nantao camp ( guard house ) - day 129 with the dissolve , we see the image of two kendo fighter circle each other with helmet , body armor , and 's bamboo stave , suspend over the runway . suddenly , the taller fighter attack . before he short opponent can make a move , he have be beat around the arm and head . the short opponent 's helmet be knock off he head , revealing the face of Jim ; a undernourished , undersized , over experience fourteen - year-old . the fight have take place in the guard house , somewhere between a office and a recreation room . a audience of three off - duty japanese guard applaud as the victor take off he helmet . this be seargent nagata , a once strong farmer 's son who be beginning to show the ravage of tuberculosis . Jim place he helmet on a desk . jim thank you , seargent nagata . nagata nagata teach kendo . Boy teach English . Jim slip into he '' eme '' g68 9 jim yes , shoe . nagata shoe . Jim pick up a bottle with a cork in it . jim bottle . nagata bottle . Jim remove the cork . jim cork . nagata cork . jim book...chair nagata book..chair . thank you . hello . good-bye . continued 129 130 131 continued : 66 jim - very good . nagata 4 very good . jim I have to go now . nagata cheerio . jim ( laugh ) cheerio . Jim palm the cork and leave the recreation room . ext . nantao camp ( guard house and environ ) - day 130 Jim come out of the guard house , rub he ear where nagata have hit he and find a little blood on he finger . he look in command of himself and of the situation , however , as he 's .. a , trok tawa es hospital , skitter along {i s| tx tay i short , he clog flap and ! kibgin ! another angle . 131 a game of marble be in progress in the dust . several of the boy from the camp be engage in this . other , the spectator , stand watch , each hold a thread on which a brilliant blue dragonfly be captive . Jim , on he progress , tear by . he be clearly a object of interest to all the other boy . boy 1 Jim ! where be you go ? boy 2 Dr. ransome 's look for you ! Jim ignore they as he hurry by . he turn the corner at a crossroad where two path meet , and he fly clog flash by the handwritten street sign which proclaim this path to be " Piccadilly " and " bond Street " . as Jim run through the camp toward the hospital , we get a view of the distant pagoda across the airfield which be separate from the camp by a wire fence . 132 133 134 67 another angle 132 outside one of the hut there be evidently a " concert party " in rehearsal . ina grotesque parody of a mix chorus line , a group of prisoner be learn step and sing ... women prisoner " we be the girl every boy adore . " men prisoner ( sing ) " you be the girl every boy adore ... " prisoner ( sing together ) " c.a.c. do not mean a thing to I ... " Jim tear round the corner , skid round the chorus line . jim sorry ! Jim run on without pause . prisoner that boy ... - i t t '' E meow o08 9 need a good ing . 8 another angle 133 a golfer address himself to a old batter ball which he then hit a few ungainly yard towards a second golfer who stand hopefully next to a cavity in the stony ground . it be not a good shot at all . the first golfer shake he head in disgust . Jim run by , laugh . jim use you iron ! the golfer evidently take they game seriously . they glare at Jim . Jim continue he journey through the camp at he usual 134 speed . this may be a appropriate moment to describe what the camp be like . the camp be surround by a wire fence which separate it from the nearest part of the airfield . ( the nearest part of the airfield be on the fringe of any continued I ; ; 135 136 continued ; 68 airfield activity and be in fact rather overgrown , apart from the runway itself , and conceal a narrow canal . the business end of the airfield be way across on the other side , near the pagoda ) . the main entrance of the camp , guard gate , give onto a minor road which skirt the airfield and the camp . part of the camp be evidently older than the war . there might be about 20 , double -story , concrete structure large enough to sleep one- hundred people each . there be a larger structure , face the airfield , which have be part-bombed . this be a assembly hall , with a balcony now open to the sky and stand in its own rubble . there be negotiable stair up to the balcony , partly cover by debris . the dormitory block be regularly laid out between quite neat rudimentary path . they front door , each approach by a few step , look out upon a " parade ground " . there be also some wooden building , evidently purposely build for the camp . there be a guard house which accommodate the soldier who guard the camp . there be also a watch tower upon whose platform there be a japanese soldier shade by a tin roof . one of the house be now the hospital . it have a verandah . the area outside the wire include , near the hospital , a cemetery and t , en g ller wooden shack , quite near t fave . i e ui hich have a chimney and a servin ck . ext . nantao camp - hospital we follow Jim until he run up the step of the hospital . int . hospital ( dispensary & ward ) - day the first room be a dispensary of sort . the men' ward and the woman 's ward lead off from it . in each ward can be see a number of cot and mattress , all occupy in the semi-gloom . the only person in the dispensary be a middle - age woman , mrs . phillip . from she appearance and she activity in the room it be clear that she be not a visitor but belong there . Jim speak to she in a unnaturally loud voice . : jim hello , Mrs. Phillips ! mrs . phillip ssh ... jim what ? mrs . phillip why be you shouting ? what have you do to yourself ? continued 135 136 136 137 continued ; 69 she see the blood on he ear . ransome ( 0.s. ) Jim ! int . hospital ( women be ward ) - day 137 ransome 's urgent voice have come from the woman 's ward . Jim enter the ward and find ransome bend over one of the cot which boast the ward 's only mosquito net . ransome be tensely and energetically attempt to restart the heart of a woman patient , while hospital orderly , mrs . gilmour , be attempt mouth - to- mouth resuscitation on the patient . ransome quickly , Jim ! Jim hurry closer . lying on the cot be a young woman who be in fact dead from dysentery . ransome be lean over she , pump she heart through the thin wall of she naked chest . ransome , who be now bearded , be sweat , breathe heavily , tiring . ransome can you do this ? a - ' . q ) Jim take over pump jie pte. ns} ( role side Mrs. gilmour and take over job senéuth -t : igh the patient . ransome ( between breath , rapping the word at Jim ) do not speed up -- keep the rhythm . mrs . gilmour ( matter -of - fact ) she 's dead , Dr. ransome . Mrs. gilmour be a pleasant , middle - age woman , like Mrs. Phillips in most respects . . ransome keep go . ( to Mrs. gilmour ) take over . Mrs. gilmour take over from he and ransome try to listen to the young woman 's heart . Jim keep pump with the heel of he hand . he look down at the girl . as he look at she , suddenly she open eye swivel toward Jim , look at he . ransome straighten up . continued 137 138 continued : 70 ransome all right , stop . jim she look at I ! I get she back to life ! ransome you pump some blood into she brain , Jim , just for a moment . jim no , she look right at I ! I can do it again .! ransome stop shouting . leave she alone . he walk away exhaust . ransome continue into the di pp int . hospital ( dispensary ) - day 138 satie here sits_doyn , alone for a moment in grief no a , es into the dispensary , approach R some ( cau r&ysome look up at Jim , a little more warml ransome come on then . have you do you homework ? jim ( loudly ) I think I have go deaf ! mrs . phillip somebody 's box he ear at last . jim sergeant nagata give I a kendo lesson . . ' ransome ( touch Jim 's ear ) he give you a lesson all right . sit there . he indicate a chair stand by a metal table in the dispensary . ransome ( to Mrs. Phillips ) give the mosquito net to Mr. radnik . continued I i | t | continued : 71 mrs . phillip - poor man . ransome ( irritate ) just give it to he , Mrs. Phillips . ransome come to Jim and start to examine the ear , wiping it with a swab . jim be that what you do ? -- give the mosquito net to whoever 's die next ? ransome sit still . ' they be be love . ' jim amabantur . ransome " I shall be love . ' jim amatus eris . ransome straighten up for AG lat , ( x ear and announce he prescript not C vv ransome I be take you off game . ransome pick up Jim 's Latin text book and flip through the page , settling on Jim 's next homework . he hand the book back . ransome for tomorrow : ' gerunds and gerundive . Jim 's attention , in he eyeline , be now with Mr. radnik , around whose cot Mrs. Phillips and Mrs. gilmour be place the mosquito net . ransome , be you pay attention ? he notice Jim 's distraction , then see that Jim 's eye be on a almost new pair of white golf shoe put neatly at the end of Mr. radnik 's cot . ransome Jim , can you hear I ? continued 138 continued ( 2 ) : 72 jim yes , it 's come back . do you ever save anybody , Dr. ransome ? ransome I think they would have to be lazarus . jim well , anyway , it 's fewer to feed . ransome you be a pragmatist , Jim . what about you English prep ? jim ( rapidly , from memory ) " if I should die think only this of I that there 's some corner of a foreign field that be forever England there shall be in that rich earth a richer dust conceal a dust which England breed - " | | fone ees ( interry ite roi yes , but try top ) it 's not just al St wi rad og . jim hotsy totsy . ransome . I beg you pardon ? jim it 's a new word basie teach I . he say you would know what it mean . ransome lean forward and take two tomato out of Jim 's shirt pocket . jim ( unashame ) they be for basie . ransome I know . jim I have to give he something . everytime I see he . continued 138 continued ( 3 ) : 73 ransome - it 's alright . it 's a good thing you be friend with basie . he 's a survivor . jim that 's because he only drink boil water . ransome offer the tomato . ransome eat this . I have get something else for you to give basie . jim thanks . ransome eat they now . Jim eat they . jim it 's a good thing I be friend with you , too . . for 2.q '' from he pocket ransome t ondo : hi give to Jim . $ i a jim see you tomorrow ! I have get some thing to do ! Jim get up and run out of the dispensary , stuff the Latin book inside he shirt . 139 int . hospital ( men' ward ) - day 139 Mrs. Phillips , stand at the door of the men' ward , watch he go , bemuse and even bewilder by he . : mrs . phillip he keep busy , do not he ? 140 ext . nantao camp ( washline & perimeter fence ) - day 140 Jim have arrive at the wash line which be a crude affair behind one of the dormitory block . he rapidly unpeg a shirt , pants , and sock , and run past the fence towards the american dormitory . continued _ 140 141 continued : 74 jim be Pov - a model glider sailing on the breeze on the other side of the fence . a japanese boy , a year or two older than Jim , run after it . another angle the plane sail over the perimeter fence and crash land near Jim . Jim run over to it and pick it up ( after place the laundry carefully on the grass ) . angle on japanese boy he run to he side of the fence and he look at Jim , wonder what he be go to do with he plane . angle on jim . Jim look carefully - migh . 008.9 the japanese boy . angle on japanese boy he be worried about he plane . angle on jim he launch the glider back across the fence . another angle the japanese boy shout he thanks and run after the glider . he pick it up . Jim wait to see if the boy will launch the glider back at he . but the boy launch he glider away from Jim and run after it . . Jim pick up the laundry and run through the camp . he notice a lorry , the food lorry , come down the road towards the camp gate . another angle 141 the lorry create a stir of interest . here and there , prisoner note the lorry 's arrival . a almost naked man be continued 142 143 144 continued : 7 stand between the shaft of a simple two - wheeled cart . he have apparently be wait for the lorry . he stand up and we recognize , perhaps only just recognize , Mr. maxted . maxted ( shout ) Jim ! the caterer have arrive ! Jim , carry he wash , run along toward what we will know to be the man 's dormitory . jim do not worry , Mr. maxted ! I will be there ! maxted come on , Jim ! it will not taste the same without you ! we stay with Jim and see he run up the step of " E - block " , the man 's dormitory . int . british and amer : = ve sp dorm re B day 142 the building contain two serarpte d 's , go for the british man , one for Americans . Jim go to the door of the british dormitory . int . british men' dormitory - day 143 he address himself generally to the occupant the dormitory have a thoroughly demoralize atmosphere . it be full of listless man , many of they ill , groan and sweat . jim the food lorry 's here ! british prisoner ( morosely ) sod off ! jim ( cheerfully ) there be not any other news . he leave . int . american men' dormitory - day . 144 the doorway of the american dormitory be decoratd with sign and american symbol . one sign say " you be enter the United States . " another say " so get they off . " Jim continued SE ss be ss ~144 145 continued : 76 enter the american dormitory . this large room have be partitioned off so that every bed be in its own cubicle . the partition be homemade from any material which have come to hand ; sheet , bit of wood , and pack case , etc . there be a central corridor into which some of the cubicle open . some of the front door be " close " and other be " open " . two american prisoner , a pitcher and a catcher , be throw a baseball up and down the corridor . it 's clear that Jim be popular here , in he own way . as he negotiate the corridor , he be greet on every side by the american prisoner . one of whom ( tiptree ) be play a harmonica . american prisoner it 's shanghai Jim . hey , Jim . hot water and shave over here . get I a left-handed screwdriver and a bucket of steam . dainty would you like a hershey bar ? jim oh , yes ple 7 '' , dainty , ! ae for meri. o08 '' so would I , kid . '' ha¥d you dot wnée 's # Jim make he way down the corridor . along the way he pass six AMERICANS play poker . they be use condom as chip . Jim be head for a corner cubicle . this be guard by a american prisoner call demarest . see Jim approach with the laundry , demarest move aside the curtain close off the corner cubicle to speak to someone inside . go ye demarest it 's the kid . he jerk at Jim to enter . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) = day 145 the cubicle be a corner one , with two window give basie a clear view of the entire camp . he be sit on he bunk , dress in a long sleeve cotton shirt , fade but neatly crease . the cubicle be like a general store ; clothing , pot and pan , tennis racquet , stack of old magazine . Jim enter in he usual state of panting excitement . basie sit on the bed , absently play with the half crown coin which he slip in he pocket when Jim arrive ; not to hide it , but Jim merely replace the coin as something to occupy he . continued | I SE 145 continued 77 demarest stop breathe so much . there be not ) enough air as it be . basie come in , Jim . you be alright . there just be not enough air for you in the whole of nantao , be not that it ? jim that 's it , basie . here be you clothes ? basie you be better than a laundry . basie smile warmly at Jim . he reach under he bed for i ) a tin box from which he take a potato and give it to Jim . jim thanks , basie . I get you a cork . Jim hand over the cork from the guardhouse . basie ( pleased ) this will do fine . ow ermehnoq8 9 basie | ( ignore he ) do you get the sewing needle ? es Jim find the needle in the hem of he short . basie take i it from he and examine it . | basie , good boy . basie fiddle with the cork and needle . he lay the needle flat on the cork see how it will work as a compass . demarest be fold the laundry Jim bring and place it under basie 's mattress . Jim lick the last of the potato from he finger . jim ( anxious ) you have get to give it back . continued 145 continued ( 2 ) : 78 basie - get to ? what do you mean , get to ? be you go to give I the potato back ? Jim be take aback . demarest smile at Jim 's discomfort , but basie 's pendulum be still swinging . he snarl at demarest . basie what be you laugh at ? and he jerk he head at demarest , indicate that he should leave , which he do . basie be feel expansive . Jim always make he feel powerful . he stare at Jim , look he over as if he be go to remake he . basie Jim , would you like to become a american ? jim ( almost beside himself ) oh yes , basie . I would love it . basie get up from he chair and indicate that Jim should sit there . basie should play thi sedi 4 so ! a ay ician who be about to reveal a g : e hist pu grea Jim 's back , he rummages thrpus i sket : mit dare to look behind he . basi 'e comé up behind he . he have something in he hand , but we can not see what . basie cuff Jim affectionately on the head . basie put you chin on you chest and do not move . Jim do as he be tell . he hear the quick snipping of scissors . he see he long English lock fall to the floor . another angle basie be give Jim a crew cut and it 's obvious by the quick , confident way he go about he business , that basie cut hair in another life . basie ( make conversation like a barber ) do you see the mustang yesterday ? continued ~ 145 continued ( 3 ) : 79 jim ( nodd happily ) it 's the cadillac of the sky , basie . basie ( as a aside ) keep you head down . you will see plenty of they soon . and b-29 . jim b-29 ? basie the superfortress , Jim . jim where from , basie ? basie the mariana Islands , saipan , guam . yeah , the Marines take the marianas with the infantry ; the 27th and the 77th . that mean that Tokyo be go to be in bomber range . jim Tokyo ! emeh ango it will be time ..t ont i go ( nome ! of ( aside ) turn you head to the leave . Jim dutifully turn he head to the leave . jim | ( uncertain ) we will have to leave the camp . : basie i that 's the idea . first the japanese feed you and then the Americans be go to get you kill . then it 's the other way around . it 's all timing , Jim . jim will you tell I when it 's time ? basie sure . jim i promise ? continued 145 continued ( 4 ) : 80 basie - ( sharply , almost cross ) I promise . and he push Jim 's head to the right rather roughly . as he start to work on Jim 's right side ... basie how 's you friend , Dr. schweitzer ? jim I bring Amy matthews back to life for he . just for a minute . basie yeah ? that 's worth a reader 's digest , Jim . jim thanks , basie . basie I be increase you word power , Jim . jim com ee mceuo 89 pragmatist ? hat 's a one . D Dr. ransome teach you that one ? the only indication of basie 's anger be the quicken of he scissors . Jim nod . basie you mother and father be go to be pleased , come back with all this new word . jim you will meet they , basie . basie I do not want you go over there anymore . jim what about my Latin ? basie walk around Jim who have a complete crew - cut now , and he seem satisfied with he work . : continued 145 146 147 continued ( 5 ) : 81 basie - you can get up now , Jim . ( beat as he look . at Jim ) you be a american now . Americans do not need Latin . they have get something much more important . Jim feel he new hair , he new identity . jim what 's that , basie ? basie know how , Jim ... know how . Jim smile and hand basie the two condom ransome give he . demarest stick he head through the curtain . demarest food truck be here . Jim take he reader 's digest from the pile and be about to leave while basie pick up a broom and sweep up he hair , whistling between he tooth . FL eur y phe tt basie , where 's bmeh go e i ey ei tell . } e wvu F basie . what radio be that ? if I hada radio , I would not be talk to you . I would be listen to Charlie mccarthy . int . american men' dormitory - day 146 Jim leave basie 's cubicle and jerk he head at demarest , who scowl at the deliberate impertinence and go into basie 's cubicle . ext . nantao camp - day 147 Jim run up to join a gaunt Mr. maxted who be stand with he cart , dress in a pair of short , about to be serve from the kitchen hatch . other cart be return laden to different dormitory block , while a few more wait they turn . Jim run up , breathlessly , just in time to help maxted receive a bucket of boil potato and some mush , grain of wheat . Mr. maxted be either too kind or too oblivious to notice Jim 's hair . continued — 147 148 continued : 82 jim sorry , Mr. maxted . maxted good boy , Jim . the ration get heavier as they get smaller . interesting . I must write to the Times . jim ( look around ) the other should help . maxted some work and some watch , and that 's all there be to it . and they pull the cart towards g-block . int . family dormitory ( jim' room ) - day 148 Jim sit on he bunk with he plate . from he wooden box he take a tin spoon and stir the wheat around . angle on wheat eu lg it almost contain as much{ yeh vil 4s whgaty jit 's ps he spoon to separate the wee 1 eeoh the vida , 1 thing they neatly around the edge of be pate ? a '' Jim share he room with Mr. and Mrs. Vincent . Mr. Vincent be not present . the room be divide by a makeshift partition consist mainly of bit of curtain , etc. , hang from a line attach to nail in the wall . the division be more or less equable in the sense that the Vincent 's have twice as much of the room as Jim . apart from the two cot , there be little to note in the vincent 's part of the room . ( if there be a window , the vincent 's have it ) . Jim 's cot be inside the partition in a cubicle hardly bigger than the cot . he have paste photograph of shiny car , Battle of Britain pilot stand by they spitfire , a crash german bomber , St. Paul 's Cathedral ... one photograph , tear from a show a unidentified couple stand arm in arm outside the gate ef Buckingham Palace . Jim 's only real possession be a make- shift wooden suitcase or box . in this box he keep he treasure . jim be Pov - the partition make up of various bit and piece strung and pin together , be full of little gap . they offer Jim a view of Mrs. Vincent , who be look at she face , critically , without continued 148 continued : 83 vanity , in the small mirror set into the inside of the flap of she purse . Jim watch she steadily for a few moment , with sympathy but also with great curiosity . his eye switch slightly to take in the line of she body . jim be Pov - mrs . vincent although there be nothing more provocative reveal of it than the V at the neck of she shirt , which she instinc - tively and unnecessarily close as she become suddenly aware of Jim 's gaze . another angle Mrs. Vincent pull the curtain open and watch Jim , but do not see he or notice he haircut . she look tired and fray , but still attractive . mrs . vincent have you see my needle , Jim ? — 3 gum gt ' phe 0089 no , I have} ir . Vincent : '' May I borr Li ir '' mirrér ? & ww Mrs. Vincent hand he she purse . Jim open the flap and look in the mirror at he new haircut . only then do Mrs. Vincent react . mrs . vincent | ( horrify ) Jim , what do you do to you hair ? jim | ( proudly ) I be a american now . mrs . vincent no , Jim , you be british . jim no , I be not , Mrs. Vincent . I ...am a citizen of the world . and he hand she purse back . mrs . vincent . you should not work for basie . the thing that go on in that american dormitory . continued | ' I | i | | I 148 continued ( 2 ) : 84 jim - have you ever be there , Mrs. Vincent .? Mrs. Vincent give Jim a look , but he be innocent of the implication . jim they have get wonderful thing there ; Zippos , bongo , lipstick , flick knife , harmonica , tie pin , binocular , vargas girl , flashlight ... you would really like it . mrs . vincent perhaps it 's time you move into the man 's dormitory . you be not eleven anymore . jim ( overact anguish ) oh no , Mrs. Vincent . not the british dormitory . it 's so boring there . I be only a boy . please do not , Mrs. Vincent . I will tell my father you look after I . a , mrs £ vencent | ( mis eg ff be foaneip ) 0.8 9 do you th I ' et the keway jim — '' . | ( embarrassed ) what reward ? I never say .... mrs . vincent you tell everybody . jim well , I be much young then . Mr. Vincent enter the cubicle with two plate of food , one of which he hand to he wife . he take two spoon out of he pocket and they use they to separate the weevils from the wheat . while Mrs. Vincent be lecture Jim he be count weevils , and now he reach in he box for a pencil . jim eighty -seven weevils today , Mr. Vincent . continued 148 continued ( 3 ) : 85 and Jim write down eighty - seven on the wall of he bunk along side a row of similar number . lot of they be over one hundred . jim it 's above average , but the trend be down . Mr. Vincent do not reply . instead , he and he wife watch Jim balefully . Jim stir the eighty - seven weevils back into the wheat and then take a couple of rapid spoonfuls . Mrs. Vincent almost gag at the sight . mrs . vincent must you , Jim . jim sorry . Dr. ransome say some of we will die two day before we be save , perhaps two hour . so use everything . we have to beat they , you see . mrs . vincent the jap ? jim it 's how we wime a , B ; sing ies he keep on eat the eme the 1b 9 mrs . vincent ~ do you think you will miss this camp when the war be over ? jim ( surprised ) no. ( thoughfully ) why do the japanese close the school ? mrs . vincent ( with heartfelt sigh ) because they want to punish the grown-ups . I wonder how you will take to school in England when the war be over . jim ( start to eat the potato ) it might be a bit strange . he pick up a stray weevil on he finger and eat it . continued ~~ 148 continued ( 4 ) : 86 jim - all the same , Mrs. Vincent , the best teacher be the university of life . Mrs. Vincent separate the weevils from the wheat with more force than necessary . mrs . vincent could we finish we meal ? we have hear you view on the university of life . jim right . but we should eat the weevils , Mrs. Vincent . mrs . vincent ( wearily ) I know , Jim . Dr. ransome tell you so . jim t he say we need the protein . | mrs . vincent Dr. ransome be int 3 we should . eat i all the weevils I a ( ( } o | } 5 , ' nevertheless , Mrs. Vincent continue to 's arati thém . E jim ( thoughtfully ) I can not remember a single meal ' before the war , and I can remember every one since . ( then brightly ) Mrs. Vincent , do you believe in vitamin ? mrs . vincent ( pause in despair ) strange child . ' 149 int . family dormitory ( jim' room ) - night 149 Jim be awake ; he be look through he collection of picture tear from magazine . angle on the picture this picture ought to reflect he longing and he eccen - tricity . there be winter landscape , whiskey advertisement , continued 149 149a 149 cont . * 149 a cont . continued 87 old norman rockwell ad that celebrate the american family , a couple stand in front of the White House , buick ad , etc . angle on jim bore with the picture , he look through the gap in the curtain . he see Mrs. Vincent lie on she back , in a fitful sleep . her husband lie on he side face the wall .- suddenly the light of a distant explosion be cast over she feature . a split second later , he hear the hard rumble of a distant explosion ( the light of the explosion always travel a little faster than the sound in the scene ) . angle on jim he move from the curtain to the window . jim be Pov - the sky [ tr oe 6 nh 149a '' ic hw over shanghai flickerg icy the 1 on pae the jex osion . he hear the distant drine of high fly bémbér . angle on jim 149 cont . stand by the window , he look through the gap in the curtain . ~ jim be Pov - mrs . vincent the sheet hug the contour of she body , one leg be bare . angle on jim he look out the window . jim be Pov - the sky 149a cont . over shanghai be red . 149 149 cont . 149a cont . 149 cont . continued ( 2 ) : 88 angle on jim 149 cont . he press he face against the window . jim ( whisper ) they be bombing the shanghai dock . angle on mrs . vincent the red glow of the distant fire cast Mrs. Vincent ina faintly light . her hair seem more full and blond , the sheet around she more white . her breast rise and fall with the rhythm of she slightly uneven breathe , and she lip be parte . angle on the window 149a cont . / a a the sky over shanghai {as 1 a ' ith japanese flack . the ground shia rs} becau ° es Si stance : explosion and the cubré % é sway ! . 1 angle on mrs . vincent . 149 cont . she moan and roll on she side . os the drone of a B - 29 grow closer . angle on jim he tear he eye away from Mrs. Vincent and search for the B - 29 . os he hear Mrs. Vincent moan . angle on mrs . vincent a hand caress Mrs. vincent 's stomach and she respond . os the sky be as bright as lightning and the SOUND of the explosion roll over the camp . he be in a trance . angle on mrs . vincent the hand caress she belly belong to Mr. Vincent and he look at Jim through the gap , with all of the possessive anger of a man who have just discover a competitor . continued 149 150 151 152 continued ( 3 ) : 89 angle on jim jim they be bombing the shanghai dock ! os the drone of the B - 29 have turn to a roar , and he bolt from the room . ext . nantao camp / family dormitory and environ - 150 night ( moon ) . Jim rush out of the dormitory , watch the sky . his expression be transcendent . jim all the way from guam ... a japanese guard on the watch tower be shouting down at the guard on ground level , some of whom have emerge from the guard house , whose window be light . another angle mcr ( } 89 151 a anti-aircraft gun po a on the tdp ° of the nantao pagoda open up . the reason be that a B - 29 , jettison bomb as it go , be pass over the airfield , from the direction of shanghai and towards the camp . prisoner and guard start run for cover . Jim alone continue to watch . at the height of the noise of the plane , a immense black shadow pass over Jim . jim ( awed ) my God ... then he be flung aside by a explosion as a bomb hit the ground not too far away . then the noise cease and Jim pick himself up . the japanese soldier be shouting to each other . the bomb have drop just inside the camp , cause indirect damage , by unlucky chance , to several window of the guardhouse . the watch tower , be also now at a tilt but the soldier at the top , comically spare , be cling safely to the ladder . angle on jim 152 he look down the bomb crater like he once look down he pool . I i 152a 153 154 154a 154 cont . 155 156 156a 30 angle on the crater 152a in the moonlight , we see that the explosion have unearth some ground water . we see Jim 's reflection in the water . another angle 153 the japanese commandant , in uniform , arrive at the guardhouse where he be meet by sergeant nagata who salute . there ensue the usual brief one - sided shouting match . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - night 154 basie be watch out the window . basie' Pov 154a out of the window . back to basie 154 cont . basie be not amused . sen , wake bs qb S ext . nantao camp ( guard house ) - morning 155 the guardhouse be a mess . prisoner have gather at window and on doorstep . when they realize what have happen , they start cheer and jeer . a dozen guard organize by sergeant nagata , each with a bamboo stave , come rush out of the guardhouse and begin to scatter through the camp . the prisoner , immediately guiet down and move back , nervous as sheep . int . hospital - day 156 ransome be watch from the hospital window . ransome's Pov 1s6 a out of the window . t I 157 ext . nantao camp - day 157 Jim be also back off , towards the hospital . the guard , | in pair , move around the camp and start smash prisoner 's window , over cry of protest . 157a another angle 157a two guard be run towards the hospital . 158 int . / ext . hospital = day 158 | ransome move out onto the step of the hospital to meet they . ransome shout a protest in japanese . the first guard brushes past he and smashes the first window . ransome grab the bamboo stick from the soldier and fling it aside . it roll towards Jim who be run up . Jim pick it up . the guard start attack ransome , hit and kick he . the second guard be seargent nagata . : I he use he stick to club ransome down . he be about to join the first guard in kick ransome when Jim , hold I the stave in kendo style , leap the hospital step , onto i the little veranda outside the doorway . | jim sergeant nagata . nagata turn . the fir , wis alsotdistragtéd . Jim bow to nagata and take a3 ido & oe ce face Jim . Jim make a feint wit be stave , ja a tele try a stroke . nagata faster in one can follow the movement , - parry the stroke and smashes Jim in the rib and on the side of the head . Jim fall down . nagata wait . Jim climb painfully to he foot and bow to nagata who bow back . ransome , groggy and on he knee , have watch all this . Jim walk to the other guard , who have also be watch and present he with the stave , bow . the guard look at nagata for instruction . nagata turn and walk away from the hospital . the other guard follow he . ransome get to he foot . ransome ( to Jim ) where do it hurt ? Jim touch he rib and head . ransome touch Jim 's rib with he hand look for fracture . for 159 int . hospital ( men' ward ) - day . 159 Jim be seat on the metal table , hold he rib . ransome examine Jim 's skull . continued _ 159 continued : 92 jim Dr. ransome , the B - 29 's fly at 320 mile a hour . I time they shadow across the camp with my heartbeat . to hit the airfield they have to drop they bomb about a thousand yard away . but the japanese be shoot they down over the runway after the plane have already drop they bomb . ransome well , we must not tell they . jim ( start to gabble excitedly ) if they want to stop they bombing the runway , they have to shoot they down a thousand yard away - ransome ( calming he ) Jim ... I have always say you ought to be at mcarthur 's headquarters . ' ss jim be pov the mosquito em c be h9 0 be no longer around Mr. R be eee [ oe i q '' B. e. back to scene jim Mr. radik 's dead ? ransome yes. dysentary . ironic be not it ? he be the chef at the cathay Hotel , you know . the corpse be still on the bed . the golf shoe be still place neatly under the bed . jim my father 's company have a suite at the hotel . ransome move away from the table and Jim sit up and climb down off the table . ransome come back with the golf shoe . continued 159 160 161 continued ( 2 ) : 93 ransome ~ if you be a customer he probably would have like you to have he golf shoe . there you be , hardly wear . lose for word , Jim take off he homemade clog and put on the golf shoe and stand in they , seem move rather than elate . ransome do they fit ? Jim nod , brush away he tear . jim thank you . ext . nantao camp - day 160 angle on the white shoe we see Jim 's foot in the whité , gglf * shoe tha . '' ~ govete . he be stand on the aise bt midge eekn aby fo 2 ( Mr. radik 's grave ) with freeilyldug lea ! th\aréuh4 hi edge . a spade deposit some dirt on Jim 's shoe . be hand reach down and he wipe the dirt from he shoe with arag . we stay on the white shoe as Jim walk away ( whistl - ing tunelessly ) and carefully avoid a puddle . tiptree hey , kid . another angle tiptree stand outside the american dormitory and jerk he head towards it . tiptree he want to see you . and Jim follow tiptree towards the dormitory . int . american men' dormitory = day 161 Jim enter and , as usual , run the gauntlet of greeting and sarcasm from the american prisoner continued 161 162 continued ; 94 american prisoner hey , it 's Ben hogan . hole in one Jim . I will trade you for the shoe . wanna play chess , Jim ? they flick towel at he and pretend to trip he . we take time to notice that Cohen be banging away on he bongo drum . Jim arrive at the far end and enter basie 's cubicle which be unguard because ... int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 162 demarest be in there busily strapping a razor . basie wait to be shave , sheet around he neck . dainty be also there , crouch over a map and compass ; the compass be the homemade one make by basie with Jim 's cork and needle ; the map be a guide book of the shanghai area . jim hello , basie . _ dainty ( snap ) what keep you ? rac et ag Mr. radik be ang ee qb q other news . from the way the other man look at he , and the way basie ignore he , Jim deduct that he be in disgrace . after what seem to be like a eternity , basie deign to look at Jim , and then at the golf shoe which he regards with a particular hatred . basie that be another fine way to get yourself kill , jim. ( with a last , wither glance at the shoe ) I think you be a american . Jim be close to tear , but then basie ' 's mood change and he thrust the yardley soap towards Jim . basie have a smell .... yardley 's , prewar . continued na acama acca cccccn carrera eaanc cnr _162 continued ; 95 Jim smell the shave soap appreciatively . jim how would you get that ? demarest ( admiringly ) four ten over a full house . basie this camp be like macy 's under the rug . you would not believe the stuff people be save for a rainy day ... demarest you be they rainy day , basie . Jim ogle the map and compass that dainty be work with . jim what be you do , dainty ? dainty | nothing to you . basie i silence be a good friend to a boy , Jim . Jim pick up the compass . dainty put it down . jim ( impressed ) you make this with a cork and a needle ? a real compass that work ? dainty take it from he and put it back on the map . dainty the river 's pretty much due East . you could work up the bank , or you could steal a sampan and work up the middle , otherwise you could go North of East but there 's a couple of canal to cross , and this map do not tell you if it 's building , paddyfield or what ... Jim take all this in and become excited . continued 162 continued ( 2 ) : 96 demarest - what about the fence ? dainty what about it ? demarest they have get to have some bounce betty around there , right ? basie naw , they be not that efficient . demarest I guess you will find out the hard way . jim basie , be it time ? basie | no , Jim . I will tell you when it 's time . | jim | you will not forget ? | dainty | fat chance . - by now demarest be exp pnd rt pidly shayi ge emcruus mmmm ... I be beginning to feel human . demarest keep still or I will cut you . basie you would like that , demarest . I should have a mirror . can you find I a mirror , Jim ? jim I will try , basie . ( but he be still concerned ) basie , without I you would not even have a compass . basie without you , Jim , I would not have a needle . without I , I would not have a compass . continued 162 continued ( 3 ) : 97 dainty I think the river 's best . maybe even cross the river . there will be fewer jap . basie leave it , dainty . suddenly , there be the sound of shout , in japanese , come form the american dormitory . demarest ( in a panic ) jap ! basie and dainty react smoothly , but the dialogue be fast . basie door , Jim . Jim go to the " doorway " of basie 's cubicle . jim right , basie . dainty be fold th ap trito ! quattey no sit become a double - sided chess pode ] vu U il ) vu dainty Radio search . demarest , meanwhile , have fold the razor and toss it out ' the window . basie demarest , you dumb ... dainty ( interrupt ) you compass , basie .... dainty toss the compass to basie who hand it to demarest . basie lose it - not out the window . i | jim | ( from the doorway ) it 's Cohen . basie be fold up the sheet . basie why Cohen ? continued 162 163 164 continued ( 4 ) : 98 dainty - why not ? it 's he turn , and I be sick of he goddamn drum ! int . american men' dormitory - day 163 the situation be that all the prisoner be stand by they bed while sergeant nagata be oversee two japanese soldier who be tear Cohen 's little cubicle to piece , and come up with Cohen 's bongo drum from under he cot . one soldier bring this triumphantly to nagata . nagata take the soldier 's rifle and , with the butt , smashes the bongo drum to bit . there be nothing inside . Cohen , involuntarily , step forward to try to save he drum but he be too late . grief stricken , he rightly accuse , not the japanese , but he fellow prisoner in general . cohen you bastard ! the second soldier knock Cohen to the ground . nagata , frustrated , look around and pause , look at the close curtain lead to basie 's cubicle , watch nervously by the other prisoner . nagata enter basie 's cubicle . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 164 oe the " chess board " have b| fed ' i a bb >. sabidl case . basie and daintyja i g [ chess . i fang 's demarest be watch they play . en nagata enter , ey all get to they foot and stand politely . nagata walk in . carefully . there be now five people in the cubicle and one of they stand out : basie be spruce , tidy , smoothly shaven , and wear nice launder clothes . nagata , dainty , demarest and Jim have more in common , they be variously unshaven , bedraggle , dirty , sweaty and rag . nagata sniff the air delicately . he take in basie 's appearance and resent it . he put he grimy face next to basie 's clean one and sniff the yardley 's . he touch basie 's clean white shirt and look down at basie 's dapper shoe . he look at he own army boot with they lace break and knotted . nagata casually kick over the " table " send the chess piece scatter . the bowl of shave soap and the enamel mug have be place on the floor under the box and be now reveal . the mug be still foamy , with the shave brush stick in it . nagata take out the shave brush and look at it thoughtfully and drop it on the floor . demarest , particularly , be scared , he eye on the mug full of foam . continued 164 continued ; 99 nagata turn he attention back to basie . his back be now to Jim and demarest . nagata say something to basie in japanese ( we do not have to know what , but it could be , " have a nice shave ? " ) . basie bow to nagata . demarest catch Jim 's eye , switch he eye to the shave mug . Jim look at the shave mug . jim be Pov - the compass in the mug . the foam be disappear fast and the compass be already visible . now we see that basie have see the compass . dainty also see it . the scene come in tight on nagata and basie . nagata ( in japanese ) you have a radio . basie stand rigid . nagata ( shout ) we know you have a radio ! he smell basie 's face again . nagata turn back to 168 k ay Site | shave soa sandy the mug . he stoops . he pick up™t ! g and peer ! iin ! of it ; he tip it over and nothing pubwsbapy ater com : s\dut , , ! é a tight close up of Jim 's expressionless face lead down ‘to Jim 's close fist , still wet with winking soap bubbles . we see basie 's surprise and relief . nagata turn back to basie , hold the mug . basie smile and bow to he but it 's the wrong move and nagata hit he hard with the mug . nagata lose control and lay into basie with he fist until basie go down , when nagata start kick he . angle on basie as nagata 's boot do they work on he , he look at Jim ( the only person he trust ) . continued 164 165 166 167 168 continued ( 2 ) : 100 basie - ( gasp ) take care of my thing . basie lose consciousness and nagata could easily kick basie to death . Jim watch in agony . he be about to interfere , but dainty warn he with a slight shake of he head not to move . _ finally , nagata stop and walk abruptly out of the cubicle . int . american men' dormitory - day 165 nagata walk down the " corridor " . the prisoner be still stand quietly . the two japanese soldier be also wait . they fall in behind nagata and leave with he . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 166 demarest be watch nagata leave . demarest okay . basie be unconscious . on demarest 's word , dainty and Jim come to basie 's aid . dainty try to lift he to put he on the cot . Jim interfere . jim do not move he . I will get Dr. ransome . Jim leave . '' rat | lo int . american men be opmiub ef cgrdse '6 eh qentnc 167 bone F ee ee 5 of jim' Pov through window - the hospital a faint light flow from the men' ward , but that 's the only sign of life . angle on jim 168 with a fretful expression on he face , Jim turn away from the window and sit on basie 's bunk . os he hear the voice of the Americans echoing through the dormitory , somebody play the harp and somebody curse . Jim push the wooden box that contain he belonging under the bed . continued 168 continued ; 101 jim be Pov - the three wicker basket hold basie 's great treasure . angle on jim he approach the wicker basket with caution and respect . he look over he shoulder to make sure no one will disturb he and lift the lid of the basket , expect to find a hoard of gold . jim be Pov - content of the basket several pair of woman 's slack and blouse , a pair of khaki short , several nonmatch shoe , aluminum pot and pan , a stack of out - of - date , dog ear life , reader 's digest , and collier , a tin fill with condom , and a Zippo . angle on jim he try the Zippo , - but , it do not work . ime 's disappointed with the , oeepat df , , the! hoard ) . / he ireplace the lid with a great déal fleg gare , then wheh he pene they , and settles down with~a poptflar lechanip . demarest stick he head through the curtain and look rather balefully at Jim as if to say , " be you still here ? " . jim any news ? demarest ( perfect basie -esque delivery ) I give the jap 's another three month . . SIM I mean about basie . demarest oh...naw . Jim go back to he popular mechanic but , second later , tiptree enter the cubicle . he walk up to one of the wicker basket and take a reader 's digest from it . jim ( uncertain ) I think basie would want you to trade something for that , do not you ? continued 168 169 continued ( 2 ) : 102 _ tiptree I will work it out with he , alright , Jim ? jim ( uncertain ) yes , I suppose so . tiptree . have you go to see he yet ? jim no , I have not . he ask I to watch he thing . tiptree that 's funny . and tiptree be about to leave the cubicle . jim ( anxious ) what do you mean , tiptree ? tiptree ee ee '' fi he £5 rn and ...he say basie wasgkindidflinia i bad way , antl__ask . of '' rok y but. .. you_know daint : : J and , on that note , tiptree leave the cubicle . Jim jump off the bed and pace up and down the room , look out the window at the hospital . then , he make up he mind . he take the wicker basket , hide they under the bed , and run out the cubicle . int . hospital ( men' ward ) - evening 169 Jim enter the men' ward . he sees a bed shroud by mosquito netting . certain that he friend be die inside the shroud , he force himself towards the bed . he pull the netting aside . he sees basie lie in the bed . he look frail , almost wispy , under the sheet . angle on jim if he tear duct have not atrophy , he would cry . continued | i | | | | | 169 continued : 103 angle on basie he open he eye and read the anguish on he friend 's face . with a sleepy smile , he indicate the mosquito netting . basie ransome..is..on the take . it take he a few moment to realize what basie mean and , when he do , he reaction be complex . he feel joy that he friend be alive , and sadness because he think even the privilege of die be for sale ( and , in that case , everything be for sale ) . Jim touch the mosquito net . jim ( vather sadly ) you be so clever , easie . basie yeah , it only cost I two battery . jim how be you feel ? i t oye F hasfe L dis I have have wor est tj get fbeater a stoker once . '' et - ws ae jim ( remember ) on the cathay american ? basie that 's right . jim be you a stoker ? basie ship steward on the shanghai / Frisco run . jim why do he beat you ? basie shanghai / Frisco will be the trip now , eh Jim ? continued 169 continued ( 2 ) : 104 jim - ( as if the think occur to he for the first time ) where do you live , basie ? basie here . jim I mean , after the war . basie I will live somewhere else . jim ( as if he already suspect as much ) so , you do not have a home . basie | do I say that ? there be a few moment of silence ( if there be a grandfather clock , we could hear it tick ) . 4a eon for cy oes why don ' nye ' epne|ana ire ate qi amherst ue ? tI tid }like / you ee Z come meet my parén ss. y ex %1 the pool and we will eat three time e day . basie smile at the prospect , but then he smile turn into a scowl . basie hey , you be not feel sorry for I , be you ? jim nobody feel sorry for you , basie . basie that 's right . jim i ( dutifully , as if to a aging champion ) and you always eat first . continued sseeeenaeeaeeeeeeeaeaa eee 169 continued ( 3 ) : 105 basie you say it , kid . ) ( beat ) now , I have be think ' bout go up river . jim I know . basie just give he a look , and then continue . basie the plan be to take a sampan up the yangtze estuary and rendezvous with some hakka friend of mine . jim | '' ( eye big as saucer ) | Pirates ? | basie | ( with a wink ) let 's just call they gentleman of fortune , shall we ? tell I , Jim , do you ever see the Hell driver in shanghai ? i jl - sure , I ak | with han : ney through a purhi wa . y basie | ( pleased ) well , that 's what I be go to call we little outfit , the Hell ' driver . with two fifty calibre in S the hold , we be go to be lord of the yangtze . come to think of it , not a bad name . basie smile to himself . jim but , what about shanghai ? i i basie after this war , everything will change . the chinese be go to take this city back and no one be go to stop they . no , the smart money be on the estuary , Jim . 's that 's ringside for the next war . } jim } and after that ? continued 169 continued ( 4 ) : 106 basie after that I be retire , start a barber college . ( beat ) now I be go to be straight with you , Jim . it 's between you and dainty . Jim almost tremble with excitement . jim ( blurt out ) take I ! basie tell I ... why ... and I will take you . Jim know that everything be riding on he answer , and he consider several one before dismiss they . then , he come up with the only answer he could give . jim because I be you friend . basie respond with a wheeze laugh . | bo pa basie , fy NY oy ( with ! '' certain wart} cs uy what be vout dod se here , ywaay2s 's # jim you ask for I . basie Said who ? jim dainty . basie ( narrow he eye ) you have be have , kid . I do not ask for you .... and I never would . Jim realize what happen , and run from the men' ward . 170 int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) = night 170 Jim stand in the doorway of basie 's cubicle . he be out of breath . jim be Pov - basie' cubicle have be ransacke , the wicker basket lie on they side and the lid be off . continued 170 171 continued 107 angle on jim he have to fight back the tear and then busy himself with try to minimize the damage . he gather up the blouse , the slack , the nonmatch shoe , and the mah jongg set which be break and put they back in the basket . but the tin that hold the condom be empty , and the one tennis racket and the magazine be all go . int . american men' dormitory - night 1721 Jim walk through the american dormitory with the box that hold he belonging clutch to he chest . jim be Pov - the men lie on the cot while read reader 's digest , life , collier , and popular mechanic . when some of the man see Jim , they look away . jim could you please put that back , they belong to basie . but , the man ignore he . i ; i hee , | Jim walk up to dainty , tiptree for dindre 3 ey be | play poker and use basie 's s| of dom be chil ( os | stack like in Vegas ) . jim ( frantic , point | at the condom ) when you be do play , could you put they back in basie 's spot , please . I be suppose to watch he thing ] and he be go to be awfully mad . dainty | basie be not come back , kid . demarest start to shuffle the card . jim no , basie be come back . honest he i be . : but , the man ignore he as demarest deal the card , and Jim walk away with the box clutch to he chest , fight back the tear . 172 ) 173 108 int . family dormitory ( jim' room ) - day 172 in he absence , the vincent have colonize Jim 's part of the room . there be still three cot , but thing have be rearrange with some of the Vincent 's possession place on Jim 's cot , and he photograph have be take down from the wall . Mr. Vincent be lie on he cot , and Mrs. Vincent be sit on hers . as Jim hesitates in the doorway , she and Jim look at each other . she make neither objection nor welcome . then , Mr. Vincent sit up and see Jim . mr . vincent oh no , you can not . and he get up to bar Jim 's entry . Mrs. Vincent gently push she husband back on the bed . she walk to Jim 's cot and take they possession and place they on she cot . she look at Jim , and then take he photograph and start put they back on the wall . angle on jim he start to cry . ext . hospital - day pee . not 173 | ( ote els | Jim wait for basie e step foe , aba sagt barrack that lie opposite the wostifel he ras '' bean fitting there all morning and wipe the sweat off of he forehead every once in awhile . angle on the hospital basie emerge from the hospital and stand in the doorway . he blink he eye against the sun like a big , white mouse , : and then walk down the step with a slight limp . another angle Jim run up to basie , but he ignore jim. jim ( with false cheer ) how be you feel , basie ? basie just keep on walk . continued 173 174 174a 174 cont . 174b continued ; 109 jim - now , about you thing . ( scrape he throat ) dainty and demarest borrow some of they , and so do some of the other fellow , as a matter of fact , but I tell they , put it all back . I be sure they do . basie just send Jim a wither glance and shuffles on . Jim get the message and stop walk , while basie shuffles on . the wind gust between the barrack , and basie almost disappear in a cloud of dust . jim ( shout after he ) they be stronger than I , basie . ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence & airfield ) - day 174 ~ '' Jim walk past the plainer ! fénce . > hi the camp be deteriorate . theré be , buoken wind the path be pitte and the street '' Signs break . Jim be lonely and there be something aimless about he walk . jim be Pov - the airfield 174a across the fence , a Zero airplane be ready for take off . the japanese pilot , ( a kamikaze ) , bow to the three people who comprise he " guard of honor " . there be a japanese corporal and a japanese private and the japanese boy that we have see with the glider . ( we need to put the first glider sc in the first day . ) the japanese pilot shout the name of the Emperor and salute . angle on jim 174 . cont . he shout as loud as he can . jim ( shout ) Zero - sen . angle on the japanese honor guard : 174b they look over they shoulder . they see the unusual English boy on the other side of the fence . . i i 174a 174a cont . 174 cont . 175 175 a 176 176a 177 177a continued , 110 angle on the japanese 174a cont . the pilot climb into the Zero , after several false start , sputter towards the runway . angle on jim 174 cont . still watch , he sing the solo of the hymn that they use to sing in the choir . int . hospital - day 175 Dr. ransome be examine Mrs. Vincent behind a screen in the infirmary . os they hear Jim 's voice . no rush to the window they see Jim stand em ; onkel in ) sle en oh ace , 175a while sing . ext . nantao camp - day 176 Mr. maxted be scrubbing out a.huge pot . it 's hard work and he face be draw and grim . os he hear jim ' solo . Mr. maxted smile and stop scrubbing the pot . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 176a basie be lie on he cot , watch the smoke of he cigarette trail towards the ceiling , when he hear Jim 's song through the open window . one can not tell what he think about it , because he expression stay the same . ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence & airfield ) - day 177 the Zero have lumber into the air . the private and the corporal just glance over they shoulder , but the japanese boy turn all the way around as Jim 's sing continue . he sees Jim , follow the Zero with he eye . a tall ~- 177a american approach from behind . jim " no foe shall say he might , though he with giant fight ; ° then fancy flee away ! I will fear not what man say . " i i i 177b 177¢ 178 lll Jim sing he last note watch the japanese boy watch 177b he . demarest ( os ) hey , caruso .. he want to see you . Jim stop sing , turn around , look at demarest and follow he to the american dormitory . he look over he shoulder . jim be Pov - across the airfield , the japanese boy 177 '' follow the corporal and the private , but he too look over he shoulder . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 178 basie , dainty , and tiptree be stand by the window . basie point towards the airfield . basie you go out through near the block house . the nettle be high enough , for Christ 's sake , and you be on the airfield . dainty . . ten a yeah , right , if aou de t + 4 ein : moh C eee oreo wetag eee iui 4 and I be ' télling " you . that theré 'ré | no mine . I demarest push Jim into the cubicle . Jim do not know what to expect . be this he return from exile , or be he to be punish ? basie look Jim up and down , but do not say a word . jim i ( very softly ) hello , basie . basie produce a almost new life magazine and casually open it . : Jim sees all the picture and color ad . continued 178 continued + 112 jim _ - ( lick he lip '' like a addict ) I have never see that . what year be it ? basie forty -five . jim forty -five ? basie June 14 . jim ( bewilder and delighted ) @ how do you get that ? I think everthing be ... basie I subscribe . dainty and tiptree laugh . basie i I no Honda au tike to feb b , ry Jim . meee yo sok sect bae } after mep_ t fol ger pecnae studebaker , sate ( with a ro gm 1 oot ! - thing from home . jim ( rub he crewcut ) yes , please , basie . ) basie we will see , first thing first . Jim feel like a american again , back in the land of the live . and , he watch basie put the magazine aside and pick up a wire noose attach to a stake . basie look at this . jim what be it ? basie it 's a pheasant trap . do you know what Thanksgiving dinner be , Jim ? continued i 178 179 180 continued ( 2 ) : 113 jim ( insulted ) of course I do . basie well , as a honorary american , we think we would invite you ... but what be Thanksgiving dinner without pheasant ? and basie dangle the noose . jim have you see pheasant , basie ? basie sure , one or two . ( put he finger in the wire noose and pull it tight ) it 's like a noose , see ? neat . I have see they just outside the wire . jim outside the wire ? arn } a a right by ths fa ge ofthe ex feild have across the ] : thes canal . {you ean} ag ? it , easy . '' you be too smart for the jap . Jim find dainty , demarest , tiptree and basie look at he . ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence ) - day 179 Jim walk casually along the perimeter fence . he be wear he shoe and carry the pheasant trap . the fence be not formidable at all . up to now , there have not be much cause to worry about prisoner try to leave the security of the camp . Jim glance up at the watch tower and pass out of view behind a ruin block house on he own side of the wire . int . american dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 180 basie , dainty , tiptree , and demarest be at the window . the fence and the overgrown wilderness beyond it , border the airfield . continued : i 180 continued ; i114 angle on dainty , demarest , tiptree and basie tiptree he 's do good . he 's at the fence . dainty I lay odd he hit a mine . basie there 's no mine . I bet you could walk through anywhere . dainty you get a bet . basie with what , dainty ? dainty my reserve . he produce three cigarettes from he pocket . pz amniy aar 7s ( wath walid ) C but , whatuare you , go fith 's , basie ? basie hold up the life magazine . basie my life . tiptree I think there be mine . I bet my harmonica . 181 ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence ) - day 181 Jim , barefoot now , be worm he way back under the bottom strand of the fence . he crawl , disappear into the nettle , and emerge on the edge of the canal , into which he crawl , keep flat . 182 int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 182 bedlam ! at least fifteen people be crowded into basie 's cubicle and try to look out the window . this be obviously the most fun they have have for week . then , tiptree ( he 's get a good seat ) see something . tiptree nagata . ' | | | 183 184 115 ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence ) - day 183 sgt. nagata be stand by the fence , suspicious , hold he rifle in both hand . he stare through the fence , apparently alert to something . nothing show . angle on jim Jim emerge carefully out of the water of the canal . he be keep as flat as possible , but beginning to feel brave . soaking wet , he move forward in a crouch , glance back over he shoulder . jim be Pov - nagata still on the camp side of the wire , he head turn away from Jim , search the terrain . angle on jim he drop flat . angle on nagata for “y , fs he heard something fdas laperlihf bonatsh« fence . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 184 everybody be jamme around the window . tiptree he 's see something . basie forget it . Jim 's lucky . he 's a black cat . tiptree that 's a dead boy , basie . I will give you odd , my harmonica , and my next meal against you .... all the man watch basie . they know he have nothing to bet with except he life . basie crouch down , lift a piece of floorboard , and pull a small linen sack from under it . continued | 184 185 continued ; 116 basie ( to the other ) my swiss bank account . ( he open the sack and take out a watch ) you be on tiptree . this initiate a orgy of betting . american I a cigarette the kid get it . american ii I will cover that . american III Bet you two rubber , basie . Cohen press the button of a flick knife . cohen what about this ? basie dig in he sack again , and produce a gold ( dental ) i eer ‘ether ! sae at crown , which he show 8 ohen , gopen} examine the crown ( it ought to have |sonle god , dry \b do around the rim ) * cohen you get it , basie . american iv I bet my wife 's picture . basie ( snap ) no market . ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence ) - day we see Jim 's face . he 's lie in the nettle . jim be Pov - nagata work he way along the fence to a point opposite jim. nagata , search around , sees something white and half 185 hide in the grass on the camp side of the fence . unhurry , he investigate and find Jim 's shoe . nagata look at the fence again , and start to work he way through the wire . angle on jim Jim , breathe rapidly with fear , crawl sideways . 186 187 188 117 int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 186 we ' see the intent face at the window . basie look tense . everybody be stare , fascinate . american ii keep go , sarge . -ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence ) - day 187 nagata start to wade across the little canal . nagata'a Pov - the grass and the nettle have be flatten . angle on jim he sees nagata wading through the water . a on int . american men be porn 2 ke a .. , > 4 '' a , '' ft '' fof i ) ( =! = day 188 i! coe C the Americans all olen ! to bas. ( with relish ) you be look at a bust flush , basie . tiptree that 's my watch , basie . cohen fork it over . american prisoner you owe I two rubber . pay up , basie . you be wash up . basie ( intense ) shut up !! I will double all bet and I want all my old magazine back . american prisoner you get it . . two meal . four rubber . continued 188 189 190 191 continued : 118 tiptree Three meal and my harmonica . get another watch ? basie shake another watch from he little linen sack . basie you be go to lose some weight , my friend . american ii I will bet this field glass . basie turn the sack upside - down and a wedding ring fall into he open palm . american ii nod he head . ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence ) - day 189 angle on nagata . mas bet . ad he stand no more si have yard rb esplace Jim be hide . fp. bo angle on jim he see nagata loom nearby . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 190 angle on basie' finger he nervously flip the familiar half crown . ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence ) - day 191 nagata take another step towards Jim , he boot be but a step away from Jim 's hand . os somebody shout something in japanese . angle on nagata he look up . 192 193 119 int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 192 american prisoner ( at the window ) Jesus Christ . what 's go on ? who the hell be that ? ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence ) - day 193 angle on jim he look over he shoulder . jim be Pov - the little japanese boy he be point at what appear to be Jim . jim' Pov : = nagata appear to be neonate mg , pot og ) gee forward . angle on jim expecting a rifle butt against he head , Jim cover he head with he arm . another angle nagata veer away from Jim at the last moment . his eye be fix on something in the grass . nagata bend down and pick up the boy 's glider and launch it back towards the japanese boy . angle on jim he roll sideways behind a bush . another angle the japanese boy catch the glider and bow towards nagata . nagata bow back with a grin and , still chuckle , make he way back to the fence . continued 193 194 195 continued : 120 angle on jim he watch nagata cross the canal and step back into the camp through the fence . Jim turn towards the japanese boy . angle on the japanese boy he wave to Jim . angle on jim he wave to the japanese boy and crawl quickly back towards the fence . in the bg , the japanese boy launch he glider , and run after it . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - day 194 basie smile and snap he finger . basie demarest . " ) fot yaecne demarest move to emc gos leave . basie nobody leave till the bet be settle . he thrust he hand out to one side . basie my binocular , if you would be so kind . american ii hand over the binocular . basie put the binocular against he eye and watch Jim through the window . basie good boy . int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) - 195 moment later although the air be blue from cigarette smoke , most of the prisoner be go . demarest and tiptree be still there help basie put he loot on the shelf . continued 195 continued : 121 Jim enter the cubicle , wet and out of breath . jim I set the trap , basie . basie I know you do , Jim . I see you . and he hand Jim the life magazine . angle on jim he settles himself on basie 's bunk and open up the life . he glance at the shelf . he sees ( on basie 's shelf ) Cohen 's flick knife , a pair of binocular , tiptree 's harmonica , the tin of condom , and at least a pack worth of loose cigaret . dainty enter the room with all of basie 's old magazine . he do not see Jim sit on the bed . _dainty ( to basiey '' fp aa sy rs | I get to Hand Sf [ to lyon , Babies na vat really think that ifehce\waasalivey 's jim be Pov - basie be frantically make a shut - up sign to dainty , but dainty do not see he . dainty and hell , that brat be all over the place , so it be not like he miss any . angle on jim he put it all together and bolt from the cubicle . basie ( to dainty ) dainty .. you asshole . ( jerk he head to demarest ) bring he back . demarest run after Jim . F i i 196 197 122 int . family dormitory ( jim' room ) - day 196 Jim sit on he cot . he study the life magazine with the same intensity as he Latin primer . ° Mrs. Vincent stand by the door ; she be speak to demarest who stand on the other side of the partially draw curtain , and be out of view mrs . vincent no , Jim do not want to see you . os we hear demarest 's unintelligible mumble . mrs . vincent well then , why do not Mr. basie come over himself ? again we hear demarest 's unintelligible reply and he heavy footstep walk away . Mrs. Vincent draw the curtain with the same force as if she be close a kitchen door . she have a new collier 's in she hand ( that demarest give she for Jim from basie ) . she sit on she cot opposite Jim . mrs . vincent be pov - qr g with he eye tightly shut ch . é@unew 's word he have just , learn from the " tife magazine . 7 7 jim von runstedt ; belsen ; GI Joe ; Okinawa ; bazooka ; bacall . os somebody call . english prisoner food lorry be here . Jim grab he mess tin and follow Mrs. Vincent out the door . ext . nantao camp - day 197 the food lorry be surround by prisoner . angle on the food lorry the ration have be cut in half , the lorry load of sack be smaller and the sack themselves be half empty . we see continued * } i I } ; ee SE ee ue EU estos os nnt 197 continued : 123 the prisoner take in this fact , and they start call to each other in anger and despair . one prisoner shout ) the news to the camp . : prisoner they have cut the ration . jim be Pov - mr. maxted be about to lose he place in the queue . another angle Jim run over to help Mr. maxted , for there be a riot go on outside the serve hatch . the other cart , with they @ attendant , be jostling for position , and there be a lot of shouting . Jim and maxted be fight for they place . blow be exchange and then a couple of guard wade into the scrum , hit the prisoner with bamboo stave . angle on the serving hatch the two japanese order lie tpepensiple for \d , tabs ey the cook potato from a catiidron| ( a cae | garbage can ) simply give bp . | fae wi h st | surging mob of a hundred prisoner , they tip we potato onto the ground . Jim look around . jim be Pov - mr. and mrs . vincent | e lap around the edge of the mob . he know they be not strong enough to fight with the other . angle on jim there be a immediate scrum into which Jim hurl himself . on the ground , Jim grab a potato and stuff it in he mouth . he manage to grab two more potato which he put inside he shirt . Jim struggle free of the mob , and when he get clear , he see Mr. maxted sit on the ground against the over-turn cart . jim I get yours , Mr. maxted . Jim take a potato from inside he shirt , and hand it to '' Mr. maxted . continued 197 continued ( 2 ) : 124 maxted ( daze ) my God , what have we come to ? maxted take the potato from Jim . the rioting prisoner separate they , knock Jim over . 198 int . family dormitory ( jim' room ) - day 198 Jim enter the room , look as though he have be in a fight , which of course , he have . Mrs. Vincent stand at the window with she back to he and she do not turn . Jim hesitates , glance at she , and then go into he cubicle , draw aside he curtain and let it fall back into place . | Jim sit on he bed . from inside he shirt , he take he remain potato . as he be about to take a small bite out of the potato , he hear Mr. Vincent come in . Jim pause . Mr. Vincent have just enter . he be hold he mess tin . he look break . Mrs. Vincent turn to he . mr . vincent the ration have be ... like animal . sorry . some pete % Mr. Vincent suddenly .. 2tg 'jama jing t| imst the | bed rail . Jim 's curegin [ 3 jeu as b ) m , gwho stand | there with the potato i ' wana , hel@ oft . i jim ( brightly ) hello , Mr. Vincent ... I have get yours . Mr. Vincent and Mrs. Vincent turn to look at he . Jim offer the potato . jim I get you one to share , but it 's a i good one . . Mr. Vincent shake he head and walk out of the room . i Mrs. Vincent hold she gaze on Jim . jim it 's all right ... there 's no weevils . almost . he correct slightly , flick a weevil off the potato . mrs . vincent you get it for yourself . continued 198 continued ; 125 jim - well , I can change my mind . I have already have one . mrs . vincent that 's steal . jim I know . I will probably go to hell if I eat it . you will go too , if you make I . mrs . vincent well , at least I will have you there . jim you do not want to go to hell with I , Mrs. Vincent . mrs . vincent do you believe in hell , Jim ? jim I do not know , Mrs. Vincent . do you ? mrs . vincent no , I believe in vitamin . Mrs. Vincent take the potato out of he hand , break it in half and give half ba ium 4 she sits~down nm she bed | and take a small bite of F e B aed . Jim : do the same . they si oki + ean ! ther} nibble a they potato . it only take ew moment for they to eat what they have . Jim be leave with a large crumb of potato on he lip . I I I jim I hope my parent have get a extra potato ... wherever they be . mrs . vincent ( notice it ) you have get a ... she reach out a hand towards Jim 's face , and with she index finger push the crumb of potato into Jim 's mouth . Mrs. Vincent leave she finger in he mouth for a half a second longer than necessary , hold he look , not provocatively , but tenderly . 199 ext . nantao camp - day 199 Jim loiter through the camp . continued 200 201 202 continued ; 126 he see Paul and David . jim would you like a hershey bar ? paul & david oh , yes please , Jim . jim so would I , have you get one ? and he walk on . he hear ( with he finely tune ear ) the very distant drine of a squadron of plane . he run towards the block house . ext . nantao camp ( block house ) - day 200 Jim be clamber up the step to the balcony . he have to clamber over the break masonry which have fall on the stair . he get to the top and sit in the balcony look at the airfield , get himself under control . the air raid siren sound from : fgnnlod = for , da . repair gang on the runway Star ann in of um look up at the sky . the gun fon} the wantab pago : né up , fire at nothing . Jim look round at the camp . jim be Pov - the camp 201 be empty itself . Children be be lift up through the window and push through doorway . people be hurry indoors until , very quickly , the whole place look desert . suddenly a shadow cross the block house towards the 202 perimeter fence . there be a tornado of noise . a single engine fighter , a silver fuselage , star and bar , 30 foot above Jim 's head , a mustang , hurtle across the perimeter fence , along the runway , six foot from the ground , leave the dust boil behind it . from around the airfield anti-aircraft gun open up towards the camp . the tier of the pagoda crackle with light . a second mustang sweep over the paddy field to Jim 's leave . a third plane , so low that Jim be look down into the cockpit , and so close that he can see the oil spraying from the engine exhaust , scream by he shoulder and away towards the airfield , machine - gun plane on the ground . the wash from the engine tear corrugate iron sheet from the roof of building in the camp . a shell explode high above the assembly hall , stun the air , cover Jim in white stone-dust . the violence of the raid continued | | sa 202 203 204 @ 205 206 207 208 continued ; 127 obliterate all Jim 's other feeling : he be on he foot , he face alive with excitement . the hangar near the pagoda be burn . a mustang be on fire , wheeling to the ground , catch a wing - tip cartwheel and explode . below the block house , basie be the only person in sight . he look up at the block house and see Jim . basie Jim . basie start hurry up the staircase of the block house . ext . block house ( roof ) - day Jim stand in the middle of the roof . jim be Pov - the mustang skim over the nantao airfield and release they bomb to render it inoperable . basie climb onto the roof . Jim hear the roll thunder of the japanese anti - aircraft gun . a mustang race low oveze the : foot . the , planeyissso low that Jim can see the p he taje & no behind a pair of goggle , we se the flash af be wave of a hand . angle on basie afraid to step onto the roof , he stand on the last few stair that lead up to it . basie ( shout ) Jim !!! get down !!! Jim turn towards basie . but he be drown out by a burst of mustang machine - gun fire . and , Jim 's eye be on the sky as he practically dance across the roof . basie gather he courage , and step onto the roof . basie ( shout over the din ) Jim !!! 203 204 205 206 207 208 | | | | | 209 209 a 209 210 211 128 angle on jim 209 his eye be glaze . another mustang roar over - they , its underbelly pock mark from shrapnel and flak . jim ( point at the plane ) p - 51 . be not they beautiful , basie . I can almost touch they . smell they . ( breathes in ) . oil and cordite . basie , who be not at all interested in aerial warfare , try to pull Jim down , but he slip from basie 's grip and stand all the way on the edge of the roof . jim be Pov - a mustang 209a trail black smoke in the sky . jim 209 they be so brave . cont . the japanese fire off another barrage of flak . hubincte AG heroes a ~api be bd goddamn 's coney ress pilot . basie take a deep breath and make it out to the edge of the rooftop ( like a man on a tight rope ) . basie now , calm down , come on down with I . they see the mustang veer away from the airfield and 210 head for home . only the winge mustang remain , and it begin to spiral towards the burial mound , but the pilot manage to bail out . his parachute unfurl with the snap of silk in the wind . , jim 211 I be a Hell Driver , be not I , basie ? basie sure you be , Jim . so , let 's get on with we job . and he guide Jim towards the stair . '' Jim suddenly hug basie , who be not use to be hugge , and stand there with he hand stiffly by he side . continued 211 212 213 214 215 216 216a continued : 129 jim - ( confess a sin ) I do not remember what my parent look like . I use to play bridge with my mother in she bedroom . jim be Pov - over basie' shoulder 212 the american pilot float no more than thirty foot from they . he be black and look like a exotic american god . he wave at Jim . two rifle shot ring out and the pilot twitches in he harnass before go slack . another angle 213 at the SOUND of the shot , basie hug Jim . ransome climb onto the roof and see they there . basie take Jim and push he gently into ransome 's arm . basie Jim 's tired . Jim hug Dr. ransome , bias ebr . erich ocs '' amatus sum , amatus es , amatus est . jim be Pov - figure 214 stripping the still smoulder mustang . they climb down the stair . 218 int . family dormitory ( jim' room ) - night 216 as usual , Jim be awake . on the otherside of the curtain we hear the labor breathe of the vincent . Jim be look out the window . jim be Pov - the american men' dormitory 216a and , more specificly , basie 's window . : 216 216 cont . 216a cont . 216 cont . 217 218 219 220 221 continued : 130 angle on jim 216 : cont . he be about to doze off and shake he head violently in order to stay . awake . jim be Pov - the american men' dormitory 216a cont . which be quiet as a grave . angle on jim 216 cont . he pinch himself , but fall asleep with he head against the window never - the-less . angle on the american men' dormitory qo : 217 goot t i x8 two shadow slip from fos i seb poal 9 fete cy in the moonlight . we see basi and { dairity nakingétheir ay under the fence ; the place Jim clear for they . ext . nantao camp ( guard house ) - day 218 there be unusual activity here . Soldiers be come out of the guard house in full march order and lining up outside . order be be shout by sgt. nagata . the soldier on the watch tower be climb down to join they . ext . nantao camp ( family dormitory ) - day 219 Jim see this activity . he move forward towards the guard house . when he realize what be happen for certain , he make a break for the man 's dormitory block . he run up the step of the block . . . int . british & american men' dormitory / lobby - day 220 Jim arrive in the little lobby separate the british and american dormitory . he barge into the british dormitory . int . british men' dormitory 221 the scene inside be much as we remember it . though condition and morale be even lower . continued see SD 221 continued ! 131 jim . - ( excitedly ) '' the guard be leave ! he turn and immediately leave . 222 int . american men' dormitory - day 222 Jim enter the dormitory , hardly notice that the american prisoner be get ready to leave . a few of they call to he . prisoner hey , bellboy ! Jim ! } 223 int . american men' dormitory ( basie' room ) = day 223 Jim enter . basie be not there . demarest be stand look stunne , in tear . demarest ( in tear , really cry ; he suddenly seem young cowmsd , he 's I mep 0 g q he 's escape ? demarest L Left everything . walk out on | three year 's work . how could he do that ? jim @ ( disbelief and disappointment ) he can not have ... he promise he would ... demarest ( ignore he ) do not it mean anything to he ? jim | ( collect himself ) i I suppose not . } Jim go to the window and look out of it , blink back he tear . . J 223a 223 cont . 224 132 jim be Pov - the perimeter fence 223a he look at the part of the fence where basie and _ dainty break through . Jim turn to demarest . 223 cont . jim he know it be time . we will all have to leave now , demarest . demarest ( go crazy ) I can not leave ! I get all this stuff ! jim ( hesitantly ) - do basie leave a message for I ? demarest why the rfl ] eave message for eed m y Jim blink back a as m a leavé . 0 's int . american men' dormitory - day 224 Jim retrace he step . we see tiptree among the prisoner prepare to leave . tiptree hey , Jim ... ( reach into he pocket for a coin ) - basie say to give you this . tiptree flip the coin at Jim , who catch it . closeup - coin it be the English half crown that basie take from Jim at they first meeting . wider angle jim ( happier ) thanks , tiptree . 133 225 ext . nantao camp - day 225 all the guard , kitted out to march , be draw up outside the wire , on the road . the camp gate be open . we see sergeant nagata among the guard . he look dejectedly towards the wire . reverse shot show that he be look at Jim who smile back at he . nagata see Jim 's buff golf shoe . he look at he own rag boot . nagata Boy ... difficult boy . the scene be not quiet . many of the prisoner , particularly woman , be jeer and spitting at the japanese guard . one | hysterical woman come forward tear she dress in she rage | and fling a piece it do at the foot of the guard , i spitting at they . m hye 08 9 the | the war must have end . maxted ended again , Jim ? I do not think we | can stand it . 226 ext . nantao camp ( gate ) - day 226 Jim , Mr. maxted , the vincent , and other prisoner be stand by the wide open gate . there be not a guard in | sight anymore , they have all leave . the prisoner be silent and uneasy with they recent freedom ( if one can call it that ) . a fire break out in one of the barrack by the airfield | and the red glow of the flame be , reflect on the prisoner , the camp , and the burial mound outside . Jim sees something os . he point he finger . jim look ! Jim and the prisoner see three horsemen riding up to the I camp . Zigzagging between the mound , they look like the ' embodiment of the apocalypse . i : i continued 226 continued : 134 angle on the leader Jim recognize the leader of the rider ; it 's lieutenant price , the handsome young officer who enthralled the lady at Mr. lockwood 's party . but now , Lt. price be white as chalk , he chest pucker with cigarette burn , and he wrist wrap in bloody bandage . he wear a rifle across he shoulder and he eye be completely derange . the two other man in he party be heavily armed . Lt. price steady he shaggy pony which be frighten of the fire in the barrack . lt . prices' Pov - jim and the prisoner stare at he . another angle lo. price ( shout ) ~ '' emco oob be angle on jim he stay mute . lt . price whiskey ? jim no sir , just collier 's , life , reader 's digest , and popular mechanic . Lt. price try to control himself by lighting a cigarette and suck hungrily on it . he look at the prisoner with absolute disgust . lt . price Christ . what kind of a war do you people have ? ( shout ) well , do not just stand there , you be free . he turn he horse around and take the rifle from he back and fire a shot into the air . angle on the prisoner they cringe . continued | 226 227 continued ( 2 ) : 135 angle on lt . price lt . price ( shout over he shoulder at the prisoner ) follow I ... everyone must die . angle on the prisoner they slowly close the gate . another angle one of the man call to Lt. price and he ride he pony over to he . the man point at something in the distance . Lt. price kick he horse and they gallop away , specter chase other specter among the burial mound . nour oe oso mich 008 9 they see what chase off Lt. price . ext . nantao camp - ( road & gate ) - day 227 another angle headlights show a long way down the road . maxted and Jim notice they . the prisoner also notice they . the whole crowd of prisoner then watch apprehensively as a very efficient military convoy roar down the road and sweep up alongside the camp , with well - dress and well - armed soldier jump out of the vehicle , pour into the camp , threat - ening figure with bayonet fix . the prisoner fall back , trip over each other and panic . Jim and maxted , still try to retain possession of they cart , move back among they . a japanese soldier kick the cart aside . Jim make a grab for the cart but maxted pull he away . jim be they go to kill we ? maxted steady , jim. jim it 's alright .. they do not need to kill we . maxted -- o£ course they do not , Jim . continued 227 228 229 continued : 136 jim we will all be dead soon enough . '' maxted ( rebuke he ) Jim ! remember you father . another angle a japanese staff car drive through the camp gate , with a officer stand in the back , shouting through a megaphone . the crowd of prisoner have quiete down . the word come back , prisoner to prisoner , from that nearest the japanese staff car . the prisoner in front of Jim and Mr. maxted turn around and pass the word . prisoner one suitcase ! we leave in a hour ! int . family dormitory ( jim' room ) - day 228 vamos fmch 0089 we be leave . the news have preceed he . the vincent be put together they few possession . mrs . vincent not before time . Jim get busy , and there be little enough to put in he wooden box . he take he best airplane picture off the wall and , after a moment 's hesitation , the photograph of the unknown couple . as a final gesture he impulsively tear down the partition , which have be re-erected . jim ( leave ) I want to be at the front . he take a final look at the room where he have live for three year and then abruptly depart . ext . nantao camp ( gate ) - day . 229 a japanese jeep - type vehicle roar through the gate and go straight to the hospital step . 137 230 ext . nantao camp hospital - day ) the jeep - type vehicle halt and two japanese soldier throw a unconscious , beat - up , prisoner onto the hospital veranda . this be dainty . ransome come out of the hospital doorway . the vehicle roar away . ransome kneel down and turn dainty over . Jim come run up , carry he box which he put on the step . jim dainty . ransome help I get he inside . ransome and Jim , together , lift dainty into the hospital . 231 int . nantao camp hospital - day ransome and Jim half carry and half drag dainty into the dispensary and then into the men' ward where they put he on a cot . dainty . . awh em fall 008 9 " ransome he can not talk , Jim . patient Doctor !... the jap will shoot we . ransome no they will not . es he be feel dainty for break bone . ransome Jim , you get to you place . I be put you in charge of the march . jim be not you come with we ? ransome not yet ... this people can not walk . jim we be go to nantao to get a boat up - coutry . ransome ( maybe I will see you there . continued 230 231 | | ~ 231 232 233 continued ! 138 jim - I will save you some ration at nantao , Dr. ransome . ransome good . just in case , keep up you Latin . jim I will , Dr. ransome . Jim run out of the hospital and ransome pause to watch he go . ext . nantao camp ( perimeter fence & airfield ) - day 232 a Zero aeroplane be warming up . the Pilot be of a kamikaze . the same pathetic little ceremony be take place . a corporal and a private , not very interested , borrow for the occasion from a nearby gang work on the bomb runway , be witness to the ritual . Jim be watch from the fence . then we realize , and we see that Jim realize , that the pilot be the youth whom we see for the first time in mode hap a year and a half ago . i s. 's ok - fne Emperor . g Jim suddenly shout . the pilot turn to look at Jim . the pilot climb up into the cockpit of the Zero . but the plane be have trouble . the engine start and die and start again . the pilot shout to the private ( mechanic ) who be already walk away with the corporal . the private come back . the pilot get out of the Zero . he start hit the plane with he fist . ext . nantao camp road - day 233 the prisoner be draw up to march . they be mostly burden with a surprising array of chattel , include tennis racquet , umbrella , box , basket , bundle . the smaller child be be carry by they parent . maxted be at the front of the column , behind the vehicle which be go to lead the march . the soldier of the newly arrive convoy flank the column of prisoner on either side . Jim , struggle a little with he wooden box , come hurry along the line of the march . he pass some of the people we know : Mr. lockwood , Mrs. Phillips , and Mrs. gilmour . Jim arrive , panting , at the head of the column where maxted have keep he place . continued t | | t ' 234 235 continued : 139 jim _ you have not bring any luggage , Mr. maxted . maxted no , Jim . I do not think I will be need any luggage . with a final shout order , the lead vehicle move off . . Jim put he right arm up in the air like a U.S. Calvary major and give the signal , superfluously , to march . with the sound of hundred of clog clatter into a shuffle , the rag cavalcade set off . ext . countryside ( MARCH ) - day a wide shot of the prisoner on the march , armed guard at interval on either side , one vehicle lead other vehicle behind . on the road the march pass some of the debris of war , burn - out vehicle , etc . ext . countryside ( MARCH ) - later that day maxted , still at enfoef feel yf sh qauscrry , breathe heavily , no oo istagge en he stop and Jim pause with he . they begin to be overtaken by the march ... prisoner walk by with they burden . maxted watch they go by , festoon with object from the pre-war world , the tennis racket , the parasol , the golf bag , the bundle of hoard clothes and shoe . Mr. maxted shake he head in disbelief . maxted where be they keep it all ? they must have think internment would be another country club , under new management . jim we ought to keep go , Mr. maxted . maxted you go on , Jim . get back to the front . jim I can smell the dock . we will be at nantao by dark . . maxted go on , Jim . continued 234 235 235 236 237 continued ? 140 jim - I will save you place . they be well back in the march now , and Jim struggle to overtake the people in front . he find himself alongside Mr. and Mrs. Vincent . Mr. Vincent seem to be in pain . Mrs. Vincent carry they suitcase , she eye fix ahead . jim Mrs. Vincent ... mrs . vincent not now , Jim . ext . countryside - dusk 236 we hear the haunt song . prisoner ( sing ) we be the girl every boy adore . C ac do not mean a thing to I . the SOUND be come grom the almost naked skeletal figure of a prisoner who , imbetter > ine , as *.one , the nantao pharess : emca 008 angle on the MARCH 237 the march have shed a kind of skin , a long line of abandon luggage , and quite a number of dead and die prisoner . Jim stumble over a body fall down in the middle of the march . he sees that it 's Mr. Vincent , dead . Jim only hesitates for a moment and then continue to stumble on . the march be pass by several burn and break military vehicle . some of the prisoner have drop out to rest on the hood and run board . one of they be Mrs. Vincent . she scan the march as it go by , look for somebody . mrs . vincent geoffrey ... geoffrey ... Jim . have you see Mr. Vincent ? Jim look up . there be something basiesque about the expression on he face and the inflection in he voice . jim good news Mrs. Vincent . he go to the head of the line to look for you . continued 238 239 239a 239 cont . 239a cont . continued ; 141 Jim watch Mrs. Vincent walk as fast as she can ( which be not very fast ) towards the head of the line . angle on the MARCH the march stumble on for it 's cave . angle on jim he march along like a automaton recite Latin noun as if to absolve himself . jim domum , domi , domo . ext . stadium ( tunnel ) - night 238 the march be emerge out of the tunnel into a stadium . the stadium be open and rain fall into it . the guard move into the stadium i ingsaroun thy run track , the prisoner ' 1 no pba ? t f£ ithe stadium , a football fie 's E al pdgst th ei rend . there be a air raid go on , and the scen¢ be '' oc€asionally light by flame and explosion . int . stadium - day 239 jim be Pov - a bright morning SUN after the rain . we see the bright blue sky . a bomber be fly high overhead . we can hear the drine and possibly see a vapor trail . angle on jim 239 a he be lie on he back on the grass of the stadium . jim' Pov - a curious falling shine 239 cont . in the sky . then a SOUND as the shower of hail patter all around Jim , all around the stadium . the drone of the bomber be fade away . Jim lean up on one elbow . he be cover in a suit of 239a shine ice crystal , which also cover the grass around cont . he . he brushes ice from he face , out of he hair . he look around and we see he surprised expression . 142 jim be Pov - a line of radiator grill 240 of limousine , shine , the car sparkling with the melting hail . the vision be like nothing he have see fora long time , a vision of the past . the limousine be in fact laid up , park in row behind the goal post of the football stadium . the stand be well fill with the spoil of war . apart from the car , there be stack of furniture and other goods include a white piano in which somebody be playing vivaldi . the prisoner be lie down on the grass of the stadium . 241 they look as if they have drop at random from the sky . already the hail be melting into wetness in the sunlight . pool of rainwater lie on the cinder track around the edge of the field . Jim get up stiffly and limp to one of the puddle . he drink from he cup hand . other prisoner be stir and beginning to follow he example . the japanese guard form a group at the outside edge of the cinder track , where they have be breakfast : a meager affair , but there be a small travel canteen around which they be squatting and stand , just finish they meal and get ready to move out again . a japanese officer be hurry they up , sho , fan ; say nward the soldier begin to org esvand not oner into a line of march . duri hi im} se 5 Vincent sit up with she head on she raise knee . he be join by maxted who have come to share he puddle of water . maxted no breakfast again , Jim . the club | secretary shall hear of this . jim ( look around at the activity of the japanese ) we be go on again . maxted onward and upward . | : jim where be they take we ? maxted upcountry . jim why ? what be this " upcountry " ? maxted avoid the question . jim will there be food there ? continued 241 continued ! 143 maxted - ( shrug ) there 's none here . one of the japanese soldier be in they vicinity get people to they foot . some of the prisoner can not stand up and the soldier allow this to remain , since he have no alternative . he approach maxted and Jim , order they in japanese , and the two of they get to they foot also . maxted come on . jim I will get Mrs. Vincent . maxted allow himself to be herde along into the line of march . Jim return the few yard to where he be lie near he box . he pick up the box and come over to Mrs. Vincent . she be still sit as we last see she . we have t we ratio ; ( h ° we be go upcountry . Mrs. Vincent ignore he . Jim touch she shoulder . she ignore that , too . jim Mrs. Vincent ... Mrs. Vincent look at he . she shake she head dumbly . Jim be uncertain what to do . he look across towards the line of march which be just about ready to leave . jim be Pov - maxted look towards he . maxted Jim ! back to scene Mrs. Vincent take hold of Jim 's hand and try to pull he down towards she . Jim bend down . mrs . vincent do not go . better here . continued 241 continued ( 2 ) : 144 she lick she lip which be dry . Jim look towards the march again . maxted be look towards he . Jim raise a hand by way of farewell . he see maxted return the wave just before a soldier shove he into motion . the march leave the stadium through the tunnel . there be perhaps thirty or forty prisoner leave on the grass , some already dead . Jim go to the nearest puddle and return to Mrs. Vincent with water in he cup hand . he let the water trickle into she mouth . her lip close over he finger , grateful for the water . jim Mrs. Vincent , be you look for God ? mrs . vincent ( not really hearing he ) yes , Jim . Jim lie down next to she and look up in the same direction . jim = " emch 0089 mrs . vincent ( automatically ) yes , Jim . jim above the 3lst parallel ? Mrs. Vincent , would not God be above the magnetic pole ? you ought to look at the ground under shanghai . the think make Jim laugh . jim perhaps we have all die and this be just we soul . yes , we will stay here . we soul can do the march . Mrs. Vincent do not move . Jim do not move either . he close he eye . jim I have be think about be a atheist . perhaps I be just ' bored by the choir . mrs . vincent Jamie . continued 241 242 242a 242 cont . 243 continued ( 3 ) : 145 jim _ yes , Mrs. Vincent . it 's I . Jamie . Mrs. Vincent start to shiver , quite noticeably , almost violently . Jim open he box and take out he blazer and spread it over Mrs. Vincent 's shoulder and chest . he lie down next to she , embrace she , and repeat he name , which amuse he and he start to chuckle . jim Jamie , Jamie , Jamie . int . stadium - evening 242 Jim and Mrs. Vincent be much as we see they . Jim 's eye . be close and he now open they . he move he head slightly and sees : the stadium horizon against the evening sky . suddenly the sky seem to whiten a little bit . Jim 's eye blink , he frown . jim be Pov - the horizon edge of the stadium crop no fy re gOe9 back to scene 242 cont . frightened , he sit up . the white glare fall over he face and over the stadium . it heighten , become incandescent as though the whole world have become white hot , lose its detail in blind light . jim ( frighten ) Mrs. Vincent ? the white glare fade rapidly . he look down and see Mrs. Vincent 's face . . it 's so cold in the stadium that Mrs. Vincent breath be vaporize . small white puff of breath escape from she mouth and then stop . int . stadium - day 243 Jim lie asleep . his head rest on the blazer which be still cover Mrs. Vincent . a airplane be heard fly low and noisily over the stadium . Jim wake abruptly and sit up automatically search for the plane , automatically identify it . continued i i 243 continued ; 146 jim - hayate . then he realize where he be . he sees Mrs. Vincent , dead . the blazer have slip during the night . Jim carefully adjust it . then , look around , he see that he golf shoe be no longer on he foot . Jim get up and look around and see a man , a civilian but a healthy one , dress in good slack and a clean white shirt . he be move among the corpse , remove small article . he hold Jim 's shoe in he hand . Jim walk over to he . Jim point to the shoe . : jim that be mine . Dr. ransome give they to I . the man look at Jim . he be bigger than Jim and furthermore he have a pistol stick into he waistband . but Jim 's stare be unflinch , he be beyond fear and the man succumb to he . ( ov} of ) 8 g that 's o| I twast&e b oi ' that shoe in case you turn up . tell you mar and pa . look like you could use a couple of bag of rice . ask around , kid - any wedding ring , charm , watch , we can work it together . jim be the war over ? man that 's for sure . they call time . we be friend now . anytime the whole U.S. navy be go to tie up at the bund . jim : it 's never over . man kid , they drop the atom bomb . kill a million people . one big flash . jim I see it . man yeah ? continued | | i} 1 ! | 243 244 245 246 247 continued ( 2 ) : 147 jim a white light ? man that 's correct . jim I think it be Mrs. Vincent 's soul go up to heaven . man I guess you could say that 's what it be . ask around - ring , bracelet ... Jim put on he shoe and turn away , walk back to he box , he pick it up , think better of it and put it down . he open it and consider the content . he pick up " wing " , the comic book he have take from he house on amherst Avenue , and he small model plane . he hold they for a moment and then return they to the box and walk towards the tunnel . ext . stadium - day 1 244 Jim walk alone oucfoel WA ( cafe : & q. prisoner have also wander i qathe a a e@ look around in a daze way . there 's a long straight road ahead of he . Jim start to walk . nearby a field of grass be burn . ext . paddy field - day 245 Jim be still walk . there be aircraft noise overhead . Jim look up and sees : a four-engine superfortress . 246 the door of the bomb bay open , revealing the silver cylinder ready to fall from they rack . the superfortress drum past . the sky be fill with color parachute . dozen of canopy float gaily on the air , as if enjoy the August sun . the parachute sail past , fall toward nantao Camp . 247 a silver canister drag its collapse parachute and plumment to the ground , strike a canal embankment two hundred yard away . the canister burst on impact . Jim lower himself down the slope of sunbake earth and squat by the open mouth of the cylinder . around he , on the floor of the culvert , be a ransom of can food and cigarette packet . the canister have be cramme with cardboard carton , and one continued 247 continued : 148 i have break loose from the nose cone and scattered its content over the ground . Jim crawl among the can , wiping he eye so that he can read the label . there be tin of spam , klim and nescafe , bar of chocolate and cellophane pack of lucky Strike and chesterfield cigarettes , bundle of reader 's digest and life magazine , time and Saturday even Post . the sight of so much food confuse Jim , force on hima _ notion of choice that he have not know for year . the can | and packet be freeze , as if they have just emerge from a | american refrigerator . os he hear a car . i 248 angle on the burning field 248 out of the wall of flame ( like the Hell driver ) , a mud | spatter buick burst through . it race at breakneck i speed towards Jim . the car , once a staff car of a chinese General , be still adorn with the insignia and rice paper sticker of the General . a beard european in rc ' in fdr 's from the driver 's seat and wa : im ) fe} ts}eo owed by 0 another man carry a ave . the european punch jim_in the face to get he away from the canister . the other man raise he stave for the coup de grace . Jim raise he hand . i jim ( recite ) I be a british prisoner . I be go to nantao camp . I be a british prisoner . the man with the stave be perplex enough to allow Jim to live for a few more second . Jim address the european in the fly jacket who be root through the content of the canister . jim ( point at stadium ) lincoln Zephyr , buick , white cadillac . : basie what 's this talk about white cadillac ? Jim sees basie saunter towards he from the car . | | | continued 248 249 250 continued : 149 jim ( wiping blood from he nose ) basie , it 's I , Jim ... shanghai Jim . the cabin steward 's wary eye , with they sharp but modest focus , scan the content of the canister . the man with the stave wait for a signal , with he stave raise . Jim , in desperation , gather the scattered magazine and hold they up like they be icon that could protect he . jim life Magazine ; reader 's digest . I have keep the latest copy for you . I have learn hundred of new word . ardenne , mauthausen , theresian stadt , iwo jima ... ext . lagoon & countryside - day 249 the buick speed alo ho ! ° ibe fhly lagoon at a breakneck pace . e iver ffi isfol out the window . int . moving buick - day 250 Jim squirm between basie and the bearded european ( a frenchman ) in the backseat . other men occupy the front seat . they be drink rice wine and pass the bottle to the backseat . the content of the canister be scattered all over the car ; k-ration , can of spam , carton of chesterfield - a black marketeer dream . jim ( while eyeing a can of spam ) be this the Hell driver , basie ? frenchman ( thick accent ) be still , you want more bloody nose ? basie Jim , there 's no room for wrestle . just sit quietly . basie take a can of spam , peel the cover back , and hand it to Jim . Jim do not hesitate . he scoops out one third of the meat and wolf it down . basie shake he head and take the can away from Jim , feed he much smaller amount . continued _ 250 @ '' 251 252 continued : 150 basie you know what happen to people who eat too fast , do not you , Jim ? jim ( try to chew before he swallow ) yes , basie , they die . the frenchman take another gulp of rice wine and fire he pistol out the window at a seagull that skim the lake . basie put he arm around Jim in a protective reflex . Jim glance at the frenchman , and basie feed he more spam . jim basie , have the next war effectively begin ? that 's emef - 66 & 9 there be still a lot of word I have not learn . I would like to go back to shanghai . I might see my mother and father today . basie you need more than luck in shanghai . jim will uncle Sam be there , basie ; every gob and GI Joe ? basie ( remarkably unenthusiastic ) he will be there , and every GI Joe in the Pacific . the frenchman thrust the rice wihe into Jim 's hand . Jim drink from the bottle , wash away some of the spam . jim be Pov - the nantao pagoda 251 on the horizon . another angle . 252 Jim pass the bottle to basie . continued 252 253 continued : 151 jim be we go back to the camp ? frenchman be quiet , boy ... you mean nothing to I . Jim try to keep silent , but he just can not . jim basie , do you see the atom bomb go off ? I see the flash over nagasaki from nantao Stadium . Jim 's nose be beginning to bleed again . basie dip a rag in rice wine and clean the blood and the pulpy spam from he face . '' aw emer 0089 jim ( over amp ) for a whole minute , basie , a white light stronger than the sun cover shanghai . I suppose God want to see everything . the frenchman turn to basie . frenchman ( incredulous ) four year with he ? ext . nantao camp airfield 253 the bandit buick tear along the edge of the airfield when the driver suddenly slam on the brake . the rear passenger door open and Jim tumble onto the tarmac . angle on basie he stick he head out of the window . basie wait for I here , and keep you head down . the car pull away with screeching tire and then lurch to a halt again . basie motion to Jim . Jim run up to the car . continued 253 254 continued : 152 angle on basie basie ( with a grin ) hey , kid ... you want a hershey bar ? before Jim can reply , the car pull away again and basie throw something out the window . '' angle on jim he run to the object and pick it up . angle on jim' hand ws ateseremch ( 01039 angle on jim he eat the hershey bar like somebody be go to take it away from he , and lick the foil until he mouth and chin be cover with chocolate . he sees a strand Zero near the edge of the airfield . he walk over to the Zero and climb into the cockpit . int . zero cockpit ( nantao camp airfield ) - day 254 Inside the cockpit , he examine the instrument panel . glue to the panel be a boy 's glider that now serve as a mascot . Jim tug at the glider and it come off . jim be Pov - someone move through the tall nettle on the edge of the field . angle on jim he duck down until he sees that it 's the young japanese boy . angle on the pilot the young pilot be walk around in a state of dement despair , knock nettle about with he bamboo stick . 255 256 257 153 ext . zero cockpit ( nantao airfield ) - day 255 no longer fearful , Jim climb down from the cockpit and move towards the pilot with the glider in he hand . the pilot gasp and whimper and , when he look at Jim , Jim raise the glider to remind the pilot of the bond they once have . ext . nantao camp airfield - day 256 Jim come closer , like he be try to make friend with a wild animal . . the pilot turn away pme ji he . the pilot stop and t a dia 1 } wr ' ny from he fly suit and give it to Jim . ( os we hear the buick ) when Jim try to follow the pilot again , the pilot , with a final gasp of self - loathing , push Jim away . Three quick pistol shot ring out , and the pilot fall over . jim be Pov - basie 257 with a gun in he hand , be run from the buick towards Jim . jim ( in anger and anguish ) basie ! Jim run toward the fall pilot . basie catch up with he and watch how Jim crouch next to the pilot . jim ( scream ) he give I a mango . basie ( a little drunk ) I will give you a whole damn fruit salad . now , let 's get out of here . Jim turn the pilot on he back . the pilot be as good as dead , but Jim try to . bring he back the way he do Amy matthews . basie realize that Jim be truly distraught . jim ( with a tear streak face ) he be my friend . basie sway a little , and look over at the car . somebody be try to start the engine . continued 257 continued ; 154 basie - ( by way of apology ) hey , kid , I just see the shove . he watch Jim pound on the pilot 's chest while keep one eye on the car . basie ( skeptical ) if he 's not dead , you will kill he . angle on pilot his eye roll open . mce b089 be still pita basie ransome be go , Jim . so be everybody else . ( indicate pilot ) he 's dead ... we have get to go ... now . Jim pound on the pilot 's chest with all he might , try to keep he eye open . jim ( concentrate on the pilot ) you go . the pilot cough up some blood . basie look at the buick . he sees the frenchman work under the hood while the driver keep try to start the engine . another angle basie plead . basie come on , you have get to come with I ... I have get to look after you for you daddy . jim you have never look after I . I look after you . continued | | | 257 257a 257b 257c 257d 257e 258 continued ( 2 ) : 155 os the buick engine turn over , and basie be talk fast now . basie hey , come on . you be my boy . 1 get to. take you to you daddy . we will fill up the pool and eat three time a day . jim ( cold as ice ) my father would never let you swim in we pool . basie stop breathe for a moment , for he know what Jim just say be true . he spin around and run towards the car . he look over he shoulder just before he jump in . seste 's nov ~ son wh 008 g 257a pound on the chest of the japanese pilot , in between the high nettle , on the edge of the runway they build . another angle 257b basie jump in the backseat of the buick . angle on jim and the pilot 257c the pilot shudder and die in Jim 's arm . Jim get up and run towards the runway where the buick be speed away . jim be Pov - the buick 257d he sees basie 's face in the rear window of the disappear buick . basie salute he . angle on jim 2s57e Jim salute the disappear car . int . moving ' buick - day 258 basie turn back from the window and slowly drop he salute , a single tear roll down he cheek . the frenchman stare curiously at he and offer he the bottle . basie take the bottle and wipe the tear away . continued e | I p i : j | 258 continued . 156 basie allergy . 259 angle on jim 259 he hold he salute until the car be out of sight , then he I take deep breath and launch the glider towards nantao camp . I i angle on the glider the shimmer heat push the glider over the burial mound towards nantao camp . we wane thes em 0 q 9 he run through the net i ust idér . he stumble over something and fall to the ground . angle on bike | ' Jim stumble over a rusty , old bicycle . angle on jim he watch the glider . 260 angle on a plane 260 the plane be white ( like the glider ) and high up in the air . could this be the glider ? 261 ext . nantao camp - day 261 plane' Pov we see Jim way down below , on he bicycle , in the middle of the parade ground of the desert camp . he wave . a giant shadow pass over he and the roar of the engine rattles the barrack . Jim get back onto the rusty bike , thé wheel squeak and he be breathe hard . he essentially retrace he step from the first day in the camp . continued 261 262 263 264 265 continued $ 157 he drive from the guard house towards the family dormitory ( maybe we faintly hear , " we be the girl every boy adore " . ) he carry he bike up the step . int . family dormitory ( jim' room ) - day 262 we be there before Jim , but we hear he come . he be humming a hymn , and the rubber wheel make the floor board creak . Jim enter on he bike . jim be Pov - the few photograph leave on the wall . Thi a id apwinathe , wind through the shattered [ hai . '' cc ) nce use to separate Jim from e/|vindentjs , 4 be ' fe ) thn a dusty | rag . ext . nantao camp ( hospital & dormitories ) - day 263 Jim ride past the break window of the hospital . jim be Pov - the co ts . and the infirmary flash by . i Jim veer away towards the british & american dormitory . the door be open so he do not need to get off he bike . int . american men' dormitory - day 264 — there be nothing leave of basie 's great hoard but a break tennis racket . Jim stand there for awhile as he look at he childhood before riding away . ext . nantao camp - day . 265 Jim shoot out of the man 's dormitory back onto the parade i ground , where the wind kick up a fine dust . he throw he bike into a skid . jim' Pov = a communist underground guerrilla detachment ( 10 - 20 man ) stand by the gate , watch he . continued 265 266 267 continued ! 158 another angle they leader approach Jim . jim I surrender . angle on the officer it 's Yang . he be miss one arm and he empty sleeve hang loosely at he side . he smile at Jim . jim ( relieved ) Yang ! Jim hug Yang and sob with relief against he chest . G , I will take yo ghi Jim , so that fyoul c fi yo parent . ext . displace person be ( camp shanghai ) - day 266 the displace person 's camp be somewhere in the international settlement . it consist of yet more barrack patrol by red cross volunteer . angle on barracks 267 a roomful of child , age five to eighteen , be lean ' against the wall of a barrack . the war have make they tough i and give they a feral look . some sport wound ; a girl wear a chinese tatoo ; they look more like a gang than anything else . a boy , no more than ten year old , eat a bowl of rice with a pair of chopstick which he use as deftly as any native . angle on jim i he stand between dozen of other " jim " . angle on a nurse a very english nurse walk up to the child and motion i they forward . the child leave the safety of the wall I with a collective groan . then the nurse motion somewhere F continued 267 268 continued : 159 os , and a group of adult arrive . the adult , have a chance to return to they home , look better than the child , although they fashion be mostly pre-war . ' the adult walk slowly past the child , for they be search for they son and daughter . angle on the child they act , and be arrange , like they be in a line -up . they smirk and giggle defensively under the pierce , long scrutiny of the adult . ° a girl fall into the arm of she Parents . a wave of jealousy ripple through both the parent and the child . jim' pov : emc } a endless array of white , ami 1s ce 39 ... before move on . suddenly , he find he father 's face stare into he . then he father move on . his mother look at he briefly , be about to walk on , when something draw she back . jim' mother Jamie ? Jim step out of the line into he mother 's arm . his father , mortify , rush back and join the embrace . jim' father '' ... it 's you hair , you see ... Jim walk away with he parent and the nurse . he look over he shoulder . jim be Pov - the child that have not be find 's yet , look at he . ext . shanghai - ( the bund ) day 268 shanghai be quite different from the last time we see it . as the car move through the street , we see student and poster proclaim " japanese imperialist go Home ! " and '' celebrate we Victory in the War of resistance against Japan . " this be see from inside a move car . 269 int . moving car = day Jim sit in between he parent in the backseat of the car which be - drive by a new chauffeur . the car be move among other car , include military vehicle . horn be blaring and there be a lot of bustle and noise . angle on jim sitting between he parent , he suddenly seem 3 much older , he eye haunt like Lt. price . jim' Pov - the face of the chinese people move past the window . Jim 's mother turn to he . I mo 's darling , in to . something ? Jim look at she with a blank expression in he eye . jim ' mother ( proudly ) I stop smoking . his father pat he knee . jim' father we manage to get the pool fill , you know . jim' mother ( annoyed ) that be go to be a surprise . a awkward silence settles in the Packard . Jim 's feature be guard . he turn around and look through the rear window of the car . he sees the river and the harbor , the light twinkle in the dusk . angle on he parent they be uncomfortable with Jim . his father clear he throat , desperate to make some sort of contact . continued 269 269 270 continued ? 161 jim' father tell I , Jim . be you able to keep up with you education ? Jim sag in the backseat and close he eye . jim ' ( no loner a string of word ) if I should die , think only this of I . that there be some corner of a foreign field , that be forever England . ext . shanghai ( the bund ) - dusk 270 mp ( V there . ij a o a rich ss ele a dust which England breed . loose paper flower float in the wash of a landing craft carry sailor from a american cruiser . the flower form a waver garland as they begin they long journey towards the estuary of the yangtze . the end