encrypt by Richard Taylor fade in : the earth spin in mortal turmoil . a vast spinner of cloud the size of Australia approach the west coast of North America , lightning flash , thunder bellowing and crackling . the sky glow red and purple , angry and crazy . this be the planet make gothic by human intervention . seattle - the space needle be buffete by hundred - and - fifty - mile - an- hour wind . plate glass shatter and explode . san francisco - the golden gate bridge quake before the raging wind . a giant tsunami surge toward the great suspension bridge . when it pass , cable have be wrench , untwine , and collapse appear imminent . ext . los angele - night the city be a swamp , some building on dry ground , other below sea level . Far south and east of its northern cousin , the full thrust of the storm have not strike Los Angeles yet . smoke from open fire trail skyward like ghost and spread along the ceiling of the sky even as it bleed rain everywhere . a ten -year-old girl ( mandy ) run , terrify , down a decaye city street . she clutches something in she dirt - cake hand , hold it dear to she breast . the girl slide around a corner on she bottom , stare back . girl be Pov - the STREET seem derelict . a flash of lightning reveal man scurrying like rat after she . encrypt by Richard Taylor 2 . resume and follow mandy ( a montage ) as she turn and scramble away . her pursuer follow she everywhere — around rusting car , through a abandon mta bus , and across the rubble of a building that once dispense happy meal and toy . Mandy dive into a burrow beneath pile debris . one of the man walk directly toward she . another scurries , chortling madly , around to she side . a third man approach from behind . Mandy clutches she prize ever - more tightly and pray that they do not see she . they do . the leader lift Mandy from the debris , she naked leg dangle from beneath she tear dress . lead rat lookit what I get ! Mandy struggle and scream . lead Rat cover she mouth . limp Rat snatch the prize from she finger : a dinner roll , hard as a rock and twice as filthy . limping rat so that 's what you be hide , little girl ? do not you want to share ? you want to share , right ? Mandy writhes free enough to say : mandy take it ! take it ! just ... leave I alone ! chortle Rat arrive . his finger pinch Mandy 's leg . chortle rat this little girl 's plump . lead Rat drop she to the ground , assess she . lead rat you get family , girl ... with anything to trade ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 3 . continued : Mandy understand immediately . mandy yes ! yes , my daddy 's get can goods . and gasoline . lead Rat think about this . the dinner roll lie abandon nearby suggest not . chortle rat she would feed we for a week ! limping rat ( grin , of chortle Rat as he assess girl ) I dunno ... you still on that diet ? Mandy scream and try to break away . lead Rat hold she in a vise grip . chortle Rat kneel beside the little girl . chortle rat ( of leader ) I never take you for squeamish . that settles it . lead Rat produce a huge switchblade . it snap out , steel catch the light . Mandy scream . a arrow slam through lead Rat 's neck . he do not move , not believe . JOHN garth ( 35 ) stand on a wall ( scene ) , a hard man with hawk eye now focus on kill . even though he be a warrior , there be something humane about John garth . he know there be no glory to what he be do . his rock - like expose arm hold the bow 's tension like the cable of a suspension bridge , and shake with the load . he release . lead Rat face death and drop . limp Rat be already scurrying away , weapon draw , when garth 's second arrow catch he . he drop . chortle Rat , whining fearfully , scuttle around debris , hide he silhouette . he pull a nasty look automatic and look up to find a target when a arrow slam into he . he fall . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 4 . continued : garth drop to the ground , walk to Mandy , who stand suck air like the price be go up . JOHN garth you mother 's worried . Mandy shake she head crazily . yes , I know . garth kneel beside she . Mandy burst into he arm . he hold she like a father until she sob diminish . garth you should not go out by yourself . Mandy bury she head in he chest , safe now . mandy but I be hungry , John . garth I know ... garth release she and step past to harvest the arrow that take lead Rat 's life . he take the switchblade as well . Mandy scurries to where the dinner roll lie and retrieve it . she try to bite into it . hard as stone . beside limping rat' corpse - garth harvest the second arrow , use the switchblade to cut the arrow out . Mandy stagger to garth 's side . she look yearningly at limp Rat . clutch garth 's leg : mandy it would be a waste to just leave they here . garth ( understanding she meaning ) no. mandy but I be hungry . garth you stay here . I have to get my other arrow . garth move to get the arrow . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 5 . continued : Mandy wait nervously near limp Rat 's corpse . when garth return , he scoops she up and start walk away . look back from garth 's arm , Mandy 's hungry eye remain on the corpse . ext . survivor be camp - night it 's a hovel bandage with debris . campfire burn with constant complaint , sizzling ember and hiss wood once shape by hand . mist cloud everything . Men and woman guard the rampart , some with gun , some with bow like garth 's . a guard someone 's come . the man scramble to the wall . garth's voice ( a shout ) John garth ! a moment later garth enter the camp with Mandy carry on he hip . Mandy 's mother rush to take she into she arm as garth drop she . mandy mom Mandy ! mandy look , Mom ... I find some bread . mandy mom where be you ?! I have be worried to death ! garth she 's okay . I find she about six block south , near pico . mandy mom thank you . garth it 's okay . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 6 . continued : mandy ( show she prize ) Mom ! look , bread ! mandy mom you put that away , now . one of the hunter find meat . we have stew . garth turn at this information . meat ? mandy food ?! mommy , I be so hungry ... mandy mom come on , sweetheart . I will get you a bowl . garth question this silently , then turn to head for he dig . ext./ int . garth's dig - night a often-repaired tent . garth throw the entry flap back , enter to find he father , matthew , garth grow older and weaker . he lie in a hammock , recover from a break leg . matthew you be not dead , I see . store he equipment : garth not yet . how 's the leg ? matthew I be hobbling about . anything happen out there ? garth turn to survey he father , pull three can of Campbell 's soup from he jacket . garth I kill six man ... three this morning over this ... ( present the can ) ... three tonight over the parker girl . matthew you find she alive ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 7 . continued : garth alive . she would not have stay that way long ... I hear they have get stew . do anybody bring you some ? Matthew snort . matthew rodriguez say he kill a deer . bring the meat in already butcher ... there be no deer leave in Los Angeles , not even in the canyon . garth understand . meat . of the human variety . after a moment : garth how ' bout some Campbell 's soup ? m'm-m'm - good ... ( read label ) cream of mushroom ... chicken noodle ... and cream of tomato . matthew ( smack he lip ) Chicken noodle . I will stoke the fire . garth no , dad . I will take care of it . you stay off that leg . garth pull he survival knife and begin to open one of the can . dissolve : int . garth's dig - night garth and Matthew lie asleep after they repast , Matthew in he hammock , garth on a bed make of old clothes . ext . survivor be camp - night Guards walk lonely beat behind wall of debris . suddenly a brilliant light appear in the night sky . a voice from a loudspeaker : helicopter voice you people in the camp ... we be look for John garth . encrypt by Richard Taylor 8 . another angle - helicopter hover a hundred yard from the rampart , its single directional light bounce from point to point on the wall . helicopter voice be he in there ? ext . camp garth exit he dig . his father hobble after . a camp citizen climb to the top of the wall . camp citizen he 's here ... what do you want ? helicopter voice we be come in . the chopper set down . moment later - three men enter the camp . two wear lapd uniform , the third a long coat with a detective badge pin to a lapel , lapiere . he 's the sort of man who become a cop because of one perk — power . one of the uniform carry a cardboard box mark peaches . the camp citizen give they a wide berth . garth stand one row back . lapiere I be detective Lieutenant oscar lapiere of the lapd . the crowd --. he 's no cop ... no police anymore ... he 's lie ( etc . ) lapiere of course there be police leave . ( smile confidently ) we be just like you , try to survive . we help when we can . garth you must be pretty busy ... elsewhere . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 9 . continued : lapiere 's steady grin bely the heat of he eye direct at garth . lapiere where 's John garth ? garth what do you want with he ? lapiere I have bring he a gift . be you John garth ? garth what gift ? who send it ? lapiere allow the question to dangle a moment , then step aside and gesture to the cop hold the crate to set it down . lapiere peaches ... name brand , not the store variety ... pack in syrup . the gasp of camp citizen suggest this might be gold . garth who send it ? lapiere Anton Reich . garth kneel beside the cardboard box to check the glue seal . not tampere with . lapiere ( cont 'd ) I take it you be John garth ? garth who 's Anton Reich ? and what do he want with I ? Mandy step through the crowd and kneel beside the box . she be in awe of it . lapiere he want to hire you . he instruct I to tell you — this be a signing bonus . garth sign bonus ? then it 's not a gift ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 10 . continued : lapiere oh no . it 's yours . no string . garth consider that , then tear the box open and hand Mandy a can . she can not suppress she joy . running to she mother : mandy mommy ! mommy ! look what I get ! lapiere ( continue with restrain disapproval ) you can do with it what you will , of course ... Mr. Reich just want to take a meeting with you . garth remove four can from the box and give they to he father . take one can for himself , garth shove what remain of the box into the arm of the camp leader . garth share this ... ( to lapiere ) let 's go . ext . outside the camp - night the helicopter look shiny new as garth , lapiere and the cop trudge through debris-ridd terrain . garth use he survival knife to open the can of peach . garth ( of chopper ) I do not think there be any of that leave . lapiere you would be surprised what 's leave ... if you know the right people . ext . / int . the helicopter - night the chopper fly through the rainy night . garth push the can lid back and drink thirstily before lift a peach slice out and swallow it whole , like a bear with a fish just catch from a stream . lapiere look on with amusement . garth see he look , offer the can . lapiere no thank you . I have eat . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 11 . continued : garth shrug , dig out another fish . ext . ucla medical CENTER landing pad - night the light work , even if the sign have be damage : ucl ( a ) m( ed ) ical cen ( t ) er . the chopper set down . garth , lapiere and the attend cop exit and make for the big hospital building as garth toss the empty can of peach into a empty wire receptacle . int . ucla medical CENTER - night garth , lapiere and the uniform cop make they way into the building , which obviously be no longer in use as a hospital . even though it appear abandon , the light work . garth stop to look around . he have not see electric light in month . garth what 's power this light ? lapiere ( move he along ) Mr. Reich have he residence on the top floor . int . ucla medical CENTER top floor - night a immense open bay . at one end be stack platform after platform of can goods , ammunition , oil , military weaponry in case , liquor , medical supplies . at the opposite end , a mansion in miniature with unblemish furniture , Persian carpet , drape over the window , stand of famous artwork , painting , sculpture , and a huge oak desk steal , certainly , from a rich man 's office . Men in uniform stand guard beside the elevator door , one lapd , the second mta . one uniform be as good as another , apparently the elevator open . garth and lapiere exit , follow by the two cop . another angle - anton reich be a man of formidable countenance . 50 , he wear clothes that in better time might be consider obscenely expensive . he ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 12 . continued : be a leader , a manipulator , and a salesman . he approach garth as if welcoming a important client , extend a hand . reich Major garth , welcome . Anton Reich . garth survey he briefly , the proffer hand , then turn he gaze to the cop . reich ( cont 'd ) do not worry . they be not really police . they work for I now . garth 's gaze continue to the flat of can goods and other supplies . reich ( cont 'd ) be you hungry , Major ? garth oh no , I just finish dinner . Steak and lobster , a good chardonnay , and chocolate mousse for dessert . reich ( amused ) better than my table , I be afraid . but I can have my cook whip up something ... Major ? garth I be not a major . reich no , of course not . not anymore . who of we have title this day ?... sergeant ? lapiere it 's Lieutenant , Mr. Reich . reich Mr. garth and I will have dinner in the residence . see to it . lapiere yes , sir . lapiere turn and move for the elevator . reich ( to cop ) you two may leave as well . the two cop follow lapiere . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 13 . continued : Reich take garth by the arm , and release he on garth 's look . reich ( cont 'd ) while we be wait for dinner , can I get you anything else ? garth well , adolph ... you can tell I what you want so I can blow this bunker . reich adolph ... not such a bad fellow after all , now be he ?... I should think simple logic would answer you question . you have nothing I could want — except skill . obviously , I want to hire you . garth I be not for hire . reich yes , I be certain that 's so . do you see that flat of can goods back there ? garth look . a mountain eight foot by eight foot . a fortune . reich ( cont 'd ) I have it bring up here just so you could see it . I usually leave food down in the pantry ... in any case , there be sixty case of beef stew , sixty of fruit cocktail , sixty case of peach — my favorite , I usually have peach for dessert — sixty case of devile ham , sixty case of hash , sixty case of tuna , sixty case of ... well , I can give you a manifest . garth take in the vast fortune . he fail to hide he astonishment . reich ( cont 'd ) be you still not for hire , Major garth ? garth 's silence be answer enough . reich ( cont 'd ) I think so ... garth who do you want I to kill ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 14 . continued : reich kill ? kill ?! killing be easy , Major . what I want you to do be much harder . Care for a brandy ? Reich open a fresh bottle of courvoisier , almost fill two snifter , turn to hand one to garth . garth stand before one of a dozen painting , many recognizable , but not this . it 's a map of the earth with a vast storm , not unlike the Red Spot of Jupiter , swirl across the world . Reich present garth with a brandy . reich you have find my nilsson . it 's magnificent , be not it ? garth take the brandy , sniff , and be snatch into enthralled memory . reich ( cont 'd ) it 's call ' the Blue Spot . ' it be paint right after they discover the storm that circle the surface of the earth , like ' the Red Spot ' circle Jupiter , return again and again , wreak havoc ... nilsson kill himself right after he complete it . garth suicide do not exactly distinguish he , do it ? reich no , not at all . so many people have kill themselves . still , it 's a magnificent piece . most of this piece you see here I take into protective custody from the getty . garth I think I recognize some of they . reich which be why I need you , Major . garth I tell you . I be not a major anymore . encrypt by Richard Taylor 15 . reich yank a tarp from a table miniature of a estate . reich come see this . garth reluctantly join he . reich ( cont 'd ) do you recognize it ? garth the Vincent estate . reich yes . it 's locate across the four-oh - five from the getty , in the sepulveda pass . it 's nearly as big , too . be you familiar with Vincent ? garth just that he 's rich . reich be rich . no one 's see he in year . he 's probably dead . still , he estate remain operative ... you may have wonder how it be that we have electric light here , elevator that work and so on , when the rest of the city have be reduce to the stone age . it 's because ucla have a nuke in the basement . it be install for educational purpose , but it 's large enough to supply the entire facility with power ... Reich search garth 's eye for understanding . finally : reich ( cont 'd ) Vincent install a duplicate in he estate . it 's fully automated , power a specially design security system . Vincent intend to convert he estate into a museum on he death , but the world fall apart first . I want you to break in , Major ... break in and shut down Vincent 's nuke , so I can take all of Vincent 's art into protective custody . ( continued ) continued : encrypt by Richard Taylor 16 . garth ( cynical grin ) protective custody ? reich oh hell , I could call it steal , but the truth be , it will only be in my hand until I die , and then the next fellow will come along and protect it . garth you could say the same thing about gold ... ( eye drift toward the palet of food ) -.. while other valuable be consumable . reich ( smile ) yes , that 's true ... so , what do you say ? the shadow across garth 's eye hide deep thought . later - garth and reich sit at table enjoy a sumptuous meal . candlestick , wine , dish fill with ample portion . nearby , the table miniature . reich -.. thing be , the roof be protect by surface - to - air missile , sam . anything that come within a thousand yard of the place be blow up . garth you try it ? reich hm , yes . garth why not assault it from the side ? reich the grounds be protect by miniature battle unit — tank , in reality , although they be manufacture to look like dog . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 17 . continued : garth with just the equipment you have over there ... ( gesture crate across room ) ++. you could take out something like that . reich the entrance be make of six inch armor plate , but we could get past that , too . it be prove during the middle age that any wall may be breach . no , the problem be , I do not want any of Vincent 's collection damage . garth go in a window , then . reich you make it sound so easy . I hope that it be . a window , yes . the real problem be not get in , but stay alive once you be there ... ( on garth 's look ) I have much of Vincent 's security plan . some , anyway . he employ a new kind of controller , a sentient computer system . garth the computer reason ? like a human be ? reich here . let I show you . Reich remove a notebook computer from a briefcase beside the table , open it . a picture of diana logan , 28 , appear on the screen . diana be beautiful , yes , but behind she eye reside a incisive mind and a depth of feel unusual in one so young . reich ( cont 'd ) twenty year ago this woman , diana Logan , be die of cancer . Vincent convinced she to transfer she consciousness into he one -of - a-kind mainframe , which he name encrypt . she life there still , inside Vincent 's mansion ... a kind of apparition within he computer . garth study the face . it remind he that once flower bloom , that there be hope in the world , that people be young and beautiful . he close the notebook lid . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 18 . continued : garth she control all of the security system ? reich yes . as well as maintenance and repair . as I say , the Vincent mansion be fully automated . garth be she program to kill ? reich oh yes . if necessary . garth how do I defeat she ... the system , I mean ? reich you defeat each subsystem separately . but in order to defeat the entire system , you must shut down the reactor . it 's locate in the basement , along with the supercomputer that control everything . obviously , this area present the great challenge . garth obviously . reich there be one additional thing I have not mention yet ... research that Vincent be do ... the last copy of which may be in the computer . I want you to download it before shutting the system off . garth what kind of research ? Reich consider not tell he . he delay , sip wine , cut another bite of meat . then : reich Vincent be research weather control ... a way to stop the storm — the STORM — and return the earth to its original weather pattern . garth laugh . redemption ? it seem absurd . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 19 . continued : garth you want I to save the world ? Reich smile too . reich yes . could you please ?... it 's probably nothing . Vincent be miss and in all likelihood dead , not a indicator for success , be it ? still , even if he research be partially complete ... garth stand and walk to the window . the city light be fire consume furniture and dream . Reich join he . garth the world 's die while you play potentate inside this wall . Hell , it 's already dead . what you see out there be nothing more than the death rattle . reich no . what you see out there be a thinning of the herd . from ten billion people to maybe a million ... a necessary event ... and we who be to survive will need a return to the old weather cycle ... and art , too , if we be to remain civilized . download the data if you can ... but shut down that nuke . the SOUND of a firefight some distance away . reich ( cont 'd ) my competitor from the South Bay . she push north with a army twice the size of mine . she 's flush with booty from that shopping center down there , the biggest one in the world . it 's make she strong ... that 's why I be pull out , Major , relocate to the Central Coast after the storm pass . I want the Vincent estate before I leave . and I plan to leave the moment the storm clear . that 's how much time you will have , two , maybe three day . after that I blow my way in and take whatever 's not destroy . encrypt by Richard Taylor 20 follow garth and reich as they walk past the palet of food and supplies . reich I want you to have a good night 's sleep ... be at you best before you go in ... be there anything I can get you ? companionship , maybe ? garth stop before the eight - by-eight - foot cube of food . garth I do nothing ... until this be deliver to my camp . reich ( laugh ) half . the rest when you come out . garth gesture assent . reich ( cont 'd ) ( call ) sergeant lapiere . the elevator door open revealing lapiere and two former lapd cop . reich ( cont 'd ) show the Major to he room ... then arrange to have half of this food deliver to he camp . tonight . int . garth's room - night the room be splendidly attire , subtly illuminate . lapiere allow garth in , then close the door behind he . garth begin to remove he clothes . Movement in the corner of the room . a woman step out of the shadow . she be lovely . her greek gown insinuate that she possess nothing else , just this garment . clearly , this situation be new to she and she 's afraid . woman I be ... yours , if you want I . garth do not know what to say . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 21 . continued : the woman release the gown and it slip away . the strain of this , the humiliation , tug on she expression . she step up to garth , wait for he to touch she . she will not cry . no . but the struggle make the muscle of she face dance with restrain emotion . garth pull the bedspread from the bed and wrap she in it . she clutches the garment about herself , thankful . finally she brow find he chest . she sob . garth 's arm almost close about she , but he hesitates . after a moment : garth who be you ? slave I be ... a cpa . she look up . her intelligent eye search he . slave ( cont 'd ) who be you ? the question have many answer . finally : garth a civilized man . the next morning find the woman asleep beneath the cover , and garth waking above they . he rise from the bed , begin to dress . the doorway - lapiere stand just inside , grin smugly . lapiere forget that stuff . we have get new clothes for you . you can even shower , if you want . in the shower - garth stand beneath the spray of hot water . the feel of it remind he of clean yesterday . encrypt by Richard Taylor 22 . locker room - garth exit the shower to find a stack of clothes on a bench , and new boot beneath it . he dress . residence - garth and reich observe he notebook computer screen . reich have you face automated defense system before , Major ? garth many time . reich then you know that Vincent industry supply much of the world 's automated security and combat system . he make everything from sentry dog , like this ... insert - screen ( and intercut as necessary ) where the sentry dog lope onto the screen , then transmorphs into a animated blueprint . the animal look like a large bulldog . resume garth and reich look at the screen . reich ( continuous ) +... to more commercial combat platform . this particular model can be configure as a strictly urban , house protection system , or it can carry weapon . in the case of Vincent 's mansion , the dog be fully armed . we test the perimeter to find out . garth ( disdainful ) who go in ? lapiere ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 23 . continued : reich no . unfortunately we man be kill . you know Captain Leon vega of the Army ranger ? the name impact . garth I train he ... reich yes . he mention you before he die ... Inside the Vincent mansion there be other platform , several that be on the market , and possibly a number that Vincent be develop but have not yet finalize . almost certainly you will find the ghost . the ghost come up on the screen . it indeed look like a ghost , a float apparition , but it have tooth — weapon barrel , which be show when the device transmorphs into a animated blueprint . reich ( cont 'd ) it fire a mini-pulse bolt that can both stun and kill , depend on the programming . other weapon configuration be possible . its design be intend to scare off intruder first , so there be a mercy factor build in . garth mercy factor ... reich there be other weapon platform possibility . we have list all that we know about Vincent industry equipment in this notebook computer . take it with you . familiarize yourself with Vincent 's defense mechanism . my advice , though , be to expect the unexpected . garth close the notebook , consider what he have get himself into . armory - garth marvel at the array of weapon and combat paraphernalia organize on shelf and attach to wall . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 24 . continued : Reich and lapiere watch from nearby as the armorer bring what appear to be a metal flak jacket to garth and fit it to he . armorer have you wear force - field body armor before , Major ? garth no . armorer I be not surprised . it be just introduce during the last day of the Pentagon ... now , it 's battery operate . this read - out ... he place a watch - like device on garth 's wrist . armorer ( cont 'd ) --. here tell you you count . generally speak , the armor be good for approximately a hundred round of five - point- five -six , or seventy - five round of seven-point-six - two . grenade and pulse weapon take a toll of anywhere from ten to a hundred point , depend on the proximity of impact . you follow ? garth I follow . armorer good . now this be a battery pack . the armorer strap a battery belt to garth 's waist . armorer ( cont 'd ) it hold twenty additional battery . they be not interconnected for reason of short out or chain reaction . you understand ? this armor be electrically operate . garth I get the concept . armorer you must change the battery between firefight , or whenever a battery become deplete . some battery may provide protection past the hundred mark , but do not count on it . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 25 continued : the armorer take a m - 16 off a table and point it at garth . armorer ( cont 'd ) ( to Reich and lapiere ) gentlemen , you may wish to stand back . glancing round will deflect . Reich and lapiere retreat five pace . garth can not believe he 's about to be shot at . he step forward ... the armorer begins firing . the round hit garth repeatedly until the magazine empty . each round hitting the body armor cause it to ' flash ' as it repel the firepower . the armorer switch magazine as garth , angere and surprised , attempt to march forward again and take the gun from the armorer 's hand . garth be again thrown back by successive round , and then to the floor . the armorer reload , begin fire again as garth try to get up , finally succeed , assault forward toward the armorer as he reload yet another magazine , and begin fire again , throw garth back . garth topple behind the table . the armorer switch to a AK - 47 . armorer ( cont 'd ) switch to a larger round ... this heavier round throw garth back to the wall . most round hit the armor , flatten and slide to the floor , while glancing blows deflect left and right . armorer ( cont 'd ) ( shouting over din ) it 's advisable that you seek cover when be fire upon . while armor-deflected round can not penetrate , the concussive force of the round ... ( change magazine , start fire ) -.. can disorient and in some case render the recipient unconscious . I be avoid the Major 's head area for demonstration purpose . a enemy will not be so lenient . the armorer finish he last magazine and put the AK - 47 down . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 26 . continued : garth rise , shake , and march for the armorer , who raise a hand , signal ' stop . ' armorer ( cont 'd ) ( big smile ) just kid . garth stop , try to control he anger . garth you son-of - a-bitch , you do not warn I ! armorer Major , you have just take eighty direct hit . under normal circumstance , one would have be enough to kill you . how do you feel ? garth grab the smaller man and nearly lift he off he foot . after a moment : garth I feel ... swell . garth drop the armorer and surge past as Reich and lapiere share a look of amusement . insert - the recharger pack in the armorer 's hand be tug open , revealing slot that accept body armor battery , and dial for adjust the equipment . int . the armory - the armorer ( scene ) twist the pack for garth to see . armorer the pack have its own armor . do not let it take direct hit if you want to continue supplying power to you body armor . the unit accommodate ten battery at a time , and can recharge they from cold to hot in about a hour . you will go in with ten battery charge in here , plus the twenty on you belt . get it ? this time garth sneer at he and yank the pack out of he hand . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 27 . continued : garth how many recharge ? armorer thirty . maybe less . battery technology be freaky ... but you can connect to one - ten and recharge the battery directly from house current , presume there be house current . at the selection table - garth stand before a number of rifle and pistol array on the table . the armorer , Reich and lapiere watch from five pace away . armorer what do you want ? garth what do you get ? armorer everything . garth then what do you recommend ? armorer pulse rifle . he pick up the pulse rifle and throw it to garth . armorer ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) have the punch of a fifty with almost no recoil . use the same battery as the armor , fifty round of decrease intensity . have a tendency to start fire . that could be problematical ... reich choose another gun . garth look at he a moment , then : garth I will take it . what else ? armorer I recommend a automatic pistol . two , if you do not mind the weight . this Smith & ( more ) ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 28 . continued : armorer ( cont would ) wesson be pretty slick . it hold fifty round of five- point-five - six and spit they out at a rate of five hundred round a minute . garth I will take two . what else ? armorer grenade launcher — reich out of the question . garth what else ? armorer I have get knife ... survival ... serrate edge ... stiletto ... garth the stiletto and the survival knife . what else ? armorer I have get some cowboy junk ... combat bow ... garth too bulky . armorer ( continuous ) +.. miniature crossbow . garth let I see it . the armorer remove a metal pen from he shirt pocket , press a button . the shaft elongate to four time its original length , bow arm pop out at one end , a handle at the other . he place it in garth 's hand . armorer carry five shaft inside the tube . no , wait , you twist the eraser ... there . garth twist the eraser and five tiny metal arrow slide into he palm . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 29 . continued : armorer ( cont 'd ) you preload the weapon , collapse it , and keep it in you shirt pocket , or clip it anywhere ... garth mount a metal arrow in the bow ... look up with a admire smile ... and turn and aim so fast it be one clean motion . the arrow shoot out ... and pin the armorer' shirt to the wall . a inch leave , neck , not shirt . garth walk to the armorer , who be shaking with fear , and pull the arrow out with he finger . garth just kid . how do you feel ? do you feel swell ? ( on armorer 's emphatic gesture ) I think you would . automatic defense unit on a display table . it be a coffin-shape box . the armorer activate a control panel that pop up , switch it on . a automated machine gun rise , its microservo ' whirring ' as it revolve leave , then right . the armorer , garth , reich , lapiere observe the weapon . the armorer be still shake from garth 's ' joke . ' armorer this be a fully automated night defense mechanism . turn it on and it will shoot anything move beyond a four foot perimeter . so you can catch some shut - eye . lapiere ( snide grin ) hope you do not toss in you sleep . garth depress the ' off ' button and the machine gun recede inside its box with a SNAP ! ext . / int . flying helicopter - day garth , Reich and lapiere on the passenger bench . Reich hand garth a hand radio . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 30 continued : reich ( above din of helicopter ) take this . Radio signal be jamme inside the mansion , but you can use it once the power 's down ... work you way to the central atrium , then downstairs to the computer , shut off the nuke . then work you way to the roof and call we . we will come in . simple . garth grin cynically at the word ' simple . ' Beyond the chopper window , the Los Angeles basin stretch like a vast archaeological dig , fire rise like pillar to support the smoky sky . ext . vincent mansion mountaintop - day the chopper maneuver carefully to avoid the top of the mansion . the structure be huge , a competitor of the getty itself , three storey high and god know how many storey below ground , its style inspire by Frank Lloyd wright 's hollyhock House . the helicopter land in the field outside the mansion grounds . garth drop out with he equipment . the chopper rise and speed away . follow garth as he trudge to the mansion 's outer wall . they be low , knee -high so as not to block the view of the mansion . garth stand before they for moment with nothing happen . he pick up a stone and toss it over the wall . sentry dog appear from either side of the structure and run full - tilt toward garth . they be mechanize animal that mimic the real thing . garth watch they approach , do not move , weapon still holster or strung . the dog stop at the wall . garth Nice doggy ... I be outside the wall . see ? the dog bark menacingly . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 31 . continued : garth remove one of the Smith & wesson pistol from he belt , hold it casually to he side . the bark increase . garth shoot . round spit out at a rate of five hundred a minute . the first dog implode . the second shoulder to the wall itself , increase its bark . garth ( cont 'd ) can not attack anything outside the perimeter , can you ? ah , the wonderful world of insurance company . garth replace the magazine . aim it at the remain dog . consider . garth ( cont 'd ) ciao , fido . fire . the dog stagger back beneath the concussive force of the stream of bullet , then explode . everything be startlingly quiet . garth replace the magazine , reholster the gun , stare out at the grounds . garth's Pov - the vincent mansion ground invite a stroll ... a picnic ... a afternoon in elysium . resume garth as he think about this . garth leap the fence and enter the grounds . no dog . no response . nothing . somehow , garth be expect more . he shrug , move for the house . halfway across the grounds garth freeze . the house - the shutter slam down one by one — pomb ! pomb ! pomb ! — seemingly appear in place , to cover the window with reinforce steel plate . encrypt by Richard Taylor 32 . resume garth as he realize he progression across the grounds trigger this defense . a instant later two more dog spring from either side of the building and run toward he . garth drop to one knee , pull the pulse rifle off he shoulder , bring it up to fire ... a bullet hit dead CENTER and knock garth off he foot . the body armor flash . a second round hit . a third . the dog have garth brackete , fire from automatic rifle that have rise from slot locate in they back . resume garth as he stand and run for the main entrance , the dog follow . garth slide into a prone position at the main entrance as the round continue to impact . insert - garth's wrist counter show the decline effectiveness of he body armor . 91 ... 84 ... 80 ... 77 ... 69 ... ( ding ! ding ! ding ! ding ! ) resume garth as he bring the pulse rifle up , turn to face the income round , body bouncing with there impact , and fire . the first dog disappear in a flash . garth turn , impact still making he body quake , and fire . the second dog explode with a whelp . garth drop the pulse rifle and stand angrily . garth ( hurt ) damn ! damn it ! body armor hell ! ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 33 . continued : he eject the battery from the armor , slam a fresh battery into the slot . then he drop he pack and shake and twist he limb to relieve the sting . a moment later - garth stand admire the main entrance . it be a two -story bronze double - door , with carve Roman figure present a battle tableau . garth step back onto the lawn , ten pace away , look leave , then right . garth's Pov - the window steel plate have none of the elegance of this door , but be formidable nonetheless . garth pace back to the huge door , remove a explosive charge from one of the pack , adhere it to the lock and step away . a small explosion . the door swing open . int . entrance of vincent mansion - day garth carry he equipment into the room . the door swing shut behind he . garth drop he pack , test the door with a shove . lock . garth think that be too easy . garth turn to survey the room . garth's Pov - the entrance room be a vast hall that recede into the shadow . the light be not on . Doors line the wall to either side , each two -story tall and each a different shade of green or red . a statue of the god Jupiter , four time human size , command the near space . encrypt by Richard Taylor 34 . garth heft he pack and march to Jupiter , drop they at the god 's foot . he turn to the shadow . garth ( call out ) take a potshot at I here , Jupiter be gonna get a hotfoot ! nothing . no response . garth ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) you can come out now , diana . I know you be here . silence . garth shrug , turn to unload he pack . a robot roll past garth , who pivot and pull one of he pistol . the robot be a jumble of appendage tip with various device . it proceed to the door , which open to receive it . a welding device begin to make repair on the main lock . garth watch for a moment ... return the gun to its holster ... remove a tin of food , pull out a wafer and take a bite ... open the notebook computer . the computer screen be card be shuffle . the final card : the welder robot . garth ( scene ) look up from the screen at the still welding robot . garth ( read ) e-sixty -five-thirty ... repairbot ... secondary weapon platform ... no shield , ( more ) ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 35 continued : garth ( cont would ) no body armor ... aggression quotient — zip . the robot finish the repair . the door close . the robot roll past garth again . garth continue to eat the wafer and do not bother to draw a weapon . garth ( cont 'd ) thanks for the prompt service . see you soon . the robot lumber into the shadow down the vast hall . a flashlight beam search the high reach of the ceiling . it find a television camera eye . garth keep the flashlight aim with one hand , bring a s&w pistol up , aim , fire . garth a little to the leave ... ( fire again ) ++. once more , with feel ... the television eye high above shatter with the bullet impact . garth return the pistol to its holster . garth let 's see you repair that . he move down the hall , shine the flashlight high look for more monitoring station . he find one just as the SOUND of a miniature helicopter whisk past overhead . garth pivot and aim the light . a miniature helicopter carry a replacement for the destroy minicam beneath it , move for the destruction site in the corner of the ceiling . encrypt by Richard Taylor 36 . garth scramble back . garth shit . spoke too soon . aiming the light with one hand , the gun with the other , he follow the movement of the helicopter near the ceiling . the helicopter flip on its back , bring the repair module into position for placement . garth 's round begin to impact all around it ... then a direct hit . explosion . ( scene ) garth lower the weapon and the light . he turn , quickly survey the dark ceiling down the hall , then move . garth return to the second camera site ... aim ... fire ... move on . a third site , opposite wall . the same . a fourth site , same wall . he aim both light and weapon . high angle shot - garth far below as four laser beam shoot out from various location and hit he squarely . garth be throw ten foot back and to the ground . steam rise from he body armor . garth 's close eye twitch . slowly he come to . he glance at he body armor wrist read-out . encrypt by Richard Taylor 37 . wrist read -out garth 's body armor wrist read - out : 09 . garth realize that another blow like that will penetrate he body armor and kill he . should he move ? carefully , garth move one arm back several inch , then the other . a leg rise , seek foot . he shove himself a foot farther away from the weapon in the wall and ceiling . again . again . slowly . try not to draw fire . again . garth freeze . diana logan stand in garth 's path look down at he . she be not quite real . she be not quite a ghost , either . she wear a outfit — military tunic and slack — that , while very feminine , be also all business . diana you be a intruder . garth can not quite believe he 's not alone . he raise a leg , move he shoulder , and shove himself another foot away from the weapon ... and into diana , pass through she . he look for she source . garth's Pov - the image projector be a shoebox with wheel , stop nearby . a beam of light shoot out , projecting diana . garth push himself along the floor again . diana 's foot seem to grow out of he stomach . garth go away . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 38 . continued : diana I have call the police and they be en route ... but you have not cause any real damage yet . go now and we will forget this illegal intrusion . garth shove himself along the floor again . he and diana seem to share foot . garth there be no police . diana of course there be police . garth talk to they lately ? this shut she up . garth flip over and begin to crawl . diana you can get up . you be out of range . garth yeah . like I be go to believe you . diana blink out of existence . the shoebox whisk away , engine whining . garth continue to crawl ... rise to he foot ... run . at jupiter - garth leap behind the statue for cover . breathe hard , take stock of himself . replace the body armor battery . ( chink - hum ! ) body armor read -out go from 09 to 100 . garth pull a nightscope from he pack , click it into place on top of the pulse rifle , bring it to eye level , take a look . encrypt by Richard Taylor 39 . garth's Pov - nightscope - the hall be no longer in darkness . it glow orange . the image zoom : closest sensor in the ceiling . diana' voice the police have turn up Vincent drive . there 's still time to get away . ( scene ) - garth look up from the scope . diana stand near he , project by the shoebox . diana I do not want you to get into trouble ... garth swing the rifle around , lazily aim it at the shoebox . diana ( cont 'd ) I know a way you can escape . if you will just trust — garth fire . the shoebox explode , its part spin away . diana disappear . garth bring up the rifle scope . garth's Pov - nightscope - the hall paint orange . the flash of the first round bleed out vision for a second . when it return , garth have move the sight to the next sensor , and fire . garth take out the final three sensor . dig out a pair of nightgoggles . garth hate this goddamn thing . pull they on . stands . encrypt by Richard Taylor 40 garth's Pov - nightgoggles - the hall be bath in a slightly different color . garth move down the hall along one wall , look up , pistol draw . he pass where he be knock unconscious by the laser beam . garth's Pov - nightgoggles - the ceiling laser weapon hang by wiring , destroy . garth pull off the nightgoggles , hang they by the strap to the unused pistol on he belt , wipe sweat away from he brow . he move back toward he camp at Jupiter 's foot . jupiter - garth drop the goggle back into the pack , sit on the pedestal . take a swig of water from he canteen : garth so , Jupiter , you be a god . what be you go to do next ? ( god 's voice ) I be go to disneyland ! garth see the control panel door imbed in the pedestal . garth's finger tap the panel open . a switch . he press it . thirty , EIGHT -year-old kide materialize at Jupiter 's foot , several occupy the same space as garth . garth stand , walk around the 3 - D projection . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 41 . continued : a beam of light from behind Jupiter 's head be the source for the projection , unlike the earlier diana , the playback of a recording . diana greet the child . she wear a tunic similar to the previous one , slack , hair tie back , business yes , but womanly , too . diana hello , boy and girl ... my name be diana Logan . a unseen teacher prompt : teacher's voice kid — you know what to say . the child hello , Ms. Logan ! diana I be the Chief of Security of this wonderful place ... and I be go to be you guide today . can any of you tell I who Mr. Vincent be ? the child me! I !... I know !... I raise my hand first ! diana pick a shy little girl who have raise she hand . garth move through the projection as if they be ghost , or he be . diana do you know ? little girl Theodore Vincent be the richest man in the world . diana yes , some people say that ... it may even be true ... but the Mr. Vincent I know love art more than anything else in the world . he build this residence so that someday it can be convert into a museum . little boy just like the getty ! ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 42 . continued : garth stop finally before diana and study she . this projection be obviously a recording , and unaware of he presence . diana ( laugh ) I be not sure he would appreciate that ... but you be right ... someday this magnificent building will be like the getty , a museum for everyone to visit . today you be very lucky child , because I be go to show you what most kid do not get a chance to see — the Vincent treasure . the child chortle they anticipation . the projection goe dark . leave garth stand in shadow . garth so that 's what you be like ... in life . no one answer . garth shrug off the mood , move . notebook computer screen - the mansion floorplan the door to either side of this hall lead to gallery , and beyond , another hall . garth look up . garth eenie-meenie-minie-moe ... at bronze double door - garth drop he pack and rifle , remove a explosive and place the charge against the door , retreat ten foot . boom ! garth open the door to the new gallery . encrypt by Richard Taylor 43 . the gallery be half as long as the hall . life-size statue line the corridor at ten-feet interval . garth stand at the threshold , pack , rifle , ready . nothing move in the darkness . something in garth 's hand : the remain of the shoebox device . garth toss the twisted metal far into the gallery . middle of gallery - a sealed beam be break by the roll shoebox . diana and her thirty kide materialize in the darkness . diana this gallery be call ' the Greek room ' because the antiquity display here originate in classical time . do anyone know what ' classical 's mean ? child I do ! I do !... no , I ! I ! garth watch the ghost show thirty yard distant . garth ( sotto ) ' classic ' mean 5as rock and 'roll . ( begin sing : ) one-two - three o'clock , four o'clock rock ... five - six - seven o'clock , eight o'clock rock ... ( etc . ) pull the nightgoggles down over he eye . leans in to the farthest line of the threshold , look up . diana' voice -.. yes . ' classical 's mean ' pre- Christian , ' or before the rise of Christianity . encrypt by Richard Taylor 44 . garth's Pov - nightgoggles - the ceiling same tv sensor as before . same laser weaponry . diana' voice in this room , there be statue and other antiquity that be create by the Greek civilization ... garth remove the goggle . bring the rifle with nightscope up . fire . far ceiling - camera and weapon explode in a hail of spark . garth step back quickly as three laser beam strike the inside perimeter of the threshold . diana' voice ... agamemnon , whose wife helen be steal by Paris , son of priam , King of Troy , and so start the trojan War ... this piece be fished out of the Bay of naple in 1887 and be believe to date from the early second century b.c. ... who know what ' b.c. ' mean ? ( etc . ) realizing that the ceiling weapon be not design to fire outside the gallery , garth step forward to the threshold , bring the rifle to he shoulder and fire three repetition . garth ( sotto - as he fire ) b.c ?... before cher ?... before cher there be sonny . intercut - far ceiling - three laser device explode in sequence . encrypt by Richard Taylor 45 garth lower the rifle . diana' voice ... that 's right , ' before Christ . 's garth ( sotto ) no ! wait ! I do not say , ' final answer . ' diana' voice although in recent year some people have begin use the term , ' before common era 's or b.c.e. in deference to other culture or other religious belief . ( etc . ) this leave the two camera / laser rifle locate in the ceiling directly above the threshold . garth dare to lean out , look up . a laser beam strike , barely miss he head as he snap back . garth pull the nightgoggles back over he eye . steeling himself , garth leap into the gallery . gallery - garth leap inside , roll toward the nearest statue as laser beam trace he path . garth pull himself behind the silhouette of the statue as the beam cease . diana' voice .--- believe to be a rendition of Paris , who be so captivate by the beauty of helen that he abscond with she ... garth count silently , then roll out with a pistol and fire into one corner , then the other . the second round miss . laser FIRE strike he body armor . encrypt by Richard Taylor 46 . the wrist read - out drop from 100 to 61 . garth drop to the floor and fire again . the laser goe dark mid - FIRE . diana --. hector , the great hero of Troy , who fight Achilles , whose mother make he almost invulnerable by dip all but he heel in a magical stream ... ( etc . ) garth tear the goggle off , sweat , breathe hard . garth maybe that 's why woman think guy be heel . garth replace he body armor battery with one from the pack . diana --. be helen , as one ancient artist see she ... garth shut up ! goddamn it ! the shout echoe through the marble hall . little girl she 's not very pretty ... little boy and she 's naked ! diana well yes , beauty , it 's say , be in the eye of the beholder ... and in art , the human body be often depict nude ... gulping water from he canteen : garth Christ ... diana .-. have no more question , I will take you to the next gallery , where we will see ... ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 47 . continued : diana and the child disappear just as a repairbot shoot through the image , whisk by to repair the door that garth just blow . garth turn and fire on instinct , send the repair device burning , sparking and spinning out of control . garth with the nightgoggles shove high onto he forehead , walk down the gallery , carry the pulse rifle lazily in one hand . the repairbot lie a jumble of twisted metal and smoking circuit board . helen stare down at he from she pedestal . garth stop to appraise she . garth that kid do not know anything , helen ... you be a hotty . helen 's pose do not change , although the flashlight in garth 's hand shift she shadow as he move forward . garth cross the seal beam that activate the film before . diana and the child appear . diana this gallery be call ' the Greek room ' because the antiquity display here originate in classical time . do anyone know what ' classical 's mean ? child I do ! I do !... no , I ! I ! garth oh , christ , not again ... one 3-d image of diana step through a second 3-d image , follow by a new shoebox projection device . diana the controller be locate in that panel . you can turn the tour off . garth be conflict . could the panel be boobytrap ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 48 . continued : diana ( cont would ) well , I can not operate it . that 's for sure . garth step to the wall , open the panel , press the ' stop ' button . tour diana -.. yes . ' classical 's mean ' pre- Christian , ' or before the rise of — tour diana and thirty child be swallowed whole by darkness . garth pivot and march back to he ' camp . ' diana , and she shoebox , follow . diana who be you ? garth I be alive . you be dead . that 's all either of we need to know . diana I know what I be . garth you be a program , a doppelganger ... you be not real anymore . diana I be a disembody human be . Vincent enterprise develop a way to move my consciousness into this computer ... all of it ... I . garth be you sure ? diana have no answer for this . diana what be you do here ? garth that should be obvious . diana why have not the police come ? why do not they answer ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 49 . continued : garth I tell you — there be no police . diana what 's happen to the world ? garth the same as you ... worse . garth begin to gather up he equipment and supplies . diana if you go any further , you will wish the police come and stop you . garth be that right ? diana this facility be defend by a non - commercial upgrade of a Vincent embassy Protection system — vep . in case you be too ignorant to know what that mean ... fully lethal defense system . killing machine , Mr. ... garth bring the pulse rifle up . the shoebox retreat into the darkness . diana begins to fade , lose resolution , as the device retreat . diana ( cont 'd ) please stop destroy my — garth fire . kabloom ! diana wink out . another angle - garth finish gather he supplies , cart everything down the gallery . as he cross the seal beam mid-gallery : diana please stop destroy my mobile projector . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 50 . continued : where the tour diana once stood , now the current diana be projected . diana ( cont 'd ) they be inoffensive . they carry no weapon . garth look at she for a long moment . garth you have a point . get to it . diana my point be that I do not want you to die . garth you care about what happen to I ? diana of course I do ... garth and you boss , Vincent ... he care when he install all this kill machine to protect he expensive trinket ? diana he never expect to need they ! he install they as a deterrent . garth so he never expect anyone to get kill ? diana of course not . garth or hurt someone , even ? diana no! garth then I should be dodging blank now ... you be Vincent 's Chief of Security even before you die , right ? diana yes . ( continued ) continued : encrypt by Richard Taylor 51 . garth you do not strike I as the kind of person who wind up be Chief of Security . diana it 's a little late in my career to start quibbling over qualification , do not you think ?... but I have a master degree in police science . garth you and Vincent be friend , correct ? diana you be try to insinuate something . garth and you be a good look woman ... or be . diana ( cynical grin ) you bastard ! garth not a new observation ... so you be lover for awhile ... then he reward you . diana I hope you death be quick and painless . diana disappear . garth grin . wham ! the gallery door at the end of the hall slam open and a dozen fly mini - helicopter bank through . garth yank the nightgoggles down , bring the rifle up . garth's Pov - nightgoggles - the flying machine carry fully functional weaponry from they undercarriages . encrypt by Richard Taylor 52 . ( scene ) garth start firing even as he leap toward the statue of helen . pulse beam begin flashing all around he . chopper begin falling , spiraling , exploding as they be hit . garth hug the base of the statue , believe that its presence will protect he . until a pulse beam from a helicopter slice the statue in two . garth be without cover as the statue disintegrate above he . garth 's weapon be on full automatic : boom-boom-boom-boom .. garth's Pov - nightgoggles - the mini - chopper continue to swoop down , fire pulse beam . there be seven leave . garth check he wrist read - out : 04 . garth slam another battery into he body armor . a pulse round slice through he arm before the power jerk on . he grimace in pain . garth 's rifle be empty . the read -out , in red : 0 . garth toss the rifle and pull both s&w autopistol . he swing the fully automatic pistol together , create a minigun , and fire . the remain helicopter explode within the sweep of bullet . silence . garth shake marble dust from he clothing , kick chunks of helen away . part of she face land on he shoulder . on he look : garth must be a fake . encrypt by Richard Taylor 53 . ( scene ) - rifle - garth stagger out from the destroy statue of helen , retrieve the weapon . garth now that be not so bad , be it ? take stock . his leave arm be bleed . clothes rip . hungry . tire . thirsty . lick he dry lip , he turn to retrieve he canteen — when a stream of bullet hit he , slip-slide he body uncontrollably across the floor . the tank be little more than tread with a machine gun mount on it , now wheeling through the far open door . garth slide behind the statue of Achilles . it must be real . the bullet stop . garth pull himself from a stupor , take stock . Arm still bleed . clothes still tear . finger move . foot , too . wrist read -out : 03 . another battery shot . garth reach to pull a fresh battery from he belt , expose a arm where bullet riddle the wall a inch to the right . carefully now , he replace the body armor battery . the movement cause the machine gun to track he . up -down , left-right , servos whining . only the statue keep the unit from fire . diana' shoebox roll up behind the tank , halt as if concerned about be shot by garth , then advance . encrypt by Richard Taylor 54 . diana materialize near garth . diana you be hurt . garth go away . diana you should apply direct pressure to that . garth I say ... go away ! diana I know who you be . garth try to stop the flow of blood by apply direct pressure . he wince . garth ( preoccupy ) you do ? diana you be Major John garth , United States Army ranger . you be bear in pasadena , California , in March — garth so you find my goddamn record ! diana why be a honorable man like you break into a private residence ? garth there be no more honorable human being — just hungry one . diana be that all ? you be hungry ? I can tell you where there 's food . ton of it . garth ton of it ? diana earthquake supplies . wafer ; cake ; mre — meal - ready - to -eat ; bread ; water ; ( more ) ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 55 . continued : diana ( cont would ) coffee — instant ; coffee — drip ; you name it . garth move slowly , watch the weapon track he . garth and you be go to show I how to get at it ... without get my dick shot off . diana say nothing for a long moment . then : diana if you drop you weapon , vep will not take action against you . garth you mean ... if I surrender , I can walk around here without be shot at ? diana no ... you will be take into custody , hold for — garth the police . diana that be the procedure . garth there be no police . diana so you say . garth shift . the machine gun follow he , servos whining . the statue continue to provide cover . garth why do not you just ... turn the machine off ? diana I can not do that . garth be not you the Chief of Security ? be not you the soul of the machine ? why can not you just stop shoot at I ? diana it do not work like that . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 56 . continued : garth you mind control everything , do not it ? diana yes , but ... the defensive equipment be link to my autonomic nervous system . I can no more stop the defensive unit than I can stop breathe . garth you be not breathe . you be a goddamn ghost . diana think about that for a second . yes , that 's exactly what she be . diana my mind work the same way as when ... I be alive . that 's why Mr. Vincent give I this opportunity , to remain ... alive ... inside encrypt . garth where be Vincent , by the way ? diana turn away , consider the question . ( scene ) garth throw the spend battery . the tank gun track the flight of the battery into the darkness . garth leap out from behind the statue and land on the tank . the tank gun barrel try to find garth , who stand above it , beyond its tracking range . garth pull a survival knife , begin to pry open the tank 's metal access plate . the tank 's tread squeal as it accelerate toward the nearest unadorn wall . garth hang on , pry with the knife . the tank slam into the wall , almost throw garth , back up , slam into the wall again . garth cling to the machine gun barrel , yank off the access plate , stab the knife deep into a row of circuit board . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 57 . continued : the tank spit smoke and SPARKS , die . garth remove the ammo feeder , toss it into the darkness . suck for wind , sweat cascade from he skin , garth eye diana warily as she slowly walk to the tank . diana and garth study one another for a long moment before : garth if you can not shut the damn thing off ... maybe you can warn I . diana warn you ? garth you know where everything be , do not you ? you know which machine be operational , which one be in stand - by mode , which one — diana really , this whole question would be a moot point ... if you just surrender . garth so you can hold I for the police ? diana certainly . you have less to fear from they ... ( look back toward the darkness ) -.. than I . garth that might be a long wait . diana so you say . garth you might save my life ... if you brief I on what to expect . diana consider that possibility for a moment . then : ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 58 . continued : diana this be not the pattern of a burglar . a burglar would have take something and go . garth merely look at she image as it move . diana ( cont 'd ) if there really be no police , as you say ... then you have come to cut the power and take everything . that ... ( survey he ) .-. be why I will not help you . garth if I cut the power , what become of you ? diana I will become what you say I already be . garth death as a blackout . I have fear worse thing . diana go now . take whatever you find back there . if you go forward , you will not survive . garth retrieve he rifle , slide a fresh battery into it . it hum . garth yeah , I have hear that before , too . diana consider this exchange a moment , then disappear . diana' shoebox whine away into the darkness , pass through the open double door at the end of the corridor . garth gather up the rest of he equipment , drink from the canteen , limp back to the pack . encrypt by Richard Taylor 59 . aerosol spray skin flow onto garth 's wound , sealing everything . garth toss the can away , rip open a low - tech field bandage , gently place it on the wound in he arm . in a corner of the gallery - garth crumple against the wall . deplete , he must rest . a afterthought , he pull the Automatic Defense unit from the pack , open the panel , flick it on . the gun rise from its coffin-shape container and enter ' ready ' mode , barrel poise to fire at any target that present itself . garth make sure that he 's within the four- foot fire - free zone around the gun , then remove the gunbelt and make himself comfortable . he search the pack for fast energy food . the bite-size snack fall through he finger like coin . garth ( read label ) Chicken gumbo ... ( toss it ) ... Steak tartar with red dye number seven ... ( toss it ) ... allergic to red dye number seven ... brandy mousse ... ( unwrap the plastic ) combat be get elegant . ( chew - react ) think ya get enough sugar in there , butch ? moment later - garth lie sleep , head propped against the wall . the hall of the residence be long and dark . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 60 continued : debris of combat give way to shine floor and pool of purple nebulae . float through the corridor past garth sleep on the floor ... into the gallery of painting ... through open door into the gallery of jewel ... through more door into other realm of historic order ... until a woman wait at the end of the gallery . elaine be beautiful , with long , flow red hair and skin the color of porcelain . her green -green eye glow like emerald , she red lip not taint by makeup but truly red , tooth as perfect as creation before the end of eden . garth stand before she . he be not wear tear combat clothes , but a suit style by future hand . elaine John ... how I have want to hold you again . garth Elaine , let I take you home . elaine ( shaking she head ' no ' ) I have a different home now ... do you know what become of I ? this be a question he would rather not contemplate . garth I searched for you , Elaine , I do ! elaine there be no food , garth . there be nothing . we son be hungry . I keep wait for you to come , but ... you do not . so I go out look for food ... the market be empty . there be man there , garth . they rape I . then they butcher I and take my flesh to they home and feed they family with I . this last thing I do not mind . I save a child 's life . at least , my body do . garth can take this story no more . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 61 . continued : garth Elaine ! God , no ! the pain be more than he can bare . garth drop to he knee , tear and snot and saliva spew from he as he bellow he pain . elaine ( reach to touch , but unable ) do not mourn I , John . what 's do be do . but you be still alive . garth I be not alive , Elaine . none of we be alive anymore ! elaine yes you be . you owe it to that of we who be dead — stay alive , John ! int . gallery garth snap awake beside the wall . nothing have change from when he go to sleep . except a haunt SOUND drift from a far place . garth turn off the Automatic Defense unit , grab he rifle , move for the far double door . gallery of painting - garth stop at the threshold , snap the nightgoggles down , look in . garth's Pov - nightgoggles - the gallery of landsccape no sensor . no weaponry in the ceiling . garth push the goggle up , consider . the haunt SOUND be closer , but still not close . garth leap into a run down the gallery toward the noise . as he pass a close beam mid-gallery , diana and her thirty child appear as 3 - D projection . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 62 . continued : diana this , boy and girl , be the Gallery of landscape ... ( etc . ) the gallery of portrait - garth stop at its threshold , flip the nightgoggles down , look . garth's Pov - nightgoggles - gallery of portrait again no sensor , or weapon . garth advance into the hall . the SOUND be closer now , a haunt , otherworldly wail . gath bring the pulse rifle up , check the charge ( 100 in green ) , advance . the SOUND grow louder , louder yet , increase in volume and emotion , a noise so terrifying that its existence seem impossible . a ghost float through the far doorway and turn , head toward garth . it be the corpse of a man , arm and leg dangle , eye glow red , the wordless wail rise from its throat . garth grin . garth ah , a ghost ... garth bring the pulse rifle up , take he time aim . he fire . the ghost twist in the hold of successive round , writhe and bellow its unearthly , artificial SOUND until its disguise as a ghost lose definition and the machine behind it can be perceive . it begin to falter . encrypt by Richard Taylor 63 . another angle - garth be so preoccupy with the ghost that he do not see the man - size robot roll toward he from behind . the robot grab he with huge pincer -arm , cause garth to drop the pulse rifle . the robot 's momentum carry they past the seal beam which activate yet another diana 3 - D projection . diana okay guy , this be the fun gallery , at least for I ... this be all portrait of real people from history ... ( etc . ) garth writhes in the hand of the robot , its steel finger close on he body armor , which SPARKS with resistance . garth 's single free hand slam against the robot 's metal skin , without effect . garth pull the survival knife , ram it into a crevice in the robot body , jerk it , snap off the tip of the blade . the robot turn with garth 's splay body , move for some dark destination . a last ditch effort , garth slam the break blade into one of the painting as they pass . the blade dig deep into the canvas and be drag a inch before the robot halt . ( scene ) the robot' soulless eye meet garth be in crystal understanding : if the robot continue , garth will destroy the painting . moment pass as garth 's lung suck air and sweat cascade from he brow . the blade move a millimeter in the canvas flesh , a woman 's bosom . the robot 's eye move to the painting , back to garth . one robot hand relax . on garth 's movement , the other . garth slowly pull himself from the robot 's grasp , step down . while the steel hand be empty , gun barrel locate in the robot' chest follow garth 's every movement . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 64 . continued : moment pass . garth reach for the fall rifle . the robot watch . garth 's finger almost make contact with the weapon . will he have to release the knife in order to retrieve the rifle ? garth give up , withdraw he hand ... and extend a leg , make contact with the rifle . the robot whirl and accelerate down the gallery , its track squealing in retreat . garth release the blade and retrieve the rifle , bring it up to shoot . the first round hit the retreate robot as it whisk through the 3-d image of diana and her child like a aircraft through cloud . garth fire again and again and again ... pulse bolt strike the robot repeatedly . it explode in fire and wander off track , finally stop altogether . a unearthly SOUND make garth spin around . more ghost float across the threshold of the far gallery , each different in its horrific representation — a child , a crone , a woman , aman ... ( scene ) garth begin fire immediately . so do the ghost — pulse bolt that strike garth's armor and flash . the first ghost be destroyed , the child . the second , the crone . the third , close with garth , die in a explosion of metallic flesh . but by the time he turn the pulse rifle on the fourth , the woman , the rifle be deplete . garth retreat . encrypt by Richard Taylor 65 ( scene ) follow garth and the ghost as they move through the Gallery of landscape to the Gallery of Roman statues , garth mere feet ahead of the scream banshee , sometime dodging , and sometime not dodging the pulse bolt the machine spit at he . ( scene ) gallery of statue - garth dive for he wait s&w pistol as the ghost continue to FIRE pulse round at he . garth bring the pistol up and start firing . the ghost absorb the round against its metal skin , its ' ghost ' persona fade to reveal the stainless steel monster beneath . both weapon be emptied of bullet . the ghost float menacingly before garth for second , then drop like scrap to the floor . garth sag to he knee , finally begin reloading the weapon . elaine's voice no , do not , silly ! no ... no ! 3-d elaine , wear jean cutoff and a pull - over , struggle with a unseen person where diana' 3-d projection toured with child minute ago . this be not the idealize Elaine of garth 's dream , but the real woman , capable of soil , sweat , anger and tear . elaine ( laugh ) do not you dare !... you would not dare !... do not you do it ! garth be too surprised to realize that this be a 3-d projection . he twist , move toward she . garth elly ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 66 . continued : a garden hose appear in the film projection ... then a young garth himself , who spray Elaine . they be both laugh . elaine damn you , John garth ! a little boy run up with a bucket of water and splashes he mother with it . elaine ( cont 'd ) oh no ! you ! I be go to get you ! Elaine chase she son farther into the backyard . diana' shoebox and diana emerge through the 3-d projection of Elaine and she family . diana the National Security computer in Arlington , Virginia , be still up ... Mr. Vincent have a key ... the satellite communication system be still work . garth care about none of this . see Elaine again be far more important than anything diana could say . diana ( cont 'd ) during you last security clearance review ... they place you under surveillance ... shot some film of you family . the 3 - D film of garth 's backyard be replaced by a tree - line walk . the boy run ahead as Elaine and garth stroll , hand - in - hand . diana ( cont 'd ) you two look ... wonderful ... together . younger garth and Elaine stop walk and steal a kiss . diana ( cont 'd ) what happen ? the image of Elaine and he son draw garth 's flesh forward , where he topple to he knee beside they . tear well in he eye . finally : ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 67 . continued : garth when the breakdown occur ... we be visit Elaine 's mother in Santa monica . my father be die of cancer . he live in burbank . I go to get he . there be riot , people kill each other , fire ... I be go day . when I finally get back ... there be no one there . diana you do not know what happen to you wife and child ? garth no . the 3-d film end . garth ( cont 'd ) be that all there be ? diana yes. garth play it again !... play it again ! diana no ... unless you stop what you be do and — wham ! garth fire at diana' shoebox send the device fly in part . diana dematerialize . garth bitch ! garth sit on he knee for moment , sweat and tear commingle , breathe hard , try to fathom what have become of everything and everyone he love . diana reappear , project by the tour lense that previously show Elaine and garth 's son . garth ( cont 'd ) now you know . diana I be able to link with the national weather satellite through the Arlington computer ... yes , now I know . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 68 . continued : garth lower you security system . let Reich steal all you trinket . I will take the food , for the people ... then you can go back to what you — diana no . garth why not ? diana because I can not . I tell you . the security device be control through my autonomic nervous system . they be as automatic as breathe . garth then show I how to defeat they . diana no . garth why not ? diana because I be not here to be you doormat . garth that earthquake food ... it could feed a lot of people , save a lot of life . diana so you say ... garth so I say ? so I say ?! people be eat each other out there ! diana be stunne by this revelation , make mute by it . garth ( cont 'd ) when be the last time you be hungry ? diana can not answer that . so long ago , it seem forever ... garth ( cont 'd ) I be go to take this place , like any military objective — one obstacle at a time ... then I be go to bring my people up here and we be go to live off that ( more ) ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 69 . continued : garth ( cont 'd ) earthquake supplies until ... ( dream of it , think of it ) ++. until ... diana until what ? garth until I can think of something ! we be not go to die , not all of we ! we be not go to die ! but he be speak to darkness . diana have gone . ( scene ) garth's equipment lie in pile . he move to retrieve it . slam a new battery into the pulse rifle . returns the pistol belt to he waist ; slide the pistol into holster . shove the Automatic Defense system into the pack . heft everything , move for the door . gallery of landsccape - garth trudge through , make a immediate right . diana appear behind he . diana John garth ... why be you go that way ? garth because all of the door be unlock ... ( gesture toward diana ) -.. that way . far gallery double door - garth drop he pack , remove a explosive , place it at lock - level , stand back . the explosion trip the lock . the door swing open . garth pull the nightgoggles down , step to the threshold . encrypt by Richard Taylor 70 garth's Pov - nightgoggles - the gallery of light carving be unlike the other gallery . the statue glow . they be lifelike , carve by laser light , a intermingling of photography and sculpting , here magnify a thousand time by the goggle 's infrared . garth quickly shove the nightgoggles from he eye and rub they . diana materialize before he , project by a new shoebox . diana this be the Gallery of laser carving . everything in here be very fragile . if a bullet be to hit a carve and cause a short ... garth I sometimes feel the same way when a bullet whizze past my head . garth push through she into the gallery . gallery of light carving - garth quickly check the ceiling for sensor or laser rifle . none . garth grab he equipment , begin move forward . the statue be 3 - D projection of light carve by a artist to represent life and project up from a base . think kodachrome . some of the statue be modern and geometric . other be almost indistinguishable from life — a fawn , a waterfall , a soldier in combat , lover hold hand , other . a statue of a nude woman catch garth 's attention . he move for the exhibit . the statue be twice life size . she be gather flower to she breast , a garland of flower in she hair . her expression be one of rapt beauty , a representation of a woman at peace in a peaceful world . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 71 . continued : it be diana . diana and garth look up at the light carve . diana ( unconvincing ) I be not ashamed of it . garth drop he pack , circle the statue , say nothing . diana ( cont 'd ) I be a graduate student at ucla ... Mr. Vincent be one of the pioneer of laser carve . garth you can stop call he ' Mr. ' now . diana ( a outburst ) I will call he any damn thing I want !... ( control herself ) ... he pursue I to model for he . finally , I relent . garth be he that good ... or be you that good ? diana look away angrily . then : diana Mr. Vincent 's interest in I ... exceed the professional . he be in love with I . I never return the affection . garth you be lie . diana what ? garth he buy you . he buy you with a job and he buy you with a laser statue . you want I to believe he do not buy the rest of you too ? diana you son of a bitch ! ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 72 . continued : garth Vincent 's not the kind of guy who do not get what he want ... unless ... diana unless what ? garth consider not go on . but : garth when you be diagnose as terminal , do you get a second opinion ? diana of course I get a second opinion ! garth not one of Vincent 's doctor ? diana no ! what be you imply ? garth he win you after all , do not he ? I mean , he get to keep you , young and beautiful , in he one - of - a-kind supercomputer ... never to grow old ... never to die ... immortal and he , forever ... diana charge garth . just as her 3-d hand would make contact with he face , she disappear . the next gallery door be also lock . garth place the explosive , step aside , and the lock explode . garth flip the nightgoggles down , glance in . garth's Pov - nightgoggles - the hallway be unadorn and relatively narrow , a real passageway . no sensor in the ceiling , no weapon that can be see . garth heft he equipment and enter the hallway . encrypt by Richard Taylor 73 . a flashlight beam slice the darkness . more door , more hallway . the flashlight swing in the opposite direction reveal shine metal door : a elevator . garth move down the hall toward the elevator , flashlight beam lead the way . he drop the pack , survey the elevator control . the elevator control require both a key and a key card . garth drop the pack , remove the computer , run a line from a rear port to a card , insert it into the card slot adjacent to the elevator . the computer begin run number through the card key . garth find a small case in the pack , open it : burglary tool . garth begin to pick the standard lock . diana appear beside garth diana so you be a common burglar after all ? garth ( work ) uncommon . for the CIA . diana Fair play 's poster child . garth I would argue the point ... but it do not really matter anymore , now do it ? diana allow the vitriol to recede . then : ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 74 . continued : diana John , I do not want you to do this . garth John , be it ? I have not realize we would become so chummy . diana ( wryly ) well , you have see I naked . I think that would count for something . garth get on with it . diana if you go downstairs ... I can not protect you . garth turn , give she he full attention . garth protect I ?! diana you do not really think you have defeat all of we security system by yourself , do you ? what if I have send they all at once ? garth bullshit . diana no . it 's not ... John , listen to I — downstairs be different . Mr. Vincent 's residence be there , the computer room , the weapon storage bay ... there 's a stand - alone system down there , fully automated , a terrible kill machine that — garth ( return to work ) bullshit . diana it 's call the Rook . it be design to replace soldier on the battlefield . it 's dormant now , in a state of suspension , but as soon as you heat signature be read on the bottom floor , the Rook will activate and it will kill you . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 75 continued : garth search she eye for any sign of deception , then realize that he be look at a machine projection . he shrug and return to jimmying the lock . the elevator door slide open . garth step back . after a moment : garth you be lie ... first , you defense mechanism be design to deal with terrorist — plural — more than one . they be set to activate individually , as need . that 's why you do not send they all at once ... second , you would say anything — do anything — to keep I from go down there . be I right ? garth gather he equipment , turn away from the elevator . diana where be you go ? garth that elevator open too easily ... and you control it . the hidden door be a panel in the wall . garth find it , press it . it open . a stairwell lead down . garth flip the nightgoggles down , take a look : the stairwell hide no weapon . garth heft he equipment , enter . stairwell - garth descend the step quickly , flashlight beam lead the way . at the landing , garth try the door . lock . he will have to blow it . encrypt by Richard Taylor 76 . the lock ignite and the door swing ajar . garth swing the door open with the barrel of he pulse rifle , revealing : the vincent residence be a cavernous room , a vast " pleasure dome " to compare with kublai khan's . laser statuary , nude mostly , illuminate the shadow , a glow Christmas tree effect . fountain and pond divide the real estate , a waterfall across the room define it . there be park bench , grassy knoll , tree hang low with weight bough , jutting boulder , and room enough to live forever unencumber by petty problem . diana' shoebox roll to the open door . diana 's image project out . garth remain across the threshold . diana do not do this . the moment you enter , the Rook will be activate . garth snort with disbelief and enter . Dazzling light flash on the moment he cross the threshold . the vincent armory - a rook , a humanoid creature with steel skin lie immerse in a wall tableau , art and war meeting in bas relief . its eye open , red pupil scan . the vincent residence - garth drop he pack , lower the rifle to the floor , dazzle by the room . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 77 . continued : garth Vincent certainly know how to live , do not he ? diana say nothing , but she image follow he . garth ( cont 'd ) where would he sleep ? diana gesture : over there . the vincent bedroom be not delineate by wall . a huge bed seem to grow out of a giant oak , its mattress almost like a meadow of green . overhead , man-made star twinkle even in room light . garth wander up a lane toward it , eye take in everything . the vincent armory - the rook move minutely as below it a computer screen flash : rook initiating protocol - intruder alert . the vincent bedroom - garth touch the oak bed . it feel like real wood , with no rough edge . diana 's shoebox projector follow , as do she . garth when you have this kind of money ... this kind of power ... I guess you can have anything you want . diana Mr. Vincent be know for he imagination . a quarter-sized statue of a nude man and woman in embrace stand near the bed . garth touch it and the two come to life and begin to make love . garth you do not pose for this one too ? coital cry erupt from they . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 78 . continued : diana ( uncomfortable ) touch it again . please . take a close look at the woman 's body . garth she look a little like you ... here and there . diana ( exasperate ) touch it again ! please ! garth touch the light statue and it return to its point and freeze . garth ( gesture other statuary ) who be all this people ? diana Mr. Vincent have many lover . garth the man in the sculpture ... that be Vincent ? diana no ... maybe ... I do not know ! please leave here ! now ! I '1l do what I can to stop anything from happen to you , but you have get to get out of here now . garth for a woman who 's spend the last twenty year inhabit this place , you do not seem to know a lot about it . diana I do not spend that much time in the residence . garth why not ? diana ( turn away ) privacy . a matter of privacy . garth your ... or Vincent 's ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 79 . continued : diana both ! you have get to go ! garth merely look at she . diana disappear . the vincent armory - diana materialize beside the Rook . mist flow from around the creature , which be in cryogenic stasis . its body temperature be rise . diana encrypt , this be diana one Seven one six theta theta six . Rook activation override . cease activation immediately . encrypt voice you be not authorize ... diana emergency override ! cancel activation now ! encrypt voice you be not authorize . diana damn it ! vincent's residence - garth have recline on a knoll , drink and eat . diana materialize beside he . diana the Rook be activate ! it 's come ! garth observe she coolly for a moment . then : garth if you be so concerned about my welfare , then tell I how to protect myself against this machine . diana I can not ! I can just warn you to go ! ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 80 continued : garth why should you care so much about I ? diana you be a human be , be not you ? you be alive . you can not appreciate life until you have lose it . the admission impact garth . he sit up . garth if you can not tell I how to defeat this thing , then tell I about it . diana the Rook be a fully autonomous combat operative . its body armor be five time more effective than the obsolete armor you wear . this model have be program to kill with its hand , to protect property . it will tear you head from you body . garth what be its weakness ? diana it have no weakness ! a boom sound distantly . a hallway - the rook slam through a set of door move fast . residence - garth stand , retrieve he rifle , the pack . hallway - the rook be run now , inexorable , unstoppable . ( scene ) residence & stairwell - garth move quickly to within ten foot of the entrance to the stairwell . the shoebox and diana follow . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 81 . continued : garth retrieve several brick of C - 4 from the pack , toss the pack through the door , begin knead the plastique together . diana run now ! do it ! leave ! garth finish knead the C - 4 into a glob the size of a baseball , tuck it away in a pocket , bring the rifle up . a boom sound , closer . the Rook enter the residence at full run , already target against garth . garth bring the rifle within he sight and begins firing at full automatic . boom-boom-boom-boom ! the pulse bolt strike the rook without effect . the Rook leap obstacle and continue forward with inexorable power . garth 's pulse rifle empty . the Rook hit garth at full tilt , slap the rifle away , shove he back , finger reach for garth 's throat . garth resist the creature 's hand . his body armor SPARKS as it cycle toward depletion . momentum carry garth through the doorway and into the stairwell . the Rook push garth into the wall , finger encircle he neck , armor sparking . garth struggle to bring he hand contain the C - 4 up . the plastique fall . the compressive force of the Rook 's hand begin to strangle garth through the armor . garth struggle , reach for the C - 4 on the ground . it 's inch away . the Rook 's red eye bore into garth , programe hatred . garth begin to gag . the shoebox scoot into the stairwell . diana project . she see garth 's finger reach for the plastique . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 82 . continued : diana 's eye lock with garth 's . a empathy pass between they impossible for the Rook to understand . the shoebox accelerate into the C - 4 , send it roll into garth 's hand . garth slap the C - 4 onto the Rook 's back . his other hand reach for a battery in he beltpack . garth 's body armor wrist read -out : 33 ... 26 ... 19 ... 15 ... will ... garth 's finger pull a battery from the beltpack . the Rook 's red eye bore in . garth slap the battery into the C - 4 . a light wrenching explosion . stairwell - diana seem to kneel beside garth . garth pull himself up to he elbow , check he body armor . insert - body armor wrist read - out : 00. garth retrieve a battery from he belt , renew the body armor — hummm — try to stand , slip , finally reach he foot . garth where be it ? diana gesture toward the end of the stairwell . garth stagger several step in that direction , stop . ( scene ) the rook push debris from he body and sit up . garth draw the two Smith and wesson . by the time he's firing the Rook be move on he . garth retreat up the step . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 83 . continued : its body armor blow , the Rook 's chest receive the bullet round like dart through playdough . garth empties the pistol , have no time to reload . the Rook grab garth 's ankle and crawl up he fall body . garth plunge he damage survival knife deep into the Rook 's bullet - pock chest . no effect . the Rook 's hand close around garth 's neck . garth slam the knife repeatedly into the machine 's body . nothing . beneath the Rook 's flesh bio-mechanical device ooze and revolve , lever push limb . garth 's finger reach for the railing , something to push against , to rise . no. the Rook 's finger close about garth 's neck . garth have lose control of the knife , which stick from the Rook 's chest , its metal blade foster spark inside the machine . garth grab the knife handle , pull , lose it , pull again , again , finally dislodge the knife . the Rook squeeze garth 's neck , twist , try to wrench he head from he body . garth gag . garth 's body armor wrist gauge read 23 ... 17 ... 14 ... 09 ... garth raise the knife and plunge it deep into the Rook 's head . the Rook 's eye go wide , then fail . the Rook fall from garth 's body , tumble down the step , burst into flame . garth gasp for air , suck oxygen into he lung like water through a bust dam . after several long moment he stagger to he foot and descend the stair , step carefully around the Rook 's burn torso . diana wait at the foot of the step . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 84 . continued : garth be there any more where he come from ? diana look at the carnage a moment before : diana none that be on line . garth then I have defeat every security device ? diana in the residence , there be only this one ... garth step past she . ext . night - a battlefield - men and women be advance from debris hole to debris hole , weapon readied , some firing , as explosion pound the earth around they . at the rampart - the police among other be return fire . clearly , they be outgun . ext . night - a promontory - reich helicopter sit tie down against the wind . a man make he way to the chopper , pull the door open : lapiere . inside the chopper - reich look up . the cockpit be fill with a operatic aria . turn it down : reich what be it ? lapiere dodge report the conlan woman be move against he . he think its the main force . he do not think he can hold ... they could be here in two hour . reich you tell dodge he have to hold ! get every hand to stand by . we will wait for garth to ( more ) ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 85 . continued : reich ( cont would ) radio in , but one way or the other , we be take casa Vincent tonight ! int . night - the residence - vincent's bed provide a landing spot for garth 's body . his equipment lie nearby . diana 's image seem to sit down beside he . after a moment of recovery : garth you be on my side now , be that the idea ? diana be that all you have come to do , steal ? garth consider the question a moment . garth Vincent be supposedly on the verge of a discovery that would return the earth to its original weather pattern . do you know anything about that ? no . garth ( cont 'd ) that secret be suppose to be contain in Vincent 's computer ... in you . diana I be not the computer . I just live in it ... but no , I be not aware of anything like that . garth can you access the computer ? diana there be thing Mr. Vincent do not want I to know ... business secret , accounting spreadsheet , he personal correspondence . other thing . garth look . diana 's eye shut . when they open : ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 86 . continued : diana nothing about any research on weather . there be vast amount of file that be encrypt . garth can you decrypt they ? diana would rather not answer the question . she 's obfuscate : diana no ... I can not . garth maybe I can ... diana no . you would not stand a chance . let I take you to the earthquake supplies . there must be a ton of food . it 's locate in the subbasement . garth realize that she 's hold back . he stand , gather he equipment . diana ( cont 'd ) it 's this way ... but garth stride out in the opposite direction , deeper into the residence . walk with garth as diana come up to parallel he . diana you be go the wrong way . garth slam through the door lead to a corridor . on the leave , the armory , behind lock door . in the armory cool as a mausoleum in the shadowy dark , where there be row upon row of weapon system , dormant but operable . encrypt by Richard Taylor 87 . hallway - garth press on . diana you must not go in there . garth ignore she . diana ( cont 'd ) if you go in there you will set off the final defensive system ! listen to I ! the double door be massive . a sign read : encrypt . garth drop he pack , remove the notebook computer , begin pick the lock . minute later - the door swing open . diana stand in garth 's way . diana please ... I be begging you , do not ... garth push through she . the computer room be vast a machine of a million part , pulsing , alive , a sentient think machine . at its center be a couch preform to accommodate the human body . in it , the corpse of a man . angle - diana stand by the corpse . garth approach , stunne . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 88 . continued : garth Vincent ? yes . garth ( cont 'd ) tell I what happen . tear well in she eye . she fight they . diana I ... murder he . garth why ? diana look away . moment fall like break glass to the floor . garth ( cont 'd ) ( a shout ) why ? diana over the month that he be a recluse here , he ... change . I know why now . he never tell I about the collapse ... out there . he never say , " diana , the world be end . " I think Mr. Vincent have accept the fact that I be not attract to he ... flashback : vincent's lab - vincent sit work at a computer station , finger rippling across the keyboard . he stop . diana project nearby . diana Mr. Vincent , you ask for I ? Vincent turn to look at she appraisingly , foot to head . vincent there 's just the two of we now , diana ... diana Sir ? thought cascade through he mind and out onto he expression . finally : ( continued ) encrypt by Richard continued : vincent what be you wear ? diana look down at herself . tunic . slack . diana Business clothes . as usual . vincent take they off . stun , for some moment diana can say nothing . diana Mr. Vincent , this be not part of we agreement . Vincent 's finger return to the keyboard . diana' clothes disappear . resume diana in present as she recount the story to garth . diana I be a disembody human be ... Vincent could recreate I any way he want inside the computer ... make I do thing ... make I feel thing ... even so , it be not enough . flashback : the vincent lab - vincent type data into encrypt . diana' narration Vincent intend to transfer he consciousness into the computer , to bring we together . diana plead with Vincent . diana do not do this ! you will die ! vincent ( cynically ) sweet diana — always the humanitarian ! what you do not know — I be dead already ! but in there ... ( more ) Taylor 89 . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 90 continued : vincent ( cont would ) ( gesture encrypt ) ++. I will be immortal and I '1l have you forever ! diana' narration I know by this time what he mean by ' have ' I . he would rape and debase I for all eternity . finish the preparation , Vincent lie down on the recliner , pull the pincer node down so they touch he brow . diana' narration ( cont 'd ) Vincent allow I full control of the operational function of encrypt ... so I overload the system . I murder he ... the encrypt machine goe wild , SPARKS flitting . Vincent fries . resume present - diana continue to remember the night she kill Vincent . garth you do not murder he ... you protect yourself . justifiable homicide . diana listen . she 's not so sure . diana I will help you get what you want , just ... you have to promise I something . garth what ? diana when you be do ... you will kill I . ( on garth 's search look : ) I have be alone for twenty year . I can not stand to be alone any longer , so kill I . garth that be the plan from the beginning ... show I how to access Vincent 's file . garth open vincent's dead hand to reveal a detailed tattoo . diana watch from five pace away . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 91 . continued : diana put it palm down on the scanner . the system require both the image and a DNA match . his DNA may be dusty , but it 's there . garth must twist Vincent 's body out of the couch for the hand to reach the nearby scanner . a band of light read the draw . a 3-d projection of a computer screen fill the room . file name scroll down . garth approach the screen . bar of light like venetian blind cross he feature . garth do any of this name mean anything to you ? diana do a ' search . ' this be Vincent 's file . I can not do it for you . garth face the keyboard , type in search : garth search for what ? diana try ' weather . ' garth type in weather . vincent armory - two vat of inert liquid , one green , one yellow , rest above a empty container . the liquid suddenly empty into the container , mixing . Three laser beam jet out to warm the liquid . the liquid begin to move . resume computer room - garth watch new file list on the screen . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 92 . continued : garth here we go . diana look over he shoulder . diana wait . what 's that ? she point . the scrolling word - a name among many other : praetor garth and diana garth what 's praetor ? diana not what — who . my doctor . bring up the file . garth type in praetor and press return . a recorded image fill the screen : ext . day - a sidewalk cafe - vincent & praetor sit at a table . dr . praetor be a man whose persona sing confidence and believability . Vincent look 20 year young than he do in diana 's last recount . praetor let 's get right down to it — I will not do this . vincent do what ? praetor you damn well know what I mean . diana Logan . this be tantamount to murder . it 's unethical and I will not be a part of it . Vincent 's gaze drift about , look for a camera ... until he look directly at you . Vincent smile . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 93. continued : vincent I be aware that you be recording this . praetor I will not do it ! vincent you will bring I the disc . praetor there 's nothing wrong with she ! vincent you will bring I the disc ... or you will pay the price ! praetor she 's not sick ! she 's not go to die ! vincent bring it to I ! the recording end . garth watch as diana stagger back . diana there be nothing wrong with I ... diana look over at Vincent 's mummify cadaver , hand reach out as if beckone for she . diana ( cont 'd ) you be right ... you be right ! garth diana ... diana he murder I ... I be a young woman . I want child . I want a life ... garth you take you revenge on he . diana no ... no ! he deserve what I do to he . I do not deserve this ! the hollow SOUND of the computer lab echoe she word . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 94 . continued : diana disappear . vincent armory - a creature be form in the vat . amoeba-like . constantly change . a tentacle become a arm ... become a hand reach for the lid ... push it away ... it clatter to the floor ... the beast rise . computer room - garth stand alone in the cavernous room . diana be go . shaken , he gradually turn to the computer . garth review more file . one catch he attention : congress . garth activate it . the projection of vincent that garth stare up at be twice life-size . Vincent 's luxurious office can be see behind he . vincent's image lady and gentleman of Congress ... the plan you be about to review , if implement , will return the earth 's weather pattern to what it be forty year ago ... Vincent industry have invest countless hour ... ( share amusement ) — and my substantial fortune — in develop a new kind of flora , a plant with a unusual by-product ... vincent armory - the amoebic creature overflow the vat and land with a splat onto the floor . it begin to undulate . the computer room - garth continue to observe the Vincent presentation . ( continued ) continued : encrypt by Richard Taylor 95 vincent's image +-. a hydroflourocarbon - eat micro - organism transmit by the wind and capable of return the ozone layer to its previous state within a decade . once the ozone layer be re-established ... vincent armory - the beast pause at a door , its pulsate globular flesh hesitant ... before it rise and reshape itself into a imperfect mimic of a human be . the computer room - garth watch Vincent . vincent's image ++. global warming will be reduce , and gradually the storm which have plague we planet will decline in potency ... ( etc . ) diana appear beside garth . diana John , something 's come . garth what ? what something ? diana I do not know . I have never see it before . vincent's image the glaciation which have increase in recent year in the far northern and southern hemisphere due to the increase cloud cover will ... garth what do you mean you have never see it before ? diana have no answer . garth ( cont 'd ) where ? diana in the armory . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 96 . continued : vincent's image ++. gradually recede . now there be a price to be pay for this miracle . the Vincent plant will affect agriculture . the plant be aggressive and can not discern between wild and cultivate land ... garth what do it look like ? diana like a man ... then not . garth let I see it . diana send the video feed to a monitor . monitor - the amoebic creature stand like a man before the door , barely see in the shadow . resume computer room - garth & diana stare at the screen . garth it 's a man . suddenly the creature transmorphs into something ghastly and inhuman , and reform as a man . garth ( cont 'd ) Vincent have another weapon system , one you do not know about . diana well , fuck he ! the galleries - portal open and disgorge fly miniature helicopter , ghost , tank and robot which move quickly in a single direction . encrypt by Richard Taylor 97 . follow the chopper as they careen through the gallery ... down the corridor toward the elevator ... bank leave down the stairwell ... and into the residence . ghost , tank and robot follow . vincent armory - the amoebic creature fling a globular portion of itself at the door . the door begins to change , rippling and undulating ... then open itself before collapse . the globular residue return to mother . the computer room - garth retrieve he rifle and equipment as Vincent 's project image continue its presentation . vincent's image --. lack of concentrate crop mean a decline in yield of over fifty percent last for more than two decade . however , this change be temporary . the new plant have be bio-engineered to self - destruct after thirty generation ... garth see that diana be stand absolutely still , she eye stare far off , elsewhere , direct the battle in the armory . vincent armory - the amoebic creature turn as dozen of miniature helicopter veer into the room and head for it . the creature dissolves to the floor and separate into dozen of smaller globule , which dash for every corner of the room . the computer room - garth reach out to almost touch diana . garth diana ? ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 98 . continued : nothing . the vincent armory - the chopper fire at the small globular creature , which respond by fling portion of themselves back . a chopper be slime by the ameobic creature . the chopper begin to alter immediately . its blade warp and slow , its metal sag , and it drop from the sky . the battle the chopper FIRE . pulse beam criss - cross the room . the amoebas fling back . ghost join the melee . robot and tank wheel into the room . computer room - diana stand in a trance , concentrate every resource at commanding the battle . vincent's image +». small price to pay for a return to a normal Earth in less than fifty year — one trillion dollar ... in gold ... in advance . vincent armory - the battle continue to rage . chopper careen and crash . ghost hover and exchange FIRE with the globule . robot roll over the SMALL mass of goo and be transformed by they . laser beam criss - cross the room . moment later the final chopper crash . the final ghost fall from the air . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 99 . continued : silence . a amoeba join another . then another . then another . the CENTER of the room where the beast rejoin and rise into a mockery of a human be , imperfect as frankenstein 's monster , ghastly . computer room - diana be eye focus on the here and now . diana I fail . vincent's image now I know that Congress be busy currently ... city be burn ... there 's rioting in the street ... but I must demand a immediate response . garth I watch on the monitor . diana it 's come , John . vincent's image I be prepare on notice of you commitment to release a billion bio - engineered seed into the next pass storm ... garth turn back to the computer station . garth do he release the seed ? diana I be lock out . release he data to I . here , input this command . large symbol appear in front of Vincent 's project face . garth input the code . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 100 . continued : vincent's image I await you confirmation ... file name reel up past Vincent . the file begin to OPEN , be discarde , be replaced by other , computer fast . document , film , blueprint . diana the seed pod be locate on the roof ... they have not be activate . garth the federal government collapse before it could respond ... why do not he release they ? diana do not say . garth ( cont 'd ) ( a shout ) why ? diana because the bastard be not pay ! garth he allow the world to be destroy ... because he be not pay ? diana 's expression almost ask : he allow I to die , do not he ? diana yes ! garth maybe there 's something wrong with the seed . check he data . diana John , the creature be approach ... garth I don't care !... check the file . diana 's eye close . the hum of the great computer 's synaptic circuit fill the room . on the projected screen , file name stream down at a unreadable rate . graph , blueprint , representation of the new plant 's DNA flicker into and out of existence . then : ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 101 . continued : diana accord to the research , the new bio - engineered plant should work as advertise . garth release the seed ! now ! diana John , the creature be just outside that door . garth rush the command console . garth I will do it ! show I how ! diana pull she gaze away from the door just as its color begin to change . diana I can not . it 's a temporary device . Vincent do not integrate it with the rest of the system . you will have to set it off manually , from the roof . the door change color , ripple , open as it sag . the amoebic globule that deteriorate the door reunite with the creature . computer room ( scene ) - garth and diana react as the creature slither / walk into the room . the creature struggle to hold its human form , twist , undulate until ... vincent's evil grin appear on its face . startle , diana almost scream . garth switch he rifle to full auto and spray the amoeba , cause it to splatter against the far wall . garth it be Vincent ! but diana see this awful creature for what it be . diana no ... Vincent must have use a subset of he own DNA to create it . nothing that ( more ) ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 102 . continued : diana ( cont would ) small could carry the entire consciousness of a human be . the amoeba begin to reform , the splatter matter ooze across the dark floor and down the distant wall to reassemble . garth diana — stair to the roof ? diana Far end of the room . go ! garth grab he equipment , turn to leave : garth shut off the surface to air missile battery on the roof . diana why ? garth just do it ! diana gesture assent . they share a brief moment eye- to -eye , then garth turn and rush for the far reach of the huge room . diana turn to face the reforming creature . she disappear and the shoebox rush for the amorphous biomass slithering toward she . the shoebox slug into the mass and be swallow whole . garth slide to a stop beside the door , twist its knob , find it lock and jam he survival knife deep into the wood of the jamb . it splinter . garth rise and slam through the door . stairwell - garth reel through the door and up the stair . there be a another door at the next landing block he path . encrypt by Richard Taylor 103 . computer room - the amoebic creature undulate toward the open door to the stair , move with incredible speed . stairwell door - garth stab he survival knife into the door , smash the wood . stairwell lower landing - ( scene ) - the creature ooze through the door ... then spurt a portion of itself up the well . where garth have just slam the door behind he . the ooze land on the door and begin to commingle with it . stairwell - garth wedge the survival blade into the jamb , secure the door . garth quickly ascend the step to the next landing . below , the door garth secure begins to waffle , its constituent weaken by contact with the creature . it sag open and the creature enter . at the next landing - garth blow the doorknob off the door just as a smatter of goo throw from below splatter onto he body armor with a hiss . garth ignore the goo and leap through the door to the final landing below the roof . below - the mother goo begin to " slinky " up the step toward the gape door . the next landing - garth stagger to a stop as the goo slide up over he eye . encrypt by Richard Taylor 104 . close - garth's eye reveal that the sparkling body armor be keeping the goo inches away from really contact he . resume garth as he stab he finger through the goo , try to remove it from block he sight . he reach for a battery from he pack , find the last one , pull it , spit on its contact and then ram it into the goo . the goo shriek and leap away . garth pull the hand radio from he pack . garth ( radio ) Reich , come in . ext . the chopper landing site - night Reich return to the chopper to take the mike . reich ( radio ) garth , go ahead . intercut with : ext . the vincent roof - night garth leap through the door onto the roof . the STORM be almost unbearable . above the noise of the wind : garth ( radio ) Reich , bring you people in ! Reich throw lapiere a ' I tell you so ' look . reich okay ! let 's go ! you hear the man . encrypt by Richard Taylor 105 . garth survey the roof look for the seed device . garth's Pov - the seeding device be globe twenty foot across locate at each corner of the roof . garth move for the close globe as , in the distance , Reich 's chopper begin to wing in . garth open the control panel . insert - control panel where a remote activation device be imbed beside the programe key . garth take the remote controller out , snap it onto he belt , then study the seed device control as Reich 's chopper land near the center of the roof . Reich , lapiere and six man with weapon exit the chopper . reich you do it ! garth the last defensive device be come up that stair right now . send you people to take care of it . reich ( gesture to lapiere ) go! lapiere and the six man move for the stairwell . encrypt by Richard Taylor 106 . lapiere & the soldier slam open the stairwell door and fire on full automatic into the pit . once everyone have emptied one clip , they reload and descend . reich observes garth as he prepare to activate the control . reich what be you do ? garth you be right . Vincent develop a way to fix the weather . I be set the timer that will blow the roof and seed the income storm . Reich think about this a moment . reich no shit ? reverse the weather ? int . stairwell - lapiere allow the troops to take the point as they descend . the lead trooper run into the ameobic creature , which envelope he . blind , he body armor sparking , the soldier spin madly , scream . lapiere back off ! back off ! he and the remain troops retreat up five step . ext . roof - night Reich watch garth type in ' 5:00 ' in the timer . reich what be you do ? you be not go to activate it , be you ? garth of course I be go to activate it . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 107 . continued : reich do not you realize what this be , you idiot ?! this be more than wealth — this be power ! in the stairwell - lapiere and the remain troops watch as the soldier be consumed by the amoebic creature . his skin turn powder - white before he be spat out like a dust devil to the floor below . lapiere kill it ! shoot it ! shoot it ! they OPEN FIRE , full automatic . on the roof - reich and garth stare at one another , garth 's finger poise above the activate button . reich all I be ask be ... just think about this a minute , will you ?... we could evac all this equipment up to the Central Coast and set it off when the time be right . we could ... reunite the country . Hell , the entire goddamn world . garth with you as emperor , I suppose ? Reich grin . Emperor be too strong a word ... garth press the ' activate 's button , bring this globe on line . in the stairwell - lapiere and he remain man retreat up the step as they FIRE . the round splatter the creature for second before it reunite . the creature fling a portion of itself up the stairwell , connecting with a soldier . he scream in fear , the goo beginning to eat through he body armor . lapiere reach past he man to shove the wounded man at the creature below , to buy time . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 108 . continued : lapiere ( gesture up ) let 's go , let 's go ! roof - garth run for the next machine as Reich follow he , plead . reich look , look ... I be not a greedy guy . we will do it you way . any way you want . garth my way be now . reich no ! no , do not you see , there 's no margin in that . we can not use that . garth open the next controller , tap the ' on ' button , begin to program . stairwell - lapiere be the last to be slime . Men below he be already burn , be eat by the goo flung by the mother creature . lapiere goddamn it , goddamn it ! lapiere peel the body armor belt off . the goo stick to the electromagnetic shield . lapiere toss it into the darkness below and retreat up . interior - at the roof door - lapiere be almost out the door when the amoebic creature slap onto he , pulling he below . lapiere begin to bellow and cry , shriek with fear . on the roof - reich fire he automatic pistol at the sky , stop garth , who turn slowly to face he . reich let 's be reasonable ... you be alone . I have troops . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 109 . continued : garth 's expression say , I would not be so sure ... reich ( cont 'd ) I want to help mankind , too . just like you . but at the right time . if we set it off now , no one can take credit , but if we wait , spread the word , rally people to we side , and then set it off — there 's no limit to how strong we can become . garth no. now . reich no. later . when I say so . garth shake he head ' no . reich ( cont 'd ) you be a tough nut , Major ... something slap Reich behind he head . what 's that ? keeping the weapon aim at garth , he reach back with he left hand , feel something on he skin , bring the finger before he eye so he can see . reich ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? garth pivot and run . third seeding device - garth slide home , flip open the controller and begin tapping in the activation delay . behind he , in the distant background , reich spin madly , scream . garth activate the device , then stand . Reich 's voice goe suddenly silent . now there 's only garth and the creature leave on the roof . and one remain pod to be programe . garth leap into a run toward it . encrypt by Richard Taylor 110 . run with garth as he jump cable and ventilator . in the distant , and then less so distant background unidentified item be toss into the air as the creature approach quickly . garth freeze . the creature ( scene ) slowly undulate up into a mound , then a miniature peak , then a crude mimic of humanity , and finally into a monster of a man . Vincent 's awful face draw into a smile . garth draw the Smith and wesson and begins firing , leaping away . a portion of the creature , just flung , splat against a roof brace behind where garth stand and slither down . the creature lose viscosity as the stream of bullet hit it and it collapse . garth leap across the puddle and run on . the FOURTH pod - garth drop to he knee , open the control box and begin programe the device . a dark form rise behind he . garth accidentally program in ' 50:00 ' rather than ' 5:00 ' . cursing : garth goddamn it ! goddamn it ! he must start all over again . the form behind he be larger . finish , garth stand . he notice the dark form behind he . he turn . encrypt by Richard Taylor 111 . reich stand there , half he body chalk , shaking with the certainty of he death . he reach out a arm at garth but it fall , like a cigarette ash , to the floor and disintegrate . what remain of he live flesh turn chalk - white and disintegrate to reveal : the creature stand behind he . goo from reich body dribble away , then scoot to the mother goo . garth retreat a step , remove the remote control from he pocket , press the ' activate button ' and toss it into the darkness . insert - the controller panel light up and begin a countdown from 5:00 . resume scene as garth take a step to the leave . but the creature ignore he , look instead toward the pod . creature's Pov - the timer continue to count down : 4:33 ... 4:32 ... 4:31 ... 4:30 ... resume scene as garth wave he hand at the creature , try to draw its attention away from the pod . garth hey ! hey ! this way , slime ball ! the creature look at he briefly , then move for the pod . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 112 . continued : the creature fling a wad of itself at the pod timer mechanism . the mechanism begins to change , darken , weaken . garth leap to the pod , break a faceplate , stab activate now . the timer go from 4:17 to 10 , then 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6.4 % garth leap away . the explosion send the pod ball high into the sky , where it burst apart , send the seed gust high into the wind . garth run for the next pod . he slide headfirst into the mechanism , pop the cover open and break the face plate . finger on the activate now button , garth look back over he shoulder . garth's Pov - the creature undulate toward he like a shark smell blood . resume garth as he press the button and move . the creature fling itself at the pod just as it explode . the pod ball rise into the sky , repeat the previous explosion . encrypt by Richard Taylor 113 . garth be run for the next pod when the fly goo slap he on the shoulder and back . the goo cause the body armor to spark . garth check he wrist read - out : insert - wrist read - out report 27 ... 24 ... 21 ... garth reach for another battery in he belt . empty . garth hit the buckle , snap the armor loose , and throw it aside , the goo clinging to it as it fall away . third pod - garth nearly fall over it , drop to a knee , open the cover , smashes the faceplate and press the activate now button . the pod blows just as garth leap away . the seed be whipped up and away by the stiffening wind . garth remove the last two clip for the pistol , load one , then the other . he stare off across the roof . garth's Pov - the creature be make its way toward the final pod . ( scene ) garth draw the Smith -and - wesson and advance . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 114 . continued : garth begin firing on full automatic as he run . the bullet disperse the creature . goo fly everywhere . garth reach the pod first , open the cover , smashes the faceplate . another angle - the creature be amorphous tentacles grip garth and pull he back . his reach hand be jerk away from the activate now button . garth bellow in pain as the goo absorb into he skin . White blotches begin to appear . garth 's boot catch a cable line and hold as the creature pull on he prone body . garth reach for a pen in he pocket . it 's the miniature crossbow see earlier . arm spring out , a trigger . the bolt snap into place with a flick of he wrist . garth aim ... aim ... and fire . the pod controller - the activate now button be press home by the fly bolt . garth and the creature be blow back by the explosion . garth land ten foot away . the goo be slowly proceeding up one arm , change he flesh , kill it . garth rub it , as if to return circulation , but it do not help . garth see the creature reforming , move toward he . he try to move but he 's be hurt far more than he think . he sag , wait death . a damaged robot from a earlier confrontation with the creature surge forward . in its hand , a cable whose end have be stripped , revealing naked wire . the robot spear the creature with the cable . SPARKS and sizzling flesh . moment pass as the creature continue to lose viscosity , sagging finally into bag of amorphous jelly , and then decaye pool of chemical . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 115 . continued : diana appear , imperfectly due to damage projector lense , on top of the robot , which drop the cable . diana be you all right ? garth ( cough ) I be die . diana no you be not . I can save you . garth ( laugh - bubbling blood ) no . I do not think so . the robot scoops he up , pivot and move for the stairwell door , diana projected on top and seem to tend to garth . the track of the robot pass over puddle of ooze , which cling . ext . / int . the stairwell - ( scene ) the robot carry garth , crazily descend the step , drop from step to step . smash through the second landing door . crashes through the third . careen around the corner and through the final door . the robot' track be beginning to smoke and hiss as the creature transform the metal . garth and diana almost tumble from the robot as it throw a track and grind to a halt . garth 's leave arm be almost ash . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 116 . continued : diana you must get up !... get up !... get up , goddamn it ! get up ! garth be almost out . he look questioningly at diana , as if to ask , why ? diana ( cont 'd ) get to the computer ! John , listen to I , you can still live ... if you just get to the computer ! garth understand . he try to lift himself from the robot 's arm , fall back , try again . garth tumble to the floor , try to stand but he left leg have be converted to waste material . no live flesh there . diana ( cont 'd ) focus , John ! focus on I . you can do it . diana' image flicker in the darkness , a waver ghost . she be tethere to the damage robot , unable to go with he . garth begin to crawl . diana disappear from the robot and reappear , a better projection , near the computer where Vincent 's lifeless body lay . diana ( cont 'd ) Fifteen foot , John . that 's all it be . just fifteen foot . ( scene ) the creature surge through the door . diana snap around to look , as do garth . the creature too be not what it once be . the beast fight to retain its form and motion , but move forward . garth try to crawl faster , but can not . diana disappear from the computer , and reappear at the robot . stand on its top , she direct it to turn around . the remain track spin the machine around . garth force himself to go faster . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 117 . continued : diana command the robot 's arm to snap menacingly . this be the only weapon that remain . the creature advance . garth use furniture to pull himself forward . he 's on he knee now . the robot 's arm snap as the creature advance . the robot and creature meet . the snap arm be meaningless . the creature swallows the robot as diana' image waver , crackle , and disappear . ( scene ) diana reappear beside the computer . she watch with mute horror as the creature absorb the robot , rise to its full height , and then fling a portion of its Mass at garth . the goo hit garth just as he rise to push Vincent 's body from the couch . the body topple onto the floor as garth scream in pain . the goo settle into he back , sizzling . garth lose control of he body , collapse to the floor . portion of he back , waist , one leg , one arm be already lifeless . diana I can not do this for you ! you must get up onto the couch ! now ! now ! garth shake the grogginess away as a shadow fall across he . ( scene ) the creature , its mass increase by conquest , have rise to its full height less than five foot away . garth rise on one leg as the other drop away from he body , a fall cigarette ash . one last herculean effort , garth jump up onto the couch . the creature fall upon he , swallow he whole . ( continued ) encrypt by Richard Taylor 118 . continued : diana gasp in surprise and regret . garth 's good hand jut up through the goo , pull the temple probe down to where he forehead be locate beneath the creature . the vast computer 's hum increase . the outline of garth 's body jump , then shake in death rattle . diana throw the full power of encrypt into the chair make contact with the amoebic goo . encrypt 's dormant synaptic power rise to a terrible hum . the creature fries , this time not dissolve but burn . piece fly away , ash fall from a bonfire . a bellowing moan rise from the creature as it crumble into hot dust . slow dissolve : ext . a meadow above the ocean - day Wild flower be in bloom . the sea wind gust gently . garth stand stare out to sea . he wear casual clothes , clean , carefree . a hand reach out for he . garth take it . pull back to reveal diana . wearing a sun dress and hold a hat on she head against the wind . she smile . pull back to reveal that this be a television screen in the encrypt computer room . pull back to the ceiling ... through the ceiling ... then the next , and the next ... to the roof ... to the sky , where the STORM be raging and the pod seed be swirling ... above the STORM ... pull back to the earth itself , spinning on . fade out : the end