=nd of day written by Andrew W. marlowe CO beacon Communications 2/17/98 wand it be write that when God make man in he image , he ask the angel to bow down before he great creation . one amongst they refuse , and for that sin , lucifer the angel of Light , be cast from God 's grace , and imprison in the darkness of Hell . but once every thousand year , when the star be right , lucifer ig freed from he prison seek vengeance against man . if he can cross the threshold of Hell with he choose mortal bride , he shall be give reign over earthly soul and all mankind will be damned . '' - the satanic prophesies fade in : title card : " 25 year ago " '' ext . hospital - day the New York City daylight shine down on our lady of mercy hospital . int . delivery room - day a woman lie in stirrup , breathe rhythmically . her husband squeeze she hand while the obstetrician kneel between she leg . ob / gyn push ... that 's it . push . with a final push , the woman tense she entire body and a moment later the cry of a newborn fill the roon . , ob / gyn ( cont no ) it 's a girl . . the cheerful nurse gingerly wrapa the baby in a blanket and present it to the mother . ' mother sho 's ... she 's so beautiful . tear of joy £ 111 the mother 's eye as the new father kiss he wife on the forehead . they both beam at the miracle . nurse I must take she down for she clean - up , now . woman no please . not yet . oh , it 's procedure . we will have she back to you before you know it . the nurse take the baby from the room . int . corridor - day the nurse walk past the sick and die . she clutches the baby to she bosom as it be she own . just before the elevator , the nurse duck into the stairway . yy int . stairway - day darkness fill the stairwell as the nurse descend ... flight after flight . until it end . she push through a door , into a ... Dark corridor «+. and with the cry baby she turn into ... int . morgue - day sheet cover cadaver lie on metal slab . faceless men , wear hooded robe , gather in a small circle in the center of the room . one of they , the head priest , step forward and take the baby from the nurse . | the room be light by the glow of candle arrange in a ... pentagram the head Priest unwrap the newborn girl and place she in the center of the satanic symbol . head priest to he , we commit you body . to he , we commit you soul . the head Priest open a box and remove a snake . he hold the snake high , show it to the other . then he take a silver gagger and cut the snake open . it writhes as its blood drip ento the baby . head priest ( cont would ) you be promise to he . you be give to he . you shall open the gate and build he a temple on Earth . — the head Priest smear the blood of the snake on the newborn 's face and bring he bleod soak finger to rest in the baby girl 's mouth . head priest ( cont would ) you be choose . . she suckle the finger . head priest ( cont would ) : ( whisper ) you have taste he . and now you be he and you will hunger for hin . the snake ignites into a flash of flame and disappear . int . corridor - night -_ the nurse walk back down the linoleum , clutching the baby . she turn into ... the maternity ward and hand the little girl back over to she mother 's arm . nurse here she be , all clean and fresh . have you think of a name yet ? mother christine . her name 's christine . nurse happy birthday , christine . ext . vatican CITY - night the majestic tower of the vatican rise high into the night , they shadowy face light from the glow of street lamp below . the moon , not yet full , hang low in the sky . but something 's @ifferent . above the moon be a faint arc of some kind . in the window of one of the tower room , candle light a flicker and a shadow move across the pane of glass . int . room - night monastically spare - a wooden chair , table and bed . open on the table be a illuminated manuscript . beautiful lettering adorn its wear parchment page , and a rich illustration leap off the oppose page . the shadow move across the page . a monk take he seat at the table . : monk all my life have I watch the sky , wait for the sign . the monk point to the illustration in the manuscript . the full moon hang low in the sky . across the top of the moon be a comet , its tail sweeping in a arc over the glow orb . the effect be that of a giant eye . beneath it , a child lie inside a pentagran . monk ( cont would ) ( read ) under the eye of God the child be bear . she shall be mark by darkness . . '' 4 . another shadow move in the candle light room . his vestment rustle as he move to the window balcony , step out into the night air . above he in the sky , the very same sign . a . comet arcing over the moon . monk ( cont would ) you holiness , there can be no doubt . it have begin . the shadow figure step into the light . we see by he vestment that he be indeed the pope . pope send emissary out to all the city ef the world . she must be find . in the shadow we see other religious leader of all faithes . they murmur amongst themselves . one among they , a cardinal , step forward . cardinal she must be destroy . let I convene the knight . pope if we sacrifice the innocent we do not deserve to be redeeme . the monk turn the page of the manuscript . in the next illumination , the knight on the cliff be now surround by fire . a Young girl in rag be curl around he foot . the knight 's swordtip point at the devil . fade to black : " New York City - present Day " ext . new york CITY - day glory shot - New yorker play frisbee in the sheep 's meadow . tourist tour the upper height of the Empire state Building . boat push out onto the Hudson River . but in they wake , fish bon soee guan dloni ge ie sttenses™™ ? ott sbs mneoer m ext . new york CITY street - day . a homeless man pray to a open sewer hole churn out steam . siren blare in the background . police motorcycle pass by . behind they a motorcade -- half a dozen car . the homeless man look up at the sky . a dark shadow fall across he face , as a helicopter swoops overhead . along the helicopter 's side ... " hunter private security " helicopter pilot ( v.0 . ) this be Hunter one. rooftop 125 to 136 be clear . jericho ( v.0 . ) keep they clear . we swoop lower , singling out one of the limousine in the motorcade . int . limousine - day jericho scan the crowd with he strong pierce eye and the mo nonsense attitude of a samurai . he and the three other armed man in this limo be all dress in dark business suit , look very much like secret service Agents , right down to the radio earpiece in they ear . jericho raise he cuff and speak into the small microphone sewn there . jericho Hunter two , do you copy ? ext . rooftop - day this black tar roof look like it have not see maintenance since the wpa . brackete to building 's edge , fifteen foot letter extend high above we tell any New Yorker who bother to look up that once-upon-a- time this be ... the blue angel HOTEL . a helicopter rise above the edge of the building and circle the rooftop perimeter . -helicopter pilot two Hunter two , we copy . in the open door of the chopper , a commando scan the roof with a spectral scope . no sign of heat , movement , or life . helicopter pilot two ( cont would ) sector one be clear . jericho ( v.0 . ) copy two. eta Three minute . High alert and count down . helicopter pilot two copy that . Hunter two veer away from the rooftop and pull into tha sky . a few heartbeat later , a slight clicking SOUND catch we attention . it 's come from the L in blue . the bottom panel of the letter drop down , and out slide a figure , he outfit the same dark asphalt black as the rooftop . with lightning efficiency the man in black pop open a small black case and remove a gunstock and several section of a gun barrel . if we guess it be a high power sniper rifle , we would not be wrong . ext . STREET - day the motorcade cruise past , head toward ... the UNITED nation build the very symbol of mankind 's best intention . mat . limousine - day through the window , jericho scan the crowd for anything out of the ordinary . jericho weapon check . he and the three other man remove they handgun from they holster , check they load and release safeties . one of the man , a goateed wisecracker name chicago , late thirty , be - holster he weapon and speak into he mic . chicago —_ python on approach . we be at alert five . cue the potentate . he 's on . ext . UNITED nation build - day the motorcade pull to a halt between crowd of people . . jericho and chicago spring from the first limo and cross to the door of the second . the rest of the security contingent take up point position , all eye scan the crowd . jericho ( into cuff mic ) we be expose . 7. jericho open the door . a diplomat step out and cross to the crowd . shake hand . jericho scan the crowd . a gun barrel ? no , it 's a umbrella . then he check nearby rooftop . thinks he see something on one of they . no. just a shadow . scan nearby window . from one window , he see a glint of light . he squint . it 's not come from the window , it 's a reflection of something on the roof across the way . a untrained observer would not notice , a highly train observer would probably miss it . jericho do not . his head snap around to the rooftop , but see nothing once again . but he sense something . jericho ( cont would ) ( into cuff ) Hunter two , reoftop Southwest corner . helicopter p.o.v . - look down on the rooftop . all we can see be the black of the roof . hunter two rooftop negative . on the ground - jericho run .toward the diplomat . jericho ( into cuff ) you be wrong . shooter ! evac ! evac ! Security swing into action . gun be draw . jericho grab the diplomat and pull he toward the limo . gunshot ! jericho turn , and he suit jacket explode four time as the round hit he squarely in the chest . as he go down , he shove the diplomat into the limo , slamm the door . the limousine accelerate knock jericho aside as it fly through its pre-plan emergency escape route . jericho ( cont would ) ( gasp into mic ) drive one. status ! int . limousine - day eee as it accelerate down the street . the driver glance in he mirror at the anxious diplomat . no bullet wound though . drive one shaken , not stir . use secure south entrance . . , ) ext . STREET - day ceicago push through the crowd to jericho , who lie motionless on the cement . chicago oh , shit . Chicago crouch and finger the bullet hole in jericho 's jacket . . chicago ( cont would ) how many time have I tell you not to * wear you good suit to work . jericho stir . Chicago help he to he foot . jericho pull off he jacket . beneath it ... a kevlar vest with four bullet imbed in its surface . jericho where 's the shooter ? chicago cornere on the rooftop . jericho ~ - then what be we do down here ? UNITED nation - southwest corner jericho and Chicago race toward the descend helicopter . they do not break stride as they jump on the hood , then roof of a nypd patrol car , surprising the hell out of the officer inside . the helicopter do not even touch down as jericho and Chicago climb onboard . it lift off immediately . ext . rooftop - day the shooter hold position behind the scaffold rail hold up the letter . he shoulder he rifle , take shot at the helicopter fly around hin . int . helicopter - day jericho and Chicago look out the side window , down at the shooter . the sheoter swing he rifle toward they and fire . the glass on the window explode as it 's hit by a round . jericho and Chicago pull out they sidearm , lean out the break window and FIRE at the shooter . the shooter snake back into the girdiron . jericho get we closer . ext . sky - day the helicopter pull up and circle around . ext . rooftop - day the shooter aim at the helicopter and squeeze off a few round . but jericho 's return FIRE force he into the open . the shooter fire again , but he 's out of ammo . he run , but ... the helicopter descend in front of he , cut he off . nowhere to go . the shooter check he option , glance at the edge of the building . as jericho exit the helicopter , gun draw , the shooter turn tail and run toward the edge of the building . jericho jump back onto the akid of the chopper . he yell to the pilot . jericho + pollow ! the pilot comply . Chicago lean out the window . chicago he 's gonna pancake himself . jericho ( to Pilot ) faster ! the helicopter skim low and fast after the shooter . jericho stand , perch on the skid , he arm outstretch , ready to grab the shooter . the shooter 's not let up , run as fast as he can toward oblivion . the helicopter close on he quickly . jericho reach out -his arm , just a few foot away from the shooter . close in . his fingertip almost touch . but ... the roof end the shooter sunp ... jericho grab for he ... catch a handful of fabric ... 10 . the helicopter zoom over the edge , leave jericho stare down at the dizzying sight of a hundred story drop , hold the shooter by the scruff of he shirt . . jericho ( cont would ) get he ! the shooter turn . raise a handgun at jericho . jericho 's eye widen as the hammer pull back . there 's only one thing he can do ... let go ! he doe . the shooter plummet , continue to fire . jericho can not believe what he 's just do . Chicago pull he back into the helicopter . chicago better he than you , man . ext . sky - day the shooter continue to fall , accelerate . then a streamer pop from he back ... int . helicopter - day jericho look down at the plummete shooter . jericho he 's get silk ! son-of-a-bitch 's get silk . ektt . sky - day between the canyon of tall building a parachute blossom . stun New yorker look up in awe as the man in Black paraglide right down 42nd street . '' int . helicopter - day jericho check he sidearm and grit he tooth . jericho down. ai. ext . sky - day the helicopter descend between the building chase after the chute . the shooter pull he steering line and accelerate toward mid-town . int . helicopter ~ day jericho bang on the wall of the cabin . jericho lower ... helicopter pilot siz , I can not land a helicopter in the middle of a crowded street . jericho I do not ask you to land . ext . STREET - day a cabbie watch through he window as the shooter glide down the biock toward he . when he 's about ten foot from the ground , the shooter cut he chute . he plummet onto the roof of the cab . cabbie hoy ! asshole . you batter have collision . the shooter leapfrog across car toward a subway entrance . as the cabbie turn back around , he see a helicopter descend on he . jericho poise at the door . as soon as the helicopter be close enough to the ground , jericho jump ... hit the top of oo see the shooter disappear into the dark hole of he climb down the side of the bus . int . subway platform - day against the protest shout of a mta worker , jericho jump the turnstile , he gun draw . he race through the crowded subway platform push commuter aside . as he get to the platform 's edge , he see the shooter disappear into the darkness cf the subway tunnel . without a moment hesitation , jericho jump down on the track , sprinting after the shooter . 12 . int . subway tunnel - day jericho race through venting steam and dirty pool of water . a hush fall on the tunnel . he hear whisper all around he . ' voice jericho ... jericho .... the sharp SNAP of two gunshot send he diving for cover . he blindly return fire down the tunnel . he listen a moment and step back into the open , move stealthily , like a cat . as he edge down the tunnel , the wall begin to glow with a deep rocking crimson and then slowly ooze into flame . the length of the tunnel become a abyss of swirl fire and desperate cry of pain ring in we ear . the shooter step into the open and turn toward jericho , he face black as soot , he eye burning red . his dark voice bellow over the roar of the flame . shooter heed mar , jericho . the thousand year be over . the Dark angel will be leose from he prison and the Gates . of damnation will open between kell and Earth . . jericho get down on the ground ! hand behind you head ! shooter you be powerless to stop it . jericho stare at the terrifying inferno and the dark shadow down the barrel of he sidearm . the shooter stalk toward jericho . jericho stay back ... I say stay back ! jericho change the angle of he shot and fire twice . suddenly the tunnel goe dark . the shooter scream and fall to the ground . everything 's back to normal , except jericho have blow two hole in the shooter 's leave leg . jericho look around , lock for the light show , wonder what the hell it be . footstep behind he . Chicago and the nypd come to the rescue . they blow by jericho and swarm the shooter , cuffing _hdm and recite miranda . 13 . chicago hey , you okay ? you look like you see a ghost . indeed he have . he walk over to the shooter . go be the smolder face and raging eye . jericho much worse . int . subway platform - day a sea of blue as New York 's finest clear the station . the shooter be load up onto a stretcher . he try to speak but only unform sound escape he lip . detective francis , 5as , gruff nypd , cross to jericho . dtc . francis sorry , man . whatever you think he say ... could not have be he . jericho why 's that ? : dtc . francis guy 's get no tongue : int . subway tunnel - later jericho search the wall up and down . chicago if it make you feel any better , I waw a ufo once at summer camp . jericho ignore he . train rumble echo from a distance . jericho this be real . I do not fantasize . chicago but , there 's nothing here . jericho touch the char old wall of the subway tunnel , rub he finger together . jericho there be . 14 . ext . new york CITY - night Dark thunderhead roll ever the tower skyscraper . angry . billow spitting down shaft of lightning . deep echoe of rumbling thunder roll up and down the avenue . ext . CITY - night a quiet block of brownstone , darkly silent on this night . with the exception of far away flash and distant rumbling . the blacktop on the street shake , start to crack . a terrifying rumble as the earth tear open . a wall of FIRE erupt from the crack . the entire block be swallow by flame . window blow out . a giant tongue of FIRE reach high up to heaven ... as if hell itself have erupt . the wall of flame swirl down the street and in the flame we see a shape , perhaps a monstrous wing , perhaps a giant talon step forward , all cover by a shroud of fire . the shape push further and further out until the fire part and out of the fireball step ... a man handsome , elegant , age , yet ageless ... there be something about he that be immediately frightening . he look around as if see the world for the very first time . he take a deep breath of air , remove a silver case from he jacket , pull out a cigarette . he take a drag and the cigarette ignite into a flame on its own . the whole block be in flame behind he , casting he long dark shadow down the street . from a dark alley , we see a homeless man , a albino , peer out the terrifying scene . he turn and run . — _ as thunder crack , rattling window , jericho bolt straight up in bed , breathe hard . another flash of lightning and the first thing we notice be _ the glass . great wide window . great wide sky-light look up to the heaven . the city stretch around we for 360 degree . a flash of lightning illuminate the room and we wee that the apartment be very spare . no art , minimal . furniture . jericho click the light on . we can see large welt stretch across he chest where the bullet hit . he check the bruise and when he touch one he wince . 15 . he rise and cross to the window . on the night table be a '' '' ) single picture in a frame of jericho , much young , a woman and young boy . the storm outside intensify and suddenly the light go out . darkness . a match be strike . jericho bring the flame to light a candle . but the candle 's blow out . he light it again . again it die . he try again , hold the match on the flame . crash ! Glass shatter . a rush of wind . the candle and match blow out . in flash of lightning , we see that the drive wind have blow one of he window open . the wind billow into he room . another flash of lightning and he see a woman ( not the one in the picture ) stand near he ... arm outstreched ... pleading . darkness again . jericho cross to the window and push it shut . he hear siren outside . he cross to the window , and peer out , he see flame lick the sky a half - mile away and ~ '' ) hear the wailing of police and fire truck . : int . lobby , the plaza - HOTEL the man cross the lobby to the front desk . the night clerk , a very elegant woman in she twenty , force a smile . clerk May I help you , sir ? the man look deep into the clerk 's eye . she sway a bit as if swoon . he nod at she and she slide a key to hin . man thank you . the man touch the girl 's hand and then stroke she face . man ( cont no ) come up in twenty minute . the girl watch he walk away , she eye change , darken . 16 . int . penthouse suite / the plaza - night the man stand before all of New York City overlook the | twinkle light and gap of darkness . he sniff . something foul . angle on ~ the bedside table . the man sniff again . he slide the drawer open and remove a gideon Bible . he hold it in he hand and squeeze . blood drip down from the Book and run down the man 's hand . moment later it burst into flame . the man do not seem to mind the fire as the Bible quickly turn to smoke . in the background we see the Hotel clerk enter the room . clerk I be bere for you . she begin to undress . the man throw a backward glance at she . man call a friend ... or two . the smoke from the Bible drift into the air dissolve ore . i ext . new york CITY - morning no sign of last night 's storm , red dawn break over Central Park . but the dawn be a little too red . as if the cloud be soak in blood . morning radio ( v.0o ) and it 's another scorcher here in the Big Apple , or should I say the rotting apple . temperature be expect to hit a record ninety . two @egree . we be gonna have one blister of a New Year 's Eve in Times Square . jericho duck into a busy deli and approach the counter . News Radio be on in the background . morning radio ( v.0 ) and heap it on , a gas main erupt in Bell 's Kitchen last night send - . &lame a hundred yard into the air ... stan weismann , the deli man , blood stain across he apron , -_ grin through he bad tooth at jericho . 17 . weismann jericho . saw you in the paper . save another life ? weismann hand jericho he usual . jericho zi do not save anyone . I keep they from die of unnatural cause . how 's helen do in this heat ? in the background , a frighten alibino young man watch jericho , start move toward he . weismann she 's okay . she love to bitch about the leg . jericho tell she I miss she coffee . 7 weismann you be the only one . the albino grab jericho and look deep into he eye , plead . albino find the girl ! you must protect she ! suddenly weismann convulse . he leap the deli counter growl and grab the young man by the throat , strangling he , smash he head through the glass in the meat counter . jericho hey . hey ! jericho try to pull the two apart . weissman throw jericho back with bestial strength , he voice otherwordly . weishann the righteous shall be destroy . jericho let he go ! jericho grab weismann who writhes like a man possese . the albino break free ... and sprint toward the window of the deli . he leap through it , shatter the glass , and disappear into the crowded New York sidewalk . weismann grab at jericho and slashes at he with he hand . for a second the hand look different , like claw or talon as they rip into jericho 's suit sleeve . jericho shove the he back , and weismann run after the albino . - ~ 18 . jericho run after they , but ... on the sidewalk he see no sign of they . jericho look down at the rip in he sleeve . no human hand could have do that . int . penthouse suite / the plaza - morning Light leak through the curtain and we see body writhe dn the bed . in the darkness , the form suggest several nude woman . one figure arise among they ... the man . man it 's good to be back . he cross to a closet door , open it , revealing a long row of suit . he pick one out . a nude girl come over to he and rub she hand along he chest . he put he hand on she head . man ( cont would ) go into the city . find the girl and bring she to I . girl perhaps I be the one . the man stroke the girl 's body . man if it be only as easy as you be . . girl what 's so special about this " girl ? " man nothing . that 's the beauty of it . it could have be you . it could have be — any of you . but I choose she . she be baptise in blood and be mine . girl what can we do to find she ? you be the one with all the power . the man slap she hard across the face . his handprint be . burn into she cheek . it practically boil . man . not all the power . not yet . the man stroke she other cheek . she flinch . 19 . girl _ , ( frighten ) how ... how will we know she ? man zi will know she . you eye and the eye of ali who serve I be mine . I need but one of you to glance at she and she will be reveal . he pull she into a kiss . man ( cont would ) I be here . spread the word . ext . lobby - day jericho cross to a series of elevator , still look at the tear in he suit jacket , when Chicago exit the elevator . jericho look at this . you ever see anything like this ? chicago * yeah , but she move to Europe . c'mon . a jericho where be we go ? chicago cop find something juicy . ext . STREET corner - day the man emerge from the Plaza Hotel onto the sidewalk in front of Central Park as a horse draw carriage trot by . the horse 's eye lock on the man . the horse rear back . the coachman pull back on the reign , try to regain control , but the horse take off in a lather . it leap the retain wall of the park and plummet . the carriage smashes against the wall and the horse flail in mid-air above the a smug smile break across the man 's face as he walk out into the city . int . hospital room - day a nurse check the pulse of the unconscious shooter . her eye —s glow red . she close she eye . : } 20 . 2xt . new york CITY street - day the man stop , close he eye , then open they . he 's " see " the shooter . he change direction . he pass by a group of fifteen year - old Catholic School Girls in they skirt and uniform . he turn to watch they walk away . he see a business man admire the jailbait and smile . man what be it about Catholic school girl ? the Business man look shocked at the man 's word . business man that 's disgusting . the man lean in and whisper . man go on . who 's gonna know ? the Business man 's head turn and he watch the girl sashay down the sidewalk . he think a beat , glance at the man then back at the girl . he trot after they and follow they around the corner . the man grin and walk away . ext . run down apartment build ~ day jericho and Chicago flash they id to the cop stand on the stoop . jericho detective Francis ? cop he 's expect you down below . the cop atep aside as jericho and Chicago push into the buildiag . int . tenement build , hallway - day flicker bare lightbulb dimly light the peel wall paper . jericho and Chicago find the ancient staircase , with its loose and rotting floorboard . they descend to the ... pipe drip water and cockroach scurry out of the way as . Chicago and jericho make they way down a litter strewn hallway all the way to the end , to a door , it 's ancient paint peel in small curl sheet . 21 . chicago wanna bet it 's rent control ? they push open the door . Inside the dark room several flashlight beam sweep back and forth . dic . francis ( 0.s. ) anyone find the goddamn circuit breaker ? int . basement apartment - day but you would not know it be day . the window , paint black , allow only small crack of light in . jericho and Chicago push they way into the apartment . chicago he like the dark . Francis shine he light on jericho . dtc . francis picked up a real winner , jer . what have you get ? : flashlight sweep the room revealing a rotting mattress in the corner . roaches and silverfish crawl from the beam back into the dark . dtc . francis you shooter 's name be , get this ... Thomas St. aquinas . use to be a priest . oshout out ) we need some goddamn light down here ! jericho breaker be not out . look . jericho take a flashlight and shine it through the of one of the lampshade . ‘op jericho ( cont would ) no bulb . dtc . francis how about that ? jericho strike a match and light several candle on a write desk . they pale illumination settles acrosa the room . = 22 . jericho you say he use to be a priest ? dtc . francis yeah . study in Rome . one of they alleged clairvoyant . come here in ' 75 to Saint John the Divine . ten year ago he go miss . jericho any reason ? dtc . francis the Priest up there say he have a vision . then he just vanish . jericho furrow he brow , disturb . jericho a vision ? what kind of vision ? dtc . francis end of the world stuff . Chicago notice a thick red pentagram draw on the floor . he stoops to examine its line . . chicago I do not think this be paint . dtc . francis ( to a cop ) get a sample . jericho turn he attention to the wall . it 's cover with drawing . religous icon and symbol . picture of angel and demon struggle over the break bone of man . on another wall be a meticulous color chalk illustration of a city in flane , the sky red , the street run with blood , hold in the palm of two giant talon come off of scale arm that gescend down the wall to the concrete floor . jericho that 's not a pretty picture . catcasco so what 's a religous nutball do after the ambassador ? dic . francis I do not think the ambassador be he target . jericho what make you say that ? 23 . dtc . francis well , we find some thing . jericho look up , curious . CUT to : flashlight illuminate a pickle jar . a tongue float in viscous , blood-streaked fluid . after a beat , we realize that we be in ... a bathroom ... dtc. francis exhibit A. the beam sweep up , past a forest of paper hang from crig - eross clothesline . hanging sheet of paper . glossy in the dark . they be all photograph ... of jericho . dic . francis ( cont would ) you be quite a hobby of he . ~~ jericho shine the light on one of the image . ( jericho this one 's two day ago . ( beat - turn ) but this ... this be take month ago . chicago well before the ambassador hire we . dtc . francis so the question be , why you ? Chicago pick up some photograph of a dark brunette girl in she mid-twenty . . chicago who 's the locker ? dtc . francis De not know . but she 's the only other person in the photograph . jericho take the photograph . he recognize she as the woman . who appear in he apartment '' vision " last night . a — — 24 . jericho know who she be ? dtc . francis not a clue . we push in on the photograph as we ... match CUT to : int . mid - town day care CENTER - day christine bethlehem , the twenty five year old beauty , sit on the floor amidst the madness of a bunch of pre-school kid , some coloring picture , some run wild . she play cats'cradle with a adorable little girl while a little boy , matthew use she head ag a road for he fire truck . christine when you be finish with you wish picture , bring they to I . Matthew , my head ig not a street . the fire truck get wound around she hair . matthew . it 's stick , christine . Mom ! Matthew run to he mom , leave christine with a fire truck @angle from she head . judy , another day care worker , sign child out to they parent . christine good - naturedly try the untangle the truck . another little boy , paul come over to christine , hand har he wish picture . it 's a fly boy with hand full of candy . paul christiiiine . you get a hook and ladder in you hair . christine thank you , Paul ! if there 's a fire , I will be ready for it . I like you picture ! sometimes , I wish I could fly , too . christine smile sweetly . she lean forward to tie he loose shoe . when she look back up at Paul ... the room be on FIRE , child and parent be burning . scream in pain ! christine let out a stifle screan . 25 . ogudy what 's wrong ! the room be back to normal . christine look up and everybody be stare at she . christine nothing . I be sorry . nothing . Paul run off . christine stand , stare blankly at the room . she sink into a child - size desk chair . int . hospital corridor - day the man walk down the corridor toward the ... shooter's room . the two cop still stand guard . the man head into the room , but the cop jump in front of he . cor # 1 Excuse I , siz . you can not go in there . man o£ course I can . he push between they . the cop block he way . — cop # 2 what 's you name , sir ? man you know I . we have meet . the man 's face cloud and_go dark . man ( cont would ) remember the getman bust ? I remenber you . officer Shapiro and bartovski . you gang - bang that two addict and leave with they stash ? the two cop stare at each other in disbelief . man ( cont would ) you serve I . the man push past the two . they do not stop he . int . hospital room - day Thomas , the shooter lie still in he bed , catatonic . the Men take a seat next to hin . ~ 26. man Thomas , at last we meet , in the flesh . Thomas open he eye . terror . he try to move , but the restraint hold he down . the man pop open Thomas ' mouth . he shake he head and task . man ( cont would ) who 's the harsh master , Thomas , he {the man look up ) or I ? the man rip open Thomas 's hospital gown . the man put he hand on Thomas 's heart . swollen line burst across Thomas 's chest and stomach . ancient conieform lettering . man ( cont would ) you feeble attempt on the protector 's life only serve to warn he . you have do go@ 's work in my name . you understand the price of you failure ? Thomas close he eye . he would pray if he could . ' CUT to : ext . hospital - night we recognize it as the same hospital where christine be bear . jericho , Chicago and detective Francis jog up the step . chicago how're we gonna question a guy with uo tongue ? jericho be cas write , can not he ? chicago unless he 's cut off he hand . int . hospital ~ night '' the three of they walk through the front door into a unbelievable de of horror . a handful of cop and orderly use billy - club choke hold to subdue a crack addict go mad . crack addict they have run out of drug . it 's the aapgoalypee , man . everything 's gonna 27 . - the crack addict break free and rush over to jericho . crack addict ( cont would ) you gotta stop it . the cop pounce on the addict and wrestle he to the ground . dtc . francis pull moon tonight , huh ? orderly it 's a full moon every night down here . int . hospital corridor - night the three of they cross to the hospital room guard by the two cop . dtc . francis how 's he do ? the two cop step in front of the door . cop # 1 recovering . : = dtc . francis I would like to speak with he . cop # 2 he 's under sedation . you will have to come back later . jericho we just want to look in on he real cre cor # 1 I be sorry , sir . dtc . francis I be sorry , siz ? get out of the way . the two cop cye each other again . busted . they regretfully step aside after a few beat . as jericho , Chicago and Francis enter the hospital room , we hold on the cop 's expression . dtc . francis ( 0.s. ) what the fuck ! gericho ( 0.s . ) '' ~~ get a doctor ! now ! - c ) 28 . one of the cop venture inte ... int . hospital room ~ day and see what the other be look at . thomas up on the wall . crucified . nail in eis hand and feet , he eye gouged out and he throat slit . chicago Jesus . what kind of a sick fuck do that ? the cop pull out he gun and check the room , surprised that no one else be in there . the small hospital television remain on in the background . the local News anchor read the report , over video of die fish . anchor eee authority investigate several oad occurrence , include the East River , whose temperature have shot up twenty degree in twelve hour ... match CUT to : another television - anceor eee leave authority to wonder if it may be connect to the explosion in Hell 's Kitchen last night . 1 out from the television and see the man watch it window of a Electronic 's store . he turn and knock punk skateboarder . _ be I . skateboarder hey asshole , watch where you be go . man I like you shirt . the kid 's shirt say " Satan rule ' . get lose , old man . the skateboarder mount he skateboard and roll off . the man watch he , smile . a moment later the kid be hit by a city ~ bus. : 29 . int . hospital - day cop and doctor everywhere . cop # 1 and I be tell you ... nobody enter the room . he must have do it to himself . jericho grab the cop and turn he head toward the wall . - jericho yeah ? show I how . two orderly lower the body to the bed . Francis spot the lettering beneath the rip surgical gown . he move it aside uncover the pentagram raise on he flesh along with tha ancient writing . of . francis sust keep get weirder . orderly what the hell do that say ? the doctor lean over the writings . I do not know what this other be : but this be Hebrew ... it say , bethlehem and ... jericho . jericho jericho ? {to Doctor , be : Chicago ) do he tell you to say that ? chicago I swear , jer. I do not . this be too creepy , even for I . suddenly Thomas jump and begin to flail . he 's not dead ! ke grab the orderly and throw he across the roecn . he stand . he 's growl now and on he feet . the orderly be scream ! jericho reach for he gun , but Thomas grab he by the lapel ... thomas ( force air whisper ) the battle be within . be collapse , fall face down on the ground , he head only -_ half - attach where he throat be cut . . 30 . int . hospital corridor - day Chicago and detective Francis exit Thomas 's room . they see jericho down the hall , sit in the wait room , nursing a cup of coffee . ceicago he 's spook , and he do not spook . dtc . francis zi think we should assign he some protection . chicago protect the protector ? he would just take the assignment himself and tell you he 's never lose a client . otc . francis : every streak 's gotta end sometime . chicago it 's a Holy crusade with hin . he do not let go . votc . francis ' that just be not healthy . he 's gonna erack . * see , that 's where you be wrong . he crack a long time ago . only reason be do this job 's ' cause he never put himself back together . they enter the wait recom and cross to jericho . jericho leok up . jericho : you think I be in danger ? dtc. francis yep . jericho then that girl in the picture 's in danger too . we have to find she . dtc . francis it 's gonna take time jer . we do not even know she name . . jericho yes , we do . ( beat ) 'a bethlehem . her name be bethlehen . 31 . int . police station - day os Francis tap a keyboard . on a computer screen : " bethlehem appear . a hundred name scroll up the screen . dic . francis you would not happen to have a first mame would you ? jericho ( to Chicago ) go check in at work . tell they we be tracking down a security problem . ( to Francis ) tell I again , where be he a priest ? ext . central park - day the man stride into the sheep 's meadow . he consider the ground , pick up some blade of grass . smelis they . he approve . he raise he hand and the grass begin to move . snake , hundred of they , erupt through the dirt . sheep 's meadow become a live , heaving mag . picnicker and jogger scream as the reptile twist around a' they foot . the man murmur some word in a ancient language and then without warning ... the snake transform into FIRE . the people run in panic as the snake join into a wall of flame rise into the sky . thick smoke billow upward clouding over the sun . a darkness settles on the city . then it stop . the flame disappear . . we pull up over the smolder ground and all that be leave be a massive pentagram sear into the Earth . for a few brief moment the earth be translucent , we can see through the dirt writhing body of the damned just below the surface . a pretty girl walk up to hin . pretty girl < be she ... take I . the man look into she eye . 32 . man you be not she . but consider yourself take . he kiss she and when she be release , she eye burn red . ext . church of saint JOHN the divine - day jericho head up the front step of the world 's large unfinish Cathedral . int . church of saint JOHN the divine - day jericho enter the cavernous cathedral . stain glass window and votive candle provide dim lighting as he make he way up the pews . he see a Priest hurriedly crossing the row . jericho Excuse mar , Father . father morphy , late sixty , grey beard , pause briefly . father murphy . yes ? . sericho I need to ask you a few question about a Priest who use to work here . father murphy who be you ? jericho my name 's jericho . I be with a private security firn . father murphy if it 's about Thomas , I have already speak to the police . Father Murphy walk away . jericho Thomas be murder . patber murphy = be not surprised . when you surround yourself in fire , you be bound to be consume by the flame . jericho would you happen to know who he might have be involved with ? maybe a eult or a religious group ? 33 . Father Murphy look at jericho , gaug he ... how mch should he say ? father murphy I have not see he in ten year . I can not help you . jericho Father wait . he make a attempt on my life yesterday , and I think he be Planning one on a girl . I be worried whoever kill he may come after we . father murphy the girl ? what girl ? jericho he have picture of we . father murphy ( urgency ) what 's she name ? jericho we do not know yet . why ? father murphy ( murmure ) he find she . Murphy abruptly turn and walk toward the rear of the church . jericho follow . jericho who be Thomas ? what do he know ? Murphy do not respond . sericho ( cont would ) ( grow frustrated ) what be not you tell I ? morphy arrive at a large wooden door and turn to confront jericho . : father murphy be you a religious man ? the question catch jericho by surprise . his silence answer for ° father murphy ( cont would ) if you can not even believe in God , what make you think you can understand he adversary . ( more ) '' —m , 34 . father murphy ( cont would ) ( beat ) good day . Father Murphy push he way through a large wooden door and close it in jericho 's face . jericho adversary ? what adversary ? and the door close . jericho furrew he brow . decide to follow Murphy , he pushes the wooden door open and find himself on a carve stone landing ... circular stair lead down into darkness . jericho tentitively descend . jericho ( cont would ) Father ? he hear voice murmure from below . as he round the corner gee ... int . underground chamber - day a OPEN room the size of a football field . hundred of people im religous garb be gather around desk . some be praying over phone book , some be surveying map of the city . pather Murphy be among they . he seem to be coordinate activity with a number of other Religious leader . jericho take a few more step down and wonder at this hide world . Father Murphy look up and see jericho at the bottom of the . step . he motion to a couple of young men who make they way over to jericho . jericho retreat up the step . _ — int . subway - day the subway light click on and off as the train rattles down the track . christine thumb through the child 's drawing . Bright crayon drawing . a child hold a mother 's hand . a field of sun flower . a cow next to a barn . she stop on the next picture . ugly , angry , Black and red crayon swirl with a crude draw of christine inside . letter be scrawle across the draw ... " welcome to hell " . christine look at the draw , upset and worried . there 's no name on it . a homeless man stop and stare at her , the same one who be praying to the sewer . he close he eye . 35 . int . day care CENTER - day —s the man survey the room . he stoops and pick up the hook & — ladder truck . piece of christine 's hair be still stick to it . he put it to he nose and sniff it . suddenly , he stop and close he eye , then open they . man there you be . int . subway - day the homeless man open he eye . he stand over she , mutter . homeless man christine . he 's on he way . when she hear she name , christine jump back , frighten . the subway stop and as soon as the door open , she flee . ext . STREET - evening christine emerge from the subway , spook . the world look a little more sinister to she . she walk quickly up the — street . shapes move in the shadow . seam to she she 's be watch . she break into a run . int . police station - evening detecive Francis scroll through dmv photo . he stop on one . push in ... the driver 's license picture look like the picture in Thomas 's house . ore . francis gotcha . int . apartment build - night third floor walk up . christine alight the step to the jand . the bulb lining the hallway flicker , dimming and brighten . she quicken she pace , then run to she door . she fumble with she key , finally find the right on . she hear footstep come up the stair . glance over she shoulder . she turn the key in the lock and throw the door open . . 7 36 . int . christine's apartment - night she 's immediately grab by a black clad commando . she scream . struggle . break free . into the arm of another commando . she elbow he , and back away . another pounce on she . she hit he , struggle to get away . christine break free and rush into ... int . bedroom - night +e. slamm the door shut . she grab she phone and dial 911 . tha phone 's dead . sha look around . look out she window . Three story drop . smash ! her door splinter . smash ! it splinter more . she grab she bedside table and throw it through the window , shatter the glass . smash ! the commandos have almost knock the door down . she run for she closet , and close the door shut behind she . smash ! the bedroom door come down and the three comnandos spill into the room . one rush to the window . commando # 1 she must be in the roon . through the slatted door of the closet , christine watch the commandos cover the bathroom and closet door . she reach over and grab a baseball bat . they be right in front of she . she quietly lift the baseball bat as they open the door ... bam ! she swing the bat . but one of the commandos grab it from she while the other two wrestle she to the ground . they each take a limb as they pull she toward the bed . they hold she face - down , spread eagle . she try to twist away , but they be too strong . the leader pull a sack from he bag and pull it over she head . int . apartment build - night third floor walk up . jericho , Francis and Chicago alight the step to the landing . the bulb lining the hallway still flicker , dimming and brighten . Zerie . carcaco be you sure this be the place ? 37 . Francis nod . they knock on christine 's door . dtc . francis miss bethlehen ? they hear a scream from inside . with swift blind speed , jericho kick the door open . they go in weapon draw . they see christine , hand and foot bound , hood , be drag across the carpet by the commando . the commandos dive out of the way and open fire on jericho . jericho duck back in the hallway , pivote back in every moment or so to return fire . the commandos race across christine 's apartment and dive out the window bear the fire escape , leave christine bound on the floor . jericho rush to christine 's aid as Chicago and detective Francis pursue the commandos . jericho pull the sack from christine 's head and remove though blindfold . she begin to scream again . christine who be you ? what 's happen ?! jericho '' it 's okay . we be the good guy . jericho start to untie she . he notice a crest emblazon on the blindfold : stitched in white , a sword with a snake wrapped around it . ext. FIRE escape - niget Chicago chase one of the commandos up the escape as Francis race after the other two , but they hit the street run well ahead of he . by the time he 's on the street , they have disappear . ext . roof - night Chicago chase he commando over the row of black tar roof top . Chicago be inch away frem grab the man , when he leap from the three story roof , do a back flip and land in a gaxrbage dumpster . he spring to he foot and be go into the night . int . christine's apartment - night Francis finish question christine . _ ry 38 . christine I tell you , I have no idea who they be . I do not know what they want . now do you mind tell I what 's go on ! : dtc . francis take it easy . christine take it easy ? you be not just jimped in you own apartment . christine turn away . jericho cross and sit down next to ber . he speak quietly so no one can hear . jericho christine ... listen to I . this attack ... it could be related to a murder at the hospital and a attempt on my life . christine this be not make mar feel any better . . jericho we be try to find a common thread . have you receive any threaten phone calla ? christine no. jericho ( almost whisper ) have you see or hear anything ... out of the ordinary ? christine — _ — like what ? jericho : uike , people stare at you , say od4 thing ? christine ( gasp ) how do you know ? jericho it 's happen to I . 39 . : christine zi be in the day - care center , where I work , and suddenly everything be on fire . the child be burn . then , I find this picture ... christine rise and go to she book bag . she pull out the g@raw of she in hell and show it to jericho . christine ( cont would ) some of my kid have problem , but not like this . rachel hey girl ! christine look up and see she roommate rachel , mid - twenty , accompany by a officer . Rachel give she a big hug . rachel ( cont would ) they tell I what happen . be you okay ? christine not really . this be my roommate , > Rachel . jericho. detective Francis and ... I forget . chicago n Chicago . good to meet ya . rachel you all cop ? christine Rachel love cop . ext . corridor - night cop push by jericho and Chicago . jericho call guy , tell he to fire up the van . chicago pull surveillance ? be not that overkill ? she 's get police protection . jericho not good enough . do I a favor , go to the library ... cy 40 . chicago udibrary ? hello . do you know what tine it be ? jericho = do not care . find I a book on medieval heraldry . jeriche pull the blindfold out of he pocket and examine it . CUT to : ibt . christine's apartment - night jericho study the apartment as christine give rachel a goodnight hug . christine you sure you want to stay hero tonight ? I seem to be attract - trouble . - rachel with all this manpower ? you guy need anything , I be right in here . Rachel check out jericho . rachel ( cont no ) goodnight jericho . sericeo leck you door . Rachel mouth to christine . '' he 's gorgeous . " christine roll she eye at she . ceristine ( firmly ) '' Rachel . Rachel enter she bedroom and close the door behind she . ext . STREET - night a black vaw 4s park on the curb . Inside ... tar. vay - High -tech surveillance . video monitor . Chicago hit a bunch of switch . various angle of christine and Rachel 's apartment appear on the screen . 7 . x 41 . okay , we be hot . Chicago can see christine and jeriche in the live room of the apartment . in the monitor - sericho ( into walkie- talkie ) secure the perimeter and give I a roll record . Chicago hit another set of button . chicago copy . perimeter be armed and active . nothing get close without . we know . int . christine's apartment - night jericho head toward the front door , open it . christine stop hin . ceristine where be you go ? ane jericho down to the van . we will be right downstairs and you have a policeman just outside the door . christine I hate to sound like a wimp , and I swear to God I be not hit on you , but I would feel a lot better if you stay here . jericho nod , close the door and lock it . ccut to : ext . STREET - night the man peer at the Black Van from a dark alley across the street . a homeless man come over to cur man . homeless man hey buddy , not here . this be ny alley . the man turn and take the homeless man around he neck and whisper to he in a low guttural tongue . the man release '' ~— , he and the homeless man wander away in a daze , tear stream out of he burn red eye . . 42 . homeless man ( cont would ) I know it . I know the end be near . int . christine's apartment - night christine pour a cup of coffee and hand it to jericho . jericho thanks . the black blindfold be spread out on the kitchen table . jericho pour over a book of medieval heraldry . christine sit down across from hin . christine you say you would see thing . can you tell I what ? jericho look up at the surveillance equipment . jericho I would vather not . christine gotcha . be do this long ? jericho ( protect pecple ? ceristine yeah . sericho about fifteen year . christine I have never do anything for more than six month . I sort of like what _— Z be do now , but ... I have always have this feel like there 's something I be suppose to be do and I have not quite hit on it yet . jericho you will find it . it just take time . int . van - niget Chicago and guy have trouble stay awake . a shadow pass one of the window . neither of they notice . 43. ext . STREET - night - a dark alley . the man , mostly in shadow , eye the apartment window and then the black van and police car . the man turn toward the alley wall and unzip he pants . after a beat , a stream of piss -splashes off the wall . we follow as it trickle down the alleyway and into the street . it flow until it puddle up underneath the van . int . christine's apartment - night jericho turn a few more page , then stop . he 's find what he 's look for . the Herald . a black background with a white sword , the image of the snake wrap around it . christine that 's it ! bis finger run over to the text beneath it . jericho they be a sub-herald of the templar fnight of St. John ... consider themselves God 's Warrior ... jericho stop read out loud . - ceristine what ? jericho they claim the Devil would return to Earth and devour all man 's soul , even the righteous . see the satanic prophesies , end of day . christine the people who try to kidnap I be Devil pper ? jericho actually , no . they call thamselvos the Army of good . but it say here they disband in 1375 . christine I do not believe this . what would they want with I ? I mean , I be nobody special . jericho that 's what we be try to find out . be a 4 . ext . STREET - night the man finish pissing and zip up . he casually pull out a cigarette , stick it in he mouth . once again the cigarette light on its own . turn back and drop he cigarette into the urine stream . it ignite like gasoline , quickly burn toward the van . int . van - night Chicago sniff . chicago bey ... you smell something ? guy what ? chicago gasoline ? Chicago cross to the rear of the van , open the door and ... boom ! int . christine's apartment - niget jericho bolt up from the Kitchen table . he rush to the window just in time to see the flaming van land on top of the police car in a ball of fire . jericho get down ! get down ! christine drop to the ground . the man walk through the burn fire and to the building . he stop briefly over Chicago 's body , face down on the cement . he stoops and touch Chicago on the neck . no movement . he rise and head into the building . int . christine's apartment - night jericho take christine by the hand . jericho come on . as they run to the front door ... 4s. christine ob my God ! wait ! Rachel ! christine break free from jericho and race to Rachel 's room . the bedroom door fling open . christine ( cont would ) Rachel , wa have get to go . Rachel grab christine 's arm . rachel no. wait . csristine - be you insane ? rachel be 's come . christine back away , but Rachel hold onto she arn . christine Rachel , let go . you be bruise I . Rachel have grab christine 's other wrist . she pull she dato the middle of the apartment . rachel finally , Chris . after all this year , watch and wait , he 's finally come . jericho tet she go ! jericho grab Rachel 's arm to pull she finger from christine 's wrist . christine , confuse , twist away . Rachel growl and claw at jericho . but he frees christine . they rush toward the decor . rachel ( demon voice ) bot Rachel fly across the room and slam into the door bare they way . her eye roll back in she head . her voice deepen . rachel ( cont would ; demon voice ) you can not leave . jericho watch we . jericho grab Rachel and wrestle she out of the way . Rachel begin to tremble , as if in a rage . her eye glow with fire . -_ ~ 46 . scale break through she skin and talon emerge from she hand . rachel ( demon voice ) you can not take she . and now the beast tower over they , like seme monstrous alien . it turn toward christine . rachel ( cont would ; demon voice ) fporsake the protector and give yourself to he ! he will give you eternity . jericho pull out he sidearm . the demon strike hin , send he fly across the room . the Beast move toward christine . she back away , cower . it recoil to strike at she , but as it do , jericho fire , several time . the beast scream the scream of a woman , then fall . int . corridor - night the elevator open and the man walk down the corridor toward Rachel 's deor , and just as he get there ... it open . Rachel fall into the hallway , cover in blood . the man step over she and enter the apartment . no sign of jericho or christine . the man sniff the air ... he follow thea scent back into the hallway . sniff again . shake he bead and punch the wall . a hole shatter in the plaster . he hear siren in the background . ext . STREET - night sericho and christine rush out into the street . christine tell I you see that . tericho = see it . but I do not believe it ... and neither will anyone else . 47 . they be almost hit by a police cruiser scream down the road . jericho wave he arm , and the cruiser skid to a halt . ext . ceristine's apartment build - niget ambulance and police car surround the still burn van and police cruiser as FIRE fighter try to put out the flame . the man stand watch . nearby a cop key he mike . cop negative , negative . only thing upstairs be a dead body . int. precinct station - night christine sit by a desk as a cop type up she report . she leok around nervously . all the other suspect seem to be stare at she . most of they have red eye . a hooker chew she own flesh and leer at she , blow she a kiss . she close she eye . ext . christine's apartment build - night the man close he eye , then open they . he turn away from a the wreckage . he 's see she . int . precinct station - night the hooker open she eye . christine stop stare at I ! christine turn away . | the hooker glance at the susinessman in handcuffs . smile . al the table we see she arm strain . her handcuffs snap tnt . police station , interrogation room - night ' nypd cinder block chic . bolt down table and chair . jericho what about Chicago ? orc . francis d.o.a . '' jericho and upstairs ? he shake 48 . dtc . francis jer ... there wag no monster . only a dead girl shot five time ... by you gun . . jericho I know what I see . dtc . francis take , I have know you , what ? twelve year ? but if you be I , would you believe that story ? he head . he 's a honest man . jericho no . dtc . francis you tell I what 's more logical ? a man , on edge , weapon draw , be startle by a girl and accidentally pop she , or that the law of physics ehange and that girl become some kind of monster ? jericho - she see it too . dtc . francis we call up the record on the girl , you know . look like death be she Francis toss she file onto the desk in front of hin . dre. francis ( cont would ) she 's have four boyfriend die on she in six year . her parent die when she be 10 . jericho thumb through the file . jericho car accident , od , plane crash and suicide . dt. francis she a reguiar Dr. kevorkian . listen , I be sorry , jer . Francis take out a pair of handcuffs and slap they on jericho 's wrist . 49 . dtc . francis ( cont would ) I do not like have to do this , but zi gotta hold you . bam ! bam ! gunshot outside the door follow by a loud commotion . ext . corridor ~ night cop run down the hallway with they billy club out . Francis stop one of then . francis what 's go on ! cop riot . francis riot ? Francis follow the cop . jericho be up and after he , still cuffed . int . police station - night 's = a ring of cop surround christine swinging they club as a dozen suspect try tc break through they rank . individual brawl break off the main melee as cop and criminal square off . the hooker and the businessman manage to grab christine and pull she toward the door . the hooker wave a gun , fend off cop . jericho christine ! jericho see she across the crowded precinct floor . he try to go to she , but he 's attack . int . police station , reception - night the man push he way past sickos and psychos toward the front desk . he walk past the desk sergeant . desk sergeant hey ! you can not go back there . the man do not break stride . the desk sergeant follow . grab he by the shoulder . the man turn and stare into the desk sergeant 's eyo . ~ 7 : 50. man do they know you like little boy , sergeant ? the sergeant back away . frightened . tre man walk down the corridor , sniff as if he 's catch @ scent . int . police station - night hand cuffed together , jericho fight off a sea of attacker and bull he way acrosrg the roo . christine jericho ! she struggle against she attacker , frees herself , only to be tackle again . jericho fight like a man possess , toss body out of the way , suffer blow from billy club . the hooker spot he and fire several time , jericho dive behind a desk . he grab a desk lamp and throw it at the hooker . as she duck , he leap , slamm into she and knock the gun from she hand . the businessman grab he , but jericho smashes he palm against the bridge of the man 's nose , shatter it . jericho grab a gun . but suddenly ... everything become quiet . everyone stop fight . they all turn slowly and see the man . most of they eye hin like dog stare at they master . as the man walk , he touch they outstretch hand . one cop step in front of bin , but the man touch he and the cop step away . the man find christine half -hide bebind jericho at the opposite end of the large room . jericho 's get the gun levele at man . an hello christine . christine 's face flicker with a dull red light . the man calmly walk towards jericho and christine . he reach out he arm as if to embrace he long lose love . man ( cont would ) christine , there 's nothing to fear . christine , entrance , move from behind jericho and reach out towards the man . jericho push down she arm and block ber with he body . 51 . jericho , do not let he touch you . man I be what you have be wait for , christine . he can not keep you safe , but I can . the man be get closer . jericho wave he gun at the man . jericho stay back . christine let I go . then this will be over . he will not hurt I . . jericho you be wrong . jericho drop the gun , grab christine and throw he body back ... through the precinct window . ext . alley - night . =~ jericho shield christine as he explode through the glass , fall half a story to the concrete . he 's tuck so the two of they roll when they hit the ground . he push christine to she foot . she see he 's normal again . jericho runt christine look around as though she 's just come to . he propel she forward , struggle up after she . jericho ( cont would ) run ! they do . _ int . police station - niget the man look straight at Francis . unspeakable horror , than dneredible calm pass over he face . dtc . francis ( to he man ) alert all unit . I want they bring back alive . : the man nod in praise . — — —. ext . central park - night running full speed . jericho pull christine into Central Park . safely away from everybody , he grab she and hide she deneath a underpass . siren scream through the night . christine it 's like a nightmare . jericho maybe when the sun come up , we will find out it be . christine I want to go to he . I have this intense , overwhelming animal attraction for he but at the same time , there 's a part of I that be totally repulse . who be he , jericho ? sericho I do not even want to guess . but until we find out , we be go to keep you as far from he as we can . cbristine I hardly know you and my life 's in you hand . jericho I be use to it . christine I be not use to trust anyone . it 's nice . in the morning , if we do wake up and none of this have happen , I be gonna look for you . no time to contemplate that one . just then a man emerge from the darkness of the park . he raise he arm , point at christine and scream . other man and woman emerge from dark alley , lurching toward christine and jericho like the walk dead . they too begin '' to scream . point at she . jericho grab she arm as this circle of lose soul close in on they . the scream mass rush after they as the two of they rush into the darkness . the man walk along the outer edge of Central Park . he hear a chorus of scream in the distance . he close he eye and listen . then turn into the park . 53 . ext . central park - night -_ ~ jericho and christine push through the underbrush . foot scurry about . people run all around thea . jericho and christine emerge in a small clear . blank face walk toward they , point and scream . christine what be they ? jericho Z do not know . jericho and christine duck back into the brush and run . Tree branch seem to reach cut , grab at they . another clearing - they emerge ... but the damme face be still there . body shuffle toward then . they duck back into a wood pathway and run . they push through more bush and emerge onto the Park drive . caught in headlight . tire screech . a police car alide to a halt , broadside jericho and christine . enough force to knock they on they ass , but not enough to do serious damage . they be hit by a spotlight . -_ two cop emarge , immediately draw gun . cop hand ! let I see you hand ! jericho and christine shade they eye and raise they be hand . jericho 's still wear the cuff from the Station . : cop ( cont would ) face down on the ground . sericho ( to christine ) do it . the two have no choice but to comply . dust then , they hear the howl and see the shadow come out of the darkness . the cop back away frem jericho and shine he spotlight . see the howler . cor what the bell be this ? the howler keep come . behind they be the man. _ =) 54 . cop ( cont would ) you be interfere with a police action . stay back ! stay back ! the howler keep come . the cop fire a warning shot in the air . the howler keep come . christine and jericho tense . jericho tilt he head slightly motion toward the police car . christine nod . the cop , nervous , fire a second warning shot . and still they keep come . tire squeal . the cop whip around and see they police cruiser haul ass away , christine in the driver 's seat . when they turn back around , , they come face to face with the man , who touch they both . pind she . the howler disperse as the sky crack with lightnizg . int . police car - night christine pull out of the Park . jericho hit the glove compartment open and pull out a set of cuff keys . he unlock himself . christine where to ? jericho you know 8t. joh n's ? ceristing yeah , but let I warn you , I hate . cor to : close on : a wooden door . large fist bang . yather murphy open the dcor . see jericho and christine . father murphy be she the girl ? jericho yes. 5s . father murphy quickly then . he pull they in and shut the door behind they . siren wail in the background . int . church of saint JOHN the divine - day father morphy . this way . do anyone see you come ? jericho I do not think so . father murphy then we should be safe . Father Murphy signal to two other priest . they step in and guard the door . pather murphy ( cont would ) zon do the right thing bring she 8 . as they cross the church , jericho look into the face of the frighten people who have com to pray . jericho Father , can you tell we what 's go on ? father murphy I can , but it will be almost impossible for you to believe . Murphy lead they to through the wooden decor and down the circular staircase . wt . underground chamber ~ night it lock like a creepy version of a newsroom , with dozen of people _ reming around with update . he introduce himself to Chris e father morphy I be Father Murphy . christine christine bethlehen . father murphy you will excuse the chaos , but some very scary shit be go on right now . ! christine we know . we have see it . they be join by father peter , a priest in he mid-thirty . father peter it 's spread like a cancer . we be lose people all over the city . father murphy not a cancer ... it 's a spider web spread to catch it 's fly . jericho what be ? father murphy the evil . the more soul he take the stronger he get . ext . STREET - night various shot - as the red eyed minion walk . not just homeless , but well - dress stockbroker and lawyer . just like you and I , except for the dull red in they constantly shifting eye . : enter bar , drift into subways , get into fight , shoot heroin , fuck in the dark shadow of the street . Father Murphy lay a leather bound manuscript down on a worktable . father murpey the satanic prophecies . the original scroll be write over seven thousand year ago , and discover by Joseph of arimathea , when he be guardian of the Holy grail . yather Murphy open up the five hundred year old book . the one from the open vatican scene . father peter as you can see , they chronicle the end of day . the come of the age of darkness . the age of darkness . you mean judgement Day . father peter -— no. something far worse . . pather murphy on judgement Day , the righteous be save . they ascend to heaven . but at the end of day there be no galvation , only a new hell bring to Earth by the Devil himself . jericho I nve never hear of it . father murphy fhe church be not anxious for people to know that in some scripture , even the righteous can be damned . int . time square - night a craze prophet wave the Bible around talk to anybody who might listen . prophet a day will come , sinner , that you will be judge . and Jesus shall know - you sin . a couple of red-ey frat boy sidle up to either side of he . the Prophet back away . the frat boy pounce and begin beat on the Prophet . a few pedestrian try to break up the fight . suddenly more people become involved . brick sail ... throw into glass storefront . people begin looting . it 's a out and out riot . in a matter of second , Times Square be rioting . int . underground chamber - night Father Murphy turn the page of the antique manuscript ... illuminate with different hand - paint illustration of man , through the age , battle a great beast with a glowing sword . yather murpey accord to the prophecy , Satan can not be imprison forever . once a millennium , through the alignment of Heaven and Earth , he be freed from - he prison . jericho bisten , I have see thing I can not explain . but Satan ? no. ry they lock 's 8 . father murphy the devil 's great trick be to convince the world he do not exist . the modern age have all but kill he . but nullus diablus , aullus redemptor . christine what do that mean ? father murphy i£ you have no devil , then there be no reedemer . if you deny the Devil , you deny God . christine Father , what doas he want ? father murphy in the three day before the New Year , if the Dark angel can carry he choose mortal bride back across Hell 's threshold , the wall between hell and earth will fall . jericho woy three day ? father murphy yor the holy trinity . christine the woman ... how be she choose ? father nurphy by he legion of follower . the sign indicate she be bear dune ¢6th , 1975 . at christine . she quietly take a seat and nod . father murphy ( cont would ) accord to the prophecy , he will join with she , and they half - mortal son will reign over a new here on earth . all soul , even the righteous will be damned . — ceristine Hell on Earth . jericho even if what you be say be true , surely God would not allow that . 59 . father murphy God do not say he will save we , jericho . he say we will save ourselves . . father peter he give we free will . evil be not he battle . it 's ours . jericho we have be around for thousand of year . we have yet to see Heil on Earth . father murphy the be write that a protector will always come forth , a righteous warrior , to keep the girl from harm . jericho look at the illustration in the book . jericho and how do they defeat the Devil ... with a sword ? pather peter ie be not just a sword , it 's a metaphor for faith . christine and who be the protector ? yather murphy God only know . christine ( to jericho ) maybe it 's you . Father Peters shake he head . father peter the protector be a man of great faith ana virtue . no offense , but I do not think he 's a candidate . jericho this be a fairy tale , christine . something 's go on , but the Devil ds not walk the earth . christine ' X feel he , jericho . I feel hin . vy 60 . sericeo I know you believe . but it be not real . there 's some other explanation . father peter jericho , as sure as God be in heaven , the Devil be real . and if Thomas find this woman , she might very well be the one he 's come for . jericho he have picture of I tco . father murphy the vatican send Thomas because he be sensitive to certain spiritual matter . he could see thing other could not . I do not know what role you play , if any , but my guess be - you have already play it by bring she here . we will protect she now . jericho do you have weapon ? father murphy of course not . this be a church . sericho look at christine . jericho wait here for I . he head out the decor . ext . time square - dawn the sun be a mall red blot on the gather cloud of fire . in Times Square we can see the aftermath of a riot . Burning Cars . half naked people scurry across the street . occasional gumplay . we push in on the giant dianond vision screen . mewscaster ( v.0 ) eee what some psychiatrist be describe as a mass delusion , or mob mentality , but the devastation be unreal ... on the screen we see a newscast video of Manhattan at night . the image be break . shift . behind the reporter , hundred ef people break shop window and loot . pedestrian be be aten . 61 . newscaster ( t.v. ) eee 8 thousand of people , roam the street , act without conscience . the Mayor of New York have this to say . the screen cut to the mayor' PRESS room - mayor ( t.v. ) we be ask all New yorker to please stay calm and stay inside while we attempt to control the situation . reporter ( t.v. ) siz , be be true you have just meet with the archbishop ? mayor ( t.v. } yes , and we be confident that the good people of this city will help we through this crisis . reporter ( t.v. ) siz . the river boil and the sky ... be we see the sign of the apocalypse ? obviously disturb , the Mayor step down . mayor ( t.v . ) the police be cut , and we will get this situation under control . until then I would urge everyone to stay ealn . the screen cut back to the newscaster . a craze man wander through the square and look up at the @iamond vision . craze nan ( t.v. ) tt n's the end of the world , man . ai not it cool . a cop walk down the alley behind jericho 's apartment building , past a homeless drifter rummage through the trash . after the cop have pass , the homeless man turn around . it 's jericho , dress in rag . when the cop turn the far alley corner , jericho check leave and right . all clear . he lean down and pull up a grate , drop down into a - ~ wdndow well that look in on the laundry recom . __ '' _ 62 . int . laundry room = day jericho lever the window up and slip inside the roon . int . hallway - day he peer down the hallway . there 's a cop wait outside he door . he slip back around the corner . ext . church of saint JOHN the divine ~- day Black shadow scurry across the buttress of the Cathedral . int . church of saint JOHN the divine - day more faithful have gather in the church to pray . christine sit in a pew in front of the deminate figure of Christ . she 's badly shake . father murphy some thing be beyond reason . some thing you just have to accept . christine what will happen to I , Father ? Father Murphy reach under he collar and pull out a necklace chain with a cross on it . father murphy I have have this since my confirmation . it 's always keep I safe . he offer it to she . christi think it will help ? father murphy you never know . as it near she , the metal begin to glow bright red . rather Murphy pull it away . the metal calm . bring it in close to she . it glow again . christine Z guess even God can not help I now . int . hallway - day jericho lean around the corner and see a team of cop come out of hig apartment , lead by detective Francis . Francis lock the door and give instruction to he man as the team head to the elevator . a moment later the hallway be empty . jericho head toward he fzvont door , fumble with he key . he open the door and slip into the apartment . int . jericho' penthouse - day jericho move rapidly , crossing to he closet . he run he hand along the rail , hit a trip button . a small trap door pop open . he pull a bag out of he closet . he unzip it . Inside be several high caliber hand gun . he grab a box of clip and dump they into the bag . he feel around on the shelf above he and pull down a small biack bag . man where do you take the girl ? jericho whip around , gun in he hand . jericho stay where you be . jericho hold he gun level at the man . the man sniff . man I can smell she on you . where be she ? jericho somewhere safe . somewhere where she will not be find . the man stroll to the bureau and pick up the ola photograph of jericho 's wife and son . man Nice , family ... too bad God take they . I know the emptiness you feel , to lose that kind of love . still eat you up inside , do not it ? woman' voice ( 0.s. ) jericho ? the voice coty from the other room . and another lifetine . woman' voice ( cont would ; 0.s. ) jericho , I be in here . of 64 . a pair of hand grab he and turn he into ... a kiss . jericho pull away and see emily , he wife . she 's dress all in white and look angelic . jericho Emily ? Emily ... be that you ? the room be different now . warmer , more invite . Art on the wall , oriental rug on the floor . a fire in the fire place . jericho ( cont would ) what sort of trick be this . man no trick . it 's really she . emily I be so happy you be home . I miss you so much . jericho Emily ? jericho see he son , david , . lie asleep on the couch . jericho ( cont would ) David ... he cross to he . kneel . brushes the hair back on he face . jericho ( cont would ) he 's just how I remember hin . he blink awake . david ( sleepy ) man see how easy it be to make the pain go away . jericho hug he son . holding he like there 's no tomorrow . jericho why be you do this ? man to show you what it could be like . remember you life before , full of love , and music and flavor ? I can . give it back to you . 65 . baily touch jericho on the shoulder , rub they softly . — man ( cont no ) all that night lie in the dark try to remember what she touch feel like . and she voice , you try so hard to remember , but could not . emily it 's gonna be okay now , jer . it 's gonna be alright . man remember the smell of you son 's bair , the first time he catch a football . all this thing you have lock away ... and here they be , yours for the take . jericho look around the room . his house ... he home . yes , home . for the first time in fifteen year it feel like home . man ( cont would ) zt can give it all back to you . you will not miss a single moment . sericho - until the end of day . =~ man Beyond that . I can give it all to you . jericho it 's not real . man be a dream real if you never wake up ? ( beat ) you have give so mich for so many year . now it 's tine to take . yorget the world , jericho , think about yourself . all you have to do be tell I where she be . jericho what 's go to happen to she ? man do it matter ? she 's nobody to you . you do not even know she . jericho look into enily 's eye . man ( cont would ) you time be run out . tell I . . -_ 66. jericho this be not what happen ? they should not be here . man why not ? who would deny you this ? dericho take he arm from Emily . man ( cont no ) just tell I where she be . a long beat . jericho zi have to protect she . the room darken . Emily and David begin to fade . sericho ( cont no ) Emily ... David ... memory bit - ban ! a bullet hit Emily in the chest . emily oh god. jericho ! a mich young jericho dive for she . bam ! David fall , cover in blood . David look up at jeriche ... jericho open he eye . his apartment be back to the way it be . man I can be you best friend , jericho , oz you worst nightmare . help I and I all give you all that you desire . — jericho turn to face the man . ericho mowe . . man very well . i°11 ask you once more , and then I will get violent . where 's the girl ? jericho go to hell . man sometimes hell come to you . the man move swiftly , grab jericho by the throat and lift he off the ground . this guy be unbelievably strong . 67 . man ( cont would ) '' she 's mine . she 's always be mine . jeriche dangle a foot off the ground . the man slan jericho against the glass , press he face up against it . man ( cont would ) leok down . see they . see the little ant . look at they . that 's all you be to I . now tell I , where 's the girl ? the man smashes he against the glass . it crack . he slam he again , and a webwork of crack spread . exterior shot - jericho bounce off the window . shard of glass buckle out and rain down on the street , far , far , far below . we see that we be a hundred storey up . ' Interior - the glass begin to give in shard as the man slam jericho against it . jericho have no choice but to OPEN FIRE at the man with he a glock 17 . the bullet explode into the man . huge exit hole rip through he flesh spew not blood , but molten FIRE . C the man reel back , wounded , and then regains he balance and knock the gun from jericho . man ( cont would ) do you know who I be ? do you know my power ? : jericho Z be not afraid of you . -_ man you should be . with a final burst of power , the man smashes jericho against the window , shatter it completely . he let go of jericho , and jericho fall ... _ coe bis hand reach out ... eee grabbing ... the edge of the window frame with he hand . he cling to the frame , the glass shard cutting into he hand . jericho look down . a 100 story plummet . hanging by a thread . = so 68. jericho try pull himself up , but a boot descend on he blecdy hand . the man look down on he , speak in a caln measure tone . man ( cont would ) it 's a long way down . the man take a piece of glass and press it into jericho 's hand , draw blood . : jericho 's blood slicked hand slip even further . he 's at a dizzying height . jericho 's muscle bulge as he try to position himself into a better grip . man ( cont would ) look down . the man point . jericho look down , all the way down . the street seem to split open and fiery vapor swirl below . jericho look up at the man . man ( cont would ) now look into you heart . you know you can not defeat I . join I . a long beat . jericho can not hold on much longer . man ( cont would ) take my hand and I will give you everything God take away . jericho look down . thinks . then slowly reach he hand up for help . jericho , here . the man extend he hand to jericho . jericho have trouble swinging he free hand up . the man reach out for it , but jericho can not quite bridge the gap . the man reach further cut to he when ... jericho pull himself up with just the one hand grab the man by the free arm and ... pull he out the window the man tumble from the window and plummet toward earth . faster and faster . the man roar a supernatural roar and slam into the concrete at two hundre mile a hour . 69 . the asphalt shatter . the ground rumble with intensity of a EARTHQUAKE . all the nearby window explode from the force of the impact . jericho , hand slicked with blood , use all he strength to pull himself up and through the window . he fall back into the room and look out tha window . there 's a crater in the middle of the street . as if a metzor have strike . nothing could survive the fall . int . jericho' penthouse - day jericho stagger to the kitchen , drip blood from he hand . he wash they under the faucet . jericho stagger to the kitchen and wash he hand in the sink . then wrap rag around then . boom boom boom . he hear a pound at the door . jericho recover he glock and check the peephole . he 's shocked by what he see . he pull open the door , partway , revealing ... a , chicago ... bruise and batter and look like he 's sport a monster hang -over . Chicago try to push he way in , but the chain be on . chicago open the door , man . I need some help . jericho you be dead . chicago bo , but I be gonna be if you do not open thse door . jericho raise he gun . jericho I be not that stupid . jericho keep he gun point at Chicago . ceicago . you think I be one of that whack job run crazy out there ? look , man . I be outside the van when it blow . they take I to the hospital and they -_ try to kill I . ( more ) 70 . chicago ( cont would ) I yarely get away , and now the whole city be freak ! I need you help . jericho close the door . mouth " shit " to himself , then undoe the chain and open the door again . he pull Chicago inside , keep the gun to he head . sericho I can not trust you . chicago do not kill I , man . I will go . I will leave . jericho shove Chicago back and raise the gun . jericho I just need to know . chicago you be whacked , man . jericho fire . the bullet skim the surface of Chicago 's arn . blood spurt out . jericho - ob Jesus , I be sorry . I be sorry . I think you be one of then . Chicago wince in pain . chicago you shot I . I can not believe you shot I . jericho holster he gun and cross to Chicago . jericho Im it bad ? chicago skim I , but it hurt . jericho freeze . he feel some . he jericho £ . thing cross to the window ext . STREET - day the man lie dead at the bottom of the pit . a rz : of Li surround it . ing poopie then we see he finger twitch . then he hand . he push himself up . dust himself off . crack he neck . 71 . he lock all the way up at the dizzying distance he fall . he climb up out of the pit . a tourist take picture with he camera . tourist Hell of a fall there , mister . man I have have worse . int . jericho' penthouse ~ day jericho see the crowd part for the man . he back away from the window . jericho come on . we can not stay here . chicago damn straight . I be move to poughkeepsie . shit like this do not happen in poughkipsee . jericho gather up he gun . chicago ( cont would ) where be you go ? ext . stairway - day jericho and Chicago head down the stairwell . chicago the girl ? screw the girl , man . we have get to get out of town . the whole city 's go mad ! jericho Z can not leave without she . chicago like hell you can not . who 's this girl anyway ? what 's so special about she ? jericho Z can not explain it . chicago okay , listen , we leave town together . you get she , I will get the secure car . dust tell I where to meet you . jericho stop . look at Chicago . look at he bleed arm . look into he clear oye . 72 . jericho St. John the Divine in forty minute . ceicago St. John the Divine . int . church - day dozen more people have enter the Church , and be praying . several priesta stand vigilant watch around christine . christine what 's take he so long ? pather murphy this be a House of God . we be safe here . : shadows suddenly move all around they as dark figure drop from the rafter of the roof , accelerate down rope toward the ground . half dozen of they , fleeting shadow . people scream , panicked . move quickly , the shadow pounce on Father Murphy and christine . piano wire go around Murphy 's neck , another around christine 's . she try to scream , but she cry be muffied . Black glove , stitched with the cross . modern day ght . sub-machine gun burst forth , cover the assemble prayer . dark figure you can not protect she , Father . she 's already lose . the old cardinal , from the earlier vatican scen , and the leader of this small band of commando , push back hia hood . father murpey who be you ? what do you want ? the Old cardinal withdraw a silver dagger , shape very much like the cross . old cardinal ( to christine ) prepare yourself . christine fight she bond . father murphy yor what ? prepare herself for what ? 73 . old cardinal -_ if mankind be to be save , we must , prevent the union from take place . she must be sacrifice before the altar of we Lord . ext . alley - day jericho hand Chicago he gun . jericho be careful . jericho head down the alley . Chicago look at the gun , look at jericho and then slide the piece into he waistband . chicago you too . Chicago trot down the alley . fill with urgency . , cur to : ext . STREET - day Chicago press through a throng of pecple up to the man. om chicago he 's hold she in a church . st. John the Divine . int . church of saint JOHN the divine - day pour Knights each hold down one of christine 's limb . one knight restrain Father Murphy , while the cardinal dip the gagger in the holy water . he hold the dagger over christine 's breast . she struggle , toss and turn against she captor . the gather refugee in the church cower away . on the day - we see the manuscript from the open scene . the cardinal read from the Latin text . old cardinal in take life , we restore life , in sacrifice cur soul we save soul . fall angel , Lord of darkness . get thee behind I : for it be write , thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and he only shall thouv serve . . = he raise the dagger . . 74 . old cardinal ( cont would ) May God forgive we . all other amen . the Old cardinal swing the dagger down . jericho God may forgive you , but I will not . the Old cardinal hesitates just a moment . bam . the dagger blade shatter from the force of a bullet round from jericho 's gun . jericho ( cont would ) get away from she . the cardinal try to stab christine with the break blade . jericho fire again . this time , he shoot a hole in the Old cardinal 's hand . jericho , hold a gun in either hand , walk down the length of the church . the Old cardinal do not move . blood drip off he finger old cardinal be you she protector ? jericho step aside . old cardinal you have already fail . from beneath they cloak , the Knights level they automatic weapon at jericho . jericho dive for cover as the Knights open fire . bullet chew up the wooden pews . father murphy yor godsake . this be a church . you be desecrate it ! two of the Knights trot down the aisle , gun levele . they halt by the pew jericho dove behind . knight # 1 he 's go . crack . behind the old cardinal , two of he comrade fall quickly as jericho move with lightning blow to they head . by the time the Old cardinal react , there be a gun point right at he temple . the knight hold Father Murphy realize there be a gun to bis head , also . both of they be hold by jericho . the unarm cardinal glance at the gun barrel against he head . jericho what do you want with the girl ? old cardinal if she be slain , he hope of create a kingdom of hell on earth will die with she . . jericho you would sacrifice the lamb to defeat the lion ? old cardinal it be God 's will . father nurphy no . it be you will . this can only lead to we destruction . old cardinal he can not be defeat . it 's the only way to win . old cardinal ( cont would ) yor a thousand year we have swear ourselves to this . we be not afraid to eo . jericho and I be not afraid to kill you . Murphy shudder . something just go through I . icy , awful . christine he 's come . a beat then ... rage as the man walk in . old cardinal God help we . we be too late . the o14 cardinal cross himself . 7s . the front door of the church blow open . outside a tempest — , - ~ i) 76 . man I have come for my wife . Father Murphy hold forth he crucifix in defense . man ( cont would ) save that for you exorciam , Father , you can not drive I out of myself . the crucifix burst into flame . father murphy this be the house of the Lord we God . you be not welcome here . the man look around with disdain , then ... the stained glass window blow out in a rain of glass . all the candle flair , burn intensely . the buttress shake and start to crumble . chunks of granite collapse from the arch and a wall of FIRE rise behind hin . the gather faithful look on in terror . they rush out the church door try to get to safety . man christine ... he hold he hand out for she . christine rise . sho seem almost in a trance . turn toward he . jericho christine ... no ! christine you do not understand . I feel he daside I . I need hin . old cardinal protect the girl ! the church shake violently , collapse . jericho grab christine and pull she toward the back door . the commandos turn they weapon on the man . knight # 1 por the glory of God ! they cpen fire with automatic burst , bullet hole burst through the man , push he back like the drive rain . he stop and stand perfectly still . then tongue of flame shoot out from he , disembowel the commando . 77 . ext . church - day ~) but you would not know it be day . Dark cloud have gather , tinged with red , blotting out the sun . more lightning flash . jericho and Father Murphy pull christine into the alley as large chunks of stain glass rain down on the two of then . father murphy God help we . it 's he army . but there be hundred of people gather in the darkness . hand reach for they . close in on both side of the alley . jericho pull christine back , but they grab Murphy . he 's swallow by the sea of people . fpather murphy ( cont would ) help I . dear God , help I . jericho pull christine into the Church , all the time hearing the sound of murpby scream as he limb be rip asunder . int . church - day gothic . stone bleed , pews burn . jericho pull christine = through the church . they see the man hover over the , cower cardinal . man a thousand year you have wait for this moment . and you have fail . she will be mine after all . the man bas recover the break silver dagger , imbed the blade into the chest of the cardinal . he cut out the Old cardinal 's heart and hold it , still beat , in he hand . the man bite into the still beat heart . the Old cardinal scream in pain and burst into flame . the Church begin to collapse all around they . jericho pull christine through a door by the rear of the church and into a stairwell . int . stairwell ~ day everything rumble . it 's like try to run down the stair in a earthquake . jericho push through another set of door revealing the underground chamber . the stairwell collapse _behind then . run ! C ) 78. they rush across the chamber as piece of rock and plaster , tumble from the ceiling . they reach a set of door on the far side . jericho try they . lock . ext . new york CITY - STREET the Cathedral collapse into a heap and be swallowed into a pit of FIRE . a crowd gather stare into the pit . int . underground chamber - day the ground shake and rumble . from the stairwell a tongue of fire shoot out at they . a wall of fire roll toward they . they be trap at the end of the chamber . with all he might jericho slam against the door . it give . they tumble through it , just as the tongue of flame reach then . int . sewer - day the fire burst through the doorway , but jericho and christine be out of its path . they hear the mighty structure cave in bebind then . then all be quite . jericho take christine by the hand as they struggle through the muck . christine I do not think he could do that to a church . jericho he do . christine you mean you believe ? jericho . he do not give I mich choice . christine uhg that smell . I think I be go to be sick . jericho you will get use to it . christine for how long ? 79 . jericho = as long as we can stay out of sight . if what they say be true , we only have to avoid he until midnight , the New Year . christine New year Eve in the sewer system ? well , anything 's better than Times Square . : the two of they disappear into the sewer . ext . STREET - day prom the rubble of the church , the man emerge and head toward he follower . man find she . int . sewer - day follower drop down from man hole and fan out in the sewer system , carry flashlight , ' torch ... anything they can — muster . y int . ante - chamber - day jericho hoist christine up into a maintenance room off the main sewer , and then pull himself up . christine lean against jericho , exhaust . they be both sweat bucket . christine it 's so hot . must be over a hundred gegree . a jericho we will dehydrate if we stay down here too long . jericho check he gun . * christine y'know , I have always feel like there be some kinda curse on I . do not get too fond of ms , jericho . people I get involved with tend to die . jericho I use to feel that way . . aan 80 . christine do you lose someone close ? * 4a long beat . jericho my wife and son . christine I be sorry . jericho it be a robbery . I could not protect they . all I could do be watch . christine ah , so you do what you do out of guilt . you would make a good Catholic . jericho any faith I have , I lose after my family die . what kind of God allow child to be murder ? christine in my better moment I believe there 's a purpose . still , sometimes I can not help think " why I ? " what do I do to deserve this ? one point five billion woman on the planet and this guy want I . jericho do it ever occur to you , you might be special ? =- christine you spend you life try to convince yourself that you be something special just to make it jericho put a arm around she to comfort she . she rest she head on he chest . christine sigh . christine ( cont would ) I wish I could get he out of my mind , leer at I . wanting I . jericho try not to think about it . * jericho slap a new clip inte he backup Glock . 81 . ceristine maybe you could show I how to use one of that thing . int . sewer - day group of follower make they way down the dark , dank tunnel . they glow red eye peer from they seemingly lifeless face . int . sewer - day christine stare down the barrel of the Glock . jericho 's arm reach around she , he hand surround hers on the grip . jericho you just line they up in the crosshair and squeeze . but be ready for the recoil . first time 's always a little painful until you find the z she squeeze . click . click . click . click . jericho ( cont would ) '' dust like that . be hand she a clip and demonstrate how to slide it in . sericho ( cont would ) and always remember to count you round . you have ten leave . here 's the safety . leave it on till you ... bam ! jericho dive out of the way . sericho ( cont would ) what be you do ? one of the follower fall out of the darkness at jericho 's foot . christine nine leave . jericho look at the hole in the follower 's forehead . jericho Nice shot . _ jericho pull cut he gun , check the tunnel . jericho ( cont would ) come on . there will be more come . 82. int . sewer - day jericho and christine splash through the shallow water . they hear echoe and shout , seemingly surround they . the hound after the fox . up ahead the sewer split at a juncture . jericho wait a minute . jericho study the two path . christine hear the voice and look around . she take aim at the darkness with she gun . christine do it matter ? jericho if we can make it to the westside , we might have a chance of get out of the city . he pick ... jericho ( cont would ) this way . «+. and away they go . bam ! bam ! we see gun - barrel flash in the darkness of the tunnel . jericho and christine emerge a beat later . jericho ( cont would ) wrong way . they head down the other tunnel , the soulless creature behind then . dizzy shot as jericho and christine flee down sewage tunnel , turn leave and right ... down narrow passage way . they hear the shout behind they , see the dull glow of torch and flashlight chase then . christine tumble . jericho run to she side . she 's breathe hard and grip she side . christine I can not keep run . jericho you have to . ceristine Z can not breathe . no air . jericho lift she to she foot . 83. jericho I know it hurt . but you have to keep move . the sound be all around they now . the dull glow light sear . a second set of light appear further up the tunnel . they be cut off . christine you be lucky . they catch you , they will just kill you . jericho look around for option . he see a shaft of light ahead . Problem be , the mob be closer to it than they be . jericho manhole cover . we can make it to the street . ceristine but ... jericho come ont jericho grab she and pull she along the sewer toward the shaft of light and toward the approach mob . somewhere ~ christine find the strength to keep up . ! christine I ... do not ... think ... we be ... gonna ... make ... it . jericho come on ... faster ! faster ! another fifteen yard to the shaft , but the mob be almost beneath it . jericho break out in front of christine . he pull bis gun from its holster . almost there . angry red eye . bam ! bam ! jericho fire a few warning round , drive the mob momentarily back . jericho reach the shaft of light and position himself by a wrought iron ladder run up the side of the sewer . _ christine reach he and he push she up the ladder . jericho ( cont would ) climb ! exhausted , she pull herself up ... hand over hand . jericho scramble up after she . but the mob be right on they . they = jump , grab onto jericho 's leg . he 's pyutied back down , but ' continue climb . people hang off of hin . 84 . they bite into he flesh like rabid dog and tear at he . re kick and hit at then . christine reach the top of the ladder . one hand clutches : the ladder as the other push up on the manhole . christine it 's too heavy . with a sharp elbow , jericho knock the last of the follower off , but more be come . jericho climb up over christine , presing against she . the two of they together push aside the manhole cover . christine wriggle up the ladder and out onto ... ext . STREET - day overhead the skie glow red with fire . the crimson cloud march against the sun , choke off the light . as jericho and christine emerge from below , they see another piece of hell . ahead , a handful of man wear business suit drag a Buddhist monk into the street and dump gasoline on hin . the leader pull out a match , ' laugh . light it . ' bam ! blood erupt on the leader hand . jericho re-ain he gun at the leader head . jericho ( to the monk ) run ! the monk scramble to he foot and take off . christine jericho ! jericho turn they be come out of the ground now . christine keep she gun aim on the hole , while jericho cover the approach businessman . christine ( cont would ) ( mutter ) goddamn hostile takeover . jericho come on . they back away . many of the follower point and scream . jericho and christine break into a run . they pursue . another wall of red eye approach from another direction cut they off . jericho finger he gun . they be surround . 85 . jericho ( cont would ) how many round ? christine not enough . jericho smashes the window of a buick , park curbside . jericho get in ! he unlock the door . christine jump in and slam the door shut , lock it . a moment later the follower be at she window . jericho rip the cowling off the steering wheel . as he attempt to jump the car , hand reach in through the smashed window . jericho fend they off but they get a grip on he and try to pull he from the car . smash ! christine turn . a guy be smash a brick against she window . smash ! the saftey glass pebble but do not give . jericho ( cont would ) christine ... the ignition ... the red - and green wire . christine lean over to the ignition . frantic , and not sure what to do , she pull wire and try to connect then . body choke off all light as the follower crawl all over the vehicle like a swarm of ant . jericho have be pull halfway out of the window now . pight ... struggle to get back inside . smash ! the passenger window shatter and give . tiny shard or. safety glass rain all over christine . hand reach in for vrooom ! - the engine roar to life . christine 's wire it ! the minion unlock the passenger door . jericho ( cont would ) get we cut of here ! christine pull the car into gear and it start to slowly roll . but the minion pull the door open and dive into the car ... _ christine lunge beneath the dash and slam she hand on the accelerator . — + , 86 . swarmed by minion , the vehicle spring to life . tire spin before find they purchase . then the vehicle lurch forward , the follower toss from it as it go . inside the car - christine keep one hand on the gas and one band on jericho 's belt , try to keep he in the car . she 's kick at the other man hang on by the passenger door . outside the car - jericho use the momentum to wrestle the swarm off he . he manage to toss the last person from he . he look up to see ... the car careen toward the edge of a building . hanging halfway out the car , jericho 's about to have he upper body rip off . jericho ( cont would ) christine ! Inside the car , one of the follower leap from the doorway at christine . he land near she and pull himself to she by tug on the steering wheel . outside the car - a split second before jericho 's upper body slam into a building 's edge , the car veer away . jericho clear the building corner by inch . he manage to push himself back inside . - inside the car - jericho slip into the driver 's seat and with one swift punch , he send christine 's attacker fly out of the car . jericho floor it and head the car west , toward the westside highway , pass riotous carnage around he . christine how could everything fall apart so quickly ? jericho it 's New York . lightn explode across the sky . ext . time square - day bonfire everywhere . gang atteck pedestrian , people be beat , a topple bus on f. a group of cop be shoot at a frighten woman . everytine she try to run , they open fire ... pin she down . she mutter prayer under she breath . Im the middle be ... detective Francis . Francis see the buick drive by . he id jericho and the christine . 87 . dore. francis son-of-a-bitch . he wave to the other police officer . they huddle around he . the woman use that moment to make she escape down the alley . none of the cop notice . int . buick - day jericho drive through the obstacle course of body , burn out car , and trash . smash ! they be jarre as they be hit from behind by ... a police cruiser . ext . STREET - day Three police car pull behind the buick . one of they hang on its tail and the other two pull up around then . jericho swing the car back and forth , try to slam the car out of the way . but they squeeze hin . jericho get down ! christine duck . the rear window explode from a shotgun shell . bam . bam . they be slam around again . jericho spot a lamp post up ahead . he jockey ahead of one of the police car and swing he wheel around hard . Metal grind . the cruiser swing over and ... slam into the lamp post . _ the buick bounce off the cruiser and jericho steer it up ento the sidewalk . the cop give chase . the police cruiser shatter pnrming meter after parking meter as they xace after the ° jericho spin back onto the street at the next corner . one of the police car can not keep up . it take the turn too wide and smashes into a flaming car and explode . the last police car pull side - by-side with jericho . jericho glance over to see Francis at the wheel . jericho jockey with he . Francis swing he wheel , smash into the buick . the buick spin out , bounce off the curb and come to a halt in the middle of the street . its engine die . J ( ) jericho try to re-jump the car , crossing the ignition wire . meanwhile , Francis double back in he cruiser , eyeing the buick which sit dead in the road like a lame duck . . Francis floor it . he go to ram the buick . christine see he come . christine jericho ! jericho leok up and see the police car bear down on they . he return to the wire . just as the cop car be about to hit then ... the buick 's engine spring to life . jericho slam on the gas . the buick lurch forward . the Police cruiser hit the curb , and bounce onto the sidewalk . Francis spin the wheel . the cop car skid , hit the side of a building and accelerate after the buick . the buick race down the dark street , with the police cruiser follow . ext . westside highway - day jericho steer the car up the onramp . he have to slam on he break to avoid hit a mass of New yorker racing down the parkway , carry they child and clutching they meager belonging . a stream of car sit silently , abandon hour ago in a massive traffic jam . christine the city ... everybody 's leave . jericho get out of the car . christine and jericho bail . a moment later , Francis come barrel up the onramp and slam into the empty buick . Francis pull himself from he deploy airbag and step out of the wreck police cruiser . he hold a 12 gauge shotgun and scout for christine and jericho . christine step out from behind the car . christine look for I ? as Francis turn around jericho pop up behind he and fire several round . Francis go down . 89 . jericho pick up the 12 gauge . look back at the skyline of the city , they see New York be awasb in blood and flame . jericho keep go ... jericho look north to the George Washington Bridge ... jericho ( cont would ) - it 's another mile to the bridge . christine we can make it . a father and son run by they . the six year - old boy stumble and be almost trample by the crowd . jericho stoops to pick he up , but the father snatch the boy away . 5on . ( through tear ) daddy ... why be we run ? dad God have abandon we . the two push on . dozen of other race by . jericho come onl christine and jericho join the trail of refugee . but the earth begin to rumble . christine look ... there ... in the distance the George Washington bridge sway and buckle . we can see it 's teening with thousand of people flee the city . the water below bubbles , boil and roiling . steam rise off its surface . witb snacp jolt , the earth quake . the water leap into the the George Washington Bridge collapse ... thousand of body drop into the boil water . scream . shout of horror . jericho he know we be try to leave . christine he will not let I . — i ) 90 . jericho we will try the tunnel . they look downtown - the boil water part and ... a giant concrete shell rise - the lincoln tunnel , crack right down the middle . Cars spit forth from its end and body float to the surface . christine I can not watch . she bury herself in jericho 's chest . the scream of the people carry across the water . christine ( cont would ) make it stop . make it stop . jericho I can not . christine there 's no place safe , be there ? . jericho we be gonna make it ; together . cbristine we can not . they be everywhere . they be everywhere . jericho lead christine back to the buick but he follower be already there . dozen of they march toward they . they turn and run up the highway . the follower break into a run after then . jericho fire a couple of shot off as he and christine race gown the highway . jericho veer off to the highway edge . jericho this way . he clizmb over the safety railing , then help christine . just as the follower reach out to grab they , they jump fall about twenty foot down a exbankzent . the follower chase they . but around the corner scream a black limousine , cut off the follower . the rear door fly open , and jericho and christine dive into the back . the door close and the limousine screech away . sl . int. limo - day Chicago steer the limo past the mob of follower . jericho how would you find we ? chicago zi gid not . when I get to the Church it be go . I have be try to get out of town . but we be fuck trap . this crazy be everywhere . jer , this be something right out of the bible , man . it 's ... it 's like God 's wrath . like sodem and gomorah . jericho God be not do this . ( beat ) take we to the vault . c8icago the vault ? be you kid ? we have get to get out of town . : oericho there 's no way off this island . ext . new york CITY - day a dark series of cloud march against Central Park . they swirl overhead , casting lightning down . Inside the Park , a giant structure begin to take shape . int . underground garage - day the three of they dash from the limousine into a tunnel corridor . jericho we should be safe here as leng as we be not see . int . tunnel corridor - day the three of they rush to the end of a metal and concrete corridor . when they hit the wall , Chicago tap a code into the keyboard . a panel slide open revealing another set of elevator door . electronic voice please place you hand on the scanner . 92 . Chicago raise he hand to the scanner but hesitates . jericho what 's wrong ? chicago nothing . it 's just ... I do not think I update my clearance . jericho eye Chicago suspiciously . jericho put you hand on the scanner . chicago come on , man . we do not have time to argue . just do it . christine what 's go on ? ° chicago nothing . just ... go ahead . jericho grab Chicago 's hand and force it down on the scanner . chicago ( cont would ) no. stop . hey , do not . jericho press Chicago 's hand against the scanner . Chicago struggle , but the scanner pass over he palin . electronic voice subject identify . leroy Chicago , 2223 . Security alert . subject be decease . jericho what do you mean , decease ? electronic voice subject have no pulse . they all turn and lcok at Chicago . he smile sheepishly . jericho slam Chicago against the wall . spike lunge out of Chicago 's face . his skin turn brown , reptilian . his cye burn with fire . chicago I do u‘t want to , jer. please believe I . he make I do it . jericho iz it be you , forgive I . 93 . a '' jericho open fire , blow Chicago away . every bullet blow rotting flesh , smoke and molten lava down the corridor . chicago he 's come , jer . he 's come for she . and there 's nothing you can do the stop hin . jericho - ge to hell . chicago yeah , okay . whatever you say . but he know where you be . they be all ceme and there 's no escape . jericho slam down on the scanner , the laser scan he hand ... electronic voice authorization verify . the elevator open . he push christine inside . int . shelter - day the blast door open , and the two of they enter . ~, christine where be we ? jericho Hunter Security 's nuclear shelter . four hundred foot below Manhattan . jericho flip on the central console . christine what be you do ? jericho see what 's out there . Security video warm up show the approach to the entrance of the vault . he see follower crowd in . jericho ( cont would ) do not worry . they can not get down here . he hit another series of switch . snowy image of a newscaster drift onto the main screen . newscaster ( t.v. ) eee be hundred of thousand of people flock to the Hudson River shore line to pray . 94 . behind the newscaster - crowd of people watch the swirl storm over Manhattan and the continuous thunderbolt that rain down from above . woman count bead and man fall down on they knee praying to heaven . newscaster ( cont would ; t.v. ) the tide of refugee which build throughout the day end abruptly less than a hour ago , when all route in and out of the city be severe . there have be no communication from the island since . with river temperature now above boil , the National Guard have be umable to send help via watercraft , and helicopter attempt have be meet by hurricane force wind . church across the nation have open they door to the frighten mass fear the apocalypse ... the screen go black . Dead . jericho there 's nothing to do but wait . jericho look at the clock on the wall . six hour to midnight . then he notice blood seeping through the back of christine 's shirt . jericho ( cont would ) you be blead . cbristine I get hit by some glass . ext . new york CITY - evening the man walk down the street . loot go on all around he . a group of follower walk behind he , become a army . iyr. vault - night christine lean forward with she shirt in she lap . the rear of she back be streak in blood . jericho hover over she pluck the glass from she skin . she wince . christine why would you stay with I , jericho ? you @id not have to . jericho this protector of yours never show up . I could not leave you alone . christine ~ I think you be my protector . jericho you hear the Priest . it can not be I . christine maybe God have more faith in you than you have in hin . jericho hold still . christine in case the world end , I just want you to know ... jericho what ? christine that I wish we have more time . he dip a wash cloth in water and swab the wound on she back . we will talk about it over dinner qo tomorrow . christine what if there be no tomorrow ? she stand , turn and search he eye for a answer . she kiss he . he pull away . jericho do not . she push away , then pull she shirt back on . christine I be sorry . I should not have do that . jericho wo . not here . not now . we deserve better . christine just as well . the other die before ... ( beat ) I guess ho be save I for hin . the glass clatter together as a slight tremor go through ~ ( the vault . > 96 . they listen and hear the sound of metal bend and twist around then . ceristine ( cont would ) sound like a earthquake . jericho head to the security console . check on all the camera . his follower crowd the screen . they be out there by the hundred . the entire vault jolt as if something have slam into it . the two of they tumble to the floor . christine ( cont would ) jericho , I can feel he . jericho claw he way back up to the video screen . search they . and then one by one , each of the twenty video screen go black . they hear scratch and claw at the metal . footstep walk above they and then walk below then . they follow the invisible creature with they eye and ear as the sound scamper around the cutside of the roon . christine step behind jericho , stand close to he . jericho pull out he gun . jericho we be surround by bedrock . nothing ean get to we . the vault rock back and forth violently . they be throw against the floor . Metal twist and buckle . the light go out . eerie Red emergency lighting come on . they wait , hold they breath . one side of the vault abruptly jerk upward , follow by the other side . it 's as if ... jericho ( cont would ) he 's pull we to the surface ! the vault leap and shake . we can hear earth and stone and metal twist and grind through the steel wall . as the floor pull up from under they , they slide down to what be the side wall . tables and chair and video equipment tumble down on top of they . jericho cover christine with he body and take the brunt of a heavy wooden desk and several computer . the vault jerk upward again , and again , accelerate in pace . 97 . jericho ( cont would ) > grab hold . like the express elevator from hell , the earth spit up the vault . light flicker , furniture tumble , equipment shatter . then suddenly all be quiet . a couple of the emergency light be still light . Dark and gloomy though , as if in some crypt . jericho have he body wrap around christine . jericho ( cont would ) christine ? christine ? she blink she eye open . look up at he . jericho have a cut on he forehead . she touch it lightly . there 's something erotic about she touch . jericho pull away . jericho ( cont would ) we sust be on the street . christine he 's out there . jericho the wall be reinforce steel . it would — , take a miracle to break through they . : christine remember who we be deal with . the vault rock . in the dim red light we see a indentation appear on the wall . wwwhomp I another bump erupt in the metal . cseristine ( cont would ) be you sure ? jericho they be hold . the slamming stop . a few beat pass . the two of than wait . christine do you feel that ? jericho what ? —~ 1 a 98. christine it 's get warm in here . jericho he 's melting he way through . the wall before they begin to glow , a dull red at first , and then a bright orange . jericho climb over debris to the weapon locker , now face down on the ground . he pull it open . Inside be weapon . jericho pull out a pump-action rifle and load it . christine what be you do ? jericho he be beat before by other man . Men with nothing better than a sword . a hole appear in the steel as the liquid metal drip away . christine he 's come through . jericho grab and mp-5 full auto and sling it on . jericho get behind I . the lava hole in the metal grow . Beyond it be a dark silhouette , he hand press against the metal . christine whatever happen ... thanks for try . with a flash , the molten metal peel back , revealing the man . jericho finger the trigger on the shot gun . a quiet moment as the two man regard each other . the man step forward and ... jericho fire . bam ! the shell blow into the man 's chest , knock he back , but not down . bam ! bam ! bam ! jericho drive the man back out the melt open and into ... ext . STREET - evening the house -size vault rest beside a huge pit in the roadway by the Hunter Security Building . crashed car be scattered about the intersection . 99 . hundred of bis follower crowd the street , like a arny of — the damned . the man lie on the street , fall . the crowd look down at the fall man , and then at jericho . they cower away as jericho swing the mp - 5 around at the but from the corner of he eye he see the man rise . jericho turn and open fire with the mp - 5 . the round drive into the man , but still he stalk toward jericho . jericho back away , keep up the barrage of bullet , until he and christine be press with they back against the wall . man do not you understand . it 's futile . the man reach out and take the gun from jericho . he grip it tight and the gunmetal melt in he hand . jericho throw a punch at the man , landing firmly on he chin . the man glare at jericho , insulted by the blow . the man grab jericho 's fist and drive it back , slamm hin against the wall . he smashes jericho with he forearn . jericho fall to he knee . the man look to christine . ™~ man ( cont would ) X can feel you fear . I can feel you heart tremble . but look on I . feel I . I be not here to hurt you . I be here to set you free ... and give you eternal life . jericho christine ! try to resist . there 's _ nothing he can give you . christine turn she head and back away . jericho pull himself to he foot , but he 's grab and hold by several of the follower . he try to fight they off , but with the sheer number of they it 's almost impossible . sericho ( cont would ) christine , look at I . man look at I . '' 100 . of she finally do and can not look away . man ( cont would ) I know you have suffer . but be it I who make you thus ? why do he bring you into the world , if only to feel sorrow . christine I ... I do not know . man I know you pain . jericho leave she alone . do not listen christine . do not listen . man everybody you love , God take from you . he murder they . it be he will . christine yos . man why ? why do he do it ? have you of angere he ? christine no . man bad they do anything wrong ? man then why ? christine I do not know . man he take away you world . help I take away he . he hold she with he eye . she sway lean forward ... and he kiss she . deep. erotic . she kiss he back . jericho be defeat . 101 . man ( cont would ) ( to jericho ) my bloed 's be in she vein for year . you never have a chance , you know . neither do God . : jericho break free from the follower and rush the man , but he 's tackle immediately and throw down to the ground . : man ( cont would ) : show he the error of he way . they grab what they can find ... brick , stone , lead pipe . they beat hin . jericho try to break away . he try to run . but they swing at he , they pelt he . he cover he head and push through the crowd , but he 's meet by crush blow after crush blow . they hound he like a pack of dog and slowly they bring he down , beat he senseless . pinally , jericho collapse . man ( cont would ) - enough ! the follower slowly stay they blow . they part , pull - '' back in a circle , and leok down at jericho 's break frame . man ( cont no ) do not let he die . if he die , he go to God . but if he life , when _ the kingdom be join , he soul too shall fall , and he shall serve I ... forever . blood seep from jericho 's wound . he try to crawl , but he collapse . jericho help I , please . for godsake . man yor godsake ? the man look around . man ( cont would ) where be God ? why have he abandon you _ we hold on jericho . it 's painful just to look at he . 102 . man ( cont would ) look at you , jericho . you be beat . you be forsaken . you have lose . jericho struggle to move . but can not . jericho you be gonna have to kill I . man . no ... you will not go to heaven and goon you soul , and every other soul , will be mine ... mine because you fail . fail to protect that you love . christine cross to the man and squeeze he hand . christine jericho , do not blame yourself . you - aia everything you could . ( she point to Heaven ) he let you down . man quite right . . the man bend down and whisper in he ear . man ( cont would ) he make you weak . now show he that you be strong . fight for I . jericho ( almost inaudible ) no. man join I and reclaim everything he take away from you . jericho 's wife Emily , emerge from the crowd hold they son David by the hand . jericho look at they , and he be weak . so close to death , so in need of something to hold onto . emily jericho , please . jericho struggle to he knee . his son , David , come up . david daddy , it 's go to be okay . the little boy hold he hand out to he father . 103 . christine go ahead , jericho . embrace he . man it 's everything you want . jericho lift out hig hand and pull the boy into he . hold he tight . he fight back the tear until he can not . the man glance skyward with a tiny smile and then look down at jericho . man ( cont would ) you choose wisely . the man take christine in hand and walk through the parting crowd . the man 's follower line up behind he ina processional follow he . : Emily and David help jericho to he foot . the three of they be pull along the processional line . we pull back , higher and higher , until the processional line look like a stream of ant snake through the street of New York . on jericho - he hold he son as they walk along with the ~ processional . david I love you dad . jericho I leve you too . he look at Emily and then at David ... something 's wrong . he slow just a little bit . sadly . he let David down , let he walk on he own , and then let the boy 's hand slip from he own . — he slow slightly , let they get ahead of he in the throng . once they be a few pace ahead , jericho stop . people stream by he as he silently watch he wife and child drift away in the crowd . jericho push he way through the stream of humanity until he break out and edge into a dark alley . '' he steal away . ext . time square - night Times Square teem with hundred of thousand of people . the '' ~ crowd part as the man arrive with christine . fl 104 . man all this be for you . christine be this hell ? the man laugh . man no. it 's New year in Times Square . christine , still lose in she rapture , look on the miltitude . christine all this soul ... man all this soul be ours . ( in Latin ) the time have come . bring forth the temple . the ground heave . concrete come alive rise in the shape of twiat man ... building bend to the man 's will . and now we can see a structure start to form ... a mighty tenple ext . new york CITY street - night desert . alone , jericho stagger through the devastation leave in the wake of evil . building be on fire . the street run red with blood . jericho see a fall gargoyle lie on the ground . he lift the heavy carve stone and carry it up the step of a mighty building . jericho stumble and fall before it 's heavy door . it be the armory . jericho pull himself up , take the gargoyle and smashes it against the door . the wood splinter . ext . time square - night the ground cease its rumbling as the temple have form . ~~ 105 . ~ a ten story pentagram stand behind a altar atop a pyramid . step appear on the angle of the pyramid , seemingly form from the face of torment soul . iyfr . armory - night a door open and in step jericho , he clothes in tatter , he face bloody . he smile ... : the room be fill with a cache of military armament . Quick cut as he -- grab a mk19 mod3 auto ~ feed grenade launcher -- pull down a shoulder launched stinger missile -- strap on ammo belt -- sling on two m-16 machine gun -- angle on : a row of humvee - one of they roar to life . it 's headlight fall on a locked garage door . - jericho step out of the driver 's seat . reaches in back . withdraws the shoulder launched stinger missile . fire . the missile fly from its launcher and ... boom ! the garage door blow open . jericho tine to give the Devil he due . jericho slide back into the humvee and peel out . ext . new york CITY street - night jericho steer the humvee through the obstacle course of post - viot debris . in the distance he see the glow fiery light of Times Square , but just up ahead be a archway . '' -_ > 106 . you could say it be soar and majestic if it be not for the twisted wreck frame of man , pile atop each other like some freakish car accident . jericho slow the humvee and look on at this horror . the writhe corpse moan out to he in unison . ' voice go back ! go back ! jericho drive the humvee through the arch ... Inside ... jericho see the mass of humanity huddle before the Temple . he floor it . the follower scatter as the humvee plow they aside . at the foot of the temple ~- the man take christine by the hand and lead she up the step . but ... jericho skid the humvee to a halt by the Temple 's base . follower rush the humvee , but when jericho open fire with a m - 16 , they cower away . the square fall silent as jericho exit the humvee , clutching the grenade launcher . jericho look around at the lose soul , at the temple of evil . the man walk toward jericho . man what happen jericho ? I think we have a deal . jericho = lie . a if you come seek desth , I shall not grant it . jericho I be not seek death . jericho level the mk19 grenade launcher . jericho ( cont would ) I be send you back to Hell . shwump ! he fire . the grenade imbed in the man 's chest . 107 . a boom ! it explode . the man catapult backward twenty foot , slamm into the concrete . shwump ! shwump ! jericho fire two more grenade at the man as he struggle to he foot . boom ! boom ! they explode with unbelievable force . the man tumble down the roadway like he be hit by a train and collapse in a pile of break flesh . jericho cross to he and look down at what use to be the man 's face . but now it 's all sinew and singe skin . man ( seethe whisper ) you think you have win ? ( beat ) this be but flesh . and then the ground begins to tremble ... jericho lose he balance and fall to the ground . the man 's leg rip open .... and mighty talon extend from ~~ they . a monstrous evil unfold from the skin of the man . wing unfurl from he back . scale burst forth from he skin . he rise until he be four stories tall . all demonic bis eye burn with fire and he mouth drip blood . he be truly satan he howl . _ jericho scramble to he foot and retreat to the humvee . satan you dare defy ms , jericho ? I shall cast you into hell like my father do to I at the dawn of time . _ jericho whip cut the stinger missile and level it . he pivot back to face the demon . the demon see the missile point straight at hin . jericho Times change . welcome to the twenty first century . - vy 108 . jericho launch the stinger . it impact in Satan 's belly and explode . the flesh and scale blow back revealing ... a thousand tormented soul inside the belly of the beast . , Satan reel back . scream in pain . a handful of follower charge at jericho , but he open fire with the m - 16 's blow they back . satan pull back he arm and a swirl ball of fire rise in it . he launch it at jericho . jericho dive out of the way . the fireball sail over jericho 's head slamm into the side of a building . jericho mount another stinger and fire . the missile fly . but the Dark angel dodge and the stinger impact against a billboard of a broadway play . " cat - now and forever " topple , crush several hundred of the follower . more follower attack , but jericho let loose a barrage of bullet from both sub-machine gun . Satan draw another ball of fire from the air , and hurl it . jericho grab for he weapon and roll for cover just as a fire ball hit the humvee , blowing it to kingdom come . jericho slam another stinger into the launcher . he take some time to ain . Satan flap he leathery wing and lift into the air like some ancient dragon . jericho fire . whheooooosh ! this time the missile slam into Satan 's head . boom ! lucifer 's head explode , raining fire down from the sky . the crowd of follower scatter to avoid the hellish shrapnel , as the Dark angel plummet to the ground . jericho slide he last stinger into the launch tube . whe headless body rise from the pavement , sway back and forth , hand grasp at the air . jericho ( cont would ) you be go down . jericho unleash he last stinger . whoooosh ! bam ! it slam into the Dark angel 's belly , among the writhe mass . boom ! it explode in a massive fireball of flesh and fire . 109 . '' ~ when the smoke clear , Satan be go . jericho eye the linger smoke and fire . he hear a massive groan come from the heart of the city . a thick fiery smoke hang in the air and then slowly twist back into form and substance . smoke trail snake out , wrapping themselves like a tentacle around jericho . the tentacle grow until it be a bony hand . satan ( v.0o ) you think you armament can defeat the immortal ? who do you think teach mankind to build weapon ? jericho be envelop now . he yell , fight to break free . he rise in the air , twist and turn until he 's face - to - face with the beast . he open fire with the m - 16 . but the bullet wound be barely pinprick on Satan 's horrific scaly body . satan yor thirty thousand year I have walk through the heart and mind of man and you downfall be my glory . . I have build the gas oven of — auschwitz , I have haunt the kill field of Cambodia , I have spur good Christians to rape and lect in the name of they Lord , I have send Muslims on horrific jihad , and I have scattered the Jews to the four corner of the world . I light the fire that make Troy burn and I stand by and watch mankind nail the Son of God to a wooden cross . I be there in the beginning on the tree of life . I be the beginning and the end . I be light and I be death . I can not be defeat . I be forever . Satan toss jericho away . jericho sail through the air , arm flail and smashes through the stained glass window of a church . int . church - night the glass implode as jericho sail through it , head toward the hard stone floor . '' but instead of the floor , he slam into a hang tapestry . '' it collapse under he force , but break he want . apeatey ry i ) 110 . jericho nie balf - doad , a lum in the middle of the thick ext . time square - night Satan roar and conjure up another fireball and ... launch it at the church ! the flame engulf the church . even the stone catch fire . int . church - night everything in the small church erupt in flame . whispering voice jericho ... jericho stir . then with a groan , he struggle up . his hand tremble . his body buckle . his back be streak with blood . jericho zi can not ... whispering voice jericho ... it take all the effort in he body just to open he eye . there 's no one there ... jericho what more can I do ? all around he he see religious icon . a statue of christ on the cross . a tapestry of ST . GEORGE slaying the dragon . a painting of david slaying goliath and a statue of michael the archangel wielding a mighty sword against a serpent . everywhere be iook in the burn church , be see ect of whispering voice jericho ... jericho push himself up onto one knee . he rest . the strain be too much to bear . his head be bow because he cannot hold it up . he look almost like he 's praying . 111 . jericho help I . please . in answer to he prayer , there be silence . ext . time square - night satan lay christine on a altar below a massive stone pentagram . demonic figure be carve around its face . satan ( in Latin ) I command thee as the Lord of man . open the Gates to my kingdom ! the stone pentagram rumble and slowly slide open . a firestorm swirl in its center . we see human shape ... the vague outline of the soul of the damned . it 's truly a churn pit of fiery death like nothing we have ever see before except in we darkest nightmare . the ground rumble as the gate of hell open . int . church - night the ground shake . Stones fall from the roof of the church . the crucifix fall smash into the statue of michael . michael tumble . it slam into the floor , shatter . when it do , Michael 's sword break free from he hand . jericho see the sword . he 's transfix by it . he pick it up . it 's a simple blade and pommel , forge of bronze . he take off he m - 16 and toss they to the ground . eo» then turn and head toward the door , armed only with this sword and he belief . ext . time square - night ' the portal continue to rumble further and further open . the _ yollower fall to theiz knee in silent prayer of the come dawn of evil 's reign . christine lie silent on the altar , she eye close in rapture . the glow fire of hell illuminate she face . 112 . ext . church - night jericho emerge from the fiery structure of the church to see Satan reach down for christine on the altar . jericho bellow ... jericho lucifer ! Satan turn . he see jericho , beat and bloody , look like the Devil himself . satan jericho , how many time must you be beat ! jericho until you finish I . man step aside or I shall inflict torment on you never know to human soul . Emily and David emerge from the crowd . emily jericho , please . you can not defeat hin . jericho ( to Satan ) you can not trick I ! satan _ you defy I , but can you turn you back on you family again ? can you stand by and watch I pluck they eye out and rip they flesh from they bone while you watch helpless . David come to jericho . david please , daddy . do not let he hurt we . jericho tide ! my family be dead . and jericho swing he sword at he wife and son . as the blade strike flesh , the two become terrifying demon . they cry cut in horror as they melt into the air . 1123 . satan ~ jericho , I be a angel of the Lord . you be but a man . how do you expect to defeat I in all my glory ? Satan stalk toward he . jericho I may be just a man . but I be make in the image of my maker . ( beat ) and I have faith . Satan pause and sit on he haunch , try to leok into jericho 's heart . jericho ( cont would ) it be in my power to defeat you . Satan 's terrifying head swing over he . jericho slowly raise the bronze sword to the ready . Satan back away . satan you will need more than a piece of metal to defeat I . jericho -_ - the weapon do not matter . the battle be win within . the Beast 's claw swipe at jericho . jericho bring the sword to bear . we see a flash of metal . a shower of spark . the Beast roar back , in real pain for the first time . jericho advance , thrust at the Beast . the sword flash in the flame of fire and it become forged of steel , its handle crusted with jewel , just like the sword in the illuminate manuscript . the sword of faith . the beast roar back . his sharp tail whip around like a scorpion 's , stabbing at jericho . jericho parry and thrust back . jericho stab the tail of the Beast . it recoil in pain and siam into jericho send he fly through the air . he land on the step of the temple , he momentum send he tumble down . the beast claw down the stone step . the temple shake with every step . fire burn in satan 's — eye . his body bristle with spike . > 114 . Satan raise he talon into the air above jericho . jericho — zreoll out of the way , just as he slam he talon down . the earth shake and the stone step crack . the Temple begin to bleed . jericho roll down the step , try to get away . Satan raise he talon again , but this time as he bring it down , jericho stab the sword upward and into it . the Beast recoil and roar . wounded . the blood of hell drip from the wound and rain down , explode like grenade as it hit the earth . jericho run for cover . the Beast 's tail swing round . a hundred serpent grow from it , each head snap out at jéricho . jericho swing he mighty sword , strike through the viper 's nest and sever the head of the snake . the snake head continue to snap as they roll into ball of fire on the ground . jericho dive over the flail tail , and raise the sword just in time to deflect a blow from Satan , wound he again . and then the battle be joined . we have never see anything like it . jericho be possess of faith and power beyond we comprehension as he drive into the breach . holy steel against the fire of evil , exchange blow after blow . jericho battle like a righteous warrior , a one man holy crusade . atop the Temple they fight , the darkness light by the unholy fire which consume the mighty tower of gotham . satan submit jericho , and I shall make you the king of king . jericho you can offer I nothing . Satan reel back . jericho advance . atop the temple - in the midst of battle , the new year ball begins to drop . jericho ( cont would ) I renounce thee . 115 . jericho take the fight to Satan , drive he back , drive '' he down on he knee and as he be about to plunge the into Satan 's chest ... the ball reach bottom . happy new year flash and ... . a mighty trumpet roar . satan roar a horrible cry of loss . jericho stay he sword . Satan 's wing unfurl as a great wind blow pull he toward the open in the pentagram . jericho ( cont would ) it 's over . Satan struggle against the wind of heaven that drive he back toward the swirl pit . satan over ? it 's not over ! his scale bristle . his eye alight with fire . satan ( cont would ) — _ a thousand year be nothing to I ! : jericho to I , it 's enough . satan you grow weaker every time . jericho cross to christine on the altar . she wake at he touch . look up blink ... in disbelief ... herself again . christine _ sericho . he gather she up in he arm . behind he , as Satan tumble back into hell , something snake out of the demon 's body and shoot through the portal . a tentacle of some kind . satan you dare to turn you back on I ? christine jericho ! batan -~ Z shall have thee yet . 116 . the tentacle snake out and wrap around christine , pull ber from jericho 's arm . it drag she to the close gate . christine oh god , help I . please help I . jericho lunge to she and grab she hand before she cross the threshold . jericho hold on . christine 's foot be pull across the threshold . everything zumble . the temple shake . christine be catch in a tug of war between good and evil . satan . I have you now . let go and come to I . the suction from hell increase . dying soul all over the world be be suck into the inferno scream . all around they the ghostly soul be pull in create a strong wind . she still hang there , as if she be hang from a precipice , dangle over a twenty thousand foot drop into eternal darkness and damnation . Satan dangle in the hellfire below cling onto christine . the stone be close in around she . curistine do not let I fall . please , do not let I fall ! jericho . you be not gonna fall . hold on ! Satan climb up he own tentacle , come closer . he reach out with he curl mangle finger to grab she , but jericho lift the sword and hold christine with one hand , he heave the sword end - over - end into the underworld . it slan right into Satan 's gut . use all bis strength he fight the slipstream of evil as he pull christine back through the Gates of Hell just as they slam close forever . as all the stone join , sealing the entrance a starburst of ENERGY radiates out . booooom ! : the two of they be surround by fire . jericho rise to find christine unconscious next to he . he fight the thick smoke as he struggle to he foot . he look around but all he can see be flame . 117 . — be scramble to pick up christine and through the flame he make out a door of some kind . he rush through the flame to the doorway and push through it out onto ... ext . new yor CITY street - night jericho emerge from the front door of the church . the flame and smoke be thick all around . Fire truck and police car slide to a halt in front of then . the firemen come rush up to jericho , who cradle christine in he arm . fireman what happen ? jericho look around . aside from the fire , the city be calm and peaceful . pedestrian walk the street as normal . the sky above be clear and the star shine down from heaven . jericho look back at the fireman . sericho - -_ ' there be a fire . he keep walk , christine in he arm . jericho ( cont would ) but I put it out . we rise up into the night , away from the fire and back towards heaven . everything in the city be how it be . maybe even better . fade out : wal ' disney / touchstone picture title : end of day author : marlowe , andrew W. sub by : anonymous format : screenplay sub to : garner , todd draft date : publisher / year : 2-17-1998 genre : supernatural / thriller page : a ? sub - genre : circa : present location : NYC element : analyst : churchill , david coverage date : March 20 , 1998 logline : when Satan come to NYC to take a bride back to hell , a tenacious security officer become the protector of the choose woman and help defeat Satan and send he back to hell . comment logline :s while this doomsday thriller contain many familiar trapping of the genre , writer marlowe be able to cleverly provide the drama with imaginative action set-piece and character who be heroic and seren . while at the same time weaving in theme of religion and fa : . excellent good pair poor idea conbider Story line dialogue script ( they writer : consider characterization . cc page 2 title : end of day author : marlowe , andrew W. synopsis : in 1975 ---shortly after a baby girl be bear in a NYC hospital , a nurse secretly rush the infant to a satanic ritual where she 's baptize in blood and '' mark for darkness " . when the baby girl be return to its mother , she 's name christine . today , NYC ~--jericho be a officer who work for a private security firm . presently he and a partner , chicago , be protect a diplomat on he way to the UN . as the diplomat arrive at the UN lq , a shooter be spot on a nearby roof . jericho shove the diplomat aside and take several round of shot in he bullet proof vest . the diplomat be safe , and jericho and Chicago chase after the shooter in a helicopter . as the shooter be about to jump from the roof , jericho grab he . but as the shooter then begin to blast jericho , he 's drop from the ' copter ---- and a parachute unfurl . the shooter duck into the subway , and jericho give chase again , finally cornere the guy and cuffing he . but ... the shooter suddenly transform into a hideous monster and tell jericho that he 's powerless to stop the dark angel . as the shooter transform back to a human form , jericho be stunne . he wonder if he 's go nut as the shooter be take off to a hospital . meanwhile ... in Hell 's Kitchen , flame shoot high from a crack in the pavement . from the flame a mysterious man ( Satan ) appear and walk away ... and a albino man witness the event . later , jericho do some research on the shooter and discover that he 's not only a religious nutball but a man who be not target the UN diplomat but he . jericho wonder why he be be target ! in the shooter 's possession be also picture of a unknown woman . - that woman happen to be christine bethlehem --- the same one we see be bear in 1975 and baptize in blood . christine be a pre-school teacher with a sweet disposition , but lately she 's be experience terrifying vision that she can not explain . Satan , in the meantime , go to visit the shooter in he hospital room and crucify he to the wall . when jericho and a detective go to visit the shooter to ask question they find he nearly dead . written in Hebrew on the shooter 's body be two name --- one be jericho and the other be bethlehem . as the shooter die , jericho realize that he might be in danger . and he wonder who bethlehem be as well . jericho pay a visit to the Church of St. John the Divine and talk to father murphy bout the shooter , whose name be Thomas and who use to be a priest . Murphy be close mouth , and tell jericho he would not believe even if he tell he . christine be on she way home when a homeless man approach and say " he 's on he way '' . and when she get to she apartment , two commandos be wait for she and try to abduct she . meanwhile , jericho have manage to track the identity of " bethlehem " to christine , and he and Chicago arrive just in time to rescue she . the commando flee . christine be frighten , and she roommate rachel offer support . jericho put a guard on ( page 3 title : end of day author : marlowe , andrew W. synopsis ( continue ) : christine for the night , and Chicago set up a command post outside . christine wonder what 's go on , and jericho read up on satanic heraldry ... and he become aware of satanic prophecy about the end of day , when Satan come to claim a bride and take over the world . even the righteous will not survive . as jericho consider the meaning of this , Satan attack the command post outside christine 's place and blow it up . Chicago and the other guard be kill . jericho begin to drag christine away to safety , but she roommate Rachel then change into a demonic beast who try to stop they . jericho be force to shoot Rachel dead . _ when the cop finally arrive on - the scene and see the destruction ( include the dead body of Chicago and the guard ) , they see Rachel - -- in normal human form - -- dead from jericho 's gunshot . the cop take jericho to police hq and hold he and begin ask christine question . but at the police hg , Satan arrive and try to get she . jericho block he and flee with christine into the park ---- and they be chase by red-ey minion of the devil . they finally arrive at St. John the Divine Cathedral . Father Murphy be there to help they hide , and he tell they of the come of darkness and that Satan be look for a bride ... the signal of doom . but Father Murphy claim the bible tell of a protector , of great faith and virtue , who come forth to safeguard and defend the choose woman . jericho claim he 's could not possibly be the protector if he 's someone of great faith and virtue . meanwhile ... in the city chaos begin to reign . people begin to riot and loot store . as jericho try to secretly return to he apartment , he 's confront by Satan who want he to reveal where christine be hide . Satan offer jericho anything he want for this information ... but jericho refuse . Satan then try to throw jericho to he death , but jericho manage to grab Satan and toss he to the street below . as Satan impact on the pavement a huge crater be make . it do not seem as if anything could survive this fall , but Satan pick himself up and leave . jericho be then approach by Chicago who claim he 's not dead but alive ; Chicago want to get out of the crazy city . jericho be not sure if Chicago be a trick or not . back at the cathedral , meanwhile , a cardinal decide to sacrifice christine to prevent the devil from get she . but jericho arrive and to protect and save she . and at the same time Satan arrive and begin to entrance christine . a fight erupt between jericho and Satan and the cathedral begin to collapse into a pile . as jericho and christine be drag into a pit , they get away and escape into the city sewer . christine and jericho be chase by not only the devil but he red-ey follower . christine want to get Satan out of she mind --- he seem to have entrance she . jericho and christine escape the sewer , find the city in total chaos . the get into a car and be chase once again . as they try to flee the city , the find that bridge and tunnel be destroy . they finally escape into a underground garage where they encounter Chicago again ---- but Chicago be obviously possess ( oe page 4 ' title : end of day author : marlowe , andrew W. bynopsib ( continue ) : and jericho finally destroy he . jericho drag christine to the nuclear shelter 400 foot below the surface of Manhattan . as they wait there , Satan find they and drag the shelter to the surface . Satan then confront christine again , and she must try to resist he . jericho be then beat by Satan 's minion , and he cry for help . Satan ask jericho to join he , and finally jericho succumb . Satan then address he follower and bring forth a mighty temple in the city . but ... jericho slip away and go to an_ armory where he drag out weapon and begin to attack Satan and he new establishment . a huge battle erupt , and Satan claim he can not be destroy . jericho be see kneel and praying --- and ask for help . jericho then find a sword of faith , and with it he attack Satan , now transformed into a beast . at the same time christine turn she back to Satan and renounce he . as the battle rage on , jericho be finally able to destroy Satan ( at least for now ) , and he cary christine away from the scene in he arm --- just as the fire department and cop arrive to take over . page 5 ' title : end of day author : marlowe , andrew W. comment : marlowe have create a imaginative , exciting and very dynamic supernatural thriller . while it contain some of the predictable beat of a doomsday tale with a fairly static Satan figure threaten to destroy the world , the battle that erupt between the heroic security officer and the demonic force be nicely conceive and full of resourceful and inventive special effect . the piece be , after all , special effect drive with NYC take the brunt of all the destruction and mayhem . not only be there chaos in the street of the city as Satan and he minion try to establish a foothold , but building collapse , other be pull from the underground and éfire and brimstonei make its presence know - -- on a very large scale . the heart and soul , so to speak , of the drama lie in the character of the heroic security officer who become the iprotectori of the woman choose by Satan to be he wife . this character go up against some of the most incredible obstacle imaginable --- demon , burn building , zomby , quake , . @tc .--- and still manage to stand on he two foot . touchingly , he seem to succumb to the power of Satan and momentarily become one of he minion , but this turn out to be only a trick to get closer to the devil and destroy he --- which he do in blaze glory . and speak of glory --- the material also be not afraid to bring up question of faith and virtue ; the heroic security officer be not afraid to finally ask for help from God , and it be in this final moment when he accept God and renounce Satan that the script have its most powerful emotional impact . the script wind up succeed on a couple of level --- the truly physical , action drive one , and the more sensitive , holy one . the script isnit entirely perfect , though . we wonder why the heroic officer , jericho , be target for destruction from the beginning ---- before he even meet satanis intend wife ; and if this be the case , we wonder why Satan canit simply remove jericho as a obstacle . as a result of many similar question the script seem , from time to time , to be overly manipulate and contrive . but the action sequence seem to distract we from this , and the energy never subside . we also wonder why Satan canit just pick any woman he want as a wife , not necessarily one who have to be ébaptize in blood{ 25 year earlier . be that as it may , the script be dynamic and offer both action and food for religious think . scrtpr : consider writer : ; consider