end of watch end of watch ( pre production ) genre : action / Drama / cop director : David ayer ( Street king , harsh Times ) cast : Jake gyllenhaal ( source code , Love and other drug , Prince of persia : the Sands of time , Brothers , rendition , Zodiac , jarhead , proof , brokeback Mountain ) Michael peja ( the lincoln lawyer , Battle : Los Angeles , shooter , World Trade Center , babel , crash ) producer : David ayer ( harsh Times , train Day ) John lesher screenplay : David ayer ( harsh Times , s.w.a.t. , Dark Blue , train Day , the fast and the furious , u-571 ) cinematographer : Roman vasyanov ( the Motel life , hipster , tiski ) this gritty , suspenseful drama follow Los Angeles Police officer Taylor ( Jake gyllenhaal ) and Zavala ( Michael pefia ) as they face off against crack addict , human trafficker and mexican drug cartel in the daily battle for control of the city 's meanest street . give the story a grip , first - person immediacy , the action unfold entirely through footage from the ubiquitous handheld hd video camera now commonly use by that on both side of the law . after each grueling shift , the partner and best friend return home to they family as husband and father , leave the brutality of they job behind and make light of the courage it take to go out into the street every day . despite moment of self - doubt , they prove so effective as a law enforcement team that they quickly become the target of sinaloan drug lord . when word get out that the top boss want Taylor and Zavala '' take care of , 's the partner swear they have get each other cover , not realize they friendship be about to be test to its limit . a powerful story of family , friendship , love , honor and courage , end of watch use cut edge technology to create a riveting portrait of the city 's darkest , most violent corner , the cop who risk they life there every day , and the price they and they family be force to pay . character breakdown Jake gyllenhaal one of we protagonist , a rookie lapd Officer and as Officer Brian loyal partner to Zavala . Brian record he Taylor everything ( he police beat and personal life ) as a assignment for film class , which be part of he pre - law study Michael peiia as one of we protagonist , a macho latino lapd Office Mike Officer and loyal partner to Taylor Zavala sarge Zavala and Taylor 's protective boss Officer Van veteran , burn - out cop know on the force as hauser the '' angriest cop in the World '' Officer orozco tough female mexican cop who work with Taylor and Zavala Captain reese belove Captain who the officer have nickname '' the coolest Captain ever '' gabby Zavala Zavala 's feisty wife Cindy Zavala Mike 's young sister Janet Taylor 's girlfriend , whom he marries over the course of the film Mr. Tre angry , drunk gangster who fight Zavala fat Rat , dj , gangster that work with Mr. Tre blaster , peant , and dion demon , wick , dangerous gang member of the curbside locote Big evil , La La gang . they want to kill Zavala and Taylor '' end of watch '' director' statement important please read to the reader from the writer and director : 1 would like to help you understand my vision for '' end of watch . '' in the simple term , this be a film about two best friend who happen to be policeman . we follow they life over a period of several month as they fall in love , have child , get marry and otherwise live they life . the film also have a strong crime story and plenty of action of great scope . it be a film that will have something for everyone and touch upon universal theme of friendship , love , honor and courage . this be real people lead real life . today 's young people create and consume video media in very different way . they film they daily life and share this video through social media . it be this novel use of video and the intimacy of reality that I wish to emulate . this film will be shot in many of the same way that young people create media today . my concept be simple : the character themselves be place and operate the camera . this create a very visceral reality , much like watch real dramatic action on the Internet . one could term this method '' french New Wave cinema meet you tube . '' often '' find footage '' film be difficult to watch due to excessive camera movement . please keep in mind that this will not be shaky , unsteady '' cloverfield '' type image . '' end of watch '' will be shot in anormal theatrical resolution use many standard production technique . image quality will be high , the color will be vibrant and beautiful . the shot will be incredibly lyrical and smooth . although the actor will be wear camera , the image produce will be much like typical steadicam shot , with the same grace and beauty , although from angle before unachievable . 1 be work with camera manufacturer to develop new camera that will capture the image of theatrical level quality yet be very small and compact . the extremely small , yet full resolution camera will be able to record the drama and action in way that have not be possible before . in success this new camera will be nothing short of revolutionary . I believe the technique use will be groundbreake unto themselves and will become a important talk point in the release of the film . of course there will also be standard camera coverage ; my intent be to use all tool available to tell this wonderful story . this film will be beautiful , clearly shot and will immerse the viewer in it 's world in a intimate way . '' end of watch '' will deliver a exciting and fresh view experience for audience of all background . there will be nuanced and powerful performance by some of the best actor work today . the audience will see police as they have never see they , the journey will be vibrant , fun and exciting . it will have the entertainment value of a '' popcorn movie '' yet deliver the depth and sophistication of a powerful drama . I hope you enjoy the script and come on this filmmake journey with I . kind regards , David ayer Los Angeles , California the screen be black . then ... a card fade in that read : warning graphic ! for cop only ! " what you be go to see consist of actual video shot by real people . everything happen as you will see it . most of this footage be amateur video film by the actual officer involved . you will also see official police footage , personal video shot by department personnel , surveillance video and news footage . this video be personal and private . " fade out card -- then a title card : " the craaaaziest pursuit ever . " [ note : this be consumer level title like something do in Apple imovie . ] ext . south central l.a . — day 1 Pov of a police dash cam ... Racing through neighborhood street chase a orange cadillac ... the card do not lie because this car chase be insane ... the siren be blaring . the engine roar . we hear the chatter of the police radio . incredible speed . near miss with other vehicle ... although we can not see they yet , the driver be mike zavala ( 24 ) and he partner dan taylor ( 23 ) ride shotgun . taylor ( 0.s. ) clear right ! Dan 's voice be pump with adrenaline ... taylor ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) watch it ! car ! zavala ( 0.s. ) I see he . the cop car swerve around a catering truck . zavala ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) rightside ? rightside ?! ( continued ) continued : 1 taylor ( 0.s. ) right 's clear ! go , go , go ! the orange cadillac almost hit a pick - up load with furniture . zavala ( 0.s. ) whoa . dude almost tc'ed . Taylor " call the pursuit " into the radio . this will go on the duration of the pursuit . taylor ( 0.s. ) thirteen - Adam - nine eastbound thirty Sixth Street pass waverly . the cadillac make a hard right , disappear from view , the cop car turn and we see the cadillac again . taylor ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) thirteen - Adam - nine . southbound Raymond Avenue . from denker . zavala ( 0.s. ) where 's he go ? taylor ( 0.s. ) disneyland . the cadillac make a hard leave , the cop car follow , fishtail a little . taylor ( cont 'd ) watch it . then : taylor ( cont 'd ) he 's run the light . zavala be I clear ?! taylor clear . we be clear . go for it . the engine howl and the cop car catch up ... zavala homie can drive . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 1 taylor you be better . watch the road . a slow car block they way . Taylor 's voice boom over the PA loudspeaker ... taylor ( cont 'd ) pull over . pull over . the car do not . zavala pendejo . the cop car swing into oncoming traffic -- a near miss ! they pass the unyield driver ... taylor I do not see he . there he be ! the cadillac be more distant . Zavala quickly close the gap ... ext . south central L.A. —- various street - continuous 2 and so the chase go . turn after turn the cadillac fight like a sportfish at the end of a line , unable to shake the cop car ... Zavala and Taylor shouting over the siren . tire screeching ... then ... all the sound fade out . we be just watch the chase unfold on the dashcam . hypnotically beautiful ... taylor's voiceover I be the police . and I be here to arrest you . you have break the law . I do not write the law . I may even disagree with the law . but I will enforcement it . I will act professionally and treat you with respect . I also expect to be treat with respect . I will not insult you . I will not brutalize you . I will only use the force necessary to stop you . I will do whatever it take to place you in custody . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : taylor's voiceover ( cont 'd ) I be prepare to deprive you of you freedom and if necessary you life . I will not hesitate to kill you if you endanger my life or the life of other . if you run away I will chase you . if you fight I I will fight back . if you shoot at I I will shoot back . you be in this situation because something have go wrong with you life . most likely this moment have be a long time come . as it be unlikely this moment may be a anomaly in a otherwise decent and law abide life . I understand that factor in you life have create a easy justification for you action . Poverty , lack of education , drug abuse , emotional and physical abuse may have conspire to rob you of the ability to obey the law . but many other people have endure and transcend much worse circumstance than the one which have shape you life . yet you have make bad decision . you be responsible for you behavior . you action have make you my responsibility . no matter how you plead , cajole , beg or attempt to stir my sympathy nothing you do will stop I from place you ina steel cage with grey bar . by law I be unable to walk away . I ama consequence . I be the unpaid bill . I be fate with a badge and a gun . behind my badge be a heart like yours . I bleed , I think , I love . and yes , I can be kill . and although I be but one man , I have thousand of brother and sister who be the same as I . the cop car be now very close to the cadillac ... taylor's voiceover ( cont ’d ) they will lay down they life for I and I they . if you succeed in stop I , you will not succeed in stop they . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 2 taylor's voiceover ( cont ’d ) we stand watch together , a thin blue line , protect the prey from the predator . the good from the bad . we be the police . screeeeech ! -- the sound slam back in full force . the lyrical , eerie quality of the chase now feel dangerous and visceral . siren , squealing tire , roaring engine ... ext . south central l.a . — intersection — continuous 3 the cop car pull alongside the cadillac 's bumper and do a " pit maneuver . " the cadillac spin out ... taylor good job , Z. wham ! -- the cadillac crash into a phonepole ... screech -- as the cop car slide to a stop right behind it ... taylor ( cont 'd ) thirteen - Adam - nine . code six . Pursuit terminate . suspect vehicle tc'ed . twenty three hundred block of , uh , forty -third Street . two huge gangster instantly spring out of the cadillac and OPEN FIRE with handgun ... tick -tick -tick -- the windshield be hit ... zavala gun! gun! we hear the door 's open ... taylor thirteen - Adam - nine . Officer need help . Shots fire . pop - pop - pop - pop - pop - pop ! -- still offscreen Zavala and Taylor be return fire ... the two huge gangster be hit multiple time and drop ... now we see zavala and taylor -- as they approach the gangster , framed in dash cam . two healthy young man , one White one latino . both be pure cop ... ( continued ) continued : 3 they kick the gun away from the man . Zavala handcuffs the dead gangster . Taylor key he shoulder mic ... taylor ( cont 'd ) thirteen - Adam - nine . code four . both suspect be down . requesting supervisor and a RA . we hear the police chopper overhead . the wail of a dozen approach siren ... more cop flood into view -- a half dozen arrive unit . the gravity of the shoot now hit Taylor hard ... taylor ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . Holy shit . Holy shit . zavala you okay , partner ? taylor Holy shit . Holy shit . zavala walk it off . taylor I be good bro . Holy shit . Zavala make the " code 4 " to the arrive officer -- the badguy be no longer a danger . orozco , a tough as hell female mexican cop from the Hood , eye the dead gangster ... orozco --- holy shit ... smash to black -- then a title card read : " the craaaaziest fight ever . " int . mr. tre's house - live room - day 4 [ note : we see the following unfold through the SMALL hd cameras taylor and zavala wear on there uniform . J ] it 's super - ghetto up in here . Black velvet painting . fast food wrapper . hole punch in the wall . a shopping cart full of empty 40' . a couple car door in the corner . ( continued ) continued : 4 Lord and master of this domicile be mr . tre -- six and a half foot of angry drunk gangster . shirtless , a barrelchest full of folsom 's best ink . he be mid - argument with Taylor and Zavala ... mr . tre y'all come up in here . in my house . my house . talk nonsense about some fool ass chinese motherfuckin ' mailman . stealing my mail . open my letter . go in he live room get my mail . punk -ass roller . taylor Sir , I appreciate you have a ongoing dispute with the you mail carrier . however . that do not justify you put hand on he . mr . tre bitch . no such shit go down . fool 's a lie ass snitch . I 'ma take my mail . I get check . I get business correspondence . money in the mail . he be open that shit . I 'ma take my mail from he . taylor interfering with a mail carrier be a federal crime . it 's a felony . this can go one of several way . right now it 's about you attitude . mr . tre I get my mail . I help he . I help he give my mail to I . this shit 's over . y'all can get the fuck out my house . zavala Sir , if you have be drink you need to stay inside and not intimidate the mailman . mr . tre you need to shut the fuck up . you do not have that badge and gun you would not be about shit . without it you be not shit . you do not stand for shit . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 4 mr . tre ( cont 'd ) you be about less than motherfuck nothing . border hopping motherfucker . Zavala harden . begins unsnapp the keeper on he gunbelt . zavala that so ? you wanna find out what I be about ? let 's settle this right here like grow man . taylor partner , that 's not a good idea . mr. tre ( incredulous ) you wanna fight I ? zavala I wanna fight . let 's go . mr . tre I be a whip you ass , and you partner there 's gonna shoot my brain out . taylor stand down , Z. zavala ( to Taylor ) stay out of it . mr . tre I beat you ass , y'all gonna leave ? zavala win or lose , I be arrest you , Tre . you can not steal mail . but you call I out . now I be call you out . what 's up ? mr . tre let 's do this . Zavala toss Taylor he gunbelt . unpin he badge . hand it to Taylor . he square off with Mr. Tre who tower over he . taylor -.. jdesus Christ ... ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 4 -- what follow be one of the most intense and realistic fight ever -- wham ! -- Mr. Tre be a kickboxer back in the day . he knock Zavala into the wall with a roundhouse ... Zavala leap up and close with a blizzard of fist ... the sicken sound of punch landing on flesh as Zavala work the inside with flurry of rabbit punch ... wham ! -- Mr. Tre kick he again . then follow up with he locomotive size fist . pound Zavala into the carpet . Zavala be clearly overwhelm ... Taylor move forward ... zavala Taylor ! no ! I get this . Zavala take the punch , drop to a knee , cover up . Mr. Tre grab he head and begin knee he face ... taylor Zz ! zavala stay out . overpower and outgun , Zavala stubbornly hold on . take blow after blow . it go on and on ... then Mr. Tre slow . he 's panting from the exertion . chest heaving , arm burn from the effort ... and that be when Zavala suddenly rise up from certain doom -- he explode with a massive barrage of brutal hard punch ... bam-bam-bam-bam ! -- he work Mr. Tre up and down he body , wait for he big muscle arm to drop and when they do ... smack -smack -smack -smack -smack -smack -- Zavala light up he face , finally landing a money shot on he jaw ... zavala ( cont 'd ) you talk it . can you take it ? Mr. Tre stagger back . bewildere , stunne , he take a knee and lower he head ... ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 4 ) 4 mr . tre I be do . much respect . he hold out he hand . Zavala shake it . it 's over . Zavala catch he breath . Taylor hand he back he badge . his gunbelt . taylor Z , he have visible injury . mr . tre do not trip . I 'ma say I lock it up with some dude before y'all show up . Mr. Tre stand . turn and hold he hand behind he to be cuffed -- as Zavala cuff he ... mr . tre ( cont 'd ) you get a lotta heart for a cop . smash to black -- then : super title : police officer 2 miguel " mike " zavala int . olympic auditorium — night 5 lnote : this scene will be cover with a consumer hd handheld by taylor . ] it 's the annual " fight for life " box match . lapd officer square off with LA County sheriff deputy . there be ton off off-duty cop and sheriff and they family . get rowdy , root for they guy , drink beer . shout and whistle ... Zavala wait he turn in the ring . his smoking hot wife gabby be six month pregnant . she massage he shoulder . gabby stay loose , baby . we don't see taylor because he be filming . taylor Mike . who be you and what 's go on ? ( continued ) continued : 11 . zavala I be Mike and I be gonna knock a deputy the fuck out . taylor c'mon . I have to show people this . Zavala roll he eye , then play along . zavala okay , I be lapd Police Officer two Mike Zavala and I be go in the ring to box deputy arkashian . gabby be she typically high energy and aggressive self . gabby and you be gonna beat he fool ass , yeah ? zavala yep - yep . taylor Officer Zavala , where be you from ? zavala East Los , baby . City Terrace . taylor how long have you be a officer ? zavala bro , I gotta fight . this fool 's heavy duty . taylor ( to gabby ) and you be ? gabby gabriela . zavala that 's my old lady , dude . you know that . taylor when be you due ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) gabby Three month . that 's when sarge enter the frame and throw a arm around Zavala . he 's they field sergeant , they boss . but he 's a cop 's cop and look after he own . sarge Zavala you be win this , right ? zavala yep . sarge I get money on you . I hear he take thirty day comp time to work out in Big bear with De La hoya 's trainer . taylor sarge , I be interview Z for my thing . sarge I be break all you camera , Taylor . ( back to Z ) you know he be socal Golden glove champion ? zavala so. I be East L.A. King Taco parking lot champion . loudspeaker voice next up at one hundred and ninety pound be deputy Ivan " the hitman " arkashian with lasd 's special enforcement Bureau . he will be fight Officer Mike " the mangler " Zavala from lapd Newton patrol . sarge make we proud , Mike . deafen cheer as the crowd go nut . Zavala head for the ring ... gabby kick he ass , baby ! fuck he up ! 13. int . olympic auditorium —- boxing ring — night 6 [ note : shaky handheld coverage of the fight . ] Zavala and arkashian be mid-fight trading blow . the thump of the blow easily hear over the shout and whistle of the pump up crowd ... sweat fly . the blur of box glove ... wham ! -- Zavala knock out the big armenian deputy . he fall like a tree and bounce off the canvas ... the referee do a ten-count . then grab Zavala 's glove hand and raise it -- he 's the winner ... lapd cop cheer -- the deputy booing . Zavala sees the camera and point he free glove at it and grin ... zavala lapd ! Hell to the yeah ! --black screen super title : police officer 2 brian taylor int . newton division — locker room - day 7 ilnote : camera sit atop a locker giving a wide steady view of the row of locker where taylor and zavala dress for watch . j] Taylor look at camera as he zip he uniform shirt . taylor okay . this be my day job . some of you may know I as Brian . or Taylor . but here I be Police two Officer Brian Taylor . this be where the force of good prepare to fight the force of evil . taylor reach at camera turn the camera Pov -- we see zavala in he boxer ... zavala what the hell , bro ? I be in my chone . ( continued ) continued : jump CUT : 14 . taylor that 's my partner Officer Zavala . we work basic patrol here in Newton . one of the toughest division in lapd . zavala shootin ' Newton . that 's right . Taylor be show he equipment ... taylor this be the department issue side arm . the Glock forty . it hold fifteen round of high pressure hydrashock load . I have a back - up gun in this holster on my ankle . it 's a Glock twenty six . I have a spyderco knife . this little thing that can break a car window . my flashlight . two Smith and wesson handcuffs . Radio holder . a can of oc spray . that 's pepper spray . what else ? spare magazine . baton ring . zavala be you gonna shut the fuck up and go to roll call ? taylor do not curse . I have to edit that out . zavala fuck . fuck. fuck. fuck. now in Spanish . pinchi . pinchi . pinchi . van hauser have fun ? a older grey 25 year veteran land at the locker by Taylor 's and hurry to get dress . this be van hauser , burn - out , beat down . and still punch the clock . taylor this be Officer Three Van hauser . he have twenty five year on the job . consider unpromotable by the department . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 7 zavala stick he face in the lens and whisper ... zavala ..- he 's the angriest cop in the World ... Van hauser spin -- glare right at camera ... van hauser I be tell sarge you be taping in here . taylor it use flash card . it 's not call taping anymore . van hauser goddammit , Taylor ! van hauser grab camera -- the screen goe black . int . newton division — roll call room — day 8 ilnote : camera Pov be sitting on a table . taylor's out of focus hand take note in the foreground . ] it look like a classroom with police stuff on the wall . the officer of the pm watch sit at the table . captain reese , or " the coolest Captain ever " as the boy call he , address the gather officer . he 's tall and athletic and always smile . nobody doubt he will be Chief someday . captain reese oig be audit response time . acknowledge you call . get there fast and safe . code six as soon as you be on scene . second count . if someone 's closer buy the call and stop the clock . no submarine . make Newton look good . I want to welcome back Zavala and Taylor who have be clear by the da for the shoot last month . we have no doubt the shoot board would recommend a return to duty . I know it 's a unpleasant experience , that much scrutiny . never forget , a good on the job shoot be still a homicide . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 16 . captain reese ( cont 'd ) it be not mean to be a pleasant ride . I will back you up if you be right . and if you be wrong , I will personally throw you under the bus . okay ? the watch officer yessir ! captain reese all yours , sergeant . the Captain exit the room . sarge sit on the desk up front . he hold up a ticket book . sarge this be call a ticket book . Inside be this thing call ticket . it get better . you can actually stop motorist and cut citation for vehicle code violation . like run light and speed . there be a reason you be issue this book . all of you need to write . I know there be plenty of other fun to be have out there . but if you do not start write the Captain will shit on I . and I will shit on you . capiche ? the watch officer ( various adlib ) yes , sarge -- I do not know how to write -- my dog eat my book -- -- I forget my pen -- sarge orozco and Davis , a-twenty five . Peterson and Washington , a - forty one . Zavala and Taylor , you get a - thirteen . taylor sarge , that 's not we area . sarge a- thirteen . zavala we work nine . that 's we turf . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 8 sarge this be not Monopoly , you do not get to pick you real estate . Goodbye . go. can you get through watch without kill anyone ? the camera be grabbed off the table ... CUT to : ext . / int . newton division - parking lot - day 9 [ note : camera be handheld by taylor he cross to there car . ] Zavala , hold a shotgun , walk with orozco , the tough female cop . orozco why be you filming everything ? zavala it 's for he class . orozco I think you be study law ? taylor pre-law . I need a art elective . I be take film make . orozco get my good side , eh ? zavala you do not have a good side . orozco you know they can subpoena that shit if something go sideways . you ought 'a think twice . taylor two word . erase button . orozco two word . just ' cause you guy think you be this big ghetto gunfighter now do not mean you can be drop call . ( continued ) 10 18 . continued : 9 taylor that be at least two dozen word . orozco I barely get a ged . what do you expect ? orozco and she partner davis , a tall blonde female , cross to they black and white . Zavala catch Taylor check she out . zavala awwww , dude . admit it . you would hit it . taylor with a cinderblock . ext./ int . L.A. street / cop car ( moving ) - day 10 ilnote : for the car interior coverage be provide by two lipstick cameras mounted in the front . ] Zavala drive , Taylor do book . Zavala wave at camera . squint at it ... zavala barely notice this shit . taylor told you . zavala good to be back . Old lady 's drive I nut at the casa . make I do shit . taylor oh no . she actually dare ask for help around the house ? incredible . outrageous . zavala yo , just ' cause I look like the dude at Home Depot do not mean I do the shit the Home Depot dude do . taylor amen . I would never actually profile you as a man who help he wife with chore . ( continued ) 10 continued : 19 . 10 zavala shut up . and she brother 's always come over during the day to swim . I be fill the pool in with cement . taylor not personally . because you will hire a Home Depot dude for the task . zavala her brother 's lame . taylor quiet today . zavala do not say that . last time you say that we whacked two gangbanger . taylor you hear sarge . we will be cool . ( then ) it 's slow . zavala the ghetto will provide . the ghetto will provide . then , right on cue : dispatch voice thirteen - Adam - thirteen . four fifteen woman . four two two one thirty ninth Street . code two . incident number three two one zero one . taylor thirteen -adam - thirteen . Roger enroute . ( to Zavala ) first customer of the day . zavala I hope they enjoy we police service . 11 20 . int . crack house — day 11 [ note : this scene be cover by the two SMALL cameras worn on taylor's and Zavala' uniform . ] the house be a hoarder 's dream -- bottle , garbage . stack of dvd player and car stereo . a distraught female crackhead dig at she arm with she nail . eye bugging , nose run . female crackhead my baby be go . I can not find my baby . someone take my baby . I be here all night . I be with they . someone take ‘em . maybe when I be in the bathroom . like quick . in and out . taylor ma'am , how many child be miss and what be they age ? female crackhead they go . I tell you they go . they be not here . taylor how many child be miss ? female crackhead two . Boy anda girl . my little baby . Zavala look around . think this be no place for a child . he realize she man friend be sleep on the couch under several ratty blanket . zavala sir. sir. lemme see you hand . please sit up . the man stir . Zavala yank off the blanket , he 's in boxer and sock . Zavala check the cushion for weapon . zavala ( cont 'd ) just sit up , sir . put you hand on you knee . ( continued ) 11 21 . continued : 11 taylor two child . a boy and a girl . how old be they ? ma'am . ma'am ? how old be the child ? female crackhead one year old . the other be four . man friend the kid okay . they with they grandma . they okay . we be good here , officer . taylor we be go to check the house . sometimes child hide . they could be hide under a bed or in the closet . female crackhead I be lookin' . be look . look everywhere . you go look . wasting time . get out there bring I my baby back . man friend you forget they with they grandma . you forget . they okay . something be odd go on . Zavala cover the crackhead and she man friend as Taylor check the closet ... taylor's camera Pov -- move down the hall . he open a linen closet ... Inside be a baby duct - tape to its car seat . anda little boy also wrap in duct - tape -- foot and wrist bound . layer of tape over he mouth . both child staring at Taylor with moist , plead eye ... we can hear he struggle to keep he composure ... taylor ( into radio ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . request supervisor and a RA to my location . two juvenile male conscious breathe . Taylor carefully peel the duct - tape back from the boy 's mouth . snick -- Taylor open he knife -- ( continued ) 11 22 . continued : ( 2 ) 11 taylor ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , buddy . -- cut he hand free . taylor ( cont 'd ) I will be right back . Taylor reenter the live room -- bump he cross forearm together -- that mean to handcuff the people ... Zavala be on the woman in two step -- pull he cuff , spin she and have she cuffed with practice speed ... female crackhead why you do I like this ? huh ? zavala remain calm . Taylor throw the man friend on the floor . handcuffs he . struggle to act professional . taylor you be under arrest . man friend I be sleep . I be sleep be all . the kid with they grandma . zavala what 's up , partner ? taylor I find the kid . zavala and ? Taylor nod for he to look . Zavala cross . taylor let the paramedics take the rest of the tape off . female crackhead lemme see my baby . lemme see they . taylor why be you child duct - tape in a hall closet ? ( continued ) 11 12 23 . continued : ( 3 ) 11 the drug fog part and the gear of memory and survival suddenly engage ... female crackhead he do it . put that motherfucker in jail . what he do to my baby . I 'ma press charge . taping my baby . zavala shut the fuck up ! man friend bitch . you a snake , foul and low . a lie snake . they be cry . they would not shut up . she tell I to do it . why you call the police you stupid-ass bitch ? I could 'a tell you they in the closet . Dumb smoker bitch . zavala shut up asshole ! Zavala_and Taylor want to kill this people . but they can not and they know it . sometimes they have to protect each other from themselves ... zavala ( cont 'd ) you good , partner . get it under control ? the siren of approach ambulance build ... taylor it 's under control . you , Z ? get it under control ? zavala under control . yeah . this be one of that call that forever strip away a piece of a cop 's soul . and they know it ... ext . mr. tre's house - night 12 [ note : this be shot handheld by the gangster themselves . ] a dozen member of a blood set pass a blunt and drink beer . this guy be not part timer , they be the real deal , laugh , joke have a good time . ( continued ) 12 24 . continued : 12 Mr. Tre be just out of jail . he 's circle up with fat rat , dj , blaster and peanut . holding the camera be dion but we won't see he . dj why they say you get you ass beat by a cop ? mr . tre I fight the dude . homie take he badge off and we squabbed straight up . dj but you get arrest ? mr . tre not for thumpin ' on one time . for disorderly ' cause a the mailman . blaster you fight a cop and they do not put no assault on a peace officer on you ? mr . tre nope . nothing like that . peanut but he beat you black ass . mr . tre nobody beat my ass . I whupped the hell out of the dude but he be a man about it . who say that ? fat rat you get you ass beat . ah-hah . mr . tre shut the fuck up , Rat . blaster now you know that 's that same cop and he whiteboy partner who blast they crab from the park ? mr . tre whaaat ? ( continued ) 12 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 12 blaster yeah . that 's they . the crab be in a g-ride and wreck and come out bustin' . the po laid they out . stretched them out on the sidewalk . do not even cover the body and they mom show up and see it . fat rat fuck that fool . and they mom . glad they get whacked . blaster they still niggas . lapd still killin ' niggas . that 's what I be say . maybe that mexican cop act right with you Tre , but he still out there kill niggas . mr . tre motherfucker get the right niggas so I be not even trippin' . peanut who that ? who car that ? the gangster watch a minivan approach . they instinctively spread out . sense danger ... the minivan accelerate -- then screech to a stop . the door slide open ... the gangster scatter ... pop - pop - pop - pop - pop ! -- flashes of light from the weapon be fire inside the minivan ... we glimpse blaster return fire with a Glock ... pop - pop -pop - pop ! -- as the minivan disappear around the corner ... screech ! -- the van take off again ... dj they get Rat ! camera find fat rat -- on he back in the dirt yard , gasp he last breath . pea nut kneel by he side . ( continued ) 12 13 26 . continued : ( 3 ) 12 peanut call a motherfuckin ' ambulance ! Rat ? Rat ? hang on , dog . blaster that be the ese . I see they , that be the ese from curbside . mr . tre yep . it 's they . curbside 's bang all over this motherfucker . dj let 's go . I know where they stay . let 's get they fool . blaster glare right at camera : blaster turn that shit off , dion ! you stupid . camera shake as it be switched off ... int . white minivan ( moving ) - night 13 [ note : this be handheld camera and cellphone footage . in real life it be not all unusual for gangmember to film themselves committing crime . ] four homeboy from curbside locote gang -- demon , wicked , big evil . they homegirl LA LA be drive . demon you almost run the light stupid . you be gonna get we pull over . LA LA I gotta be at work . you better not bust out . wasting my time . wicked Hell no . I be killin ' all this motherfuckin ' nigger . gonna have they brain hang out . big evil eh , La La . when be you gonna fuck the homeboy ? ( continued ) 13 14 27 . continued : 13 LA LA I be not fuck the homeboy . I look like that little paisa hoochy you guy kick it with ? I put in real work . demon I see you look at the homeboy . LA LA whatever . demon wachale . slow up . this be the street . the three gangster pull blue rag over they face ... kerchack ! -- weapon be cocked ... big evil trucha , homie . they might have fool post up . demon right there . right there . that 's they . mira mira mira . alli van . go , mar ! La La hit the gas then hit the brake when they reach the target ... big evil I be smoking all this fuckin ' mayate . the slide door be open -- gun be raise ... pop - pop - pop -pop - pop ! -- the homy unload a fusillade of bullet ... ext./ int . L.A. street / cop car ( moving ) - night 14 Zavala drive . Taylor enter license plate number into the computer ... taylor she 's smart . she 's the first girl I can actually have a conversation with . you know she have master of Science in fluid hydraulics ? ( continued ) 14 continued : 28 . 14 zavala fluid hydraulics ? dang , partner . you just hand I a blank check . but because you seem to like this broad I be go to give you a pass . taylor I date all this girl . smoke hot . zavala all you little badge bunny ? taylor I get laid without a badge , thank you . zavala I believe you . I do . in the Marines . do not ask do not tell ? taylor there 's a pattern . a m.o. here . first date and a respectful kiss . second date , a nice dinner , then full carnal knowledge . third date 's dinner and uncomfortable silence when I try and discuss anything of merit . then it 's two or three bootycall and it 's on to the next . zavala I go to my prom and get marry a week later . I be not tapped nobody but Old faithful for like eight year . do not know what you be trip about , dude . taylor I want someone to talk to . not just sleep with . zavala White people always get hang up on all that soulmate bullshit . just hook up with some fine - ass broad that can cook and want kid . a bitch that 's down for you , will not fuck you friend and you be straight . you be the smartest dude I know . for real . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 continued : 29 . ( 2 ) 14 zavala ( cont 'd ) you be not gonna find a bad - ass chick who 's as smart as you . taylor you be so full of shit . you talk to gabby ? I mean real conversation . you care what she have to say , right ? zavala yeah , we rap all the time , man . gabby 's a trip . you should hear the shit that come out of she mouth . she could be the fuckin ' president . she 's like way smarter than I . taylor see what I mean ? that 's all I want . zavala I will kill you if you touch she . taylor shut up . zavala what 's this chick 's name ? taylor Janet . she 's kind 'a the complete package . we be go out again . zavala Saturday 's my little sister 's quincefiera , wanna cruise through with Janet from another planet ? shit 's gonna be hardcore mexican , you know how my familia roll . taylor maybe . maybe . zavala I wanna check she out . suddenly the emergency code three tone come from the radio ... dispatch voice thirteen - Adam - twenty five . shoot in progress . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 15 30 . continued : ( 3 ) 14 dispatch voice ( cont 'd ) thirty nine twenty avalon Avenue . one male down . multiple gunshot wound . suspect vehicle describe as a white minivan . last see flee at a high rate of speed westbound on thirty ninth Street . suspect describe as Hispanic female driver and three Hispanic male with shave head and dark clothing . code three incident two one zero four one . orozco' voice thirteen - Adam -twenty five . enroute . code three . zavala wish that be we call . taylor address be Mr. Tre 's house . zavala shooter gotta be from curbside . be heating up . taylor I bet the blood be enroute time now for some payback . zavala we will beat them there , bro . Zavala gun the engine and flip a tight u-turn . they race toward the curbside neighborhood ... ext./ int . curbside hood / cop car ( moving ) - night 15 Zavala slowly cruise along the neat little house in the work class latino street . lot of child play in yard . Zavala make eye contact with a mom watch she kid ... zavala ( subtitle Spanish ) ma'am , get you kid inside . right now . now be not a good time for they to be outside , understand ? ( continued ) 15 31 . continued : 15 the Mom understand perfectly . she quickly shepherd she five kid inside . the car pull alongside a group of teenage homeboy and homegirls gather around a custom car . one of the kid , who we will see again be casper a basically decent charismatic 13 y.o . taylor casper . all of you . go inside . it 's after curfew . casper c'mon Officer Taylor . it 's my pad , dude . we be not drink or nothing . taylor Fine . keep stand around . because a p.b. blood be dead on the ground from a drive - by shoot . what do you think be go to happen next ? the kid trade look . and quickly melt away to they house . jump CUT -- minute later ... Word have get out . the street be now empty . Doors be close . the previously vibrant neighborhood be on lock - down in anticipation of the blood 's retaliation . Zavala and Taylor be park , light off . watch the street ... zavala partner . Zavala point out a suspicious car a couple block away ... the car must have spot the black and white -- it do a U -turn and exit the area ... taylor let 's check he out . Zavala pull out . then -- the emergency tone interrupt the regular radio chatter ... dispatch voice thirteen - Adam - thirteen . two - eleven in progress . thrifty mart. forty-forty -one Adams . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 16 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 dispatch voice ( cont 'd ) no suspect description . code three incident four two seven nine eight one . taylor we be on . ( into mic ) thirteen -adam - thirteen . enroute code three . Zavala flip on the light and siren . peel out of there in the opposite direction of the suspicious vehicle ... taylor ( cont 'd ) wonder who that be . get the plate ? zavala no . my gut 's say it 's the blood . taylor it 's ping - pong . back and forth . back and forth . zavala it 's all good . I think we just stop something , man . taylor hope so , bro . clear right . CUT to black : a title card read : '' cindy quincenera " int . social hall — night 16 lnote : coverage be a combination of even videographer footage , cellphone and handheld video . ] cindy be Zavala 's 15 y.o. baby sister and this be she party . there be lot of teenager , the girl in match purple dress , the guy in white zootsuit and fedora . this be the latino equivalent of a cotillion . the hall pack with Zavala 's extend family , all in suit and evening dress . Zavala dance a waltz with Cindy in she puffy purple dress . now Taylor dance with Cindy , both look embarrassed ... 17 33 . int . social hall — night ( later 17 at a table -- Zavala , gabby , Taylor and janet talk over the loud music . Janet be petite , very pretty and a bit of a geek . she 's every bit Taylor 's match . zavala pretty much everyone here 's family . cousin , aunt and uncle and my cousin 's cousin . hang out long enough and you will see someone throw up . you will see a fight . it 's all good . janet I be irish . it 's the same thing . everyone stay marry forever . everyone have a big family , lot of kid . case of beer on Saturday and Church on Sunday . they drink way too much , get in fistfight . but you mess with one of we , you will have the whole family after you . gabby I like she , Brian . she will fit right in . taylor uh , okay . janet what do you do gabby ? gabby I teach first grader for the school district . so deal with a bunch of cop be easy for I . janet you know I never date a cop before . gabby good . that 's a good sign . you will get use to it . sort of . re : gabby 's swollen belly . janet you first ? ( continued ) 17 continued : 34 . 17 gabby yep . janet can I touch it ? gabby go for it . he kick a lot . feel that ? janet omigod . zavala you believe that ? married four year and we be only on we first kid . gabby my sister 's get five . no thank you . I be not a baby machine . janet how long have you know Brian ? gabby Three year . he and Mike go to the academy together . if you wanna take note I can give you the lowdown . taylor no. gabby . no . I think we be cool . gabby we be . this be lady talk . we gotta look out for each other the way you guy have each other back . go get another beer . zavala grab the camera and speak into it close up ... zavala we now have a hen party in progress . Officer Taylor and I be now go to the bar and talk shit . 18 19 35 . int . social hall — night ( later 18 everyone do the Chicken dance -- camera find : Taylor and Janet have a great time together . he like this girl . there 's chemistry . CUT to -- a tight shot : of Taylor and Janet slow dance together . they smile at each other . Close they eye and kiss -- Long and open mouth . Taylor crack a eye . look angrily at camera : taylor seriously ? Z. c'mon . Zavala 's laughing shake the camera as he turn it off . later -- it 's the end of the night . gabby be filming Zavala and Taylor , both have have plenty of beer and be in full on " I love you , man " mode . zavala you be like my fuck brother man . my brother 's a piece of shit . I trust you with my life . taylor I too . I could not work with anyone else . we can read each other 's mind . I know what you be go to do before you do it . gabby spin the camera on herslef and janet ... gabby see , girl . this be the part where they make out . I be not gonna lie . I get jealous sometimes . you be drive right ? janet I will take he home . CUT to : int . taylor's apartment — bedroom — dawn 19 the next morning . the sun be just rise . Janet look into Taylor 's camera , nervous . still in the same dress . janet hi Brian . look it 's you ... ( continued ) 19 36 . continued : 19 she pick the camera pan it on a sleeping brian . crashed in he bed . she return the camera to its original position . janet ( cont 'd ) I can not believe I spend the night . brace yourself . but this be the first time I have do this . ever . I do not mean , like sex . you be number two . uh , erase that part . I have be go through you wallet . I hope you do not mind . sorry , I be naturally curious . gotta like a guy who have a picture of mom . she hold up a picture of Brian 's mom . then she hold up a paper with phone number and female name . janet ( cont 'd ) so about kirsten , Mia , racquel , etcetera . yeah . you will not be need they anymore . now this be interesting . she hold up he off -duty gun . janet ( cont 'd ) I have never shot one . maybe that can be we next date ? she purse she lip and sigh . she have something hard to say . janet ( cont 'd ) okay . here 's the deal , Brian Taylor . I like you a lot . I mean a lot . and it 's not because you this big bad cop . it 's in spite of it . I do not do this . I do not do guy . like dating . I have spend the last six year read engineering papers . I be all or nothing . and I be fall really hard for you and it 's really scare I . but I can not play game . and I can not hang out and pretend to have a good time if I do not know exactly where I stand . ready ? sit down . I love you Brian Taylor and if you do not think you will feel the same way someday then walk away now . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 20 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 19 janet ( cont 'd ) you will not have to say a thing . I will not hold it against you and I will move on . take you time . think about it . here 's you chance to make the easiest getaway ever . but if you want more . if you want I . I mean if you really want I . then let I know . she smile . so beautiful , so vulnerable . she kiss the lens , leave a lipstick print . she get up to leave -- janet ( cont 'd ) bye . --turning the camera off . CUT to : ext . south central L.A. — alley -— day 20 [ note : handheld by taylor . ] we be look at the white minivan the homy from curbside use in the drive - by . it have be burn and be still smoking . Zavala be intently check the ground for clue . Taylor narrate : taylor this be what we believe may be the code thirty seven vehicle use in the drive - by last week . it fit the description and come back as steal . and you can see the steering column have be rip open . gangmember like this vehicle because they blend in and you can put a lot of people in they . this door slide back and the gangmember open up . the victim be a male black gangmember from a blood set that have basically be at war with this Hispanic gang over control of narcotic sale . Zavala shine he light into the van . zavala partner . ( continued ) 20 38 . continued : 20 camera find -- several shellcasings on the floor of the vehicle . taylor that be shell casing . detective tell we that three different weapon be use and we be see at least two kind of shell . camera pan onto -- a unmark Crown Vic pull up and two homicide detective get out in they starch shirt and silk tie . taylor ( cont 'd ) this be the homicide detective work the case . homicide detective 1 the Hell 's this ? candid camera ? taylor no , sir . it 's a project I be work on . homicide detective 1 match we wit statement . taylor there 's forty five and nine millimeter shellcasings inside . homicide detective 2 oh yeah ? how do you know that ? you grab them and measure they with caliper ? you touch they ? you contaminate the vehicle ? taylor nossir . zavala we find it . we call you . homicide detective 1 the big dog be here now . so put up some yellow tape and stay on the other side . we will whistle if we want anything . zavala okay , sir . ( continued ) 20 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 Zavala and Taylor walk away from the van as the detective check it out . taylor turn the camera on himself . he really wish he be a detective . taylor okay . we will guard the crime scene while the detective and criminalist do they CSI thing . Zavala squeeze into the shot grin ... zavala homicide detective be cool . they have fancy tie and two hundred dollar shoe . if we be good they might let we get they coffee -- jump CUT -- yellow tape surround the van . the two detective and a criminalist finish up . a tow truck stand by to impound the vehicle . taylor it 's be two hour and we be still wait for the detective to release the scene so we can go back on patrol . he swing the camera on a bore zavala . zavala comfortable footwear . Police be all about comfortable footwear . they stand there . look like a couple little kid in time out . Zavala lean against they black and white . zavala ( cont 'd ) hey , what happen to homegirl with the hydraulics ? Janet ? a beat . taylor you know . she start make cow eye at I . and , uh ... you know just , uh , try to institute rule and regulation . zavala that why you have be act like a little bitch ? ( more ) ( continued ) 40 . 20 continued : ( 3 ) 20 zavala ( cont 'd ) do not wanna give up the candy for something real , huh ? I know you . crawl back to she on you hand and knee , dude . pray she take you back . taylor ..- what ev 's ... a black and white pull up . it 's Van hauser -- the angriest cop in the World . he 's riding with a female Korean rookie . taylor ( cont 'd ) Officer Van hauser . good evening . van hauser sarge say I should relieve you guy so you can go be the street god you be . zavala I be down with that . taylor Officer Van hauser , have you make a difference today ? Van hauser get out of the car with a scowl , he bark at he rookie : van hauser get out . watch the street . make sure no asshole walk up and kill we . now he point at camera : van hauser ( cont ’d ) turn that goddamn camera off . taylor it 's off . van hauser it 's off ? taylor it 's off . Taylor be a pretty good liar . Van hauser lean against he unit , cross he arm . ( continued ) 20 21 41 . continued : ( 4 ) 20 van hauser I see you guy try to be good little company man , do the Lord 's work . you have you nose up the command 's ass . you be out here do whatever it be you think you be do . make a difference as you call it . it 's all fun and game . you get to run jump fight and shoot . well one day , and mark my word . one day the lapd be go to bend you over you black and white and fuck you up the ass . they will fuck you so long and so hard you will want to eat you gun just to make it stop . and if you do not do it and the fuck somehow stop , they will punish you for not eat you gun . they will give you freeway therapy by assign you to devonshire daywatch . so you spend two hour on the freeway everyday think about the fuck they give you . I be just like you Taylor . exactly like you . make a difference . at least the bad guy attack from the front . the department sneak up from the rear . watch you six . camera catch the mortify expression of the young rookie who overhear all that . Zavala grin and pull a clear bottle from he pocket ... zavala I be ready . it may say purell . but it 's really k.y . Taylor crack up laugh ... ext./ int . curbside neighborhood / cop car - day 21 Zavala and Taylor sit in the shade of a tree watch the neighborhood . Taylor use a pair of binocular . sarge pull alongside . zavala c'mon sarge , we be stake out curbside . they be gonna spot you unit . ( continued ) 21 continued : 42 . 21 sarge you think they do not know you be here ? Van hauser want to file a complaint on you , Taylor . taylor the USS Van hauser ? lapd 's stealthiest submarine , only surface at the end of watch ? sarge he go through the academy before you be bear so show a little respect . he say you be videotape he . I warn you about that shit . taylor I be document a crime scene . sarge just consider the wisdom of what you be do . the video camera have not be good to this department . taylor I understand , sarge . zavala yo . why 's Van hauser such a bitter dude ? if he hate push a black and white so much why do not he leave he badge on the watch Commander 's desk and go home ? sarge I do not tell you this . he be program to pull the pin a couple year ago . he 's get three divorce under he belt so he margin be pretty slim . turn out marriage three - point - oh crater because he be tapping a little mommy from right around here and knock she up . he 's gotta keep work to pay for the kid . he will end up do thirty and give away he pension to a lot of outstretch hand . ( continued ) 21 43 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 zavala ...damnnnnn ... sarge that 's not for broadcast . have some empathy for the man . and Taylor , I be enter in my log I verbally counsel you about the camera . taylor okay , sarge . my bad . sarge pull away . Zavala and Taylor trade look . taylor ( cont 'd ) that explain so much . zavala hope he do not get he rookie pregnant . then we will never get rid of he . gonna put you stupid camera away now ? taylor no . Taylor lift he binoc . watch the street . a fancy pick - up truck stop at a house . a big mexican cowboy get out . a woman exit the house and give hima heavy pot , presumably of soup ... taylor ( cont 'd ) be not that Big evil 's mom ? zavala yep . who 's the cowboy ? taylor he 's get money . see that truck ? I be run it . Zavala be already pull out . Taylor do not have to say anything . up ahead the pick - up pull out . the black and white fall in behind it . zavala wanna jam this fool ? ( continued ) 21 22 44 . continued : ( 3 ) 21 taylor yes I do . plates be clean . zavala we PC 's that stupid CD hang from the rearview mirror obstruct he vision ? let 's see if he will run . taylor let 's do it . he switch on the light , give the siren a quick whoop . zavala c'mon fucker . run from we . run fucker . the pick - up pull over . taylor thirteen-adam - thirteen . traffic stop . forty two hundred block of waverly . four Boy seven three one two . Black Ford pick -up . Taylor and Zavala trade look , exit the vehicle ... ext . south central l.a . — waverly STREET — day 22 lnote : coverage be combination of the dash cam and the hidden cameras on the boy ' uniform . ] Zavala approach the cowboy , Taylor hang back cover he . zavala habla ingle of espanol ? cowboy hablo espanol . zavala Le estamo deteniendo porque tiene un CD colgado en su espejo . salte de vehiculo por favor . cowboy chinga tu madre ! the cowboy raise _a chrome .45 pistol ... ( continued ) 22 45 . continued : 22 with he boxer 's reflex Zavala bat the gun aside right as the cowboy fire ... bam ! -— — zavala gun ! Zavala grab the gun with both hand ... Taylor pull he weapon -- smashes the passenger window of the pick - up with he Glock and screw it into the cowboy 's ear ... taylor suelta la pistola of the vuelo los seso ! the cowboy know he 's be have . and drop he pistol ... Zavala rip he door open and haul the man to the ground and cuff he . Taylor see no one else be in the truck . he key he mic ... taylor ( cont 'd ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . man with a gun . Shots fire . code four . one in custody . request a supervisor . to Zavala : taylor ( cont 'd ) you good , partner ? any hole in you ? zavala no . I get he , toss the truck . Zavala pick up the man 's custom pistol -- diamond encrust with ivory grip . zavala ( cont 'd ) dude 's burner have bigger diamond than the old lady 's wedding ring . ( to the cowboy ) De donde ere ? cowboy come verga puto . Taylor take the lid off the big soup pot . see it 's full of exactly that -- soup . ( continued ) 22 23 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 he pick it up . set it on the street . tip it over with he boot -- Soup spill everywhere -- as do several pack of plastic wrap $ 100 bill . Taylor return to the truck -- his face turn white . he take something out he have not see before and hold it up so Zavala can see ... taylor partner . it 's a gold plate AK - 47 ... zavala Big money . Big gun . homie 's a player . orozco and Davis pull up ... orozco save anything for we ? zavala check it out . dude 's packin ' liberace 's AK . Taylor take a cellphone from the truck and scroll through the number ... int . newton diviston — report writing room -— night 23 [ note : camera sit before they on the table holding they in a 2 shot . ] Taylor and Zavala write up the paperwork on the arrest . the money and weapon on the table before they . Taylor hold up the cowboy 's chrome .45 and the stack of cash ... taylor here we have two of the major foodgroups . money . and gun . zavala more than I make in a year right there , partner . Taylor hold up a property book form to camera ... taylor this be how the department run . this be the lifeblood of we organization . Paper work . ( continued ) 23 47 . continued : 23 zavala hour of it . taylor the way red corpuscle carry oxygen through the body , paperwork carry information through the department . zavala what 's a corpuscle ? Captain reese enter . Taylor and Zavala tense . captain reese gentlemen . zavala / taylor good evening , sir . captain reese so this be it ? quite some hardware . Captain reese pick up the gold AK . captain reese ( cont ’d ) keep take gun off the street . then : captain reese ( cont ’d ) carry on . Captain reese exit . Taylor watch he go . zavala you love he . taylor woman want he . Men want to be he . zavala you want he . taylor I be not gay but I would go down on he if he ask . ( continued ) 23 24 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 23 zavala sometimes I do not know when you be kid . I gotta know when you be kid . taylor I be not kid . zavala not cool . I gotta know . Taylor check he watch . suddenly stand ... taylor I be out of here . take Janet to the philharmonic . zavala ah-ha , motherfucker ! how bad do you have to kiss she ass for be a dick ? knew you would go back . taylor bye . zavala later . enjoy you white people shit . CUT to black : a title card read : " the FIRE " ext . / int . south central l.a./ cop car ( moving ) - night 24 it 's 2 a.m. on one of that rare quiet night . Zavala drive as usual . Taylor do book . enter plate in the computer . taylor how do you know you be gonna marry gabby ? zavala she tell I . taylor no for real . ( continued ) 24 continued : 49 . 24 zavala I be just a stoner work at my uncle 's muffler shop . one day she grab I by the shoulder and tell I we be get marry and I be join the department because I can make a lot money without a college degree . I be like " okay . " taylor but you love she . I have never hear you say a bad word about she . you guy never fight . you be happy together . zavala all of the above . I be just tell you how it go down . I dunno . I pop she cherry in High School . she 's never be with anyone else . I never want anyone else . ai not even kiss another chick since we hook up . it be easy . it 's always be easy . taylor thing be get super serious with Janet . zavala you just find out ? that in the paper today or something ? homegirl own you ass . taylor she want to move in . she 's always over . why spend the money on two apartment ? zavala it be not about money , dude . taylor her parent be very traditional . they will go ballistic if she do . but at least we can tell they we be engage . zavala yo. hold up . do not play with that . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 zavala ( cont 'd ) you do not ask some broad to marry you ' cause she folk be old school . think about this shit . then think about it again . you be chill . you be not a partier . but marriage be forever . that 's make a promise before God . taylor ... I know ... ( then ) I be scared shitless . zavala my grandma who 's like deep , dude . she 's like see it all . okay . when I and gabby get engage she ask I one thing . wanna hear it ? taylor let 's hear it . zavala she ask I if I could live without she . and if the answer be yes to forget she . taylor wow . zavala right , dude ? that 's some deep ass shit . think about it . taylor I be . then : taylor ( cont 'd ) make a right . we get a fire . zavala where ? -- oh shit . a large craftsman home be on fire . taylor ( into mic ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . we be code six on a structure fire . ( more ) ( continued ) 24 25 26 51 . continued : ( 3 ) 24 taylor ( cont 'd ) six three one twenty Sixth Street . you better send fire . ext . burning house - night 25 Zavala pull up to the burn house -- it 's nicely frame in the dash cam ... a_woman come run out with she hair smoking shrieking at the top of she lung ... Zavala and Taylor jump out . Zavala grab the fire extinguisher form the trunk ... fssssssh ! -- he douse the woman ... woman my baby be in there ! my baby be in there ! crash ! -- a window break from the heat . Taylor and Zavala have mortify expression ... zavala where ? woman in the bedroom upstairs . Zavala look at Taylor -- taylor Z! no ! -- and run inside the inferno -- Taylor run in after he ... int . burning house - night 26 lnote : we'll see this via the boy ' chest cam . ] Dark with black smoke . the fire roar . flashes of bright flame ... moving upstair -- brighter flame . denser smoke ... now crawl on they hand and knee . flame overhead . the smoke be a opaque move wall ... sound of groaning wood . break glass ... ( continued ) 26 27 28 52 . continued : 26 into a bedroom -- Children 's toy . a sbe with two twin boy in it -- hiding terrify under a blanket ... arm grab they ... camera Pov racing out of the house ... ext . burning house - night 27 the woman be delighted as Zavala and Taylor race out each carry a twin ... woman you get the twin ! where 's my baby girl ? zavala Lady you get more kid ? woman my girl . she 's two . Zavala and Taylor run back inside ... int . burning house - night 28 it 's worse -- dense black smoke ... they race upstairs ... now on they hand and knee . Bright flame . terrible smoke . they be coughing ... into the kid 's room -- toy be now melting !! they find the other bed -- the blanket smolder ... it 's empty ! zavala shit ! taylor let 's go ! Zavala check under the bed -- the scared little girl underneath it stare back at he ... Zavala snatch she up and run ... Taylor follow ... ( continued ) 28 29 30 31 53 . continued : 28 crash ! -- a window break -- the child 's room flash over with a camera blind explosion ... ext . burning house -— night 29 a firetruck roll up with blaring siren ... Zavala and Taylor exit the house and collapse in the yard . the woman cry with joy . her daughter be alive . two firemen come run , throw fire blanket on Taylor and Zavala 's smoking uniform ... ext . burning house - night 30 [ note : this be the channel 7 news report about the heroic rescue . ] a shot of firemen knock down the massive flame with hose . now a shot of Taylor and Zavala breathe oxygen in they t-shirt as they sit on the bumper of a lafd ambulance . now a shot of the reporter do she stand -up . it be much later . firemen roll up hose in b.g. reporter two lapd officer be be hail as heroes tonight after rescue three child from a burn home in South Central Los Angeles tonight . the officer , who the department have yet to identify , be be hold overnight for observation . the three child have be transport to Children 's Medical Center and be list in good condition with minor smoke inhalation and minor burn . it be expect they will make a full recovery . Roger , Michelle , back to you in the newsroom . CUT to : int . newton — roll call room — day 31 [ note : this be shot by a department videographer . ] ( continued ) 31 32 54 . continued : 31 it 's pack with cop -- all shape , size and rank . half the Station 's people be here . civilian employee too . they be wait for something ... sarge run into the room -- sarge here they come ! a beat later Zavala and Taylor enter ... everyone welcome back ! they look like deer in the headlight . they smile that tight smile when you be catch offguard ... Captain reese step up and shake hand with they ... captain reese gentlemen you be a credit to not just Newton but the entire department . I want to let you know the Chief call I this morning . both of you be go to receive the Medal of valor . congratulation . Zavala and Taylor 's stunne look say it all ... CUT to : ext . / int . south central l.a./ cop car ( moving ) - day 32 Zavala drive . Taylor keep book . they seem quiet and reflective . taylor you feel like a hero ? zavala no. taylor I neither . what 's a hero feel like ? zavala I dunno . you know I and gabby get in a huge fight over the fire . ( continued ) 32 continued : 55 . 32 taylor you do not tell I that . zavala she be mad I could 'a die for someone else 's kid and mine have not even be bear . she 's like " you be not a fireman . " taylor Janet say the same thing . I keep have this dream I be on fire and trap in the house and I go to open the door and the two gangbanger we shot be stand there aim gun at I and my holster 's empty . zavala jeeezus , dude . taylor I do not think I can go in another burn house . I only go in because you do . zavala I do not even think about it . start shaking in the hospital . gabby come in the room and start cry right away . taylor I do not want a medal . I just want to forget it happen . let 's get in a gunfight or something fun . they bump fist : zavala I be right there , bro . taylor remember the cowboy with the blinge out AK ? zavala yep . he 's probably my cousin . taylor I crisscross some phone number in he cell . couple address be in we basic area . ( continued ) 32 33 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 zavala you be not a detective . taylor that guy 's something and he 's into something . da do not buy the adw . only file on the weapon beef . g- unit say they will get to he but they be too busy . narcs be not interested because we do not find dope . zavala you be not a detective . taylor I want to be a detective . zavala wannabe . you say it . CUT to : ext . boarded up house — day 33 Taylor and Zavala get out and approach the house . the yard be dead . the window 's cover with plywood . zavala abandon property ? taylor maybe . look at all the lock on the door . he check the side of the house sees pile of garbage bag . rip one open -- Paper plate spill out . he slashes open more bag -- all full of paper plate and plastic cup . taylor ( cont 'd ) partner . someone have a party ? squatter ? zavala food 's all fresh . taylor this be weird . Taylor cross to a plywood cover window . shine he flashlight into a gap . then ... ( continued ) 33 57 . continued : 33 woman' voice ayudeno por favor ! taylor ( into mic ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . code six . nine thirty one fifty third Street . requesting additional unit . Zavala pound on the front door . zavala policia ! abren la puerta ! policia ! the inner door open -- a tall cowboy -- stands behind the heavy iron gate . Zavala 's and Taylor 's antennas be raise . with he heavy accent : tall cowboy it 's okay . it 's okay . zavala abre la puerta . tall cowboy it 's okay . Goodbye . zavala vamo a tumbar la puerta si no abre . taylor fuck this guy . Taylor draw he Glock and aim at the man through the door ... the tall cowboy reluctantly unlock the three deadbolt and step aside . taylor ( cont 'd ) sus mano . levanta las mano . if look could kill this cowboy 's expression would be lethal -- he 's clearly a bad guy . the two ounce gold pistol hang form he neck do not give the warm fuzzy ... 34 35 58 . int . boarded up house -— day 34 Zavala draw he piece and move inside . from offscreen : zavala hook he up ! Taylor step in . Zavala have he gun on the cowboy . Taylor spin he -- revealing a_ magnum tuck in the small of the man 's back . taylor gun . Taylor take the man 's gun , shove it in he belt . cuff the man . search he . find another gun clipped to he ostrich skin boot . then a huge wad of cash in a AK - 47 shape money clip in he pocket . taylor ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) thirteen - Adam - Fifteen . we have one in custody with a gun . Taylor shove he to the floor face down . zavala partner . Zavala nod for he to look . Taylor turn and he face fall ... the house be pack with 50 illegal immigrant -- they have just find a safe house for human trafficking . orozco and Davis arrive . look piss ... orozco why you guy poach in we area ? she enter the house and see the mass of miserable scared people , Men , woman , Children ... orozco ( cont 'd ) omigod . CUT to : ext . boarded up house — day 35 Taylor and Zavala and a ice agent do stack of paperwork on the hood of a black and white . ( continued ) 59 . continued : 35 behind they the immigrant be searched and process by a half - dozen ice agent . taylor this be the second cowboy like this we have run into . ice agent watch out for this guy . they be bad , bad actor . taylor I know I be just a street cop but I would like a head up here . ice agent we have indicator this guy 's a footsoldier for the sinaloa cartel . taylor we do not get any hit when we run he . ice agent you be not privy to we database . cartel people be operate here . and we be watch . you do not have the proper clearance to hear more than that . be careful with this guy . zavala what do that mean ? ice agent it mean they be major player and you and you homeboy need to power down . the Ice agent walk away -- Zavala and Taylor trade look . zavala ... fed ... ext . big evil be house - night 36 [ note : this be handheld footage shot by the gangster themselves . ] ( continued ) 36 60 . continued : 36 a house party be in full swing . the music bump . we recognize Big evil , wick , La La , demon . there 's a dozen young homie and a plethora of hoodrat and fine mamy . demon roll a blunt . watch a Young homie do the " crip walk . " Big evil wave over a very pretty girl . hand she a plastic cup of beer . innocence in the lion 's de . big evil c'mere , baby doll . drink the Jim Jones . very pretty girl okay . demon eh , you like coke ? very pretty girl no . demon you ever fuck on heroin ? very pretty girl yeah right . demon I can fuck forever on that shit . I will eat you pussy for hour . very pretty girl you guy be crazy . LA LA turn around , mija . let I check out the nalgas . the pretty girl do . adlib of " damn " from the cholos . LA LA ( cont 'd ) get with I , yeah . this fool just wanna hit it and quit it . I will make you my lady . buy you shit . wicked buy she a fuckin ' raspado at the swap meet . LA LA shut -up . ( continued ) 36 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 36 La La pull out a huge wad of cash . LA LA ( cont 'd ) Louis vuitton . Jimmy Chu 's . c'mere , mamita . La La grab she hand and pull she onto she lap . plant on a long kiss . demon aw , hell no . suddenly a lookout come run into the back ... lookout alli viene la jura ! big evil hide the fuscas , perrito . Big evil , demon and La La quickly hand he they gun . the lookout scram , disappear through a hole in the fence ... Taylor , Zavala , orozco and Davis come walk into the back . lnote : now we'll add coverage from taylor and Zavala' chestcam . J zavala hide the gun . hide the dope . the jura 's here . taylor what 's the occasion ? big evil just kick back sir . everything 's under control . La La light a blunt . orozco glare at she . orozco have some respect , La La . do not smoke in front of we . LA LA take a hit . shit will chill you out , malinche . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 3 ) 36 orozco you even know who the malinche be ? LA LA she be a 0.g. paisa . when hernan cortes come with the Spanish soldier to conquer the aztecs she help he , she become he old lady and betrayed she own people . like you . orozco no La La. like you . gangbang . slange . make this a bad place for kid to live . LA LA I enjoy you theory . you know you want this . La La gesture at she sturdy , curvy body . orozco I would not fuck you if you be the last bitch on Earth . zavala duuude . you do not just say that . taylor so Mr. Big evil . why do they call you Big evil ? big evil because my evil be big . taylor you hear it here first , lady and gentleman . his evil be big . can you turn down the music ? we have a noise complaint . big evil consider it do , officer . CUT to black : super card : welcome to the world miguel zavala JR . 37 63 . int . hospital room — day 37 [ note : handheld video from gabby's sister hilda . j] gabby in bed , breast - feed she new baby . Zavala sit next to she , both look content and exhaust . gabby's mom and she brother joe be also present . gabby's mom gabby hold he head . gabby I be . mommy , he 's fine . gabby's mom put he in you elbow like this . joe like a football . gabby I can hold a baby . Zavala grin helplessly . overwhelm . then he brighten up and smile . zavala partner ! yo ! camera pan -- to find Taylor and Janet enter the room . Taylor set a vase of flower on a shelf . gabby they be so pretty , thank you . janet how 's mama do ? gabby mama 's tired and cranky . just like baby . mama want to choke she mama . gabby's mom gabby . janet you have a lot of hand to help out . zavala and a lot of opinion . ( continued ) 37 38 64 . continued : 37 taylor you name he Brian ? zavala sorry , bro . gabby he 's a junior . name he after he daddy . joe so what 's he name ? gabby's mom Joe . be nice , mijo . that 's you nephew . janet can I hold he ? a beat . every new mom be very protective . gabby smile . nod : yes . Janet carefully take the newborn in she arm . gabby's mom see , mija ? that 's how you hold a baby . Janet gently rock the baby , coo and smile . the infant grab she nose . she love kid . Zavala look at Taylor and grin ... zavala you be so do . Taylor look at Zavala . and know he 's right . int . biltmore HOTEL — grand ballroom — night 38 [ note : various shot from official department footage , handheld cameras , cellphone , etc . ] it 's the lapd 's annual Medal of valor ceremony . up on the stage be this year recipient -- ten cop of all age and color look crisp in they best dress blue uniform . Taylor and Zavala be among they . proud , head hold high . the mayor of LA read from they commendation ... during he speech we will see various shot of Janet and gabby in the audience . ( continued ) 38 39 65 . continued : 38 Taylor and Zavala on stage look humble . of they brother and sister cop in the audience . of the row of lapd brass and various city big shot . gabby hold they newborn of course , tear in she eye . Janet too ... L.A. mayor officer Brian Taylor and Officer miguel Zavala be on routine patrol in the six hundred block of twenty - Sixth street when they see smoke and flame come from a fire at a house . a woman exite the house and tell the officer that she child be inside . without wait for the fire department and without protective equipment , the officer enter the burn structure at great personal risk . the officer , work as a team , rescue the woman 's twin son . upon exite the house , they learn that a additional child be inside . they reentere what be now a inferno and feel they way through the smoke find the woman 's daughter and save the child from certain death . for they selfless action and exemplary service to the citizen of this city , the department be proud to award Officer Taylor and Officer Zavala the department 's high award ; the Medal of valor . now the chief of police hang medal around the neck of Taylor and Zavala and shake they whitegloved hand . the two officer return to they place in the line of recipient , verily glow . even to the hardest cop it 's a great feel . gabby can not help it , she scream ... gabby we love you , Mike ! ext . / int . south central l.a./ cop car ( moving ) - night 39 Zavala drive . with the usual new - father pall of sleeplessness . Taylor do book . ( continued ) 66 . continued : 39 taylor you have to sleep . I can not carry you every watch . zavala what ? taylor drink more coffee . zavala I be on my ninth Red bull . we be take turn feed , but dang , sometimes the little guy just go off . like you hear of colic ? that 's what they call it when nothing you do make the kid stop cry . the dude scream so loud I can feel it my soul . shit be real . I just wanna play football with he and tell he to watch out for skank already . taylor give it a few week . you guy will be barhopping together . then -- a panic fill voice break over the radio : rookie v.o. ( filter ) thirteen - Adam - forty -three ! Officer need help ! Zavala and Taylor be immediately hit with a adrenaline rush -- wait for she location -- it do not come ... taylor where ! where be you ? dispatch voice thirteen - Adam - forty - three what be you location ? rookie v.o. .-- I do not know ... taylor that 's Van hauser 's car . just book it South . go. go. Zavala flip a U. gun the engine ... ( continued ) 39 67 . continued : ( 2 ) 39 taylor ( cont 'd ) ( into mic ) find a street sign and put it out . rookie v.o. ( filter ) I do not see any . zavala pendeja ! taylor can you read a number off a building ? a house number ? rookie v.o. ( filter ) the house say three one seven seven . then the rookie scream -- her mike cut off . silence . taylor Holy shit . go! go! hook down maple then swing leave on thirty first . ( into mic ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen enroute code three . dispatch thirteen -adam - thirteen . Roger . code three . Zavala make a hard turn . the engine howl . the siren blare ... Taylor and Zavala scan the side street look for Van hauser 's black and white ... taylor there ! screech ! -- Zavala slam the brake , spin they car in a 180 -- then gun it down 3lst . Street ... up ahead -- be Van hauser 's car ... taylor ( cont 'd ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . code six . thirty one hundred block of Dorsey Ave . ( continued ) 39 40 68 . continued : ( 3 ) 39 Taylor unlock the shotun ... they car slide to a stop and the two cop spring out ... ext . dorsey avenue -— night 40 lnote : combination of dashcam footage and the boy ' wearable cameras . ] Taylor and Zavala run past the car . there sit on the ground be Van hauser -- he have a large kitchen knife stick out of he eye . it 's amazing he 's still alive . taylor do not move , brother . do not move . van hauser ..- Hispanic zerohead . parolee . White T. he 's huge ... taylor ( into radio ) thirteen-adam - thirteen . Officer down . knife wound to the head , conscious and breathe . request supervisor and a RA . suspect be a male Hispanic . shave head . White T-shirt . heavyset . on foot , eastbound through house , thirty one hundred block , Dorsey Ave . responding unit take Dorsey and thirtieth Street . they hear the rookie scream ... Zavala swing he flashlight ... down a driveway -- a giant fat cholo sit on top of the Korean rookie punch she in the face over and over ... kerchack ! -- Taylor rack the shotgun ... taylor ( cont 'd ) get the fuck off she or I will blow you out of you sock ! the ex-con cholo instantly comply -- he grab the sky , finger outstretch . he 's have he fun -- as calm as can be ... ( continued ) 40 69 . continued : 40 giant fat cholo be cool . I be do , sir . be cool . I be not resisting . I 'ma go with you now , officer . wham ! -- Zavala tackle he . cuff he . search he . taylor ( into radio ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . show a code four . one in custody . now every siren in the world blow out the sound as the cavalry have finally arrive ... Zavala check out the rookie and react -- her face may never be the same . zavala you be safe now . you be safe . jump CUT : Taylor hold Van hauser 's hand as he be load into the ambulance . the knife be tape in place . he be still very lucid ... taylor you be go to be okay . we get you back , brother . whatever you need . the badly wounded salty old cop smile and croak : van hauser ..- thanks ... sarge Taylor ! taylor turn -- bring sarge into view on he chestcam ... sarge ( cont 'd ) Taylor . hey . why do not you blow that asshole away ? you have he dead to rights . a beat . taylor sarge , I do not feel like kill anyone tonight . ( continued ) 40 4l 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 sarge you guy do good . let 's get this write up . make sure all the log match . brass will need clean paper on this one . dash cam shot -- Zavala walk up , join sarge and Taylor ... zavala sarge . you see that shit ? Van h have a goddamn ginsu set in he eye . sarge he be not come back . Split he eyeball . you could see he lens hang out . rookie be not come back either . sarge pull the rookie 's badge from he pocket . sarge ( cont 'd ) she give I this for the watch Commander . a quiet beat as three veteran cop bath in the glow of a black and white 's headlight ponder the fragile nature of they life ... ext . / int . south central l.a./ cop car ( moving ) - day 41 zavala drive , smile into the handheld camera that taylor hold . zavala on today 's episode we be roll to acall . it 's just a welfare check . a woman call the station to check on she elderly mother . taylor this be the kind of call that most agency deal with . not every call be a foot pursuit or a car chase . there be officer at other place that have never draw they weapon or be in a gunfight . ( continued ) 4l 42 43 71 . continued : 41 zavala here that 's everyday before code - Seven . taylor code seven be lunch for you civilian out there . ext . welfare check house — day 42 Zavala and Taylor at the door . they knock . taylor Mrs. Williams . Police officer . zavala probably do not change the battery on she hearing aid . jump CUT -- Zavala return to the porch after check the window . taylor so the daughter be the owner of the house and have give we permission to enter for a welfare check . we be go to boot the door . Zavala cock back he size ten and -- wham ! kick open the front door . zavala when she roll up from church bingo or the store or whatever and see the property damage , then we will be the bad guy . that 's when the smell hit they ... taylor we get a body . they pull they flashlight and enter the dark house ... int . welfare check house — day 43 the vibe be one of danger and forebode . this be a very bad place to be ... ( continued ) 43 72 . continued : 43 Taylor and Zavala immediately sense something be very wrong . they draw they weapon ... taylor lapd ! zavala policia ! Taylor turn down he radio , and they listen a beat . it 's dead quiet -- just the buz of fly . the live room be full of empty beer bottle , hole be punch in the wall . there be extensive gang tag . taylor squatter ? zavala look like the ese be kickin ' back here . they begin clear hide place . Taylor open a closet ... taylor found she . inside the closet -- be the corpse of a old woman wrap in plastic and duct tape . Brown liquid pool inside . taylor ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . request supervisor . possible one eight seven . they move further into the dark old house . Zavala open a bedroom . zavala Brian . Taylor enter ... Inside be several case of pickle chily in glass jar from Mexico ... taylor this be random . ( continued ) 43 44 45 46 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 43 Taylor unscrew a jar . pour it out -- a plastic and foil wrap cylinder fall out . Taylor kneel and cut it open -- reveal white crystalline powder ... taylor ( cont 'd ) dope. they keep move to clear the final room -- it 's door be double padlock . Zavala give it the boot ... int . welfare check house — back room — night 44 wham ! -- the door fly off it 's frame and Zavala and Taylor enter ... it 's a nightmare inside . the room be line with black plastic . five body in they underwear lay behead , arm bound behind they back . they man have clearly be torture ... ext . welfare check house — night 45 now surround by yellow tape , cop car , unmarkeds and coroner' van . we jump into the Channel 7 news story midstream ... reporter -- one of the large narcotic seizure in what can only be describe as a gruesome discovery . the five body be describe as show evidence of torture . a police official familiar with the investigation deny rumor that mexican drug cartel be responsible for the murder . as you can see behind I , FBI and homeland Security Agents have take over the crimescene -- click -- camera turn off . black screen . then : ext . steven' steakhouse — night 46 [ note : this be grainy FBI surveillance footage shot with a nightvision lens . 1 ] ( continued ) 46 74 . continued : 46 a_superimposed title read : " FBI -- law enforcement use only " this be a steak and dinnershow place for monied mexican . in a corner of the parking lot , a group of mexican cowboys be gather by a couple horse trailer . over we hear -- a subtitle cellphone intercept of two cartel member speak Spanish in a sinaloa drawl ... voice 1 we be have a lot of problem . many problem . the people South want something do . this be two cop , right ? two regular policeman ? voice 2 yes . they be policeman . voice 1 my boss , the top boss , want they take care of . voice 2 they be police . voice 1 they be local police . bad thing happen to police all the time . it be a dangerous job . voice 2 I understand , boss . but it be different here . in Mexico I would take care of tonight . voice 1 look . you do not take care of this asshole soon , we both will lose we head . I be not go to argue with you . if you can not do it , tell I . there be many of we there now . voice 2 it 's okay . consider they cook . voice 1 okay . do not leave we print on this . it have to look routine . ( continued ) 46 47 48 75 . continued : ( 2 ) 46 voice 2 that 's no problem . there 's lot of crazy people here . people that hate cop . people in gang . voice 1 okay . take some of the money . just write down on what you spend it on . soon . do it soon . voice 2 yes sir . click . CUT to : title card : mr. and mrs . brian taylor ext . castaway' restaurant -— day 47 [ note : this be mostly wedding videographer footage with some cellphone and handheld coverage . ] the wedding gazebo overlook a epic view of burbank . Janet be in a traditional gown , Taylor wear crisp dress blue . they stand before they pastor ... pastor you may kiss the bride . Taylor lift she veil . there be tear in both they eye . this be a couple that be truly in love ... they kiss -- and the crowd go nut ! now we see -- Zavala be he best man ... there 's a few cop in uniform . a couple marine in they iconic blue . Taylor 's parent , white haire solid citizen from Ohio . and a strong show from Janet 's extended irish family ... camera find gabby , hold she baby . the normally tough woman dab she eye with a fistful of tissue . int . reception hall — night 48 the couple have they first dance -- look into each other 's eye , smile . slowdance to lionel ritchie ... ( continued ) 48 76 . continued : 48 then the dj switch it up and bump some Sir mix - a - lot . Janet and Taylor break into the routine they have be work on . lot 's of spin , dip and choreograph hip hop move . utterly hilarious ... now Janet and Taylor cut the cake . they end up smear cake on each other 's face ... it 's time for the toast . Zavala stand before the newlywed . he 's already a little in the bag ... zavala I have know Brian since the academy . he help I with the coursework . and I help harden he up so he could pass pt . I do not really like cop . maybe ' cause of where I grow up . but Brian be cool so I figure we should work patrol together . you sit in a car with the same dude watch after watch and you know they . and the second I see he with Janet , I be like that 's it . she 's he lady . so I be not surprised to be here . just that it take so long . and Janet , you get a lot of heart hook up with acop . you gotta be a strong person . I see a lot of cop ' wife here and they be all nodd they head . we be all hope that you can make a man out of Brian because we have give up . ( to Brian ) do not give I that look . brother , you take care of she . ' Cause I be she big brother now . all this cop in here . we be she family now too . okay . let 's drink already . I be tired of hold this glass up . to Brian and Janet . cheer . everyone cheer . later -- the boy be huddle for shot of tequila . orozco be there in a pretty dress . the sarge . other newton cop we recognize . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 48 zavala orozco , I do not know you be pretty . sarge that statement could be misconstrue . zavala by who ? orozco 's the mean ass ugly big sister who shoot people I never have . orozco sarge , it 's Taylor 's reception . put the badge away . sarge okay . sorry . Zavala pour everyone shot of patron . the knot of cop , two Marines Taylor serve with , hold up they glass . zavala why would you get marry in uniform , bro ? if you work at best buy would you wear the stupid polo shirt ? taylor Hell yes . I be represent . you know I love you . orozco here they go . zavala I love you too , brother . taylor serious . I would lay down my life for you . zavala I would take a bullet for you , homie . sarge why do not you two get marry ? closer than girlfriend . taylor okay-okay-okay . everyone just shut up and take a shot . ( continued ) 48 78 . continued : ( 3 ) 48 zavala salud , bitch ! everyone salud ! they down the shot . later -- Music bump , people dance . Taylor and Janet and Zavala and gabby sit at a table , relaxed , content . gabby Marriage be pretty basic . you gotta give it up all the time . Girls throw it at cop . do not give he a reason , sweetheart . zavala gabby . gabby and you get to be a freak , girl . try new thing . zavala you be cut off . orozco come run up with a worried expression ... orozco hey . sarge be hell 'a fade and cry about he partner that get shot back in the day and he wife want he to go home . we gotta get he in the car . gabby go help you boss . Zavala get up , follow orozco . janet do you ever get jealous ? of the female officer ? gabby cop or not . any of that bitch touch my man I will kill they . straight up . taylor she will too . you down for a one eight seven ? ( continued ) 48 49 50 79 . continued : ( 4 ) 48 janet I will leave you wonder on that one . ext . grand canyon — day 49 on honeymoon , Taylor stand on the edge of the majestic canyon at sunset , the orange and purple color of the canyon wall be intoxicating . he smile at camera , which Janet hold , a big genuine in - love smile ... taylor I think I be happy . but I never think I could be this happy . do not know it be possible . you be like life on crack . janet oh , God . on crack ? taylor it 's a say . slip I some tongue . janet ( laugh ) who be you ? I marry such a nice young man ? taylor you marry a ghetto street cop . they embrace and kiss , camera between they , look straight up as they kiss ... ext . / int . south central l.a./ cop car ( moving ) - day 50 linote : capture by taylor's two in - car cameras . ] Zavala check a text message . Taylor wave at a homeless man push a cart . zavala gabby want to know if you and Janet wanna go to the dodger game with we tonight . taylor we be go to Santa Barbara . ( continued ) 50 80 . continued : 50 zavala fuck you then . Mr. Tre come run up to they car in a bathrobe . mr . tre yo. officer . zavala what 's up , Tre ? mr . tre Word 's go around the ese put a green light on y'all . zavala that 's what 's go around ? mr . tre yep . my roaddog just get outta the pen . Heard it up North . taylor you sure it 's we ? mr . tre Taylor and Zavala . that 's you be not it ? Zavala check he nametag . zavala yep . thanks for the head up . do not mean you get a pass if we catch you slip . mr . tre I know . watch y'all back . Zavala and Taylor . when they get a distance away the grin at each other and tap fist . zavala Hell yeah . taylor you know we be make a difference if we be pissing people off that much . 51 81 . int . / ext . south central l.a./ minivan ( moving ) - day 51 not : handheld video . La La drive . she 's switch up she appearance -- she look like any other latina mom in the neighborhood . in back be Big evil , wick and demon hold the camera . the guy have bandanas cover they face . wick heft a shotgun . camera pan -- to reveal they be follow a lapd black and white . big evil tap they bumper at the stop sign . and we will jump out and blast . LA LA no. let 's get them then they go to lunch . at that chinese place . big evil there 's a gang 'a cop there all the time . they gotta be alone . LA LA we can follow they ass home . big evil mira , homegirl . the whiteboy life in simi Valley . the other fool 's in San Gabriel . we gotta hit the fucker at the same time . demon this be the one-time , homie . not a bunch 'a nigger . why we do this shit ? big evil this wire 's straight from the shu , homie . you get in the car . now pay the ticket for all the good time . price of fuck admission , ese . LA LA this be fuck stupid . that fool get bullet proof vest . we need aks and shit . ( continued ) 51 52 82 . continued : 51 big evil do not rank out , La La. LA LA fuck you . when the fuck have I ever back down from shit , huh ? I be say we can not fuck this up . I do not give a fuck , I will do the time . but I do not want the big homy whack I for fuck up . we need a plan . a beat . wicked the homegirl 's right , ese . big evil fuck it . head back . La La make a right ... camera stays on the black and white as it continue up the street . oblivious to the danger it be in ... int . newton division — roll call room — day 52 [ note : handheld , taylor operating . ] Taylor be up to something sneaky . he try not to laugh as he say this at camera : taylor never fall asleep in a room full of cop . he pan onto Zavala who then tickle the nose of a sleeping cop with a pencil ... the sleep cop scratch he nose -- with a hand full of shaving cream . ( yep , it 's the old summercamp trick . ) he startles awake . look around angrily . the dozen cop in the room crack up ... sleeping cop Zavala , that 's really professional behavior . just ' cause you win the medal do not give you a license to be a prick . ( continued ) 52 53 83 . continued : 52 not only do the prank work but the victim be extra upset . that get Taylor and Zavala bonus point . the dozen cop clap they approval . the sleep cop get up angrily and exit -- right as sarge enter . he instantly figure out what 's go on . point angrily at Taylor and Zavala ... sarge keep it up , you two . that kind of shit will earn you a risk management case . the department build you up , wanna see how quickly it can tear you down ? int . south central l.a./ cop car ( moving ) - night 53 Taylor and Zavala on regular patrol . zavala how be Santa Barbara ? taylor awesome . Janet 's pregnant . zavala get outta here . already ? dang , bro . she be not even mexican . taylor she 's get the ultrasound tomorrow to confirm , but three of that test thing be positive . Zavala shake Taylor 's hand . zavala congrat , man . would not it be crazy if we kid be push a black and white together one day ? taylor screw that . I want my kid to have a honest job . like a politician . we may not have notice -- but they have be follow a minivan . it pull alongside . then ... the minivan run a light -- narrowly miss a truck . ( continued ) 84 . continued : 53 zavala what a idiot . blow a light in front of a cop . taylor that 's contempt . Light ‘em up . Zavala gun the engine and follow the minivan ... zavala he 's run . taylor ( into mic ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . we be follow a vehicle fail to yield at a high rate of speed . eastbound on Adams . four Boy Edward X - Ray nine one five . grey Toyota minivan . request back -up . they follow the minivan around the corner . it 's speed into a area of closely pack residential street ... taylor ( cont 'd ) ( into mic ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . we be in pursuit southbound on hooper from Adams . the minivan make a surprise leave onto a dead end street . Zavala stay on its bumper . zavala they be gonna bail . sure enough the minivan screech to a stop in front of a apartment building -- the driver -- a young homeboy ... taylor ( into mic ) thirteen - Adam - thirteen . Foot pursuit . southbound from twenty five hundred hooper place . male Hispanic . Dark clothing . Taylor and Zavala give chase -- the Young homeboy run into a apartment building ... a forebode dark building -- with bar window ... if you stomach be not tie in a knot it should be ... 54 85 . int . apartment build — night 54 Taylor and Zavala enter the MAIN gate -- then follow the hall that lead to the open courtyard ... behind they -- they hear the steel gate slam close ... they enter the courtyard of the three story building -- open walkway surround the courtyard ... handheld video -- of taylor and zavala , shot from above , looking down . this be shot by our familiar homie ... [ note : we'll call this coverage cholocam . ] the handheld camera whip pan onto demon holding a AK - 47 , taking AIM at the cop below ... -- it 's a ambush ! -- Taylor 's alarm bell go off -- he grab Zavala and throw he against a wall right as ... brddddt ! -- brdddddt ! -- three aks open up from the shadow of the walkway above ... round crash into the stucco wall and cement patio raise huge cloud of dust ... Taylor scream into he radio -- taylor thirteen - Adam - thirteen . Shots fire officer need -- whack ! -- the radio be shot out of he hand . on cholocam -- La La hiss at demon ... LA LA you miss stupid . bam-bam-bam-bam ! -- Zavala return fire at the muzzle flash of a AK on a walkway above ... it 's suddenly quiet -- the cop can hear the ominous sound of AK 's be reload ... Taylor 's hand be bleed . taylor I be hit . ( continued ) 54 55 86 . continued : 54 zavala let 's go . they be reloading . they get up and run like panicked cat -- this be unfamiliar real estate ... they find a apartment unit without the ubiquitous steel door ... wham ! -- Zavala kick it open and they rush inside ... int . apartment unit — night 55 a scared young mother hug she baby in the blue glow of a tv . they run she past look for the back door out ... taylor no dice . we be trap . Taylor pull out he cellphone ... taylor ( cont 'd ) shit . I get no bar . you call dispatch . zavala my phone 's in the car . ( to the Young mother ) Dame tu telephone . she hand Zavala she cellphone . Zavala dial as Taylor cover the door ... taylor senora . bajase al suelo , por favor . the Young mother take he advise and lay down on the floor ... right then ... brddddt -brdddt-brddddddddt ! -- a fusillade of AK fire rip into the apartment ... Zavala hurl himself to the ground ... Taylor too ... AK round be punch through wall , shatter picture frame . incredible dust and noise ... ( continued ) 87 . continued : 55 the dispatcher answer . we hear the record call from the lapd dispatch archive ... dispatch voice Communications . zavala ( into cellphone ) this be thirteen - Adam - thirty . Officer need help . multiple suspect with automatic weapon . we be barricade in a apartment building . ( to the Young mother ) dime la direccion . young mother venti-cinco venti-dos . departamento c. zavala ( into cellphone ) twenty -five twenty - two hooper place apartment c. ext . apartment build — night 56 on cholocam -- Big evil whistle at demon . big evil eh , fool . can they get out ? demon no , homie . we get ‘em . big evil go down . go down . wick , bust some cap on ‘em while the homeboy move up . cholocam find wicked -- he aim at the apartment unit and squeeze off a couple shot ... the other homies head for the stairwell ... La La ( filming ) spin the camera on herself . grinning ... LA LA we so get this fool . 57 88 . int . apartment unit -— night 57 Zavala look relieved . zavala we be good . dispatch put it out . they be send the cavalry . Rolling swat , airship the World . pow - pow ! -- a couple AK round zip through the apartment . Taylor look decidedly worried . Zavala sees that ... zavala ( cont 'd ) partner ? taylor be not Big evil in the Army ? zavala yeah . taylor they be move . if they assault we can not hold they off . we have to lay down a base of fire and pivot . zavala I be not a Marine . the fuck 's that mean in cop ? taylor we be shoot we way out . zavala senora , no hay salida por alli ? young mother Si . a la izquierda . Hay una puerta que sale al parking . zavala there 's a door to the parking on the leave . taylor shooter 's on the second story . on three empty you mag and run . Zavala and Taylor get ready ... ( continued ) 57 58 59 60 89 . continued : 57 taylor ( cont 'd ) one. two . Three ! Zavala and Taylor charge out fire -- ext . apartment build — continuous - night 58 pop - pop - pop - pop - pop - pop - pop ! -- they hook leave and race towards a big grey door ... brdddddddt -- wick open up ... AK round splatter all over the place ... wicked they be get away ! Zavala reach the door . yank it open and dart in , hold it open for Taylor -- -- who dive like he 's slide into first base ... cholocam -- Big evil , demon and La La reach the apartment unit -- but they be too late ... ext . apartment build — parking lot - night 59 Taylor and Zavala run , they both reload -- they see a car with the engine run -- a cholo inside ... he raise a shotqun ... Taylor and Zavala open fire -- punch hole in the window , kill the cholo ... taylor ..- they be everywhere ... zavala keep go . taylor where 's the cavalry ? they exit the parking lot -- it lead to ... ext . long alley — night 60 it_is the most forebode alley in South Central ... ( continued ) 60 90 . continued : 60 litter with trash , abandon furniture , spike steel fence and corrugate tin . dog barking everywhere ... there be only one thing to do and that 's to keep run ... Taylor and Zavala run for they life ... taylor partner ? zavala huh ? taylor this suck . zavala I think we kill that guy . taylor good . they can hear siren approach ... zavala hear that ? taylor God yes . Fucking music . headlight -- a vehicle enter the far end of the alley and turn towards they . blind headlight ... zavala that we ? that PD ? the vehicle accelerate race toward they ... close the distance -- coming right at they ! Zavala open fire -- pop - pop - pop - pop ! Zavala and Taylor jump out of the way as the vehicle plow into a dumpster ... it 's a pick - up truck -- a homie with a AK sit in the bed ... brddddt ! -- he open fire ... pop - pop - pop ! -- Zavala shoot he in the head , he drop limp . ( continued ) 60 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 60 the pick - up truck get the hell out of there ... zavala ( cont 'd ) I light that asshole up . no response ... Zavala turn sees Taylor be on the ground , he 's take three AK round to the chest . he 's gasp for breath ... zavala ( cont 'd ) Brian ! fuck ! oh , fuck ! oh , god. he kneel by he partner side . inspect he wound . taylor it 's bad be not it ? zavala it 's bad . but I have see guy way more fuck up make it . taylor I be go to die . zavala shut-up . Zavala look around . desperate , worried ... zavala ( cont 'd ) where the fuck be everybody ? Taylor begin shaking . taylor I love Janet so much . zavala I know you do . taylor no . I love she so much . it hurt so much I love she . I do not want to lose she . Taylor 's eye roll back . he begin convulse ... zavala shit-shit-shit . ( continued ) 60 92 . continued : ( 3 ) 60 Zavala feel he pulse fade -- he unzip he shirt and un- velcros he vest -- initiates cpr , give he chest compression ... zavala ( cont 'd ) hold on . hang on partner ! cholocam -- approach Zavala as he give cpr to Taylor . follow Big evil and demon ... a shadow fall over he ... demon wassup puto ? Zavala 's stomach drop . he turn -- sees demon and Big evil aim a AK at he face , La La behind they filming it ... Zavala have to try . he can not just give up -- he grab for he holster Glock ... brdddddt ! -- Zavala be no more . his body collapse atop Taylor ... a peal of evil laughter from the cholos as they get the Hell out of there ... Zavala' chest cam -- it's still on -- angle down the far end of the alley ... siren growing louder -- now very Close ... a loud helicopter approach ... many more loud siren -- every cop in the city must be on the way ... a cop car race into the alley -- Blue and red light flash . then another cop car ... it screech to a stop -- its headlight blinding camera ... lapd pilot voice Los Angeles Police Department ! Drop the weapon ! cholocam -- follow demon , wick and Big evil ... La La and she homy exit the alley and run right into ... a phalanx of cop with raise pistol and shotgun ... ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 93 . continued : ( 4 ) 60 demon raise he AK ... the cop OPEN FIRE at camera -- a crescendo of gunfire ... the gangster be hit with a hail of gunfire ... the camera Pov fall to the ground . La La 's dead face land next to it filling frame ... la_la , Big evil , demon and wick be no more . ext . south central L.A. — alley — night 61 a cop approach Zavala' camera -- it 's orozco . she fall to she knee and sob ... CUT to : channel 7 news footage ... 62 the breaking news graphic -- the anchor , MARK and michelle , in the newsroom with somber face ... MARK break news tonight out of lapd 's Newton division . two officer have be kill tonight after a encounter with gang member armed with AK - 47 assault rifle . CUT to : ext . LA police academy — day 63 [ note : this be official department footage . we see the pageantry of a law enforcement memorial . ] gabby in a black mourn dress and veil hold she baby in she lap . next to she be Janet , noticeably pregnant . the chief hand gabby a fold flag -- her baby reach out and touch the Chief 's badge ... later -- the lapd honor guard fire the traditional volley in honor of the fall ... 64 65 94 . ext . downtown los angele — day 64 bagpiper play amazing grace ... two riderless horse pull wagon each with a flag drape coffin be lead by equestrian officer in stetson hat ... a hundre motorcycle officer from agency all over Southern California pass in revue ... pallbearer in lapd uniform carry two flag drape coffin into we Lady of angel Cathedral ... CUT to : ext . south central l.a./ cop car ( moving ) - day 65 Zavala drive . Taylor keep book . this be just two hour before they be kill ... taylor if you kid be a girl , would you let she be a cop ? zavala would I want my daughter pack a burner to protect herself from the asshole of the World ? Hell yeah . taylor we be have a daughter . zavala just do not let she date cop . taylor she 's not dating anyone . ever . zavala I ever tell you about the first time I spend the night with gabby ? taylor I do not want to hear that . zavala I get a hella-big family . someone 's always in my house . and I have no money for a motel . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 continued : 95 . 65 zavala ( cont 'd ) one time gabby 's parent bounce to ensenada and she brother crash at he girlfriend so I spend the night at she house . this be gonna be the night . the night . know what I be say ? taylor yes . zavala so we be in she parent 's bed . and it 's on . it 's about to go down . I be pull she chone off -- taylor -- chone ? zavala her skivvy , dog . and I be like finally , right ? Fucking finally . but we hear this noise . like someone 's in the pad . we figure it 's she brother so I hide under the bed . dude . it be she parent . this be the second floor . I get nowhere to go . homegirl try to distract they but it be not happen . I be under they bed . and they crash . and this be the part I never tell gabby . they do it . they get down . I be talk gabby 's parent . that shit be traumatic . finally at like two a.m. they fall asleep . so I do a commando crawl and escape . Zavala can barely contain he laughter ... taylor must of be a little uncomfortable around the folk after that . zavala bro . her old man be a freak . straight up . I guess you be marry that long you gotta mix it up . ( a beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 65 66 96 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 zavala ( cont 'd ) I try and roll like that and gabby get all " Hell no , you be not touch I there . " taylor I be start to get uncomfortable . zavala Cause you be a freak too , huh ? taylor do not go there . zavala she say on we tenth anniversary it 's all good . we will get down . taylor I be tell she everything you just tell I . zavala that 's against the rule . taylor you do then ? zavala yeah . do not trip . taylor let 's go fight crime or something . CUT to : a_black screen -- then a title read ... officer brian taylor end of watch august 17 , 2011 still photo montage : 66 a still photo fade in : Taylor and Janet at the Grand Canyon , all smile in happier time ... the photo fade out . Black screen . then another title : ( continued ) 66 97 . continued : 66 officer mike zavala end of watch august 17 , 2011 fade in another still photo : Zavala in the hospital room hold he newborn boy . he look like the proudest dad on Earth . next another photo : Taylor and Zavala at they academy graduation -- the face of the two freshly mint cop glow just as bright as the new badge on they chest ... a final photo : from Taylor 's wedding -- a three shot of sarge , Taylor and Zavala ... super title : in memory of Brian Taylor and Mike Zavala two of the best cop I have ever have the honor to work with . if you haven't figure it out , sarge edite this tribute . we push in on the photo for a beat . then ... fade to black : the end