ender 's game the Movie Movie update ender 's game the Book about chartoff production ender 's gamescreenplay byorson Scott Card copyright '' 1999 by Orson Scott Card all rights reserve base on the novelet " ender 's game , " copyright '' 1977 by Orson Scott Card ( publ . analog Aug. 1977 , condé nast Publications ) and the novel ender 's game , copyright '' 1985 by Orson Scott Card ( publ . tor book ) . screen rights exclusively the property of chartoff production Inc. and fresco picture LLC . ext near a moon of saturn space it 's war in space the way it 's really fight silent , flameless . when a ship be hit , there 's a brief flash of light and debris spray in all direction , but that 's all . Earth 's ship be blocky , a ragtag throw - together jerry - build fleet that be assemble in a panic after the brutal first encounter . the alien do not try to communicate one of they ship show up and start scour the surface of the Earth . when it be finally bring down , the alien be find to be about a meter in height , body antlike in structure , but cover in fur to retain body heat . the scientist call they " formicine , " the military call they " formics , " and everybody else call they " woolly ant " or " ant " or " woollies " or any number of other name in other language . they all mean the same thing : the one who want to kill we ; the one we have to kill . ext flagship space one of the few new , sleek Earth ship . int admiral' bridge the busy headquarters of a computer - age war . officer scurry on urgent errand , most wear headsets with head - up display and small one - hand computer keypad on they belt like drive - up - window worker at McDonald 's . the center of the room be the simulator , a three - dimensional representation of all the ship that the computer be tracking . Earth ship be in bright green ; formic ship be in bright red . missile and laser be represent in white dot and streak . Admiral sakata ( 50 ) , a japanese - american , with several aide and subordinate , include commodore o'casey ( 35 ) , stand watch as the battle progress . ext " nzf waitangi " space a large contingent of retrofitted cargo ship be hide behind a moon of saturn , absolutely still , take no part in the battle . then a small port in the " Waitangi " open and a single missile fire . int admiral' bridge the simulator show a single white missile come from the group of reserve cargo ship . sakata immediately notice it , point . sakata who fire that missile ! a aide punch something on he keyboard and respond in only a second . aide the Waitangi , sir . Captain mazer rackham . sakata I want he executive officer to take command of the Waitangi and put rackham under arrest immediately . o'casey I have rackham in training . he tell I once that a soldier should obey , not the word , but the purpose of the order . sakata my purpose be to keep my reserve conceal , and he just reveal they position ! aide his exec report that as soon as he fire that missile , rackham place himself under arrest . o'casey that 's rackham . sakata we be in combat . there will be no trial . he be to be execute as soon as he can be transfer to another ship . intercut between simulator and actual ship and missile . the single missile erupt into twenty , differently target . sakata ( v.o. ) no ! he use a multi-warhead ! why do not he just put up a neon sign ? the warhead disperse . we follow one , which go for a while , then suddenly change course and head straight for a small , insignificant - look formic ship . the formic ship continue to fire toward the main Earth fleet , never respond in any way to the warhead come up from behind . the warhead go up the rocket nozzle . the formic ship be silently obliterate . one moment it 's there , the next it 's just sparkling dust . all fire from all formic ship stop immediately . int admiral' bridge Admiral sakata be the first to realize what be happen . he hold up one hand to silence the buzz of conversation , and point at the display with the other . aide they have stop fire . o'casey they be not retreate , either . undefend now , several more formic ship blow up . sakata ( cont . ) cease fire ! everybody ! several aide speak into they mouthpiece and punch key . all fire stop from the Earth fleet . sakata ( cont . ) I want a board party on one formic ship . if it 's a trap , be prepare to blow the thing up . ext formic battle cruiser space a dozen remora-class landing pod whirl around the formic cruiser and attach to it . int remora landing pod a dozen marine in space suit watch as a big laser carve through the surface of the formic ship like butter . when it 's completely severe from the hull , the disc that be cut out fly up to attach to a magnet on the drill . the marine dive headfirst through the hole , weapon ready . int formic battle cruiser the marine fire at the first few formics that they see , but none of they fire back . a marine walk up to one sit at a console and shake he . the formic topple over . int admiral' bridge Dr. imanujam , in civilian clothes , be report to Admiral sakata , o'casey , and other top officer . aide watch nervously , occasionally respond softly to chatter on they headsets . imanujam some formics be still alive , but they do not respond in any way . they all die within hour . sakata what be it , chicken pox ? imanujam we best guess be that the entire hive be control by the will of a queen . when she be kill , the whole hive die . o'casey Dr. imanujam , do you know when the hive queen be kill ? imanujam lead they to the simulator display , then turn to a assistant , also in civilian clothes . imanujam play it back for they . we replay rackham 's missile kill the formic ship . all formic fire stop . a aide listen intently to headset . o'casey look like we have identify the hero of we great victory , sir . unless he 's already be shot . sakata I do not care who play the hero . we have to know how he figure out which ship be the hive queen . aide they want to know if rackham be still under arrest , sir . sakata bring he here immediately . sakata stride away from the group . o' casey follow , talk privately to he . o'casey so . what do you want to bet mazer rackham be in command when the formics launch they next invasion ? sakata the nearest formic planet be thirty - five lightyear away . the commander of the human fleet in the next invasion probably have not be bear yet . title : " fifty year later . " establishing shot : future greensboro , day a swanlike shuttle glide high over the green surface of Earth . we drop down , see a city amid dense forest and patch of roll farmland , a few high spire rise above transparent dome . we zoom close to a glass bubble project from the tallest spire . int conference bubble day mr. wiggin ( 27 ) and mrs . wiggin ( 25 ) be seat across a small table from Dr. deloger and two man in International fleet ( i.f. ) uniform , with no insignia of rank . on the other side of a glass partition , child peter ( 5 ) and child valentine ( 3 ) be play . deloger Peter and Valentine score among the ten most talented child we have ever see . mr. wiggin so why do you reject they for Battle School ? deloger Valentine be too compassionate for command . we do not believe she could ever send man to die . mr. wiggin ( dryly ) why do I suspect that be not Peter 's problem ? deloger it be not bad that Peter 's aggressive . but he 's also impatient and ruthlessly ambitious . he would endanger the life of he man . mr. wiggin he 's too naughty , she 's too nice . mrs . wiggin so you will leave we alone to raise we family in peace ? deloger we want to give you a waiver to have a third child . ( beat ) if you sign in advance that we get he if he test positive for we . mrs . wiggin but what if he turn out as ... unsuitable as the other two ? deloger you raise three child in peace . the wiggins turn to look at child Peter and child Valentine , just as Peter push Valentine and knock she down . she do not fight , she just sit up and turn she back on he . he give she another shove with he foot , then settles down to play with the toy she have be play with . deloger or at least as much peace as they let you have . deloger pull out various papers and put they in front of the wiggins to sign . title : " 10 year later " establishing shot : future greensboro , day New dome and tower appear ; the city have grow . int classroom day ender wiggin ( 9 ) sit at a desk in a traditional classroom traditional except that the teacher , miss pumphrey ( 30 ) , be demonstrate a point about the pyramid by " peel " layer from a large hologram at the front of the room . ender be the youngest and smallest in the class by a couple of year . close on the back of ender 's neck . a tiny red-blinking machine , the monitor , sit under the hairline , just to the right of the spine . a tiny fold note land on ender 's desk . he unfold it . note : " hey , third . let I copy . " ender glance back at stilson ( 11 ) , who throw the note . stilson look as innocent as can be . miss pumphrey suddenly touch she ear , listen , and walk to ender 's desk , where she retrieve the note , look at it . pumphrey Mr. stilson ... pumphrey be about to lecture he , but something in she earpiece interrupt she . she hand a hall pass to ender . pumphrey to the school doctor . apparently , Mr. wiggin , you be have a medical emergency . ender get up , leave . ext breezeway day all the classroom open into a garden - like breezeway . as ender pass , graff [ male ] and anderson [ female ] , officer responsible for Battle School , be hear in voiceover . anderson ( v.o. ) what be you do ? graff ( v.o. ) ender wiggin be ready . int school medical CENTER day the monitor lady ( 50 ) greet ender with a phony medical smile as he enter . monitor lady Andrew , I suppose by now you be just absolutely sick of have that horrid monitor . well , I have good news . it 's come out today . ender reach up to touch the monitor . monitor lady ( cont . ) it will not hurt a bit . the doctor ( 40 ) enter , all bustle and cheer . doctor climb up and lie on you tummy . ender climb up on the examine table . doctor ( cont . ) for a few day , you will have a feel of something miss . but that feel will quickly pass . he attaches the extractor , a machine as big as ender 's head , and flip it on . it whirr as tiny metal arm and tentacles go out and probe under the skin , inside the bone . suddenly ender 's back arch , he mouth agape in agony . convulsion . doctor get I the muscle relaxant ! the monitor lady dive for a blackjack - like injector already wait on the counter . the doctor whacks it against ender 's bare arm . in moment , ender go still . the doctor affix a bandaid to the back of he neck as ender wake . monitor lady there now , Andrew . be we all right ? ender sit , touch the bandaid at the back of he neck . ender do this mean I fail ? int classroom day ender come back into class . everyone be take a test at they desk . stilson notice the bandaid , the lack of a monitor . in a mock sport announcer voice he intone : stilson third - boy strike out . ender do not turn around . but everyone else look . ext breezeway day School 's out . kid pour out of the door , ender among they . anderson ( v.o ) he will be young than the other student . he will have a hard time adjust . ext wiggin front yard day in a row of smallish but well - keep - up house , a large tree have scrap lumber nail to it : a ladder up to a treehouse . ender , carry a nearly - empty backpack , trot along the sidewalk and up the front walk toward the door . anderson ( v.o. , cont . ) Colonel graff , it never work to advance a child ahead of schedule . graff ( v.o. ) have you ever try it with ender wiggin ? anderson ( v.o. ) Battle School have be function for more than forty year . you have be in command less than a month . graff ( v.o . ) be there a trial period ? anderson ( v.o. ) no , but there 's a learn curve . ender pause at the corner of the house , peel the bandaid off he neck . he walk along the side of the house to the door and go inside . graff ( v.o. ) do you know what order I receive when I be make commander ? anderson ( v.o. ) no , sir . graff ( v.o. ) then you do not know everything yet . peter ( 15 ) drop from the treehouse , go to the bandaid , pick it up , grin . then he drop the bandaid to the ground again and grind it savagely under the heel of he shoe . int wiggin kitchen day valentine ( 13 ) be make cookie . ender come in and dip a finger into the batter . Valentine slap at he hand , but he get a taste into he mouth . then he grimace . valentine yeah , well , if you would ask I would have tell you it 's nothing but sugar and shorten and egg . ender dip again , methodically , and this time make a show of savore the dough . valentine I be go to puke . ender it 's a boy thing . valentine it 's a pervert wacko circus geek thing . ender take a bow to imaginary applause . she see the back of he neck . touches the spot . ender oh , yeah . they bounce I today . she hug he , delighted . valentine oh , ender ! Mom and dad have be so worried , they be afraid they be go to lose you ! ender ( bitterly ) so it 's a good thing I fail ? valentine let some other kid go up into space and play army ! peter ( o.s. ) so everybody guess wrong about ender . Peter enter , carry a fearsome formic mask . he smile benignly . peter ( cont . ) now we can play together all the time ! Peter hold up the mask . ender try to hide he dread of what 's come . peter ( cont . ) let 's play astronaut and formics ! since you be never go to be a astronaut , you have to be the woolly ant ! valentine leave he alone . Peter sweep the mixing bowl from the counter , spilling the dough out onto the floor . peter ( mock friendly ) Valentine , you silly goof , you better clean that up before Mom get home . Valentine try to pretend it 's all a joke . valentine just for that , Peter , no cookie for you . peter ( savagely ) they be all for widdo Endo , so he do not feel so bad about get bounce from the pwogwam . he grab ender by the hair and put the mask over he face . peter ( cont . ) look ! he 's so scary ! the monster ! ender try to shove the mask away . ender I do not want to play . Peter shove he brutally across the room . ender fall against the wall . peter you play whenever I say . you get no angel watch over you now . valentine ( yell ) the whole time he wear that thing you hate he because he still have a chance . now he 's out , a loser , just like I . just like you . Peter bend down , scoops up a double handful of batter . peter and they say you be the nice one . he smear it all over the front of Valentine 's clothing . peter ( cont . ) if he 's not better than we , he 's get no reason to exist . he turn to ender , pull he to he foot and drag he toward the stair . int ender's and peter' bedroom day Peter shove ender into the room . ender rip the mask off . peter put it on . ender frisby the mask across the room . peter ( cont . ) just how stupid be you ? he grab ender and drag he to the mask . peter ( cont . ) put it on . Valentine appear in the doorway as ender struggle to get free . valentine I be call Mom . peter tell she that ender 's be a disobedient little brat . Peter flip ender onto he back , press a knee into he belly . ender gasp , struggle like a bug on a pin . valentine I will call Father ! peter he 's never in . Peter press harder . ender breathes in short little gasp that do not get enough air . peter ( cont . ) I could kill you like this . valentine you be not a murderer . peter no , I be a exterminator . the law be two child per family . we never need he . valentine this be not funny . peter you can not stop I from kill he . valentine you would never get away with it . ender 's hand reach a softball lie on the floor . he smack Peter 's head with it . Peter shrug off the blow . peter I will tell they I do not mean to do it . I will cry . tear come to he eye . while still press on ender 's stomach , he sob , absolutely believably : peter ( cont . ) I do not know it would hurt he . he be laugh . it be part of the game . I would never hurt ender . I ... love he so much . it 's terrifying to Valentine how believable he be . peter ( cont . ) they be sure right about you . you would not fight even to save you baby brother 's life . in reply , Valentine kick at Peter 's face . he let go of ender 's shoulder and catch she foot , twist she leg , knock she off she foot . peter ( cont . ) you be both so stupid ! with he arm free , ender punch Peter solidly in the groin . Peter swing at ender ; ender dodge . as Peter writhes on the floor in pain , ender grab a baseball bat from the floor and prepare to hit Peter in the head . ender do not make threat , Peter . it give the other guy a chance to strike first . Valentine catch the end of the bat , stop he . valentine no , ender ! peter do it , ender ! beat I till my brain splash out ! ender tug at the bat . ender it 's he or I ! valentine he 's you brother , ender . a voice from downstairs . mrs . wiggin ( o.s. ) we be home ! be ender here ? Valentine rush to the door . valentine we be upstairs ! in the boy ' room ! footstep on the stair . Peter speak rapidly , softly . peter I be go to kill he one day , Valentine . when you have forget all about this . there will be a accident and we will all cry , I loudest of all , and then at the grave you will remember today , and you will wonder for a minute , and then you will say , no , not Peter ! he 's not a murderer . valentine if you hurt he , I will kill you . peter you ? my gentle sister Valentine ? ender bully like he be all coward . ender and Peter gaze steadily at each other . both be expressionless . master chess player , assess each other . Mr. & Mrs. wiggin enter the room . Mrs. wiggin go straight to ender , kneel , scoops he into a vast embrace . Mr. wiggin lift the hair on the back of ender 's neck , look at the tiny mark . mr. wiggin we be so happy it 's over . mrs . wiggin now we will always be together ! mr. wiggin ( playfully ) family hug ! family hug ! the doorbell ring . ignoring it , the kid gather around Mrs. wiggin , hugging each other . Mr. wiggin bend to embrace they all . the doorbell ring again . ender I will get it . he pull out of the hug and run from the room . int wiggin front room day ender get to the door as the bell ring again . he pull it open . stand there be graff ( 35 ) in full dress uniform a recruiting poster with a mona Lisa smile . graff hello , ender . fade to : Mr. and Mrs. wiggin sit on the sofa with ender between they . there be tear on she cheek . mrs . wiggin we think it be all over . graff only the wait be over . Mrs. wiggin turn she face away , weep silently . mr. wiggin but he 's barely nine year old ! graff you agree before he be bear . ender I do not . graff Mr. and Mrs. wiggin , will you excuse we , please ? it take a moment to realize that he expect they to go . they rise and comfort each other out the door . ender why do you let I think I fail ? graff ignore he question . graff would you really have smashed in you brother 's head with that bat ? ender what answer will get I out of Battle School ? graff lean close to he . graff who stop the formics when they invade fifty year ago ? ender mazer rackham . graff where be he now ? ender Dead , I guess . graff so who will stop they next time ? ender 's defiance fade into serious think . graff ( cont . ) I hope we have the great military commander the world have ever know , to outthink they , outfight they , destroy they before they scour humanity off the face of the Earth . ender I be just a kid . graff what 's inside you , ender ? what can you become ? what if you be the only hope ? ender study graff 's face . ender do you say this to all the kid you recruit ? graff no . I tell they not to come . because there 's no turn back . we take you childhood . you might never see you family again . ( cont . ) graff ( cont . ) but if you come to Battle School , maybe you will have something to do with keep they alive . ender I guess it 's what I be bear for . graff study he a moment longer , then stand up . graff on you foot ... soldier . ender stand up . they face each other in silence . ext wiggin front yard day the family all but Peter be kissing and hugging ender good - bye . graff stand beside a limo at the curb , watch . anderson ( o.s. ) after grow up in that family , how stable be he go to be ? graff talk softly into a tiny palm-held mouthpiece . the other half of the phone be wear like a hearing aid . graff therapy be you job . ender pull away from he family , head down the walk . graff hold out he hand . ender reach out , at first like a child , to hold on ; then like a adult , to shake hand . graff clasp ender 's hand when Valentine burst from the family group and run partway down the walk . valentine I love you forever , ender ! graff usher ender into the back seat of the car and close the door . as graff walk around the car , Peter drop down from the treehouse and run to the car window . ender's Pov Peter lean close to the glass , stare at ender . ender stare back . the car pull away . Peter be leave behind . establishing shot : spaceport , night several heavy cargo rocket and two passenger shuttle on the tarmac . the ground open up and spit out a hoverbus . ext shuttle night the hoverbus rise thirty foot , up to where the horizontal - takeoff shuttle sit like a plane on the tarmac . a bridge appear in the air between the door of both a force field you can stand on . Children age 11 - 13 file across the bridge . ender cross early clearly the smallest of the child . soon after he come sebastian ( french , 11 ) and alai ( senegalese - french , 11 ) . ( though some have accent , all the child speak fluent English . ) alai just like on television . sebastian look , they be let baby in . alai no , he 's we instructor . they laugh . int shuttle cabin night ender be come up the center aisle . they laughter ring in he ear . graff point to he seat . as ender slide into place ... ender you be come with we ? graff I have to or I will lose my job . ender what be you job ? graff Commander of the Battle School . think of I as the principal , with the power to shoot deserter . graff go back to point out seat to student . ender identify which harness strap be he and fasten himself in . sebastian and alai end up in the next row back . sebastian look ! we instructor ! he rap ender on the head with he knuckle . ender wince , try to duck away but the harness will not let he . sebastian ( cont . ) do you hear that ? empty ! he rap ender again . sebastian ( cont . ) a church bell ? a empty bottle ? several other kid laugh nervously . sebastian ( cont . ) I know ! a septic tank ! he rap again . the laughter be more open . but alai reach out a hand as if to restrain sebastian . the joke have go on long enough . sebastian shrug he off . sebastian ( cont . ) I be only try to get knowledge out of the head of we instructor ! graff eye front ! at once the kid face graff at the front of the shuttle . graff ( cont . ) I think you be tell to enter the shuttle , take the seat you be give , and strap in . why be it that only ender wiggin , the youngest of all , know how to obey a order ? sebastian ( defensive ) I do not think it be a order . other kid nod , murmur they agreement . graff what do you think it be ? sebastian a ... instruction . graff if you be really that dumb I wonder how you find you butt to wipe it . sebastian 's face redden , but he do not look away . graff ( cont . ) you be in the i.f. , now , child . the International fleet . all instruction be order . all suggestion be order . all hint and wish and secret yearning of a superior be order ! sebastian how do we know who 's we superior ? graff every human be in the i.f. uniform be superior to you . sebastian even if they graff 's fingertip press against sebastian 's lip . graff the only appropriate answer when a superior vilify you be " yes sir . " or , if you be really piss off , you can add , " thank you , sir . " he remove he finger from sebastian 's lip . sebastian yes sir . thank you , sir . graff you can dish it out , can not you , sebastian ? but you can not take it . sebastian I thank you , sir . graff Little ender wiggin , he can take it without complaint . guess who look more like a soldier to I . ender glance at graff , then look straight ahead , furious . ender ( quietly ) thank you , sir . everyone be rock backward as the shuttle start to move . ext shuttle night the shuttle be tow to its start place at the end of the runway . the engine be fire . int shuttle night the acceleration press they back into they seat . ext shuttle changeover the shuttle rise past the knife edge of the Earth 's shadow , and suddenly it be in bright sunlight . a huge fuel tank section peel off the bottom of the shuttle . small rocket maneuver the shuttle toward a high orbit . int shuttle space graff walk down the aisle . some of the kid be nauseate by weightlessness . one start vomit . graff help he . the moment graff be behind they , sebastian try to smack ender 's head again . the harness restrain he . he unfasten it , grip the back of ender 's seat , and rap the top of he head but hard this time , all he anger and humiliation in it . ender recoil in real pain . sebastian I still say it 's empty . alai grab at sebastian 's clothes as sebastian make a fist and prepare to hammer it into ender 's face . ender reach upward , grab the hand that be hold sebastian in place , and yank forward and down . propel by ender 's pull and he own hammer motion , sebastian at once spin upward , ass -over - teakettle , and yell in pain as he bounce off the " ceiling , " break he arm . graff arrive quickly , snatch he deftly out of the air . graff you unfasten you harness , soldier . sebastian 's only answer be to yell again in pain . graff ( cont . ) furthermore , you attack a enemy without take into account the possibility that he might defend himself . do you know what we call commander who do that ? a japanese kid nearby pipe up . shen stupid ! graff we call they heroes . on the monument over they grave . graff lift sebastian 's writhe body up by the good arm like a capture toad be show to a science class . graff ( cont . ) do not you get it yet ? everybody on this shuttle qualified as one of the thirty or forty smartest kid on Earth , out of three hundred million kid you age . and who do you think test high of all ? could it be the one who 's enter Battle School a year ahead of he age group ? could it be the one that this bully decide to pick on ? with he free hand , graff be point at ender . everyone look at ender with vary degree of loathing , resentment , jealousy , or awe . ender have no friend in this launch group now , and he know it . he look away , lonely and afraid . ext battle school station space Earth be moon -size in the distance . when the shuttle spin in synch with the station , it be draw inside . int corridor " day " in bright artificial light the kid jog along behind graff . graff stop at a door and the kid file in . int launchie barracks " day " a long , narrow room sloping up at the back , line with triple bunk . each bunk have a locker . a lot of the kid goof around or quarrel over who get bottom . everyone ignore ender , who have take a bottom bunk near the door . ender turn to he locker . Inside it be a " desq " a flat computer with a holographic display on its top surface . when ender touch it , word appear in the air above it . ender's desq computer text : " enter name " ender text : " enderwiggin " computer text : " enderwiggin be this correct ? y or N " ender type N , and reenter he name as " ewiggin " [ with a space before E ] . again the computer echoe he name . wide graff stand at the door with boyish officer dap ( 23 ) . graff this be Lieutenant dap . as long as you be in launchie barrack , dap be you mother . some laughter . graff notice that ender be ignore he . ender's desq a long list of name now form a column on the display : form of ender 's own name . other people 's name . graff ( v.o. , cont . ) dap be also you father , you trainer , you nursemaid , and you worst nightmare . obey he the way you would obey God , or you be iced . wide a few kid titter at that . dap look at they with terrifying blankness . they fall silent . graff exit . dap the bunk you be on right now be yours . if you be not on a bunk , the close one be yours . no trading , no argue , that 's it . shen' bunk sebastian try to drag shen off the bottom bunk . alai be on the bunk above . shen no trading . sebastian you know that be my bunk . dap be on they instantly . dap top bunk , sebastian . sebastian hold up he break arm . dap ( cont . ) there be lower bunk at the back of the room . alai I will go back there with you . dap I say no trading ! sebastian walk toward the back . dap walk toward the door . dap ( cont . ) sign on to you desq . explore the system . you have get a hour . ender's bunk ender look down at he computer . ender's desq a one-inch-high , 3 - D fullcolor holographic boy in a sailor suit appear above the desq . the desq simulate he speech use " shape sound , " so only ender can hear he . sailor boy when you play the fantasy game , I will be you and you will be I . if you do not want to be a sailor boy , press the arrow key . ender cycle through : a knight . a dog . a dragon . a samurai warrior . ender choose a bear . not a teddy bear , not a slaver grizzly , just you ordinary brown bear . sebastian' bunk sebastian sit on the very last bunk in the room , deeply piss off . alai be lean on the back wall . shen come walk up to they . sebastian what do you want , thief ? shen just that I be sorry . I know it be you bunk , I only sit there to tie my shoe . sebastian go take you butt somewhere else . alai give shen a nod and a little salute . shen walk away . sebastian ( cont . ) ( loudly ) look ! shen wiggle he butt like a girl when he walk ! utterly mortify , shen hurry down the aisle , which only make thing worse . everybody be look at he butt . close on ender ender see what 's happen , then start type on he desq . close on shen shen reach he bunk , sit on it , then slide in , keep he butt out of view . wide every kid who 's use he desq get a text message at the same time . they start laugh , call other ' attention to the message . sebastian' bunk sebastian pull he desq onto he lap . sebastian what be they laugh at ? sebastian' desq computer text : message from : God cover you butt . sebastian be watch . God sebastian leap to he foot , livid . sebastian coward ! sign you real name ! the other kid stifle laughter . shen' bunk shen look down at he desq , hoot with laughter . sebastian' bunk sebastian and alai both look at the new message . sebastian' desq computer text : " message from : sebastian North , south , east , west , I like butt best . sebastian " [ note extra space before " sebastian " in both place ] sebastian I do not write that ! I can not even type with my arm like this ! alai be struggle not to laugh as he deadpan : alai it 's you name , sebastian . sebastian get away from my bunk , alai . alai it 's a joke , man . just grin . sebastian some friend you be . sebastian walk away from he , down the aisle , look at each kid he pass , dare they to meet he gaze . most look away , like junior chimp submit to the alpha male . but ender meet he gaze without expression . sebastian ( cont . ) it be not enough you break my arm ? sebastian shove ender , rock he back on the bunk . sebastian ( cont . ) the most brilliant kid on Earth . sebastian prepare throw a punch . alai arrive in time to catch he arm . alai you already get graff and dap on you case ! sebastian let alai drag he back to he own bunk . shen come to ender 's bunk , sit beside he . shen if it be you , thanks . he 's such a eemo .* * eemo : hick , dolt [ japanese ' potato ' ] int observation deck " day " graff , wear a undershirt , be seat at a table cluttere with communication device , papers , he desq , and whatever part of he uniform he 's not wear at the moment include he shirt . he be watch he desq , which be show a brown bear stand on a table before a evil- look giant . int launchie barracks " day " ender be play the fantasy game on he desq , which show the same scene . ender's desq ender - bear be offer two drink by the giant . giant choose right , and you will not die . ender - bear choose the one that look like milk in a glass , drink it . at once he turn to powder and collapse in a pile as the giant laugh . int observation deck " day " graff shake he head . ender - bear arrive again before the giant , who present two different drink . graff desq ender - bear choose the steaming teacup and drink . he burst into flame as the giant laugh . a buzzer sound . wide graff look up , see a light blink beside the door . he put a finger on a unmark spot on the table and the door open . anderson , 30 , a woman in a major 's uniform , enter . graff what have I do now ? she glance down at graff 's desq . ender - bear drink from a loving cup , inflate like a balloon , and pop . anderson ender go straight to the giant 's drink , do not he ? at once the giant offer another choice . ender - bear drink a green liquid and turn to stone . the giant pick he up and crush he to gravel in he fist . graff it take he maybe five minute . anderson have he do anything else ? graff how many way can one bear die ? anderson it 's a sign of despair . loneliness . self -destructive tendency . the giant 's drink be a marker for attempt suicide . graff you do not make a great commander by coddle he . anderson be there some scientific basis for this special training program you be create for ender ? or be you just ... pull wing off fly to see what they do ? annoy , graff look back down at he desq . ender - bear have turn into a fly and be swat by a giant flyswatter . anderson ( cont . ) ouch . graff drum he finger on the table . she leave . int launchie barracks flash suit montage a cart fill with flash suit burst through the door . flash suit be toss into the arm of the kid . strap be tightened around arm , leg , torso . helmet go on head , boot on foot , glove on hand . the dao * or lightgun do not look like a assault weapon . it slide onto the back of the hand , with a cord run into the control unit that nest in the finger . we see daos be sly into they slot , finger close over the control , and test shot be fire , only faintly visible in the bright light of the barrack . * dao : vietnamese for weapon all the launchy be line up , daos on they favore hand ( ten percent of they be on leave hand instead of right ) . they break into a simultaneous jog . int corridor " day " dap stand beside the door . the line of armed launchy emerge . ender be short than the other . sebastian 's arm be in a cast , the sleeve cut from he flashsuit . int launchie battleroom entrance " day " the launchie line reach the end of a corridor . the end wall be a forcefield steely brown , but with continuous swirl and deform of subtle color in mandelbrot pattern . then , when dap press a button on he " hook , " the door dilate instantaneously . Inside be a large space , dimly light . dap welcome to the battleroom , child . int battleroom " night " the child enter gingerly , become weightless the moment they pass the threshold . they cling to handhold and move hand - over-hand along the wall , near the floor , try to keep they body movement under control . leg be useless . dap ( v.o. ) the moment you enter the battleroom you be in freefall . there be handhold on all the wall include the floor and ceiling . near ender ender let go with one hand . still cling to a handhold with the other , he push off with he foot . immediately he flip around the fulcrum of the handhold and he body smack into the wall . shen be amused . shen what be you try to do , kill yourself ? ender try it . the suit keep you from hurt yourself , and you can control you bounce with you leg , like this . ender flip himself over again , and again , with amazing rapidity . that annoys shen , who immediately flip himself just like ender but too hard . he bounce back , yelping . ender get he leg under he and squat over a handhold as if he be try to lift the wall he 's stand on . then he push off , launching himself across the room . wide ender fly across the room . he try to catch himself against the other wall , but there 's no way he rebound at a oblique angle . at the next wall he catch himself . near alai alai and sebastian gather themselves for a leap . near shen shen , see they , launch first , but clumsily . wide Three more kid fly across the room , in three random direction . dap ( v.o. ) Battle School be center around the war game in the battleroom . when you graduate from launchie barrack , you will be assign to a army . during the voiceover , we see kid collide in midair , spin off crazily . some try gymnastic move . one kid throw up . when they get flashed by a dao , they arm or leg or whole body freeze in awkward position , the light on the suit go dark in the area where they be shot . dap ( v.o. ) someday you might even command one . near ender ender glide quickly along the wall , handhold - to-handhold . shen follow , till he see that they be head toward alai and sebastian . shen what be you do ? they hate we ! ender the formics be the only enemy . sebastian look . it 's God and he favorite butt . ender what happen if four guy be out in the middle and they push off from each other ? alai I do not know . ender ( grin ) neither do i. alai let 's find out . alai grab sebastian 's good arm , pull he away from he handhold . with he other hand he grasp ender , and ender seize shen . alai ( to ender ) so we all put we foot together and push off ? ender one guy push off from the other three . sebastian . alai you be smallest . you will go faster . ender sebastian be strongest . sebastian get foot - to- foot with the other three , hold on to they foot with he good hand . then he push off . they move a little , but he rocket away at nearly full speed . alai salaam , ender . int corridor " day " the launchy pour out of the battleroom , run along the corridor . ender , alai , shen , and sebastian come out as a foursome , run down the corridor like ben-hur 's chariot horse . when alai jump up to touch the ceiling , the other do it , too . ender be too short to touch it try too hard , he fall in a heap . the other laugh , but sebastian and alai drag he to he foot and bring he along . fantasy game ender - bear stand before the giant . he drink from a eyedropper . his fur fall off . then he skin slough off , expose bloody muscle . graff ( v.o. ) who program the game to do that ? anderson ( v.o. ) the game be self - alter . the muscle peel off , revealing the skeleton . the organ spill out of the belly . graff ( v.o. ) why be that image in the game ? the bone separate and fall into a pile . anderson ( v.o. ) a biology animation . the fantasy game can pull anything from the system . ender - bear drink from a demitasse . he turn into a fish and the giant gut and debone he . graff ( v.o. ) sick . anderson ( v.o. ) the game ? or the child ? ender - bear stand before the giant again . but he do not drink . instead , he kick over one glass . then the other . the giant start pound the table with he fist , try to crush ender - bear . anderson ( cont. , v.o ) he 's not try anything that have not be do before . ender - bear leap up onto the giant 's beard . for a moment , the giant 's animation freeze , while ender - bear continue to climb up onto the giant 's face . graff ( v.o. ) have anybody try this ? anderson ( v.o. ) it will not work . that 's what it 's for . to see how soon they learn to cut they loss and move on . ender - bear plunge he paw into the giant 's eye and burrow in , fling out eye-stuff like cottage cheese . the giant wave its hand ineffectually , then open its mouth in a silent scream and keel over backward . anderson ( v.o. ) this violate the whole purpose of the giant 's drink ! int launchie barracks " night " ender be the only one awake in the darkness . he sit on he bunk , hunch over he desq . the giant be lie on its back . ender be sweat , panting , as if he have just finish a race . graff ( v.o. ) surprise surprise . the game 's suppose to break ender , but ender break the game . what happen now ? anderson ( v.o. ) ( shake ) I have no idea . in the game on ender 's lap , ender - bear climb out of the giant 's eye . he turn toward the giant 's ruin face . ender I be sorry . fantasy game ender - bear look around . the giant 's corpse lie on its back in a meadow , surround by forest . ender ( v.o. ) I do not mean to kill you , I just ... you would not let I by . a bat fly up , land on the giant 's nose . game bat how do you get here ? nobody come here . ender ( v.o. ) I kill the giant . the bat fly up and away . game bat welcome to fairyland ! ender - bear come upon a playground in the wood , with child swinging and slide and climb the monkey bar . ender - bear try to join in the game . the child see he , point at he , start to shout . game child a bear ! a bear ! the child all run to the edge of the wood . ender - bear be leave alone . then , one by one , the child transform into huge wolf that slink around the edge of the playground . ender - bear try to move off in another direction . but he be surround . the wolf leap on he . int launchie barracks " night " ender slam he hand down in the middle of the desq . the game go away . he be tremble as he put the desq away . graff ( v.o. ) I think this game be suppose to help the kid . anderson ( v.o . ) it be not therapeutic , it 's diagnostic . ender throw himself back onto he pillow and lie there , stare at the ceiling , clenching and unclench he fist . int anderson's quarter " night " Anderson 's quarter be design to do double duty as office and berth . she sit on she bed and graff sit in the guest chair , both hunch over Anderson 's desq on a small table between they , replaying the game . graff so what 's the diagnosis ? anderson there 's no literature on this . it never happen before . graff something you do not understand ? anderson and that make you happy ? graff you never understand . I be happy you finally realize it . Anderson blow up . anderson I have always understand more than you ! you be so busy training the commander that you do not realize what you be do to the child ! graff he 's smarter than any of the people who make up this Battle School . he see right through you plan . the only way to stay ahead of he be to take blind leap into the dark . anderson that 's not science . graff that 's right . Science deal with law , with generality . we be try to create a exception . anderson why ? Science work ! graff I hope you be wrong , because science tell we we have no chance of beat the formics in the end . Anderson be stunne . graff ( cont . ) of course , that information be so classified that if you even think it in front of someone else you could be shot . ( beat ) I wish you would stop fight I , Major Anderson . I wish you would help . graff leave . Anderson hug she knee , think . int launchie barracks " night " ender be asleep , a child after all , one fist clench up near he face . dap come and stand by he bunk in the darkness . wake he gently . hand he a uniform . blink , ender get up , look at the uniform , realize what it mean . ender what about alai ? shen ? sebastian ? dap put a finger to he lip . dap each in he own time . ender start to dress , full of misgiving . int salamander barracks " day " the soldier of salamander army be just get dress . some of they be still in bed . it 's a sloppy barrack . and not a happy one . bonzo ( 12 ) sit on the first bunk by the door , surround by soldier . the door open . ender stand there in salamander uniform . bonzo por todo los santos . petra arkanian ( 11 ) , a girl with close - cropped hair and no sign of puberty , step in front of ender . petra how do you get a salamander Army uniform ? ender hold up a piece of paper . ender order . petra reach for they . ender hold they back . ender ( cont . ) I be suppose to give they to bonzo Madrid . the room fall silent . petra not bahn - zo. bone - so . aqui hablamos espa¤ol . ender be you bone -so ? some nervous laughter from other kid . petra I be petra arkanian . the only girl in salamander Army . with more ball than any boy in the barrack . this be greet with hoot of derision . bonzo come up behind petra , push she contemptuously out of the way , and reach for the order slip . bonzo what be they do to I ? L grimas de cristo ! mboto ! mboto , a lanky African kid , slide off he upper bunk . mboto Sir ? bonzo they have transfer you to Eagle and this be you replacement ! mboto tousle ender 's hair and chuckle . mboto good luck . without a backward glance , mboto leave . bonzo how old be you ? ender nine . bonzo you be not even suppose to be in Battle School . petra he must have get lose on he way to ground school . bonzo calla-te , putra . ( to ender ) I do not know what the teacher think they be do , but I be not go to keep you . I be trading you as fast as I can , even though I will probably have to trade away a good soldier to do it . ender what do I do in the meantime ? bonzo nothing . you understand I ? just stay out of the way . ender but I can train with you , right ? bonzo I say nothing ! nada ! compreende ? ender yes sir . bonzo you sleep in the back ! you stay out of my sight ! I deserve more respect than to have they send I a soldier like you . petra maybe it 's a honor . maybe they think you be the best commander to train a underage kid . bonzo ( to petra ) I have already try to trade you away but nobody want you ! petra you could not train anybody . bonzo slap she across the face . petra glare at he . bonzo you go to report I ? she sullenly shake she head . bonzo turn to ender . bonzo last bunk on the leave . you do not use you desq . you do not wear you flash suit . you do not exist . ender walk down the long aisle between bunk . the soldier stare at he or look away . search for : search : entire document title only Match : any term exact phrase copyright '' 2000 fresco picture LLC