enemy of the state enemy of the state by David marconi February 10 , 1997 fade in : ext . shenandoah national park , scenic view lot - morning shenandoah mountain . a cold dawn . two black town car sit side by side , face a view of a farming valley below . two men in dark suit and long coat stand near the car , casually on the lookout . if we catch a glimpse underneath the coat of the taller of the two , we would see that he be carry a 'mm . Glock . int . black town car - continuous in the backseat of the car sit hamersley and reynold , each well - keep and in he early 50' . reynold " I know thy work and thy labour and how thou canst not bear they that be evil . and thou hast try they who say they be apostle and hast find they to be liar " . revelation ii . hamersley what the hell do it mean ? reynold it mean who 's side be you on ? hamersley you do not ask I to meet you 30 mile from my office for a Bible study class . reynold it 's a bi-partisan issue . everyone need to swallow hard . no one , include you , want to be finger as the one obstruct effort to crack down on terrorism , and -- hamersley fuck you . reynold what ? hamersley I say fuck you . reynold be that anyway to talk to a old school chum ? hamersley you be gonna finger I as soft on terrorism ? terrorism , you unconscionable asshole ? reynold there be plane fall out of the sky , building blow up . american building . Americans get bomb in the mail . what be we gonna do !? hamersley we be not gonna hand you and you band of lunatic the key to the kingdom . I be not gonna sit in Congress and write a law that allow the NSA to point a camera and a microphone at anything they damn well feel like . and the next time you have something to say to I , we do it above -board , in my office , like everyone else . now get outa my car , I have get a committee meeting on the hill . reynold regards hamersley a moment , then open the car door -- ext . parkway - morning hamersley 's car snake down the twist mountain road . int . hamersley' car - continuous hamersley make verbal note concern the reynold meeting into he memo-recorder as he drive . he pick up he cellular phone and punch in a number . voice ( o.s. ) Senator Albert 's office -- the line go dead . hamersley try again but can not get a dial tone . then , in the rear-view mirror , a brown sedan gain fast . whoever the guy be , he 's fly . then a man with a rifle lean out the sedan 's window . aim . hamersley fly into a blind curve . tire screech as he round the bend to see a propane truck . block both lane of the road . hamersley 's eye widen . he stomp the brake , skid and slam into the truck . the explosion engulf everything . hamersley and the car be consume . the pursue sedan slow to a stop . the man watch . the car 's a inferno . the men pull a ' U ' and drive away . int . crystal CITY , virginia , tall office bldg . - day a well - appoint big-city law office fill with citation of merit and picture of a wife and child . ROBERT dean , a likable young lawyer , sit behind he desk with he back to a older man . he stare at a commanding view of Washington , D.C. as he listen to a tired , smoke and whiskey voice . older man ( l.t. ) I do not know how much longer we can hold out , Mr. Dean . dean I do not know , either , l.t. maybe you guy should get yourself a labor lawyer . l.t. well that 's why I be here , Mr. Dean . ' Cause you be a labor lawyer . dean good point . l.t. last night , Larry spink , he work the steel Press , he go to a bar with he wife rosalie to have a glass of chianti ' cause it 's he birthday , and this two guy , this guido mother - fucker , they jump he when he go to the bathroom . dean l.t. , in this office I would prefer you say italian - Americans . l.t. I be sorry , Mr. Dean . but Larry 's in St. luke now , so I be a little -- I be not myself . the Union boss say unless we take bellmoth 's offer , it will only get worse . dean that 's because you Union boss be that guido mother - fucker . l.t. I do not under -- dean the Union 's try to railroad you into accept term worse than what you have now . l.t. why would the Union -- dean swivel around in he chair and face l.t. dean because they have be pay off by bellmoth . l.t. Mr. Dean -- dean my name 's Bobby . I be you lawyer . do not do anything ' till I talk to you . dean get up and walk a grateful l.t. to the door , call to he secretary as they go -- dean ( cont 'd ) ( call ) martha ! martha appear in the doorway ... dean ( cont 'd ) Larry spink , St. luke . send he a case of chianti from the firm . and send he wife rosalie some flower . ext . restaurant - day rachel how 's the trout ? dean it taste like fish . rachel it be fish . dean I mean it taste like every other fish I have ever have . every fish taste the same . rachel do you like fish ? dean not that much . dean dine in a booth with rachel bank , 30' . rachel open she briefcase , remove a 8x10 envelope . rachel here 's what you ask for . brill 's note say it be everything you would need to , shall we say , coax depinto - - dean when do I get to meet he ? rachel depinto ? dean brill . rachel never . dean that be not the answer I be hope for . rachel what answer be you -- dean be reach inside he jacket pocket . he remove a envelope mark " brill " . dean " soon " . or at least sooner than never . rachel it 's how he work . dean brill ? rachel yes . dean so you have say . dean hand she the envelope . dean ( cont 'd ) ten thousand cash . I do not know if it 's brill 's price go up or you commission . rachel I take a straight 15 percent . brill 's fee vary with risk . perhaps you would be more comfortable use someone else . dean other than brill . rachel other than I . dean why would I - - rachel someone with whom you do not have quite so personal a -- dean I like we history . and I like you . I would probably like brill if I ever get to -- rachel he do not work that way . dean I just want to make sure I be not break the law . rachel you be not . dean how can I be sure . rachel I would not let you . good luck with depinto . dean ( pause ) thank you . rachel eat you fish . dean ( v.o. ) Mr. depinto ? my name 's Robert Dean . I be a attorney with Seth , silverberg . ext . busy STREET - day dean weave he BMW through D.C. bumper-to-bumper traffic as he eye the photo that Rachel give he which be lie on the passenger seat . the photo show depinto sit in a motel lounge with two mob type . he 's talk on the phone . intercut with : int . bellmoth steel office - continuous depinto what can I do for you ? dean well , I be hope you might stop by my office to swear out a criminal deposition against some of you friend and co-worker . depinto ( pause ) be this a fuckin ' joke ? dean I do not believe it be , no . depinto why the hell would I - - dean I have get photograph of you at the trenton ramada look very -- depinto that be not I . dean it 's not ? depinto you do not know who the fuck -- dean that 's not you have a whiskey sour with carmine morada . depinto this be fuck . you do not know who 's in that -- dean you be right , Mr. depinto , and maybe I jump the gun . depinto you be goddam right you jump the gun . dean that 's probably not you in the picture . I tell you what , I will just run the thing by the Grand jury , see if they can not -- depinto I want to talk to a goddam lawyer . dean good news there , Mr. depinto , you be talk to one . ext . mountain road - day News helicopter hover over hamersley 's wreck as police direct traffic around the media circus . int . old car - continuous dan zavitz , look older than he be , bald with a weight problem , sweat behind slapping wiper of a beater car plaster with environmental issue sticker . NPR drone on the radio as a police car crawl behind he , siren yelping , light flash , try to get by . zavitz alright , alright already , I see you . zavitz Pov : wreckage surround by squad car , ambulance and media circus . something 's happen . something big . ext . shenandoah national park - day a tall ladder lean against a dead oak . zavitz sweat and climb to a branch where a platform 's be build support a large phony bird 's nest . he lift away the nest , revealing -- -- two microphone and three motion - activate digital video camera and recorder . zavitz check the camera ' viewfinder to see -- -- time - code view - wide , medium and close of a squirrel 's nest contain three newborn . the parent be nowhere to be see . zavitz eye the recorder . the video disk be spend . he eject and pocket they , replace they with fresh one . ext . southeast capitol district - day a old building need rehab . a sidewalk vendor do brisk business , we drift to a apartment window above . tv newscaster ( v.o . ) Police be labeling it a accident but promise a full investigation . int . zavitz apartment - continuous zavitz be stare intently at he computer monitor . we do not know yet what he 's look at , but he 's scared to death as we continue to listen to the news report ... newscaster ( o.s. ) Don hamersley , senior GOP congressional leader , be serve as a negotiator on the House / Senate sub-committee study the anti- terror Bill ... zavitz lean in a little closer to get a better look at he computer screen , not want to believe what he 's see ... newscaster ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) ... the controversial legislation that would give various law enforcement agency expand authority in the fight against terrorism . and now we see what zavitz be stare at on he computer monitor . the film he shot at shenandoah park ... ... the meeting between hamersley and reynold . newscaster ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) known as the Voice of caution , hamersley be a outspoken advocate of ... zavitz reach over , pick up the phone , and punch in some number with one hand . with the other , he punch some keystroke on the computer . the screen zoom in on reynold , get out of hamersley 's car . newscaster ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) sixty -eight year old , hamersley leave behind a wife and four child . zavitz ( into phone ) tell he it 's Zavitz . I need to speak to he . tell he it 's important . intercut with : int . newspaper office - same time a cluttere office belong to a radical , fringe newspaper . alfonso , mid -50' , long , gray hair , work at a computer . alfonso Zavitz , what ? you want you old job back ? zavitz listen to I -- alfonso tire of chase squirrel around the park ? zavitz listen -- alfonso lemme ask you something . I put a bird feeder out in the yard , but the squirrel , they keep take -- zavitz turn on CNN . alfonso they keep take the bird seed . I think since you be the expert on -- zavitz goddammit , shut the fuck up and turn on CNN ! alfonso alright , I make a joke about squirrel , do not get so -- zavitz do it ! alfonso click he tv to CNN . the hamersley re-cap be still on . newscaster ( v.o . ) once again , police at this point be call hamersley 's death a accident ... zavitz I be do motion - activate taping up in shenandoah . that 's where hamersley have he accident . he be not alone . he meet someone . they argue . alfonso you have get it on tape ? zavitz clear as day . alfonso who else have you tell ? int . tech room - continuous a place with mind - boggle technology and high - tech recording device . dat recorder spin silently . zavitz ( o.s. ) ( through speaker ) no one . but I be a little nervous . alfonso ( o.s. ) ( through speaker ) when can you get it here ? zavitz ( o.s. ) ( through speaker ) I be do a transfer now . alfonso ( o.s. ) ( through speaker ) come straight here . do not talk to anyone . zavitz ( o.s. ) ( through speaker ) I will come straight there . alfonso ( o.s. ) ( through speaker ) be careful , Danny . int . town car - day close on reynold sit in the back . well - dress and alone , he review a bible . his cellular phone ring . we hear static as two encrypt line find digital compatibility . finally , a confirmation tone -- reynold go ahead . intercut with : ext . kent island - same time misty forest sweep down a hill to the chesapeake Bay . a road lead to a high -voltage security fence and guard - shack . Beyond be several windowless concrete structure bristle with microwave antennas and satellite dish . a sign read : kent island research facility prohibit Area . no photo or sketch . violator subject to immediate arrest and Fine under penalties of the Internal Security Act super : NSA sigint intercept station - kent island , maryland int . tech room - continuous the bank of high - tech digital recorder record incessantly as a technician hold a phone to he ear . technician ( into phone ) someone have automated camera in the park . a nature photographer . reynold Jesus H. Christ . silverberg ( v.o . ) how're we with pre-trial . Ms. saunder . int . dean's law firm , conference room - day pack seat around a long conference table . the entire law firm review the proceedings . diane saunder answer the question from she senior partner . saunder I be expect a favorable ruling this afternoon on the evidenciary motion , but I could use some more manpower with the interrogatory . silverberg Mr. Dean , would you care to give Ms. saunder a hand with the interrogatory . dean God know I would , sir , but I have a previous engagement this evening . silverberg and may I ask what could possibly be more important than fawell oil v. U.S. Environmental Agency ? dean I have to go lingerie shopping . stilwell lingerie shopping ? dean a Christmas present for my wife . silverberg go to Harrison 's . they have get model that will try the garment on for you . saunder Bobby , this be a 40 million dollar client . I really need some help tonight . dean Diane , maybe you do not hear Mr. silverberg . they have get model that will try on the garment . ( to silverberg ) thank you , sir . silverberg merry Christmas , son . ext . old brownstone - afternoon establish . Apartments on upper floor , business on lower . int . zavitz apartment - continuous jacket on , ready to leave , zavitz sit at he computer finish a transfer . a tone beep as a computer time graph sweep to ' finish ' . the screen read : transfer complete . there 's a knock at the door ... ... zavitz look over . zavitz ( pause ) yes ? man' voice ( o.s. ) Federal Express for ' Zavitz ' . zavitz Federal Express ? man' voice ( o.s. ) for Daniel Zavitz . I just need a signature . zavitz ( beat ) how would you get in the building ? man' voice ( o.s. ) the door be open , sir . I just need a signature . zavitz disconnect a video digitizer , remove a game - cartridge contain the digitize video ... ... and insert it into a gameboy . he step to the door and eye the peep-hole . zavitz Pov : a fish - eye view of a fed - ex man , jone , look bored . zavitz can you tell I who it 's from ? jone ( check label ) Micro - tel electronics . sunland . zavitz can you -- would it be possible to leave it by the door ? jone not without a signature . zavitz ( step to the window ) all right . okay . just give I a minute . zavitz Pov : two dwp installers hover in a bucket across the street . down below , a cargo van with a multiple roof antenna be double park near a fed - ex van . then -- -- through a street window 's reflection , zavitz see he building 's front entrance . several tenant be be prevent from enter by two men , plain clothes , one with a radio communicator press to he ear . shit . zavitz back from the window , seize by panic . he grab he phone ... ... dead . he pick up he fax line . also dead . he grab the gameboy , go to a small side window and open it . a ledge snake around the corner . a athlete he 's not but there 's no choice . he squeeze out . int . zavitz bldg . stairwell - continuous pratt , wear a fed- ex uniform , be lay in wait . radio voice ( o.s. ) ( through pratt 's earphone ) go to three . go to three . Package be out the window . pratt sprint down the hall , pull out he pistol , as jone kick in Zavitz 's door and rush in . the window 's open . jone look out as the last of zavitz go around the corner of the ledge . radio voice ( o.s. ) ( through jone 's headset ) 305 to 308 . we have get the eyeball . ext . rooftop - continuous it 's the rooftop zavitz be head to . two men crouch behind a wall , watch zavitz approach . man # 1 ( into headset ) we will take delivery from here . zavitz inch along , scared breathless . he look back . no one . maybe he be wrong . a pigeon suddenly fly by ... zavitz lose he balance , struggle ... and fall . he crash through a awning and into a sidewalk fruit stand . daze , zavitz crawl to he foot as passersby watch speechless . thing happen fast . the cargo van rip from the curb but be suddenly block by a delivery truck . horn blast . hick , 30' and athletic , leap from the van . fear confirm , zavitz start down the sidewalk , shake off pain , and move to a run . except now there 's someone in front of he . he 's trap . reaching a doorway , zavitz push . the door open to -- int . restaurant supply shop - continuous zavitz charge through and kick open a fire door . a alarm blast as he exit to -- ext . alleyway - continuous a garbage truck scream up the alley . there 's no way to outrun it . there 's a fire escape above a dumpster . breath rasp , he struggle on the dumpster , pull himself up the ladder just as the truck obliterate all below . zavitz struggle and climb . reaching a landing , he pause for breath ... ... and see hick and two other just moment behind . zavitz grab a fire escape door , tug , pull and bang it open to -- int . a dilapidated hallway - continuous zavitz hurtle by , trip , get up , run again , adrenaline pump as pursuing sound near . he pitch down a staircase , shove two people and rip through -- int . coffee shop - continuous he fly past the diner and exit into -- ext . busy STREET - continuous hick and another fly out of the diner , just in time to see zavitz melting in with Christmas shopper that be enter a department store . we see that the large sign over the entrance to the store read : " harrison be " . int . harrison's department store - evening a upscale store pack with Christmas shopper . at a fashion ramp , a small crowd of mostly women have gather to watch leggy model feature a particular line of lingerie . mix in among this group be dean , a shopping bag in each hand , he briefcase tuck under one arm , try he best to affect a air of the studious shopper . woman' voice ( o.s. ) May I help you ? dean ( startle ) hm ?! the woman be sale clerk who 's be in this situation before . sale clerk do you see anything you like ? dean I be marry . sale clerk that 's fine . dean I be marry to my wife ... of several year ... and I would like to buy ... as a Christmas present ... sale clerk you would like to buy you wife some lingerie as a Christmas gift . dean yes . I have she permission . sale clerk it 's okay . I think it 's a wonderful gift . dean can you help I ? sale clerk how ' bout Christian dior ? dean be that good ? sale clerk very good . dean I do not know anything about this . well , I mean , I know a little about -- from a certain perspective . my point be , I do not want to do anything foolish . sale clerk it 's a little late for that . dean I will say . sale clerk what size ? dean pardon ? sale clerk what size ? dean eight . size eight . sale clerk I will be right back . dean thanks . sale clerk remain calm . dean okay . the sale clerk go around the counter to the rear area . dean glance at the fashion show when he glimpsis -- zavitz , hurry through the woman 's dress area , desperately look for a exit . no luck . zavitz move toward dean , about to break for the front , but hick be there search . trapped , zavitz duck behind a display . dean watch , unaware of zavitz 's pursuer . then it click ... dean Daniel ? zavitz turn , frighten .... dean ( cont 'd ) it 's I , Robert Dean . ( beat ) from Seth , silverberg . I work on -- zavitz Bobby -- dean it 's be a few year . zavitz yeah . dean I be just do some Christmas shopping . it 's for my wife , no kid . though , this be not the main present , it 's just , you know , a little -- zavitz I need help . dean tell I about it . zavitz how can I reach you ? dean ( beat ) be you okay ? zavitz be you still in Crystal City ? dean yeah , what 's go on ? sale clerk ( o.s. ) I think she will like this very much . dean listen , Daniel , hang on one second . sale clerk for that matter , I think you will too . dean ( to the sale clerk ) could you give I just a moment to talk to a friend of mine here ? not about this , but ... Daniel ? dean look around ... ... zavitz be go . ext . harrison's department store - evening out on the street , zavitz shove into a group of shopper wait for the light . then he see hick and he partner . they see he . fuck the light . zavitz run into the street as -- --a bus speed through yellow . zavitz be catch in its path . bam ! only stunne witness remain . dean exit the department store . he see the commotion and make he way over . dean ( to a bystander ) what happen ? bystander a guy get hit by a bus . dean ah , Jesus . siren can be hear in the distance . dean eye the ground where the body lay . he see Zavitz 's bloody jacket ... dean ( quietly ) ah ... Jesus . ext . annapolis - night dean 's BMW drive through a neighborhood of stately home , all magnificently decorate for Christmas . int . dean be BMW - continuous dean drive , a little shake by event . the radio play a AT&T commercial relaying the joy of home tele - conference . dean enter the driveway of he picture - perfect home . int . dean's home / foyer - night dean enter with he shopping bag and briefcase . search for family member , he enter -- int . dean's home / den - night dean 's 8 year old son , eric and Eric 's friend dylan sit by the big-screen tv , glue to a video game . a nanny be nearby , lose in a magazine . dean Excuse I , have any of you see a eight year old boy , good look , about yea-big . eric hi , dad . dylan hi , Mr. dean. dean hello . hello , Maria . nanny ( maria ) hello , Mr. Dean . eric we can not get to the fourth level . we keep get vaporize by the Black knight . dean you be learn a cruel lesson . eric be that my Christmas present ? dean some of them . eric can I open them up ? dean sure , go ahead . eric really ? dean in you dream . eric dad ! dean ( to dylan ) you stay for dinner ? dylan be it okay ? dean you get any money ? eric he 's kid . dean where 's mom ? eric she 's in the kitchen . int . kitchen - night the kitchen be in the midst of a remodel . a wall - mount tv be show " crossfire " , where the two host be mediate a battle between two senator . stacy watch the show with one eye , cook with the other . senator tasken ( tv ) law service society and they need to be flexible to meet change demand . we have get to be able to deal with a terrorist threat before it occur . dean enter ... dean hey . stacy this guy 's a fat -ass rotarian gasbag . dean uh-oh . stacy listen to he . senator tasken ( tv ) this be no longer a theoretical problem , it 's a reality . turn on the news . bombing , hostage -- dean he 's get a point . stacy Bobby ! dean not a very good one , but -- stacy so you tap everyone 's phone ? you use computer to probe financial record ? New search and seizure law ? dean just for the criminal . stacy we will not suspend the civil rights of the good people . dean right . stacy you should take this seriously . dean I think you be take it seriously enough for both of we . he kiss she . a good one . stacy ( softer ) you be a lawyer . do not you care what 's go on around you ? dean something bad happen tonight . stacy what ? dean I see a man die . stacy what do you mean ? dean in front of Harrison 's , he get hit by a bus . I know he . the firm do some pro bono work for he organization a few year back . stacy ( beat ) I be sorry . dean the thing be , when I see he , it seem like he want to tell I ... ( beat ) ...he be upset about something and he say ... ( beat ) do not matter now . I be gonna wash up . stacy what would you buy at Harrison 's ? dean a toaster . and no terrorist talk at dinner . you be spookin ' the kid . dean head upstairs ... reynold ( v.o. ) " do thou , o Lord , protect we -- int . catechism classroom - same time reynold lecture a class of young catechism student . reynold ( cont 'd ) -- guard we ever from this generation . on every side the wick prowl , as vileness be exalt among the son of man . " Psalm 12.7 and 12.8 . tell I what this mean , Mr. o'brian . o'brian it mean -- reynold cellular phone ring . he open he briefcase and take it out . int . hallway - continuous reynold bust out of the room , phone to he ear . two men in suit wait like pit bull , ready for anything . over the phone , we hear connecting handshake as the line find digital compatibility . intercut with : harrison's department store - continuous the store be now close . int . security office - continuous hick hold a cellular phone as pratt question the sale clerk . nearby , a monitor show a time - code surveillance tape of the lingerie section . dean and zavitz be in playback , engage in they earlier meeting . finally , a confirm tone ... reynold what happen ? hick he 's dead . a accident . hit by a bus . reynold what about the tape ? hick we find the original . reynold the original ? hick there be a transfer . reynold be I to understand -- hick he never make it to the newspaper , but there be private sector contact . reynold who ? hick several indiscriminate and one primary who we have id would as Robert Dean . a Crystal City attorney . ( silence ) Mr. reynold ? ( silence ) Sir ? reynold contact cointel . profile . assess the threat . then cross- check against Zavitz . red-flag the intersect and anything we can exploit . also nro . pull up the keyhole tape . I need to own he . I need to own he now . ext . national security agency , bldg 227 - day establish . Fort meade . a massive complex surround by razor wire and surveillance camera . super : national security agency , fort meade , maryland we push in on one building several block long . its roof be bristle with antennas , dish and dome . int . building/a large space - continuous tight on manila folder stamp top secret - umbra handle via comint channel only hand carry - no copy a skinny man clutches the folder , walk by endless cubicle of high - tech industriousness . he stop where a analyst type on a terminal near a retinal scanner . the analyst open the folder to see a request for a priority wrap on ROBERT dean , follow by a Social Security number . the analyst enter in the number . a montage of image gaining in speed -- close on computer screen show in the harvest of dean 's electrical identity . his phone bill scroll by . name , address , employment people call -- month , year flash by quickly . other data bank be probe . insurance policy , credit history , video rental , library checkout , school transcript , ATM transaction , tax return ... everything . irregularity be red-flagged . a match zavitz item be find . dean 's banking info be red-flagged . he have large cash withdrawals with no match purchase . his withdrawal date match up with unaccount - for cash deposit ... ... in rachel bank ' savings account . close on printer . conclusion spill out label " risk " . more probe be recommend into the rachel bank / ROBERT dean money connection . close on eye be scanned - we hear a tone . pull back to a pregnant woman sit with she head press to the scanner . a second verification tone sound . a poster above she work station read : in a digital world number don 't lie - people do she enter a phone number in she terminal . the computer dial . she wait , snack on rice cake . finally , another computer answer . on screen appear : pac - tel testing board . the screen fill with choice . she highlight - AT&T line -verification request log -in access code she enter another command . a new prompt read : enter line request number . eyeing dean 's folder , she enter the phone number and command " enter " . " record " . the telephone tap be instant . a voice graph appear in - sync with conversation now come over the speaker . dean ( o.s. ) ( mid-conversation , over speaker ) Diane 's instinct be that it 's sabre rattling . I think they be gonna file suit . she enter more command . a automate - Voice - transcriber kick in . dean 's conversation be now transcribe automatically . int . nro , keyhole - 12 lab - continuous a massive , dark place grow with monitor and tech . super : national reconnaissance organization , chantilly , virginia name of world region be post above endless monitor screen display live , digital - image feed of Earth come in from the keyhole - 12 spy satellite . every populate area of the planet be cover here . analyst attend the many feed . a poster read : the keyhole ' 12 ' series making the world a honest place on another poster , a man 's run shadow in a target bull - eye with a caption read : you be a security target beneath a sign read U.S. North - East coastal Region , a analyst review time - code , digital sat video of Washington , d.c . as see from space , the Capitol appear to be nothing more than a greyish mass . the analyst key command into he system . close on monitor - the overhead sat view of Washington move in closer , soon street be discernible , then car and bus - then a accident in a intersection with flash ambulance light and a bus . a body lie twisted in the street - it 's zavitz . the analyst enter additional command . the zavitz / bus accident freeze , then play in reverse as if record by the eye of God . the scene continue reversing , follow close on Zavitz as he back - track into Harrison 's Department store . int . another video lab - same time close on another analyst face three monitor show additional view of zavitz 's escape as capture by a traffic camera , a ATM camera and the security inside Harrison 's . fiedler ( o.s. ) we have check everything . nro tape , traffic surveillance monitor - int . image enhancement lab two techies huddle by a monitor overseen by fiedler , a computer expert . the monitor display the Harrison 's surveillance tape of the zavitz / dean meeting . fiedler ( cont 'd ) - and two ATM camera . the one show promise , though , be this security camera from the department store . ( to techie ) freeze there . the techie hit a command . zavitz and dean freeze on screen . fiedler ( cont 'd ) Times ten . the techie box the area to be enhance . he type command . the box area increase ten-fold . fiedler ( cont 'd ) focus on the drop . the enlarge view shift to dean 's gift bag . the picture 's fuzzy . someone pass by , block the view at a crucial moment . fiedler ( cont 'd ) enhance , then forward , frame by frame ... more keystroke . the computer take over , clarify the image with pass of resolution . hick lean in closer as the image of the bag inch forward . fiedler ( cont 'd ) just before the view 's block , Zavitz reach in he jacket for something . when the view return , there 's a shape change in Dean 's bag . see the shadow variance ? we reverse image it -- fiedler point to another screen display a digitally - enhance image of the shadow object and its approximate shape . fiedler ( cont 'd ) something 's definitely be add . it 's not a video cassette , the shadow 's wrong . reynold step forward . his eye be red . it 's be a long night . reynold what 's you opinion ? fiedler it 's hard to say for certain , this thing be -- reynold I be not ask you to say for certain . this be what you be train to do , right ? fiedler yes sir . reynold then what 's you goddam opinion ? fiedler ( beat ) Zavitz have digital compression equipment . he could have download into something . a disk , a chip , anything small enough to put in he pocket and run with . whatever he put it in , he drop it in that bag . reynold ( to hick ) get it . reynold head for the door . hick we would have to -- reynold get it . int . range rover - night dean drive with stacy as eric sleep in the back seat . various hat and souvenir tell we that they have just come from a redskin game . they drive in silence for a moment before ... stacy Bobby ? dean yeah . stacy how would you get the information on depinto ? dean what do you mean ? stacy who do you work with to get the -- dean a guy name brill . same guy as always . stacy yeah , but you say you have never meet he . how do you -- dean honey , I do not like to talk about this stuff in front of Eric . stacy have you be work with Rachel ? dean no . stacy ( beat ) sorry . dean it 's okay . the range rover pull into the driveway . int . dean's home / entry foyer - night the dean 's enter the doorway . eric and stacy be first . they stop , face shocked . dean have not notice yet . his hand automatically go to the alarm key pad . close on the pad - the LED read : armed . dean punch the code - stacy oh my God - dean turn . the house be ransacke . the alarm suddenly blare , add mayhem . close - up on the ceiling vent - the camera push in tight revealing a conceal , fiber-optic video lens the size of a pin-head . ext . dean's STREET - continuous several car and a florist van be park on the quiet street . int . florist van - continuous the van be really a electronic surveillance post jamme with the latest equipment . a techie with headphone eye a monitor . close on the monitor show the pin hole surveillance view of stacy walk through a dishevel room in a state of shock while dean pull out he cellular phone and dial . dean ( through the techie 's headphone ) this be Robert Dean at 3325 sutton place . I want to report a break - in . int . racquetball court - morning a black ball slam against a wall . pull back to dean , who 's angry , frustrated and drench in sweat . he 's embroil in a hard , fast game with he friend , jerry . dean they take the espresso machine . the espresso machine , Jerry ! which make sense , you know , because the crook probably want to make themselves a latte before fencing the stereo . jerry do they take you clothes ? dean no . jerry you have get a bunch of armani suit , they do not take them ? dean no . jerry usually they take clothes . dean why do not you give them a call . jerry what about jewelry ? dean they do not take the jewelry . they take the computer . they take the big-screen tv , they take my blender . jerry the blender ? dean I love my blender . jerry they do not take the silverware ? dean no , but they take my blender . jerry sound like they do not want anything that be not electric ? dean what ? jerry they only take electrical appliance . dean serve the ball . int . dean's office build / lobby - morning a busy lobby for a major complex . dean , freshly shower , step from a door mark : to parking level . male voice ( o.s. ) Robert Dean ? dean turn to see morelos , 40' , a obsessive man with a terminal smile . dean ( beat ) yes ? morelos I do not want to bother you during you racquetball game . dean ( beat ) thanks . ( beat ) who be you ? morelos show he he badge . morelos I be sorry . detective morelo . dean hey , do you guy find my stuff ? morelos you stuff ? dean the robbery . morelos no , sir , I be not involved with that . I be do a quick follow - up on a bus accident take place a few night ago . you name keep come up . dean oh ... yeah , I do not see the accident . morelos witnesses say you be there , but I notice you do not file a report . dean a report ? morelos a police report . dean that 's ' cause I be not there . morelos you be not at Harrison 's Department store the night before -- dean I be in the store , the accident be outside . it be a bus . morelos someone say you speak to Mr. Zavitz before he die . I think you might know something . dean about what ? morelos about the accident . dean I be no expert , but I be assume that the impact of a move bus against he body cause -- morelos Mr. Zavitz be in trouble . dean what kind of trouble . morelos you tell I . dean I can not . morelos be you invoke attorney / client privilege . dean I be not he attorney . morelos than why can not you tell I . dean because I do not know . morelos I be just try to determine if Mr. Zavitz be involved in something more than a simple bus accident . dean than why do not you talk to the bus driver ? morelos why so edgy , Mr. Dean ? dean somebody take my blender . morelos we would appreciate you cooperation . dean I be happy to help you all I can . but I do not see the accident and I barely know Daniel Zavitz . I have gotta go to work . dean start walk --morelos follow he . morelos do he give you anything ? dean no . morelos anything at all ? dean no , sir . morelos be he with anyone ? dean not that I could see . morelos nobody give you anything ? dean no . morelos why would you go to harriso n 's ? dean to buy lingerie . morelos for you wife ? dean yes , for my wife , what the hell kind of question be this . morelos I think maybe it might be for Rachel bank . dean stop short and turn to morelos . he stare . dean I do not know what 's goin ' on with Zavitz , but that be way , way outa line . ( beat ) you understand ? morelos yes sir . dean step into the elevator . morelos ( into conceal sleeve - mic ) 403 to 401 . he 's come up . int . law firm / corridor - day dean walk down the hall toward he office . he stop by peer as he enter he office . peer ' Morning , Mr. Dean . dean hey . would you get I what I need for Zwernickii and the bellmoth motion . peer sure . dean and do I a favor . find out what you can about Daniel Zavitz . we do some work for he a few year back and there should be a file . dean enter he office and turn he computer on . it beeps , boot and load . int . build corridor - continuous levin approach the men' room . a maintenance man clean up break glass and water by the door . a sign read : close for maintenance . levin turn and leave . maintenance man ( into conceal sleeve mic ) 402 to 401 . doorstep 's clear . int . men' room - continuous two more maintenance men kneel in a stall adjust a portable monitor and oscillator . they aim a directional antenna use slow , sweeping motion . close on the monitor display the intercept signal . it 's Dean 's computer screen with text be type in . the word be hard to read due to horizontal drift . after adjust the antenna , the signal smooth . we push closer . the signal show the current display of Dean 's computer screen . we see Dean 's o.s. command pull up he e-mail . a prompt ask for a password . xxxxxxx appear . a switch be flip . xxxxxxx become puccini . Dean 's " secure " file open . entry appear . man # 1 402 , this be 401 . password 's " puccini . " ext . courthouse - day establish . a large , busy place . lawyer and aide bustle in and out of this structure . int . courtroom - day a busy morning as attorney wait they turn to present motion before the judge . dean be seat next to levin , make note . levin ( whisper ) Dick burn get a phone call this morning from someone want information on you . dean the police ? levin no . he say they be do a credit check . be you refinance a loan ? dean you remember Daniel Zavitz ? levin yeah . dean he get hit by a bus . levin what do that have to do with you ? dean I honestly do not know . another attorney sit several row back , watch the proceedings , briefcase in he lap . close - up on the attorney 's ear with a mini-receiver . from it drift snippet of the dean / levin conversation . levin ( o.s. ) be Zavitz in trouble ? dean ( o.s. ) I do not know . a pull back leather flap on the attorney 's briefcase reveal the tip of a conceal microphone . levin ( o.s. ) you think there be a connection to -- dean ( o.s. ) Jesus ! I just tell you . I do not know . ext . courthouse garage - day dean wait for the garage attendant to bring down he car . pratt ( o.s. ) Mr. Dean ? dean turn . two men , pratt and bingham approach he . dean yeah ? pratt ( pull out a card ) we would like to ask you some question about Daniel Zavitz . dean who be you people ? pratt ( hand dean the card ) I be a investigator with pro-tech Security . dean I go through this with a investigator this morning . if I could -- pratt Mr. Zavitz be involved in a extortion scheme . we believe he pass you sensitive material , possibly with you knowledge , and we need to -- dean he do not . pratt we believe he do . dean you be wrong . pratt we have good reason to believe that he pass you -- dean if he pass I material , I would have they . I do not . pratt we would like to recover any material Mr. Zavitz may have give you -- dean he do not give I -- pratt -- otherwise we may have to -- dean otherwise you may have to what ? pratt we would rather not -- dean fuck you . you may have to what ? bingham ( beat ) we may have to explore additional avenue . int . tech room - night we hear a recording of the conversation between dean , pratt and bingham while we be close on a ink needle measure Dean 's voice stress level . dean ( v.o. ) he do not give I -- pratt ( v.o. ) -- otherwise we may have to -- dean ( v.o. ) otherwise you may have to what ? pratt ( v.o. ) we would rather not -- dean ( v.o. ) fuck you . you may have to -- hick turn off the recorder . stand with he be reynold , the Dean file and voice stress graph laid out before he . hick he 's arrogant and threaten . Voice stress point suggest he 's worry . reynold hiding something ? hick it be in he bag . now it 's not . reynold destroy he credibility before he go public . neutralize he . I do not want anyone listen to a word he have to say . tell I about Rachel bank . ext . exmoor country club - evening establish . a massive clubhouse surround by expensive car and tend grounds . we hear strain of gershwin 's " they can not take that away from I " from inside . int . cocktail lounge - continuous guest mill about . dean and stacy be stand by the reception table where name tag and seating assignment be laid out . dean pick up a card that read : mr. and mrs . ROBERT dean - table 122. jerry step over and put he hand on dean 's shoulder -- jerry can I talk to you a second ? dean table 122 ? jerry that 's what I want to talk to you about ? dean I write a check for a thousand dollar . you guy do not have a table that be in the kitchen ? jerry gently pull dean to a quiet corner ... jerry the Congressman 's very happy to have you support , but he 's hear that there 's a investigation . dean a investigation ? it be a bus accident . jerry he 's hear that it 's escalate . dean into what ? jerry you bellmoth case . the FBI think there might be mob tie . dean I be a labor lawyer . there be always mob tie . jerry just be cool . int . dine room - night close on and old matron carefully chew she food near a table card declare : 122 . the gala swing everywhere but here . dean and stacy be the only other diner at the table . stacy I do not understand why Jerry could not clear this up . dean well , you know -- stacy he 's get he priority ? dean there 's just , clearly , some administrative snafu . I be sure this be the worst of it . ext . dean's office build - day establish . a glass and steel high - rise reach upward . martha ( v.o. ) Mr. Dean ? int . dean's office - continuous dean sit behind he desk as he secretary martha enter . dean yeah . martha it 's Rachel bank . dean pick up the phone -- intercut with : int . rachel's condo - continuous rachel cradle a portable phone to she ear . rachel ( into phone ) I get a call from my firm this morning say do not come in . dean ( into phone ) why ? rachel there be reporter want to know about my relationship with you and how long I have work for the mob . the mob , Bobby ! dean all right , look -- before dean can respond , there 's a knock at the door . peer stick he head in -- peer blake and silverberg want you in the conference room . dean ( softly ) shit . int . conference room - day dean sit in the conference room by himself . he wait . after a moment , silverberg and blake stride in . dean listen -- silverberg I get a call this morning from a source I trust . the Post be run a lead this afternoon about you involvement in the bellmoth investigation . dean I do not under -- blake we have also be inform that the Grand jury be go to call for a investigation into you affair . dean why ? blake they want to hold you in contempt for ethic violation . silverberg they claim you help create a shell company for Sam vollotti in Zurich and that through you continue relationship , the gambino family 's be able to exert influence and provide false witness to discredit we case . dean oh , well , that 's true . blake it be ? dean except for the part about my set up a company in Zurich and know anyone name Sam vollotti and have any relationship whatsoever with the gambino family . silverberg Robert -- dean gimme a week and four guy from litigation and I will have the Post plead with we not to sue for libel . blake tell we about Rachel bank . dean ( stunne ) Rachel bank ? silverberg the attorney ? blake have you two be have a affair ? dean be speechless ... dean what kind of a question be that ? blake a direct one . dean I have a professional relationship with Rachel bank . she 's the go - between for a private investigator I use . silverberg what 's he name ? dean brill . blake why do not you just call brill directly . dean I do not know who he be . blake I be tell you have a affair with Rachel bank four year ago . dean told by whom ? blake consider the enormous exposure to which you have subject this firm , I would think you would do best to simply answer my question . dean really ? blake yes . dean well consider what a colossal douche bag you be , David , maybe I would do best to simply kick you ass all over the capitol . silverberg gentlemen -- dean this be bullshit . someone 's mixing up a bunch of half - truth to ruin I and to ruin my case . silverberg who would do that ? dean maybe bellmoth . maybe the union . I do not know . silverberg well until we find , you be gonna have to take a leave of absence . dean you be fire I . silverberg a leave of absence . until we have sort this all out . dean put David on it . he seem anxious to clear my name . silverberg Bobby -- dean fuck off . int . dean's house / foyer - evening dean enter . dean ( call ) stacy ! jenny , early 30' , head he off -- jenny Robert -- dean where 's stacy ? jenny she do not want to talk to you . dean ( beat ) what be you talk -- jenny she can not talk to you right now . dean ( beat ) why ? jenny because she 's read the newspaper , you asshole . dean push past she and head to the back patio -- ext . back patio - continuous stacy stare blankly , eye red . a copy of the Post be beside she . a picture of dean and rachel , arm in arm , accompany a headline . dean walk in -- dean stacy ? stacy how could you let I find out like this ? dean stacy , I find out like this . this be the first I be hearing of -- stacy Robert -- dean it 's not true . stacy ( read ) " source reveal a FBI investigation into a possible money launder scheme that may have send million of dollar -- dean I have see it . stacy ( read ) " at the center of the investigation be well - know Washington - area attorney Robert Dean and Rachel bank . " dean yeah ... look -- stacy whip the paper at he -- stacy you swore ! dean I have lunch with Rachel once a month . she 's my connection to a investigator . stacy I tell you I do not want you see she . dean I know . stacy you have a affair with this woman , Robert , we go to a fuck counselor for a year . dean I see she for business . stacy you tell I you be not see she at all . dean I do not want you to be upset . I should not have lie . stacy , there 's nothing between I and Rachel bank . stacy grab another paper and shove it across the table . dean pick it up . dean's Pov : a black and white surveillance photo of dean and rachel on a hotel balcony . stacy ( o.s. ) the date stamp on the picture be last month . be that where you and Rachel conduct business . dean ( shaking he head ) it 's not real ... ( to stacy ) that 's not I . stacy oh , please -- dean it 's not a real picture , stacy , it 's be doctore - up . stacy I think you should leave now , Robert . dean stacy -- stacy leave this house . ext . hyatt HOTEL - night establish . downtown Washington , D.C. int . registration desk - continuous a busy night . dean stand at the registration desk face a desk clerk . desk clerk ( return card ) I be sorry , sir , this card 's be decline . dean it 's a brand new card . desk clerk maybe it 's not connect yet . dean ( hand he another ) here , you can use this . the clerk run it through . same result . desk clerk I be sorry . he return the card , embarrassed for Dean . dean turn to leave ... ... and stop dead . he stare at the empty floor by a pillar . dean my suitcase -- desk clerk Sir ? dean my suitcase be go . dean walk quickly around the area , look at everything and everyone . desk clerk I be sure we can locate it for you , sir . dean do not count on it . ext . bank machine - night dean stand at the ATM , wait for cash . there 's a short line of people behind he . his bank card spit out . the monitor read : temporarily unable to process this transaction dean ( pound the machine ) God dammit ! the wait people back away ... ext . cheap motel - night a weathered sign read : all room $ 39.95 a o.s. tv drone the latest AT&T commercial -- tv announcer ( soft and seductive ) have you ever tuck you kid in from a phone booth ? you will -- int . motel room - continuous close on a old color tv . the commercial end . a newscaster return to deliver the late- night news . newscaster ( on tv ) in Richmond today , Senate majority leader Sam Albert pay a visit to promote the ten-billion dollar anti-terror Bill . the newscast cut to SAM albert , late 60' , stand on State Capitol Building step deliver a speech to community leader . senator albert ( on tv ) America be under assault , and this time it 's from within . the gang , the terrorist , the drug lord , the cult ... pulling away from the tv , we explore the room . dimly light and cluttere with tired furniture . senator albert ( cont 'd ) ( on tv ) it 's a war like any other war . a war with victim and a war that require courage and strength . outside the window , a buz neon sign flicker red and blue . we finally end on dean , sit on a sagging bed , rub he eye ... the newspaper with the doctore - up photo be sit next to he . ext . build - day establish . italian area of Baltimore . a 40' era box -build . a sign read : italian / american legion - member only int . italian / american legion - continuous thread - bare chair and a couch . sal and frankie , both meaty guy in shiny shirt , sit face dean , who stand before they . sal I be sorry . I be not sure I understand . you wanna fuckin ' what ? dean I would like to speak to someone about what 's happen to I . frankie ( to sal ) what would this guy say he name be ? sal this be Bobby Dean , the Jew lawyer who squeeze depinto . dean actually , that 's not true . sal you do not squeeze depinto ? dean no , I mean I be presbyterian . sal oh. dean my wife 's jewish . but that probably do not matter right now . frankie what be it you want ? dean someone 's try to destroy my life , and I would like to find out who . sal and then what ? dean I will see if I can , you know , work thing out . frankie well we would sure like to help you . dean you would ? frankie yes . but we can not . dean why not ? frankie because we , and we associate , have pay out hundred of thousand of dollar to shyster lawyer like you , because of shyster lawyer like you , and we would just as soon sit back and sip a beer while you get ass - bang by as many people as possible . ext . stately old build - day establish . a sign read : the audobon Society - National headuarters woman' voice ( v.o. ) he shot wildlife footage -- int . audobon headquarters / editing BAY - continuous meg burton sit near a editing machine as two editor review endless amount of bird footage . dean sit next to she . dean I know , but -- meg Wildlife footage , for God 's sake . I do not see how he could have slip you something that the FBI would be interested in . dean that 's my point . meg what 's you point . dean well , I need to find out as much about Daniel as possible . meg why ? dean because my life be be ruin . meg Daniel 's life be already ruin . maybe if you guy stop think about yourselves for a change and -- ext . the gang - plank bar - day establish . the Baltimore water front . a crusty bar overlook the bay . int . bar - continuous sunlight slashes blind revealing a place that be wrong during the day . jimmy , a beefy bartender , take stock of the liquor while rachel sit in a dark booth . dean ( o.s. ) Rachel ? rachel look up ... rachel good . you be just what I need right now . dean you get a minute ? rachel ( get up ) it 's really not a good idea for I to be see with you . dean who 's do this ? rachel I gotta go . dean ( block the door ) will you hang on just a second . jerry Rachel ? there a problem ? she look at dean for a moment ... rachel no . no problem . ( to dean ) outside . ext . harbor CENTER - day close on a surveillance camera on a pole , sweeping , make automatic lens correction . rachel ( o.s. ) there 's a lot of people ask question about you and I . we drift down to the harbor walkway , a greenbelt with quaint hotel and bar on one side , chesapeake Bay on the other . dean and rachel be strolling the walk . dean I know . rachel the IRS contact I this morning . they say my lifestyle and receipt exceed my income . dean you be audite ? rachel for the last four year . dean my firm will represent you . free of charge . rachel you do not work there anymore , Bobby . dean that 's temporary . rachel bullshit . dean Rachel -- rachel we be screw . dean I be gonna fix it . rachel how ? dean tell I about brill . int . a room - continuous a technician eye a recorder spin as a monitor show a live feed from the park . rachel ( o.s. ) ( through headphone ) I can not . dean ( through headphone ) you have to . rachel ( through headphone ) I have never meet he ? dean ( through headphone ) goddammit , Rachel , you assure I -- ext . the park - continuous dean and rachel on they stroll -- rachel fuck you . when you need information , I get it . you do not care how . dean I do care how . rachel this conversation 's over . dean what be you gonna do , Rachel ? you gonna sit in a bar in Baltimore ? you want you job back ? you want a life ? rachel I do not have a life , Bobby . I be in love with a marry man . dean I be sorry about that . rachel what make you think it 's you ? dean it 's not I ? rachel you be a moron , you know that ? dean yeah . dean smile ... and after a moment , so do rachel . rachel when I need to reach brill , I chalk the mailbox on 14th and Main . ext . CITY STREET - day rachel be walk to the mailbox . she casually slashes the box with chalk and drop a letter inside . rachel ( v.o. ) when he see the mark , he know there 's a drop . the location 's always the same . ext . baltimore port - day establish . wharve , ship , seagull . a water- bus chug dockside as passengers board for the trip across the inlet . dean stand in a ticket line with the other passengers . rachel ( v.o. ) the number twelve ferry to Glen burnie . tuesday or Fridays . int . ferry - day dean take a seat . across the deck be seat 74 . rachel take the seat and casually slide a envelope behind it , she action obscure by a bag she carry . the ferry blows its departure horn . rachel ( v.o. ) the drop 's behind seat 74 . I leave something , he pick it up later . the ferry churn water . rachel move to a wind protect seat , leave seat 74 empty . dean keep watch on the seat as he scan the paper . dean ( v.o. ) any idea what he look like ? rachel ( v.o. ) my guess be male , somewhere in he 40' or 50' . a montage of different people occupy seat 74 . a middle - age drunk pass out in the seat . a teen - aged boy with glass chat with friend . rachel ( v.o. ) Race , height , weight , you be on you own . a old lady read a book . she see dean eyeing she and smile nervously . dean return to he paper . rachel ( v.o. ) now I do not know how he 's gonna feel about someone tracking he down . he 's reclusive . I be sure he have he reason . dean 's alone now . the ferry dock for the night . the last passenger , two nun , disembark . dean rise to go . brill 's a no-show . int . ferry terminal - night dean walk down the ramp . it 's dark in the empty terminal . not the best place at this hour . up ahead , two men stand in the darkness , then kissing . down another hall , sound of nearing footstep . dean detour into -- int . men' room - continuous empty . dean stand at a sink , water run . he glance at the door . he splashes water on he face . suddenly -- -- dean 's slam forward , a silence pistol be shove into he ear , pin he face to the mirror . dean Jesus ! what ?! you want money ?! man shut the fuck up . hand frisk dean . up and down the leg , behind the back and chest . a wallet be remove , id 's look at - then return . dean turn to see -- a man , early 50' . he sweep a signal frequency locator over dean 's body . the needle react at dean 's foot . man ( gesture ) you shoe . dean my shoe ? man gimme the shoe . dean comply with the strange request as the man flip out a knife . dean brill ? " brill " brill 's dead . he die of small pox when he be two and he be bury in a Kansas field . ( pry away dean 's heel ) my name do not matter . close on dean 's heel - a hollow compartment reveal a miniature tracking device . the man remove it , then return the shoe . " brill " ( cont 'd ) a tracker . thousand yard range . they be close . the man reach in a trash can , remove a potato- chip bag , wrap it around the tracker and flush it down the toilet . " brill " ( cont 'd ) c'mon . " brill " go through the window . dean eye the window , not sure . he eye the door . same feel . ext . loading deck - moment later dean crawl through the window to a load dock . " brill " motion he to follow as he move off into the shadow . the sound of the window open behind they , follow by footstep . " brill " shove Dean behind a dumpster and remove he gun as two man run by . the step fade . " brill " look . they be go . ext . ferry terminal - night establish . a close farmer 's market by the terminal . several car be park . one 's a cab . " brill " open the driver 's door . dean grab the front passenger door . " brill " no . in back like you be a customer . int . cab - night " brill " sit in the driver 's seat , eye flicker to all view , as dean climb in the back . " brill " flip on the meter and gun into traffic . " brill " what happen ? dean it start with the information you give I on depinto . after we talk , he agree to resign . next , a phony detective ask I about Daniel Zavitz . then a investigator question I about a extortion scheme they claim Zavitz be behind . the FBI start look into mob connection . a doctore picture in the paper . overnight , I be ruin . wife. job , bank account , everything go . " brill " eye the mirror . a black chevy appear several car length behind . " brill " depinto 's dead . dean oh Jesus . " brill " they find he yesterday fold neatly in a car trunk . what about Zavitz ? " brill " start to weave in and out of traffic . he look in the mirror - the chevy 's also weaving several car behind . dean I do not know anything about Zavitz . " brill " you say he be behind a extortion scheme . dean they say he be behind a extortion scheme . " brill " whip the cab around a corner , accelerate . " brill " and you be the last one to talk to he . dean yes . " brill " what would he say to you ? dean nothing . " brill " what would he give to you ? dean nothing . " brill " do not bullshit I , I can save you life . dean I be tell you , I - - the ride from hell get worse as " brill " screech another turn . the car ahead stop and " brill " screech past on two wheel . dean ( cont 'd ) I just give he my card . " brill " he do not give you a address ? he do not give you a phone number ? dean nothing . two night later I be rob . I be pretty sure they be pro . " brill " take a impossible leave into another alley . the chevy follow . " brill " 's good . the guy in the chevy 's better . dean ( cont 'd ) um ... who 's that ? " brill " do not know . do you check everywhere ? maybe it be hide in something . maybe there be someone else -- dean someone else ? " brill " maybe you bump into someone who take it and you do not even know . the cab be rear-end hard by the chevy . they neck snap back from the force . " brill " ( cont 'd ) shit ! wham ! they be hit again . " brill " pull out a communicator . " brill " ( cont 'd ) 209 to anyone ! I need some help here ! dean who be you call ?! whack ! " brill " back - hand dean with he fist , knock he silly as wham !-- the cab 's rear-end again . " brill " ( try again ) this be 209 ! do anyone copy ?! then " brill " see that the alley empty into a busy street , then a bakery shop . he slam the brake . tire screech smoke but it 's no use . the powerful chevy push the cab , bumper to bumper , toward the street . " brill " grip the wheel . it 's all he can do as the cab rocket into cross traffic and -- blam ! they be broad-side by a delivery truck . the cab be shove sideways along the street and into a fire - hydrant , finally stop under jetting water from the break main . dean slowly open he eye . Water pour in everywhere . " brill " be stick halfway through a window , not move . see " brill " 's pistol , dean grab it and crawl from the wreckage . ext . STREET - night dean climb from the wreck as bystander approach . woman look out ! he 's get a gun ! they back away as dean get to he foot and look around . off to the side he see the chevy , wait like a coiled snake . dean limp into the crowd . he round the corner to another STREET and now he 's run with all he 's get leave . int . dean's house / study - night stacy be at the desk look at the latest edition of the paper , which now have a photograph of dean and rachel walk in the park from the day before . the phone ring and stacy reach for it ... stacy ( into phone ) hello ? intercut with : int . HOTEL lobby - continuous dean stand at a pay phone -- dean ( into phone ) stacy , do not hang up . stacy do you know what I be look at Robert ? dean stacy -- stacy I be look at a picture of you and Rachel take yesterday . dean I know , but listen -- stacy be that doctore - up , too ? dean no , I be with she yesterday . I want you to take Eric and go to we parent house . I want you to do it right now . stacy I go to the grocery store . my ATM and credit card do not work . I could not buy food . dean I know . stacy I go to the bank to see why . they say you emptied we account -- dean it be not I . stacy this be science - fiction Robert ! the manager show I the transfer notice with you signature on it . dean stacy , somebody 's try to kill I . now goddamit -- stacy my father 's put I in touch with a attorney . he will be -- a hand suddenly click down the phone hook . dean turn to see a man , late 50' , gruff and alert . it 's the guy drive the chevy . man put the phone down . do as I say . dean do nothing , temporarily freeze . a pistol jab he hard . dean alright , alright -- dean replace the phone . the man remove dean 's gun . nearby , two people chat at a restaurant hostess desk , unaware . man move to the elevator . dean do but be suddenly redirected through a roof - access door . int . van - night a technician sit in a van jamme with high - tech surveillance gear . hick be next to he , a phone press to he ear . hick we just pick up he call . intercut with : int . office - night reynold , dress in a tux , press he cellular to he ear , while behind he marshal and shaffer , also in tuxedo , have a heat discussion . reynold ( into phone ) 30 minute ago you say we have he . what in hell 's goin ' on out there ? hick ( into phone ) he have help . reynold ( into phone ) help from whom ? ( he hear the answer ) Christ . ext . high - rise rooftop - night eight storey up and desert . the light dome of the Capitol building shine like a beacon in the D.C. skyline . dean suddenly slam against a wall -- dean hey ! man forget I , forget what I do for you . do not ever mention my name or try to contact I again . get it ? dean I do not know you , I do not know you name , I do not know what the hell you do for I except hang up on my wife and slam I into a wall , but I be get pretty fuckin ' sick of this ! get it ?! man seat 74 . dean ( pause ) you be brill . brill you know the deal . no contact . dean who be that other guy ? brill one of many people who would live a word with you . dean who be they ? brill you have hear of the National Security Agency ? dean what do they have to do with this ? brill that 's who they be . dean the NSA ? brill yes . dean you be crazy . brill ( start to leave ) okay . dean wait . brill you drive a black BMW , license plate srk1339 ? dean yeah . brill ( reach in he pocket ) I clipped this from you wheel well just before they tow you car away . brill pull out a disk - shape object the size of a walk - man . dean what be that ? brill it 's a sat - tracker . dean I do not know what that mean . brill like a lowjack , but two generation ahead of what the police use . it pulse at 230 giga-hertz . dean I do not know what that mean . brill 230 giga-hertz . they use that band for the aquacade spy-sat uplink . dean I do not know what that mean . brill it mean the NSA can read the time off you wristwatch . dean why be they after I ? brill if I know , they would be after I . which they probably be right now . ' bye . dean wait . what do I do ? brill pal , you be cook . it 's over . what you do , who you be ... that 's do . I would find a quiet job somewhere shoveling snow . a helicopter hover near the Washington monument . brill eye it cautiously . dean why do not they just identify themselves and tell I what they want ? brill they be spook . dean I do not know what that -- brill exposure . they can not have it . they wanna learn what you know and then deal with it . dean I do not know anything . brill no shit . dean what be I gonna do ?! I mean , like , for the rest of my life ?! brill hey , if you live another week I will be impressed . dean what if -- brill look , you give I some work over the last year . we will call it even . brill turn to leave -- dean ( block the exit door ) what if I find out what they be after . you know this people , I do not . brill and you will not . now move -- dean I will pay you . brill ( take out he pistol ) they froze you account . get outa my way . dean continue block the door , maintain calm even as brill 's pistol be press firmly to he forehead . dean I have get a hundred - thousand dollar in jewelry in a safe - deposit box under a third party name . brill look at the ground . torn . dean ( cont 'd ) how many year have you be hide from they ? how many year have you be run ? ( beat ) what would they do to you ? brill ( pause ) if you find something , chalk the Baltimore Sheraton mailbox and go to temperanceville . it 's South of salisbury . ( give dean he pistol ) and take this . and with that , he 's go . dean eye the gun . he walk to the ledge , look at the city . dean be Pov : several vehicle quietly pull up to the building . men storm out a move inside . dean quickly back away . int . build corridor - night dean race for the stairwell two step at a time . he hear the SOUND of a door open somewhere below . voice ( o.s. ) 303 to 301 . floor one secure . move to two . dean retreat upward , then he hear someone coming down . trapped . he open the door on ' 3 ' and be about to run when he see a security camera directly above . grabbing a fire extinguisher , he pull the pin . spray coat the lens . then he yank a FIRE alarm . a horn blare . dean run for the second stairwell when he see jone step out . dean look back at the stairwell he leave . that door 's open as well . trapped . use the extinguisher , dean smashes the glass door to a office and go inside . jone start to enter when a shot rip into the wall , convincing he otherwise . he retreat as the blaring FIRE alarm stop . dean race through the suite of office try lock door after lock door . finally , one open and he rush in and try to lock it behind himself . no lock . he see the men and they see he . he slide a desk against the door , then back away , pistol ready . jone ( o.s. ) ( disturbingly calm ) open the door , Mr. Dean . there 's nowhere to go . we would just like to talk . see a phone , dean grab it . no tone . just a recording of Nancy Sinatra 's song " this boot be make for walk " . jone ( o.s. ) it would be easier for all of we if you just come out . nothing will happen . dean heave a coffee table up on the desk . jone ( o.s. ) it 's quite hopeless what you be do , Mr. Dean . dean I swear to God I will shoot . jone ( o.s. ) ( chuckle ) I think you might be over- reacting there , Mr. Dean . we just want to talk . dean go ahead . I hear you fine . the door push in -- dean ( cont 'd ) I say I will shoot ! the door keep push . dean fire high . the push stop . then dean hear the distant sound of siren approach . dean rip off he sweater , take out a lighter , and set the sweater on fire . he throw it into a garbage can and toss styrofoam cup in on top of it . the push start again , but before dean can fire , a small cylindrical device drop into the room . a stun grenade . dean duck as a blinding flash rock the room . the window be blow open . smoke billow out . dean , temporarily blind and deaf , struggle to a ledge as fire engine arrive . int . van - continuous Fire truck , police car and a ambulance arrive beneath dean as hick watch from he van . hick I do not fuckin ' believe this ! ( into radio- mic ) 301 to all unit . everyone out ! now ! we will take he at the hospital . int . ambulance - night dean sit in back with a para - medic , cover in soot , breathe hard through a oxygen mask as the ambulance wail and weave through traffic . he look through the rear window to see -- two car following , keep pace . off to the side , rfk Stadium be empty , a redskin game be over . dean rip off the oxygen mask -- dean tell he to stop the ambulance . paramedic whoa there , fella . just take it easy . dean tell he to stop the ambulance . paramedic now you be a little shake up , but we be gonna get you on you foot in -- dean whip out he pistol and shove it in the paramedic 's face -- paramedic ( cont 'd ) ( to the driver ) -- stop the ambulance . dean thank you . ext . STREET - night the ambulance pull over and the back door fly open . dean leap out into the crowd . the other car pull over and pratt and jone exit . they scan the area and see dean descend a stairwell mark : metro . int . metro station platform - night dean stand at the end of the crowded platform . pratt and jone work through the crowd as the train pull in . dean slide on board . the departure horn sound . jone and pratt step on . int . metro - night dean huddle in the back car , panic-breath , as pratt and jone move through the car search for face . dean look for a out . he see a emergency stop handle . he yank it forward . passengers yell . the brake lock and screech . the train slow . then stop . dean open the door . and jump . he look around . just black curve track in either direction . he start run . then he hear it . the horrible screeching of a approach train . trapped . on one side , the train he leave . on the other , a wall . he run down the track with all that 's leave . pratt and jone reach the open door and see the oncoming train bear down on dean . they duck in as the train swishes by . dean lay flat between the track , he face kissing greasy ground as the train screech over he . ton of angry steel be teasing he shirt fabric . then it 's over . the train 's go . dean 's alive . he get up to see pratt and jone leap to the track . dean ( under he breath ) I hate this guy . then he see a " emergency access " sign beam in the darkness . a god-send . dean run for it . ext . metro emergency access exit - night pratt and jone fly out the door and into a park . it 's empty . quiet . no Dean anywhere . reynold ( v.o. ) I be confuse about something . maybe you can help I out . ext . terrace - continuous the lincoln Memorial be see in the distance . reynold have break off party guest and pace in he tux , a encrypt cellular phone press to he ear . reynold ( cont 'd ) I sit on top of the great intelligence gather organization in human history . why can not I bring in a man whose name be in the fuck phonebook ?! hick he 's clever . he have help . reynold he 's clever ? he have help ? ( beat ) oh. hick Sir -- reynold no , no , I be sorry . I do not realize you be hope to be transfer to a weathership outside Greenland . hick I just mean -- reynold I do not care if he 's Solomon with Saint Joseph sit in he lap . I want the tape and I want he . now be -- a waiter with a tray step out onto the terrace ... reynold ( cont 'd ) ( to the waiter ) yes ? waiter puffed cheese ? reynold no thank you . waiter I also have tiny pizza and mushroom stuff with -- reynold do I look like I want a tiny pizza ? waiter no . reynold then let 's assume I do not . waiter yes sir . the waiter go back inside . reynold ( into phone ) now be that clear ? waiter yes sir . reynold disconnect , breathes deeply , and go back to the party . ext . rachel's condo build - night dean watch from the shadow . it seem quiet . he 's about to move for the entrance when he see -- a cigarette lighter flame - up inside a park car . two men sit inside , watch . dean retreat into the shadow . ext . rachel be condo - back entrance - night quiet . dean listen through the door and hear nothing . he knock softly . no reply . he try the doorknob . it open . int . rachel's kitchen - night dean enter . the place be still . dean Rachel ? no answer . dean drift through the live room . a lamp be knock over on the floor . dean keep move into the bedroom . he stop in the doorway - eye fix inside . dean be Pov : rachel lie on she stomach , naked in bed . dean ( approach ) Rachel ? she do not respond . he touch she . nothing . he turn she over . her face be freeze , eye open , neck purple and bruise with sign of strangulation . dean oh God -- dean want to throw up but hold it down . then , under a night table , he see a shirt . he grab it . dean's Pov : a oxford button-down . the inside collar be stamp with a dry-cleaner 's marker read : R. dean . panic overtake horror as dean quickly search for anything else of he that may have be plant inside the apartment . under the bed - a cufflink . in the bathroom - a hairbrush . on the desk - document with he name on they . dean shove everything into a garbage bag . grabbing a towel , he retrace he step , wiping he print from everything he touch . exiting , he wipe off the doorknob as -- a neighbor door open . a couple stumble out , laugh , kissing ... and notice dean leave Rachel 's condo . int . underground parking garage - night jerry walk alone through the large underground garage on the way to he car . he pause , think he 's hear something . nothing . he continue walk . he reach he car . suddenly someone come up behind he fast . jerry spin -- -- it 's dean . dean ( whisper ) Jerry -- jerry Christ ! dean ssh ! jerry Bobby -- dean it 's the NSA . they be the one do this . jerry Bobby -- dean the NSA 's do this ' cause they think I have something . and they kill -- jerry calm down . dean they kill Rachel . jerry ( pause ) Rachel 's dead ? dean yes . jerry Jesus . dean my stuff 's all over she apartment . jerry Bobby -- dean they be frame I . jerry why would they -- dean I do not know . I mean -- jerry why would the NSA -- dean I do not know ! jerry you be tired . dean Jerry -- jerry listen to I . dean you gotta -- jerry no , listen to I . you gotta let I bring you in . dean no , I - - jerry you gotta let I bring you in to the police . dean I will not make it to the police . they will not let I get there . you go . jerry to the cop ? dean to the NSA . make a deal . tell them to stop . tell them I do not have what they be after . make a deal . jerry Bobby , you be in way over you head . dean go to them , Jerry . jerry I have a family . dean so do I ! jerry look at the ground for a long moment ... jerry I be sorry , man . dean no . no , it 's okay . dean start to leave ... jerry Bobby ? piece of advice ? dean yeah ? jerry turn yourself in . dean Jerry ? jerry yeah ? dean go fuck yourself . ext . STREET - early morning establish . a quiet street in Dean 's neighborhood . several reporter be campe in Dean 's driveway entrance , sip coffee . farther down the street , a jeep grand cherokee be park . the driver wait and watch . ext . backyard - same time dean sneak between two large house , ducking by window and scale a fence . somewhere a dog bark a warning as dean plow through a large hedge , enter the backyard to he home . int . dean's house / kitchen - same time dean quietly unlock the door and enter . he listen . the house be quiet . empty . int . dean be foyer - day keys jingle in the front lock . the door open and stacy enter . the tv suddenly remote on - volume loud . she turn as dean approach fast -- stacy Robert -- dean 's hand cup she mouth as he pull she into a pantry closet . int . pantry closet - continuous dean ( barely a whisper ) listen to I . the house be bugge . so we gotta be quiet , okay ? stacy nod understanding . dean slowly remove he hand . dean ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) be Eric in school ? stacy yes . dean have anyone be by ? Police ? FBI ? stacy just reporter . dean I wish you would go to you parent like I ask you . stacy this be my house . nobody 's kick I out of my house . I pick that drape . dean I do not think anybody want the drape , stacy , I think the drape be okay . stacy what happen to you head ? dean I be in a car chase and a small explosion . now listen to I : the NSA be behind this . they think that guy I tell you about , Daniel Zavitz , they think Zavitz give I a tape or computer chip of some kind that could be damaging to they . so they be do all this thing electronically . the bank record , the surveillance . they be the one who break into the house . now I know there 's no reason to believe I . but I love you . and I love we son . so just believe I anyway . ( pause ) please . stacy gently touch he forehead where he 's be cut ... stacy do that hurt ? dean well ... yeah . stacy good . dean stacy -- she grab he and kiss he . the kiss last a good long time before stacy smack he on the arm -- stacy I tell you they could do this . I tell you they have this kind of capability and that with this anti- terrorism it would be just another -- dean stacy ... stacy ... maybe now be not the best time for the I - told - you - so speech . she kiss he again . stacy I be sorry I do not believe you . dean that 's okay . stacy I open the present you get I from Harrison 's . dean you open the thing ? stacy the lingerie . dean that be for Christmas . stacy I be miss you . dean you be as bad as Eric . I have get a entire family of people who root through -- it dawns on he ... everything start come together ... dean ( cont 'd ) ... who root through ...uh... present , and ... stacy what be it ? dean oh Christ . int . jeep grand - cherokee - day the driver continue to watch the area . then -- driver 's Pov : the range rover fly out of the driveway , tire screeching as it speed through the quiet neighborhood . the reporter stare at each other a beat -- -- then leap for they car . driver ( into sleeve - mic ) 504 to 501 . Rover 's flee west on sutton . Driver appear male ! jone ( o.s. ) ( radio effect ) what 's the wife 's ' 20 ' ? driver she 's off location with a friend . jone ( o.s. ) alright - move ! 501 - all unit . take he down ! ext . STREET - continuous unmark car of various description rapidly appear from nowhere give chase . another agent ( o.s. ) ( radio effect ) 502 to 501 , I have get the eyeball . he 's approach ridgeview , we will take he at the intersection . the range rover speed through the neighborhood . suddenly , two car be out in front , block the way . the Range Rover swerve and break as two more car rip up behind , box it in . a un - mark tran - be lag behind , keep reporter at bay . Doors fling open . jone and three men , all in plain clothes , pistol and mac - 10 aim at the Range Rover . nothing happen . the men move closer -- jone grab the door and rip it open , revealing Dean 's piss -frightened nanny behind the wheel in Dean 's trench coat and hat . jone yank she out , put she hard to the ground , gun jamme to she head , as other search the Range Rover for Dean . ext . dean's driveway - continuous dean drive the nanny 's rusted , low -rider dodge out of the driveway . he pause and look . the street be empty . he turn onto the street and calmly drive away . ext . elementary school playground - day establish . a playground jamme with kid . a kickball game 's in progress . eric wait he turn to kick . tracy , a college - age teach assistant come over . tracy Eric ? eric look up ... tracy ( cont 'd ) you father 's here . ext . school build - day dean stand at the edge of the playground in clean , casual clothes . eric run over , face glow . eric dad ! dean do I know you ? eric where have you be ? dean have a adventure . I can not tell you about it right now , but I will tell you about it soon . eric be you and mom get a divorce ? dean no . we be never get a divorce . we be have a fight . it happen sometimes . eric who win the fight ? dean Men do not win fight with woman , son , I will tell you about that sometime , too . in the meantime , I have get a question for you , and it 's incredibly important that you tell I the truth . under no circumstance will I be angry with you . this be a total get - out - of - jail - free card . ready ? eric yeah . dean do you take anything -- anything at all -- out of that Christmas bag I bring home last week . eric hang he head ... bust ... then shout to a group of kide on the playground ... eric ( shouting ) dylaaaan !! dylan come trot over , carry he backpack ... dylan hey , Mr. D. , what 's happenin ' ? dean Dylan , I be just ask Eric if -- dylan oh , God , I know it be stupid , I know we would get catch . but the gameboy be just sit there . right on top of the bag . yes . yes . we take the gameboy out of the bag , but with every intention of put it back . dean ( pause ) you be a tough nut to crack , Dylan . dylan hunt through the backpack as dean and eric look on . all kind of junk fly out -- candy , comic , game - cartridge -- dylan it be break when we find it , I swear . I try fix it for you . I even put in new battery . ( pull out the gameboy ) the screen scramble whenever you boot up . I would try to get you money back . dean eye the piece of the gameboy , know that somewhere in the puzzle of plastic and chip be the key to he problem . ext . baltimore sheraton - evening pedestrian walk on the sidewalk . a man come along and drop a few letter in the corner mailbox . from the other direction come dean . without stop , he casually slashes the mailbox with chalk . int . motel room - night dean 's asleep . there 's a soft shuffling SOUND . the camera explore for the source , move by the window , flash neon , a tv and finally , the door . we push closer as a mule tool snake under the door . the tool pop upright against the door 's inside . the strap drape over the doorknob and tighten . the doorknob turn and open . someone slip in -- close on dean asleep . a hand cover he mouth . dean 's eye go wide . then he see it 's brill ... brill ( whisper ) get dress . we be leave . dean ( whisper ) you could knock on the door , you know , and I would open it . brill move it . ext . cape charle - 4 a.m. establish . the 10 - mile chesapeake Bay Bridge cross the Bay like a serpent worm toward distant norfolk . traffic be thin at this hour . newscaster ( o.s. ) Dean , the attorney recently under investigation for a money launder scheme , be see leave Ms. bank apartment late last night . we push in on a toyota pick - up truck head south . int . pick - up - continuous brill drive with dean riding shotgun . newscaster ( o.s. ) Police be seek -- brill eject as cassette from the dashboard and hand it to dean . brill I tape it off the 11 o'clock news . dean and you be worried about I . that 's nice , I appreciate -- brill I be worried about my hundred and twenty ' k '. dean we say a hundred . brill the price rise with the temperature and right now you be smokin ' . but you be right , you should shop around and get the best price . I will just let you out here . dean ( agree ) one-twenty . brill check the rear-view mirror . brill 's Pov : car headlight follow in the distance . brill do you call anyone ? dean what do you mean ? brill I mean do you call anyone . dean look , my wife be understandably -- brill Jesus ! dean I call my wife ! brill what would I tell you ? dean I do not use my name . brill what would I tell you ? dean I call from a payphone ! brill what would I tell you ? dean you tell I no call . brill I tell you no call . brill do a bootlegger u-turn . several car pass by in the opposite direction . dean sorry . brill you do not get it . they go through you phone record . they fuckin' monitor everyone you call in the last -- dean I do not use my name . brill oh , I will bet that throw them off the scent . I sure hope you cover the mouthpiece with a handkerchief and use a funny voice ! brill turn off the headlight , do another u-turn , pull off on a emergency road and stop . he turn off the engine , roll down the window , look up into the night sky and listen . brill 's Pov : a cloudy night . Silent except for the water and a distant fog-horn . no sound of aircraft . dean ( look up as well ) I do not hear anything . ( on brill 's silence ) maybe you be wrong . brill be stare upward ... brill a hundred and fifty . int . nro keyhole - 12 lab - continuous re-establish . a massive , dark place fill with glow monitor . close on a monitor - display a live sat feed show a thermograph image of brill 's truck . the color heat image of brill look upward be fairly clear . he pop he head back into the truck and pull onto the road . the satellite continue tracking the truck . brill ( o.s. ) it 's a consumate marriage . int . toyota - night brill drive along a high fence surround acre of empty warehouse , dock and rust-bitten fence . he 's still on constant alert - look for sign of they presence . brill ( cont 'd ) the NSA 's be in bed with the entire tele - communication industry since the 40' . they have infect everything : bank , computer , phone , mail , name it . ( stop the car near the gate ) the more technology we buy into , the easier it be keep tabs on we . it 's a brave new world . ( hand dean the key ) at least it better be . dean how do you know so much ? brill none of you business . dean you use to work for them , do not you ? brill I be a traffic analyst . dean give he a look that say , " I do not know what that mean " . brill ( cont 'd ) I intercept phone call . dean how would you get around the tap order ? brill they can tap anything as along as it 's a airwave intercept . cellular and pager you kid can do . ( drive through ) hard -line call we would pick off the relay as they be be feed into ground cable or fire up to the sat . we would suck in everything . all foreign , most domestic . ( dean re-close the gate ) domestic be my group . druggy , radical , loud-mouth . anyone we want . dean ( climb back in ) how would you have the manpower to -- brill ( drive again ) meade have 18 underground acre of computer . they scan every phonecall for target word like " bomb " or " President " . we red-flag phone number or voice print ... whatever we want . when the computer find something , it be bounce to comparative analysis . dean Jesus . brill that be twenty year ago . with digital ? they can suck a salt grain off a beach . dean why would you leave ? brill it be ' 72 . I figure we have enough problem without monitoring a Berkeley kid 's class schedule . so I sell my story to rampart and split . dean they come after you ? brill ( shrugging it off ) well ... there would be too much disclosure to prosecute I . so they ruin my record and make sure I would never hold a real job again . the pick - up stop by a long two -story warehouse . brill ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? dean look like Detroit . brill welcome to Santa 's workshop . int . warehouse - night brill and dean enter the 2nd story of a large , empty structure . dean be carry a crumpled , brown paper bag . in the center of the cavernous space , a windowless , cinderblock room build on 5 - foot support . brill I call it the jar . no phone or utility line go in . brill open a side door revealing a mini-generator . he push the start button . the generator hum to life . brill self-contain . unplugge from the world . ( open jar door ) nothing for a wire bug to piggy - back in on . that leave only transmitter and signal sweep for that . ( turn on the light ) now let 's see what we get . dean toss the paper bag to brill , who empty its content ( the piece of the gameboy ) on to the table . ext . dock - dawn dean sit alone , smoking a cigarette , and watch norfolk rise from dawn 's fog . in the distance we see brill come down from the warehouse toward dean . he stand behind dean for a moment before ... brill that be one ugly sunrise . dean ( pause ) it really be . ( pause ) do you find anything ? brill yeah . ( beat ) take a walk with I . dean get up and join brill . the two of they start in the direction of the second warehouse . brill ( cont 'd ) remember when Senator hamersley die in a accident up near shenandoah ? dean yeah . brill the NSA kill he . dean Jesus . do you have proof ? brill well , actually , you have proof . could you walk a little faster please . dean what 's go on ? brill they be here . dean who ? brill they . dean where ? brill here ? dean here ?! brill in the warehouse . they be hide in a duct on the third floor . when we go back inside , they be gonna kill we . when they notice that we be move toward the car , they will come run out of the building . dean ' Kay , well , could you walk faster , please . int . warehouse - continuous jone and three men be huddle in a duct . voice ( o.s. ) ( through radio ) they be head to the car . jone move it . jone and the three man start down the corridor , gun draw . ext . the second warehouse - continuous dean and brill be kneel beside the chevy , let the air out of the tire . brill empty them ' till they be almost flat . and turn you head . there might be some debris fly you way . dean why ? and with that , the first warehouse explode , send a fireball of debris in all direction . dean what the fuck ?! brill they should not have come without call first . brill jump into the chevy , turn the key and the engine ignites . dean leap in . brill stomp on the gas and tire screech . the chevy hurtle through the warehouse toward a shut garage door . brill click a remote . the door rise . outside the warehouse - the chevy roar outward , scream around a corner , then speed down a road line with warehouse . dean look down a intersect road to glimpse a saturn sedan gain on a parallel road . brill where 's you gun ? they pass a area with no warehouse . the saturn turn , head straight at they . dean back at the warehouse . the saturn pull on the road behind they . the man in the saturn lean out and fire a assault rifle . the side window by Dean 's head shatter . brill one - hand the pistol and check the load . dean ( be : the pistol ) gimme that . brill you sure ? dean you be drive . brill that be fed . dean ( take the pistol ) I do not see a warrant . do you see a warrant ? the chevy enter a narrow lane , the saturn right behind . with the chevy 's tire flat and flap , the saturn hug they rear . dean look back again as the rifleman fire -- the rear window explode . dean pop up and fire three quick , well - place round . the saturn swerve and drop back . brill 's impressed . dean look forward to see a exit road block by a iron cross -bar . brill , unfaze , push the chevy faster . beam or no beam , he 's go through . brill think we let out enough air ? dean ( realize ) oh my God ... brill and dean hit the deck as the chevy 's hood scrape just under the beam . the windshield frame take the full impact . the beam slice through steel and glass , decapitate the car . they emerge on the other side minus roof and window as -- -- the saturn screech-stop inch from the beam and debris . a man leap out , shoulder he rifle and aim -- -- but the chevy disappear around a building . ext . highway - early morning a foggy morning . the rural highway 's desert at this early hour . the chevy rumble by ... int . chevy - continuous dean and brill , windblown but alive , remove shard of glass . brill eye the road behind he . empty . brill we lose them . dean that be not so hard . brill fuckin-a. dean let 's not do the tire thing anymore , okay ? brill yeah , I can see where that would -- he stop talk . he hear rotor thump as a black helicopter appear over a fog-lace hillside , swoop down . brill floor it . the helicopter drop in closer as brill swerve back and forth while take a curve at 70 - plus on flap tire . a helicopter sharp -shooter aim with a m - 16 . a spray of high - power slug suddenly rip into the chevy 's hood . the engine start knock . brill this guy be incredibly persistent . dean tell I about it . the road straighten . up ahead , a tunnel . more bullet slice the hood . radiator fluid start hiss . the chevy start die . brill stomp the pedal , squeezing out every last kick of horsepower . rubber flap . tire shred . steam hiss . bullet fly . the helicopter swoops in lower and lower for the kill shot . int . helicopter - continuous the sharp-shooter line dean in he sight . the pilot keep pace , drop closer . the sharp - shooter have the shot . the chevy reach the tunnel 's open on sparking , screeching wheel rim . the helicopter pull up , miss the hill by inch . but not the power line . the pilot see they too late . the helicopter fly into a web of cable . the upper rotor slice neatly off . the helicopter 's body rocket downward to the road where it bounce and skid like a rock on water until it meet a oncoming semi-truck head - on . blam ! ext . inside the tunnel - continuous brill try steering but metal wheel on concrete do not work . the car shimmy like it 's on ice . spark fly as they bash into the tunnel wall , grind to a stop . int . dodge - continuous a grunge -dude blast he car-stereo as he enter the tunnel , unaware of the mayhem behind he . he slow , see a smoking wreck ahead . closer , he see dean wave he down . he slow more . bad move . brill open the rear door , leap in , and point he pistol at the grunge - dude 's face . dean leap in front . brill drive . dean we be not gonna hurt you . brill drive . dean tell he we be not gonna hurt he . brill drive or I will blow you fuckin ' head off . dean no he will not . brill goddammit -- dean we be honest people and we need you help . I will give you two - hundred dollar if you -- grunge-dude ( leaping out ) take it ! dean actually , I do not have two - hundred dollar . brill drive the damn car ! dean slide into the driver 's seat , drop it in gear and go . the dodge erupt from the tunnel . up ahead , the saturn and another car approach fast in the opposite lane , speed toward the tunnel 's open . the car 's fly by , unaware of dean and brill pass in the dodge . the dodge continue on , fade into the fog . int . NSA / corridor - day reynold and hick walk down a white hallway three football field in length , fill with bustling employee conservatively dress . hick we find two set of latent print in the rubble of brill 's studio . one be dean' . the other , we believe , belong to brill . reynold we believe ? hick well ...his real name 's Edward lyle . reynold lyle ?! hick yes sir . reynold you be kid I . hick no sir . reynold Dean 's with lyle . hick and they have the video . that 's confirm . reynold so they know everything . hick if they have look at the video . reynold oh , let 's assume that they have . hick if he 's with lyle it mean he 's get resource . reynold resource , that 's a good point . he 's get resource . all we have get be a six - hundred billion dollar organization ! now goddammit , hick , you find them . you find them and you end it now ! reynold walk off leave hick to ponder he fate . ext . used car lot - day establish . plastic flag and price slashed sign be everywhere . a blue Taurus pull off the lot ... dean ( o.s. ) we will take the tape directly to CBS . I will hand it directly to the News Department . int . taurus - continued brill listen to you , " directly " . you be not gonna get near the News Department . and if you do , it would never get on the air . time -life bury the Zapruder film for 15 year . dean what about newspaper and magazine ? brill same thing ? dean so what do we do now ? brill I be thinkin ' about ask for my hundred and fifty grand and call it quit . dean what if we do a mailing to congressman . brill it would never get through . all package be screen , x-ray and then hand - searched for explosive . you do not like my " give - mex my - money " idea ? int . taurus - night brill drive . dean think . dean what if we hand deliver to they home or office ? brill the area 's wire for surveillance , they will be look for that move . dean well how do I know what they be -- brill I know . I know what they be look for and I be tell you . the car radio be play a newscast ... newscaster ( o.s. ) ( from the radio ) -- after which , Senator Albert will address a fund - raiser at Boston University . dean what if we put it on the internet ? brill have you see how fuckin ' slow the net be ? it would take ten minute to unload enough video so that people know what they be see , and it would take the NSA maybe 40 second to see it come down and shut down the access . newscaster ( o.s. ) ( from the radio ) -- this will be the last stop on the Senator 's eight - city tour before the Senate vote on Tuesday . brill ( reconsider ) but maybe if there be no phone line -- dean have start listen to the radio ... brill ( cont 'd ) what if we transmit it over cellular ? dean listen -- brill Nah , they would shut down the pin number . dean what if -- brill if they could not do that , they would shut down the whole system , all the relay . dean what if -- brill they have do it before . take maybe two minute . dean what if -- brill what if what ? dean what if we just fuck with them ? brill ( pause ) how ? dean same way they do with you and I . we take they biggest guy and turn he into one of we . brill reynold . dean no . brill who ? a montage of event : int . motel room - day brill educate dean on simple way to alter one 's appearance . dean ( v.o. ) Senator Sam Albert , senior Republican . very well respected . int . boston university / auditorium - day a large auditorium . prepations be be make for Senator Albert 's upcoming speech . brill and dean casually case the area for vulnerability . dean we will play the NSA 's game only we will play it badly . ext . le meridian HOTEL , boston - day establish . a five-star hotel overlook Massachusetts Bay . brill ( v.o. ) you wanna get catch spying on Albert ? dean ( v.o. ) no , I want the NSA to get catch spying on Albert . int . HOTEL lobby - continuous christa hawkins , late 20' , the Senator 's advance - person , stand at registration secure room for she boss and he team . dean ( v.o. ) we be gonna lead Albert by the nose to one conclusion . and then when he 's piss as hell , we be gonna drop the tape in he lap . how fast can you teach I what I need to know ? brill ( v.o. ) how fast can you learn ? next to christa , look conservative and alter in appearance , be dean , eavesdropp on the Senator 's room number and any other pertinent info . ext . radio shack - day establish . one of that cheesy place in a mini-mall . dean ( v.o. ) pretty fast . brill we will have to re-stock some basic . int . radio shack - continuous brill and dean go shopping . brill bug , frequency scanner , contact micu , transmitter , pin-hole , fiber optic -- int . motel room - day the curtain be draw . device cover the table and bed . brill what do you know about lock cellular phone signal ? dean I know my phone number and I know the number for Sports phone . Beyond that -- brill shit . int . taurus - day dean drive while brill sit with he open PC lap- top connect to he cellular phone . brill a ' modify ' oki 900 interface with a lap - top create a enormously powerful tool . ( refer to the cell - phone ) I get into the software , do some code re-writ and turn it into one of the best scan- look system around . close on screen - a street map appear with position of the network 's relay . line appear indicate all in - progress cellular call along with they location . brill ( cont 'd ) this be every call on the grid . I can lock and position any one I want and follow the hand - off in real time . brill punch a number into the cellular and the phone lock on the signal . through the lap -top , we hear ringing and then a answering voice . woman' voice ( o.s. ) Super shuttle . man' voice ( o.s. ) this be Dr. Jonathan Phillips , 102 stern drive in brockton . I need a airport ride on Friday at 6 pm with a return pick - up Monday at 5 . there will be two of we and -- brill ( disconnect ) need a place to stay for the weekend ? a new tv ? ( brill have repeat the process ) another man' voice ( o.s. ) Triple-A emergency Road service . May I have you name and membership number ? young woman' voice ( o.s. ) colleen crane . Card number 020-113-- dean unbelievable . brill all from a hundred dollar scanner at Radio shack . but it 's time for business . brill dial he computer into a new line . tone and command fly quick as brill 's computer modem into another . dean what be you dial ? brill ameritech 's data-base . ( point on the screen ) there 's Albert 's D.C. office address and he phone 's identity code . now we just reprogram out phone with he id code and you know what we have get ? senator albert ( o.s. ) ( mid-conversation ) -- do not think it could have go any better . tell I , how 's Deb ? how're my grandchild ? brill a receiver tune permanently to the Senator 's phone . ext . freeway - continuous a customize rv zip down the highway . senator' wife ( o.s. ) Melissa have a fever . when will you be in the room ? int . rv - continuous it 's a plush affair befit the Senator 's position . albert speak in the cellular phone while a aide , patrick , review last minute change for Albert 's upcoming speech . senator albert not ' till later tonight . we be go to the campus now . ( beat ) I will call you after I have check in . ( beat ) I love you too , dear . int . le meridian HOTEL / lobby - day christa stand at the front desk as the clerk hand she several fax . dean , disguise , sit across the lobby read a paper . dean 's Pov : christa exit the hotel to a wait car . dean ( into conceal sleeve mic ) she just leave . int . HOTEL corridor - day numbered door on each side . brill walk down the hall , hair slicked , mustache , wear a suit and carry a briefcase . brill ( v.o. ) the important thing about installation be number . int . christa's HOTEL room - day series of shot : brill enter christa 's room and open he briefcase revealing tool and listen bug . brill ( v.o. ) they may find one , but they be not gonna find them all . -- brill plant device behind the headboard -- -- Inside the telephone -- -- behind the desk -- -- Inside the tv -- -- brill rifling through christa 's personal item , eyeing paper work , photograph interesting document . -- brill open a connect door , pick a second lock , and enter the adjoin suite . int . christa's HOTEL room - night a clock read 1:28 am . the light be on and the bed unslept in . christa 's not see . then the connect door open -- christa step from the Senator 's adjoin suite in a silk robe , nothing underneath . she turn in the doorway , revealing albert , naked in a towel . christa close the door , climb in bed and grab the remote . she click on the tv . feedback screech from the set . she try change channel but the screeching continue . she try turn off the set , but it will not turn off . she grab the phone and dial . christa ( into phone ) can you send someone up right away . I be have a problem with my tv ... it 's screeching and I -- ( beat ) it 's screeching and I -- christa be notice that she voice be cause the tv image to distort in sync . christa ( cont 'd ) it 's screeching and I can not turn it off . int . HOTEL restaurant - morning senator albert dine with a aide as patrick approach , a grave look on he face . patrick take a seat . senator albert what happen to you last night ? patrick reach in he case and pull out one of brill 's listen bug and hand it to albert who put on he eyeglass . patrick christa find it last night attach to she tv . it 's a listen device . senator albert a bug ? patrick yeah . senator albert Jesus h.-- patrick we should everything check . there 's a company in Cambridge call baudmore . they be discreet . seat next to albert 's table be dean , unnotice as he sip coffee , skim news , and eavesdrop on they murmur with a small , conceal parabolic mic and ear - phone . senator albert well get somebody down here today . I do not know what the hell this be all about . ext . STREET corner - day a phone distribution box be open , revealing a mass of circuit board . brill stand at the box hold a circuit-dialer phone to he ear . intercut with : int . HOTEL lobby / news stand - continuous dean watch patrick approach a pay phone . dean ( into sleeve mic ) he 's go into the payphone outside the restaurant . it 's a Cambridge company call baudmore . brill connect two alligator clip to a line inside the box . brill ( into sleeve mic ) get it . brill 's phone line immediately ring . he wait ... then answer . brill ( into phone ) baudmore consultant . patrick be Jerry delsano in ? brill who 's call ? patrick it 's Pat cary . I work for Senator Sam Albert and I be give Jerry 's name . brill Jerry 's on vacation ' till Monday . I can give he the message when he get back . that be Patrick and the last name -- patrick the thing be ... it really can not wait . brill my name 's Neil . maybe I can help you . int . senator albert HOTEL room - day close on a frequency counter sweeping a chest of drawer . the device start buz , indicate a transmitter . brill , disguise , be on hand and knee , search under a chest where he ' discover ' a bug he plant earlier . brill ( remove the transmitter ) oh yeah . get another one here . brill show it to patrick , a very embarrassed HOTEL manager and a very serious head of HOTEL security . brill ( cont 'd ) nasty fella . a TX -703 . remote on - off , three - thousand foot range . shit , you could listen from a shopping mall across the street . int . senator albert rv - day brill stand in front of senator albert . brill well , sir , I be afraid it 's not as simple as that . you average newspaper guy or hard copy lady or whatever , they can not buy this stuff . senator albert well then who can ? brill ah , sir , you know , it 's not for I to say . senator albert what do you mean ? who can buy this kind of equipment . brill the thing be , Senator , and I do not want to get in the middle of nothing , but -- senator albert what be you say ? brill most of this stuff 's only available to law enforcement . senator albert Law enforcement ? brill FBI , CIA , NSA , local cop . senator albert be you sure about this ? brill unwrap a towel revealing the grease - cover NSA tracker he remove from Dean 's BMW . brill I yank this off you rv . it 's a Global position tracker . senator albert oh my God . brill tracks you location to the inch and work directly with -- you know ... senator albert with what ? brill with spy satellite . I do not like say this thing Senator ... senator albert ( shaking brill 's hand ) Neil , thank you for you help . brill anytime . patrick escort brill out of the rv . the senator , fume , open a book , look up a phone number and punch it into he phone . senator albert ( into the phone ) this be Sam Albert . put I through to langley . Dick marshal 's office . int . university coffee shop - day a place pack with student , computer and teachers . dean sit in a corner read a magazine , but what he 's really watch be -- a well -dress man at the counter , he back to dean , order a cup of coffee . the man glance at dean off the mirror behind the counter . brill walk in and join dean . brill Albert 's prime . we will let he stew for a day and then drop the tape . brill look over at the well-dressed man . dean he come in four minute ago . brill ( pause ) c'mon . they be about to start for the front door when a unmark police car pull up in front . a rowdy group of frat boy flood in , loud and busy . by the time they pass , brill and dean be go . the well -dress man scan the coffee shop and see the back door swinging shut . ext . STREET - day dean and brill run down the street , through a alley and over a fence to another street . they slow as they approach the park Taurus . brill take the wheel with dean beside he . they pull into traffic . thing look good , but then the unmarked car and a squad car scream up behind , light flash . int . taurus - continuous brill dump the car into low gear and the Taurus come alive . int . squad car - continuous a cop pick up the radio-mic . cop one-lincoln - nine . in pursuit of two suspect , one match description of Robert Dean , want in connection with a homicide . suspect northbound on -- ext . boston street - continuous through alley , down street , under a overpass , down a one - way street , barely miss a head - on as they roar into a rail - yard traversing the waterfront . brill 's at he best , put distance between himself and the cop at every turn . finally , it look as if they have make it as they race down a alleyway , only to realize it 's a dead -end . brill slam into reverse . they screech backward , tire smoking . too late . the squad car rip into the alleyway , box they in . brill hit the brake . he look back at the dead - end and see a empty flat - bed trailer with a ramp . brill give it everything . if they can get enough speed and hit the ramp right , maybe they can clear the obstruct wall . brill feeling lucky ? dean not particularly , no . they hit the ramp full speed . the front end bottom at the Taurus bounce skyward . tire clip the wall as the car flip and smashes into a park rail - car fill with coal . they be not go anywhere . back in the alley , the squad car skid to a stop . a rookie climb from he car , leap the wall , draw he gun and near ... Inside the Taurus , the window be shattered . steam hiss , gasoline drip and coal be everywhere . dean shimmy out through a break side window . he barely get to he foot as he stumble 20 yard or so . his foot accidentally dislodge a large pile of coal , which bury he up to he waist and immobilize he . dean shit . ( to brill ) I be stick . help I out . he look back to see that brill be hang out the driver 's side , bleed badly and cover in gas . cop ( on waist radio ) one-lincoln - nine , suspect of would into a coal car at the fullbright rail - yard . requesting back - up , fire and ambulance . a unmark car with red-flasher race up the rail - yard and stop . the rookie turn as jone and krug hop out . jone ( flash id ) FBI . what do you get ? cop two murder suspect . one 's wounded , the other 's maybe dead . jone thank you . krug draw he silence pistol and matter of factly shoot the cop dead . jone ( to krug ) check inside . dean be watch this all unseen , helplessly try to dig himself out of the coal . krug inspect the Taurus interior for anything of interest . jone scan the area . krug ( to brill as he search . ) I hate doin ' cop , I really do . you I will not mind . do not mind that Rachel bank . do not mind doin ' she one bit . ( see dean 's shoe ) you lawyer friend bury over there ? brill can only gurgle blood . jone pop the Taurus 's trunk have look inside . krug dig quickly through the coal pile , search for Dean . then brill see he -- brill 's Pov : dean down off the side of the coal - car , lodge in the coal pile . he 's safe , but not once krug discover he 's not in the car . brill push in the cigarette lighter . jone dump everything from the Taurus into the unmark car . siren suddenly fade in . krug dig faster , look for dean , as jone approach with he pistol , clamber around for brill . krug fuck he , he 's dead in two minute . find dean. jone start to back out , just as the Taurus 's cigarette lighter pop out . brill grab it . krug eye the glow lighter . then he eye brill . shit . brill ignites the gas . WA - woomff !! a fireball explode , consume all - the car , brill , krug . jone be blow off he foot from the concussion . jone ( scramble away ) fuck -- jone wipe print off he pistol and silencer and toss it into the flame as the police car approach . dean watch from the shadow as flame incinerate everything . marshal ( v.o. ) I just come from my office at langley . Senator Albert call I there . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. restaurant terrace - day marshal and shaffer dine with reynold at a restaurant overlook the potomac . shaffer I get the same call at the Bureau . he 's upset . reynold about what ? marshal about what ? do I look stupid ? reynold ken-- marshal do shaffer look stupid to you ? shaffer we be not stupid , reynold . marshal the fuck do you have goin ' on with Sam Albert ? shaffer this guy 's carry the flag for the damn terrorism bill . you think this be the best time to piss he off ? marshal you have any idea what kind of position this -- shaffer he 's carry the damn flag . reynold we be not do anything with Sam Albert . marshal he think we be stupid . shaffer he find a NSA sat tracker on he motor home today . reynold it 's not ours . marshal it be pulsing on you sat frequency . shaffer I do not know what 's go on , but if you people have trip over you own asshole again , you be not gonna get any help from we . it 's end at you doorstep . hick ( v.o. ) brill 's dead . int . town car - day reynold ride in the back of the car , a cellular to he ear . reynold what about -- hick ( o.s. ) we do not know . reynold explain that . intercut with : int . tech room - continuous the room be cramme with people as hick talk over the phone . hick Jones have to flee the scene before we could locate the second body . reynold what about the tape ? hick we think it be on brill . if it be , it 's destroy now . reynold and if it be not ? organ music can be hear as reynold snap he phone shut . priest ( o.s. ) peace be with you . ext . saint paul' church - day establish . a beautiful church in a expensive neighborhood . chorus of parishioner ( o.s. ) and also with you . int . church - continuous a crowded Catholic mass . the priest deliver a sermon from a altar decorate with Christmas candle and evergreen . priest the Lord say : I leave you peace , my peace I leave you . let we now , in the spirit of this holiday , turn to we neighbor and offer they a sign of peace . reynold stand in a pew beside he two daughter and he wife . he turn to that immediately around he , shaking they hand . reynold peace be with you ... peace be with you . a disguise dean take reynold hand and shake it ... dean merry Christmas . it 's I . reynold do I know you ? dean I be Robert Dean . within twelve hour , you be gonna be in jail . peace be with you . reynold be dumbstruck ... priest let we now offer up thanks to the Lord we God in the word we Father give we . congregation we Father , who art in Heaven , hallow would be thy name -- stacy ( v.o. ) Robert , be it safe to be talk on the phone like this ? int . a bedroom - night dean sit on a bed while talk into a modify cellular computer . the screen show he current call signal re-rout between relay station . dean ( into phone ) I have re-route the call . they can not trace it . intercut with : int . dean's house / bedroom - continuous stacy ( into phone ) be you sure you be safe ? dean ( into phone ) yeah . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - continuous close on a SMALL gray cone - shape microwave antenna stacy ( o.s. ) they be say you kill that policeman . dean ( o.s. ) that 's gonna end tonight . ext . expressway - continuous close on a microwave tower with nine gray cone point nine direction . the intercept phone signal be relay . stacy ( o.s. ) where be you ? dean ( o.s. ) I can not tell you that . ext . kent island - continuous re-establish . a concrete building rise from the wood . stacy ( o.s. ) can you tell I anything ? int . cement build - continuous close on computer screen show hundred of phone number scrolling by . a massive vacume cleaner of every cellular call be make in the state of maryland . the computer scan for trigger number or word . dean ( o.s. ) I can tell you this : that anti- terrorism bill you be so work up about ? I do not think it 's gonna pass . a phone number lock on the screen -- technician get it ! int . reynold bedroom - continuous the phone on the nightstand begin to ring . reynold wake as he wife roll to the other side of the bed . he grab he scrambler phone and go into -- int . bathroom - continuous reynold close the door and wait as scramble line connect . finally , a confirm tone . reynold yeah . intercut with : int . van - continuous hick be on the phone . hick found he . Kent Island nail the call five minute ago . he 's stationary . reynold do you have visual ? hick not yet . he 's near " m " and 34th . I have get a elsur unit on the scene now . a residential building . twelve unit . reynold what 's you eta ? hick Three minute . we be go in light . myself and two other . everyone else be hold back in reserve . reynold he walk right up to I in church . at the holy time of the wear . he approach I in a sanctify place . ( beat ) kill he now . ext . a victorian apartment build - night establish . peaceful street , quaint apartment . three men stroll to the entrance of a well - maintain building . one jimmy the lock and a moment later they be in . int . lobby - continuous hick , jone and davis prepare . all have miniature earphone . davis check he silence pistol . hick activate a frequency locator . the needle snap on . he look at davis and jone . they be ready . all hand signal , no word , as the trio ascend the staircase . one flight , two . then hick stop . the needle say they be close . hick motion . they target 's on two . they move down the hall - silent except for a creak floor and a tv show drift from a apartment . someone 's up at this hour . they move on . hick watch the needle as it move . he motion davis and jone to a door . jone put a reverse-viewer against the peep-hole . jone 's Pov : a view of a entryway and live room . a light bleed from a o.s. source . Beyond that there 's no sign of life . hick put a contact - mic against the door and listen to faint conversation somewhere inside , possibly the phone call . hick nod to jone who quickly pick the lock while davis eye the hall . after a nervous moment , the door open and hick , jone and davis enter . int . the apartment - continuous they spread out , search the well - decorate condo for the target . they near the room with light . use a mini-mirror , hick look around the bend to see -- a bedroom . there 's a briefcase on the bed . they enter . from the bathroom they hear sound of running water . they slowly approach . Wood again creak beneath they . dean 's voice be hear through the lock door . hick signal " on three " . he count , and they smash the door open to see -- --a cellular phone tape to a baby-monitor . dean 's nowhere in sight . hick the fuck be this ? int . police station / dispatch area - night spin bank of reporter manned by police dispatcher . we move to one desk where a phone ring . a LED immediately display the caller 's name ; kruger , jack , along with he social - security number and date of birth . dispatcher nine-one - one emergency . old man' voice ( o.s. ) my name 's Jack kreuger , I be at 1102 gramble . I just see three guy break into the condo next door . it look to I like they have gun . int . victorian building's basement - continuous dean have the phone circuit box open and be plugge in with a phone -line . over the phone 's mouthpiece , he hold a electronic Voice - mask which alter he voice into a old mar n's . dispatcher ( o.s. ) we will send a unit over there now . if it 's safe , sir , we would like you to stay by you phone . dean yeah , I think I will stay where I be . int . squad car - night dispatcher ( o.s. ) ( radio effect ) any available unit . armed 549 in progress . int . van - continuous Three technician overhear the police radio call . dispatcher ( o.s. ) Three suspect now inside . 1102 gramble , apartment 302 . technician shit . ( into radio ) 201 to first team . pull out . we get the cop . int . apartment - continuous hick spin and head for the door . davis hit it first . he grab the doorknob and pull -- -- and the knob rip from the door , trail small wire . davis fuck I ! jone what would you do ? davis it come off in my hand ! ext . STREET - continuous two squad car come roll up and four cop get out and head into the building . int . the apartment jone be try to pry the door open with he finger . no use . technician ( over radio ) get outa there , guy ! while jone continue on the door , davis run to the window . throughout this , hick will stand in the middle of the room and , simply , oddly , stare at the mantle over the fireplace . davis goddamit ! hick smile ... and now he start laugh a little ... jone what 's so fuckin ' funny ? hick motion to a frame picture over the fireplace . hick it 's over . we have be fuck with we pants on . the frame picture be of Senator SAM albert and christa hawkins . hick ( cont 'd ) we break into she condo . door wood explode inward . the two cop roll in crouch position , weapon draw . cop # 1 police ! freeze ! hick do not move , davis freeze like a deer in headlight , jone stare with cold , dead eye . cop # 2 drop the weapon ! now ! two more cop arrive . jone and davis drop they gun . cop # 1 on the ground ! now ! face the floor ! they do so . cop three and four go room to room make sure no one else be lurking . in the bedroom , they find the briefcase . Inside the briefcase -- -- listen bug , installation equipment and compromise photo of the Senator with christa . christa ( o.s. ) oh my God ! what 's go on ?! back in the live room , christa have walk through the break - in apartment door to see jone , hick and davis lie on the floor at gun point . cop # 2 ma'am , be this you apartment ? christa what happen ?! cop # 1 would you step out in the hallway for a moment , mar 'am . christa oh god. cop # 2 please . we will be right with you . christa back slowly out of the apartment and into -- int . hallway - continuous christa hold she hand over she mouth and be shaking . a voice come from a alcove ... voice ( o.s. ) christa ? she turn . dean step out from the alcove . dean ( cont 'd ) you get a second ? christa who be you ? dean my name 's Robert Dean . ext . residential STREET in chevy chase - night a up - scale neighborhood . two inexpensive car that do not seem to belong there sit in front of a large home . int . senator albert private study - continuous dean sit with a drink in he hand . across from he be christa and patrick . they sit in uncomfortable silence for a moment before senator albert enter in bathrobe and pajamas . albert I understand we have a problem . patrick Senator -- christa Senator , there be some thing I could not tell you over the phone . albert what kind of thing ? patrick Mr. Dean have a video tape from the hotel room in Boston . albert ( pause ) I see . dean it 's actually dh - 1 digitech pinpoint scan with a frequency modulator . albert I do not know what that mean . dean I neither , but the upshot be I have get color live - action footage of you and ms hawkins and it do not look good . albert so ...how much money do you want in exchange for not ruin my life ? dean I do not want any money . and believe I , I have no interest in ruin you life . I be not interested in this tape . albert you be not . patrick then what do you want from the Senator ? dean I want he to look at a different tape . people have be kill . live have be ruin . ( dean take the computer chip from he pocket ) Senator , I want you to look at this . and I want you to bring the fury of God himself upon this man . dean toss the chip to albert . int . reynold bedroom - night reynold be asleep when the phone wake he up . once again , he reach for he scramble phone head into the bathroom . after wait for the signal that the line 's clear ... reynold yeah . technician ( o.s. ) Sir , we have just intercept a FBI communication . reynold ( into phone ) well ... what be it ? technician ( o.s. ) well , sir , it seem there 's a warrant out on -- the doorbell ring . reynold be alarmed . now there 's banging at the door and doorbell ring again . reynold wife ( o.s. ) ( from the bedroom ) who be that , dear ? reynold snap the phone shut and go downstairs to the door . when he open the door he see two FBI agent with they id 's flapped open and six uniform policemen back they up . FBI agent John reynold ? reynold what the hell -- FBI agent you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent . anything you say -- reynold wife ( o.s. ) ( from upstairs ) honey ...? int . dean's STREET - morning a paperboy toss a newspaper at the Dean 's door . senator albert ( o.s. ) privacy and the right to privacy be a inalienable right . int . dean's kitchen - continuous stacy have c-span on the tv while she make breakfast for eric . senator albert be address the senate . eric this guy be always make speech . stacy it 's a important speech , Eric . there 's gonna be a vote today . senator albert ( on tv ) today we face a threat to that creed . certain individual in we intelligence community believe they be entitle to examine life in minute detail , and claim to do it in the name of the common good . eric if they be voting today , have not everyone pretty much make up they mind . stacy actually , this man appear to have change he mind dramatically . eric why ? voice ( o.s. ) he see the light , my son . eric and stacy whip around -- eric dad ! stacy and eric run to dean ... stacy be it over ? dean it 's over . eric how long can you stay ? dean I be not goin ' anywhere , Eric . I live here . eric and dean hug . stacy get ready for school , you be gonna be late . eric be it okay to use the phone now ? dean it 's okay to use the phone . eric alright ! dean no " 900 " number . but eric have disappear up the stair ... stacy it 's really over ? dean Albert 's gonna get I my job back . stacy ( pause ) I be sorry about Rachel . dean yeah . ( beat ) I wish you could have meet ... stacy who ? dean a friend of mine . I do not know he real name . he 's dead now . stacy you do good . stacy point to the tv and dean watch for a moment ... albert ( on tv ) I have live through the dark age of Hoover 's watch - list and mccarthy 's witch hunt - man who use moral crusade , fire by fear , to lay waste to we freedom . stacy c'mon upstairs . I have get a Christmas present from Harrison 's I want to show you . dean arrive as stacy take he by the arm . they head upstairs as albert continue on ... albert ( on tv ) we intelligence community presently monitor we phone , computer , financial transaction , medical history ... all this and more . some of you may say , " Fine . I be not a criminal and I have nothing to hide . " well God forbid we ever edge to tyranny . God forbid George Orwell 's version of America become a reality . we be that close . albert 's speech continue as we ... roll end credit . fade to black .