for you consideration enough Said best original screenplay written and directed by Nicole holofcener enough Said best original screenplay written and directed by Nicole holofcener ( '' 2012 willow and oak , inc . all rights reserve . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of willow and oak , inc . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . ext . hollywood apartment build - day Eva , 45 and attractive , get out of she old prius , take out a large massage table and proceed to carry it to the apartment building . she 's wear sweatpant and sneaker , ready for work . int . hollywood apartment - day a middle age man , martin , be enjoy he massage . face up , gape mouth and utterly relaxed , Eva work on he neck and shoulder from behind he . martin oh , yeah , right there , my neck . perfect . eva take a deep breath and hold it a minute . ( he do ) now , exhale . he let out a long exhale and Eva almost fall over from he bad breath . she have to back up . eva ( cont 'd ) good ... martin should I do it again ? eva no , no . one be good . int . brentwood house / bedroom - day Eva give a massage to cynthia , 35 , who lie face down . despite the soothing music , Cynthia talk loudly and constantly . cynthia she bring cupcake , I bring cake pop , and she go '' they be the same thing '' but they be not the same thing because a cupcake be a cupcake , a cake pop be a cake with a stick in it . anyway , the real issue be she daughter because she 's not very smart whereas my daughter Anna ... enough say 2 cynthia roll over , continue to talk . when she 's on she back Eva close Cynthia 's eye . ext . young man' house - another day Eva lug she large massage table up the stair to a apartment . it 's heavy and clumsy . the front door ( at the top of the stair ) open up and hal , 30 , greet she . hal hey Eva . come on up ! he smile and watch she struggle up the stair , not help . ext . eva' house - night a cute , well keep bungalow type place . int . eva' house / bedroom - night Eva be at she mirror put on lipstick . her daughter ellen , 18 and cute , come in return a necklace to the dresser . ellen hey mom . where be you go ? eva to a party with Sarah and will so they do not have to be alone . ( beat ) you want to come ? ellen why ? eva because you be leave soon and we should hang out . ellen I be good . she head back into she own room . enough say 3 int . will be new prius - night will ( 42 ) drive . his wife Sarah ( 40 ) sit beside he put on some makeup . Eva listen from the backseat as they explain something to she . will we can never find anything . sarah she put thing in the weirdest place . like , if I leave my bracelet on the kitchen counter she will put they in a drawer in the kitchen . ( to will ) why can not you just do it ? will I always do it . I fire the gardener . it 's not fair . sarah ( to Eva ) we want to fire she but he will not do it . ( to will ) it 's not hard for you . why do it have to be fair ? will you should do it because it 's hard for you . sarah oh , please . will come on Sarah , grow up . you can fire a may . sarah be that the definition of maturity ? be able to fire you friggin’ may ? eva ( lean forward , show she lipstick ) Sarah , do this color look good on I ? sarah you look good . pretty . will that 's nice . Nice look . enough say ext . palisade house - night will , Sarah and Eva scan the large party and the beautiful back yard . eva so whose party be this ? will well , he 's a big book agent and she 's a interior designer . they know everyone . sarah maybe there 's single man here . oh shit , I see a patient . eva what be you go to do ? sarah I do not know . ignore she until I can not . eva show I . introduce I ! sarah no way . eva you be a wet blanket . oh , I see someone from my gym . Eva wander off to say hi to the gym woman , hilary . she 's stand with another very attractive and stylish woman , marianne . both be mid 40' . hilary Eva - hi . this be Marianne . this be Eva . Eva 's a fabulous masseuse . marianne oh ! Nice to meet you . hilary oh , will you guy excuse I for a sec ? I have get to find a bathroom . she walk off leave Marianne and Eva alone . eva that be abrupt . enough say eva ( cont 'd ) wow , I love what you be wear . you dress , and you shoe and you purse . marianne oh , thanks . gee , I should bring you everywhere . I love you outfit . so , you be a masseuse . and you be good ? eva I be . eva ( cont 'd ) what be it that you do ? marianne I be a poet . eva and I be a dreamer . marianne no . really . eva oh . you - you be really a poet ? marianne I be . eva and you make a live ? marianne I do ! eva you be a poet . now I know it . marianne good one . eva feel free to steal it ! angle on will stand alone , drink . Eva walk up . eva ( cont 'd ) I think I just get a new client . enough say 6 will where ? Eva point . they see Marianne be fawn over by a couple of guest . will ( cont ’d ) she look clean . eva she 's really nice . and funny . great taste . will and extremely attractive . eva you think every woman at this party be attractive . will pretty much . Eva look around . eva there be not one man here that I be attract to . just then two men approach will . one be jason , 50 . jason will , do not know you would be here ! will hey Jason . this be my friend Eva . jason hi. this be Albert . they all shake hand . albert be 45 and have a bit of a belly . eva Nice party , huh ? lot of white ball hang down . will Eva be just tell I that there 's not one man at this party that she 's attract to . enough say eva okay ! I do not know why you would make that announcement ? albert be that unusual ? eva no , not unusual at all . and no offense . albert ( joke ) that 's okay , I be not attract to anyone here , either . eva okay . good . yeah , it 's kind of a ugly crowd . will ( make conversation ) Jason , you have get a kid in college now , right ? jason two . albert I have get one leave in the fall . eva so do i. albert it 's all I have . eva I too ! jason oh come on , you guy . you want you kid to go away ! it 's healthy ! eva shut up . albert yeah , shut up . Albert look at Eva , clearly charme . enough say int . prius - night Sarah and will drive home from the party , Eva be in the backseat . will do all the guy get boner ? eva no. sarah have not we be over this ? eva yes . will massage make I nervous . I spend the whole time afraid I be gonna get a boner . sarah you be ? will so , do they hit on you ? eva you know you be start to depress I . they do not get boner and they do not hit on I . will so , who do you massage ? it must be so strange . eva I have get a guy who 's get like a hundred stair to he house and he never help I with my massage table . will do you ever ask he to ? eva and sarah I / she should not have to ! she get out of the car . eva bye guy . Love you . enough say 9 ext . eva' house - night Eva get out of the car , walk up to the house and open she front door . int . ellen 's room - night ellen be asleep in she bed . Eva enter and stare at she child for a long , long time . it 's unfathomable how much she love this person . ext . the journey school - morning Eva 's car pull into the parking lot . ellen and Chloe get out and immediately they trot off with three friend . ellen bye mom ! eva ( out the window ) have a good day honey . chloe bye Eva , thanks for the ride ! eva oh , you be welcome Chloe . Eva see two other girl , maddy and sage , dress way too sexy , drop trash on the ground . eva ( cont 'd ) hey. maddy price ! you litter . maddy turn and dead pan to eva. maddy ( in English accent ) Excuse I , what do you say ? eva pick up you trash . you be not british . maddy pick up she trash . maddy what a bitch . enough say 10 as Eva drive away - ext . marianne 's santa monica house - day Eva carry she massage table up to this beautiful Spanish house . it 's not big , but it 's special . int . marianne's house - day bring the table into the house , Eva admire the beautiful place . it 's eclectic , colorful , creative , personal , perfect . Fresh flower everywhere , amazing art . Marianne wear a casual but chic outfit . marianne come on in . would you mind remove you shoe ? eva no problem . marianne and you sock too ? eva sure . marianne would you like some ice tea ? Eva take off she shoe and sock as Marianne slip into the kitchen . she then appear with a glass of iced tea . eva oh yeah , that sound good . I be so glad you call . so many people take my card just to be polite ! marianne well , I be not polite ! eva ( look around ) wow , this be soooo pretty ! can I live here ? ( sip ice tea ) and this tea be kind of fabulous ! enough say 11 int . marianne's live room - later Eva be work on Marianne while she lie on she back . sooth music play . int . marianne's live room - later Eva be put she table back together while Marianne wear casual clothes and sit on the couch . they be mid conversation . marianne I be dating this guy and he have no sense of humor . eva could be a deal breaker . marianne right ? I do not know what to do because he 's very sweet . eva sweet can be good . find someone else to tell you joke . marianne be you marry ? eva divorce . for ten year . marianne be you guy still friend ? eva not really . we share a daughter . other than that it 's hard to believe I ever have a laugh with the guy , let alone create a child . marianne I know what you mean about you ex . we have zero in common . I do not know how I ever have a real conversation with he . eva crazy , be not it ? enough say 12 ext . marianne 's house - day Eva be put she massage table in she car while Marianne clip herb in she front yard . marianne Ill call you really soon . this leave shoulder be still so tight . eva you ought to ice it tonight . and drink lot of water . stay hydrate . marianne I will . thank you again . I be so glad I meet you ! oh , want some chervil ? I be drown in it . she hand she some herb . int . eva' house / kitchen - day Eva sit in she kitchen eat lunch , video chatting with sarah . eva what the Hell be chervil ? she say she be drown in it . sarah a herb . ( in american accent ) a herb . how long have you know I ? eva I can not understand a goddamn thing you ever say . eva ( cont 'd ) the furniture be gorgeous . I want everything in there . int . sarah' office - day Sarah sit at she desk ( in she therapy office ) video chatting . eva she have no cellulite . enough say 13 sarah how can that be ? eva I do not know ! there 's nothing ! sarah anyway , will say that some guy you meet at the party want you number ! Jason 's friend I think . Eva smile , in spite of herself . eva but we both admit we be not attract to each other . ( beat ) what should I do ? he 's kind of fat . sarah he be ? eva he 's get this big belly . sarah oh , come on . you have nothing to lose . eva no , but he do . ha ha ha . Sarah just stare at she . suddenly Eva notice the little light on the wall go on behind Sarah . eva ( cont 'd ) you patient just arrive . ( beat ) what if you never go out there . would they just - ( motion to shoot herself ) ? oh , be that inappropriate ? ext . tragically hip restaurant - night twelve people wait for a table outside a nondescript , store - front restaurant . loud music blast out onto the street from inside . Albert and Eva stand in front with the other , make conversation . everyone around they be young . enough say 14 albert I be sorry about this . I swear I make a dinner reservation . eva oh . that 's okay . ( beat ) what about you ? what do you do ? albert I work at the american Library of cultural History . eva the what ? albert exactly . it 's basically a television library . eva ( concerned ) you watch a lot of tv . albert ( smile ) no , no . Television history . what 's on now ? I have no clue . I try to watch a housewive of idiot town and I want to jump off a building . eva I watch one of that show with my daughter once and I could not believe it . they have no brain . and they all have fake cheekbone . and fake boob . ( beat ) you like fake boob ? albert I like real boob . eva I get real boob . albert ( awkward pause ) well , that 's work out for we then . enough say 15 int . tragically hip restaurant - later they be mid meal and have not run out of thing to say . they have to shout to be hear . eva how long have you be divorced ? albert about four year . eva and be it mutual ? albert ( embarrassed ) not really , no . eva uh uh . ( beat ) and can I get she number ? albert of course . eva imagine the time it would save . albert sometimes I think we should all just wear sign around we neck . get it all out there . eva what would yours say ? albert I do not know . I be a slob ? I have ear hair ? eva you know there 's way to get rid of ear hair . albert fully aware . taken care of . eva a slob , huh ? enough say 16 albert not the dirty , hoarder kind , just the normal kind . eva do you daughter live with you ? albert half the time . eva do she mind you normal kind of mess ? albert I be not that bad . but both she and she mother be very neat . they love that store - Christ - the empty box store ? eva the container store ? albert a whole store that sell crap to put you crap in so you can buy more crap . eva I love that store . I love crap ! albert so do my ex wife . and she put it in very flowery and overpriced box . eva they sell that in some manly design , you know . albert manly design ? eva yeah , brown . Little cowboy . albert Little cowboy ? well , if they do , my wife would have buy they for I because she try very hard to domesticate I . eva live with someone else be not easy . people habit . enough say 17 albert listen to this - ( beat ) I do not like onion in my guacamole , right ? so I would take a chip and kind of swirl it around until the onion be all on one side and then I could eat it . it drive she bananas . eva seem kind of harmless . albert completely . but by the end of we marriage it make she gag . eva well , that 's not nice . he notice she hand . albert you have - um ~ lovely hand . eva oh . thank you . albert I would have think - since you be a masseuse that you would have big , manly hand but they be actually very lovely . eva ( awkward ) you have nice hand too . albert ( embarrassed ) thank you . eva they nre kind of like paddle . ( beat ) do they just turn the music louder ? albert no , I think you just get older . Eva flag down a waiter . eva Excuse I , could you turn the music down a little bit ? I be old . enough say 18 waiter no , I be sorry . eva be you sorry that I be old , or that you will not turn the music down ? waiter we can not change the volume . the waiter walk away . eva he 's nice . albert I find I do not like young people . eva ( with she hand to she ear ) eh ? albert I be sorry . I pick the wrong restaurant . eva oh I be have a great time . the food be delicious . I mean I can not hear anything you be say . albert that 's probably why you be have a great time . int . menchies yogurt place - night Albert and Eva put topping on they yogurt at the self serve bar . Albert lift a spoonful of something red . albert what be this , tomato ? eva that 's watermelon ! there 's some crouton next to it . he chuckle and dump some candy in he bowl . enough say 19 eva ( cont 'd ) do not that sort of defeat the purpose ? albert what , it 's non fat yogurt . you can put a little stuff on it ... she watch he dump more crap on and she smile , amused . he look at a couple of women look very serious as they stand there taste flavor out of little cup . eva what ? the people taste ? albert you know , just put some in you bowl . you be not buy a house ! eva it 's free . albert yes , it 's free . they be happy ! eva ( laugh ) they have to taste . there 's many variation . cake batter , Red velvet. ( read a sign ) I have no idea what that be . Albert pay for they cup and take out a photo of he daughter . albert this be my daughter . close up on a photo of a beautiful 18 year old girl . eva yowee . she 's gorgeous . albert look like she mom , thank god . Eva turn on she phone and show he a picture of ellen . albert ( cont ’d ) she 's beautiful . ( beat ) you get any money ? enough say zu fluster , Eva go for she wallet . albert ( cont ’d ) just kid . she laugh , relieved , as Albert take out a twenty . int . albert 's audi - night Albert pull he car up to Eva 's house . eva well , I have a really nice time . albert I , too . Albert lean in for a kiss but Eva lean back . eva I be not sure . albert get it . eva I mean , maybe . albert I understand . eva it 's just that I be not sure . albert ( playful ) it 's okay . I be not deaf . ( beat ) maybe a little deaf . she offer a hand and they shake . eva I like you paddle . she move to get out . albert I like you ass . flatter and embarrassed , Eva beam . enough say a eva well , thank you . Albert can not believe he just say that as she get out of the car , wave . int . eva' house - continuous she drop she purse and flop down on the couch next to ellen and Chloe . they be in a discussion , flipping through magazine and eat snack . ellen how be it ? eva Nice ! chloe but what if he immediately hook up with someone else ? I / 1l die . ellen so do not do it . eva what ? ellen nothing . chloe I can not decide if I should sleep with Chris or not . we be go to separate college and I do not want to do it if I be gonna regret it later . eva you be a virgin , right ? ellen do not answer that . chloe ( at same time ) yes . eva you can not live in fear of make a mistake . if you want to do it , you should do it . enough say 22 ellen stay out of it . eva she ask I ! ellen she do ? eva do not you Chloe ? Chloe shrug , stick in the middle . int . clothing store - day Eva sit on a couch outside the dress room , knitting a blanket . the girl be in a dress room together . chloe ( 0.s. ) that look so cute ! ellen ( 0.s. ) you think ? eva ( shouting to they ) show I ! come out ! ellen ( 0.s. ) I do not like it . I be gonna try this one . eva hey . I forget to ask you . what happen to maddy price ? she be such a bitch the other day . chloe ( 0.s. ) she have a threesome with Sage berger and Brendan Weiss and now she think she 's Taylor momson . ellen ( 0.s. ) Chloe ! do not tell my mom that ! chloe ( 0.s. ) you mom 's cool . ellen ( 0.s. ) no , she 's not . enough say 23 eva she can tell I stuff . you never do ! ( stunne ) they have a threesome ? ellen ( 0.s. ) forget it mom ! eva what be happen ? ( beat ) have you guy do that ? ellen ( 0.s. ) Mom ? shut up . chloe ( 0.s. ) that 's such a pretty color . you look good . ellen ( 0.s . ) really ? I think I like it . eva show I ! they still ignore Eva . eva ( cont 'd ) hello ? I be the one buy it . ellen come out and show she . eva ( cont 'd ) you look beautiful ! Chloe come out wear a tight short thing . then she pretty mother debbie come out of she own dress room some distance away , wear the same thing . eva ( cont 'd ) ( surprised ) look at you guy . chloe no way . debbie what ? chloe we nre not buy the same dress , mom . enough say 24 debbie I will not wear it at the same time as you . chloe come on . you look stupid . debbie I think I look good . chloe you be so lumpy . Debbie look at Eva for support . eva if I could wear that dress I would . debbie thank you . chloe you would not . Mom you look crazy . disgust , Chloe head back into the dress room . debbie you be not the only attractive girl in we family , Chloe . chloe ( 0.s. ) oh please ! ( beat ) why can not you just dress like ellen 's mom ? she look normal ! Debbie glance at Eva 's attire and roll she eye as she go into the dress room . Eva sit there in jeans , sneaker , baggy sweater . knitt . oh well . ext . marianne 's patio - day Eva be set up she massage stuff as Marianne lie on she back . she place a bolster under she knee . eva ( beat ) so , what happen with you not - funny guy ? enough say 25 marianne over . it 's fine . what about you ? do you have a boyfriend ? eva I have a good first date over the weekend . marianne , how nice . what 's he like ? eva ( put a pillow under Marianne 's neck ) funny , and very sweet . we never stop talk . it feel like we be old friend already . marianne in a good way ? ' Cause that can sort of kill the chemistry . eva no , it be good . flirtatious . I be not sure if I want to kiss he though , but I think I do . when I first meet he he do not seem attractive to I . he 's not typically handsome . but now I think he 's kind of sexy . int . eva ‘s car - day Eva look at Albert 's house as she drive up and park . ext . albert 's westwood house - day a 1930 's somewhat neglect one story house . the lawn be dead and the paint be peel . the curtain be draw inside . holding a bottle of cheap champagne , Eva exit she car and walk up to the house . after a beat , Albert come to the door wear a sweatshirt and pajama bottom . eva oh my god , do I get the day wrong ? albert no . why ? enough say 26 eva you be wear pajamas . albert I be not . eva oh. albert I just like to be comfortable . you know , it 's brunch , it 's Sunday . eva oh , good ! int . albert 's house - continuous it 's dark everywhere , all of the window be shade with curtain or blind . he take the champagne . albert thank you for this . i’1l make mimosa . despite the dark , cave - like quality , it 's nice . newish furniture , lot of book , a enormous flat screen tv . there be photo of tess everywhere . Eva pick up a chanel purse sit on the table . eva you carry a purse ? albert that 's my daughter 's . outrageously expensive but it be she 18th birthday . int . kitchen - continuous bagel and coffee be ready and wait on the counter . Albert make drink . eva bagel ! I love bread ! so , tell I about she - you daughter , I mean . albert well , she 's very sophisticated - as you can tell from the pocketbook . enough say 27 she 's smart , lovely and funny ~ and she 's move to New York . very far away . go to parson school of design . I be very proud of she . eva I bet . albert but part of I think I should not let she go . you know ? she 's 18 and this be a great opportunity for she but what if something happen to she while she 's in New York . i’1l never be able to forgive myself . eva the whole go away to college thing . we send they off ? we do not know where they be all the time ? and aside from that , what 's my life go to look like when she 's go ? Lonely and pointless ! ( beat ) do you know that she do not even want she father or I to take she there ? she want to say good - bye at the airport . here . not even fly with she . albert that 's horrible . eva heartbreak , that 's the word for it . I guess we better develop hobby . albert yeah . I guess so . eva I suppose I already have one . I knit . I will just knit for the rest of my life . that 's my plan . what about you ? albert that 's funny , because I weave . eva ( take aback ) like basket ? albert yeah , I do it in the garage . enough say 28 eva really ? albert ( beat ) no . she crack up . albert ( cont 'd ) what would make you think that I would weave ? eva I do not know ! I be actually kind of glad you do not weave . albert I , too . then she look down at Albert 's crotch and quickly look away . albert ( cont ‘d ) you know , I try to picture she not be here . I do not see she all the time anyway , but it will completely different . eva look , I can see you penis . albert what ? eva ( look away ) I see you penis . you pajama thing be kind of open . Albert instantly drop he hand to cover himself . he 's mortify . after a minute , he joke . albert whaddya think ? eva I think you be very ... healthy . albert thank you . eva go change you pants , okay ? enough say 29 albert be right back . ext . albert 's backyard - a bit later Albert ( in jeans ) and Eva be drink champagne . Albert sit in a old chair and Eva be on the ground pull up weed . eva so , what happen ? I do not mean the detail , just the general . albert I do not think she like I very much . we never have sex - not my choice , she just have no interest in it whatsoever . I be pretty sure she cheat on I . that be awful . so obviously she like sex but just not with I . she think my job be stupid . I do not understand she . we parent very differently . fought about it , always . ( beat ) why be you wreck my back yard ? eva you have a lot of weed . albert I do ? where ? eva this be all weed . albert I think all that be good . he get down on the grass and help she . eva ( beat ) we never have sex either ~ not he choice . we be pretty out of synch in that way . ( beat ) we be out of synch with ellen too . a lot of fight over how to parent . ( look over ) that 's all good grass you be pull up . albert I will put it back . enough say 30 he try to replant it . Eva kick off she shoe and rub one of she blister foot . albert ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) get some kind of blister thing go there ? eva I guess . albert yup. eva you be gross out . albert no , no . eva you be . you be freak by my foot . albert I have a little problem with foot . I think it have to do with my mother . eva oh , she have foot . albert let 's just say they be overly colorful , like a rainbow . yellow , blue ~ vein and blister ... she stare at he , then move to put she shoe back on . albert ( cont 'd ) you do not have to do that . eva I think I should . ( beat ) I have never even have a pedicure . I know everyone have but I just never see the point , until this actual moment . plus I be really ticklish . albert want I to get you a band - aid ? eva please . and maybe a bag for my foot . enough say bl albert stop it . eva make it two bag . two bag for the old bag ! albert I know I should not have tell you ! he go into the house and Eva examine she foot . ext . backyard - moment later Eva be put a couple of band aid on she foot . they be mid conversation . albert they be naked , right ? eva yeah . albert be you ever attract to they ? eva ( here we go ) no. never . albert well , I be sure they be attract to you . eva I do not know . they be get massage . albert they must hit on you all the time . eva ( lie ) sometimes . yeah . ( beat ) I will give you a massage sometime , if you like . albert I would like that . I would definitely hit on you . enough say 32 eva I think that might be okay . albert really . ( beat ) want to kiss ? they look at one another for a bit . eva sure . and they do . int . albert 's bedroom - that day Eva and Albert lie under the cover , have just have sex . Albert 's bedroom be very sparse and lack night stand . all of he stuff - book , tissue , clock ~ lay on the floor beside the bed . Eva reach down for a glass of water . albert you do not actually open you eye at any point , do you ? eva no , no worry . I figure if I keep my eye close you would not see I . albert I see you . he pull she to he . eva I be tired of be funny . albert I too . they lie there for a minute not talk . eva but you be not funny . he smile . enough say 33 int . sarah' live room - day Sarah and Eva be push a heavy piece of furniture across the room . they be get help from Sarah 's son brandon ( 8 ) , and she daughter grace , ( 6 ) , as well . sarah I be so excited for you ! he sound great . eva he kind of be . ( whisper ) we have such good sex . sarah how fun ! I can not even imagine . Sarah stand back and look at the furniture 's new spot . sarah ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? eva I like it where it be . you be go to get a hernia . sarah ( to she kid ) you guy can be do . brandon and Grace walk into the other room . sarah ( cont 'd ) no Cleveland show . brandon ( without turn around ) please . grace please . sarah okay . eva jeez , you really put you foot down . sarah too tired to be a good parent . eva maybe stop move furniture around . enough say 34 Sarah flop down on the couch , pick up a decorate magazine . Sarah 's may cathy , 30 and Hispanic , walk by straighten up . eva ( cont 'd ) what 's she do here ? sarah ( talk quietly ) you have no idea . will refuse to fire she so I let it go for a while hope she have just get better , but she get worse . she even seem like she want to be fire cuz she be do such stupid thing . eva well , good . sarah so I fire she and she start cry . and then I start cry and then we be hugging and then I hire she back . eva you be nice . sarah right ? some people might think that I be compassionate or soft heart or whatever , but will just think I be a baby . he want I to fire she again as a learn experience . eva Jesus . sarah that 's we relationship , right there . eva oh come on , it 's so much more than that . sarah whatever . he 's a jerk . he be a middle child and never get enough fry chicken at the dinner table and think everything have to be fair . Cathy appear . enough say 35 cathy Mrs. Sarah . where do you want I to put this ? it be in the bathroom . she hold up a ping pong paddle . sarah outside ? with the ping pong table . cathy okay , no problem . she go off and the two share a smile . ext . eva' house - night Albert 's car be park behind Eva 's in the driveway . int . eva' bedroom - morning Albert and Eva , only half awake , be sit up in bed . Eva 's mouth be wide open and Albert be look inside it . albert I have never actually see wisdom tooth . I do not think anyone have they . you have a lot of filling . eva do they look like the mercury kind ? albert no . just normal filling and a couple of crown . Eva close she mouth . eva okay , you turn . albert no. eva come on . ( seductive ) open you mouth . enough say 36 albert make I . she kiss he and he immediately open up . eva you be miss a tooth ! albert I be . eva it 's way back there . you can not see it . albert I have get to get some kind of hideous bone graft and it cost a fortune and I have be put it off . eva yeah , my grandma Dee Dee have that . albert exactly . grandma Dee Dee . thank you for that . they kiss when suddenly they hear footstep . eva huh ? Chloe be stand at the bedroom door . chloe oh my god I be so sorry . eva hi honey . chloe I do not know ... eva this be Chloe , ellen 's best friend . this be Albert . albert hi. chloe ellen do not answer my text so I think she be sleep . enough say 37 eva she 's at she dad 's . you okay ? chloe yeah , I just want to go out to breakfast . eva ( turn to Albert ) you hungry ? int . kitchen - a bit later Albert , Eva and Chloe be eat breakfast . chloe so if I tell you a day and a year you will know what be on ? albert shoot . chloe that 's crazy ! no way . ( beat ) 1975 , channel 4 . albert what time ? eva oh , come on . chloe Saturday morning . albert Woody woodpecker , then pink panther then mcduff the talk Dog - I do not like it but watch it anyway , monster squad - land of the lose and then Big John , Little John , which be like '' Big '' only weirder . chloe , and I think I watch a lot of tv . albert I really look forward to the line up . enough say 38 eva what , be you reject as a child ? albert well , I be kind of raise like a veal . I be put in a dark room and feed and tell not to move . they crack up . int . hollywood apartment - day Eva be give the guy with bad breath , Martin , a massage . she mouth breath as he lie on he back , mouth gape . int . brentwood house - day the chatterbox be lie on she back as Eva work on she leg . cynthia so I say ' I guess that mean you do not like it 's and she say ' no , I just might want another size 's but it be definitely she size because she 's petite and big on the top but the thing be I buy it at Nordstrom Rack but I put it in a Neiman Marcus box ext . young man' house - day at the house where the guy do not help she - Eva be pull she massage table up the stair . eva ( to herself ) that 's right , do not open the door . pretend you do not know I be here ... enough say 39 int . american library of cultural history - day they walk among the stack of script and audio / video stuff . albert we have the most comprehensive collection of television show from 1947 to the present . I make sure thing be transfer properly , logge properly . I write blurb for they , try to make they sound relevant and exciting in case someone young than fifty want to put down they phone and see something original and brilliant . eva like what ? albert like Jack benny . or sid caesar . or dinah shore . you would not believe the guest she have on - Betty grable , Frank Sinatra , ella fitzgerald . eva so cool . albert it be . I kind of love it . and if it 's a slow day I get to go downstairs watch a couple episode of ' what 's happen ? 's she laugh and they have a kiss . int . hallway - later they approach a open office door . albert this be my office . that 's bob. Bob look up from he desk . bob hey . eva hey . bob hey . enough say 40 int . library / viewing room - day they walk into the room where people be watch thing of video monitor . Eva admire some memorabilia that be place behind glass . eva oh , remember flipper ? I always want a dolphin as a child . albert that 's a lot of work . suddenly they hear what sound like a person quietly cry . eva ( whisper ) what be that ? albert I think it 's somebody watch something . it happen sometimes . Albert peek around to see what the crying guy be look at . albert ( cont 'd ) taxi . eva really ? albert it 's probably the one where Alex 's dog die . ( beat ) you hungry ? ext . the brick house - later Eva and Albert stand out front of a burger joint . albert and here she be , right on time . tess , 18 and lovely , approach from across the street . tess hi dad ! enough say 41 albert ( they hug ) tess , this be Eva . Eva , tess . eva it 's so nice to meet you . tess you , too ! albert so ... he gesture that they should enter the restaurant . tess ( disgust ) seriously . albert they have great chili . eva I love chili . tess have you ever be to lily 's ? it 's like , around the corner . albert ( beat ) lily 's it be . int . lily be - day the three eat lunch in the upscale restaurant . Albert eat a steak while tess and Eva have salad . tess I will be study fashion design . eva well , obviously you have great taste . tess thank you . albert ( to tess ) Eva have a daughter just start college too . enough say 42 eva she 's go to Sarah lawrence . English and History . she love History . but I think she want to be a writer . tess God , Sarah lawrence be not what it use to be . ( beat ) I mean , I be sure it 's still good , it 's just go downhill a lot in the last few year . some of my - let 's just say - not so smart friend ~ just get in . I be shocked . eva uh huh . albert I be sure some very smart people go there . tess I know . I be just say . albert ( joke ) and I be just say you should stay home and go to school around here . she glare at he . tess at least you be honest about it . Mom act like she 's so excited to be on she own again but I do not buy it . albert okay , let 's lighten up on Mom . she 's all right . and do not judge until you have kid . tess except that I be not have any . albert ( upset ) what ? how can you know that ? tess I want a career . anyway , I hate kid . Eva look at Albert , who look destroy . enough say 43 albert well , right about now we have that in common ! ext . lily - day they come out of the restaurant . tess walk ahead . eva ( try to comfort he ) she do not know what she 's talk about . she 's too young to know what she want . tess see three friend come down the street . tess cory ! hey you guy ! they all stop and chat . each friend be chic and adult - look . tess ( cont 'd ) ( turn to Albert ) dad , I be go to get a coffee , okay ? she kiss he and shake Eva 's hand . tess ( cont 'd ) so nice to meet you . eva yeah , you too ! albert be careful . tess walk off . albert ( cont ’d ) she have lot of friend . eva do you think they have threesome ? albert what ?! why would you say that ? eva it 's what the kid be do this day . enough say 44 albert oh my god . eva right ? ( contemplate ) I be afraid that window have close . albert there be a window ? int . eva' bedroom - morning ellen be climb into Eva 's bed . they snuggle . ellen hey . how be the daughter ? eva kind of awful . a real snob . ellen that 's too bad . eva I wonder what you roommate 's gonna be like . want I to call she parent ? ellen no . eva you hungry ? ellen not really . eva what do you eat yesterday ? ellen I do not know . eva think . tell I everything you eat . ellen cereal . a banana . eva where have you get the banana ? enough say 45 ellen ( get up ) you be crazy . eva what do you have for lunch ? ellen bye ! ext . marianne 's backyard - day Eva be give Marianne a massage on the patio . ext . marianne 's backyard - later Post massage , they sit on lounge chair and sip iced tea . eva he 's kind of flabby and middle age but I do not care . I be flabby and middle age . marianne , no . eva it 's funny , we middle age - ness be comforting and sexy to I . be not that so incredibly sad ? but sort of good , too ? marianne I think that 's what my ex always want from I . to accept he belly and all of he quirk . but in the end I be totally repulse by he sexually . he be kind of terrible in bed . very clumsy . eva oh no ! that 's awful ! marianne oh , just a sec . Marianne run in the house and return with she book of poetry . she hand it to Eva . marianne ( cont ’d ) it 's my last copy , but I want you to have it . enough say 46 eva ( examine it ) wow . you sure ? marianne absolutely . eva I 'ma little intimidate , I be not real good with poetry . marianne just let they wash over you . do not try and understand they . eva believe I , I will not . marianne you know , I love be with you . would it be weird if we hang out , as friend ? eva I would love that . marianne I , too . ( beat ) please , have some salsa . this tomato be amazing . Marianne push the bowl to Eva . marianne ( cont 'd ) but watch out . I put in a ton of onion , one of many upside to my divorce . eva what do you mean ? marianne my ex-husband hate onion so he would take a chip and swirl it around and around and around until all the onion be on one side - Marianne show she , scraping and swirl with disgust exaggeration . marianne ( cont ’d ) it kind of make I sick . Eva look at she , alarmed . enough say 47 tess ( 0.s. ) Mom ? marianne ( quietly to Eva ) my daughter 's not feel well . I x11 be right back . Marianne get up and tess , in she pajamas , meet she in the dining room . Eva look up and see they talk quietly . it 's tess ! albert tess ! Eva 's stunne , freak . she hide behind a bush . Marianne bring tess outside . marianne ( cont ’d ) I want you to meet my friend . Eva !? weird , where would she go ? tess I want to go back to bed . tess give she little kiss . marianne you have bad breath . tess I be sick ! tess go off . Eva come out of the bush . eva I be just admire all of you planting ! this one be so big ! marianne I want you to meet tess ... eva oh ... marianne anyway , I better get go . eva oh , sure . enough say 48 ext . marianne 's house - day Eva rush out of Marianne 's house lug she massage table . Marianne stand at the front door . marianne so , should we do something ? next week ? eva absolutely . yes ! Marianne give she a long , affectionate hug . int . eva' prius - day Eva drive away from Marianne 's , she mind racing . she stop at a stop sign , take deep breath . int . eva' kitchen - day Eva be video chatting with sarah . eva remember that new client of mine that I think be perfect ? Marianne ? int . sarah' therapy office - same time Sarah be at she desk . eva' voice it turn out she 's Albert 's ex-wife ! can you believe this ? I be not shitting you . sarah that 's a unbelievable coincidence . what be you go to do ? the light behind Sarah 's desk go on . eva damn it you light just go on . call I later ? they shut off . enough say 49 int . eva' kitchen - later she make dinner as ellen and Chloe come in . ellen hi ma. eva do you take off you shoe ? ellen no . since when do I have to ? eva I want to start do that . it 's cleaner . both Chloe and ellen kick off they shoe . eva ( cont 'd ) sock too . they roll they eye . eva ( cont ’d ) listen to this . turn out I have be give massage to Albert 's ex-wife . ellen how weird . chloe so weird . eva I have be listen to this woman say the worst thing about the one guy that I be start to really like . I picture she ex like this fat , irritate slob , and it 's Albert . ( realize ) fat Albert . ellen who ? eva oh , it 's just a cartoon . a cartoon ! chloe but he 's so not like that . ellen how do you know ? enough say 50 chloe we all have breakfast the other day . he 's really sweet and funny . eva you like he ? chloe totally . ellen what ? eva you be not home , honey , so we have breakfast . that 's all . ellen but I have not even meet he . eva you will . ellen what do this woman say about he ? eva ugh . terrible thing . she think he be disgusting . a wimp with he daughter . useless in bed . ellen ( gzoss out ) Mom ! ext . palisade bluff - day Eva , dress for hike , and Marianne dress for hike / cocktail , walk up the hill . many other walker pass they . marianne I date sometimes , but it 's so hard to meet people . I be not attract to anybody . eva and you be not attract to you husband ? that must have be difficult . enough say 51 marianne I try really hard . he have go on so many diet and cheat all the time and act shocked when he get fatter . it be so irritate . it almost be not the weight that bugge I , it be he behavior about the weight . just then two female hiker ( 30' ) , who be go in the opposite direction , give Marianne a double-take . female hiker Excuse I , be you Marianne hope ? marianne , yes . female hiker oh my god . other female hiker you be we idol . we be just talk about you ! female hiker we admire you so much . I can not believe we nre meeting you ! Marianne shake both of they hand . marianne hello , so nice . thank you so much . female hiker you have no idea how much this mean to we . she give I beautiful fruit when my mom die and it literally save I . marianne how wonderful . I be so sorry . ( end it ) blessing . the hiker go down the hill , change woman . Marianne and Eva continue hike up . eva blessing ! ( beat ) it 's so cool you save she ! Marianne just smile . Eva bring the conversation around . enough say 52 eva ( cont 'd ) but he never get obese , right ? marianne it depend on you definition of obese . eva oh. otherwise you like he , more or less ? marianne unfortunately , less . he do so many thing that get on my nerve . eva like what ? marianne ( beat ) I be sorry I be be so negative . but I do not really have anyone else I can bitch to about this kind of thing . eva you can completely bitch to I . marianne thank you . I trust you . eva ( beat ) oh good . int . sarah' house - afternoon Sarah 's live room have be partially rearrange . she 's move decorative pillow around , try to find the right spot . Eva help she . sarah what 's wrong with you ? she can find another masseuse . eva I feel bad . she do not have close friend and I be like , it . ( beat ) I feel so pull in . she 's like a human trip advisor . enough say 53 sarah Albert 's not a hotel . eva no , but if you could avoid stay in a bad one , would not you ? sarah oh my god . eva she 's say so many bad thing about he . she know what she 's talk about . she 's very smart . sarah so be you . and she 's not perfect . eva but maybe she 's ultimately right . sarah be you ultimately right about Peter ? just because you do not want he , do that make he unlovable ? eva by anyone normal . Sarah give up . sarah you do not say anything about my new furniture arrangement . eva ( look around ) I do not remember how it be . sarah better or worse ? will come in the front door and look around the room . sarah ( cont 'd ) do you like it ? will honey . why do you keep do this ? eva she 's fill a hole . enough say 54 will I 'il fill you hole . sarah different hole . will shrug and walk away . will miss out . fun time ... ext . eva' house - day Eva come outside and walk up to a ford fiesta park at the curb . she lean down to get in , see Albert in the driver 's seat . eva who 's car be this ? albert oh , tess be get hers fix , so this be a rental . eva so why do you have it ? albert I be let she drive mine . she like it better . Eva get inside , tense . eva ( under she breath ) I bet she do . int . movie theater - day Eva and Albert be in they seat but the movie have not start yet . he 's shaking he large bucket of popcorn . eva why be you shaking that ? albert it spread the butter around . eva you put more butter on it ? enough say ery albert just the butter . I do not more butter . self conscious , he eat he popcorn . int . movie theater ~ later the movie be play . albert ( talk about the movie ) I see that actor once . he be about three foot tall . Eva shrug , not want to talk . albert ( cont ’d ) do you like this movie ? Eva nod . albert ( cont ’d ) what be she wear ? it look like she grandmother crochete something and she put it on she - a guy in another row shush he . eva you should whisper . albert I be whisper . Eva clenches she tooth and try to watch the film . eva that 's not a whisper . int . eva' bedroom - night Albert and Eva have just finish make love . albert I be go to ask you something and I really want you to be honest . eva ( worried ) okay . enough say 56 albert can you breathe when I be on top of you ? eva of course . albert I be plan on lose some weight , by the way . I know I need to . eva ( beat ) oh ? ( beat ) be it ever a issue with you wife ? albert sometimes I eat just to drive she nut . they lie there quietly for a bit . his breathe be loud . eva you have a cold ? albert no . I break my nose a couple of time . my doctor say that at this point my nose be purely ornamental . eva ( laugh ) you gonna get it fix ? albert yeah , right after my miss tooth . ( beat ) by the way , I think tess really like you . eva yeah ? albert yeah . I could tell . eva ( not like tess ) she seem neat . albert I know she can be a little obnoxious , but she 's figure it all out . she 's get a good heart . enough say 57 he pull she to he . albert ( cont ’d ) I kind of adore you already . int . eva' live room - day Eva 's toe , as Chloe carefully and slowly paint they a pale blue . she try to keep she foot still but it 's hard . eva what happen with you and Chris ? Chloe blushes . eva ( cont 'd ) what ? you can tell I . chloe , we do it . eva oh my god , how be it ?! chloe ( beat ) Nice . I think . it be good . eva awww . congratulation . I be so glad it be nice . chloe even if we do not stay together , I be glad I get it over with , you know ? I be really glad I take you advice to - just then ellen come home and be surprised to see Chloe . ellen when do you get here ? eva a few minute ago . ( beat ) I tell she to wait . enough say 58 ellen I have be want to paint you toe for ten year . I think you be too ticklish . chloe , she 's in love . ellen so that make you not ticklish ? eva you be not here . sweetie . be with we . ellen leave . Eva and Chloe exchange a '' oop '' look . eva ( cont 'd ) ellen ! come back ! but there 's no response . int . marianne's live room - day Marianne sit up , have just be massage . Eva be straighten up . marianne crazy morning . I get a wonderful call from joni Mitchell . she read the galley for my new collection and love it . eva you be friend with joni Mitchell ? marianne yeah , we have be for a while . and I meet a nice guy , we go out last night . he 's in great shape , he really take care of himself . he 's vegan . he actually read my work before he know I . be not that cool ? eva a poetry read vegan ? oh my god . Marianne head to the kitchen and keep talk . marianne we nre go out again tomorrow . I hope it go well . I tend to get my hope up too early . with Albert , it always feel like a bait and switch . enough say 59 when we first start dating , I think , ' he 's mature ! he can buy a house ? 's eva this house ? marianne yes ! and he cook ! he make I this dish , spaghetti with eggplant and mozzarella . eva that sound delicious ! marianne but it turn out it be the only thing he know how to cook . eva uh huh . marianne , and he have no friend . neither do I - eva I and joni . marianne , that 's true ! ext . albert 's house - evening Eva knock on Albert 's door . he open it and beam when he see she . albert hil ( beat ) hungry ? int . alberta kitchen / dine room - evening Albert present Eva with a plate of food . albert I hope you like spaghetti with eggplant and mozzarella ! he set it before she and she look sick . after a moment , she eat . enough say 60 albert ( cont 'd ) be everything okay ? eva this be actually pretty damn amazing . he sit with she . albert how be work today ? eva it be good . I have two massage . albert tell I . non stop talk ? barnacle ? erection ? eva it be a nice woman in Santa monica . ( beat ) she talk a lot about she ex husband . Long pause . Eva be about to tell he the truth . eva ( cont 'd ) Albert - albert let 's hope it be not my ex wife ! she cough , miserable . stuck. albert ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I have a little present for you . eva you do ? she 's nervous . he place a small box in front of she . albert now , it 's just a little present . Eva open the box and lift up a pretty , simple necklace . eva oh my god . albert I just see it and think of you . enough say 61 he caress she neck . albert ( cont ’d ) this beautiful , wonderful part . he get up and put it on she , kiss she . he can tell something be wrong . eva you like it on I ? thank you soooo much . albert maybe I should not have . be it too soon ? eva no , it 's lovely . thank you . ext / int . albert 's bedroom - night Eva and Albert be make love in the dark . he accidently jab she . eva ouch ! albert I be so sorry . eva no worry . he do it again . eva ( cont 'd ) shit . ouch . albert what be I do ? eva it 's just - you elbow - that 's better , oh. albert good . Eva giggle . eva you beard - it 's so ticklish . enough say 62 albert oh , sorry . eva that 's okay . they kiss some more . he climb on top . eva ( cont 'd ) ! my hair ! ow ! my hai Albert stop and reach for the light , which he flip on . albert ( upset ) okay . I do not know what I be do , but this be not go well . why do not we just stop . he look at she as she sigh deeply . int . albert 's bathroom - later that night Eva be stand in Albert 's messy bathroom . she look at he grimy sink . he have about six toothbrush in he cup . she bend down to the cabinet and open it . cob web , dust . ancient thing . about four bottle of mouthwash with vary degree leave . she stare at they , disturb . int . albert 's bedroom - night Eva come out of the bathroom and sit on the bed . albert you look cute in my robe . everything all right ? eva you have four hundred mouthwash . albert uh , yeah . I buy they , I forget to use they , I buy more ... eva why do you have so many toothbrush ? enough say 63 albert I do not know . I only use one . eva so why do not you throw the other out ? albert ( beat ) they be my friend ? Eva lie next to he and he snuggle in . albert ( cont ’d ) should we give it another shot ? eva oh , I be just so tired . be that okay ? albert yeah . it 's okay . he go to kiss she but she 's turn over , away from he . int . family italian restaurant - night peter and fran ( Eva 's ex and he new wife ) , ellen , Chloe , Sarah and will . the food have not yet be serve . peter so proud of you , honey . everyone toast to ellen . fran we be . here 's some graduation money . she hand she a envelope . ellen thanks so much you guy . peter ( joke ) it 's in fives . chloe thanks for include I tonight . eva you have a fight with you mom ? enough say 64 chloe huge . eva where 's you dad ? chloe he life in San Diego but you would think it be across the Pacific . he never come up . I do not care . he remarry a really weird woman . she never talk . sarah ( maybe a little drunk ) hear , hear for second marriage . will give he wife a strange look . fran it 's kind of true , though . it 's good when everyone be a little older and wiser . sarah maybe second marriage work because people have figure out how to compromise . eva or behave , perhaps . peter thanks everyone ! eva no one be talk about you . sarah not you personally . in general . if I get marry again I would be on the lookout for what be go to be we inevitable problem . will odd conversation . sarah it 's true . everyone be crazy . will so , maybe do not get marry again . peter Said the first husband . enough say 65 sarah I be not say I will . I be just say . eva ( to Fran ) what be you first husband like ? fran he be actually a lovely man . just not for I . eva oh . very grow up ! fran he pass away . two year ago . Peter attract a waiter . peter Excuse I , could we have more bread ? waiter of course . eva oh no , not more bread . peter why not ? eva I do not want to eat it . peter so do not . ( to waiter ) more bread , please ? the waiter leave . eva be you even go to eat it ? peter I do not know . but the other might . fran I probably will . will I , too . enough say 66 peter bread eater , another bread eater ... eva okay , sorry . eva ( cont 'd ) ( like a interview ) so , Fran . you eat bread . fran it 's true . eva ( to Peter ) do that mean you can keep cookie in the house ? peter I can . chloe what be you guy talk about ? eva I have a little trouble control myself when it come to sweet or bread , so when Peter bring something like cookie or chocolate or good bread home I would eat all of it and then hate myself . peter and I , for buy it in the first place . chloe so , do you stop buy it ? peter I do . eva but he be angry . peter I be not . eva well , just a little . will ( to Peter ) you should be angry . enough say why should you be deprive because she can not control herself ? sarah because she 's he wife and he 's try to help she ? will but be that really help she ? sarah and eva yes ! will not if we want she to learn how to control herself . eva we ??! sarah ( roll she eye ) oh my god , here it come . will it 's not fair to he . sarah why do everything have to be fair ?! what be you , six !? will come on , let 's keep it nice . fran ( shrugging ) I just forget the cookie be there . eva that 's why you be marry to Peter and I be not . the waiter come by and put the bread on the table . take some . ext . restaurant - night everyone exit the restaurant . Eva 67 enough say os eva ( to Peter ) nobody eat the bread , by the way . peter you do . eva exactly . she start to walk away but stop herself . eva ( cont ’d ) what do you say to people when they ask why we get divorced ? peter I usually just say we probably should not have be together . eva but Fran know everything . I mean , you have talk about I . he look at she as if to say '' duh . '' eva ( cont 'd ) of course . she 's you wife . Eva and Peter join the other . while they all chat and laugh , Eva stare at she ex husband , grow pensive and lonely . int . eva' house / live room - night Eva sit on the couch knitting a blanket . she 's also poring over she and Peter 's wedding album . they look so happy and young . ellen and Chloe come through wear pajamas . eva do you know I start this blanket when you be five . somehow I like this color . but I be go to finish it so you can take it with you . ellen maybe I should buy another , just in case . the girl glance at the wedding album . enough say 69 ellen ( cont 'd ) why be you look at this ? eva I do not know . I pull it out . ( stare hard at a picture ) I be try to remember what I know . do I already know that thing about you dad , the thing that we would fight about ? ellen probably not . eva I think I do . I think I always know they . or feel they . ( beat ) I do not pay attention . Eva snap out of she reverie and kiss ellen . eva ( cont 'd ) but look what I get . she kiss ellen . ellen ' night Mom . Eva hold onto she . eva stay up with I . let 's cuddle . ellen I be tired . ellen ( cont 'd ) come on , Chloe . chloe ( xe : knitting ) be that hard ? eva not at all . want to learn ? ( more to ellen ) I have be want to teach ellen for the longest time ... ellen go out of the room and Chloe sit next to Eva . Eva 's cell phone ring on the coffee table and Chloe lean over to look at it . enough say 70 chloe , Albert . after a beat , Eva shake she head '' no , '' as in - do not pick up . chloe ( cont 'd ) you be still see he wife ? eva ( defensive ) she have a bad shoulder . and no friend . Chloe look at she , disapprove . eva ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . I be screw up . int . marianne's house - day Marianne , with she phone in she hand , and look slightly unhinge , let Eva in . marianne sorry . in the middle of some bullshit . come in . Eva take off she shoe and set up the massage table while Marianne shout into the phone . marianne ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) how many time do we have to discuss this ? you do agree . Albert , I be there , I remember . it 's all work out ... fine. good bye . ughhhhh !!! I can not wait till I do not have to talk to he anymore !! eva what happen ? marianne ( pour wine ) he think he should take she to school , not I . we already agree it would be I . tess want it to be I . she tell I . eva could you both take she ? enough say marianne I do not think so . he 's a wreck about she leave and she do not need that kind of energy . they sit across from one another at the table . marianne ( cont 'd ) he focus so much on she and she can feel it . eva be not that kind of nice , though ? that he focus ? marianne maybe if he have a girlfriend , or something like that , it would balance it out . but I can not see that happen . nope . eva why not ? marianne he 's just - a loser , you know ? I hate to use that word , but it fit . Eva nod , she heart sink . eva how so ? marianne he just never get he life together . okay , for instance ~ and this be just typical Albert . when I meet he he have nothing next to he bed , like a table or something . nothing . he have put everything on the floor . and I think , this be cute , kind of bohemian or whatever . but when we get marry I get we night table , you know , like normal people . then I be in he house , I do not know , a year ago . and I see all he stuff on the floor again . I mean , I take the night table , grant , but you would think he have get some new one . metaphorically speak , he 's not building a life for himself . you know what I mean ? the phone ring and she look at it . 7 enough say 72 marianne ( cont ’d ) ugh . that 's he again . I be not pick up . albert on phone machine please pick up the phone , Marianne . we have not resolve anything . marianne I be sorry you have to hear this . this be so embarrassing . albert on phone machine I know you be there . Fine . do not deal . he hang up . Eva be cring , wishing she be not hearing this . marianne ( sad ) you know , this be all little thing . ultimately , I think I just never feel understand by he . he do not understand my poetry . he just never get I . ( beat ) have you ever feel like someone get you ? Eva think and break into a bittersweet smile , realize how much Albert do get she . marianne ( cont ’d ) what about the flabby guy ? eva yeah . maybe . int . eva' house / kitchen - day Eva be video chat with Sarah , who be in she office . ( we intercut ) eva I need you to meet he . sarah I mean , I have love to meet he . but not so you can decide what you think of he . eva please ? I feel like I be lose all perspective . enough say 73 sarah exactly . you do not need someone else 's . I do not want to get in the middle of this - eva please ? int . live room - later Albert , Eva , Sarah and will sit around the live room drink wine . they help themselves to a cheese plate , and chip and guacamole . will no flower , no little dot . sarah I once buy sheet that have star on they and he - will ( in baby voice ) Little star and moon and sun - albert oh no . will right ? why do woman like thing that look like they belong to child ? eva I love doll house furniture . I would eat it if I could . sarah sometimes I think I would like to be single just so I can have girly sheet . will you would like that , would not you ? sarah I be kid . will I hope so . eva ( pour herself more wine ) I have flower sheet and they be not all they be crack up to be . enough say v4 albert I like you flower sheet . will do not sell I out , man . albert we nre new . at this point I no probably like she sheet if they have little mussolini 's on they . eva hey , get some night table and we will talk . ( beat ) he 's get normal sheet but no night table . albert so , I have no night table . eva well , maybe it 's a metaphor . or maybe it 's not ! Albert flinch a bit - that hurt . he reach for the guacamole and start to swirl the onion to the side . Eva watch , wonder if this bother she or not . will you know , I make a million compromise . not have flowery sheet be not a big deal . sarah ( take aback ) I know . I know you make compromise . will you do ? what do you think they be ? sarah will , this be not the time . will sometimes I wish I be with someone who be more interested in History . sarah ( beat , confuse ) what ? enough say 1 will History . sarah okay ... will I be just say . very uncomfortable . Cathy , the may , come into the live room and take the empty guacamole bowl . cathy more guacamole ? eva not for I . sarah or I . albert I would love some , thank you . Cathy go into the kitchen . eva you know how many calory be in guacamole ? albert ten ? will ( mortify ) leave the guy alone . he like he guacamole . albert ( to Cathy , in the kitchen ) never mind the guac ! I / 1l just stick with the cheese ! eva ( drink more wine ) you know what I be go to get you for a present ? I be go to get you a calorie book . albert please do not . enough say 76 sarah yeah , a calorie book as a gift be not so good . int . dine room - later mid dinner , lot of wine . albert Eva tell I you be a therapist . eva tell we about you weirdest patient . sarah what ? you know I can not . will she can not . eva she can . you do not have to name name , mate ! sarah no. eva ( to Albert ) she 's so uptight about confidentiality . albert should not she be ? sarah ( beat ) I have this one patient who pick he nose and eat it . albert in front of you !? eva be he a child ? will be you make this up ? Sarah look at he like he 's crazy . enough say 17 sarah it 's so gross and distracting . he do it in this way that he think I can not see , but of course I can . everyone be gross out . sarah ( cont 'd ) and I be not go to tell you who it be , but he 's famous . they shriek . sarah ( cont 'd ) really famous . eva tell we ! will I bet I know who it be . sarah you do not . eva you have to tell we ! will I can not tell you either . eva not fair ! sarah ( guilty ) okay no more . show 's over . Eva pour more wine for herself . eva I like be drunk . I think it 's highly overrate . I mean underrate ! sarah you be shouting . eva I be ? albert you be , a little . enough say 78 sarah I just do not want you to wake the little people . eva oh sorry . yeah . you want to know something funny ? Albert do not know how to whisper . albert what ? eva go ahead , show they . albert what be you talk about ? eva please ? it 's funny . albert ( try ) this be whisper . will that 's a whisper . eva no , it be not . sarah ( whisper ) can 1 ? eva yes. will ( whisper ) what about I ? eva yes . everyone turn to Albert . it look like he 's go to have to try to whisper again . albert ( not whisper ) this be whisper . Eva crack up , think this be hilarious . enough say 79 eva not at all . that be not a whisper ! sarah you be pick on he . eva I be not ! will you be . albert you kind of be . eva ( beat ) I be sorry . I just never meet anybody who could not whisper . int . sarah and will kitchen - later everyone 's in the kitchen , pitching in to clean with Cathy . Cathy put some stuff in the dishwasher and then go back into the dining room , leave everyone alone for a second . Sarah glare at Cathy 's back and will notice . will ( quietly ) you be not allow to complain about she anymore . Sarah be hold up a softball . sarah why be this in the kitchen drawer ? be someone play ball in the kitchen ? just then Cathy come back in . everyone smile . Sarah take a beat and then hold up the ball . sarah ( cont 'd ) Cathy ? cathy yes ? sarah do you put this ball in the drawer ? Eva and Albert instantly look away and act busy . enough say 80 cathy maybe one of the kid put it there ? will ( take the ball ) of course they do . Sarah , give Cathy a break . sarah but I think you put it there . I find weird stuff in this drawer all the time . cathy I clean up the best I can . sarah I just do not understand the think process . cathy you want the counter to be clean . sarah yes , but not by shove shit in the wrong drawer . I mean , why would the ball belong in the kitchen ? how be that helpful to I ? will that 's enough . he pull on Sarah 's shoulder . cathy you know what missus Sarah - I find you crap everywhere and you think I know where to put it ? sarah ( scared ) no ? cathy you leave you thing all over the house , you leave food out overnight , you let you child write on the wall ! you floss you tooth and you leave it ! you clean you own house . she find she purse and jacket . enough say 81 cathy ( cont ’d ) you people disgust I . but you be nice , Mr. will . will thanks Cathy ! she walk past Eva and Albert and slam the door behind she . sarah oh my god ! will it would have be kinder to fire she . eva um , my timing might be a little off , but ... I think I put the ball in the drawer . int . audi - night Albert drive . eva that be not a very fun evening , be it ? I be sorry . Albert do not respond . eva ( cont 'd ) quite a finale , though ! albert ( piss ) why do you care if I can not whisper ? eva what ? albert what be all that ? that be so embarrassing . eva I be just kid around . albert ( beat ) a calorie book ? you want to buy I a calorie book ? enough say 82 eva ( beat ) I be not really go to buy you a calorie book . albert I think you actually like I . eva ( confuse ) I do like you . albert why do I feel like I just spend the evening with my ex-wife . Eva look at the street . eva wait . be you drive I home ? albert yeah . eva be you stay over ? albert no . not tonight . eva oh . ext . eva' house - night Eva get out of the car and Albert drive off . int . eva' house / live room - night Eva come in and dump she purse . she 's startle to see Chloe lie down in the live room . but kind of relieved . chloe ( sit up ) hi. ellen go out with friend but I do not want to go home . be it okay ? eva I be actually glad you be here . enough say 83 they curl up together . chloe I feel so much more comfortable at you house . eva you know , you be welcome to stay in ellen 's room when she 's go . you would have to talk to you mom but it 's just gonna be empty . chloe really ? eva sure . chloe that would be awesome . thank you . int . eva' house / live room - night the tv be on and Eva and Chloe be asleep among they knitting . ellen come in the front door and stand over they . ellen ( to Chloe ) Excuse I , Chloe , but could I have my mom back ? they sit up , groggy . eva we be watch something and I guess we just pass out . ellen go to she room , angry . ellen for all I know you will be ask she to move into my room when I be go ! she leave the room and they hear the bedroom door slam shut . chloe I be sorry . eva not you fault , sweetie . enough say 84 chloe I better go home . int . ellen 's room - moment later - night ellen be pack thing into box . Eva come in and sit on the bed . eva honey . Chloe be needy . ellen who 's needy ? ( beat ) I be guess I be try to feel a little separate , you know , to sort of prepare . but instead I just feel lonely and anxious and Chloe 's always here ! eva I be so sorry . Eva hold out she arm . eva ( cont 'd ) honey . you know you be my baby . ellen ignore she and continue to put thing in pile . eva ( cont 'd ) please let I hug you . let mama hug you . more ignore . Eva sigh . eva ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) can I see what dad and Fran get you ? ellen point to a new blanket . eva ( cont 'd ) I be go to finish my blanket . what else do they get you ? ellen hold up some nice hanger . eva ( cont 'd ) oh , that be good . they do not take up a lot of room . enough say 85 ellen continue put clothes in box and Eva sit there , not know what else to say . ext . marianne 's back patio - day Eva be set she up massage table in the patio . Marianne be fool with a plant in she garden . marianne do you get a chance to look at my book ? eva I do . you poem be beautiful . not that I understand they , but I like they . marianne thanks . I be sure you understand they . Eva mouth '' no , I do not '' but Marianne do not see . the front door slam . tess ( 0.s. ) Mom ? marianne out here honey . Eva freeze , look down and away . tess do not notice she at first . tess hi. dad 's wait in the car . I forget my phone . marianne honey , I want you to meet - tess ( see she ) eva. hi. eva ( feign surprise ) tess ? marianne you guy know each other ? enough say 86 tess yes , we know each other . she 's dating dad . Marianne turn and look at Eva . Eva pretend she 's shocked . eva what ? marianne , you date Albert ? eva huh ? I be not sure what 's happen - I think , wait a minute - just then the front door slam . albert ( 0.s. ) hello ? tess we be out here , dad . after a moment Albert walk to the patio . albert oh , hey . sorry to interrupt . ( turn to Eva ) hi , I be - he look at Eva . eva hi ? albert I do not understand . what be you do here ? marianne she give I massage . we be friend . ( look at Eva , hurt ) I think . Albert look at they and take it all in . albert what ? ( beat ) you be friend with Marianne ? enough say 87 eva I meet she at a party and she take my card . marianne I think you be at the same party . albert and you meet we both ? ( beat ) so , what ? you be she masseuse ? eva yeah ! albert for how long ? marianne right after we meet . eva I have no idea who she be or who you be . albert but you must have figure it out . at some point . eva no! albert no? eva well , yeah , at some point . albert when ? eva what ? albert when do you figure it out ? Eva stall , not know what to say . albert ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) come on tess . you get you phone ? enough say 88 tess yeah . um. okay . Albert walk out and tess follow . Eva 's devastate . she get she stuff as Marianne , sit , shocked and hurt . eva I be so sorry . and Eva leave . ext . eva' house - soon after Eva walk up to she house and see Chloe sit on the front step wait for she . eva hi. chloe ( concerned ) you all right ? be it okay I be here ? eva probably not . Eva sit down next to she . eva ( cont 'd ) I screw up big time . chloe what happen ? eva ( head in she hand ) oh my god oh my god ... just then Chloe 's mother Debbie drive up and get out of the car . debbie Chloe . chloe hi mom. debbie ( to Eva ) Excuse I , do you have a daughter ? enough say 89 eva what ? Debbie get in she face . debbie ' cause this one mine . who do you think you be , tell she she should have sex with she boyfriend ? eva I - I do not . chloe , Mom ! Debbie pull Chloe up . debbie you stay away from my daughter . and keep you opinion to yourself . eva but - she need to talk about what 's important to she and - Debbie stop she . debbie shut. it. ( beat ) dyke . the last remark be so random Eva laugh . and then do not . ext . young man' house - day Eva climb the stair without help , miserably try to get on with she day . int . hollywood apartment - day the man with the bad breath be get a massage . luckily for Eva , he mouth be close . she massage slowly and automatically , lose in think . enough say 90 int . brentwood house - day Eva massage Cynthia as she blab on about she butcher block and travertine tile . Eva shut she eye , try to tune she out . ext . albert 's STREET - another day Eva 's prius drive toward Albert 's house . she get out of the car just as tess be come outside with a big box of cinnabon . ext . albert 's house - continuous eva hi. tess hi. eva be he here ? tess he go to the market . eva I be sorry to just come over but he will not call I back . tess I will tell he you come by . but Eva just stand there , not go anywhere . eva what be you go to do with that ? tess you want one ? tess sit and Eva sit beside she , take a cinnabon . just then Albert drive up . he get out of he car with a couple of grocery bag . Eva rise , nervous , hold the cinnabon . eva hi. enough say 91 albert ( cold ) you know how many calory be in that ? he go inside . Eva follow he . int . kitchen - continuous Eva come in as he 's put away the food . eva I just want to talk . he give she a look as if to say '' so talk . '' eva ( cont ’d ) it really be a coincidence and then I want to stop but she need massage and we sort of become friend and I do not know what to do . albert you know exactly what to do . you just do not do it . eva I be very tear . albert and while you be be tear she be poisoning we relationship ? poison you perception of I ? eva yes . albert and why would you want that ? eva I do not know ! I guess I be try to protect myself . you know , we have both be marry before , and we know how thing can turn out . albert and what about we ? you do not protect we . eva I do not protect we . but it 's not poison Albert , I still really want we to keep see each other . enough say 92 albert I would not know how . eva I be so , so sorry . albert this might sound corny , but you break my heart . and I be too old for that shit . and the worst part , the worst part be that you make I look like a idiot in front of my daughter . eva I be the idiot . I be the idiot ! he look at she , not sure what to say . he go to Eva walk albert I have get a lot to do . tess and school - eva when be she leave ? albert in a week . School start early . eva that 's when ellen leave . ( try to be light ) guess we be gonna need to get that hobby go , huh ? albert guess so . put away the grocery , he back to she . torn up , out . ext . albert 's house - continuous Eva go t Eva turn . of the front door when she see tess in the doorway . eva bye . tess he just really , really like you . enough say 93 eva I just really like he . and she leave Albert 's house . int . eva' bedroom - morning Eva lie in bed and sigh deeply , stare at the ceiling . int . ellen 's room - another day Eva enter ellen 's room with the finish , hand knitted blanket . she place it in a suitcase on the floor . she look around at what 's leave of she daughter 's whole life , and sit on the bed . the closet have be stripped mostly bare . the wall be blank . the bedding be go . ellen stand in the doorway and then sit beside she on the bed . Eva take she hand . they glance at one another - the kind of glance that acknowledge the bittersweet nature of life , and that no matter how hard we try , it will always win . int . los angele airport - same day Eva , Peter and ellen stand before the security line . eva how will you know which room be yours ? ellen it 's all write down . and we see everything on we visit . eva ( anxious ) I do not remember anything . ellen I do . peter she 's gonna be great . eva ( weakly ) you will be fine ! enough say 94 ellen I love you guy . ellen hug and kiss they both and after a beat , let go of they . they stand there . reluctantly they all turn around and head toward the security area . it 's take a agonizing long time as ellen get she ticket check , and she leave they , go to the escalator . Eva try to she best not to cry too much , Peter be do the same . as ellen ascend , she turn , see she parent grow smaller and smaller . and she parent , at last , see she disappear in the crowd . they turn , walk away . Eva breathes deeply and Peter put he arm around she . peter we make a fine person . Eva put she arm around he as well and they walk out of the airport . dissolve to : ext . young man 's house ~ day Eva pull she massage table out of she car and begrudgingly start up the step to the house . after a moment , hal come out and smile . hal hi eval he watch she struggle , smile . half way up she suddenly turn up to he . eva do you think you could help I ? hal rush down the stair . hal of course . oh my god , I be such a idiot ! he take the table out of she hand and hustle it up the stair . hal ( cont ’d ) God , this be heavy ! Eva walk up behind he , surprised and confuse . enough say 95 int . brentwood house - day Eva be massage Cynthia 's neck . cynthia well , we always go to my parent for thanksgive and we always get into a fight . my sister be a middle child so she 's get that issue - hey , what be you go to be do ? eva huh ? cynthia for the holiday ? eva oh , just go to a friend house . it 's go to be small . cynthia that sound nice . eva oh yeah . it will be . ext . sarah and will 's house - day Eva , in a sweater , get out of she car with some grocery , walk up to the front door and open it . int . sarah and will be house - morning she walk into the kitchen and put the grocery on the counter . Sarah , wear a robe , be prepare some food . eva hi. sarah hi honey . thank you so much . eva no problem . sarah ( unload grocery ) be you excited ? enough say 96 eva Beyond . sarah do you think she 's go to look different ? eva maybe she grow a beard . you know how it be at Sarah lawrence . she look the same . I skype with she yesterday . actually , I think she gain a little weight . sarah what time you get she ? eva not till two . sarah we nre eat at five . you should come straight here from the airport . Cathy walk into the kitchen and take down a bunch of plate . sarah ( cont 'd ) oh , let 's use the fancy plate instead . cathy you say you do not like they . sarah yeah , but it 's Thanksgiving . you be suppose to use ugly plate . eva I be gonna get go . Sarah open the silverware drawer and see a hair brush where she roll she eye and look at Eva , who smile . eva ( cont 'd ) I will see ya . cathy bye Eva . eva bye Cathy . Eva leave . enough say 97 int . eva ‘s car - day she sit in she car and do not drive . after a moment , she check she appearance in the mirror . ext . albert 's house - day Eva drive up and park across the street . she stare at the house and can see the live room . after a moment , Albert be there . and he see she . she freeze . she do not know what to do , so she give a stupid little wave . he walk away from the window . her heart sink . eva okay . she 's about to drive away when he come out of the house and stand on the front step . she take this as she cue and get out and go over . eva ( cont ’d ) I do not often park in front of you house . ( beat ) usually I just drive by . albert I have drive by you house , too . eva ( thrilled ) you have ? he nod . he sit and she sit beside he . eva ( cont 'd ) you look good . albert so do you . eva be tess come home ? albert already here . she 's at she mom 's . I be go over there soon . wanna come ? enough say 98 Eva laugh , the ice break . albert ( cont 'd ) and ellen ? eva this afternoon . she 's come home this afternoon . albert so , you have be okay , without she ? eva oh yeah . but she 's not go back because I have build a cage . albert what a good idea . eva I have miss you . he look at she , he face soften . albert I have miss you too . they smile at one another . albert ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) oh , I think you should know . I buy some night table . eva ( surprised ) you do ? albert no . Eva laugh . eva okay . that 's good . and she look at Albert , feel gratitude and possibly love . fade out foxsearchlight.com / award released by twentioth century Fox '' 2013 twentieth century Fox