enough written by Nicholas Kazan revised - 3b dialog in parenthesis be ( not speak aloud ) . note on title : graphic title pop up throughout . some be chapter title , other more like the explanatory arrow find in cartoon . sometimes the word present themselves in normal fashion . at other time , they be loosely space or sharply angle or individual word flash up one after another . i.e. , title ought to be wilder and less uniform than I suggest on the page . hey her face . flash . she look gorgeous , then ordinary , sloppy , white waitress uniform , gorgeous again , dish stack in she arm , turn , look , happy , tired . intercut title . slim hi , can I help you ? what would you like ? want a menu ? hey billy . hey Tom . you take care , rosie . we get a sense of she : 23 , smart , good attitude , proud to be on she own and support herself even if the job be menial . she move quickly , physically , with a almost athletic grace - slim sure thing , Annie . have a good one . that 's two straight up . you be good to go . Morning . hey there . Morning to you . ( beat , embarrassed ) what ? ( look down , see she 's carry lunch food ) right. afternoon . a sense of the diner too . 50' - style joint : hip , lively ; a fun pl ace full of wacko sign that tell we we be in some modestly size so. cal. beach community . slim what can I get you ? whattaya like ? whattaya want ? ( roll eye ; good- humor rejection of a.come - on : ) Nice try , bud - ( incredulous ) do that ever work ? hey , lemme get that for you . hey . common ' right up . end title as we flash food image : bean / egg / pie / burger / shake / waffle / grill cheese , fast flow of too much grub as word fly up : 2 how they met int . " the orca " restaurant . day . flurry of movement , waitress set up for lunch , slim joke with ginny ( 28 , knock around but still spirite ; two kid at home from different guy ; she somehow maintain a good attitude ) . slim view Ginny as she idol : for she attitude , not she life . catch they in mid-conversation , Ginny slightly offended , work - class accent : ginny why not ? my grandfather be a lawyer ... plus : I have a logical mind ... slim and you be only like 299 thousand short of what you would need for law school . fast riff : ginny I piece of cake - slim piece of pie - ginny piece of ass . so what would you do ? slim I do not know ... ginny liar - slim ( embarrassed ) I be also think ... well ... I could go back to school . ginny in what ? I think you hate - slim psychology maybe , I do not know . I know it 's not cool to say so , but I would like to contribute something to society , even if - ( it 's just ) 3 ginny we contribute . we give them food , energy , so they can go out and save western civilization - a bell ring , a customer come in , and the owner of the place , phil ( 45 , syrian , also the cook ) stick he head between they : phil lady , please . be I pay you ? ginny not that we notice . ( sees clock : 11:15 ) oh my God , speak .of time - the lunch rush be come ; they start work triple speed - int . " orca . " later . Ginny and slim converge carry dirty dish , pile they up for the busboy , teddy ( 21 , Hispanic ) . they have not stop move for two hour , but now they can take a breath , survey the scene . slim notice Ginny have a wet spot under she arm . slim ever try the rock , hey ? ginny Excuse I ? slim the deodorant thing . it 's salt or something , it come in like a ... it look like some kinda hippie crystal . ginny you be say I sweat . slim perspire , Ginny . you lightly - ( perspire ) ginny ( a vow to get even ) I will remember that . ( as someone come in ) you turn , I be sweatin ' too much . slim give she a look , grab a menu , go over to where the new customer , whom we will call for the moment our hero , be seat . 4 when she reach he booth , she notice he 's get a book and a long -stemm red rise . she hand he a menu - slim wait for somebody ? he shake he head . she can not help notice he 's very handsome . slim ( cont . something to drink ? our hero just water , thanks . slim I will give you a minute to look over - our hero that 's okay . I be in yesterday ... ( read she nametag ) slim . she nod , slightly uncomfortable . he hand she he menu . our hero what 's you real name ? slim no . our hero hmm . I like it , but do not you think it 's kind negative ? slim no , I do not tell my name . our hero okay . Coke and a turkey burger , coleslaw no fries , couple extra slice tomato . I write book . slim oh. our hero you read book ? she kind of half - nod half - shrug . 5 our hero ( cont . ) what be you read now ? she stare at he ... slim finneaan 's wake by James Joyce . a friend tell I it 's the hardest book in the English Language . not the hardest hardest , just the hardest one it 's actually possible to read , and I figure if I can get through that one , I can do the other . our hero how long you be read it ? slim six year . I will be back with you TB . she leave , go back put the order in , mutter to Ginny : slim { cont . } asshole . ginny what would he say ? slim want to find out how smart I be so I tell he I be read the hardest book in the English language . ginny he like you . slim I think he 's just a dick . ginny slim ...he be in yesterday - slim I know - ginny and he 's back today with a rise , he pull you into conversation . honey , if you can not tell he like you , you need to study psychology . 6 slim okay , so he like I . ginny do you like he ? slim I do not know he . ginny what 's that get to do with it ? slim : he be a major piece of cake / piece of pie . slim I do not notice . ginny trust I . carrot cake . and when a guy like that - cuter than you ? - he actually like you - slim he 's cuter than I ?? tinny give she a long stare ; this be obviously a favorite routine : ginny hey . Wise up , huh ? no - one be ever gonna go for you ' cause of you look . slim ( nods soberly ) that be bad news , ' cause my personality bite . Ginny grin . slim write up a check for a customer at the counter . when she finish , the turkey burger be up . she carry it to the table : slim TB , coleslaw , and so forth . you do not really write book , do you ? our hero nope . slim I do not read finnecan 's wake either . 7 our hero I be goin ' into law . enforcement . she nod . this be more like what she expect . slim who 's the rise for ? he shrug . she 's busy , so she start to go : slim enjoy you grub , huh ? she 's seven foot away when she hear : our hero hey - sheturn back toward he - he smile , offer the rise : our hero you . she smile back - they eye meet ... a sudden utterly magical moment . this be also the moment to . note our hero should be play by a famous actor do a cameo . because at this instant the scene change . the man ( mitch ) in the booth behind we hero - a man we have not notice because all we have see be the back of he head - turn and look at slim . stands . look down at we hero ... mitch how much do you settle on ? our hero Excuse . I ? slim frown , step closer so she can overhear : mitch the bet . how much be it ? we hero have a completely blank look on he face - mitch ( cont . ) you and you friend . yesterday . be it 200 or 500 or - ? 8 slim ( to mitch ) what be you - mitch he bet he friend he could get in you pants in less than twelve hour , start noon today . we hero rise to he foot and push Mitch in the chest , which look like a stupid move , since Mitch be bigger - our hero be this you business ? ( right in Mitch 's face ) what be you , the moral police ? he push again and Mitch ,s hand shoot out like a snake strike . grab he by the collar . lift he . a freeze moment , more violence just a breath away , and a sense of thing about to spin out of control ... we hero 's eye be pop ; he try to hide he fear : our hero take it easy , m...man . she and I be just have some fun - slim ( to we hero ) be it two hundred or five ? ( very calm ) I want to know what I be worth . we hero gesture to Mitch : would you mind put I down ? Mitch reluctantly oblige . we hero do he best to recollect he dignity . look at slim . drop a ten on the table and smirk : our hero the bet be two , but now that I know you ? Way too high . a pain look flash across slim 's face - we hero start toward the door , but Mitch step in he path . speak quietly but with authority ; there 's a physical power in he word . since he 's protect slim , the power be comforting : mitch do not come back here , buddy . ever . we hero nod nervously . Mitch step back 3 inch , just far enough to let we hero leave . which he do with considerable relief . slim 's lean versus . the counter , shake , tear in she eye - Mitch tug he baseball cap , mutter as he head for the door : mitch sorry to get in you business . slim no. hey . thank you . he nod , keep go . slim ( cont . ) ( blurt out , grateful : ) I ... I can not believe you actually say something . mitch ( turn , shrug ) if I would keep my mouth shut , I would 'a feel bad later . good luck , huh ? she nod . he amble out the door . a touch of the cowboy in he . she shake she head , look at Ginny . Ginny gesture as if to say , well ? at first slim do not get it . Ginny gesture more urgently : come on . what be you wait for ? she look toward the door - slim follow she look . push in on slim' face as she try to work up the courage ... just as she start toward the door , we : CUT to : 10 bride and ext . old pasadena estate . night . flash : wedding photo . Mitch have lot of ( surprisingly upper crust ) family , slim have a few friend . the more photo flash , the more pronounce ( and sad ) , the contrast . fly right into : bacchanalian dancing . french Champagne have flow ; shoe and inhibition be abandon hour ago . the camera weave through the dancers to find : slim and Mitch , dance close , never quite touch , every move intense , physical , like subtle public sex . they eye be lock ; she run she veil down he body , he hand lightly touch she ass ; they slow down and stand , lip a millimeter apart but not quite kissing , the sexual tension building ... we see how crazy they be about each other , how completely physically involved - and how much fun they have . watch they be phil , with Mitch 's parent , mrs . tyler ( 58 , confident , at ease with she power and family money , and likeable despite monstrous flaw ) and mr. tyler ( someone Mrs. Tyler marry in a moment of cupidity ) . mrs . tyler Mitch be kind of .. .evasive . be she father dead too ? phil Dead to she . he leave when she be two . mrs . tyler oh. well , I be happy to pay for the wedding - mr. tyler yes , we be very happy - mrs , tyler ( ignore Mr. T. ) it 's a way to build bridge ... not that you can ... ( repair all the damage ) when there 's such a vast body of water ... 11 phil you do not get along with you son ? she give he a look . she 's both offended by , and appreciative of , he bluntness . look out at Mitch : mrs . tyler he 's like my father . which mean , I guess , that he will do very well . phil he 's do well to get miss slim . mrs . tyler yes , he have , have not he ? he 's marry down , but he 's get value . as phil react , he notice he wife , salima , have join he . with she be two kid ( 5 and 2 ) . salima 's look out at the floor : not at slim , but at Ginny and she dance partner . we see a think cross she mind . she bend down and whisper conspiratorially to the kid . they whoop they response , run out to Ginny ( who look quite uncomfortable in she maid-of - honor dress ) . five year old son Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! can we spend the night at phil and salima 's house ? Ginny look over , wink at salima , and kiss she kid : ginny do not eat at they ice cream , huh ? they squeal with pleasure and run off . Ginny turn back , resume dance with joe ( 24 , handsome in a casual way , a good guy ) : ginny so this be during college or after ? joe during . ginny what be wrong with you ? ( off he puzzle look ) I mean - why would you and slim break up ? 12 joe oh. well . I be terrible in bed . ( let this hang for a moment for shock value , then : ) plus , I do not know : we just sort of .. . evolve into be friend . ginny evolution ? you be go the wrong direction , bud . joe that 's kinda what .1 think , but I guess I be so totally pathetic - ginny why be I not believe this ? ( intrigued ) can I take you home right now ? joe if you have get a sense of humor . ginny my kid be out for the night , and ... joe another thing : I live in Chicago ; woman always want the possibility of long -term - ginny I do not propose , huh ? I just want to have ... ( look at he ... ) a brief and completely unsatisfy sexual encounter . joe hey . I be you guy . she pull he into a kiss , and ... well : he 's not a bad kisser ... we glide from they to slim and Mitch , hardly move . suddenly : tender and insecure and almost comic , she look at he ... slim you sure , you love I ? mitch uh-huh ... 13 slim for ever and ever ? he stop dance . sense the real issue beneath she question : mitch you be safe with I , slim . you be safe , and it 's okay to be happy . we deserve it . they kiss . other stop to watch : how cute . phil come over , wait . when they break : phil I be sorry , I gotta get up five o'clock to buy green bean . he slip a envelope into Mitch 's hand : phil in my country , it 's tradition to give money to groom . you do not need it , but ... slim shake she head , touch , as : mitch that 's very sweet - slim ( hugging phil ) thanks for give I away , okay ? you be the best substitute dad a girl could possibly have . phil no substitute . I be real thing . she kiss he , and he go . they look after he . mitch he really love you . she nod , not quite pick up how odd he statement be : of course he love she ; she nick he to give she away . Mitch turn she toward he and slip he hand inside the top of she dress ( so the back of he hand touch she breast ; be this go too far ? ) . he pull she to he , whisper : mitch you gonna give I baby ? 14 slim oh yeah . mitch how soon ? slim how soon can we get out of here ? he hoist she into he arm and carry she off the floor . applause from the guest . it 's a grand romantic gesture . you have to wonder if Mitch be just a little too good to be true ... CUT to : conquering hero ext . spanish - style house with ground . day . slim ( 4 month pregnant ) stand 'on the walkway lead up to a large , simple , ' beautiful house . Mitch be knock at the door . the man who answer the door be 62 , white - haire , vigorous . look like he walk out of a viagra ad . home owner hello ? mitch hi . we have be drive around , and my wife have completely fall in love with you house . home owner it 's great , be not it ? mitch we want to buy it . the Home owner 's jaw drop as Mitch gesture toward he bulg wife : mitch ( cont . ) my wife want it for we family . home owner ( polite but firm ) well ... we be not sell . mitch sure you be . 15 Mitch hand he a slip of paper . totally amiable : mitch that 's the price . do not worry , it 's well over - market . home owner ( stunne , a little scared ) you ... you be out of you mind . mitch I know . that 's just it . so before you say no again , think how miserable one determine crazy person can make you . miserable today , miserable tomorrow , miserable for every single day until the day you sell . we glimpse the Home owner 's will just start to crumble ... mitch ( cont . ) you kid be grow , you will be happier in a smaller place . move off the owner 's face ... slow pan to the window of the house . the sense that time be pass ... and when we reach the window , we see slim inside . move through the window ... int . house . kitchen . day . six week later . she 's happily put away grocery . whistle to herself . what we can see of the house feel good : the furnishings be simple , casual , friendly . she 's put a bottle of oil up on a shelf . . . but it never quite get there . her face change . something 's happen . the hand hold the oil lower ... the oil bottle slip through she finger and smashes on the floor ... oil spread across the floor ... she stare at it . claw the air , grab the cordless phone as she plop down on a kitchen barstool . start to cry . punch the autodialer . slim it 's slim , be he there ? Water be flooding down the barstool ; she 's miscarry . 16 slim ( cont . ) well , will you please just ... just tell he I be sorry , okay ? CUT to : second pregnancy int . mitch office . day . a central area with large office surround it , guy in suit , guy in construction gear , architect , attractive young women . . .all move quickly , purposefully . two uniformed cop come out of a room put envelope into they pocket . project everywhere . model , photo , chart and timeline : when the concrete 's go to be pour , when the inspector come , etc . Mitch be building mini-malls . in the center of this activity , Mitch move from one locus of energy to the next : answer question , make suggestion . gradually we perceive something , motion slower than the rest of the office . slim . come toward he . he see she . see she expression . she stop . he realize : mitch you see the doctor ? it 's so obvious from she face that she barely need to ' say it : slim I lose this one too . CUT to : B a B y L o V E int . hospital . day . slim lie in bed . very pale , a light dust of sweat . we assume she 's between contraction . Mitch 's face inch from hers ; smother she with kiss . the nurse bring the baby in , start to give she to slim - mitch can I hold she ? the nurse look at slim , . who nod , and give Mitch the baby . 17 he kiss she head , dance with she . slim look adoringly at father and daughter : the sight be almost unbelievably sweet . his cell phone ring . he keep dance , ignore it . after one ring , it stop . he 's kissing the baby 's head over and over , just like he kiss slim , and stare into the infant 's eye - mitch she look just like my baby picture . his cell phone ring again . as if the previous call have be a signal . slim look at he as the phone keep ringing . with some difficulty , juggling the baby , he turn the phone off . but he do not look at slim . slim who be that ? mitch I do not know . who care ? some construction thing , I guess . she stare at he . he stare at the baby . mitch be not she the most beautiful thing you ever see in you life ? slim nod cautiously . CUT to : the moment you know ext . hillside . day . remains of a picnic . slim 's play with they daughter , gracie , now 4 . say something and Gracie laugh . slim laugh . be keeps laugh , which really get Gracie go . Mitch look on , try to join in , but it 's force - and besides that : they be not even look at he , not invite he laughter ; it 's all between the mother and child . so he stop try . just watch they . and before he eye , they become - for a instant - stranger . as this reaction , and the subtle hostility it engender , flicker across he face , slim look up at he - for one long moment they both seem to acknowledge the gulf between they ... then Gracie say something . slim turn back toward she , the " girl " be laugh again ... and Mitch be not . CUT to : int . bathroom / bedroom . night . shower stall . Glass , opaque , streak with water and soap so as to give a slightly freaky aspect . someone inside . slim watch . smile . start to take off she clothes . slim hey . mitch hey . slim ( flirtatious ) should I join you ? mitch I be about to get out . slim ( down to she panty ) oh. mitch I have to go to back to work , I be just do this to wake myself up . slim ( disappointed ) okay . ( start to go ) 19 mitch ( call ) sorry . slim ( to herself ) yeah . ( I too . ) she 's in the bedroom now . it 's underlit , full of shadow . in scary - movie nomenclature , she 's expose , vulnerable ; it feel like someone 's go to leap out and attack she at any - not this time . she throw on short and a t-shirt - int . hall . night . she look in on Gracie , sleep peacefully . consol image . int . kitchen . night . she 's wash dish , bored , hum to herself . the counter 's cover with take - out food container : she do not cook . a noise . pager . not beep , just hum slightly : she would not even hear it except it 's on the tile counter . sound vaguely like a vibrator . lying there , just a few foot from she . with Mitch 's wallet and key , he cell phone . she look at it . . know she should not ... decide not to ... can not resist . dry her.hands methodically on a dishtowel . pick up the pager . read : 33. she stare , realize : it 's code . she look at the cell phone . wonder whether ... look toward the hall . we hear the shower still run ... she pick up he cell phone . tentatively - she 's not sure this will work - she press : recall 33 . the phone flash name , but instead of a name there 's : . she stare at this , glance again down the hall - take a deep breath .. . and press send . wait ... listen nervously ... 20 woman' voice ( flirtatious ) hello there . slim you just page my husband , right ? ( half beat ) Mitch . ( half beat ) who be you , what 's you name ? woman' voice I be sorry , I - slim it 's too late to deny it . tell I you - ( name ) a rustle on the other end - slim ( cont . ) do not hang upl do not be a cowardl silence . slim ( cont . ) just you name . that 's the least you could do , do not you think ? a simple plea , one woman to another ... woman' voice I be ... darcelle . not only the name . now we hear it in the accent : she 's french . dialtone . slim go into slow motion . how oddly she arm move downward . she look at the phone . blink . press off . scan the room as if she 's never see it before . one of Gracie 's toy lie on the floor . slim stare at it . reaches down to pick it up , but instead of the toy move up , she body move down . she slump to the floor . sits. stare . wider angle . minute later . slim sit on the floor . frozen . head bow . 21 Mitch come out , dress , see she . mitch hey . she doesn ' t say anything . he approach she . some instinct keep he from speak . he see she 's hold he phone , the silly toy ... slim how can you do this to Gracie ? he do not say anything . slim ( cont . ) darcelle page you . that ' 's where you be go , right ? ( off he silence ) yeah . wow. Mitch ? can you please ? can you sit here with I ? he do . she do not know where to start , how to talk about it ... slim she 's french ? mitch she be not important . slim no . mitch you be important . slim yes . mitch and Gracie . she nod . slim Mitch ? , I can not ... I could not stand for this to ... ( destroy we life ) I be happy , I have really be happy , and I do not want to - ( give that up ) 22 mitch you will not have to . believe I . she 's nothing , she 's no - one - slim you ... damn it ! you say I be safe with you ! mitch you be , slim . you be . I promise . they fall into a embrace . we feel how keenly they need each other . CUT to : int . house . kitchen . night . they be hugging . begin tight on they . at first it seem like this be the same embrace shot from a different angle . then we see we be in the kitchen , he briefcase be at he side ; they clothes be different . sing a sad song we watch slim 's expression slowly change . from pleasure . to confusion . pain . outrage . she whisper : slim I smell she . mitch what ? slim her perfume . darcelle or whoever . mitch slim - slim ( intense , sad ) how many , Mitch ? how many be there ? how many have there be ? mitch what do it matter ? a stun statement . even more stun because of the casual way he say it . 23 mitch ( cont . ) id I mean what be you say here , that I do not deserve to get laid ? please . I be a man , slim . with the pregnancy , Gracie , you do not have time and energy like you use to , and I understand that , I really do . Men and woman have different need , and that 's okay . darcelle be willing to take care of it , and maybe that 's better for everybody . slim include you ? he contemplate he answer ... and shrug . slim no ! no! no ! mitch calm down , slim - Wild , violently invade he space and assault he authority , scream at he , she face just inch from he : I slim I can not do this anymore ! I can not ! just take it , and take it , and take it !? I be not strong enough ! I do not know who would be . I love you , okay ? I love you and I be you wife and you can not do this ! you understand I ?!!! no more ! no more ! with the same speed he attack " we hero " at the diner , Mitch 's hand shoot out like a snake strike . slap she . a warning : stop it and stop it now . her face : shock . confusion . outrage . she raise she hand to she cheek . touches she skin where he fist land ... he read she expression and be almost amused : mitch what , I can not hit you ? slim ( low , strong ) no . you can not . he hit she again , this time with a close fist . 24 knock she to the ground . stands over she like a boxer . see rase flare across she face - mitch you want to fight ? I be a mom , honey ; it 's no contest . she 's silent , but we see ( very small ) she reaction : oh yeah ?? mitch { cont .} you have to understand , slim . I think you do : make the money here , so I set the rule , right ? it 's my rule . he wait for she response , but again she 's silent . mitch you with I ? slim it 's you rule . mitch yeah . she keep she voice meek so as not to offend : slim and if I do not like the rule ?? mitch if you do not " like " they ?! she nod cautiously . mitch { cont .} come on . life be not onl stuff we like . we take the good with the bad , right ? that 's what life be , what marriage be . so maybe , for you , today be a bad day . tomorrow may be great . slim tomorrow may be great . mitch that 's right . 25 slim tomorrow will be great . ( without you . ) he appear to miss she inference . mitch yeah . today be the price you pay for have such a good life . she stare at he . mitch I be go out . she say nothing . mitch { cont .} this be gonna be better , do not you think ? she just can not process the absurdity of this statement . mitch { cont .} I do not have to sneak around , pretend I be go to work . I can just say : " I be go to darcelle 's , I will be back in a few hour . " her face be completely blank . he bend down , give she a kiss on the head . we feel she skin crawl . she watch he go . wait . hear the front door close . she get up , walk to the window , watch he walk toward he car . she turn away , look at the room . we hear he car start . she go to the phone . thinks . start to dial - slowly , deliberately ... shock : rap at the window ! he 's there . 26 she react with guilt , but he do not look angry now . behind he be he idling mercede convertible , driver 's door open ... he motion for she to open the window . she do . mitch who you call ? slim you mother . mitch what be you gonna tell she ? slim I be suppose to bring Gracie tomorrow . maybe I better cancel . mitch ( nods ) I be think . you ... you know that I adore you , but if you ever want ... if you want out ... for a second he can not talk . he 's choke up . she watch coldly . his emotion appear real , but who care ? mitch ( cont . ) . I will understand . I really will . ( almost tender ) but there 's one thing : you can not have Gracie . she 's my daughter . do not even think about take she . slim stare at he . he add calmly : mitch ( cont . ) if I see that think even cross you mind , I will kill you . there . he 's say what he need to . he walk toward he car . she shut the window . stare after he . in a odd and defiant way , she start to whistle . loudly . to herself . almost dare he . 27 he keep walk . CUT to : outta here int . car . day . emotional , impressionistic . close on she face , almost inside she skin : a visual symphony . the countryside behind she be out of focus , a blur . she pull up at a gate , punch in a code . drive up a long a driveway to : ext . pasadena estate . day . four jaguar line up . at a respectful distance sit a old Toyota ( the may 's car ) and a pick - up ( the gardener 's truck ) . slim park near the truck . her hand move to the door handle , but she can not bring herself to open it . she sit ... paralyze , a failure . in this prolong pause , Mrs. Tyler burst out of the house - mrs . tyler you be late , you be late , I be worried you would not comet ( look , realize ) no Gracie ? slim shake she head . Mrs. Tyler be clearly disappointed , but quickly cover it up : mrs . tyler well then , you and I will have a girl ' luncheon and gossip about simply everybody ! she 's about to hurtle into the gossip when slim turn she head and Mrs. Tyler see ( and we see for the first time ) the result of Mitch 's brutality : a nasty bruise on slim 's cheek . Mrs. Tyler 's face fall as she realize what this mean . underneath it all , she 's a warm person ; she hug slim : mrs . tyler oh baby . oh baby , I be so sorry ... 28 hold a moment ; like a mother - daughter tableau ... her tone stay sympathetic , not at all accusatory : mrs . tyler ( cont . ) what do you do ? what would you say to he ? slim freeze . on she sad , shocked reaction - CUT to : int . " orca " diner . kitchen . day . Ginny in the middle of a intense rap . she and slim be wedge in a corner booth . the off -season lunch rush have die down ... ginny Men be land mine . some you trigger the first week , other it 's year in . Problem be : you want a man man , meaning he vein run thick with testosterone , which be good ' cause he can fuck you brain out but he can also turn around , no warning , and beat you brain out too . phil I never touch salima . Ginny wave at he : of course not . phil but the other part , first part : I can - ( do that ) ginny relax , phil. nobody 's talkin ' about you dick here , okay ? phil bring slim a iced tea and slice of pie : phil you go to cop , I hope ? ginny ( do not be stupid . ) Mitch be in construction , phil . slim ( nods ) he know every cop in the city . 29 ginny even if he do not . my aunt ? she get a restrain order ? when it be up , this slimeball beat she into a coma . phil if he want to put she in coma , why worry restrain order ? ginny ' Cause he 's a man , phil ! he 's psychotic ! ( calmly , to slim ) you be leave he today . right now . slim ( shake she head , trap ) I gotta pick up Gracie at pre-school . CUT to : ext . pre -school . day . three 4 - year-old girl run toward a car , squealing . they be all blond and adorable , and it take a moment for we to realize none of they be Gracie . slim sit in she car in the pick - up line . the four Girls get in the volvo station wagon in front of she . the volvo pull out , and slim move to the front of the line . the very hip pre -school director smile at slim : preschool director you husband get she . slim what ?? preschool director ( cont . ) Gracie be totally psyched . I tell he he should do it more often . slim nod with feign casualness and pull away . slight smile freeze on she face . CUT to : ext . her home . day . she pull in . no other car there . 30 int . her home . day . she look around . nothing abnormal except the quiet . as if they have go and be never come back . she dig out she cell phone , punch the first number on the automatic dialer . press send . thinks . after one ring , she disconnect . immediately press recall , then send . he answer : mitch voice ( for darcelle ) how be my little croissant ? slim it 's you loaf of bread . mitch voice ( cheerful , no guilt ) oh. hi. how 's it go ? slim where be you ? mitch voice Zoo. slim why do not you tell I you be go to - ( pick up Gracie ) mitch voice I call you at home , leave message - he 's interrupt by a loud squeal from Gracie , follow by a question , which he answer : mitch voice ( cont . ) you Mom . gracie' voice hey moml the elephant be pee ! mitch voice ( pleased with himself for be a good dad ) she 's a little excited . 31 slim when be you come home ? CUT to : int . dine room . night . dinner . it 's scary that Mitch will have this conversation in front of Gracie , who 's play at they foot : mitch it make I nervous when I could not reach you . slim shrug . he stare at she . smile . his voice so soft and calm : mitch { cont .} do you have any idea how bad thing can get ? slim educate I . mitch ( embarrassed to say it ) slim . I be a determine person . I be determine to have you , and I do . this house ... the company ... I be , and always will be , a person who get what he want . you can either share in my success or leave we ( meaning he and Gracie ) right now . which way you wanna go ? beat . slim I want to be happy . he 's not sure of she subtext , but he 's willing to give she the benefit of the doubt : mitch good . with a sudden shock , slim see Gracie stare at Mitch : the girl have pick up on he tone . slim glance at Mitch to see if he notice Gracie 's expression . he do not . 32 slim look back at Gracie : still stare at Mitch . if she already sense what 's happen , how long before she 's affect by it ? how long before she see Mitch become violent ? slim 's jaw tighten slightly ; she resolve grow stronger . CUT to : int . master bedroom . night . Mitch asleep , slim awake , listen . his breathe deep , rhythmic , slight hint of a snore . in the distance , a dove coo . she look at she clock : 2:15 . she ease out of bed . go into the bathroom . we hear the sound of she pee . int . bathroom . she 's no pee . a bottle be propped up , run water into the toilet as slim get dress . quickly , silently . int . bedroom . night . she lean out the bathroom doorway , see : he 's still asleep . she move quickly , bathroom to hall . int . gracie' room . night . Gracie 's fast asleep . slim lift she up , pile she prize teddy bear on top . int . hall . night . slim carry Gracie toward the entrance . we move with she . she 's silent , terrify . glance over she shoulder - no one there . she keep walk . the eerie sense of a house that 's awake rather than asleep . the almost imperceptible but anxiety - provoking swoosh of she footstep ... extend the suspense as long as we possibly can ... 33 she reach the front door . wait to make sure all be quiet . it be . she turn , look back down the hall . empty . reaches toward the doorknob ... hand closer , closer ... she start to turn it - ext . slim' house . night . Ginny , phil , and teddy be cluster under a tree , stare at the house . wait . they van be park down the road . we expect the front door to open any instant . it do not . they wait . casually . not know where slim be . but we know . do something go wrong ? slim be right at the door . in a casual way , she rescuer start to wonder . teddy maybe she do not hear the signal . ginny she hear it . phil no. teddy 's right . she could still be asleep - ginny she 's not asleep , okay ? she 's come out any second . phil nod . they wait . she do not come out . Ginny shake she head , look at she watch . 34 ginny do it again . teddy nod . cup he hand , coo like a dove ... they wait again . beat . int . house . night . slim still freeze in exactly the same spot . still carry Gracie , still with she hand on the knob . listen . turn she head this way - that way . she hear the cooing dove noise come again from outside . that settles it . she pull the door - mitch flying at her - grab she , catch she , catch Gracie , pull slim 's hair hard , lead she away from the door - ext . house . night . the three rescuer still wait . frozen . phil shake he head . we see a baseball bat in he hand . phil we better go in . ginny it would be crazy to wake he . if anything 's wrong , she will flick the light . . right ? phil nod skeptically , and Ginny herself do not seem so sure . they look at the house - and wait . . .and wait ... we want to scream : " go in ! go ! save her ! " suddenly something . subtle . be that a SOUND from inside ??? they go on alert . . .step forward ... listen more closely ... but hear nothing unusual . 35 phil. look at Ginny , shrug - Ginny shrug back - flash of light , then darkness . the signal . they run toward the house - scream . slim . intense horrible spit of sound , replace by a even more horrible silence . deadly silence . close on ginny as they run : as if we have lose slim and Ginny 's .our new protagonist . as we near the house , we realize : it 's not silence . there be sound from inside : almost inaudible thud . sound of a beat . on Ginny 's horrify reaction - Baseball bat . phil smashes a window . they climb through the hole into the house - int . house . night . silence . they move quickly , carefully toward the live room ; it 's very dark , we can hardly - mitch another step and you be dead . Mitch emerge from darkness . Light glint off he pistol . thirty foot behind he : Gracie 's sleep on the couch . Mitch move and they stare in horror . lying at he foot be slim 's body .. pain spring from Ginny 's throat , she rush to slim - Mitch ram the gun into she head : mitch do not you hear I ? i Ginny feel slim 's pulse , say to phil : ginny she 's alive - mitch unless you go , you brain ' 11 be on imy rug i 36 phil Sir . we be three people . if you kill we all , you will go sure to electric chair . mitch I could give a shit . slim make a SOUND as Ginny stroke she head ... Mitch fire the gun into the wall over Ginny 's head . muffled sound : silencer . but he have everyone 's attention now : mitch ( cont . ) this be you last chance . phil we be happy to leave , Sir : with miss slim and Gracie . Ginny 's help slim to she knee . phil ( cont . ) and make no mistake . if you keep they here , we will go to police , who will arrest you with pleasure . I / Mitch stare at phil . walk to he . be he go to hit he ? shoot he ? Mitch lean in , gun to phil 's head , and whisper : mitch I do not want to say this in front of the group , but you be just a rug-head , nobody will believe you . you go to the cop , it 's she word against mine . they will find drug in she bureau ... ( before phil can laugh ) or she car , whatever . ( very strong ) trust I on that . ( casual , confident ) I will have custody of Gracie by the end of the week . phil ( skeptical ) and if we take they away , you will shoot all four of we ?? mitch that 's right . 37 phil then we die young . the other be uncertain , but phil help slim up ; teddy join he . Ginny tentatively follow he lead and pick up Gracie .. slim ( very soft ) ( this be no good . ) you be humiliate he . ginny what ? slim ( a little louder ) he will come after I and kill I . Mitch overhear this , smile . mitch you hear that ? that 's why she love I . ( off they horrify look ) nobody care like I do . the other stare at he in astonishment , but continue toward the door . Mitch lean toward slim , whisper : mitch see you soon . CUT to : int . van . night . Gracie awake now in slim 's arm : stare , confuse . Gentle rock of the van . the other barely visible , like shadow . check , please int . airplane . day . Gracie asleep , slim hold she . blind down , movie play . despite Gracie 's age , the angle and soft lighting make this resemble a madonna and child ... CUT to : 38 ext . navy pier ( chicago ) . evening . open air market : shop , stall ; yuppie heaven . slim carry Gracie on she shoulder . they be with jog ( she old boyfriend , from the wedding ) . horsing around , have a good time , Gracie eat a pastry . they stop and look out at Lake Michigan . slim wow ... whattaya think , toot ? gracie it 's a big ocean ! joe well . it 's only a lake , but we like it . gracie ( nod , stare out ... can we stay here a while ? CUT to : int . joe' car . night . they be drive along , suddenly Joe say - joe come up , whattaya say ?! gracie &amp ; slim ( a game ) bob for apple ! slim ( front seat ) and Gracie ( back ) both drop they head so they can not be see from outside the car - Joe turn the corner , press a garage door opener , and drive into the basement garage of a nice- look 4 - plex . int . joe' 4 - plex . night . they come in from the garage , throw off they coat . all the curtain in the apartment be draw . joe be there anybody who like ice cream ? Gracie whoops - the doorbell ring - 39 slim and Joe freeze - slim whip she hand over Gracie 's mouth - Gracie look horrify : why be you cover my - slim put she finger to she mouth : shhh . she take Gracie 's hand ; they scurry out of sight - Joe hurry to the stereo , put it on . Music to cover Gracie 's " whoop . " he go to the door , look through the peep hole . see a large man in a suit . joe yes ? first FBI man FBI . can we talk ? he hold up a i.d . not readable through the peep hole . joe go ahead . first FBI man would you mind open up ? Joe glance over he shoulder : no sign of they . he open the door , but not far enough to let the man in . behind the large man be two other men in suit . first FBI man we be investigate a kidnap ; we would like to look around . joe you get a search warrant ? first FBI man oh , we get a warrant all right . he slap a paper and push past Joe ; the other man follow ... joe can I she the warrant ? first FBI man ignore this . 40 joe ( cont . ) who be you look for ? the FBI man give he a sarcastic glance . joe ( cont . ) a mother take she own child be not kidnap . I do not think you be FBI at all . this elicit no response . Joe move to where he can see the other two guy . look down the hall toward : int . kitchen . night . second FBI man search the pantry , look around . he open the door to the garage and vanish - int . bedroom . night . third FBI man look under the bed , in the closet ... yank clothes aside . at any moment we expect he to find they ... int . live room . night . joe mister : unless you leave right now , I be call the police . first FBI man oh ...jeez ... that 's a scary think . Joe pick up the phone - first FBI man slam it down . first FBI man I marri a cop , okay ? I be not in the mood . Joe accept this . . . but only for the moment . int . garage . night . second FBI man look in the car , under the car ... be not this the logical place for they to hide ??? 41 int . live room . night . third FBI man return from the bedroom emptyhand , start to search the live room : third FBI man I will look around here ? int . kitchen . night . the second FBI man return from the garage , start to search ... we be scared with every cupboard he open that he will find they . int . live room . night . third FBI man search the room . suddenly we go to slim' Pov ... she and Gracie be in a cabinet , look out through a narrow horizontal slit . watch the third FBI man make he way methodically in they direction . first FBI man stand over Joe , keep he silent . Joe watch the third FBI man search the room ... and then Joe blink . move he eye , and look right in slim 's direction . he realize where they must be hide . the third FBI man 's get closer and closer to they ... Joe realize he have to do something . abruptly Joe stand : joe that 's enough . ( very forceful ) you hear I ? it 's time to go . now . ( off first FBI 's. shocked look ) I know who you be , okay ? I know who hire you . first FBI man whirl . suddenly he 's get a knife in he hand . definitely not FBI . put the. knife to Joe 's throat : " first FBI man " yeah ? you know what it feel like to have a knife hit you carotid ? joe ( try not to move ) no . 42 Inside the cabinet , Gracie gasp . slim put a hand over she mouth . but slim herself have to fight the impulse to burst out of there to save Joe - " first FBI man " you know what it 's like to bleed out in less than two minute ? joe no . " third FBI man " ( stop he search ) oh please , John Boy . not the shiv again - " first FBI man " I be just go to cut he a little - slim 's eye bulge - " third FBI man " you be not go to cut he ! " first FBI man " I sure as hell be ! slim 's on the verge of burst out when " second FBI " enter : " second FBI man " John Boy , this be not list on the program . come on , they be not here ; let 's ride . " first FBI man " can not I just - ( cut he a little} " second FBI man " no ! no slice and dice ! they head for the door . as he go , " first FBI man " ( a.k.a. John Boy ) run he knife along the couch , spilling out its content ... . pass the tv set and stab the tube ... .run he knife along the wall , make a vicious scary mark . and they vanish . we hear the door slam . the horizontal band through which slim be look widen - 43 the cabinet door fall open , slim and Gracie come out . Gracie 's cry . slim hug she , say to Joe : slim Jesus , be you okay ? joe I guess . ( feel he neck ) I need a shave , anyway . the phone ring . they look at it . it can not be who they think it be ... it ring again . Joe go to it . hesitates . answer : joe hello ? mitch voice this be Mitch Tyler , Joe . joe hello , yes , how be you ? Joe point at phone : " it 's he . " he nod toward Gracie , indicate slim should take she into the next room . slim do . mitch voice ( calm , friendly ) I assume slim 's call you . Joe think for a split second , then : joe of course . mitch voice will you give she a message ? ( off he silence ) if she call again , I mean . slim and Gracie be in the next room , but slim 's look through the door back at Joe . joe I do not know . I be on she side here , not yours . 44 mitch voice her side ? come on , Joe , you be a smart person . let I say two word , okay ? " lug nut . " you do not want to worry they be loose every time you get in you car . and how ' bout the window to you apartment : be they still lock ? a person could go crazy think about stuff like that . joe Goodbye , Mitch . mitch voice tell she to call she friend . Joe hang up . slim come back out . joe wow. charm . slim he scare you ? Joe shake he head - more at Mitch than in answer to she question . slim { cont . } I should not be here - joe sure you should - slim I be dangerous to know right now . joe ( calm , forceful ) slim . you can be here anytime . she nod . they both know what he 's say : if he 's willing to take this kind of risk , he 's either a very good friend ( which he be ) or he 's still in love with she ( which he be , also ) . joe ( cont . ) oh . he say you should call you friend . slim at the restaurant ? 45 moment later . slim on the phone , listen as the phone ring . and again , again . Joe watch she , concerned . finally : ginny' voice awright already ! orcal slim hey . gin . you okay ? ginny' voice we have to clear the customer out , some ridiculous bomb threat - slim what ? int . " orca " restaurant . night . Ginny on the cordless ; phil work nearby - ginny yeah , right during dinner . like anybody 's gonna bomb a diner in carpenteria . slim' voice what about you and phil , do you - ginny you know phil . he will not leave he ship . we be doin ' cleanup . slim' voice get out . ginny what ? slim' voice I get a bad feel , gin . ginny you get more than a bad feel , hon . you get a bad husband . slim' voice I know ! that 's what I be say ! get phil and get out of there ! nowt 46 ginny all right , all right , take it easy - ( grabbing phil ) let 's go - phil the police be - ginny ( head out the door ) screw the police , we be outta here . slim' voice run , okay ? t Ginny ?! runt ext . " orca . " night . they step out . the restaurant be at the end of a long pier . Ginny turn skeptically to the overweight phil - ginny can you run ? phil like Michael Jackson ! as they sprint , sort of , toward the boardwalk : ginny it 's Michael Johnson , phil . phil I know . but I run like Michael Jackson . and he kind of do : arm flail , not quite connect to he body . just as when we be enjoy this comic sight - explosion behind they - they be throw toward camera - debris fly everywhere - they lie on the. ground . not move . be they dead or just stunne ? slowly they raise they head . blink . look back at the restaurant : start to go up in flame . 47 int . joe' apartment . night . slim hold she phone . peculiar expression on she face . slim the line go dead . Joe stare at she , concerned . she press redial , and we hear the phone start to ring ... she - go to the window , part the curtain : outside in the street , the FBI men sit in they car - no answer on the phone . slim look at Joe and shake she head : this be not good . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET . day . slim walk a crowded street , carry Gracie ; transamerica pyramid in the b.g. san francisco . slim go down a alley behind a convert warehouse , enter a basement garage . int . office loft . day . one floor , lot of window , lot of attractive young people in jeans work on lot of different project . sign on the wall say : v.c.v.c. viet cong venture Capital . a blond girl , 24 , nudge jupiter slakowski ( 52 , ponytail , handsome , confident ) : blonde girl hey jupe . girl here say she 's you daughter . Jupiter give slim and Gracie a skeptical look . slim I know you do not want to see I or know about I , but I be desperate , I have nowhere else to go ... I need you belg ! ( off he blank look ) you want I dead ? he shrug affably and lead she into he office - jupiter it 's a good gig . to claim I be you father ? what year be you bear ? 48 slim you be my dad , Jupiter . when Mom die , I write you , you do not answer . I do not have enough money to bury she , that be really fun . jupiter do not look at I , I do not kill she . slim no , you have help . jupiter that 's a stupid thing to say . what do you want , money ?. slim I think you should meet you granddaughter . jupiter ( perfunctory , to Gracie ) hi. Gracie look at he skeptically , nod . slim and yes , we need money . to survive . jupiter look sweetheart . from ' 68 to like ' 72 , I have maybe 5 kid . different woman . it be like a joke to I . Â€¢ slim it 's like a joke to I too . jupiter you be the third to show up here with a hand out . I give all of you the same thing . ( take it from he wallet ) six buck . enough for a sandwich . for you , it 's ' twelve , you can buy the kid a sandwich too . slim ( stunne ... } well . now I know . jupiter yeah . 49 slim use to be if I do something nasty , my temper get the better of I ? , I would wonder where the hell it come from . thanks for clear that up . jupiter no problem . she go , leave the $ 12 on the table . he pocket it . CUT to : ext . san francisco alley . day . slim stand behind Jupiter 's building . in the shadow . still carry Gracie . it 's only after we hear Gracie - gracie do not cry , Mom . please do not cry . - that we realize slim be cry . gracie ( cont . ) you have mtgi . beat . CUT to : ext . train station . santa barbara . night . slim and Gracie climb off the train and be immediately shepherd away by two swarthy men in Hawaiian shirt - slim wait . wait . what be you ...? who be you ...? gracie ( worried ) mommy ? one of the swarthy Men speak to slim , but in the flurry , we can not hear it . she look relieved , turn to Gracie - - but before slim can speak , they bag be throw in the trunk of a car and they be push into the back seat - the car speed off , whip into a left-hand turn - 50 ext . santa barbara . another STREET . night . now the car make a right -hand turn , and a truck pull out , block traffic so no one can follow they - int . car . night . slim look out the back , see the truck 's maneuver . turn to face forward again . tries to meet the Driver 's eye . slim hello ? where be we go ? the Driver answer she in a Middle - Eastern language . Gracie look alarmed . slim it 's okay , sweetheart , they be friend of phil 's . ( I think . ) ext . motel in the wood . night . J Gracie play as slim talk to Ginny and phil . the car 's park below . phil gesture toward the Driver , who 'e stand guard . phil .so secret we do not even know who this man be or where he take you . slim nod . slim you be not afraid to help I ? phil in my country people bleed they enemy to death out of they genitals . a fire ? this be for roasting lamb . ginny no letter , slim , but you can call US - phil must be very short . 51 slim nod . phil ceremonially hand she a thin envelope . she look inside ... and clearly find money - slim no . phil , wait a minute , I - phil I have insurance from fire - slim I know , but - phil ( very firmly ) I will not discus , okay ? we be family ! she nod . gratefully . Ginny take she hand . beat . slim what about the police ? the fire . do they - phil Mr. Mitch - of course - he have beautiful alibi . slim nod again . look at Ginny ... who 's be work up to : ginny you know , I keep have a bad idea . the first time he hit you , we see you bruise . second time , he beat you unconscious . the next time ? well . if you should fight back , defend yourself , and he die ? who would convict you ? who would prosecute ? phil this be american law ?? l ginny I call my cousin , he 's some shit - for-brain lawyer over in tarzana , he say it 's 2 - 1 she would walk : self - defense , justifiable homicide . slim 2 ? that 's good on a race-horse , gin , but for Gracie ? , to lose both parent ? besides , this be I , i could not kill anybodyl 52 ginny we be talk about Mitch here . slim even so . I be not that kind of person , okay ? Ginny nod reluctantly . she 's not sure the subject be close . CUT to : new leaf flash ( like the credit sequence ) microfiche , newspaper death notice , " Erin shleeter , 6 week . " slim at county recorder' desk : slim yes , I lose my birth certificate - birth certificate for Erin shleeter in slim 's hand - social security card , in she hand - driver' license , with slim 's photo : she hair 's a different color and she wear glass . the name be Erin shleeter , . dress shop : new clothes , new outfit , new look , new slim - int . large drab house . day . " Erin " &amp ; Gracie be lead by mustapha ( 40 ) past quasi - homeless arab ; , finally end in a corner of a large room where two small mattress lie on the floor . somewhere in Colorado . mustapha I be sorry , this be the best we can - slim ! " erin " it 's fine , thanks . mustapha shrug apologetically , leave . Gracie whisper : gracie Mom ... who be all that people ? slim / " erin " they be kind of ... friend of phil 's . gracie ( stare at she mother ) they be stranger . 53 int . double " a " rent-a-car . back room . day . mustapha work at one desk , " Erin " at another . Gracie on the floor , coloring . bore . prompt a look from " Erin " - " erin " look . I have to find the right place and get you admit , okay ? int . drab house . night . 15 people be serve from a large pot . " Erin " and Gracie each get a good portion of something that look quite unusual . " erin " thank you . gracie thank you . ( look at it , whisper ) what j it ? " erin . " food . int . double " a " rent-a-car . day . " Erin " work at she desk . Gracie shoot paper basketball - into the wastebasket .. stop as mustapha enter . he give " Erin " a open fedex pack . mustapha fedex be like underground railroad . " Erin " be stunne . she look inside the package , find another fedex pack . open that . Inside it be a wrap present and note . she read : jupiter's voice " dear daughter - ( cont . ) int . jupiter's office . day . Jupiter 's at he desk as the three " FBI men " be show in . he say something gracious to they . for. a moment they do not respond . then one of they speak . 54 whatever he 's say produce a subtle but profound change on Jupiter 's feature . jupiter's voice ( cont . ) yesterday three man threaten to kill I if I help you in any way . fortunately for you , this arouse my interest . ( cont . ) int . double " a " rent-a-car . day . " Erin " open the present and find : Cash . fifty . probably a couple thousand dollar . she fight the impulse to cry . jupiter's voice ( cont . ) I be send this via you former boss . if you get it and need more , leave word at my office . jupiter " CUT to : ext . / int . SMALL pretty house . day . flash : arab Men carry in a couch as " Erin " watch . " Erin " hang sheet over the window : makeshift curtain . " Erin " fix Gracie 's room . small bed . two new teddy bear . " erin " what do you think , you like this place ? gracie ( suspiciously ) why , be we move again ? " erin " no , we just - ( get here ) gracie good . ' Cause I be sick and tired to death of movingi " erin " I too . so here 's the deal . try to remember , . while we be here , to call I Mom or Erin , but not slim , okay ? 55 gracie I never call you slim . " erin " I know , but ... gracie I do not think you be that slim . " erin " thanks a lot . gracie do I get a new name too ? " erin " I guess . if you want one ... Gracie stare at she blankly . gracie I have a crood idea . CUT to : ext . pre -school . day . " Erin " approach betty , director of the pre-school : " erin " Excuse I , Betty ? hi , I be Erin shleeter , I call you - betty oh , hi - " erin " this be my daughter . betty ( to gracie ) look at you ! , you be so ... ( cute ) what 's you name ? gracie Queen Elizabeth . Betty blink . " Erin " shrug : that 's my daughter ! CUT to : 56 int . double " a " rent-a-car . bathroom . day . scissor . " Erin " cut she hair in some odd primitive way that further change she look . for the worse . int . double " a " rent-a-car . back room . day . t.t. ( the African - american woman who work there ) watch " Erin " exit the bathroom and put away the scissors . not a compliment : t.t. whatever you be goin ' for , girl : you be really get there . CUT to : int . car . morning . " Erin " drive , nervous . Gracie / " Queen E. " " be turn around in she seat , look out the back - gracie / " queen elizabeth " he be not - " erin " yes , he be - gracie / " " queen elizabeth " Mom , he turn . " erin " he turn ? ( look in rear view ) oh my God , you be right . he turn . Wells ( that 's better . ) " queen elizabeth " that 's what I have be say . there be other car , okay ? just ' cause somebody 's behind you do not mean - ( stop ... blink ... ) Mom ? you just drive past my school . CUT to : ext . double " a " rent-a-car . evening . " Erin " and " Queen E. " leave work , bicker : 57 " erin " I do not know , I can cook something . " queen elizabeth " or we can go to McDonalds . " erin " we can not afford to eat out every night . I can cook , tootster . " Queen E. " roll she eye as : brad hi. ( off she blank look ) I be Brad Zall , I just rent a car from you guy . " Erin " stare at he . a insane moment of sustained paranoia . who be this guy , . really ? what do he want ? finally she realize a normal response be require . kind of a trick question : " erin " be the vehicle all right ? brad yeah , it 's fine . I be just think that if you be not do anything , maybe I could buy you - and the kid of course - " erin " who be you ?! who send you ?! you want a date ?! you be totally out of you mind if you think I be gonna have even this conversation we be have right now ! I be not , okay ?! we be not talk ! get it ?! brad yeah , I get it . and good luck with you psychotherapy . he walk away . she stare after he . again " Queen E. " be look at she mother in astonishment . sup 58 " erin " ( still aggressive ) what ? you be think I over - react ? huh ? just a little ? CUT to : int . " erin be " taurus . day . " Erin " drive too fast . her slight recklessness add a undercurrent of anxiety to the scene . she 's also eat doughnut , share a box with she daughter . they pass a gas station . " Queen E. " see pay phone . " queen elizabeth " you know Mom ? I like the doughnut and all , but the drive ... " erin " do not get on my case . " queen elizabeth " every Sunday , to drive for 55 hour ? in exasperation , " Erin " gesture with both hand - take they off the wheel . nothing bad happen , but again she recklessness make we nervous - " erin " it 's not 55 - " queen elizabeth " just to reach some phone booth ?! hey can I call daddy this time ?! please ??? please please please ... " Erin " shake she head . " Queen E. " give she a mournful look . " erin " do not beg . you look like a dog . CUT to : ext . country store . day . " Erin " be on the phone , " Queen E. " at she side . " erin " Mrs. Tyler ? it 's slim . 59 mrs . tyler' voice oh thank god. listen . Mitch be plan some legal action , you be deprive he of he rights as a father , some nonsense like that : you better have Gracie call he . " erin " oh that 's good news - mrs . tyler' voice I think you would want to know - " erin " I do , thanks , I appreciate it . listen : we have to keep it short again or he might trace it , so I better put she on - ( hand phone to : ) " queen elizabeth " hi grandma ! I have a new name ! ( as " Erin " frown ... ) yeah ! you wanna hear it ? " Erin " push down the lever , end the call , mutter : " erin " sorry , you majesty . remember : names're secret . " Queen E. " nod . put on she mournful look ... " erin " that be the most pitiful expression I have ever see . close on " queen elizabeth " she listen , cradling the phone . " Erin " watch she daughter 's face light up : " queen elizabeth " hi daddy ! we be have a great vacation ! ( pause ) I do not know . at a phone booth somewhere . " Erin " shake she head , take the receiver away : 60 " erin " no question , okay ? , or it end now . ( hand phone back to " Queen E . " : ) just tell he you love he and say goodbye , okay ? " Queen E. " nod , put the receiver to she ear . even " Erin " can hear Mitch yell ... " Queen E. " 's face change . Mitch keep shouting angrily . " queen elizabeth " Goodbye daddy . she do not say " I love you . " she hand " Erin " the receiver . " Erin " hang it up . " queen elizabeth " I be really really sad . " Erin " nod , angry at herself : " erin " sorry , kid . my mistake . CUT to : int . fancy office . day . Mitch hand up he cordless phone , pick up another line . mitch I know mine be ( too ) short , but she make other call , right ? Ginny ? , or my mother ? he cross to a map with color pin . stick in another one - mitch ( cont . ) good. good . keep it up . ( hang up , go to intercom : ) be not he here yet ? great , yeah , send he in . to we shock , the person who enter be the man previously know as " we hero . " robbie ( real name ) and Mitch be good buddy : mitch hey . robbie hey . 61 mitch look , will you tell what 's he face , Lieutenant Harris : I buy he miata , I pay for he rec room , can he please keep he patrolmen from hassling my guy ? robbie you get I on a Sunday , for that ? ( joke ) I could be out shaking down wetback . mitch I do not bring you for that . robbie her ? ( off Mitch ' 's nod ) I tell you not to be a asshole . mitch yeah , but come from you ... robbie we have rule , okay ? the rescue routine - like in the diner ? it always work , ' cause we say : one time only . you come , then you go . but you end up marrying the bitchl mitch I know where she be , Robbie . more or less . robbie that 's a bless . mitch I need you to find she . take you vacation - ( as Robbie roll he eye ) I will make it worth you while , and I will fix it with the department - robbie ( drily ) thanks . thanks a lot . mitch who else be I gonna get ? huh ? she steal my fuck childl 62 C ; robbie okay , okay . ease it up . mitch ( walk to map , pin ) she make call from this place - robbie she 's that stupid ? you trace she ? mitch she 's not stupid , okay ? it say on the Net it take 84 second to trace a call ; she keep hers well under . ( smile ) of course - you equipment be faster . robbie you be welcome , you be welcome ... mitch ( draw on map ) okay : say she life within a two hour radius ... CUT to : int . " erin be " house . kitchen . night . " Erin " and " Queen E. " eat pasta . the sauce be unusual color , grey and orange . " Queen E. " poke politely at she plate . " Erin " be understandably insecure about she cooking : " erin " what do you think , be it okay ? it 's okay , right ? " Queen E. " nod dubiously . " erin " ( cont . ) no , it 's not , it 's horrible . " queen elizabeth " it 's not horrible , Mom . " erin " but it 's not good , be it ? be it good ? " queen elizabeth " ( incredulous ) ( good ? ? ) Mom , you taste it . 63 " Erin " push she plate back . it 's too much . in a second , silent tear be flooding down she face . this be not what " Queen E. " want to see . and she certainly do not want to reverse role by give comfort . better just to pretend it 's not happen . " queen elizabeth " know what I think ? " erin " ( try to pull herself together ) what 's that ? " queen elizabeth " I think you miss daddy . this comment be so wacko that it 's almost touch . almost . she feel compel to be honest : " erin " daddy yell at I , toot . " Queen E. " nod . thinks ... " queen elizabeth " well . you miss somebody . CUT to : not all men be head int . sante fe airport . day . Joe get off a plane with he carry - on luggage , go to a bank of pay phone , examine the number on the phone ... another bank of pay phone . minute later . when one of this phone ring , he pick it up - joe sorry , my plane be delay - ext . roadside stand . pay phone . day . " Queen E. " be hit stone with a baseball bat as " Erin " talk on the phone : 64 " erin " Rent a car , make sure you be not follow , drive to the taos airport . joe' voice another plane ?? " erin " in taos , go to Starbucks . not the main one or the one by hagen -daz . the one near the book store . int . santa fe airport . day . Joe shake he head , amused : joe what be this , a treasure hunt ? I be gonna spend the whole weekend fly around ? " erin be " voice I will call Starbucks in three hour . ( reassuring he : ) do not worry , you will be here by four . dialtone . he hang up . CUT to : int . SMALL airport . day . " Erin " and " Queen E. " look out the window at a small prop plane , which be start to unload passenger . " erin " I tell you it 's this one . " queen elizabeth " no , he 's not . he 's with ... she 's look at some other passengers who have already enter through another gate and be walk past they . " erin " no , toot . that one 's from reno . ( turn back , see he ) there ! Joel she wave . " Queen E. " wave too . Joe wave back . 65 but that 's not what we be look at . we be . look at Robbie : walk slowly toward they with the other reno passenger . he do not see " Erin " , but in a moment he will . he will turn the dogleg corner and be right next to they ... Robbie pull out he board pass . with it be old photo of " Erin " and " Queen e.11 . he shuffles past the photo , find he claim check . he 's now only a few foot away from they ... and they be oblivious of he ... and he turn the little dogleg and look at they - except they be no longer there . they have move toward the unload area for Joe 's gate ... and Robbie go safely past as Joe enter the terminal , see they , shake he head : joe I can guarantee one thing in my lifetime : I be not follow . he embrace " Erin " and " Queen E . " " the camera look past they to where Robbie might be watch . he 's not . CUT to : int / ext . there taurus / MAIN STREET , SMALL town . day . " Erin " and " Queen E. " be point out sight , pass a old fashioned diner : " erin " and there 's the diner where I do not work . joe where do you work ? " Erin " give he a look : she 's not tell . she resume the tour , point to a old crumble " movie palace : " ' " erin " there 's the one-plex . ( point again at a not -too -fancy place ) the â‚¬an restaurant where you would take I if we be dating ... ( for " Queen e.19 which we be not . 66 very fast , like a old routine ; we see how they play together : joe no way . " erin " not at all . joe just friend , right Gracie ? " queen elizabeth " Queen Elizabeth . joe right . sorry , you highness . " queen elizabeth " no problem . " Erin " pull up in front of they house , gesture : here it be . int . " erin be " house . hall . day . continue the tour , they be show he : " erin " and this be the guest bedroom ... ( cont . ) int . " queen elizabeth be " room . evening . he come in , look around . clearly " Queen E. " have paint the wall herself : it 's a " modern - art " mesa . " erin " ( cont . ) .normally know as Buckingham palace . joe ( nod , check it out ) very ... colorful . " erin " you better warn he , huh ? " Queen E. " look confuse . " Erin " whisper in she daughter 's ear , and she confide in Joe : 67 " queen elizabeth " oh yeah . the dream in here get really noisy . Joe set he suitcase down . joe I look forward to that . CUT to : ext . park . day . Baseball diamond . Joe pitching underhand to " Queen E . " he 's use plastic ball the size of soccer ball , so it 's easy for she to hit every one . " Erin " be run , retrieve the hit . freeze frame as she 's catch in a photograph . the image unfreeze and be follow quickly by a series of freeze frame , photograph of she , some wide , some tight . reverse image . the park . mostly empty . no one take they picture . a stand of green bush . hold on the bush for a moment - ext . park . a hour later . " Queen E. " be curl on a blanket take a nap as " Erin " and Joe finish the picnic . joe you seem like you be do great . " erin " yeah . joe how long can you stand it ? ( off she look ) I mean : not to talk to you friend or family or have anything to do with you real life ? 68 " erin " ( quiet , strong ) Gracie be safe . joe yeah , but what , now Mitch start some kind of custody battle ? , what doe - robbie be you denise ? SHOCK . there he be , stand right over they , in bad clothes and a baseball cap , dark glass . completely unrecognizable . " erin " pardon I ? robbie you be denise , right ? use to work at the pack ' not ship ? " erin " I be not denise . robbie oh. sorry , I ... you look - but you be right , you voice ... ( be not ) you be not from New Zealand , be you ? " erin " never be there . robbie Boy . sorry to bother you folk . he back away , embarrassed . Joe stare after he warily ... joe what now ? we call pack ' N ' ship , see if denise ever - ( work there ) " erin " because of some homeless guy ? Joe : it could be the pack 'n ' ship in trenton , New Jersey . ( over he protest ) one thing I learn : I can not jump every time someone say boo . I can not do that to she . 69 Joe look at " Queen E. " and nod . CUT to : ext . " erin be " house . night . look peaceful . but why do we need this establish shot ? its very existence in the narrative be menace . int . " erin be " house . night . Joe get up from " Queen E. 's " bed and go into the kitchen . get some juice from the fridge , drink it . look into " Erin 's " bedroom . " Erin " be awake , " Queen E. " asleep at she side . half - whisper : joe Gracie be right . ( off she look ) ' Bout the dream in there . " erin " yeah , mine too . ( beat ) cuddle ? int . " erin be " bedroom . night . as he get into bed : " erin " you remember the house rule ? joe with Gracie here ? who can forget ? they hold hand . " erin " Joe . joe yeah . " erin " you ever think about what would have happen ... ( if you and I have ... ) 70 joe yeah . " erin " what do you think ? beat . joe I think Gracie be truly a great kid , and any path that do not include she do not make any sense . " Erin " nod . beat . " erin " Ginny tell I about that weekend . joe of you wedding ? she nod . joe she tell you how terrible I be ? " erin " Joe . this routine ? it might work on other people , but you forget : I have actually have you - joe I do not forget - " erin " ( like a compliment 's come ) - and I be tell you , from memory ... ( dry tease ) you be not that bad ... they both laugh . it subside into affection ... " erin " you really go tomorrow ...? he nod . " erin " ( cont . ) could not you quit you job , and stay here and play the horse or something and become independently wealthy ? 71 beat . joe please kiss I , slim . I know we be not suppose to , it 's against house rule and all , but for I to come all this way and feel the way I do and for we to not even - she kiss he - and he kiss back . and they stop . incredible self control . lie next to each other -hold hand again ... joe you be a great person , slim . you be a great person just like you daughter . she squeeze he hand . the camera linger for a moment on this sweet image ... clasped hand ... then pull suddenly back , so we be see they hand from outside , through a crack in the window . hold . CUT to : you can run 's 's ext . preschool . day . from a odd distance across the street , we watch " Erin " drop off " Queen E . " extend the mundane detail of this transaction ... three day later int . double " a " rent-a-car . day . t.t. stick she head in , to " Erin " : t.t. I know you have a " back room " gig , but with sher out , four customer : I need help here ; I be on meltdown . 72 ext . double " a " rent-a-car . day . we look . past a tree , through the window ... as " Erin " come warily out to the counter , look over the customer ... int . double a rent-a-car . counter . later . day . " Erin " work a calculator , mutter in frustration ... t.t. here , lemme do that . as t.t. wrestle with the calculation , " Erin " look up . frown slightly , she eye shift ... she sense something . this strange sensation , as if she 's be watch , or ... she look out the window , do not see anyone ... glance into the back office - and notice the clock : 4:15 . " erin " ( run for door ) oh my godl , the Queen be out of dance class ! I will be back in 20 - ext . double " a " rent-a-car . day . we watch from across the street as " Erin " hurry to she Taurus , get in and drive away . ext . pre -school . day . " Erin " in line for pick -up . Betty the pre-school director come up to " Erin " and say casually : betty Erin . I be glad you be here . we can not find Queen Elizabeth - " erin " you can not find she ??! betty so many kid be stay for this after-school thing - she turn , distract , as another teacher call - 73 n " Erin " blink ... look around frantically ... other kide in gym or dance gear , but no " Queen E. " ... and the knowledge of what 's happen be hit she ... she eyes're dilating , breathe become frantic . Betty turn back as " Erin " mutter : " erin " I should have ! ... I should have know ! , he do it before ! she ram the car in gear , rocket out of the pick - up line - almost hit a teacher and 4 year old kid - slam the break , call : " erin " I be sorry , I be sorry , I ... I ... freak out , frantic , she pull to the side of the road , yank up she brake , grab she cell phone . auto-dial # 2. t.t.'s voice double " a " Rent " erin " do Queen Elizabeth call ?! t.t.'s voice no , of course - ( not ) " erin " anyone else ?! t.t.'s voice nobody call , Erin ; be you - ( okay ? ) " Erin " press stop , then auto-dial # 1 , wait , look around . Betty stare at she like she 's crazy , walk toward she car - " erin be " voice hi. leave a message . " erin " Gracie , be you there ?! be anyone there ?! please ? pick up ! no one pick up . silence . she beat the wheel in frustration ... lower she head . for one long second , she seem completely beat ... 74 a knock on she window - she look up , see Betty . Betty 's talk , but it 's as if " Erin " have go crazy . for a moment there 's no sound , and then the sound be there but unintelligible , and finally the word and sound come together : betty . what I have be try to tell you ... " Erin " nodd now , beginning to grasp the word ... betty ( cont . ) at the end of dance class , the teacher let they go hide , and for a minute no one could find she - " Erin " look past Betty , see " Queen E. " in she tutu and leap out of she car - " erin " thank you , thank you , I ... I be sorry . I will explain later , I ... she rush forward , wrap " Queen E. " in a big , not quite appropriate hug . " Queen E. " look at she as if to say , " this be nice , Mom , but will you please tell I what give ? " CUT to : ext . rent-a-car . night . from a distance , we watch " Erin " and " Queen E. " trudge toward they Taurus . the end of the day ; they be tired . CUT to : int . " erin be " house . kitchen . might . make meat loaf . " Erin " consult the cookbook , seem confuse , put meat , breadcrust , egg , sauce , onion , etc . in a bowl . " Queen E. " moosh they with she finger - a disgusting tactile job which she adore . improvise dialog to make the scene utterly mundane , two " girl " have fun ... the normalness of it make we exceedingly nervous . int . " erin be " house . night . " Queen E. " sleep peacefully in she bed . 75 " Erin " also sleep peacefully . we observe she from a slight distance , to the leave of the bed as we face it . slowly the camera begins to move . . . down the bed ...to the foot ...to the other side .. . back again on " Erin " sleep peacefully ... and the camera rise to show Mitch seat at she side . he seem calm and utterly content . it would be , hard to imagine a more terrifying attitude . int . her bedroom . dawn . " Erin " wake with a start , sit up , look around - everything 's normal . peaceful . no Mitch . " Erin " shake she head , as if clear away a dream . as she look again around the room , she nostril flare slightly . . .as if she smell he . she rub she nose . touches she wrist , and we notice something she 's wear the whole time she 's be Erin : a colorful elastic bracelet , probably a swatch . she get out of bed and look out the window - cold morning - she go toward the hall ... int . hall . day . move down the hall ... each open door feel like a trap ready to spring ... she glance into " Queen Elizabeth 's " room ... we half expect some sort of reaction or exclamation - " Queen E. " may be go - but instead " Erin " keep right on go ... vanish into the bathroom . hold the empty hall . hear the sound of she pee ... int . bathroom . day . from the doorway , we see she on the potty ... the window over she head be open slightly . 76 as she pee , she stare at the shower curtain - it rustle slightly in the wind from the window . she wipe herself . still stare at the curtain ... she stand , pull up she pajamas ... stare . yank the shower curtain aside - nothing . int . hall . day . she go into the kitchen . int . kitchen . day . she put on the kettle . drink a little o.3 from a carton . walk back down the hall - in every moment of this , the tension be excruciate ... int . hall . day . facing she as she come down the hall , pass the live room doorway .. .we wait for Mitch to leap out at she - he do not . she keep come , past " Queen E 's - he jump out of the doorway - " Erin " start to scream , look toward " Queen E. " and stifles the sound . they wrestle . silently . grim pantomime . the only sound be grunt , banging versus . the wall . he 's far too strong for she - they slam against one wall , the other , crash to the floor - 77 mitch wanna know a secret ? whisper to she , he hand move to she neck ... mitch ( cont . ) cop need a body . without you body , they will think you disappear again . her hand at he hand , claw , try to pry they loose - mitch { cont .} which be kind of true . one of she hand move - away from he hand to that swatch or whatever it be on she wrist - mitch ( cont . ) ' Cause where you be go , they will never ... ever ... find you . she turn the gizmo so it point away from she face ... toward he face ... at the last instant he realize what she must be do - but it 's too late . she press a button - Orange spray hit he face , eye - he scream and release she - she leap up - and see " Queen E. " stand in she doorway . stare , mute and horrify . how long be she watch ?! " Erin " grab " Queen E. " and run down the hall . Mitch writhes on the floor - ext . " erin be " house . dawn . " Erin " burst out the back door , whirl , pull a rope - - cause a slab of 2 - by - 4 to slide over the door : primitive lock device - she sprint for she Taurus . still in she pajamas , still carry " Queen E . " - her car have a number pad on the driver 's door . she punch number , open the door , put " Queen E. " in - 78 pull a key from under the mat - fire the car up , rocket away - down the block , so far back we be not even sure it mean anything , a chevy suburban pull away from the curb ... ext . / int . mall / taurus dawn . park in back , near dumpster . " Erin " jump out of the Taurus , run around to the trunk , pull out a small suitcase . moment later . " Erin " and " Queen E. " pull clothes from the suitcase , get dress . a frantic blur of pajamas and underwear and suitcase and the last thing we expect to see : knock at the window . Robbie . " Erin " whirl , look . for a instant time slow as she stare at he ... flashback to the diner , he face : she recognize he - and realize : he 's with Mitch . which mean : Mitch be phony from the moment she meet he - Robbie reach for she door handle - she ram the accelerator , leave Robbie behind - the car rocket forward , toward the dumpster - she spin the wheel ; the car swerve , kiss off the dumpster - Robbie run for he car , and now we see the chevy suburban , hide behind some nearby bush - the Taurus pogo over the concrete / grass divider , rocket across the next parking lot ... Robbie jump into he suburban - " Erin " half in , half out of she clothing , try to drive , try to see , stick out she arm to keep " Queen E . " ( not in she seatbelt ) from fly through the windshield . " erin " seatbelti seatbelti put on you - 79 " queen elizabeth " ( try to put it on ) then slow down so I - " erin " I can not slow ' - " queen elizabeth " who be that guy ?! " erin " ( look in rear-view ) I do not know , some ... ( see Robbie chase they ) oh shit ... ext . CITY . morning . Three brief flash of - " Erin " be chase out of the city . freak out to drive so fast , " Queen E. " scream , etc . ext . country road . morning . Robbie 's suburban right behind they , closer , closer ... finally slam into they Taurus , knock they half off the road . he push they off again , again , " Queen E. " cover she eye , " Erin " come back onto the road , fight to keep control , and the road narrowing more and more , down to one tight lane . this look like totally the wrong place to be lead someone . " queen elizabeth " ( worried ) Mom ? up ahead be a one - lane cover bridge crossing over a stream . the bridge be very narrow . " queen elizabeth " Mom , be you sure ...?! quite sure , thank you . " Erin " gun the accelerator . Robbie 's face ... drive , confident , full of blood lust , and then he expression change . eye widen . he realize - shit ! too late !! - that the bridge be way too narrow for - " Erin " be car slide through , scraping one side the suburban crash into the bridge , careen into the water - 80 " Queen E. " look back through the rear view mirror ... look at she mother ... back and forth ... " queen elizabeth " that be dangerous . int . car . morning different country road . park ahead be a `78 oldsmobile . " Erin " pull in behind it . they get out of the Taurus . use she key , " Erin " unlock the trunk of the old . two large suitcase inside . " Erin " throw they small suitcase in on top . " Erin " reach up under the driver 's seat and pull out a wallet . check the content : cash , credit card . " Queen E. " pull a red wig out of the glove compartment . int . oldsmobile . morning . they be on a lightly travel two - lane highway . " Erin " ( now a redhead ) look in she rear-view mirror : no car . " erin " okay , toot . we can talk . " Queen E. " stare at she mutely . " erin " { cont .} want I to tell you what happen ? " Queen E. " blink twice , shake she head . " erin " { cont .} Fair enough . one thing , though : Erin 's over . " queen elizabeth " ( too bad . } I like Erin . slim nod sadly : she like Erin too . slim you be not the Queen of England anymore either . Gracie nod fatalistically , stare out the window . flat voice : 81 gracie I be hungry . CUT to : int . diner . day . Gracie eat voraciously . slim have no appetite . they waitress come over , notice slim 's not eat - waitress everything okay here ? slim ( nods ) thanks . waitress ( to gracie ) hey there , cutie , what 's you name ? Gracie look up at she for a while . gracie I be work on that one . the waitress do a double - take and leave . to slim : gracie { cont . ) maybe something normal this time . Ann or Mary or ... ( see slim be distract ) Mom ? slim I be think . beat . gracie ( yeah , ) I can hear it . CUT . to : ext . courthouse . day . slim park . as she start to get out , she say to Gracie : slim anybody talk to you , hit the horn . 82 int . courthouse . day . slim in line at a county recorder be desk . the person in front of she leave , she step up : slim I need the best lawyer in town . ( quickly ) I know you can not give name , it 's against the law or whatever , but I really need help , and I can see you be a decent person . she slide a paper and pencil across the desk : slim ( cont . ) please . just a name . int . nice lawyer' office . reception area . day . slim come in , sit Gracie down and whisper : slim watch how it 's do . 117 slim go to the receptionist 's desk : slim hi. be Mr. toiler with someone ? receptionist no , but he 's - slim I be not a crazy person . she walk past the receptionist - receptionist wait a minute ! you can not slim open the big door , enter : int . jim toller' office . day . the moment we see jim toiler we know slim 's okay . the actor play he be one of that cranky avuncular type who piss and moan but always come to the rescue and outsmart the bad guy . as we expect , he start out dislike she : 83 jim toller I do not know where you learn manners , young lady , but this be not the way to get my attention . slim I know , but I be desperate . ( digging into purse ) my husband keep try to kill I , and I need to talk to somebody who 's smart , okay ? , smarter than I at least . ( pull out cash ) this be all the money I have - well , all but twenty - it 's almost 500 , and I will give you all of it if you ' will just listen to what ... ( happen ) ... just two minute , okay ? please ? she 's so charming and intense and discombobulate , he can not help but give in . dissolve to : later . he 's stare at she . good poker player ; we can tell nothing from he expression . his voice very quiet and calm : jim toller pardon my french , dear , but I hope you get pleasure from it , ' cause you have really fuck yourself . you have two chance to file a complaint with the police and put he violence on record . you ignore they . which tell he to keep comin ' till he kill you . slim react to this . jim toller ( cont . ) as for Gracie : he next move ... he will initiate a custody hearing . slim he ...he already do . 84 jim toller if you do not show up , the judge will rule against you , you become a fugitive from the law . if you do show , Mitch will , as you say , portray you as a drug addict . for all I know you be one : you break in here , uninvite . I would say you husband have a good chance for sole custody . now if you do not mind : ( push the money back at she ) I would like to go back to my work . slim ( stare at he in disbelief ) . that 's all ? ( off he silence ) you be not gonna help I ? jim toller no one can help you , lady . she nod . stare at he . and do not go . after a moment we see he have a think ... hesitate ... look up at she ... jim toller the custody hearing , if he push for it , be just a trick . she say nothing . listen . watch as : he pluck a $ 20 bill from she stack of fund . obviously he 's give she a valuable piece of advice : jim toller ( cont . ) it 's a way to get you to a particular place at a particular time ... so he can kill you . he pocket the $ 20 . she stare at he . blink . of course . he 's right ...- CUT to : int . oldsmobile . night . late . few car . slim drive . Gracie curl up in the front passenger seat . slim glance at she . look back at the road . back at Gracie . something building . finally , softly : 85 slim I gotta make you a solemn promise , Grace . Gracie be , of course , fast asleep . slim ( cont . ) ever since you be bear ... well - one day I start to think of all the awful thing that be gonna happen . people you would love who would die , or leave you , betray you , break you heart ... . physical injury : break bone or sickness or guy who hurt you some way ... and I think that if I could protect you even once , from any of that , if I could absorb any part of that myself ... ( beat ) well ... here go . CUT to : int . airport . day . Ginny come off a plane with she two kid . in tow , look around , head for a bank of telephone ... as she approach , one of the phone start to ring . Ginny look at it with irritation , pick it up - ginny this be the most ridiculous thing I have ever do . slim' voice oh yeah ? how ' bout Horace ? Ginny glance at one of she kid , evidently Horace 's child . ginny okay , this be the second most - slim' voice Rent a car , drive to Denver , then fly to reno . ginny you be out of you mind . I 86 slim' voice ( as though flatter ) you notice . dialtone . we watch from a distance as Ginny shake she head in disbelief , mutter to she kid . as they trudge off , the camera follows . int . airport . rental car counter . day . from the same distance : Ginny and kid approach the counter . int . airport parking garage . rent-a-car area . day . Ginny load luggage into the back as she kid climb in . as Ginny slam the trunk , someone's right there - slim . Ginny blink , recognize she , hug she : ginny what be you ... ( do here ? ) I think we be ... ( drive to reno ) slim I have to make sure you be not follow . ginny ( be slim 's hair ) I like it . ( not so sure ) maybe . ( sees gracie ) hey , graceland . Gracie slip out from behind slim , go and hug Ginny as slim hold up a wallet : slim there 's a credit card and cash . it 's on I , but make no call home , or to phil . think of it as a vacation till the orca reopen . toot ? 87 this to Gracie , who start to climb into the car . Gracie look at slim and again try to climb in - she want }}g part of say goodbye - but slim pull she back into a hug . slim hold she for as long as Gracie can possibly tolerate . when slim be do , Gracie climb into the car with Ginny 's kid . slim have tear in she eye . slim take care of she , okay ? extra ice - cream and ... and if you need to reach I ... ( hand she a cell phone ) just do not call you friend . ginny oh great . I will call stranger . slim in a emergency , I be # 1 on the auto - dialer . or I will call you . any call between we must run be second or less . cake ? ginny pie - slim ass . ( be the vacation ) enjoy it , huh ? ginny how long ? slim the custody hearing 's end of next month . that 's my deadline . ginny deadline for what ? slim look at she ... CUT to : we're so close we can't tell what we're looking at . camera slowly pull back : eye ... slim' eye . intense , focuss . 88 the knowledge man' voice you ready ? she nod . camera continue back , we see more of she face . man' voice sure ? another nod . perspiration stream from she pore , run down she face . and a look we have not see before . man' voice can you lose ? she shake she head . man' voice can he hurt you ? she barely dignify the question with another shake . we be now far enough back to see we be : int . gym . day . slim in a leotard . man' voice even though he 's bigger ? slim ( v. quiet ) he 's a lot bigger . man' voice even though he 's stronger ? finally see she instructor ( 6'4 " , 235 pound , African - american , 0.4 % body fat ) . slim he 's a lot stronger . instructor so if he hit you - slim no way . 89 instructor say it . slim it take . twice as much energy to swing and miss as to swing and hit . instructor after he miss , what do you do ? she answer he with a intense look . he nod and move after she . slow , strong , powerful : predator . she back up . her movement simple , graceful , economical but athletic : they remind we of the easy way she move around the restaurant in the first scene ... scatter over the mat be old - fashioned plastic santas that kid use as punch bag . he back she toward one ... . then another . as she near they , she slide deftly to the side : like she have eye in the back of she head ... he maneuver she toward a desk - she back to it ... rushes at she - for a moment she seem trap - but as he reach she , she slip to she leave , toss he over the desk and onto the mat . she move quickly to a attack position , stand over he . he pat the mat beside he . she sit . he make a motion and she close she eye . instructor one last thing . the hardest lesson : we can not control the universe . she listen . instructor ( cont . ) the unexpected may happen . he slide he hand over the mat , a order . she lie down . 01 90 instructor ( cont . ) suddenly he may enter , you be distract for a instant , and he hit you ... slim that 's not possible - instructor 4 we must prepare even for the impossible . she stir slightly , uncomfortable with this idea . instructor ( cont . ) we bend the universe to we will , but it will only go so far . slim you be say - instructor ( stand up ) that 's right - slim ( cont . ) for the sake of this exercise , he hit I . he 's stand over she . she look completely vulnerable . very tight on her as : instructor yes . and you lie there as if dead . but hear I . hold onto my voice . she nod almost imperceptibly . instructor ( cont . ) he 's stand over you , he think he 's win - and as sure as he 's a coward , he will try to kick you . slim ( softly ) yes . 91 instructor and because you know what he will do , you be smile inside , ... ( cont . ) her face blank , eye still close - but something change ; we sense she confidence and serenity return . he draw he foot back as if to kick she ... CUT to : int . jupiter's office . ( San Francisco ) day . slim stride through the office unapologetically interrupt various conversation . finally she spot Jupiter , walk over , and without say a word , demand he attention - jupiter ( to the other ) ah. just a sec , I will be right back . ( to she , irritate } I think I make it clear you be not suppose to come here . slim I do not care what you want . this almost make he smile ; he 's get to like she . jupiter you be a different person . slim so ? jupiter how 's that black guy I .set you up with ? slim good . jupiter do he teach you how to think ? it 's not the question she expect ; it 's more interesting and complicated . 92 slim . I hope so . ( before he can speak ) the English guy be good too . ( all business ) but that 's not why I be here . I need a woman who look like I . someone who can handle herself : a off-duty cop or something . ( hand he photo ) five four , one ten . Hair like this but cut higher , over the ear - ( hand he key ) miko hotel , room 509 , 8 o'clock . jupiter tonic ? that 's awful short notice ; I do not know if I can - slim what ? I think Jupiter be like all - powerful , king of the god ? oh yeah . one more thing . at some point .. . not right now ' cause it would be phony ... I need you to acknowledge that I be you kid . she walk away . he stare after she . hint of a smile come to he face . CUT to : int . electronics store . day . slim be signing the credit card slip as the clerk put the merchandise in a distinctive red bag - slim you sure this will work ? clerk you bet you life . slim thanks , I will . she leave , take out she cell phone . follow her as she go : ext . san francisco STREET . day . she walk up the street , punch in a number ... 93 butler' voice Tyler residence . slim yes . tony . could you please tell Mrs. Tyler that I will call she around for we this afternoon . butler' voice of course , miss slim . my pleasure . slim hang up , go into a. bagel shop . int .. bagel place . later . slim sit at a table with a cup of coffee . a short guy , 28 , build like a fireplug , dress in sweater and jeans and wool cap , enter , walk to she , and say in a English accent : alex today , hon , you graduate . CUT to : ext . downtown L.A. STREET . day . Alex and slim be across the street from a strip joint . slim it 's close ? alex till six , eh ? slim and I would guess whoever own it be not a very nice person . alex that 's a safe one . slim start walk toward the shop . as they go : slim why here ? alex you have get soft hand , you have work hard . the tricky part now be nerve . they reach the entryway ; slim take out she tool . 94 slim people on the street ? alex yeah . and you have to go in when he alarm 's turn off - slim ( nods ) meaning he 's inside . ( have tool out ) I be ready . Alex move slightly to block the view as slim bend over and slip she tool into the lock ... slim work quietly , concentrate ... Alex look . around ... a shady character notice they . hesitate . come over .. alex we get company , doll ... slim still work ... the Shady character have almost reach they ... alex forget it . you be too slow . she open the door - Alex glance down , nod - she close the door again and stand just as : shady character hey . what be you guy up to ? slim stare at he . slim we be hope to see some action , but it look like they be close . the Shady character stare back . he be have skeptical . he watch slim and Alex walk off down the block . Alex mutter under he breath : 95 alex " action ? " off she grin - CUT to : int . beauty salon . day . slim sit in a chair , cell phone at she ear . her hair be do ; now she 's get a manicure . mrs . tyler' voice and where be Gracie ? slim she 's come day after tomorrow , then we be fly to l.a . I be think after the hearing , maybe I could bring she by . mrs . tyler' voice tell I something . why be this call different ? you be always worried about how long we talk - slim I be out in the country , Mrs. T. I be in a big city now , meeting with my lawyer , so there be lot of cell phone . no one can trace this . ext . beauty parlor . day . slim exit in a long gray coat . stop outside for one moment , glance around - see a guy in a GREEN trenchcoat across the street . she walk hurriedly away . glance over she shoulder , see trenchcoat follow she . she smile slightly , to herself . CUT to : ext . slim' HOTEL . day . from a discreet distance , across the street , we watch she go into she hotel . 96 trenchcoat be stand across the street . int . HOTEL room . day . slim enter she suite . sitting by the window be tova . as slim walk over , tova pull on a wig which match slim 's haircut . there be now a strong resemblance . tova I be tova Steinberg . slim stare . tova 's voice be a octave lower than slim 's . slim say something else . tova I be a cop . I get shot , take the benefit . slim think about tova 's voice . take out she cell phone . slim they have to think I be still here , so use my cell phone , tomorrow , to call my dad . autodial 2. slim press the autodial number , then send , and motion for tova to put on slim 's gray coat . it fit tova perfectly . slim ( cont . ) ( lowering he voice ) hey , it 's I . jupiter's voice what happen to you voice ? ; you okay ? slim I do not know , I be get some bronchial thing . jupiter's voice otherwise everything 's okay ? slim yeah . 97 jupiter's voice get some rest , huh ? she press end , say to tova , back to normal voice : slim tomorrow stay in , order room service . call he twice . keep it brief . " hello , I do not feel well ... " tova and tonight ? slim go around the corner , eat at guido 's . tova I will be follow ? slim Green trenchcoat . tova nod and slim take off she own wig . short dark hair . slim ( cont . ) wish I luck , huh ? tova good luck . slim luck have nothing to do with it . tova smile . int . HOTEL . hall . night . slim wait as the service Elevator arrive . get in . ext . HOTEL . rear entrance . night . slim go out the door , down the alley ... 98 int . airport . night . slim get on the plane to Los Angeles . CUT to : ext . san pedro STREET . night . slim park , look across at a warehouse convert into loft . battle of the she take a duffle from the back seat . step into the shadow , stare at the warehouse : Brick building , modern door and light fixture . sex she look both way : the street 's dark . desert . she hoist she duffle , take a deep breath . and cross the street . go up the stair to the stoop . look at the alarm panel on the door : green . crouches , start to work on the lock . int . warehouse / loft . sleeping area . night . Mitch in bed , sleep . peaceful . a SOUND , off . he stir slightly . another SOUND . he sit up . frown ... daze . cock he head . listen ... the silence seem to have texture . he get up . 99 we glimpse : a beautiful brick warehouse convert inside into a open , loft -like space fill with bird ' seye maple , metal beam , etc . modern , glisten , expensive . he walk around the place in the dark . in he boxer short and t-shirt . he look vulnerable ... slim' Pov ... from one corner . observe he . she have become the stalker . her eye , watch ... he decide everything 's okay and go back to the semi partition sleep area ... he get back into bed - next to a young blond woman , 22 . she turn over , mutter something , go back to sleep . he lie there , eye open . stays very still . listen . jarring CUT to : int . same warehouse . morning . Bright light . Mitch in he bathrobe make coffee . the Young blond woman come out , fully dress ... mitch coffee ? young blond I gotta get home , change for work . he nod , give she a perfunctory kiss : mitch I will call you . she stare at he a second . young blond you want my number ? mitch sure . she see how " eager " he be to talk to she again . irritate , she scribbles the number quickly , hand . it to he - mitch thanks for everything . 100 for the sex , in other word . she give it right back to he : young blond you too . I really appreciate it . he 's too self - center to notice she ironic tone . she let herself out . the instant she do , we go to a high angle look down at Mitch . alternate normal and high angle during : Mitch pour coffee , go back into he " dress area " and pull on some clothes as he talk into he cell phone : mitch janie ? hey . ( beat ) yeah , I be work late . ( beat ) no , tonight 's no good either . I have get a morning flight to San Francisco . slim in therafters , listen . mitch ( cont . ) if it be pleasure , you would be go too . no , I be go down to get my daughter . slim 's reaction to this ... mitch ( cont . ) sure , the custody hearing 's here next week , but it look like Gracie 's be bring to San Francisco and my ex-wife ... well , seem like she completely vanish . on slim . his word echo he threat when he be try to strangle she in she hallway . mitch ( cont . ) right off the face of the earth . I doubt they will ever find she this time . slim 's jaw tighten . when we come back to Mitch , he 's dress and pack he briefcase . 101 mitch ( cont . ) yeah , I want she to meet you . we will call when we get in . ( fake tender : ) you too . he hang up , take a sip of coffee . high angle shot look down on Mitch as he head out the door . slim wait in the rafter until the alarm system beep : it 's armed . she climb down , walk into the kitchen . notice he Mr. coffee machine be still on . hesitates , turn it off . open the fridge to find something to eat - the alarm beep again . slim drop silently to the floor . SOUND of the key in the lock - slim scuttle away as we hear : front door open . footstep come toward she . she slip around the edge of the counter just as : Mitch enter the kitchen . he go to the Mr. coffee ... look at it ... frown . do not he leave it on ...? slim in the foreground , crouch down , Mitch 15 foot away . he look around . be something wrong ? be someone here ? slim freeze , try not to breath . Mitch listen . wonder : should he search the place ? she look for a place to hide - he look at he watch . he 's late . he walk right toward slim , curl around the counter - but she 's not there any longer . he head for the front door - 102 go out . hold on the hall , where she be , where he walk . empty . the alarm beep again as he reset it . one silent beat , then slim rise in the kitchen . ( she do a 360 . ) she sigh . pour herself some coffee , replace the liquid with water . auto-dial she cell phone . slim I be in . ginny' voice hey . slim can you stay off the phone ? ginny' voice for you , honey ? ( anything . ) slim I hope so . she hang up . retrieve she duffle bag from its hide place and pull out tool , equipment , etc . pick up a screwdriver and start search the apartment , check the phone line , follow it to the place where it enter the apartment . montage intercut with flash of slim ' a face : a run tab on she emotion . intensity , focus , determination , fear , . .. and , as the sequence build : concern about what she do ... montage image : she disconnect the phone line . find the electrical box , open it , find the main switch . remove all the knife from the kitchen ... hide they ... walk the apartment - familiarize herself with every inch of it - occasionally she move a piece of furniture slightly ... we realize : she 's assess fight space . angle ... she look from one piece of furniture to another , back and forth , gaug the distance between they . she eat a snack from he refrigerator ... 103 I look out the back ( bedroom ) window ... and see the water of the J San pedro harbor below she . use a metal detector to search the apartment : in a drawer of the night table beside he bed , she find a pistol . remove it . there be papers in the same drawer , note or something . she throw this in the trash . she take out three letter . as the camera sweep over one of they , we hear she voice : slim ( v.0 . ) " . . thanks for let I come talk about Gracie . and I be glad you be willing to admit you temper , and - let 's not mince word - the physical abuse you subject I to . " and glance at second letter : slim ( v.0 . ) " perhaps with you new attitude , we can really work something out . per you last letter , I will see you the evening of ... " she put the letter in the drawer where the pistol be . they be not in envelope ; they be loose , open . she pick up the metal detector , resume she search . the machine beep insistently around he desk . she can not find anything . finally she discover a false bottom on one of the drawer : a second gun be in there . with the gun be papers : report from private detective look for she , a assessment of he custody rights ... she hide the gun in the bottom of the laundry hamper . find a photo of herself with Mitch and Gracie . rip it up . put the metal detector back in the duffle . change into sweatshirt and sweatpant . take the distinctive red bag ( from the electronics store ) out of the duffle . there 's a machine inside . she plug it in , tuck it behind the couch . put she cell phone beside it . 104 she make one last check : every wall , surface , every drawer . barefoot , she begin to glide around the space . back up . move with ease and grace , slide deftly to the side as she approach a couch , desk , chair . she 's building on she earlier reconnaissance : learn where the furniture be and how to navigate around it ... dissolve to : later . magic hour . Light fade toward darkness . she 's still move backward , only now she slide be smooth , graceful ; almost a dance . as if hearing a distant signal , she slow to a stop . for a long moment she stand perfectly still . poise . like a animal in the forest . there 's a chair face the front door . she glance at it . no. she walk behind the couch , turn off the machine , pick up she cell phone and auto-dial . ginny' voice hey . slim say nothing . ginny' voice ( cont . ) you okay ? slim ( softly ) say it again . ginny' voice say what ? slim you know . what you tell I . beat . on slim 's face as : ginny' voice oh . you have a divine animal right to protect you own life and the life of you offspring . silence . 105 slim yeah . she hang up , turn the machine back on and stashes she cell phone . with simple ease , she lower herself onto the chair . facing the door . wait in the fade light ... dissolve to : ext . STREET . night . Mitch walk down the street . up the step , punch in he alarm code . int . mitch place . night . Mitch enter , close and lock the door . turn on the light . he walk back to the rear of the space , hang up he coat . go into the bedroom area , take off he jacket . the light go out . Mitch freeze , shadow on shadow , a silhouette in the darkness . he look out the window , see : the neighbor building still have light and power . he cock he head , listen . silence . walk to the door of the bedroom area . wait . take two more step - slim' voice it 's I . he nod slowly . mitch yeah . ( I think so . ) 106 he move quietly to the bed ... to the night table where slim find the pistol . cover this by talk : mitch { cont .} this morning too ? slim' voice you always do forget to turn off the coffee . he rummages in the drawer . we hear the rustle of the letter slim put there . he fail to find the gun . give up try to be quiet , toss papers onto the floor - slim' voice { cont .} I find it , Mitch . his hand leave the drawer . he think . pick up the phone , listen . Dead . look around ... can not see she ... go back to the chair where he hang he sport coat and fish out he cell phone . we see the glow of its dial . he punch 911 and press send . the dial go dark for two second , then blink back on . he stare at it . tries again . 911 , send . again it go dead . slim' voice it 's a machine . knock out cell phone . he throw the cell phone onto the bed . walk out of the bedroom area . look around the vast space . spooky . slant light and dense shadow . he do not see she . 107 walk toward he desk . slim' voice I find that gun too . he stop . do not know where to go . or what to do . slim' voice scare ? mitch ( fuck you ) of what ? slim' voice now be when you decide , Mitch . ( off he silence ) whether you be a coward . if you be , you can run . I will not stop you . mitch ( meaning the match be unfair : ) you have my gun . slim' voice threw them away . mitch then someone 's here with you . slim' voice no . mitch ( incredulous ) you be alone ? slim' voice why not ? mitch ' Cause it would be stupid . silence be she answer . mitch ( cont . ) you be sayin ' this be man to man ? slim' voice woman , Mitch . 108 mitch that 's what I mean : man against woman - you sure that 's fair ? the light go back on . slowly slim come out from hide ... slim Fair to whom ? as he realize she meaning , she move into the open area between two couch . she have no weapon . she 's barefoot , in she sweat , foot spread for balance , arm just slightly raise . compare to he : she 's tiny . he move toward she . slim this be what you want , right ? what you be go to San Francisco for : the chance to get I alone ? he lunge for she ; she slide to the side and he miss . he begin to stalk she . and as he stalk , she move backward , slowly and gracefully , in the way she be practice . mitch I do not understand , slim . how do this work for you ? she ignore he word . watch he eye and he chest . want to know where he 's go to attack . mitch ( cont . ) I mean : this be carefully think out , right ? she do not respond . he throw three punch . none of they hit she . he 's unfaze , keep stalking ... 109 mitch ( cont . ) but say you succeed - beat I up or whatever . you be not go to murder I ... ( cont . ) her expression remain neutral , focus . he take this to be agreement . mitch ( cont . ) so all you have do be further piss I off . slim self defense be not , murder . this stop he cold .. he lower he hand a moment . stare at she , try to assimilate this new information ... mitch you do not have the gut . she just look at he . he blink , worried for a instant . cover it with a smile : mitch it 's not self - defense when you break in here and attack I . slim so far you be attack I . he lunge , almost hit she , rush in - she have to leap sideways with great speed and dexterity : jump over the couch to avoid be hit . he also jump over the couch , but he balance be not as good , and she 's wait for he as he stumble - with perfect balance and full force , she slug he in the nose . he go down . stays there . for the first time it occur to he : this might not be easy . he climb to he foot , feel he nose : blood . slim you see ? I be just defend myself . he resume stalking she . only he 's angry now , and it 's scary . 110 mitch if you fail , you can count on this : you will never see Gracie again . she react - he see it , rush she - punch as he go . from the standpoint of pure physics , he make a terrifying force . until : she step back , grab he arm , whip he versus . the brick wall - he hit it , bounce off . cut on he forehead , blood stream down he face . he stare at she ... breathe hard ... try to put it together : mitch you really ( think ) ... you think you ' will kill I and get away with it ? l slim I tell you . self -defense . I come here , as arrange in we letter , to talk about Gracie - mitch letter ? there be no - slim in the drawer where you pistol be . you just leave print all over they . he stare at she , stunne in every way . touches he forehead , feel the blood ... slim you attack I , I fight back . and of course if you never touch I ... ( sweet smile ) I will have to give myself bruise ... he go berserk . leap at she , cover ground quickly with he long stride , swinging he massive arm . this be the most terrifying form of combat : a huge person attack a tiny one . if he should hit she even once , a glance blow , she will go down , she will break , it will be over . III but he miss , and miss again . sometimes he punch be wild , almost comical . other come so close we hear - the wind , feel they power , feel he sweat on she ... continue this terrifying choreograph dance with destruction for as long as it will hold . at every instant , we fear for she bone and she life . sometimes she lean back like Muhammad Ali to barely slip a punch , and we see terror on she face , marry to determination . she know the score . and the odd . finally , in frustration at so many miss , he grab a ashtray , hurl . it at she - it fly over she head - he punch again and again , wildly . she remain untouched . he stop . with all the blood , he look like a wild animal . he make a great effort to pull himself together ... mitch this do not bother I , slim . I do not care how long it take . we both know : ionly have to hit you once . once , and it 's over . she laugh at he . this be the last thing he expect and the last thing he can stand . he rush at she again , fast - she start leave - he block she way - she start right - again he 's block she - she lunge to the leave , through a narrow space - he punch , graze she hair ; punch again , just miss , and a third time . we feel the awesome power behind this blow . she 's in the clear again . smile casually . clearly part of she strategy be to keep he angry : 112 slim I be confuse , mitchy . be not you a man ? ( quoting he ) I think it be " no contest ? " I mean , can not you hit I even once ? he grab a lamp , yank out the cord , wield it like a club . slim ( cont . ) ( amuse ) a weapon ? he smashes the lamp down , just miss she head - slim ( cont . ) it 's a martial - art cliche , honey . a weapon throw you off balance - swish - swipe - slam - he miss she three time , the last time smash the lamp into the wall so hard that the impact hurt he hand . he yelp - slim ( cont . ) you see ? he turn toward she , pain on he face , hold he hand - and she truly attack for the first time . smash she fist against he head - he fly back , bounce versus . the wall . as he come off it , she punch he again - he roar with rage , lunge at she , head first , great speed - she hurtle he in the same direction , increase speed - right into the opposite wall . the top of he head hit the wall . he shudder like someone in a cartoon : a spasm run head to toe - he drop . 113 face down . do not move . at all . she stare at he . go to he . wary . give he a reflex test - no reaction . he 's unconscious . she test he neck for a pulse . apparently he 's still alive , because she raise she hand over she head . her palm vertical , like a knife . she 's about to deliver a karate chop . to he neck . it will break he neck . it will kill he . her hand stay there , poise . camera plunge in on her face . flash : - Mitch hit she the first time - - Midwest house , Mitch leaping out from Gracie 's doorway - - Mitch beat she as she crawl across the floor of they house . ( something we do not see before . ) she reach up , flick the light switch ; Mitch jump on she back - - Mitch : " you will never see Gracie again . " - earlier : " she 's my daughter . do not even think about take she . " - strangle slim , whisper : " ... where you be go , they will never ... ever ... find you . " 114 back to slim face contort in rage , confusion - she bring she hand down - misses. he . intentionally . turn away , tear in she eye . she retrieve she cell phone , turn off the cell - phone blocker , press redial . stare out the window . we see the turmoil on she face , hear it in she voice : slim I can not , gin . ginny' voice ' re you okay ? slim yeah . ginny' voice you be okay ?! , you beat he ?! slim yeah - ginny' voice it work ?! slim listen to I ! I do it , but I can not do it ! I can not kill he ! behind slim , out of focus : movement , a soft blur ... ginny' voice ( cont . ) ( urgently ) slim . he will come after you - slim I know - ginny' voice ( cont . ) he will come after Gracie - 115 a indistinct shape , something rise over she head ... slim I know all that ! I have to , but I can not ! I be not a killer ! I be not he ! Mitch . craze and bloody face . in he hand : the wooden lamp . she sense something , turn she head slightly to one side - - so the lamp do not land quite flush on she skull . still send she crash to the floor . now she do not move . he stand over she . look insane : bloody , daze , beat : but triumphant . ginny' voice hello ? slim ? you there ? the lamp move in he hand . he 's rotate it . a simple menace image ... . and we realize : he ' 's aoinq to hit she again . ginny' voice { cont .} should I call the cop ?! answer I ?! he 's distract by Ginny 's voice . pick up the phone . mitch listen to I , bitch . Ginny 's silent . mitch ( cont . ) if you value you child , don ' t call anybody . it 's over , okay ? it 's all over . he throw the phone on the couch and move back toward slim , lamp clench tight in he fist . smash in close on her face . closer still . we be almost inside she head as we hear : instructor's voice hold onto my voice ... 116 be that the hint of a smile on she face ? instructor's voice ( cont . ) you be ready ... Mitch see the slight smile , can not believe it - rage . he pull he foot back to kick she - her eye be open , just a slit - his foot swinging forward ... as it reach she , she grab it , yank it - he 's pull off he foot , crash down on top of she - but she 's already roll , out from under he ... and up - come to she foot - he start to rise , all four , then into a crouch and ug ... slow motion . she 's ready . her face alert . Center of gravity low . Arm low , . fist low ... as she motion unfurl : boxer say that a uppercut , perfectly execute , be the most difficult , powerful , and beautiful of punch . indeed : when a uppercut start low for maximum center - of - gravity and hit the opponent flush on the point of the chin - as slim 's do here - it deliver a devastating message to the central nervous system , short - circuit it completely . Mitch fly backward ... there 's a table behind he . his head crack on the table . his neck snap . he land on the floor : twisted , break . slim stare at he . there 's no way a live man could assume the position now occupy by she former husband . 117 she stare in disbelief . though she know the answer , she feel he carotid artery . her face register what she feel . horror , relief . she walk slowly to she cell phone , pick it up . listen : no one there . she press redial , wait ... ginny' voice ( in a panic ) h o?d slim hi. ginny' voice oh thank God you be alive . slim gin , he 's ...he hit he ... he 's not breathe . ginny' voice oh . slim yeah . ginny' voice well : I call the cop , they be on they way . slim nod . ginny' voice slim ... can you hear I ? , this be important . beat . slim okay . as Ginny talk , slim put the cell - phone blocker into the duffle and carry the duffle to the rear of the building . ginny' voice you be not he , okay ? you be not he , and you never will be . 118 slim see you soon . she drop the cell phone out the bedroom window into the water . then the duffle . they both sink . ext . brownstone . she come out , sit on the step . a siren be audible . cop car speed down the street , screech to a stop . two cop leap out of the car , run toward she . first cop you okay ? she look at he , consider the question . shake she head . first cop where be he ? she make a slight motion to indicate that Mitch be inside , and the other cop run into the apartment . slim lower she head . first cop look at she , see the blood on she scalp . first cop look like you be one of the lucky one . she look up , stare at he , and start to cry . smash into : credit sequence credit over flash : int . lax . day . slim jump up and down and generally make a fool of herself as Gracie run off the plane into she arm . Ginny follow with she own kid ; hug all around - whip pan to : 119 another gate at the airport . day . slim look ... wait ... see : Joe . he hurry to she - and pick up Gracie instead , give Gracie a big hug . Joe linger in the hug as slim wait ... and wait ... finally he turn to slim , hint of a smile : joe what rule be we play by now ? she answer he with the kind of kiss you can get away with at a bar or airport and almost nowhere else . whip pan to : another gate at airport . day . Jupiter come off the plane , be hugge by Ginny , shake hand with Joe . as he turn to Gracie , slim say : slim this time be nice to she . jupiter be it gonna be like that ? slim yeah . Jupiter smile , shake hand with Gracie : jupiter I hope I can work into be you grandfather , okay ? Gracie shrug . CUT to : ext . new " orca " restaurant . day . sign all over : OPEN again after bombing1 same great food ! same beautiful waitress ! same terrible joke ! int . new orca . day . slim , Joe , Jupiter , and Gracie eat , Ginny serve large platter of gorgeous food : 120 ginny so whattaya say , slim -girl , you comin ' back to work ? phil ( pass by , overhear and jump in :) after all I do for she ... ? she better not ! Ginny give he a look - phil she have to go back to school , make big success . sigmund Freud , yes ?! ( pat jupiter ) do not worry , Mr. moneybag will pay . Jupiter give phil a playful look : thanks a lot . phil whisper to Gracie : phil but do not let she cook , huh Gracie ? you eat here all the time . Gracie nod thanks , whisper back : gracie call I Queen Elizabeth . run title on the rest of there meal . the longer it run , the happier this odd family ( include Ginny and phil ) seem ... fade out .