5 pv thru yoi® . - . — — — sr. re on sb : sp oo screenplay director 's_note : the first minute of this movie will be shot accord to the principle of subjective vision whereby the camera see everything through the eye of oscar , we main character . we will follow he hervous eye movement and if the practical reality impose a breakdown within the scene , the different shot will be imperceptibly link when he blink or during he rapid panoramic eye-movement . ' as he mouth will be out of he field of vision , he voice will of course be hear os , as though come from the camera . the action will pass in real time as perceive by oscar . so during the first minute of the movie there will be no ellipse ( except when he pass out ) , no variation in the shoot speed 2nd no change in focal . in order to transmit this cinematic bias , the screenplay have be write in the first person , as the use of " I " be better for describe the action of the character as perceive by oscar , thus the spectator . 1 - subjective vision ( exterior balcony , dusk ) the full movie credit ( production , direction , cast , technical crew ) appear on the black screen as succinctly as possible . then a date , 27 September 1999 , that finally disappear . a dramatic rumbling grow ... as it explode into a roar , a word write in huge white letter appear over the whole breadth of the screen : enter at the same time , a magnificent twilight sky appear behind this letter . heavy orange , white and purple - haze cloud scudd over a bright red sky . oo | the word disappear off the top of the screen . High rise building and apartment block , modern or not , with terrace cover in billboard tower in the distance under the cloud . a small light gray airplane cross the sky and silently rise up towards the cloud . a white " fluffy line trail across the sky in its wake . I - do you like fly ? moira ( os ) = no ... I - why not ? I turn to my sister moira . we be lean over the railing of my balcony , watch the dense , multicolor sky in the mild late - summer dusk . moira be young but she self - confidence bely she age : 20 . her opulent bust be squeeze into a slightly wear golden yellow dress . her hair be black and she break nose make she face look masculine . she be beautiful . the sun cast its pink and orange ray over she . as | have not be give a answer I turn back to look at the plane . moira ( os ) - ... I be scared ... the plane disappear into a cloud . moira 's light - color eye go off into a daze . I - ... scare of what ? moira - ... well ... of die . moira catch my eye for a second then look down . the wind suddenly pick up . she shiver , cross she arm over she half - bare breast and leave the balcony . I follow she . I - ... they say you fly , when you die ... moira do not seem to have hear I . we go into we bedroom , brightly color but pretty dirty and messy . 2 - subjective vision ( interior studio , dusk ) moira pick up a white cardigan and some sexy clothes from one of the two single bed and put they into a bag . the room be litter with both we belonging . moira put she cardigan on and check the time on the alarm clock . then she pick up she bag and hurry over to the door . moira - see you later . . she turn round in the doorway and smile at I . but my eardrum suddenly block and the sound all disappear . silence . we look at each other . then the sound come back . I snap to and look away . I - see ya . the door close behind moira . I go over to my bed and sit down . for look for a stub of a joint in a ashtray I swipe from a be . I light it . I stretch out and smoke it , stare at the ceiling . a few second later I stub the filter out in the ashtray . then my hand grope for the light switch on the wall and flick it . the light go out . blackness . Street sound breeze in through the window . people talk . a song in the distance . a truck rumbling by . steam outlet belch out sweaty puff against the wall of my room . and from somewhere further off come the dron vibration of the neighbor dressmake workshop . the sound slowly disappear ... 3 - dream ( interior dream toilet stall , night ) ' ' a image with a dark , badly - define outline form ...* I open a door and go into a recess with peel wall . a slab in the middle with a hole bored in it evoke a squat - down toilet . the slab be splatter with purplish stain and dribble . I step back towards the door but it have disappear , now replace by a smooth wall . the stain seep outward , as though absorb by the wall . my eye be draw back to the hole in the middle of the slab . it have grow . above I , a white light bulb start vibrate , as do the whole room . this phenomenon be accompany by a loud whistling sound . I fall down on the ground with my head at the edge of the hole . look down it I suddenly see the foundation of the building recede further and further away , as though a strange force have abruptly wrench the room away from the building it be in . it 's like the room be soar vertically at great speed . the light of the city disappear dizzily beneath my eye . the axis of the room start to tilt . I suddenly look away : two hand grab I by the foot and pull I towards the door that have reappear and be now open ... a phone ring loudly somewhere . the dream dissolves ... * director 's note : during this dream sequence , oscar will . like in most dream , perceive the silhouette of he own body i in the foreground , dark and blurred , within a kind of semi-subjective vision . the corner of the image will be darken . 4 - subjective vision ( interior studio , night ) 's J open my eye : night have already fall in my room . to the right of the bed , the phone be ringing in the darkness . I pick it up , ‘half asleep . a nervous voice crackle down the other end . Victor ( os ) - oscar ... it 's Victor . I - ... oh , it 's you ... I have be look for you . Victor ( os ) - can you bring I my " E " ? I - come by and get they . Victor ( os ) - yeah but I ... I ... can not you bring they ? I - where be you ? silence . - Victor ( os ) - come by the bar , I be here ... I will explain ... I - ... sure ... yeah ... to be honest I would rather ... Victor ( os ) - ... see you in a bit . I - listen , Victor , I be sorry about what happen yesterday ... but the line go dead . I - hello ?... hello ? I hang up and stay stretch out on the bed . the curtain on the balcony door flutter in the wind . then I get up in the dark . I rub my eye and head for the bathroom . I flick the neon light above the basin on , rinse my head and look at myself in the mirror .* the cold neon light flicker and hum above I . someone knock on the door . I grab a violet - color towel and dry my face . I cross the messy , though virtually empty , room . the wall be white . the table and the two unmatch salvage chair be make out of old wood . * director note : when he look in the mirror we finally discover oscar 's face : he be about 20 , dark brown hair , slim , with nervous , intelligent eye . I lean up against the door and look through the spy-hole : I see the distort figure of a man wear a fabulous " plebe- pop " shirt with a point collar . I open the door . * I - Alex ... Alex come in and glance at the mess in the room . he be about ten year older than I . I close the door behind he and finish drying my face . Alex - I just run into you sister ... I - yeah ... she leave ten minute ago . Alex - she be with ... what 's he name ... mario ? I - oh Jesus ! that creep get on my nerve ! you know what I would like to do ? blast he brain out ... by the way , what time be it ? Alex ( smile ) - ten after ten ... what have you get against the guy ? you sister 's hot shit , it 's normal he 's run after she . I like she too , you know ... I ( annoyed by this conversation ) - anyway , she do not give a shit about man . she be always go with girl at the home . Alex snicker , a dreamy look on he face . I - right , Victor 's wait for I at the bar ... you come with.me ?.::... Alex hesitates then nod . he sit down in a old beat - up armchair , pick up a book off the top of a pile and flick through it . I pick my shirt up off the chair and put it on . Alex ( os ) - have you read it then ? I turn round to see which book he 's talk about . on the cover , print with a pretty color mandala , I read the title : " the tibetan Book of the Dead '' . I - yeah ... but can I keep it another week ? Alex - sure . I - it 's like a maze , I want to re-read it ... Alex flick through the book while I finish dress . Alex - it 's one of the great theory on the next world I know of ... especially the passage with the color light that want to carry you off to a higher plane ... and the bit about reincarnation be see as a failure of the spirit ... I - oh , yeah ... I like that bit best , when you see death try to reincarnate itself among all that people make love ... as we leave , I go over to the little fridge . I open the ice - . box , take out a tupperware and open it too . Inside be a transparent bag contain 40 grayish round pill . a dozen other pill be scattered loose in the tupperware . I put the transparent bag in my pocket and put the rest away in the freezer . Alex watch I . Alex - be all that for Victor ? I - well yeah ... we make a bulk buy ... then I turn out the light in the apartment . Alex put the book back on the pile and get up . we go out . 5 - subjective vision ( interior staircase , night ) we be out on the landing . I gesture to Alex to go down while I lock up . I check the door be firmly lock . then I crouch down by the stair lead up to the next floor . I stretch my hand out to one of the wooden step . I lift up the corner of a old slat and slip the key underneath it . I put the slat back in place , stand up and run down the stair to the ground floor . I go out into the street . 6 - subjective vision ( exterior STREET + bar in dead - end alley , night ) Alex be wait for I outside . I walk over to he and we set off . even at night the street be still very lively . in front of my building , the caretaker be haul the trash can inside . we turn leave and go past a small grocery store run by asian that 's still open this late at night . further on we go past a sandwich and beer stand . four skinny , nervous junky in dirty clothes be hang out in font of it . further still a old bum be sleep sprawle in a doorway , barefoot . other bum be sit on car , slugging down alcohol from a plastic bottle . two police van be park on the sidewalk opposite , like it 's they usual spot . the district seem to be a pretty " bad " side of town . Alex - [ read a book today . you would like it . it 's the story of two friend who promise that whoever die first will * ¢ome back to tell the other one what happen after you die . then the young one die in a accident . the other one bury he and wait for some news . month go by and he do not get a single message . so he curse he dead friend and curse life for not go on to something else . but then this shelf fall on he head . and he die too ... he meet up with he dead friend on the other side who tell he he 's be try non-stop to communicate with he , but that the live can not hear the dead , and that 's the way nature go . so the only thing he could think of to keep he promise and prove the new world exist be to make he die too . he explain that he 's the one that make the shelf fall . but the one who 's just die hurl himself at he own corpse and try to re-integrate it . it work . and he come back to life . but he have forget he meeting with he friend and everything he see ... we be walk under the electric glow of street lamp and neon store sign . some of they cast greenish light on we , other be more pink . Alex keep talk and I walk alongside he in silence , check out the scene . his word be like a kind of music and I stop listen to he from time to time . through the window of some apartment we can make out neon - light workshop or shabby interior light up by the blue flicker of a tv screen . Alex - hey ... be you listen ? I - yeah ... sure ... hang on , I miss the end . Alex - no ... I mean ... you know , the dead guy be try everything to communicate with he live friend but there be no way he could do it . so as the other one start doubting in the existence of the next world , the first one could only find one solution : make the other one die . so he arrange for a shelf to fall on he head and the other one die too ... hey , you be still not listen , be you ? - I - I be sorry ... have reach the corner of the street we turn right and fall smack into a heat discussion over some " deal " _ between two girl wear miniskirt and jacket . the tall ' guy with they push they into a large doorway to continue the discussion in peace . a large wall 's top with billboard and wire fencing loom in the background . this concrete anthracite - gray 50ft wall could be the wall to a factory , a barrack or a prison . huge and insurmountable , it stretch all the way - down the street . I - ... but , in fact , I do not get it . what 's the moral of the story ? Alex - well ... do not look for a moral . it 's just that ... Alex take a pack of cigarettes out of he pocket . Alex - ... you can not keep that kind of promise ... I - yeah well there 's one thing I have promise myself : one of this day I be gonna bust mario 's head in . Alex laugh . Alex - be careful . he look like a hard nut . I - true ... apparently he 's even be inside . Alex - oh yeah ? I see he more as be buddy - buddy with the cop . I - that 's where you learn to lick they ass . Alex - talk of cop ... he motion I to look leave : further down the street some cop be inspect the id of two black guy . I shut up . Alex glance rapidly at I . he 's uneasy . so be I . we be walk by a newspaper booth set precariously in the middle of the sidewalk , so I stop to buy something , anything . next to a few evening papers and tabloid be a aids prevention poster recommend test . a single neon light gleam above the rack . a collection of lottery ticket hang on the other side , announce the big August 30 draw . I - I would like a ticket ... the one at the top . a beautiful work class - look woman hand I one of the ticket . I pay and pocket the change , avoid she guard dog . before leave , Alex take a cigarette out of a pack and offer it to I . I wave it away . Alex - you should be more paranoid about walk around with stuff like that on you , especially E , you * know , with this new law they have get now it 's as risky as smack ... I do not answer . Alex - but why do not Victor come to you place ? I falter . Alex light he cigarette and throw the match away . I - he learn about my thing with he mom , you know . and we have a fight . I will tell you later ... Alex - oh shit ! he grimace . we carry on we way and , a few yard further on , arrive in front of a dead - end alley . at the bottom be a seedy bar call the " here or there " . the name be stencile in large letter on the window either side of the door . one of the window have a spidery crack on it that have be roughly patch up with sticky tape . Alex stop . Alex - oh , this place ! I can not stand the owner ... I would rather wait for you here . he point to a pillar opposite the entrance to a porn theater . os I nod and turn in to a dead - end line with crumble wall with the brickwork show through . two white man , dress half - thug half - sporty but clean - shaven , be lean against the door . they watch I go in without break off they discussion . 7 - subjective vision ( interior bar , night ) Victor , a small fat guy my age , be wait inside the bar . he be sit at a table on he own . the rest of the room be almost empty . fluorescent tube fill the bar with a flicker cold light . depend on the tube , the light be predominantly greenish or bluey . amy behind the counter the owner be quietly change the channel on the tv perch up above he . I sit down opposite Victor . _ he seem very agitate . ' Victor ( hushed voice ) - please forgive I . I notice a bruise on Victor 's face . I - what ? * Victor - they make I do it ... he look down then back up again towards the entrance . the two man in jogging pants stare at I from the doorway , then head over . behind they I catch sight of a police car turn into the dead - end and block the entrance to the bar . my heart flutter . I instinctively get up and head nervously towards the toilet . I find myself in front of a small gray door . as I open it I glance quickly behind I . the two policeman be follow I through the bar and reach into they jacket . I hurry into the toilet . & - subjective vision ( interior toilet , night ) Inside be a washbasin and two door . I open the one with a man on it and slip inside . 9 subjective vision ( interior squat - down toilet , night ) I lock the bolt behind I . it 's a seatless " squat - down " toilet with light blue wall . a policeman ( os ) - he 's in there ! with jittering hand I take the bag out of my pocket and throw it into the hole of the john . I pull the chain but it have a leak and the water pressure be too weak to flush the bag away . in my panic I have not think of take the pill out . I try to ram it down the hole with my foot . in vain . the police be already try to break the door down . two more officer come in shouting threat and warning . I be go crazy in front of the bag still float in the murky hole . I see a small square window , 12 inch wide , that I will not be able to escape through . . there 's no way out . the police be kick at the door and I lose all control . the lock be go to give any moment now . suddenly , in a rush of adrenalin , I find a way of gain time . I - keep back or I will shoot ! it be double or quit , but I be satisfied to hear the confusion my threat have incur on the other side of the door . the cop have stop kick the door and have no doubt step back . fire up by my success , I yell at they again just to make sure they have get it . I - step back , I be go to shoot ! then , make the most of the lull , I turn back to the bag still float in the hole . it have fill up with water and a few pill have float out . I be seize with panic again . fear and the noise of the chain that I be yanking like a maniac , while block the door with my foot , prevent I from understanding what one of the cop be shouting at I . everything get confuse . intense fear have make the bag float in the middle of the hole in the slab the only thing that exist for I . I do not understand what they be shouting at I . I brace myself against the door , my eye rivete to the packet . then suddenly , a violent detonation ring out : one of the policeman have just fire he gun at the lock . it shatter . I mechanically pull on the chain again . but I discover a red stain seeping over the leave side of my chest . a wound . the bullet must have rip through my rib too . I try to stem the blood flow with my right hand . I grope the open flesh under the sear cotton . most sound be muffle , except the one real close by . the policeman push on the door and I fall to my knee . the door finally burst open . and I collapse , sprawle on the floor with my head at the edge of the hole . the old white slab be splatter with stain and scale . a trickle of blood dribble along the surface and into the a hole . the break toilet be still spitting out spurt of water . it splatter onto the policeman 's trainer as he rapidly pat I down , make my head shake . a policeman ( os ) - he 's not armed ... 's fhen with one hand he grab the half - tear bag now full of blood and water and a few of the pill that fel ! out of it . policeman ( os ) - but here 's the gear ... the sound go dull and muffle , as though my ear pressure have suddenly change . a screech rip through my eardrum . then disappear . the color in the john slowly brighten and become grayer and colder . I be shiver all over . my vision start to quiver as much as my body . feverish white dot spin in front of my eye . my breathe be jerky . I be suffocating , I can hardly even groan . the noise from the bar seem very close . the policeman be talk heatedly together . the foot disappear . all of a sudden I cough blood onto the slab and over my arm . I try to lift my hand but it do not react , just one finger move imperceptibly . my eye stop move at the same time as my body . my vision suddenly freeze and start to darken . Dark , blurry shadow cover my vision , which be black in place . the sound gradually fade . after a few final effort my breathe cut off and seem to be carry away by the jerky trickle of the water . my heart strike its last beat . it stop for good . time stop too . and so do my life . a violent rip sound tear through space . then silence . then blackout . 20 10 - blackout ( black image ) . out of the blackness come a calm , muffle , liquid rippling . the gurgle of the flush system change texture . then dull thudding sound come near . snatch of voice float up . a man ( os ) - shit ... he 's die . another man ( os ) - calm down ... it 's not you fault ... fist hammer against a door . . first man ( os ) - ... fuck , fuck , fuck ! his voice echoe strangely . my perception of sound seem to shift in space . the trickle of the toilet get nearer , now clear and peaceful . it swell until it sound like a waterfall tumble into a lake . 11 - alter subjective vision ( interior squat - down toilet , night ) then the image of the stall gradually reappear , but alter , as though transformed into something unknown . it be comprise of a partly hazy semi-translucent matter intersected by light ray . the cold light of the bar room filter through the brick wall . my pink flesh and motionless vein be show through the skin of my paralyze arm . my vision be slowly move , slip out of the logical viewpoint of my eye to such a extent that when it stop I get the impression I can see part of my own face . this be not normal . then the darkness return and a new sound start : the sound of a muffle wind sweeping into a tunnel . 21 12 - the tunnel ( interior abstract tunnel ) Little by little a warm , distant light appear from the + heart of the darkness . its ray reveal a obscure tunnel , shiny and damp in part but with darken edge . the white light at the far end draw I towards it . a few thin golden ray even seem to reach I through this space . I head slowly and steadily towards the light , turn in a spiral through this endless drip tunnel . the harsh , ceaseless rush of wind rumble oppressively in this tubular space . as I get nearer to the exit the rush noise grow louder and the wall brighten . I discover that they be line with a colorless organic texture . I walk slowly out into the light . 13 - white light ( clear primal light ) the white light fill the whole space , criss -cross with gleam golden ray . the wind turn into a calm , majestic rumble . the.light get brighter . increasingly beautiful . up to total , blind white . the rumbling get deafen and explode . a multitude of crystal - clear sound burst out of it . then light particle and filament suddenly appear , in motion , but so white they can hardly be define . Inside this storm of light particle , all kind of micro or macroscopic spatial figure bond and split apart , apparently follow a chaotic and never symmetrical order . but in they entirety they create a kind of visual music obey a calm , underlying order that be quite fascinating . like subliminal message , I think I can perceive all kind of familiar image ( face , object , landscape ... ) that be constantly shifting . they form on 7 i 2 the periphery of the white light , appear so fast I can not possibly identify they . but a bitter wind blow up from afar , disturbing this hypnotic circumvolution . with it come snatch of '' human voice . one of they suddenly ring out right nearby . a man ( os ) - ... his name be oscar ... my vision abruptly recoil . the nature of the light change . the edge of the white be gradually invade by a light blue . strangely enough , it look like it have some kind of texture . so it 's not the sky , but a ceiling with flaky paint , now see very close up ... and a 40 watt light bulb gradually appear in the middle of it , buzzing ... 23 14 - out of body vision ( interior squat - down toilet , night ) 2 it 's the light bulb inside the sky- blue stall . I turn round 180 degree . and I be in the john . float in the air , like a spirit , 10ft off the ground * the police officer lean over my corpse and grab it by the foot in disgust . his uniform get stain with blood . my body be too heavy for he to move , so he drop it back onto the slab . he kick the door open wider with he boot . we can hear one of he colleague make fun of he . the former swear at he and carry on he task . he step over my body , grab it by the arm and drag it towards the washbasin in the adjoin room . my body leave red trail behind it . I follow , fly alongside they . then a new phenomenon occur : I go through the wall and come out on the other side of the john . I stop , waver . but there 's no doubt about it , my vision ts disembody ... * director 's note : from this scene on the movie will still be shot in subjective vision , but this time it will represent the vision of oscar 's disembody spirit . in other word , contrary to the beginning of the movie , this " out of body '' vision will no longer contain any reference to he body whatsoever ( no reflection in mirror , no leader ?? of a ghostly body in the foreground , no blink ... ) . as this out - of- body vision be mental vision from oscar 's die brain , they point of view can be anywhere in the space , they can cross matter and jump in time with no physical contingency . less precise than the subjective vision oscar have when he be alive , the consistence and logic of this out of body vision will be closer to that of a dream , yet particularly complex and bright . setting and people will now be perceive in a slightly simplify form , for they be the synthesis of the reality oscar manage to store up during he lifetime . as the story progress , this vision will evolve parallel to the decomposition of he brain '' the set , clothing and accessory will gradually be reduce to they simple expression . 24 15 - out of body vision ( interior washroom . night ) have cross through the wall I find myself next to the washbasin . my body be spread out in the middle of this pale yellow room , arm outstretch . I approach it . my movement be clumsy and I often abruptly change direction . I float down towards my face , straight towards the eye . all of a sudden I plunge right between the two eye , at the base of my forehead . I glimpse the dark spongy mass of my brain . I leap backwards and emerge out of my right eye , which be glaze and rigid . I stop in front of it for a moment . then my vision tilt slightly towards my mouth where a trickle of blood have start to coagulate between the open lip . I finally turn off to the right and go through the reddish darkness of my nostril . I come out just above my leave cheek . I move along it , flicker over the badly - shave skin . from this close up the stubble look like a strange forest of chop tree trunk . then a crevice appear and my vision come to a halt in front of a landscape that must be the auricle of my leave ear . my vision dive into it , like plunging into the heart of a volcano , before head into the skull again . I see the filamentous maze of my brain 's gray matter . I slide through this unrecognizable space . suddenly , a voice outside snap I out of this strange world . a policeman ( os ) - calm down ! we can not leave he here ... I float up into the room in a abort spiral movement . when my vision come to a standstill I can see my whole body again . the policeman with the stain uniform come back into the room with the bar owner , who be totally blow away by what be happen . the owner hand he the tablecloth he be carry under he arm . the policeman cover my body with it . my foot and my hand stick out 25 from underneath . the tablecloth be sooa drench in blood . I hear cry . I be suddenly haul backwards . I go through the wall between I and the bar ... 16 - out of body vision ( interior bar . night ) I find myself on the other side of the wall , in front of a painting hang quite high on the wall : a idyllic mountain bath in the last golden ray of a twilight sky . I forget everything and sink into contemplation of it , but then [ hear panic and tear in the room again . my vision swivel round . below I , Victor be slouched over the table , cry . two man be try to shake he back to some kind of dignity but it 's no use . they try to make he sit up but Victor cling on to the table . they manhandle he . he let go of the table and they manage to make he stand up . in front of the counter , the owner be talk feverishly to Charlie , a young waiter with curly hair . owner - go tell he sister . she must be at the " power " . the waiter pick up he jacket and leave . I go through the outer wall of the bar ... 17 - out of body vision ( exterior dead - end alley , night ) I be float above the dead - end . Charlie walk toward the street and come across a guy outside in the dead - end who want to know what 's go on . then I see Alex further off , watch Charlie and try to figure out what 's happen . he have be alert by the police car ( and the noise of gunfire perhaps ) , but do not dare venture into the dead - end . one of the policeman come out of the bar and go over to he colleague wait for he behind the wheel of the car . they whisper a few word then the cop in the car call the station . 26 Alex be increasingly worried . he turn away hesitantly , try to look casual . but one of the policeman notice he nervous behavior . _ policeman - hey , you ! where be you go ? 's Alex turn round . the policeman walk over to he . policeman - show I you id ... Alex hesitates then take he id out . he try to look casual . the policeman examine the papers then stare at Alex . : policeman - wait here ... he go back to the car , take the papers with he . just then , the other two policeman come out of the bar with Victor , handcuff and still cry . Alex see they , sense a major drama , panic and run off towards the street without wait for he papers . the policeman turn round . policeman 1 - hey you ! stop ! just as Alex turn out of the dead - end , another uniform policeman who be wait just around the bend appear out of nowhere , alert by the shouting . he grab he gun but Alex , carry away , head - butt he right in the face . the policeman fall backwards , blood stream out of he nose , and drop he gun . his back crack against a concrete post . he scream . he can not get up . the coast be clear for Alex who dash off . on the sidewalk , a middle - age onlooker with a misplace sense of citizenship try to stop he . but Alex easily get away . and run off . the policeman who be in the dead - end be too late to follow he . but my vision catch up with he instantly . 18 - out of body vision ( exterior street , night ) I be fly over Alex who be run down the main drag , avoid the passer - by give he amused or excited look as he run by , without try to stop he . | then he dart down a small , desert , badly - light street on 7 = the right that lead he to another dark , quiet street . he turn leave . he glance over he shoulder from time to time to see if he be be follow . he run past a few seedy * restaurant and close store then reach a crossroad . he glance around then turn right . further on , Alex run past a dark dead - end backstreet . he stop and double back . a street lamp at the bottom light the back entrance of a nightclub : " the power " . the name be write on the heavy emergency exit door . the street be desert . Alex hesitates and look over he shoulder . no - one there . he run down to the bottom of the dead - end and dart up the metal fire - escape that lead to the upper floor of the club . he stop in front of the small door on the second floor and press he face up to look through the light window . he look reassure . he glance behind he again then knock on the door , while I go through the wall next to the window . 19 - out of body vision ( nightclub dressing room , night ) I find myself inside a dress room . moira be get dress for she show . she be wear one of she fabulous obscene pop outfit and be fix she wig . her enormous fake eyelash make she look like a barbie-doll . Alex knock on the safety - exit again . moira walk warily over to the door and open it a crack . Alex dash inside , panting . he close the door behind he . moira look at he , speechless . Alex - the bar be crawl with cop ... moira - what ? Alex be lean against the wall , get he breath back . moira wait for the rest . Alex - J get the hell out of there ... but I think they get oscar ... he have a bag of E on he for Victor ... he look at the floor . moira - so ? my brother 's no dealer ... 28 Alex - I know ... a bell ring in the dress - room . Alex jump . moira stare at the bell . _ moira - I gotta go down now . wait here , I will not be " tong ... a siren wail through the city in the distance . Alex automatically 's huddle into a dark corner of the room . his forehead be cover in sweat and he still have not get he breath back . moira walk hesitantly over to the window and peek out through the curtain . Alex - no-one will come in ? moira - no , do not worry . I will lock the door . she take she T-shirt off a slip a small black jacket on over she naked chest before leave the room . then she double back , switch the light off and leave , lock the door behind she . Alex stay alone in the purple half - light cast by the street lamp outside . I leave the room via the wall above the old wooden door . 20 - out of body vision ( corridor nightclub , night ) I emerge into.the. desert corridor , just above moira who be walk nervously towards the stair in she erotic outfit . she walk down the step lead backstage . time get distort . her footstep and all sound slow down while the dull beat of music thud out from the main room . her toe-nail be paint red under she fishnet stay - up stocking . she be wear very high - heele platform sandal and a miniskirt that be so short you catch a glimpse of she white panty . her lip shine deep red and ear-ring dangle from she ear . when she reach the bottom of the stair time go back to normal . moira straighten she clothes and stand behind a semi-opaque curtain pull across the open to the main room . she take a cigarette out of she jacket pocket , light it and absently smoke a few drag . the trance music stop . 70 — -_ she stub she cigarette out and tense up before push the curtain open . my vision accompany she through the wall . 21 - out of body vision ( backstage + stage nightclub , night ) moira be on the small stage in the club where a lot of young client be already dance to the frantic syncopate rhythm of a break - beat techno track . a symbolic obscenely - shape metal lighthouse over 6ft high tower at the foot of the stage . the light go on and the ray start spin round in the smoky room . the mechanism squeak a little . moira step into the light onto the raise part of the stage . move sensually , she post herself defiantly in front of the dancer . she part she jacket , revealing one of she breast to the public who whistle with joy . then she start dance with precise , jerky movement , strike increasingly sensual pose . the lighthouse give off special lighting effect . Red - hued circle of light rise up the lighthouse in time with the music . moira slowly lift she miniskirt up , revealing she wonderful white g-string . she take a long time to take it off with slow , supposedly lewd movement . she playfully slide she g-string into the open mouth of a young bare - chest boy dance ecstatically below she . his face be bead with sweat as he nibble on the panty until moira take they out of he mouth . yet this do not seem to disrupt he joy . with she pussy in full view , she miniskirt hitched up to she hip and she jacket half open , my sister dance on she platform heel , slide she hand between she thigh , up onto she hip and back over she ass . the crowd be at fever pitch and a few girl start imitate moira , without take they clothes off . just then , Charlie weave he way through the club . his presence bring I back to order and the music suddenly seem to disappear . my vision drift away from my sister and follow Charlie through the club up to the bar . 30 behind the bar , a dark -haire , stocky barman age 35 be busy serve the crowd . Charlie - mario ! mario ! mario , the barman , turn towards he . * Charlie manage to push he way to the bar . he lean over and whisper something in he ear . mario look worried . he abandon the client , step out from behind the bar and take Charlie off to a corner of the club . they start talk but I can not hear what they be say . mario look at a loss . he look over at moira . my vision pan over to she and thé music come blaring back . I fly quickly across the room , skim over the table and the clubber , back to moira who be finish off she show with she leg spread open . she appear to be play with herself with one hand while suck on the middle finger of she other hand , miming a insatiable desire . the music reach its climax . the lighthouse be gleam brighter and brighter , smoke jet out of the top , accompany by a powerful beam of white light . the music abruptly stop and all the light go out , except the bar light . in the middle of the smoke , moira gather she clothes up , eagerly applaud by the spectator . she head for the narrow backstage where morgane , another girl wear a vampirella - style vinyl outfit , be get ready to dance to the next track . 22 - out of body vision ( backstage nightclub - night ) moira put she g-string back on , fix she clothes and take she wig off . mario burst in , look very serious . mario - moira ... I gotta talk to you . moira turn round . Charlie be right behind mario . moira be surprised by the tone of he voice . moira - what 's up ? mario falter . Charlie step forward . Charlie - you do not know ? moira - no ... what ? Charlie - you brother .*. oscar ... 31 — they be both avoid she gaze . moira be get impatient . Charlie - ... he 's dead . my vision flicker . a black flash . follow by terrifying * sound . 23 - out of body vision ( interior bar , night ) abrupt return to the " here or there " . see from above , the police officer cross the main room , carry my body on a stretcher . my body be cover with the blood - stain tablecloth . only my hand and my foot stick out . Black flash again . 22 cont . - out of body vision ( interior nightclub , night ) and Charlie 's voice bring I back to the nightclub . Charlie - the cop do it . they come with a friend of you brother 's call Victor . they catch he yesterday with some E . and I think he grass on you brother . in any case ... moira - what ? but ... how do you know ? mario - he work at the bar where it happen . moira - but it ... it do not make sense ! Charlie - ... in any case , they laid a trap for he . he lock himself in the toilet and as he be armed , they shot at he ... moira - what ?! moira look at he uncomprehendingly . moira ( curtly ) - what the hell be you talk about ?!... Charlie be at a loss for word . they stand there in silence for a moment . moira spin round and run up the staircase . mario follow she and catch up with she in the corridor . he try to soothe she but moira , beside herself , push he away . moira - wait for I downstairs ... ok ? at a loss , mario do not move . mario - be you sure ? moira nod and walk over to the door of she dress room . she turn to face mario . _ moira ( with a jerky voice ) - yeah ... I will come down ... 's she take she key , open the door and disappear inside . mario hear she bolt the door inside . he hesitates , then turn round to go back down . my vision go through the wall ... 24 - out of body vision ( interior dressing room , night ) ... and emerge up near the ceiling in the dress room . moira be lean against the door stare blankly into space . moira - I do not believe it ... it 's not true ... in the purplish half - light , Alex watch she , as though wait for something else to happen . but nothing do . on the other side of the wall we hear mario go down the stair . moira seem to be have trouble breathe . moira - ... some guy ... say he 's dead ... Alex - what ? moira - yes ... . moira 's face tremble , as though she be try to hold back she tear . Alex stare at she . he walk over . moira ( very softly ) - ... he 's dead . she burst into tear . Alex hold she , squeezing she tighter and tighter . he can not console she , so he stroke she hair and stifles he own tear . Alex - oh no ... no ... moira huddle against he as he put he arm around she . moira - it 's not true , be it ...? still up by the ceiling , my vision move laterally into the middle of the room . at the same time , it go through light variation that follow a rhythm like a heart - beat . Alex cover moira 's lip in kiss to stop she talk . my sister hug he tighter and rub up against he . after a while , they body rhythm get more sexual . Alex reach coy down , unbutton he pants and , slide my sister ' panty easily to one side , enter she . I be draw towards they ... _ for the sake of convenience , they slide down to the floor 'o where , still wear they clothes , they start tenderly make love . the lighting in the room gradually get more purple along the wall and more orange in the middle . I come closer to the two of they . Alex be kissing moira passionately . still cry , she bury she head in he ' neck . she bite he gently , as though to stifle she tremble mouth and heavy breathe . moira - tell I he be not dead ... I try to show my presence again . but I be powerless . once again my vision go through everything I try to touch , include the flesh of they two body . my vision then settles again , but everything seem slightly double and a kind of halo have form around they body . a orange glow seeping out from between they body turn to yellow and start to pulsate . repulsive organic and liquid sound flood over I . a kind of barely perceptible transparent aud totally hazy ecioplasm materialize from the top of the room . it descend spasmodically towards they and seem to want to slide like a umbilical tentacle between Alex 's leg towards the vagina of my sister whose eye now seem to be look at I . this beautiful and slightly organic image disturb I . my vision back off nervously while a kind of light - color substance seem to flow through the ectoplasm towards my sister 's body . suddenly , a sharp sound screech out , louder and louder , and my vision pan . I discover the high -pitch buzzing be come from the naked light bulb of a lamp stand right next to I which be give off a increasingly harsh bright white light ... la 25 - white light ( clear secondary light ) the buzzing get louder and become a deafen * rumble . the white light invade my whole be while the rumbling shatter into a multitude of crystal - clear sound . ' whiteness . nothing but white . and , finally , a feel of oceanic peace . yet this time the sound and the light be not as pure and intense as the last white light I see . a few second later a murmur of human voice surge out of this void . I recognize my sister 's voice among they ... moira - stay ... my vision pan round and I can vaguely make out the image of they two writhe body through the virtually blind light . then the calmness be break by the noise of they passion . the light shift to yellow and the feature of the dress room gradually reappear from the side of my vision ... 24 cont . - out of body vision ( interior dressing room . night ) the.luminous yellow throbbing be now calmer and the silhouettes of moira and Alex reappear more sharply in the center of my field of vision . half - undress on the floor , they tender love- make be come to a end . Alex 's movement slow down . moira hold he back so that he will not withdraw . moira - stay ... my perception be still double in place around the two of they , create a half - halo , half after-image effect . as for the strange transparent ectoplasmic presence , it seem to be be absorb back into they . I move gently above they . the heartbeat of the light disappear at the same time as the after-image effect . I float down towards the couple . in the midst of they tear , they be kissing much mgre peacefully . 35 footstep approach in the corridor . Alex cover moira 's mouth to smother the noise of she breathe . they both freeze . someone knock on the door . it 's mario again . mario ( os ) - moira ?... be you alright ? let I in ... * the police be here , they want to talk to you . moira sit up . Alex do the same , obviously panicked . moira - ... yeah . I be ... ok . wait for I downstairs mario ... I will be right down ... mario ( os ) - do you need anything ? moira - no ... thank you . wait for I downstairs . mario press up against the door . mario ( os ) - moira ... I love you . moira can not suppress a awkward look before sadness wash over she face again . moira - I will be right with you ... mario 's footstep disappear off . after a last tender touch , Alex and moira get up and fix they clothes in silence . Alex - who tell you he 's dead ? moira - a guy who be at the bar ... Alex - they kill he in the bar ? moira shrug she shoulder . Alex look out of the window , crush . moira take she outfit off and slip she yellow dress on . Alex - maybe he 's wrong , maybe he 's only wounded ... moira shrug she shoulder and finish dress . moira - ' [ do not know ... I be off ... she look down . Alex too . then they look up at each other but no longer dare kiss . moira look distant . Alex start to get edgy . moira - what be you go to do ? Alex - right now I be gonna hide out . they have get my id ... Alex do not know what to say . they pace round the room . moira watch he anxiously . Alex - I have get to go ... moira - take care of yourself ... Alex go over to the fire exit . 36 Alex - see you soon ... he open the door and check no - one be outside . not know how to say goodbye to moira he disappear down the stair . my sister watch he go , then close * the door . she lean against the makeup table . I go up to she face . she look up and stare straight ahead . moira ( very softly , to herself ) - oscar ... you can not leave I ... then she lower she eye , helpless . moira - ... you can not just die like that ... you promise I ... follow this word my vision flicker around my sister who be unconsciously rub she thumb together . in a flash , I see two child 's thumb slit open and bond they blood . moira look up again and wrap she arm around she chest . a gust of wind she can not feel shoot through the room . then , while I be desperately try to make she feel my presence by swirl around she , moira start sobbing painfully again . . the-image of my sister in tear blur and turn into a image of she as a child while other silhouettes form around she . 26 - out of body vision ( interior dressing room , neither day nor night ) translucent body gradually take shape in the room bath in a indeterminate white , diffuse light . it be neither day nor night , nor interior nor exterior . the silhouettes float motionless , like in a state of weightlessness , some tilt but most of they horizontal . it soon become clear that they be not ghost , but the face and figure of multiple memory resurfacing in my mind . 37 = one of this vision seem clearer than the other . it be the vision of a couple in they thirty look at I with peaceful smile , like they can see I . they smile fill _ I with joy and peacefulness . 's the woman - oscar ... I ( os ) - Mom ... dad ... then other image of my parent invade the space I be in . they superimpose each other or drive each other away at great speed . this be the fragment of my past appear in chaotic disorder . what remain of the dress room disappear ... aw Te ttt rt 27 - series of flashbacks ( various place and time ) ' other memory flash nervously by , form a rapid , " gisorganiee reflection of what my short life have be . my youth , my childhood , my birth and my death flash past in no chronological order , interwoven with semi - abstract image ( landscape , house , cloud , flower , reflection in water , unknown face , etc ... ) .* the first image be very short , almost subliminal : '' Age 3 , I hold my newborn kid sister moira in my arm . 1 be at the beach with my parent on a rainy afternoon . a fabulous rainbow stretch overhead . '' later , I be lie on a bed , sick , and my mother give I something to eat . '' Age 3 , I rub myself against a damp towel hang in a sunny laundry room . * Age 6 , with two friend , I sniff a pair of woman 's panty . '' moira , grow - up , get undress i in front of I . '' Age 6 , I unfold the photo of a woman wear a wet bikini come out of the sea . '' my mother undress in the bathroom . '' around .5 , I be in my bath with little moira . we be laugh and look at my father who be take a picture of we . '' my parent argue . * I hit a boy at the orphanage . '' Victor try to hit I . '' Victor 's mother , a beautiful woman much older than I , kiss I on the mouth . * director 's note : during this memory , the Pov of oscar 's vision will not quite be a " subjective vision " any more , rather a kind of synthesise mental reconstruction of the past . in this part of the movie , more classically shot and more break down , oscar 's vision will stand slightly back from he body which we will often see in the foreground with he back turn . or 3 / 4 turn , to we but rarely face we . moreover . . the outline of he body will often be dark and undefine during this memory . 20 '' I as a child , sleep in the same bed as moira . ° Age 20 , kissing beautiful moira in front of a bus . '' as a child , tickle little moira trap between my _ knee . 's '' moira smile at mario . '' I walk down the street with mario towards the bar . '' Victor wait for I at the bar and give I a worried look . . '' Age 2 , roll between my parent in they bed while my mother breast - feed baby moira . * I as a baby , suck at my mother 's huge breast . '' Age 12 , swim underwater in a public swim pool . '' my father hold I up in the air and spin round and round . I ain 3 . ° Age 6 , clutching my mother who be stroking I and my little sister while my father pack bag into the trunk in the background . 28 - flashback ( exterior childhood home , day ) the rhythm of my memory finally slow down on this last scene that take place in the mid 80' . - my-mother be comforting moira and I while my father put the last bag in the trunk . I ( to my mother ) - will you plane fly real high ? my mother - yes , way above the cloud . it 's very beautiful . I cling tighter to my mother . my mother - do not worry , the week will fly by . and daddy will take good care of you . we get in the car , my parent in the front and we in back . my mother turn round to tell we to fasten we seat belt . a cc fo 29 - flashback ( exterior road + interior tunnel , day ) * my mother - watch out ...! a few minute later , my parent ' car be drive towards the entrance of a narrow tunnel . a red light be on above it . my father do not seem to have notice it and drive in all the same . . suddenly a truck arrive in the opposite direction appear , head straight for we . the white headlight fill the whole screen . the sound of a horn and screeching brake ring out . 30 - flashback ( exterior build and tunnel road , day ) the white clear away . moira and I be on the side of the road , in front of a building beside the entrance to the tunnel . we be look at a fireman who walk over awkwardly and crouch down in front of we . fireman - you parent ... they be ... still in shock , we look at he without understanding . the fireman be increasingly ill at ease . fireman - I mean ... they will not be come back ... some way behind he , in the midst of the emergency service come and go and the crowd of onlooker , ambulance man be carry two cover body on stretcher to a wait ambulance . the scrunch of metal slamm into metal , the screech of brake and the shatter of glass fill the air ... 29 cont . - flashback ( exterior road + tunnel , day ) the truck ram my parent car into a wall at the entrance to the tunnel . the windscreen shatter to smithereen . the inside of the car be splatter with blood and shard of glass . in a ultimate reflex reaction , I crouch over my sister and protect she with my body ... 4l 31 - flashback ( interior aunt' apartment , day ) the sound of the accident disappear . * a lovely photo of my parent with flower around they be display on the telephone iable . my aunt ( os ) you know we would really like to be able to keep you both , oscar ... I turn to look at my aunt who be very seriously explain she worry to I . I be sit with little 4 - year - old moira on one of the two camp bed that be clutter up a very modest live room . a few toy lie beside we . sitting nearby , little 2 - year -old tito look dumbly at we . my aunt - ... but it it 's impossible ... as I do not say anything , my aunt add , awkwardly : my aunt - one day you will understand what money be . money decide everything ... moira and I look at she in silence . 32 - flashback ( interior parent ' apartment , night ) a few day later , sit in the darkness of my parent 's yellow bedroom , I talk to my little sister . me.os ) - they do not want we . they be go to separate we . aunt want we to go to a orphanage . moira and I be sit on the floor under a dark window . suitcase aiid box be pile around we . moira - we will not see each other any more ? I - no ... but ... my sister 's lip droop sadly . I want to say something else but I swallow my word . I fix the razor blade I be hold then turn to moira . I - I promise we will never leave each other ... 33 - flashback ( exterior park , late afternoon ) moira and I , grow - up ; be lie on we back on the - grassy slope of a large park scattered with autumn leave . 42 the sun be hot behind the tree . moira be wear she golden yellow dress . I - do you remember the promise we make after mom _ and dad die ? ' moira - kind of ... moira half - shut she eye pensively , search for the memory . I - but it be a blood pact ... ( I giggle ) ... you sure you do not remember ? she do not reply but inspect she thumb . moira - umm ... 32 cont . - flashback ( interior parent apartment , night ) back to the promise with my little sister . moira - you will never ever leave I ? I - never . I take my sister 's hand and hold the razor blade up to it . moira be frighten and pull she arm away . I - you have to ... this be how pact be make . I squeeze she hand tight and cut a small nick in she thumb . then I cut mine . and we bond we two thumb together . blood trickle down we hand . moira go pale ; impressed . the sight of blood make she groan . we look at each other dizzily . 34 - flashback ( corridor orphanage , morning ) a few day later I be hugging a tearful little moira . I give she a big kiss and stroke she hair to soothe she . a man ( os ) - come on now , time to go ... I reluctantly break away from my sister and pick up a small suitcase . we be in a large gray corridor , near the open door of the director 's office . uncle and aunt be there , look at we . my aunt wipe the tear from she eye and pick moira up . my uncle awkwardly place he hand on my shoulder . ~ 43 oe L L cm uncle - be not you go to say goodbye ? I break away from he without a word and without a glance . then I wave softly at my sister . I - do not worry , moira ... * I go over to the man in the gray uniform who be wait for I and walk off down the corridor with he . moira try to wriggle out of my aunt 's arm and call out to I . 35 - flashback ( orphanage corridor and yard , morning ) at the other end of the corridor the supervisor open a door and we walk out into a large inner yard . the supervisor point to the wing opposite . supervisor - and the dormitory be up there . a little way away , a group of boy throw we scornful look and whisper among themselves . 36 - flashback ( exterior orphanage yard , day ) a few year later in the courtyard , a small group of boy wear gym kit and age around 10 , like I , come over . one of they , a boy a head taller than the other wear glass , address I confidentially . the other kid be already laugh . Boy - say , be not you mother 's name elsa ? I warily calculate my reply . I - ... uh huh ... why ? Boy - I know she real well , you know ... well no , I mean ... my father and ... a friend of he know she real well . she be good , huh ... a real horny bitch . apparently she use to make love like dog , on all four ... the boy lean over and thrust he hip to and for in a obscene gesture . the other boy be laugh they head off . my lip quiver . and my fist punch the boy with 's the glass right in the nose . he be hope I would do that . he grab I by the neck and push I up against the wall . then he knee I in the stomach , several time . * Boy - do not ever do that again you sonofabitch ! the other kid form a tight ring around we and watch I i have my head bashed in with great interest . ek 37 - flashback ( interior parent apartment , day ) . iam 5 . my face be scratch and I be cry . my tender respect smile mother console I and tend to my wound . behind we , little moira be play noisily . 38 - flashback ( interior orphanage dormitory , day ) back to the orphanage . I be about 10 and have bruise all over my face . I be lie on my bed , read a letter write by a child and cover in little drawing and heart . dear oscar , this year I have super new friend in the home , ! real nice . but the teacher want to drive I ts crazy . when be you come to see I ? I do not love you but I adore you !!! you loving little sister , moira xoxoxo write back soon please ! for cf of t T 39 - flashback ( interior dormitory girl home , day ) a few year later , now a teenager , I finish off a letter to . amy sister and re-read the last word : I will ' ' come see you soon . I get my ticket already . Love and kiss , '' oscar I slip the letter into a envelope cover in large color drawing . then I take a old photo out of a exercise book and look at it . it 's a very happy picture of moira and I in the bath . we be look at the camera and laugh . I look about 5 , moira be 3 . 40 - flashback ( interior bus , day ) Age 16 , I be sit in a bus . I tuck the photo away into my wallet . then I turn to look at the industrial suburban street roll past the window . . 41 - flashback ( exterior moira' home , day ) I be stand in front of the austere gray front of a girl 's home . I want to see moira . but a woman at the reception refuse to let I in . woman - I be sorry , but she 's go on a outing with she class for three day . but I can tell she you come , mr...? I - I be she brother ... a to they co 42 - flashback ( exterior sport ground , day ) I - ... my sister 's get some real cute friend ... and you * know what ? she tell I some of they will even let you go all the way ... I be chat with Victor who be 16 , like I , while friend of ours play a improvise baseball game on a municipal ground . '' 43 - flashback ( exterior STREET , day ) another time , Victor and I be walk down a suburban street . I - what about you , have you get laid yet ? Victor - ... Nah ... not yet ... have you ? I - I have sleep with two people already , but they be whore . Victor - be it good ? I - it 's real good inside ... it 's all warm and wet . 44 - flashback ( interior victor' apartment , evening ) suzy - and what happen to you parent ? I be 20 ' now . I be have dinner with Victor and he parent in a bourgeois apartment . Victor 's mother , suzy , be look at I . she be in she late forty , beautiful and friendly . I - they die in a accident ... suzy - oh ... ( she hesitates ) ... both of they ? 45 - flashback ( exterior road + tunnel , day ) New fragment of the accident come back to I : emergency worker getti ing I and my little sister out of the back seat of the car . - we be both in a state of shock . while they lead we towards a building , J look back and 47 glance through the front window where I see the bloody , motionless body of my parent slump among the debris cf glass and steel . the sight fill I with terror . 44 cont . - flashback ( interior victor' apartment , evening ) back to Victor 's apartment . / suzy - and you do not have a girlfriend ? I - no ... '' Victor smile stupidly . I look at suzy ... 46 - flashback ( interior anonymous bedroom , evening ) a few month later , in a anonymous bedroom , suzy be undress in front of I . she have a different hairstyle . I discover the detail of she curvy body . I - and you husband be not jealous ...? suzy - do not you worry about he . I stroke she hip with my hand then hold she lovingly in my arm . 's 44 cont . - flashback ( interior victor' apartment ) Victor 's father ( os ) - you know , if you be look for a job ... back to the meal . I take my eye off suzy and look at she husband . Father - I have a friend with a video company who 's look for a runner ... but he do not want Victor . you can go see he , tell he I send you . Victor stare at he plate and munch he food . CO gt at ob I — _ — to " 47 - flashback ( interior video company , day ) I leave the video office , which be cover in porn movie * poster , carry a package and go down into the courtyard where a motorbike be park . Victor be wait for I down ' there . Victor - my mom tell I you manage to rent the room . do not you want to show I ? I - not today . I get work to do . 48 - flashback ( interior studio , day ) I be sit in my studio , still virtually empty , with Max , a friend my age , he girlfriend and Alex . we be drink brews . Alex look at the wall . Alex - how much do you pay here ? I - 400 buck ... Alex turn round and pull a face . I - but with the job it 's fine ... Max - do you know Alex here 's the guy that share a loft with you cousin tito ? I - oh yeah ? 49 - flashback ( interior loft , day ) afternoon in Alex and tito 's loft . one side be full of Alex 's mess - paint , model , sculpture ... on the other side be squirly painting , sign by tito . I - I do not want to see you parent . that 's why I never come to see you ... I be slightly uneasy and remain stand while talk to my young 18 - year - old cousin . I - ... I will never forgive they for put moira and I in separate home , you know ... tito look down . Alex ifitervene . ag to estos Alex - how ' bout go to the movie ? the best movie ever make be play tonight . I ( to tito ) - ... but I be real happy to see you . _ islip my arm around tito 's shoulder . he smile . 50 - flashback ( interior movie theater , semi - darkness ) tito , Alex and I be in a seedy movie theater . a very scratch copy of " 2001 , a Space odyssey " be on the screen . the astronaut be crossing the door to infinity . Shots of color light flash by at breakneck speed . 51 - flashback ( interior underground parking lot , night ) tube of light zoom by . I be riding the motorbike from work in a underground parking lot . tito be behind I . the long concrete corridor be light for 100 yard by row of neon tube . I - you will see , it will be like in " 2001 " ... make sure you look at the tube on the ceiling , that 's what make it cool . I start up and go straight to fourth gear . tito be laugh and cling on tight . the neons zip by super-fast . I go. full speed . tito go tense . tito - stop ! I - but look ! the back wall be approach fast ... for a split second , the image of a truck crush my parent ' car flash up . I brake at the last moment . but the motorbike skid and crash into the wall . we jump off in time so we be not hurt . but the fork of the bike be completely shot . 52 - flashback ( interior studio , day ) later the same day I be clean the wound I get from . the accident . suzy be next to I . suzy - what 's happen about the bike then ? I - well , if have to pay the boss for the repair . and they fire I . suzy - I might be able to help you ... I - that 's very nice - of you , but I would not feel right . suzy - listen , you do not need to behave like that with I . she throw I a motherly smile . 53 - flashback ( interior studio , day ) a few hour later I be on my bed , kissing suzy . she have undress down to she corset . 1 stroke she breast in silence . suzy finger my fly and start to undo they . suzy - have you ever sleep with a boy ? I be surprised , then annoyed by the question . I - Hell no , never ... suzy - good ... she finish unbuttone my pants and slide she deléctable hand inside . at the same time I go down on she plump breast and slip one of she nipple into my mouth . 54 - flashback ( interior sex -shop , day ) Alex and I be flick through magazine in a huge sex shop . we be in front of the " over 40 " video section . I - do not tell anyone , but I sleep with Victor 's mother . Alex congratulate I and put the magazine he be look at back on the shelf . Alex - oh yeah ? tell I all ! I ( evasively ) - she 's hot ... we laugh . Alex - I too , I prefer older woman . a ) 55 - flashback ( interior studio , day ) I pin a small cut ad out of the paper for a job as assistant * concert lighting technician on the wall of my studio , next to a poster of a naked girl . 1 be wear a towel and be still wet fromi my shower . there be a knock at the door . I open it . Victor come in and perches on the arm of the sofa . Victor - be I disturbing you ? I - not at all . I take the towel off and slip my pants on . out the corner of my eye I see Victor quietly eyeing my body . I quickly finish dress . _ Victor - you go out ? I - yeah ... I be go to see some friend of Alex 's . Victor - can I come ? I - Nah , it 's kinda complicated ... we be go to pick up some stuff ... Victor - what ? pot ? I - yeah ... and some other stuff .. Victor - what other stuff ? I - some E maybe ... Victor - ohh ... if you find some could you get some for I ? I - erm ... ok , but not this time ... 56 - flashback ( landing + stair bruno' build , night ) bruno , a real nice guy my age , shake hand with Alex and I . bruno - so call I next week for the E. I nod and he shut the door . Alex stashes a package away in he jacket . we go down the stair . I - let 's have a look . Alex motion to I to be discreet . I - do you get a good deal ? a7 will oe tc ot tt ct Alex - yup . and it 's that new Amsterdam pot they grow in lab . it 's four time stronger than the other stuff ... Alex take a ready - roll joint out of he pocket and hand it to I . I get my lighter out , light the joint and * take two drag . 57 - flashback ( exterior STREET in front of bruno' build , night ) Alex and I leave the harsh gray building and walk along a desert street line with disus factory . we pass the joint as we go . Alex turn round from time to time to check we be not be follow . 58 - flashback ( exterior by canal , night ) a different night . we be dress differently and lean against the parapet of a quay opposite a small canal . I - God , this stuff really be strong !... I never really understand how a few drag of break leave could blow you mind open like this ... Alex - I dunno ; .. it 's some kinda electro-chemical thing go on between the neuron ... but drug be not the only thing that can do that , you know . apparently when you have a accident , you brain can secrete enough adrenalin to make you disconnect in a few second . you feel like you have go out of you body and you be go back over you whole life . I ( fascinate ) - oh yeah ? Alex can not find the word any more . we be totally out of it . we eye be red and we movement be get more and more shaky . Alex - ... yeah ... but the most mind - blow thing I have try up to now be dmt and acid . the problem be that stuff really fries you brain . a long pensive silence follow while Alex and I look at the surface of the canal in front of we . further off the canal disappear under a brick archway . down the street , | ae ) I . the silhouette of a old man carry plastic bag go by . Alex motion in that direction . Alex - see that arch ? that 's where you go into the " underworld " . " I - oh , yeah ... and how do you know there be people live in there ? Alex - everyone know it . they be bum , or illegal worker ... at least they can hide out in there . apparently you get whole family down there . I - have you be inside ? Alex - Nah , not yet ... I - it must be a nightmare ... we look at the canal again . and lose ourselves in deep think . 59 - flashback ( interior bar , night ) later the same night , Alex and I be drink beer at a table at the " here or there " . a tv set be on above the counter a sensationalist documentary on the chemistry of the brain and brain cell be on . we see endoscopic shot of the inside of a human brain . it look like a maze of tunnel full of float purpley - gray filament . stillestone , we be watch it attentively , we mouth hang open a bit too much . the owner stare at we with a " I aint stupid " look on he face . he whisper something to a customer at the bar . Alex notice and lean over to I with a unnecessarily dramatic look . Alex - do you feel the bad vibe here ? I - no ... Alex - let 's get out of here . I be too waste . for ree ( — 60 - flashback ( interior loft , day ) , another day , I be in Alex 's loft with he . a few sculpture and near-finished model be scattered on the floor . tito be there too . he be concentrate hard on a painting he 's do . Alex say to I : Alex - say , see as you be interested in alter state of consciousness ... Alex be look for something on a bookshelf . Alex - ... you should read this ... it 's " the tibetan Book of the Dead " . I look at the pretty mandala print on the cover . I - what be it ? Alex - it tell you about what 's wait for you when you die . I - what do you mean ? Alex - when you die , you spirit leave you body and start fly around ... the weird thing be that some people say they have experience the same thing by do breathe exercise . they call it a " out - of - body projection " . I try it once . I - what do you do ? Alex - well , you have to slow you breathe down ... you start off breathe in for five second , you keep the air inside you five second , you breathe out for five second and then you keep you lung empty for five second . then you slow down progressively to six second , then seven , eight ... you end up breathe once every two minute , or less even ... I will lend you a special cassette I have get ... 61 - flashback ( interior studio , night ) another day , at my place , I be do '' out of body " exercise . hypno-heal music from my cassette player waft through the room . a male voice with a blank , . serious tone recite what to do . sot awk moe tt follow he advice , I be stretch out on the bed with my eye close and my right hand in a glass of water . keeping with the rhythm of the music , I try to slow my _ breathe down . all the light be out . 's but the sound of the street outside break my concentration and I open my eye . 62 - flashback ( interior stairway + hall studio , day ) '' I - I can not do it , you know . Alex and I be walk down the stair in my building . we cross the entrance hall . Alex - that 's normal . you need a lot of training . and when it start work you freak out and it stop . I - yeah , but do you feel anything ? Alex - yes , once ... I see myself from the outside , I be float above myself . it barely last a second , but I be real scared . Alex - why ? Alex - I think I would not be able to come back . I stop in front of my mail box and open it . I find a letter that make I go all quiet . I open it and start read it while Alex carry on talk . Alex ( os ) - it apparently happen to schizophrenics , without they try . I have a aunt ... she be drink she tea one day and she find herself inside she cup look up at herself ... I be real excited by the letter . I look back up at Alex . I - it 's from moira , my sister ... 63 - flashback ( exterior moira' girl ' home , day ) a few month earlier , I be walk in the street with moira who have already grow into a woman with serious breast . we be walk along the outside of the home . my sister look a bit sad . she do not take she eye off I . 36 com eee wat vot moira - I could come and live with you ? I ( very proud ) - of course ... two of moira 's wild - look friend giggle behind we . the girl - what about we ? moira finally laugh and wave to they to shut up . * 62 cont . - flashback ( exterior hall + STREET studio , day ) I - ... she 's arrive Sunday . Alex and I leave the building ' and walk alongside the front . Alex - have it be a long time since you last see she ? I - month . then I add proudly : I ( over-excite ) - you will see , she 's turn into a real bombshell ... 64 - flashback ( exterior station , rainy dawn ) a beautiful pair of woman 's leg walk down the bus step . my eye travel up they , discover high - heele ankle boot ; a mini-skirt , then moira 's bust and face . it 's dawn . it 's raining in front of the bus station and I be soak . moira get off the metallic gray bus , follow by other passenger . she be indeed very beautiful . I be very move . I give she a clumsy hug and kiss she on the cheek . moira smile the whole time but do not say anything . I - do you have a good trip ? moira - uh huh ... the luggage haul of the bus open and a man get moira 's bag out . I take they . they be heavy . rt 65 - flashback ( interior studio , rainy morning ) we get back to my studio and set the bag down . the * apartment be spick - and -span . I have set up another bed opposite mine . tire from the journey , moira throw herself onto the _ bed I point out to she . I - do you want I to show you round town ? moira - ok ... later . she settles down and take off she jacket and cardigan , revealing a figure - hugging white cotton tank - top . then she stretch out on the bedspread . but she presence have get I all in a tizz and I pace around tidy object on the table for no reason . then I turn round and look at she again . 66 - flashback ( oscar' childhood room , rainy day ) my sister and I , age 6 and 4 , wear just we underwear , be cuddle on a bed cover in a bedspread that look a bit like the one at my studio . we can hear the rain against the window . , 67 - flashback ( interior studio , rainy day ) moira be now sit on the bed . she look out the window at the rain fall outside . moira - do it rain like this every day here ? I - no. moira - we there place to go out at night ? I hesitate . I - sure , there be load of place ... moira - to go dance ? I - uhh ... there be rave the whole time . moira - cool ! I be the techno queen ! I burst out laugh . ~ rnot I - that 's great , ' cos Max give I some invite for a club that 's just open ... I do not know if it 's any good , but we can always go take a look ... _ moira - will you have E ? ' [ look at she , throw . I - well , we will see ... 68 - flashback ( interior nightclub , night ) '' in the club , in the middle of the jam - pack dance floor , moira be go for it , dance quite lewdly in a bodystock and super-clingy hot-pant . move in rhythm to the music , she slide she hand up she long , supple thigh and up to she breast , caress they and simulate a state of trance before lift she arm up to the ceiling . her mouth part open and carefree happiness be write all over she face . there be guy around she who cannot take they eye off she . further off tito be rub up against nelly , a fresh - face , spontaneous 15 year - old girl . the atmosphere be pretty robotic , fashion and homo . Alex and I be sit on a chair by the dance floor , watch my sister 's dance in amusement . oo Alex - she 's on something be not she ? I - do it show ? the dj lead into a " ambient " track . moira come over . tito and nelly come over too . Alex smile at my sister . Alex - you be a hot dancer ! moira ( ecstatic with joy ) - when I dance I lose all control ! tito giggle . moira look Alex in the eye . Alex - I be real pleased to meet you at last . oscar 's be tell I about you for so long . the techno music start up again . moira - be you dance ? Alex - no , not just yet . sa mm p T orm ee mario , who we do not know yet , come over and try to talk to moira . she be surprised and not sure whether to answer . _ I drag she away , say we be leave . 's moira smile at he as he walk away . I pick up we thing and we leave the dance floor after say goodbye to Alex , tito and nelly . 60 - flashback ( exterior nightclub + street , night ) moira put she coat on in front of the entrance to the " power " . a drunken man next to we be feel up a girl 's ass . moira look at they . the man notice and say to I : man - hey , be you chick horny like this too ? I be embarrassed and I look away . but moira laugh . we walk away from the club and down a avenue without say anything . then moira break the silence . moira - do you go visit mom and dad 's grave much ? I - no , never , it freak I out too much ... 70 - flashback & ( interior studio , day ) I be look at a photo of my parent that I have slip inside " the tibetan Book of the Dead " . feeling moira watch I , I tuck the photo back inside the book and look at she . it 's daytime . we be sit at the table in my studio . I - listen to this ... I read she the summary on the back cover of the book . moira be wear a small pair of panty and a sweater . she go back to make a sandwich and turn the spacey music on the radio down . I ( with conviction ) - ... " in the first day follow death , the dead person 's ' spirit still believe it be among the live . it fly around they and try to communicate , | én i but the live can no longer feel its presence . then a first dazzle light appear to the spirit . it be a pathway to a higher plane where the spirit will finally be able to merge _ into the void . but most often the spirit back off , ' frighten . in the next few day , other light appear , each time a different color . but they be already weaker and less beautiful . the spirit cling on to the world of the live and refuse to let the light carry it off to higher plane . finally the light disappear and the decease 's vision become moré and more harrowing . for a long time the disembody ' solitary spirit cannot find peace anywhere . then one day the yellow glow appear . this be the last door that will bring the dead person back to the world of the live . he see couple make love inside the glow . he approach they , closer each time . he finally visualize a future life and slip into the womb he have choose . " I look at moira who obviously have not follow any of this . moira - you have not join a sect , I hope ? I - of course I have not ... it 's ... moira - because . whether they be Christians , buddhist or scientologist , they be all just as bad as each other . it 's incredible how ' tmuch bullshit they will dream up to take yout money off you and make you follow they like sheep . I p yes , I know ... but this be completely different ... moira - oh wake up ! we be at the dawn of the year 2000 . and it 's about time all that stuff stop . I shut up and put the book back down , annoyed . 71 - flashback ( interior studio , day ) a few minute later my sister , still in she underwear , be wash the cutlery at the sink . she suddenly look up at I . moira - incidentally , how do you make a live ? I - and you ? 4l - t jt L mn moira - you have to have a job , do not you ? I - I do not know ... what you really need be a well - define goal . moira - ... but it do not look like you do ... * I ( annoyed ) - what about you , what do you most wish for the in the world ? moira look up and think . moira - I do not know ... the man of my dream , perhaps . I - see ?... you do not aim very high ... the classic old stuff , a husband , a child , a apartment , a car ... that 's a pretty tacky lifetime goal , would not you say ? my sister look at I in surprise . 72 - flashback ( exterior STREET studio , day ) moira - ok , I be off ... Victor and I be sit on a public bench . moira leave we and head towards we building . I ( to Victor ) - do you still want some E ? I may be able to get some good one . Victor - through Alex ? I - no , not at all ... why through Alex ? Victor - no reason ... sure , I would love some . I -- they come in bag of 40 ... Victor - can we split they ? I - no , I do not have any money . but I can get they for you if you like , then maybe you can give I some ? Victor - ok . how much be they ? but I do not reply . for I have just catch sight of my sister on the sidewalk opposite , talk to someone . mario . he hand she something that look like a business card . and she pocket it . «7 coe 73 - flashback ( interior studio , night ) * I - what do that guy want this afternoon ? it 's night time . my sister be in she bed and I be in mine . I watch moira for a moment . she carry on flick through she magazine without answer . she finally put it down and look at I . I - he say he boss be look for dancer . I ( suspicious ) - who 's he boss ? moira - the guy who own the " power " . he tell I to go see they tomorrow . I - but what would you do at the " power " ? moira shrug she shoulder . moira - I do not know . I will find out tomorrow . I turn away , like I be ready to go to sleep . but the tick -tock of the alarm clock next to I prevent I from close my eye . I - well , I will come with you anyway . I hear moira sighing . 74 - flashback ( interior office nightclub , evening ) owner - ... all you have to do be dance sexily above the dance floor . if you be talented it 's a easy , well - pay job , but you will have to see what the other girl do ... you can stay tonight . and if you be interested we will try you out . the owner , moira , mario and I be sit in the owner 's office . moira accept . 75 - flashback ( interior nightclub , night ) later on , two very beautiful girl , one of whom be morgane , be do a double striptease on a small platform above the half - full dance floor . the metallic '' rr ot co lighthouse be not on , but other lighting effect spin round in time to the music . mario serve we a drink at the bar . I be drunk already . my _ presence seem to be disturbing moira who have turn 's she back on I . I take she arm , interrupt she inaudible conversation with mario , but she do not even turn round . I finish my drink and turn to mario . I - say , you have not even talk money with she ... mario - it 's pay ... I dunno ... 200 buck a ' night I think . I tot this up in my head , I - and ... er , do you need a lighting technician ? that 's my job ... moira barely conceal she impatience . mario - I do not decide that kind of stuff . I - well maybe you boss could answer I ? mario answer with a fix smile . mario - ... I do not think he need anything right now ... 76 - flashback ( exterior STREET , night ) moira and I be walk home . moira - you be real heavy back there ... I - what ? I be not lie . I have a lighting certificate , do not I ? moira shrug she shoulder , irritate . 77 - flashback ( interior studio , day ) another day , in my studio , I be change the light bulb above moira 's face in the mirror . morgane , the dancer from the " power " , be stand in front of the mirror , give my sister clothes and accessory to try on . then she pile moira 's hair up and put a wig on she . they both seem to have forget I be there . morgane stroke moira 's face . al co eto co morgane - you be really wonderful ... and I be say that with no ulterior motive ... . I watch they in amusement for a minute , then leave the _ room . 78 - flashback ( interior bruno' apartment , evening ) I be at bruno 's . Max be here too . good psychedelic music be play on the radio . I - could I take a bag of E ? I will pay you this week ... bruno - who 's it for ? I - I and a friend ... you do not know he , but there 's no danger . bruno hesitates . bruno - ok , but you gotta pay I by the end of the week ... and keep you mouth shut ... I - sure , you can trust I . bruno - how many do you want ? I - a bag of 50 , be that alright ? bruno - ok . bruno get up and go over to open a kind of safe . he take a package out , unfold it and take the second last see-through bag with 50 pill inside . he hand it to I . bruno - you should put they in the fridge if you do not want they to go off . I nod and tuck the bag safely away in the lining of my jacket . Max - how 's moira do ? I - she 's find a job do striptease ... at the " power " . Max - the " power " ? great ! we can go see she ... Max turn excitedly to bruno who smile and nod . I - I really do not think it 's that big of a deal . - co to co 79 - flashback ( exterior nightclub , night ) another evening , I be in front of the " power " with Max . * {'m argue with the bouncer . I - listen ... my sister 's dance tonight . bouncer - yeah well nobody tell I nothing . I can not let you in ... ; I - can not you get she for I ?... or ... or mario ? bouncer ( harder ) - watch my lip : no . if you wanna come in you have to pay . otherwise get out of here ... 80 - flashback ( interior studio , night ) later on , at home . it 's the middle of the night . the apartment be empty . I open the fridge and take out a tupperware where I stashed the bag of E . I take one out , pop it , and but the tupperware back in the freezer compartment . then I start pace round the dark room . the wind be blow in through the open window , carry the sound of a tv series that one of my neighbor must be watch . : tv .( os ) - ... under this skin , this flesh , flow the same blood that flow in my vein . and it will make you into a woman one day . a real woman . with my flesh and my blood ... I sit on my sister 's bed and go through she thing lie all over the bed . underwear and bodystockings . I pick up a pair of white panty and press they up against my face ... 66 B - flashback ( interior oscar' childhood room , rainy evening ) lying on the bedspread of my childhood bed , moira and I hug each other passionately in we white underwear . we be 4 and 6 . . 64 the 81 - flashback ( interior studio , dawn ) I open my eye , wake by the early - morning sound of * the dustcart in my street . it 's dawn . I sit up on the sofa . mcira 's bed be empty , she have not come home . I close my eye , shiver dnd stretch out . 82 - flashback ( interior studio , morning ) a few hour later the same morning , while I be sit in front of my empty coffee cup , moira come in . moira - hi. I grumble a reply , turn my back on she and pretend to tidy up . moira instantly notice my bad mood . moira - what 's up with you ? I turn to she . I - this place be a fuck mess . you can not even tidy you stuff away ... and you could let I know when you be plan on sleep over with that asshole of a barman ... moira look at I coldly . moira - listen , if you mean mario , I be not sleep with he ... and anyway , he 's a great guy . I purse my lip . I - you be pathetic . moira - maybe . but at least I be not fuck up ... I - do you use condom at least ? moira - that 's none of you business . I - I know enough girl that have get infect to know it happen easier than you think . moira , cold as ice , turn she back on I and do not answer . I - I even know one who die from sleep with one guy in she whole life ... moira turn back round with a ironic sneer . moira - you be not jealous , be you ? at co cc I grab my jacket and leave , slamm the door behind I . . 83 - flashback ( exterior road , day ) I - jealous ! I ?! I slam my boot into a empty vegetable crate lie on the sidewalk , shatter it . it 's evening and I be wander aimlessly down the street . I go by a fence cover in political poster . one of they portray a baby - face man wear a tie with the follow slogan : " taxation , corruption , unemployment , drug , Immigration , aids . stop the enemy within " , follow by the name of a party . 84 - flashback ( interior victor' apartment , evening ) Victor 's father be talk to he son , wrapping up a very simplistic explanation for world migratory movement and they perverse effect on international economy . I be sit at the table with they in front of the remain of dinner . suzy get up to take the dish to the kitchen . she.walk right by I and I can not help gaze at she butt . unlike he father , Victor notice my gaze . and I sense he . a awkward silence reign for a few moment . then I get up a little hastily and clumsily gather up the bottle on the table before vanish into the kitchen . I set the bottle down near the fridge and go over to suzy who be rinsing the plate . I stroke she arm . I - suzy ... suzy be very embarrassed . she push I away . suzy ( low whisper ) - not here ... right then Victor , who have come into the kitchen with some glass , look at we suspiciously . suzy pale . I walk away from she and turn round to face the door . I ( whisper to Victor ) - let 's ... let 's go to my_ place ... I have get some stiff ... 42 so Victor be still look at he mother , try to detect a new sign . he finally turn round and we go out . 85 - flashback ( interior studio , night ) later on , we be at my studio . moira 's not home . I show Victor the half - open bag of E . he look at it and nod . I - so I get you forty , and I keep three . be that ok ? Victor - yeah , yeah . I - I pop one the other day . they be excellent . I put the bag down in front of Victor who be digging in he pocket to pay I . I pocket the bill then take a huge joint out of a small box . I light it and hand it to Victor . I - the really cool thing about buy large bag like that be that it cost you half as much . Victor re-light the joint , take a few toke and pass it to I . then he point at the bag of pill . Victor - I be not go back home tonight ... so I will not take they all . just five or six . you can give I the rest later ... as I - no sweat .. - Victor take five 's E 's out the bag and put they in he cigarette pack . then we toke away till the joint 's finish . reeling from the pot , I lie down on my back . I - watch out ... I can feel the rocket take off ... we both get the giggle . especially I , because Victor suddenly stop laugh and get all serious . Victor - you and J be friend , huh ? I ( worried ) - sure thing ... Victor - can . I ask you a question ? I ( still worried ) - ... yes ... Victor - have you sleep with my mother ? I - what ? chill by the question , I sit up . Victor 's voice be crack , like he can no longer withhold a violent emotion . =. en Victor - tell I the truth ... have you sleep with my mother ? I ( hesitant ) - ... yes ... Victor - you know , you be ... you be . Victor can not finish he sentence , he lip be quivering too much . he grab a bottle and throw it at I . I dodge it just in time . Victor - ... you be lower than a piece of shit ... he dash over to hit I . but I be stronger than he be and I manage to retain he and pin he to the ground . Victor start weep he hatred . the tear spurt out of he eye . at the same time , he crack lip start pissing blood . Victor - you have no idea ... he run out the studio leave the door open behind he . a few moment later I run after he ... 86 - flashback ( exterior street , night ) when I get out onto the street Victor have already disappear . I go as far as the corner of the dark street that be virtually desert at this time of night . when I reach the crossroad , I see several police van control any color passer - by that look like immigrant . the pot be make I paranoid . my heart start beat fast . I turn back . 87 - flashback ( interior studio , dawn ) Dawn break . I sit up on my bed where I have fall asleep with my clothes on . moira be fast asleep on the bed next to I . her sheet only cover half of she body . I look at she . then get up and go sit by she . I run my hand over my sister 's back . she turn over in she sleep . her breast be show . I watch she fora long time , fascinate . a8 66 C - flashback ( oscar' childhood bedroom , rainy evening ) the memory of moira and I , age 4 and 6 , in we * ' underpant , hugging on a bed cover in a spread that look like the one in my studio , come back to I . but this time my ' little sister cuddle up to I half - asleep and say : moira - I want to marry you . 87 cont . - flashback ( interior studio , dawn ) back to the studio . moira be still sleep softly . I finally pull myself together and head towards the dark kitchen . 88 - flashback ( interior studio , morning ) daybreak in the kitchen . boil liquid splutter . I be heating up some coffee . it be still very early . the noise of the pan wake moira who half open she eye . moira - what 's go on ? I - nothing . just a minor anxiety attack . Dead tired , I turn the stove off , pad over to the table and pour the coffee into two mug . Victor - I have a fight with Victor ... 89 - flashback ( interior landing + studio , day ) a minute later I be on the landing by my front door , open a pack of cigarettes . I light one and go back inside . dress in a bathrobe and hold a towel in one hand , moira be drying she hair . moira - be suzy ... Victor 's mother ? the question surprise I . I answer warily . I - uh huh ... why ..? 7 moira - she just call to see if Victor be here . seem he do not come home all night ... I - oh shit ... _ [ puff nervously on my cigarette . 's moira put the towel down . I sit down pensively . moira shrug she shoulder . then she pull a pair of panty on , take she robe off and go over to she yellow dress lie on a chair . moira - shall we go for a walk ? 90 - flashback ( exterior park , late afternoon ) moira and I be lie on we back on the sloping lawn of a large park litter with autumn leave . the sun light up the tree with its warm ray . I - all I want be for we to be happy together you know ... moira look at I in surprise . moira - why do you say that ...? I - I do not know . it 's good to explain thing sometimes , do not you think ? moira - depend ... there 's no point in dramatize everything , you know . when there 's a problem , talk about it only make thing worse ... I - you have not understand what I mean ... moira shrug she shoulder but seem to be in a real good mood . I - by the way , remember the promise we make each other ...? 32 C - flashback ( exterior balcony studio , dusk ) half a hour later I be lean over the balcony finish a cigarette . the mental reconstruction of this moment in the past be no longer see from the same angle at which I really '' 72 live it . moreover , the decor and the action have become simplify . moira come over and lean against the wooden railing _ next to I . * we look out at the evening sky . above the tower in the distance , the little airplane scud across the sky . it rise silently up towards the orange-tinted cloud . a fluffy white line trail out behind it . I - do you like fly ? moira ( os ) - no ... '' I - why not ? I wait for she reply . moira ( os ) - ... I be scared ... the plane disappear into a cloud . I look at moira who be stare blankly out into space . I - ... scare of what ? moira turn round and go back inside . 92 - flashback ( interior studio , dusk ) I follow she in . she gather up some thing , put they into she bag and head for the door . moira - see you later . she : -turn round in the doorway . we smile at each other . suddenly all the sound disappear . I look at my sister in absolute silence . she be look back at I . the sound resurface . I snap to and look away . I - see you soon . the door close behind moira . I sit down on the bed and look for a stub of a joint . I light it . I lie down and smoke it while stare at the ceiling . a few second later , I stub the filter out in the ashtray . my hand grope for the light switch on the wall and flick it off . the light go out . I close my eye . tr — '' L. ( oa 93 - dream ( interior dream toilet stall , night ) a image with a dark , badly - define outline form : I * open a door and go into the squat- down toilet with the peel wall . a slab in the middle be splatter with red stain . above I , a white light bulb start vibrate , as do the whole room . this phenomenon be accompany by a loud whistle . I step back towards the door but it have disappear , now replace by a smooth wall . : a phone ring . the dream dissolves ... 94 - flashback ( interior studio , night ) I wake up . it 's night time . I pick up the phone , half asleep . a very nervous voice crackle down the line . Victor ( os ) - oscar ... it 's Victor . 95 - flashback ( interior studio , night ) a few minute ater , Alex be at my place . I take the pill out the fridge . me.- Victor 's wait for I at the bar ... you come with I ? Alex hesitates then nod . he be sit in a old beat - up armchair , flick through " the tibetan Book of the Dead " . Alex - so have you read it ? I put my shirt on . then turn round to see which book he 's talk about . I - yeah ... but can I keep it for another week ? Alex - sure . he close the book . I turn the light out . ta ' tj to or 96 - flashback ( exterior street , night ) _ Alex and I be walk down the street , head for the 's " here or there " . as we walk , the dialog , decor and position of object seem to charige more and more in relation to my initial perception . . Alex - I read something you would like today . two friend make a promise : the one who die first will come back and tell the other what happen after you die ... we turn the corner . a big concrete wall loom up at the end of the street . I - but I do not get it ... what 's the moral of you story ? Alex - well ... there 's no moral . it 's just that ... Alex take a pack of cigarettes out he pocket . but it 's empty . disappointed , he chuck it on the ground . Alex - ... you can not keep promise like that ... 97 - flashback ( interior bar , night ) Victor be wait for I inside the bar , very agitate . I sit down opposite he . Victor - forgive I . he look over to the entrance . I turn round . the two plain clothes cop stare at I . I instinctively get up . 98 - flashback ( interior toilet cubicle , night ) I lock myself into the toilet . I nervously take the bag out of my pocket and throw it into the toilet . I pull the chain but it leak and be not powerful enough to flush the bag away . the police be try to break the door down . I hear other man run over to help and shouting warning . I be go crazy with this bag still float there . the little window opposite I be too narrow . the police be kick the door and I be '' lose all control . I block the door with my foot and co they desperately yank the chain . a gunshot ring out on the other side of the door . suddenly , everything seem to slow down to a complete '' stop. as though stop time , my vision follow the bullet 's path backwards towards the gun ... then up towards the policeman 's face ... then past the face of he colleague watch ... then through the bar up to Victor 's face look at the door to \the bathroom in terror ... then off towards the owner ... and finally to Charlie behind the counter , who put a bottle down . time then start up again , but two minute earlier , before the bullet be fire . from now on the sound and the pass of time take on a purely emotional logic and I clearly perceive the feeling of each and every protagonist . from Charlie 's Pov , I see myself dash over to the bathroom , follow by the policeman . and I see Victor put he head in he hand and try to get up before a police officer make he sit straight back down . finally I see the owner come over to the toilet to see what 's go on while the police shout in all direction . my*vision follow the owner 's Pov . but he stop when he see one of the policeman bang on the door . my vision zip over to the three policeman and take on the Pov of one of they , while I hear my own voice ringing out from behind the door . I ( os ) - watch out or I will shoot ! I see the stunne surprise of the police who quickly move away from the door and make sign to each other . one of the police officer ( whisper ) - watch it , he may be trip ... the officer whose Pov I have adopt then see one of they take he gun out , while the third nod but motion to he to wait . I hear I shouting threat through the door a second . time . 76 — _s os ee ( — the third officer then signal to the one with the gun to aim it at the lock . he do so . then he signal to he to fire and just as he pull the trigger , my vision rush . towards the gun . time slow down again and my vision " accompany the bullet explode out of the barrel , through the lock and straight into my chest . bang ! the bullet burst out of my body and time and my memory go back to normal ... . I double up , clutching my tear chest . the police push on the door and I fall to my knee on the slab . the door finally burst open . and I collapse with my head on the edge of the hole . the white enamel be splatter with scale stain . a trickle of blood roll along the surface and into the hole . the break flush system spurt out dribble water . it wet the trainer of the police officer grop I down and shaking my head . I be lie on the ground in the fetal position on my right side . my right arm dangle over the hole . my sleeve be get drench in blood . my eye stare wide open towards my hand .. the soft trickle of the toilet flush give the situation . a falsely calm air . I suddenly cough blood onto the slab and my arm . I try to raise my hand but " it be not respond , only one finger move imperceptibly . the sound go muffle . after a few final effort my breathe stop and my eye stop move at the same time as my body . I be no longer breathe . the second tick silently by . this final vision zoom backwaid like it 's plummete into a pit ... 7 - ~ , on — 99 - tunnel of memories ( complex hallucinatory vision ) _ around this central image , other various image of my ' life gradually line up side by side , form a kind of latticework tunnel line with multiple obscure memory . hundred of image , voice and sound circulate and drow each other out . a muffle sound draw near . '' a black light appear 's in the middle of this complex twist tunnel and swallow all the image up like a bottomless pit . the muffle sound explode . Black flash ... 72 100 - out of body vision ( interior toilet stall , night ) . the nature of the black pit change . calm return , along with a very reassure liquid sound . the image have all go and the wall of the tunnel turn blue , white and red . the slab of the toilet gradually re-form again from the side , sloping at ground level just the way I see it when I die ... , the hole be in the middle but the bag of pill have disappear . my arm be not there any more either . and there be hardly any trace of blood leave either . a hand suddenly appear , scrubbing the slab with a brush . at the same time , my vision swoops up to the ceiling , next to the light bulb . down below , a young policeman be scrubbing the last bloodstain away . he put the scrubbing brush in a bucket and pull the chain . the noise gurgle out and a flash of light invade the room ... when the flash fade , the policeman have disappear and my body be lie there again in the fetal position on the bloody slab . another flash and it 's go ... the young policeman stand up in the stall and look out the open door . a familiar voice ring out in the next - door room . bar owner ( os ) - well ? on hearing this voice my vision flicker and be violently propel backwards through the wall . 101 - out of body vision ( interior bar , night ) I be above the counter in the empty bar again . Charlie have just come in . he goe§ over to he boss . a0 Charlie - I have tell he sister ... the image of the two man and the bar be tear away from _ I , as though I be move backwards then fly ' rapidly through shaft of light like the street of a city at night ... 102 - out of body vision ( interior dressing room , night ) I find myself in moira 's dress room where morgane , still in she vampirella get - up , be with the owner of the club . she smoke a cigarette while gather my sister 's belonging together . owner - ... and where be she now ? morgane - poor thing , she 's go to identify the body ... the image of the dress room be whisk away and I speed through the wall and the street of the city at night ... 103 - out of body vision ( interior morgue , night ) it take less than a second . my vision settles in a unknown place and I finally discover my own body , motionless and bloodless , just as a hand be lift up the sheet cover it . a police officer ( os ) - be this you brother ? two undercover cop and a morgue worker be ask moira to identify my corpse , which be lie on a metal trolley in the morgue room . my sister purse she lip , approach the body and look at it for . a few second . she nod in assent then take two step back and huddle into mario 's arm . he hold she tight , hide she face between he arm . mario ( to the police ) - be you do ? Police officer - yes . that 's fine . we be do . rn . L , g mario lead moira to the exit . the officer then turn to the morgue worker and nod at he . I float up to my face which look repulsively waxy and stiff . * Police officer ( os ) - you can take he away . wheel squeak and I accompany the worker push my body away ‘on the trolley . I be increasingly draw towards my eye . I end up glue to the immobile iris of my right eye . all sound go dim , like at the end of a dream . a few second pass in silence . then the noise of a metal door open boom out , immediately accompany by a deafen crackle that sound like a furnace . the glassy surface of my eye reflect very bright spot of light . this -spot start swirl inside my iris , multiply and fill the space with a powerful uniform blue light . this electric blue get stronger and become positively dazzle . my consciousness seem to fade into this monochrome light . 104 - out of body vision ( interior studio , day ) the noise of a whistling suction seem to want to carry I off to a unknown world . but this noise be too worry . and a white blotch grow bigger and bigger cover the blue background while the whistling noise finally disappear ... all of a sudden my vision be sweep backwards , emerge from a shiny white reflection on the surface of a strange metallic vase sit on a shelf . my vision be now float in my studio . it 's the afternoon . moira , tito , my uncle and my aunt be there . they be sit at the table in front of empty coffee cup . rl -_ moira - in any case , the asshole make sure there would be no autopsy ... tito - but where on earth would oscar have find a gun ? it 's a load of bull ! * uncle - but the bar owner sign a statement say he see he gun . tito - like liell ! Alex and Victor be the only one that know what happen . but Alex be on the run and fuck Victor would say anything to get out of jail ... uncle - perhaps you be right . but unfortunately there 's no deny he have the bag of drug ... anyway , it 's no use attack the police , they be stronger than we be ... moira , who be stand , move away from my uncle , unwilling to pursue the conversation . my aunt tum to she son . aunt - ... and will they be let Victor go ? tito - yeah , I think so ... next week . my uncle and tito get up to go . aunt ( in a whisper ) - what a ghastly story ...! moira look at she in contempt . tito and he parent go over to the door . I go through the wall and whoosh through several house in the town in a split second ... = 105 - out of body vision ( interior prison cell , day ) I find myscif inside a prison cell . see from above , a guard be stand in front of the open door . he motion to Victor . Guard - c'mon little baby . you mommy 's here to see you . Victor 's cellmate laugh knowingly . Victor walk out fearfully with he head down . I let myself slip through the wall . my vision take a split second to travel through the building to the visitor 's room ... 82 er 106 - out of body vision ( interior prison visitor's room , day ) I find myself above suzy who be with a lawyer , wait 's for she son behind a glass partition . lawyer - listen , I know it 's a awful thing to say , but if you son agree to cooperate with they they should let he go . crushed , suzy do not know how to answer . lawyer - as for the one that run away , he 's run a big risk . I imagine they have already tapped tito 's and moira 's phone . my vision leave the room and cross the city in a instant ... 107 - out of body vision ( interior studio , day ) ending up in my studio . it 's the end of another day . moira be sit on the white sheet on my bed , talk on the phone . moira - thanks mario , but I be do fine ... see you tomorrow ... she hang up and start sorting through my final belonging and pack they into bag and box . morgane be there help she . there be barely a single trace of my existence leave in the room . but there be a huge photo of I pin to the wall above what use to be my bed . moira must have put it up after my death . moira pick up " the tibetan Book of the Dead " , but instead of pack it away she start read the back cover . when she 's through she look up and she eye , calm at last , stare into the void . a feel of peace seep through I as well . White spot of light start swirl over the white book cover and they multiply , cover my vision with a powerful white uniform light . the light get stronger and become dazzle ... RI 108 - out of body vision ( interior underworld . half - light ) the suction seem to want to take I to a unknown * world . but the whoosh noise be too worry and I back away while a smoky gray glow rapidly stain one edge of this ' perfect white . it 's the detail of a image stretch rapidly over the white background . the whoosh suction noise finally disappear ... I discover a place that look like a cellar with damp gray wall , light by a paltry candle . next to the candle be Alex , curl up in a ball , shiver with cold . his nose be run . in front of the candle lie a fork and two empty can of food . my vision rise up through the ceiling , come out near the canal and instantly speed through the town ... 109 - out of body vision ( interior loft , rainy day ) ... to tito and Alex 's loft . Alex 's thing be scattered around the room amongst tito 's stuff . the loft be empty but I can hear voice . the front door be open . Three uniform police officer be talk to tito in the doorway . Police officer - do not forget , if he contact you and you do not let we know then you will be charge as a drug dealer 's accomplice and a accessory to a assault on a police officer . do you know the officer in question be now paralyze ? tito nod humbly . the police officer say goodbye coldly and leave . tito close the door behind they . he look worried . I go through the wall again and cross the town ... 110 - out of body vision ( exterior canal ; rainy day ) ... to a street where Alex * be walk up to a phone booth , shiver . he go inside . the canal and the entrance to the " underworld " be on the other side of the street . a few homeless - bum type guy be huddle near the archway watch the rain . bottle . lie at they foot . - * Alex dial a number in the phone booth . we hear the line ringing through the receiver ... 111 - out of body vision ( interior studio + bathroom , day ) the phone be ringing in my desert studio . nobody answer . sound of water reach I from the bathroom . I pass through the door ... .. into the bathroom , where moira be take a shower . she can hear the phone ringing but do not want to get out the shower . she lean she head back , open she mouth and swallow some shower spray . as she 's soap herself down she slip a finger into she vagina and inspect it anxiously . moira turn the shower tap off and step out the tub . her golden yellow dress be lie on the bidet . Light stream in from the skylight onto the yellow cloth . moira sit on the edge of the bathtub . yellow spot of light appear and start swirl around the dress . they gradually invade my vision , accompany by a prolong whistling . the color get stronger and become dazzle . 112 - out of body vision ( interior laboratory , day ) once again the suction seem to want to carry I away . but that sound be still just as worry and I draw back while a darker yellow and blue blotch loom up in the middle of the light and start to spread . it 's a detail of some floor tiling . the suction noise finally disappear and I find myself in a new set ... - moira be crouch inside a cubicle , pee into a glass container . she pull she panty up and fix she skirt . _ she pull a curtain back and walk back out into a small 's laboratory . she hold the container out to a young woman in a white coat who be sit behind a desk . nurse - the result will be ready in two day . 113 - out of body vision ( exterior uncle's build , evening ) moira - and you have not have any news from Alex ? moira be talk to tito who be busy repair a mope in front of he parent ' building . he be deeply absorb in he work . it 's evening . tito - no , he must have hole himself up somewhere . moira - be you sure he have not be arrest ? tito - not that I know of . the cop interrogate I about he again just two week ago . but if he 's around he will end up get in touch . he try to start the mope but it do not work . he notice moira be look put out and stop pedale . tito - why ? what 's up ? moira - I think I be pregnant ... tito - ... mario ? moira falter . moira - or rather Alex ... tito - ohh ... tito look at she in surprise and look for the right word . tito - and ... be you go to keep it ? she do not answer . he get off he mope and put he tool away . . tito - do you wanna come have dinner ? Mom would love to see you . moira pull a helpless face . RA 114 - out of body vision ( interior uncle's apartment , night ) moira , tito and he parent be sit at the table . they * eat in silence . the apartment be small . a sorry ceiling light hang above they . my aunt look at moira . aunt - you really do not have any luck . first you parent , then you brother ... make you wonder if some kid be not mark by fate ... opposite moira and my aunt , my uncle inspect he meat through thick glass . he nod in agreement . moira ( annoyed ) - you mean we should never have be bear ? my aunt be perturb by this direct question . aunt - well no ... of course not ... moira look down . so do tito , ashamed . 115 - out of body vision ( family planning office , gray day ) moira be in a family plan center , sit on a chair opposite a woman in a white coat . Doctor - be you sure you want a abortion ? moira - ... yes ... I have not plan on have a baby . especially not now . I be already have nightmare about it Doctor - but be give birth what frighten you ? moira - no ... I do not think so ... the doctor look at moira 's red sweater for a moment . Doctor - ok . I will fix you a appointment at the abortion clinic for next week . that will leave you a few more day to think it over . moira nod . Red spot start swirl around she sweater , gradually cover my vision with a intense , uniform light . the disturbing whistling sound reappear and try to carry I off . the red get stronger and become dazzle . 116 - out of body vision ( interior clinic , gray day ) _ but drab reddish glow stain this bright red light . they ‘are the tile of a orange- brown corridor . the noise finally disappear and everything become clear again ... a few day have pass . moira and tito be walk down the corridor of a clinic where a nurse be listen to a large radio set . tito - be you sure about you decision ? moira - yes , otherwise I will not be able to carry on work . they walk on sadly . moira - still no news from Alex ? tito - no . I know the cop be still look for he ... moira - what do you think he would do if he be in my shoe ? tito - I do not know ... he 's a bit ... erm ... tell I something , be you in love with he ? moira - ... not really ... tito feel a little embarrassed . moira follow on . moira - anyway , it 's nice of you to come with I ... he smile at she and start to say something but do not finish . then silence . they carry on walk , head bow . a very ugly , very kind man open the door to a surgery . he 's the doctor . my vision go through the wall ... 117 - out of body vision ( interior surgery abortion clinic , gray day ) he usher moira into a small room furnish with a desk , a sink , a pharmaceutical cabinet and a examination table . a trolley with medical and gynecological instrument on it be set up next to the table . tito have stay outside . the doctor talk to moira in a very fatherly manner . 88 Doctor - you may take you clothes off and lie down on the table ... moira nervously follow he direction . she half - _ undress , keep she bra and white panty on . and she 's sock . the sound of small child play ball drift in through the half - open ' window . moira look over at it . the doctor then motion to she to sit on the table . while she do so , he put on a sterilize latex glove . he come back to the examine table , where moira have now take off she panty . he give she a relaxed smile and fix the pillow under she head . moira do not smile back . Doctor - do not worry , I be just go to examine you before give you the abortion pill . as for the egg , you will go quietly home and if all go well you should lose it within the next couple of hour . moira lower she head . moira - thank you ... I go through a wall ... 118 - out of body vision ( interior bruno' apartment , evening ) ... and emerge in bruno 's apartment . my friend Max be there too , just swallow a pill . Max - what 's really cool be that there be new pill the whole time now ... bruno laugh . bruno - now can just sit back and relax ' cos you will see , the trip 's real long with this one and you will soon reach such intense oceanic peace you will feel like you be re-living life in the womb ... the floor and the furniture around they be cover in manga , record and book ... Max settles comfortably back into the red armchair and close he eye . Max - Far out ... : I go back through the wall ... r90 119 - out of body vision ( interior bathroom . day ) ... and find myself in the small bathroom in my studio a " few hour later the same night . moira be clutching she stomach and moan . she be sit on the toilet . she stand up shakily but constantly double over in spasm . her face be soak with tear . the toilet bowl be bath in blood . a shapeless clot be float in the water , surely the embryo . . tito knock on the door but get no answer . I go through the wall ... 120 - out of body vision ( interior studio , evening ) on the other side , tito have he ear press up against the wooden bathroom door . he can hear moira cry . he knock again . the cry stop . he stay press up against the door . - he hear moira come up to the door and press she ear to it too . tito - be you okay ? moira ( os ) - ... hang on ... he hear she breathe , then step away . the toilet flush . the bolt slide back . the handle turn . the door open . moira come out , walk across the room and curl up on she bed . tito follow she in the half - light and lean over she : she be pale and she eye be wet . he sit down next to she and slip he arm around she shoulder . tito - well ? she try to smile but sink back into she depressive state . moira - ... that be all I have . tito hug she and dry she cheek . tito - you ... you can come to the loft as often as you like . that way you will not be alone ... moira look into he eye . tito look down . a moira give he a sisterly hug and shut she eye . they stay there without move . moira seem to be fall asleep on she cousin 's knee . 121 - out of body vision ( interior loft , day ) tito - that 's my latest painting ... later that night , tito and moira be in - tito 's loft . he show she a painting of a brightly color landscape with - three people walk under a apocalyptic but gleeful storm . . he turn back to moira who do not know what to say . she look away at a model sculpt out of stone . tito - Alex do that model . moira go over to take a closer look . it 's a model of a little house on a hill . it be surround by cross . they look like a derelict cemetery . moira - have you know he long ? I mean , do not you think he 's a little ... bizarre ? tito - no ... we get on real well , anyway . maybe ' cos we do the same thing ... moira - ... be you go to be able to keep the loft ? tito - why ? moira - be not it in he name ? tito - well yes , but ... the door open . nelly come in , as young , fresh and spontaneous as ever . she seem surprised to see moira but come over and give she a affectionate kiss . nelly ( to moira ) - do it go well ...? nelly smile , then grimace at she clumsy question . moira look she in the eye , half blankly , half cheer up by she question . moira - yes ... tito look at moira . her eye be heavy with sleep . tito ( to moira ) - you look beat . take the bed . we can sleep on the floor . moira hesitates . 91 - 122 - out of body vision ( interior loft , night ) later that night , tito and nelly be cuddle under a ' green blanket on the floor . they whisper thing we can not hear . a few foot away , moira open she eye in the bed and look at they . nelly turn round and see moira . they look at each other in silence . moira close she eye . Green spot of light swirl around the blanket with a loud whistling , whoosh sound . they invade my vision . the whoosh sound of a violent suction seem to want to carry I off . the green get stronger and become dazzle . 123 - out of body vision ( interior nightclub , evening ) but a darker blotch spread through the green light . it 's the dark green of a pool table . the image clear and the whistling finally stop ... my vision be now float inside a nightclub . moira come out of small office with she boss who pat she head . they go into the main room . the owner shake she hand . owner - do not worry , morgane can replace you . she be about to leave when mario , who have be talk to another barman , run up to she . mario - the boss tell I you be sick ? moira - ... I be not sick ... but I need a rest . mario - ... why ? moira be silent for a second before add , softly : moira - I have a abortion ... but it be not yours . it be Alex 's baby . mario tense but try not to show he hatred in front of he colleague , busy get ready nearby . he take he lighter out and furiously light a cigarette . I go through the wall away from the " power " ... 92 124 - out of body vision ( exterior STREET + phone booth . evening ) .. and find myself in a small desert street next to a * phone booth . Alex be inside , talk anxiously to someone . Alex - ... I think of you because I can not call any of my friend ... and you be the only person who can help I ... I be in big , big trouble ... can I come see you ? Alex listen to the person on the other end of the line . Alex - no ... yes , money too , but that 's not the problem ... I have to leave the country ... no , really , it 's a drug thing . but I will explain ... then he start cough as though he would catch a real bad bronchitis . 125 - out of body vision ( interior loft , night ) I come back to the loft where moira , nelly , tito , Max and another guy be sit on the floor amidst empty plate and unmatch cutlery . they be do eat and all look like they be bored . moira be the most mature of they . one of the’ guy be sprawle on the floor listen to monotone music while Max look at tito 's painting . he be hold a beer . Max ( to tito ) - have you ever take " microdot " ? tito - no ... have you ? Max - yes . you would like they ... they be like lsd except you go twice as high and it last 18 hour instead of six ... they be real small , like pepper corn , and they be cheap . but they be real hard to get hold of . he turn to moira with a seductive smile and offer she a glass of beer . she refuse . he insist , feign offense . but she refuse again . tito ( to Max ) - do not you want to go to the rave ? Max - D ' you wanna go ? tito - Nah . I would rather stay here and paint . 93 Max look inquiringly at the girl . nelly seem to be in two mind . moira do not want to go . Max stand there pensively . silence ensue while the music come to a end . * Max ( to tito ) - have you hear from Victor ? tito - no , but he 's out , and I think he 's pretty rough . Max - yeah , 'no kid ... moira get up , annoyed . Max shut up . moira head for the kitchen . my vision speed out the loft ... 126 - out of body vision ( interior victor' apartment , night ) Victor be in the kitchen with he parent . they be have a big row . suzy - ... yes , well , that 's enough now ! Victor - oh just shut it ... the only thing you ever think about be you ass ! Victor 's father - I will not have you speak to you mother like that ! Victor - wo not you ? you sad bastard . she fuck all my friend and you be play man of the house ! his father slap he hard across the face , then mumble a inaudible threat . Victor stifles he tear and leave the room , shouting : Victor - fuck off and die , both of you ! suzy be roote to the spot against the wall . Victor slam the door behind he . my vision zoom back to the loft ... 127 - out of body vision ( interior loft , night ) later that night in tito 's loft , moira be lean out the window take deep breath . we hear tito close the door behind he friend . nelly come over to moira . nelly - be you feel alright ? moira - I will be ok . a few second later moira lift she head . moira - it 's go ... nelly - what do you think of they ? . moira - maybe.it because of oscar , but I can not stand ' guy who go about drug any more ... moira motion minor disgust . nelly look at she . nelly - come sit down . the two girl go sit on the bed . nelly stroke moira 's back in a motherly fashion . nelly - it 's alright , it 's over now ... moira smile and nelly lean down to listen to she heart . moira put she arm around nelly and unbutton she shirt . they look at each other tenderly . moira lie down . opposite they , a blurry - eye tito be develop he latest painting . he be add loud color pretty much everywhere . he try to shut one eye to get a better perspective on he brush but he can not . every time he try to close one eye , the two of they close . tito glance over at the bed . and again . unable to concentrate on he painting he yawn and set he brush down . he switch off the light in the loft . the girl stop talk . he take he shirt and pants off . he slip in between nelly and moira , smile . Little by little the three body curl around each other and start to move . they arm all lock passionately . tito ease out of nelly 's arm and snuggle into moira 's . she moan . nelly put she mouth over moira 's . 127 cont . - out of body vision ( interior loft , night ) later that night , nelly and tito be sleep peacefully . they arm be clasped around moira who be lie naked between the two of they , she eye wide open . she be stare at the ceiling above the bed . then she tilt _ she head and look at the little stone house Alex make , a8 transfix . it look very real . the ray of the moon be beam down on it . spot of five different color swirl through my vision , * ¢reating blue , white , yellow red and green patch of light . the whistling sound be there , suck I up again . the color get stronger and become dazzle . 128 - out of body vision ( exterior caretaker' lodge , rainy day ) but the corner of my vision cloud over . and a blotch appear in each band of light , the same color as the light , but darker . a new decor form and the whistling sound die away ... the door to my caretaker 's lodge open in front of moira . moira - be there any mail for I ? caretaker - no , nothing ... by the way , when be you leave ? moira look disappointed . moira - right now , I be go to pack my bag . she thanks the caretaker and go up the stair . 129 - out of body vision ( interior landing , rainy day ) a man be sit on the landing in front of the door to we studio . it 's mario . he stand up . moira be surprised to find he there . moira - be you wait for I ? mario - yeah ... I have be wait a while ... where have you be this last few day ? moira do not reply . she get she key out and open the door . they go inside . my vision go through the wall ... 96 130 - out of body vision ( interior studio , day ) the room be plunge in semi-darkness . the light bulb in * the wall go on . moira be kneel on she bed , screwing the light bulb in . she get up : and , look a little distraught , glance around at the mess . she pick up a few clothes and put they in a bag . she be cold . mario sit down on my sofa . mario ( serious ) - we have to talk . I have a proposal for you ... moira notice my portrait pin above the sofa . she look pensively at it . 131 - out of body vision ( exterior mario' build , evening ) my bird 's eye vision accompany moira and mario walk down the street at twilight . he put he arm around she but she shrug it away . they carry on talk but I can not hear what they be say . all of a sudden they stop in front of the small building where mario life . they disappear through the door with its peel paintwork . I fly off somewhere else ... 132 - out of body vision ( interior loft , night ) Lam back at tito 's . he be pace around . it 's very late . tito - what the fuck be she do ? nelly be watch a program on the tv . she look at tito . nelly - do not worry , she 's a big girl ... nelly watch she boyfriend pace about and tidy thing away for no reason . a woman be talk about she life on the tv . woman ( os tv ) - well I have try to shoot myself several time but I always miss , thank God ... you 97 know , there 's nothing that great about my life , but it 's like be give a ticket to go see a movie . like I soon realize the movie suck , but as I know I will never see _ another one I figure I may as well see it through , maybe 's there will be a great scene at the end to justify the other stuff . I know I be probably get my hope up for nothing , but that 's all I need to stay alive ... tito - Jesus , get she off ... nelly pick up a remote and zap . then she give tito a worried look . , nelly - tito , do you love she more than I ? tito laugh and sit down on the bed beside she , in a good mood again . tito - do you ...? nelly smile . just then the first instrumental bar of a zippy pop video ring out . psychedelic image appear . tito and nelly hug each other and stare at the tv . various tinted spot start swirl around the screen . they gradually create a kind of concentric rainbow of extremely pure light . this fabulous rainbow fill my vision . and a whistling sound , much gentler than the previous one , seem to drift out of the middle of this halo and want to suck I in ... 133 - out of body vision ( interior loft , morning ) a dark blue light appear in the middle and spread , bring a new image that finally make the rainbow and the whistling disappear ... the tv be now off in tito 's loft where morning break , dark and blue . moira be gather up a few belonging and pack they into a case . tito enter . tito - at last ! where be you ?... we be worried ... tito look at the case and ply for a answer . or moira - I be go to live at mario 's . tito do not move . tito - but ... I think ... _ moira - do not be upset . 's she straighten up and go to give he a kiss on the lip but he turn he head away . tito - but be not you happy here ? moira - well , for the moment I would rather stay with he . tito look at the floor , defeat . moira turn she back on he and look off in the distance , through the loft window . the street be empty . the city tower loom on the horizon . tito - what if Alex come back ? moira ( very surprised by the question ) - well ... he would go straight to jail ... would not he ? tito do not know what to say . he look deject . 134 - out of body vision ( interior mario' house , night ) mario - listen , not only do he injure a cop but he also run away ... moira do not look convinced . mario play he last card . mario - ... and there 's a warrant out for he arrest . moira - how do you know ? mario - | already tell you . a cop tell I . moira look away . it 's night . they be both at mario 's . the decoration be insipid and low class . on a shelf , frame photo of mario and he family be arrange around a strange metallic vase that we have see before at moira 's studio . moira 's belonging be scattered all over the room . mario - please do not talk to I about he again . mario be peeve . he bustles around the room and sit down at a table , deliberately turn he back on moira . he start watch a box match on the tv . moira pick up the frame photo of we two as child , laugh in we bath tub , that be lie amongst she thing . 99 then she leave the room . I go through the wall that separate I from the outside ... 135 - out of body vision ( exterior mario' little garden , night ) I find myself a few foot above the overgrown garden that moira be walk through . mario life on the ground floor of a small , old building in a semi-industrial suburb . my sister sit down on a bench between bare branch . she shiver from the cold and look up at the star . the night be a deep , dark blue . the tv go off inside . mario come out and go over to moira . he pretend to be interested in the sky . mario - you know , I think the two of we could be real happy together ... moira do not answer . doubt-ridden second tick by . mario - be you think about the star ? moira - I be think about oscar ... mario sit down next to she . moira - it 's funny , I do not really realize he be dead at first . for a long time I feel like there be a kind of presence around I . only now ... all of a sudden , I really feel : that ... well , that he 's go for good ... and I be all alone ... mario be irritate by she reply . at the same time , my vision get agitate too . mario insist . mario - you do not think we could be happy ? moira - I hope so . mario ( annoyed ) - I be not keep you here , you know . you can split when you want ... at least that would make thing clear . he get up abruptly . moira grab he , kiss he and clasp he to she . moira - I love you . mario shrug he shoulder . moira - you know , I be only jwenty , but I sometimes feel like my whole life be behind I .. 100 mario - there 's no point rehash the past . if I start think about all the people I have lose I could start cry too ... _ they head back to the house . ' mario - my mom know a woman who wake up at the morgue . she tell she there be absolutely nothing to see , that everything be black . moira - ... mm , I know ... mario - ... the future be the only thing ...- my vision flicker . I dive down onto moira 's head but I - go through she flesh . I tum round , try to knock into she again . but it 's no use , I go through she body again . I fly up above she . mario and moira walk towards the house . I fling myself at moira one last time , pass through she from head to toe . it 's no good , I plunge into the dark soil ... where there be nothing to see .. nothing but black ... 101 - 136 - alter subjective vision ( interior morgue , day ) + still black ... but noise slowly break through the silence : a electric buzzing ; gentle , regular plumbing sound then , closer and more muffle , something that sound like rasp breathe . then a slit of horizontal light split through the darkness . the slit widen , like ' eyelid open . my eye be cover by a pale green cloth . through the cloth , I glimpse the light from a neon tube .* I lift up the cloth cover my face with one hand . the white paint ceiling be slightly stain with damp . nearby , lie on a table , the foot of a corpse stick out from under a sheet . I be at the morgue . the room look like a huge , empty hospital room with a few table and a row of sink on one side . I try to get up but slump back down . I lie still for a moment , breathe jerkily . I hear footstep . my vision blur and go black again . 137 - alter subjective vision = ( interior morgue , day ) I open my eye 's again . I be lie on a table in another room . a few foot in front of I , a police officer be talk to a doctor in a white coat . I moan . the doctor come over and examine my eye . Doctor - I have never see anything like this before . the police officer come over too . he wave he hand in front of my eye . Police officer - ... can you see I ?... Daniel , come over here ! * director 's note : from this scene on , oscar go back to a subjective Pov like the one before he déath but now slightly alter , as though he have not fully recover all he sensory capacity . 102 I glimpse the silhouette of the man name Daniel stand behind the door with he back firmly turn . the police officer go over to get he . Police officer ( os ) - he 's open he eye ... " he take he colleague by the arm but the latter snatch it away and walk off into the corridor . I hear they whisper to each other . I raise a finger towards the door . but my finger flop back down . and my eyelid close . 138 - alter subjective vision ( interior room in morgue , day ) my eyelid open again . a male nurse be wash my wounded chest in a small tile room . on the other side of a glass door , the dector be talk to a police officer . Doctor - ... I do not know ... but he 's alive alright and we can not keep he here ... you take he , or have he transfer to the hospital . Police officer - but he do not even have civil status any more ... I mean , we can hardly bury he , can we ? Doctor - I do not know ... contact he family . my eyelid close again . : 139 - alter subjective vision ( interior room in morgue , day ) my eyelid open . the door to the tile room close behind I . helped by a male nurse , I be shuffle down a dreary gray corridor . a police officer accompany we . we arrive in front of another door . the police officer open it : it give on to a wait room . moira and tito be already there . tito avoid my eye and look down as he greet I . moira , who be stand on the other side of the room , smile nervously when she see I . she say nothing . Police officer - here he be ... he 's yours now . it might be better if he sit down .~ 103 male nurse - we will be right next door . he smile and leave with the police officer . I stumble into the room . tito be hesitant about help I . I go over to my sister who look at I , petrify . I faise my hand to touch she . moira instinctively shrink back . I stand still . fito make a effort : he put he arm around my waist and lead I over to the bench . I sit down . tito - be you ok ? I carry on look at , moira , without answer . she keep she distance and open the window to let some air in . moira ( to tito ) - I be sorry . I can not help it . embarrass by moira 's reaction , tito pretend nothing happen . he sit down next to I . tito - can not you talk ? my eye blink . 140 - alter subjective vision ( int . mario' car , in front of morgue , day ) I be in the back of a old sport car . through the window I can see tito talk to a morgue official and a police officer . we be in front of the main entrance of a official , gray building . above the parking lot I can hear a train rumbling along the elevate railway . tito - ... you really can not keep he ? morgue official - well no ... I mean , he 's not ... he shut up at the sight of tito and moira 's anguish expression . Police officer - ... well he be lucky , anyway ... let we know if he get he speech back . mario be in front of I at the wheel . moira be next to he , smoking a cigarette . mario tap the wheel impatiently . moira glance over at the back seat . moira - look at he ... it 's obvious he be not normal ... it 's not the same oscar ... mario - shut up ! tito take he leave of the two man and come back to the car . he slide in beside I , behind mario , and close the door . mario - well , where we go ? * a strain silence occur . mario abruptly start drive . moira - ... I can not deal with this ... tito look out at the sidewalk roll by . I slowly raise my right hand and put it on my sister 's shoulder . she scream . mario slam on the brake , turn round and shove I back . the same situation recur , as though time be go in circle , but with slight variation in the attitude of the protagonist . mario 's gesture get progressively rougher until he punch I , make I close my eye . tito ( os ) - cool it ! mario ( os ) - see as you want he so much we will leave he at you place ! tito ( os , very quietly ) - ... asshole ... 141 - alter subjective vision ( interior loft , night ) I open my eye . tito be sit opposite , stare hard at I .- we be in he loft . it 's night time . the place be a real mess . tito - ... ah , you be awake at last ... you get off pretty well in the end ... not like Alex ... he may even be dead because of you ... and you be here , break we ball ... I hope you be not hungry ' cos there 's nothing to eat ... and do not start think I be go to keep you here , you will be go to you sister 's tomorrow ... I be only you cousin . I mean , there 's no reason I should do you any favor ... we be never really friend , right ?... and you be real ungrateful to my parent ... to a lot of people , in fact ... know what ? I always think you be a real creep ... but now you be just a vegetable ... at least that will stop you from hurt other people ... 105 - _ a t tito 's voice change pitch . behind he , the room seem to be compress . I close my eye . 142 - alter subjective vision ( interior lof I , night ) I open my eye again : the loft be cramped and dark . tito have go . lean on my right hand , I heave myself out of the armchair I be sleep in and head for the front door . in the darkness I can make out the house Alex sculpt . I blink . 143 - alter subjective vision ( exterior street + canal , night ) I be in the street . the night be desert and colorless . the wind rustle a few old papers that flutter up from the wet ground . a sewer pipe gurgle like some kind of animal . to the right be a canal . I walk along the quay and arrive at the archway lead to the " underworld " . a sign warn that entry be forbidden . but I continue my walk along the quay , inside the tunnel . the_darkness deepen and the arch get slightly narrower . a few rat dart out in front of I . in a high - level alcove , two bum be sleep , form a big shapeless bulk . I carry on . a 144 - alter subjective vision ( interior underworld , night ) a few yard further on I turn round . the arch and the canal seem to have disappear behind I . all I can see be the smooth , impenetrable wall . so I carry on walk along the damp -stain tunnel and go past a old plaque with rusted letter . all of a sudden the tunnel open into a larger space . I glimpse candlelight at the end . I head towards it and discover some stair . I go up they . the sound of metal scraping on stone echoe out from somewhere . at the top I push open a half - close door ... 145 - alter subjective vision ( interior underworld , night ) ... and discover a man slump on a wooden crate , scraping the wall with a metal spoon . a half - burn candle flicker beside he . line have be scratch in the wall , as though to ' count the day . the man have be back to I . he look like Alex . I moan . but the word that stutter out of my mouth be guttural . the syllable do not flow properly ... I - ... Alex ... the man stop scraping and turn round . it be Alex . but he have a different , cold expression on he face . I - Alex ... Alex 's cold , compose expression remain . Alex - what do you want ? I - I be glad to see you ... Alex do not reply . he look at I for a long time . Alex - look like you miss the light ... if you do not want to discover hell , you would better find you next womb in a-hurry , you know ... I ( nonpluse ) - I dream I be dead ... and I wake up at the morgue . a scornful smile creep over Alex 's face . I - yes ... I dream I be dead , and that I be fly . Alex - stop lie ... you be dead as a doormat . I - no ... why d' you say that ? you can see that ... I be here . I can see you . you can see I ... Alex - no , I can not see you . and you know full well that I be just a projection of you mind , like everything else you think you can see ... and that you body be be eat by worm right now ... or ... wait ... no , that 's not it . they burn you , do not they ? Alex face look increasingly scary , it seem to be metamorphose into another . 107 I - what ? now I understand that he face have take on the form of mine and that he be now talk to I with my voice . Alex - yeah , they torch you ... you remember , do not * you ?... I ( terrify ) - no ... Alex ( self -satisfy ) - what do you mean , no ? Close you eye and you will see ... go on , make a effort . with any luck you will end up find you ash somewhere . I .-... ' Alex - go on . look ! | I - ... Alex ( more aggressive ) - go on , close you eye ! I close my eye . blackness . 108 146 - out of body vision ( interior furnace crematorium ) the harsh crackle of flame sizzle all around I , incredibly clearly , a second before my vision burst out of the obscure hollow socket of a already char eye . right near I , in a over - intense light , a face be be devoure by the flame . despite its advanced state of . decomposition , I end up recognize it : it 's mine . the burn blacken flesh , half - consume , seem to be move . part of it puff up and explode . blister pop , ooze a kind of greasy pus . some part be still familiar while other be as unrecognizable as a hunk of meat on a grill . my face be inexorably come apart , revealing the bone that be already crack . the rest of my feature turn red and melt under the scorching heat . the last patch of skin shrivel up and turn black . horror-struck , my vision be suddenly violently shake by blast flame that be even more powerful than the previous one . : I can see nothing . but flame all around I . they end up blind I like a intense white light . it last a moment . but little by little they disappear , give way to a peaceful silence . the white gradually turn a deeper and deeper gray , revealing a texture that look like ash see from very close up . calmness return while my vision slowly retract through a metallic substance . 147 - out of body vision ( interior mario' live room + kitchen , late afternoon ) I emerge out of a small metal urn . it 's the strange vase that I have already see several time at my sister 's . it be now stand on a small shelf in mario 's live room . for ob I come to a stop in front of the surface of the urn where my name be clearly engrave : " oscar cinder " and the date " 1977 - 1999 " . peace and quiet finally return . but around the urn be frame photo of mario pose * with he football buddy , and photo of he family . my anxiety return with a pierce sound . moira ( os ) - I can not bear to see that thing here any more ! my vision , now '' out of body " and bird 's eye , pivot and discover moira sit on a chair , stare at the shelf . moira - I think it 's morbid to want to keep my brother 's ash like a trophy . it 's hard enough accept that 's all that 's leave of a whole life without be confront with the past forty time a day . mario , who be sit near she on a chair with a bottle in front of he , give she a exasperate look . mario - do not be crazy ! what do you want to do , put it in a cupboard ? have a little respect ... I think you would like it , I mean , it be you brother and all ... moira - listen , that thing be not my brother . my brother be dead . it upset I a damn sight more than you think ... and I do not want to think about it any more now . mario brushes he hand over he face , as if to hide he disagreement . mario - alright , alright . chill out . do what you want with it ... mario look away and go back to flick through a magazine . moira get up and grab the urn . she cross the live room and go into the kitchen . she prize open the lid of the urn and pour the content into the stainless steel sink . once the urn be empty , she throw it into the plastic trash can full of garbage . then she come back to the sink and run some water onto the small pile of ash . moira - Goodbye , oscar . the water gradually flush the remain of my body away . it freak I out . , my vision rush over to my sister 's face , then she hand , then over to the ash disappear into the plumbing , then back to my sister who stand there without flinching . 148 - out of body vision ( interior plumbing and sewer , half - light ) my disembody vision delve into the plumbing , chase after my remain as they scatter into the filthy water . I be toss amidst various bit of garbage , try hard not to lose sight of my ash . strong current sometimes sweep I this way and that down a wind maze line with mold . the pipe get wider in the semi-darkness , go through new duct and gush out into a larger space full of stagnant sewage . the current belch out and dissolves into this unspeakable pit of refuse . a few large rat be swim in the mud and vermin be teeming all over the place . I be afraid for my ash , scattered amongst this filth and this creepy crawl shape ... I get closer to some strange insect which , see this close , look like half - cockroach , half - worm . surrounded by larvae , one of this monster - who have be suck up the filth float around it - start suck up part of what I recognize to be my ash . once satisfied , it raise its oral organ while expel ring of some unidentifiable substance , that could be excrement or could be egg , out of the posterior extremity of its body . a surge of searing anxiety swell within I again , stronger than ever . my vision tear itself away from this organic hell and lift I up into space in quest of a soothing light . 149 - out of body vision ( exterior STREET , late afternoon ) I finally emerge into the open air through a sewer cover , up into the street of the city . it 's a cold , rainy , late ml “m afternoon . despite the heavy leaden sky , the street lamp be not on . tito and nelly abruptly enter my field of vision , walk _ down the sidewalk alongside a large , dark , oppressive * stone wall . nelly - everything re-awaken , life be like a cycle where nothing get lose . either you live on through you ash by nourishing a beautiful plant , or you live on through you child ... worried by the underlying maternal instinct in nelly 's word , tito stiffen . tito - yeah , but you be be too poetic . most time people have child for economic reason ... like my parent , you know . sometimes I really think they bring I into this world so I could help they when they be old . that way they avoid go into a home . nelly - oh ... that 's too mean ... tito - and you be too naive about you relationship ... unconvince , nelly change the subject . nelly - so where have they go ? tito - I guess they have go to visit the grave of moira 's parent ... by the way , do you know my mother 's let herself be con by a sect ? nelly seem surprised . just then , my vision rush through the wall next to they ... 150 - out of body vision ( " remembrance hall " + exterior cemetery , late afternoon ) ... | swiftly fly through several wall and corridor before come to a halt in the long , high -ceil corridor of a crematorium " remembrance Hall " , stingily light by sodium lamp . all down the corridor the wall have be partition into small nook with mortuary plaque inside they . down below , my uncle and aunt be in front of a basic plaque with two name engrave on it : " David G. ot cinder - elsa delaney " along with the date of they joint death . balance on a small slide ladder , my aunt place three ugly fake flower into the ring provide . her face seem * thin and she eye be brighter than usual . my aunt ( very softly ) - ... it 's hard to survive in this world you kriow , poor dear sister ... but I know it 's hard for you where you be too . at the center the other day they explain that you be surround up there by inferior spirit and all kind of ectoplasm try to drag you down ... so I pray for you constantly ... but you know , I do not think it will be long before I join you ... down below , my uncle watch she with a frown . my uncle - say , do you talk to moira about the cemetery expense ? my aunt - not yet . her husband start walk back down the corridor to the exit . my aunt clamber down off the ladder and catch up with he . my uncle - there 's nothing to be ashamed about ... I mean , we have pay for everything . and now she 's grow up she could take care of the plot ... my aunt do not answer . my uncle pursue . my uncle - it 's not as if we do not have enough problem with you tumor and all ... nobody pay to keep we alive ! they leave the " remembrance Hall " which be in a corner of the cemetery by a wall that back on to a old building , almost right under a bridge with car drive over it . my aunt - okay , calm down , I will talk to she about it ... my uncle - especially as she must be earning well with that porn dance she do ... I hope she have not pick up one of that new - fangle disease at least , what with all this new people she 's be hang out with ... another voice be already draw I away . my vision suddenly change course . 113 ~ I rise up above the leafless tree of the cemetery , over the bridge . I speed across the town and in a split second I be at the " power " ... 151 - out of body vision ( interior nightclub , late afternoon ) I pass through the wall and find myself in the dingy corridor that lead to the dress room . . two people I know be just below I in the narrow space : morgane and the boss of the " power " . morgane ( annoyed ) - ok so I be sick , so what ? that 's no reason to stop live be it ?... boss - do not take it bad . I be not bother about the fact that you be still sleep with other guy , what get I be that you have not warn you former partner ... morgane - what ? you must be kid ! maybe you would like I to just pick up the phone and ... you want I to wear a sign while I be at it ?!... boss ( awkwardly ) - ... not even mario ? do not you even want to tell he ? morgane ( decisively ) - no , not even mario ... I do not know I have it then , you know ... anyhow , we only sleep together twice . I be sure he do not get it and I do not want to freak moira out for no reason . boss - ... um hmm ... morgane - I mean , nobody ever tell I ... it 's not my fault if some people do not want to take precaution ... the boss be embarrassed . boss - yes but still , it bother I for mario ... my vision escape out of the corridor and zip through a few wall , out of the " power " ... 152 - out of body vision ( exterior build site , end of day ) I emerge onto a building site surround by fence , next to the nightclub . - 4 two municipal van be park next to bag of cement cover with a plastic tarpaulin . a light drizzle fall on the virtually nocturnal decor . . up ahead , at the end of a muddy dirt path rutte with ' deep tire track , the night watchman and mario be stand next to a car . the trunk be open . the night watchman , a skinny , friendly man with a mustache , hand mario a sawn - off shotgun . mario handle it , impressed . night watchman - nowadays it 's you versus the world , boy . people will fuck you over to survive without you even notice it . so you always gotta be ready to defend yourself . you see , mario ... my shooter 's like my best friend , the only thing I can count on 24 hour a day ... it 's take I some time but I have learn to get respect ... you do not have kid , but say you do , and some guy touch you boy up one day ... mario examine the end of the barrel , not pay much attention to what he friend he say . so the watchman change the subject . night watchman - ... I can show you how to see yours down , if you like ... I know all about gun ... mario suddenly start play with the shotgun , like a cowboy . then he aim a target we can not see . mario - yeah , you be right ... it feel good ... night watchman - what be you do this weekend ? mario lower the gun and snap to , in a very good mood . - mario - I be go away with moira . we do not want to be here for the New Year , so we be go off on a romantic weekend ... the watchman look at he with a smutty smile . night watchman - lucky devil ! specially as you woman seem real hot , huh ...? I suddenly recognize a familiar voice in the distance . my vision fly off again and soar through a few building ... ~ 153 - out of body vision ( int . mario' apartment + landing , late afternoon ) I come out in the small entrance corridor to mario 's 's apartment . moira be in the open doorway . stand on the landing opposite she be Victor . moira - what do you say ?... " I be sorry " ?! I do not fuck believe it !... if oscar could hear you : " I be sorry " ... be that what you come to say ? Victor - maybe I be ' not express myself very well , but ... moira - listen , it 's people like you that this life a heap of shit . if you really want to make I happy , you know what you should do ?... kill yourself . but do not use a razor , that would be too quick . no , you would have to die with you head pulverize under a truck or something gruesome like that . Victor purse he lip but manage to get a grip . Victor - ok ... I can understand you be annoyed ... moira - d'you realize that Alex may even be dead too because of a slimeball like you ...? Victor stand there helplessly . he do not know what to say . moira do not give he time to think . moira - I be ask you straight , like a favor you would be do for oscar : kill yourself ... I would feel really relieved ... Victor swallow he reply , lower he head , turn heel and leave the landing . moira spit out one last insult . moira - ... Little shit !! she slam the door with tear of hatred roll down she cheek . I go through the wall , out of the building . 154 - out of body vision ( exterior mario' apartment , late afternoon ) I find myself outside . Victor shove the main door open and come out onto the street . suzy be wait for she son in front of the building with a worried look . Victor storm past she without even look at she . 116 suzy - how do it go ?... Victor do not reply . suzy catch up with he and put she hand on he arm . Victor spin round and slap he mother before she can dodge he blow . 's Victor - well you get what you want you damn whore ... now they all wish I be dead ... great idea you have ! ' his mother contain herself and try to hold she son tight . Victor burst into nervous sob . suzy - there , there ... calm down ... Victor - fuck off and leave I alone !... and oscar can go rot in hell too ... it 's not my fault he try to shoot , stupid prick . suzy - listen , it 's all over now ... all over . I never love oscar . he do not mean anything . I feel sorry for he , that 's all ... you be my son and I love you ... then , while suzy carry on hugging Victor , my increasingly restless vision break away from they and go back through the facade of mario 's building and over the landing , look for my sister . 155 - out of body vision ( interior . mario' apartment , late afternoon ) I emerge into mario 's live room again , above my sister , who be beside herself with rage , mumble word I can not understand properly . I go over and place myself in front of moira , in she line of vision . it almost look like she can see I . moira ( to herself ) - if my life be fuck it 's because of my brother and he dumb friend ... I want they to go away ... all of they ... go away and leave I alone ... go away !!! in a rage , moira pick up a ashtray and fling it across the live room ( and across my vision ) at a frame photo . the photo topple over and the glass break . I leave my sister and go over to the photo . under the bit of glass I recognize a now damage photo of we two as child . 117 — 157 - out of body vision ( exterior sea , end of day ) I soon find myself over the ocean I have never see during + my life . the city have disappear behind I and all I can see be this huge undulate surface , dark and monotonous but nonetheless reassure . I realize that this soothing vision do not look like a real sea , for it too be very simplify . my vision float above , the water for a moment , rock by the gentle lap of the wave ebbing and flow . then my vision calmly tilt and I discover the horizon that separate the sea from the sky . a gray mass of cloud stretch endlessly above I . they too be move in a peaceful , undulate movement , like the sea . Little by little I let myself be take over by this padded gray music . all of a sudden , a chink open in the cloud and I discern a space fill with a magnificent golden light that seem way out in the beyond . my vision almost instantaneously propel itself towards this chink , which have now close up again . it do not matter because I plunge into the cumulus mass anyway . 158 - out of body vision : ( above the cloud , dusk ) a mist envelop I : I be go through thick cloud . then the gray vapor brighten and I emerge above the sunlit cloud . the oblique ray of the sun etch organic contour in the cloud , underline they orange-tinted wisp and form purplish - blue - gray shadowy hollow . above the cloud , the heavenly dome be streak with color , from salmon pink to violet . this vision be extremely beautiful . I float in a oceanic peace . thousands of whispery human voice wash over I . I fly over this sea of cloud for a long time without encounter a single crack . this great fluffy orange m19 immensity , warm and bright , exude a feel of happiness I have never know before . _ but a clearly define , move object suddenly burst into * the empty vastness of my field of vision . Alex ( os ) - oscar ... I recognize Alex 's voice and my vision , till then " slumbering " , sharpen again , identify the object move through the sky . it 's a small airline plane fly above the twilight cloud . my vision be suck towards '' it ... 159 - out of body vision ( interior plane , dusk ) ... and a second later I be inside . the plane be almost empty and I immediately spot Alex sit on the edge of a row of seat . he be talk to a woman with a baby , sit on the other side of the aisle . Alex - ... my name be oscar derderian . woman - and what do you do ? the woman smile at he , but Alex be put out by the question . Alex - right now ? the woman nod quietly . Alex look at she for a moment and finally seem reassure . Alex - ... I be go to try and start a new life somewhere . the woman carry on smile peacefully at he , obviously not want to seem indiscreet . woman - well you be young , I be sure you will succeed in you new life ... Alex smile , in a good mood . the baby start cry and the woman uncover she breast for he to suckle . I move in very close . closer still . the baby , who calm down instantly , be suckling hungrily to a regular rhythm , eye close . all I can see be he mouth . and the nipple feed he . I stay motionless 19 n -~ in front of this reassure image for a long time while a new feel of happiness surge within I , reach bliss . * but I must have imperceptibly draw back < little because I can now see the woman 's face again which , follow the rhythm of the suckling , turn into my mother 's face , then back to the unknown woman 's face , then my mother 's , and so on . for a split second I think I can also make out the silhouette of my father sit where Alex be ... Alex - be he you only child ? the flash image of my parent instantly disappear and I be back to Alex and the unknown woman sit in the plane . woman - no , he have a sister who love he more than anything ... the baby start cough and dribble milk . just then , anxiety sweep over I again , happiness turn to unease , the color change , darken , and the stressful noise of the plane 's propeller drown I . I lunge out of the plane ... : 160 - out of body vision ( above the cloud , evening ) wrenched out of the plane , my vision plummet through the mass of cloud like a stone . the dark gray diffuse mist surround I again until I emerge on the other side of the cloud . night have fall and the sky be now dark blue . I carry on fall . my vision tilt downward and I rediscover the city speed towards I with increasingly strange and illogical proportion ... voi 161 - out of body vision ( exterior road , evening ) ... | plummet down towards the terrace of the big tower * block and plunge into the narrow crack between they , end my fall above a avenue that lead to a road with car zoom by in both direction . they head lamp make the wet asphalt gleam . luckily , my vision settles above a car that look like mario 's . moira ( os ) - you see , for a long time my brother mean everything to I ... I instantly identify my sister 's voice and swoop into the car . 161 - out of body vision ( interior mario' car , in front of tunnel , evening ) mario be drive . he nod silently as moira speak . she be sit beside he . moira start talk again , deep in think . moira - but maybe I be too hard on Victor ... mario - do not worry . do not make a big deal about it .. anyway , he deserve it ... moira look at mario . moira - anyway , I be very glad we be go away ... mario turn to she and lift he hand to stroke the back of she neck . but moira suddenly draw back . moira - watch out !... she point to the road and my vision pivot to the front . a horn blare . a truck be bear down on we in the oncoming direction . behind it I can see the tunnel dig into the mountain get closer . it look like the one where my parent have they accident . a green light be flash at the entrance . mario spin the wheel round and straighten up the car that have drift onto the left-hand lane . and a fake memory come flash back stroboscopically ... ° mario and moira abruptly turn into my father and mother . a second honk blare out even closer . the light of the truck bear down on the car dazzle my father . White light invade the screen . my mother cry out . my * vision be propel out of the car ... 123 163 - fake flashback _( exterior tunnel , night ) * [ discover the image of my parent ' accident . this early 80' image be not completely realistic , they resemble a bad mental reconstruction of a event where I see myself from the outside . among the debris of the crumpled car , I make out the blood-ridden corpse of my parent . they have take on a even more terrifying appearance than in my previous memory . the fire brigade and the police be already on the scene . in the midst of the muddle of flash light , siren and shouting , I watch the emergency worker run around , try to free my parent ' body while police officer hold light beacon try to control the traffic at the entrance to the tunnel . a fireman take my sister and I away from this confusion towards a building by the entrance to the tunnel . as he walk the decor around he change . he change too ... 164 - alter flashback ( interior landing parent 's build , night ) ... into my aunt walk towards I and my sister , still child , on the landing in my parent ' apartment block . the child stop play and watch she walk over . she kneel down in front of they and talk to they with great care . aunt - oh my poor dear ... I will not be able to keep you ... the last after-image of flash light disappear , along with my aunt . and as I move towards the two child squeezing each other tight , the decor metamorphoses behind they again ... 124 t t orp ie ror 165 - alter flashback ( interior parent 's apartment , night ) ... and I see they in my parent ' yellow bedroom where we make we pact . this time the memory be see face on , as though from the outside , and I visualize all the detail . oscar ( child ) - they be go to separate we . aunt want we to go to a orphanage ... they be sit on the floor under the darken window . moira - we will not see each other any more ? oscar ( child ) - ... no ... but ... moira 's lip pout sadly . oscar would like to say something else , but he swallow he word . he stare at the razor blade he be hold and turn to she . oscar ( child ) I ... I promise we will never leave each other ... and ... and if I die , I will come back to get you ... moira - ... I too . oscar ( child ) do you swear ? moira - yes ... like you . he take my sister 's hand and hold the razor blade up to it . moira be frighten and pull she arm away . oscar - you have to ... this be how pact be make . he cut a small nick in she thumb , then he . they bond they two thumb together . blood trickle down they hand . my sister go pale and so do my double . they look at each other dizzily . moira - you will never ever leave I ...? oscar ( child ) - no ... never . then silence . but a sarcastic presence interrupt this memory : I ( os ) - that promise be impossuble to keep ... my vision then discover another double of I , adult , also sit in the bedroom . oscar ( adult ) - no dead person have ever be able to communicate with the live ... my little sister cry harder . 166 - fake flashback ( exterior road + build , night ) i . the bedroom turn into a road and a Care worker drag little moira away from oscar the child . oscar the adult be still stand by he child double , hound he . oscar ( adult ) - you see , oscar ... due to you promise you have already tet the color light that could have raise you to other dimension go by . now there 's only one way out , if you want to get away from the nightmare you create : you have get to reincarnate yourself , fast . but you must not miss the right womb . a lot of womb be go to attract you with pulsate yellow light . this yellow glow be the only doorway back into the world of the live ... but be careful ... you have to move fast and not all of they be good ... oscar ( child ) - but how will I know ...? I hear my little sister cry my name and oscar the child turn round to moira . a police officer be make she get in a car . the door close behind she : : and the car drive off towards the -entrance of the tunnel . my vision dart into the tunnel ... 2 126 162 cont . - out of body vision ( interior mario' car , night ) . but once inside , my vision see moira , already grow up , sit next to mario as they head off on they weekend away . the truck that have honk at they rumble past . mario stick he head out the window and yell at it ... mario - Fucking truck ! the car plunge into the tunnel , which be get darker and darker . the situation calm down for a few second while moira slip a cassette into the car stereo in front of she . moira - how about we stop at a motel overlook the sea ? but shout echo out behind we . my vision pivot towards the back window and emerge outside in the tunnel ... 127 167 - mental and out of body vision ( interior tunnel , night ) + 3. to discover plain clothes cop that look exactly like the one in the bar where I die , chase oscar adult who be run full tilt to get away from they . a cop - catch he ! he 's try to get away ... my vision be fly in front of my double , look at he . breathless and despair , my double pull the bag of ecstasy out of he pants , open it and , still run , do he best to gulp down the 40 pill inside . then he slow down and , before the cop can catch up with he , start smile . one of the cop pull he gun out in a rage and fire at my double ... bang ! a techno music beat blare out . as though affect by the dull thudding of the music , the tunnel seem to be close in on my body , now lie on the ground ... my vision pivot towards the exit and flee the tunnel , chase mario 's car . vir 168 - out of body vision ( exterior suburban street , pitch black night ) * lemerge from the tunnel at the same time as the car , out on the other side of the city , that have turn into a kind of suburb under construction . everything be plunge into a tense , unreal darkness , as though there be a electrical blackout .* snatch of urban decor zip by under I , sometimes - undergo anamorphosis . I can hardly make out the sky , which be hide by a thick layer of organically reddy - brown cloud . the same music I hear in the tunnel be still thudding , but the nature of it have change , as though it be distant and reverberate under a large dome . mario 's car have disappear and I roam through the street in the darken half - light . a whoosh sound accompany my movement . 169 - out of body vision ( exterior wall , pitch black night ) suddenly , at the surface of a red-brick wall , I finally glimpse a tiny palpitate yellow glow which attract I by its strangeness . Inside , two mosquito be mate . see from very close up it be a absolutely terrifying sight . my vision retract and fly off elsewhere . * director note : from now on oscar 's vision have more and more trouble fix itself anywhere and he distort vision be affect by interference from vague image from he past , or decor , face and scene that overlap each other until they jam . every now and then a snatch of reality return , generally bath in or indicate by yellow light . the rest of the time , the chaotic mix of this distort image should plunge the spectator into complete disarray . as the yellow image multiply and oscar 's vision be guide from one to the other , the interference image and the continuously dark backdrop will take on a progressively nightmarish dimension , organic and cosmic at the same time . 170 - out of body vision ( exterior courtyard , pitch black night ) a new yellow glow attract I , much more perceptible * this time . I approach a concrete courtyard where two guard dog be copulate savagely . the dog mount the growl bitch and hump she clumsily . the bitch stumble each time and the male have to grab she to get go again . the yellow glow pulsate out of they body with every thrust . . suddenly terrify , I draw away from they , plunging back into the black landscape . 171 - out of body vision ( exterior industrial road , pitch black night ) my vision pivot towards a street lamp that be casting a powerful yellowy - green light over a recess under a railway bridge . I be irresistibly attract to it ... under the light , lean against the hood of a truck pull up on the side , a man and a prostitute be about to make love stand up . they be all that be light up by the lamp . [ float nearer . the man be rub himself up against the girl 's back . her skirt be hitched right up . he undoe he pants . then he take a condom out of he pocket and put it on before slide he penis inside the girl . he start pump mechanically away in she . the girl turn round to look at he . for a split second morgane 's face be superimpose on the girl 's . wy vision turn away from the roadside couple and fly off . 172 - out of body vision ( exterior waste ground , pitch black night ) I float in the obscurity , attract by the dull thudding of music that now sound closer and closer . I reach a huge waste '' ground surround by fencing where , still in pitch darkness , hundred of people be dance to music thumping out of speaker hook up to post . I can not clearly discern any of the face . but suddenly , behind the fence on the other side of the _ waste ground , a new yellow glow attract I ... 173 - out of body vision ( exterior waste ground , pitch black night ) I cross over to it in a split second . a brazier be burn , casting a flicker yellow light over the area . a condom wrapper lie next to a teenage boy make love to a girl lie on the ground . they movement be fascinating . I can see a boy watch they , stand slightly back . the girl cry out in pleasure and sit up towards the boy . suddenly , Victor 's face flicker over the face of this stranger . I move away from the couple ... 174 - out of body vision ( exterior path , pitch black night ) a little further off , between two other fence , a narrow path be gleam strangely . my vision be attract towards it . two boy be stand there , kissing . above they , a yellowing light bulb dangle from a cable swing in the wind . one of the boy gently step back from he friend and kneel in front of he . it 's Victor , slowly unzipping he partner 's pants . the light quiver around they . for a split second , suzy 's face appear over he . I fly off over the city with its increasingly absurd and simplistic contour ... 175 - out of body vision ( interior suzy's kitchen , pitch black night ) all of a sudden I make out a new yellow glow behind the window of a apartment . I go inside and find myself in suzy and Victor 's father 's kitchen . the man -has stretch he right leg out and wat slip he toe into he wife 's mouth . she be lick they . suzy 's backside , cover in a translucent slip , writhes sensually . her mouth travel up she husband 's leg _ and start suck he off . they be light by a burn gas ' canister on the floor . but it must be almost empty because the flame constantly flicker . the orangey half - light reveal ' the breathless , orgasmic expression on the husband 's face , he mouth wide open . the face of my uncle in the midst of a similar rapture replace the face of Victor 's father for a moment . my vision abandon they and cross street devoid of all light . 176 - out of body vision ( exterior uncle's live room , pitch black night ) until a lusterless glow draw I in mid-flight . into a apartment that seem familiar . under the feeble light of a lamp with a green and yellow cloth over the shade , a couple of sixty year - old be make love . as I approach I recognize my uncle , stand behind my aunt . she be wear a short - sleeve shirt and kneel on a armchair upholster in a horrendous floral print . my uncle penetrate she . my aunt start cry . aunt - I be too old ... uncle - no no ... all of a sudden , as my uncle speak , I perceive the face of he son tito in a flash . my vision retract through the rest of the pitch black town . 177 - out of body vision ( interior bathroom loft , pitch black night ) a beautiful glow draw I to the window of a bathroom , mist over by hot steam . the inside of the room be intermittently light by neon light from a large sign outside . it 's the bathroom in tito 's loft . - he be make love to nelly who be crouch on all four , naked , on some bath towel . they love-make seem to follow the rhythm of the distant beat of the party , still present in the distance . this glow be very intense and the * beautiful , passionate situation fill I with joy . my vision alter . tito suddenly stop , worried . tito - do you take you pill ? nelly - yes , no worry ... my vision swoops onto a shelf with a half - finish pack of contraceptive pill on it . then it speed back to nelly and finally retract , disappointed , while the glow be resorbed into they body . I emerge again into the incomprehensible sight of the dark city . 178 - out of body vision ( exterior CITY , pitch black night ) my vision move over the obscure city and turn to the horizon . the regular rumbling of the nearby ocean dissolves into the increasingly distant techno neat . the cloud hang heavily over I have a unreal consistency . they start pulsate like a heart beat . this dark urban space have become so strange I no longer even have any desire to move , and my vision stop in mid-air . the bottom of the sky have turn blood red , as though herald a strange sun . in the center of my field of vision , the light clearly pick out a building . above the terrace , five huge back - light letter glow : motel . I think I hear moira 's voice say : " come ... " while she face flash fleetingly by , bath in a very beautiful yellow brightness . I approach over the city and perceive a beautiful bright yellow glow come from behind one of the window . this glow be much more stable than the other . I go through the window pane ... 133 179 - out of body vision ( interior yellow room , night - dawn ) I find myself in a unfamiliar room , a few foot above the ground . the first ray of dawn flow through a pane cover in a thin yellow curtain . in the middle of the empty room be a bed that look like the one in my parent ' bedroom . on the mattress , mario and moira be rub against each other . a very intense glow emanate from they body . moira - ... come ... mario be wear underpant and a T-shirt . moira be in she bra and panty . she be kneel in front of mario and writhe she hip . mario hold she tight . numbed , she change position . she go onto all four with she head face the window this time . outside , light flick on in the window of the city , as though it be already dawn . the decor form again . a heavy musical beat from afar can be feel in the room . mario take he T-shirt off and kneel behind my sister , teady to make love to she . he slip she panty to one side , revealing a fleeting glimpse of she inner thigh . then he take he -harden penis out of he underpant and penetrate she . his body thrust slowly in and out . moira - be careful ... mario slow down . moira - J have not put anything in ... but mario carry on . the sexual drumbeat mingle in with they breathe and , take on the same rhythm , invade the room . I flitter around the couple , around they body . I slip between they . my vision shift and hover above moira 's face , as though I be right by she , or in mario 's place . moira be breathe heavily . stroboscopic interference vision of my own mother have a orgasm suddenly surge forth . mario ( os ) - I do not care . I will give you a baby ... 24 at this word , the image of my mother disappear and my vision rise vertically above mario and moira . a kind of hazy , transparent umbilical ectoplasm now link I to the yellow glow still emanate from the belly of the move couple . I feel like I be inside the blurred wall of the ectoplasmic membrane , for my perception of the two of they become troubled , like look through a aquarium . the yellow glow travel up the strange ectoplasmic umbilicus towards I and invade my vision , tringing I a image . a profound calm ensue ... I vaguely glimpse a newborn baby in a delivery room . glove hand cut the umbilical cord and place the child onto the mother 's breast . I can not see she face . but this overly liquefy image be already dilute into the yellow glow ... my vision slither laterally out of the ectoplasmic tunnel and go " out of body " again . [ be float above mario and moira again . they be still make love in the increasingly yellow room . moira turn round to look at mario , she lip parte . he be cluyching she by the hip . moira catch she breath . but the ectoplasm drag I in again and the couple disappear in a yellow flash . I perceive a more clearly define vision travel up the ectoplasm . a newborn baby eagerly suckling a woman 's breast . be this a possible future ?... the image finally get clearer and move slightly closer towards I ... 134 180 - mental vision of the future ( interior loft , dusk ) . a woman whose face I cannot yet see be breast feed a small baby . the baby suckle ravenously , eye close , with a regular rhythm . my vision move in very close to this marvelous young milk - laden breast .* I stop in front of this reassure image for a long time . the baby 's face show a feel of happiness mount to bliss . a girl ( os ) - be not you a happy little thing , suckling you mommy ? a girl 's hand stroke the baby 's head . a girl ( os ) - what 's he name ? moira - his name be oscar . moira be sit with ner baby in tito 's loft . nelly and a friend of hers be lean over the baby , coochy - coo it tenderly . the baby gurgle . they be light by a very bright a light bulb . in the loft behind they , another girl friend of nelly 's , as fresh - face and pretty as the first , be be chatted up by the ever-nice bruno . a few word of they conversation drift over to I , of which : " it 's a cosmic orgasm ... " . the young girl laugh . tito be there too . he turn the radio up . we hear a very cheerful song from the 70' , remix with a thudding techno beat . then tito examine two book site on the table next to he : the omnipresent book with the mandala on the cover and " the first three minute of the universe " . he finally pick up the latter and go to sit on he bed to flick through it . on the wall above he , a calendar in psychedelic letter show the year we be in : 2001 . * director 's note : from this scene on , oscar 's vision no longer fulfill any " out of body " or subjective vision logic and they cinematic form be closr to flashback form , but much more freely cut up . this mental vision of a future life , a kind of ultimate projection of oscar 's desire , be unstable , blurred and bath at the edge by a yellowy - orange light . normal color only feature in the center of the image . this image be mix with ellipse and unpredictable flashback , like a collage of badly adjust moment . 136 the set sun tinge the room orange . it be decorate with many color painting and small model . in a corer , a little kiddie section have be set up with angel _ and mini plane hang from the ceiling . there be even a 's mini lighthouse , revolve its mini ray around the room . moira get up with the baby and go out onto the balcony . . 181 - mental vision of the future ( exterior balcony loft , dusk ) the roof of the city stretch into the distance . all be still outside . it 's a beautiful evening . orangey - pink cloud scud up in the sky . nelly come out to join moira on the balcony and take the baby in she arm . moira straighten she golden yellow dress and look at the sky . nelly - so it 's over with mario ? moira - yes , | think so ... I can not stand he any more . nelly be silent for a moment , then add : nelly - you can stay here as long as you like . moira laugh and kiss nelly on the lip . a distant noise approach : a small gray plane fly across the sky . the same one moira and I see the day I die ... moira ( to the baby ) - look oscar ... there 's a airplane up in the sky ... the plane rise higher and higher and disappear behind the cloud . through a chink in the cloud we catch a glimpse of a vast distant space , bath in golden light . then the chink close and other fleeting image of a future life be superimpose onto the cloud . we vaguely make out a child age 8 , then a teenager ... but the image flash up too fast . . just one image seem to linger : a teenager make love with a girl in a ultra- pop futuristic room . then everything dissolves behind a yellow glow ... 179 cont . - out of body vision ( interior yellow room , dawn ) * the yellow glow withdraw and go back to its initial spot , as though flow along the ectoplasm . I pop out of the top of the ectoplasm and perceive it as a increasingly thin transparent cord link I to my sister 's belly . my vision , '' out of body " once more , see mario and moira . they be still make love on the bed on all four , opposite the window . Morning have break and the sun 's ray light the room with a yellow gleam that be almost white in part . the beat thud out again , accompany the couple 's quicken breathe as mario 's thrust get more violent and mechanical . he grip moira 's shoulder . she moan and , half turn round , bite he hand . my vision get progressively blurred . the image flicker all over the place . as I fly down towards they , what remain of the ectoplasm seem to be be re-absorbed into moira 's body . at the same time , a multitude of viewpoint of this scene race by , as though I be approach the couple at many different angle simultaneously , make it virtually impossible to interpret the space . I be now right near they . they body perspire . they torso rock to and for . moira be come . I go even closer to my sister 's moist belly . I press myself up against the hazy pinkish skin , discover bead of sweat around she naval . and I go into she body . 182 - intrauterine out of body vision ( interior moira' belly , half - light ) see from inside moira 's body , mario 's penis thrust in and out of the vaginal cavern . it speed up until he spurt forth he seminal fluid that settles onto the humid wall of the mucus membrane . | the penis slowly comes'to a halt , then withdraw . the image finally settles . the vaginal wall contract . everything melt into a rosy -pink organic half - light . the corner of my vision darken . a brighter spot persist _ in the womb , at the edge of the fallopian tube . its glow 's contract and dilate to the still rapid heartbeat that sound very near . I float in this ' padded space for a moment , before move closer to the uterine wall where a event be occur . my vision progressively slip into the infinitely small , revealing a macroscopic world | have never imagine . 183 - molecular out of body vision ( interior moira' womb , half - light ) I draw closer to the glow . it be come from a finely - grove fringe in the mucus membrane . I go even closer . at the end of this hollow - out red fringe be the ovule , which look like a kind of huge fibrous sponge and seem to be light from the inside . rough-hue spermatozoid approach it , like white parasite . they squirm rapidly . each one have a head and a vibratile tail , link together by a intermediary segment as long as the head and make of multiple spiral . a first spermatozoid accost the surface of the ovule . it rush head - first into the ovular cytoplasm and penetrate the pellucid membrane . it 's tail break off , abandon at the surface . other spermatozoid try to penetrate the membrane . too late : the route be bar . once the first fertilize seed have be let in , no other can penetrate the surface . my vision penetrate into the cytoplasm behind the spermatozoid . Inside , a most singular phenomenon occur : it turn head over tail , perform a kind of somersault . then it carry on progress into the ovule , but now precede by the intermediary segment that have initially be follow . 198 the male nucleus puff up , absorb protoplasmic liquid . it steam straight ahead , continue on in the direction of its penetration . then it abruptly deviate and _ head for the female nucleus . the female nucleus shoot 's off in turn . carry by the current , it travel in front of the male nucleus , but at a slower speed . the two nutlei meet . they dimension be virtually equal . they intertwine and fuse together into one big nucleus , twice as voluminous . my vision spiral towards this new nucleus . and melt inside it ... a bright white flash make of billion of color dot flare up . the rumbling stop dead . in a frenzied , multicolor chaos , fertilization have be consummate . Van faa two 184 - flashback in subjective vision ( interior squat - down toilet , night ) then the bright white light draw back , as though carry along a dark ' tunnel , leave behind it the image of my arm stretch in front of I and blood trickle over the wet white slab in the toilet . it 's a ultimate perception of my moment of death , but this time uniformly tinted red . the image decompose into a kind of blood red magma , increasingly narrow and damp , while aquatic sound swirl around I . : 185 - intrauterine vision ( interior mother' womb , half - light ) . the place have metamorphose into a liquid , spongy , semi-obscure intrauterine cavity where my arm , now that of a fetus , float in a kind of cosmic peace . a little light seem to penetrate inside this semi-darkness , highlight the padded , throbbing , blurry red wall of the womb . behind my arm I can see what seem to be a umbilical cord with blood flow through it . while the reassure double beat of two heart cradle I within watery sound , abstract image regularly flash across the four corner of my field of vision . I be behind a membrane full of tiny blood vessel , inside the placenta . but everything be hazy . then the space start to contract spasmodically , seemingly want to suffocate I or else evict I . muffled cry and increasingly jerky breathe echo in the midst of familiar organic sound , as though come from a unidentifiable place . on the other side of the protective membrane , a powerful beam of light split through the maternal obscurity . a hand slither . in to this fleshy slit and tear the membrane and the placenta . the cold light grow in the red obscurity . the amniotic fluid flow away . the glove hand widen the crack and pull I towards the light through a long tunnel that crush I . my vision become sharper . but the light be too bright and it blind I . the noise be very painful . 186 - subjective vision ( interior hospital room , morning ) I can barely see the glove hand drag I out of the vagina . | emerge from my mother 's body into a white 142 room that be way too brightly light , in a delivery ward reminiscent of the late 1970' . the glove hand turn I over and , while my head be upside down , I see the delivery table and the sheet " stain with bright red blood . White figure move around I . the umbilical cord be dangle from my body . a hand cut it with glint scissors . my heart beat faster . my lung inflate . Air seep into they , sting I ; my vocal chord vibrate , emit they first sound . I release my primal scream and , while I be be carry to my mother 's breast , [ get a fleeting glimpse of she face . I think I recognize my mother 's face , not moira 's ... be this the memory of my one and only birth return at the moment of my death ? it must be , but I do not have time to be really sure . apart from this breast slide into my mouth , everything be too confuse and it 's all slip away already . my eyelid close and I be plunge into obscurity . a man ( os ) - his name be oscar ... no more movement . no more think . no more breath . there be nothing leave . just blackness . and silence . and then , after a long moment , a word : the void . which , after a long minute , also disappear . '' gaspar noé screenplay register at the sacd ( France ) , the Washington D.C. copyright ( USA ) , and the writer 's Guild of America ( USA ) 143 list of character oscar : the main character , 22 year old , moira 's brother . Brown hair , thin , nervous , with no fix profession . like most of he friend , he like psychotropic drug . orphane at the age of six , he be a loner . the arrival of he sister turn he life upside down . he would like to restore the special relationship he have with she but do not manage to . he get very jealous when moira start have lover . moira : oscar 's sister , 20 year old . Brown hair , beautiful and harden . she be stronger than oscar whom she do not seem to hold in very high esteem . she be very independent and possibly even selfish . the reason behind she action will never be clear . right after she arrive in she brother 's studio apartment , she take a job as a sexy dancer in a techno nightclub . Alex : a friend of oscar 's , 30 year old . tall , bony , calm and intelligent . he let people come to he . nobody noe how he earn a live but he sculpt stone object and share a loft with tito , oscar 's cousin . he be the only person oscar admire , due to he pseudo scientific and esoteric knowledge . tito : oscar and moira 's cousin , friend of Alex , 20 year old . transparent and cheerful , he have very simple relationship with the peopie around he , include oscar , whom he like but do not really understand . he paint very colorful painting . Victor : School friend of oscar 's , 22 year old . fat , shy and weak , he have violent feeling towards oscar who hold he somewhat in contempt . feeling betrayed by oscar , Victor will in turn betray he . mario : moira 's lover , 38 year old , barman at the " power " , the ' club where moira dance . stocky and dark - skinned , he be honest but rigid in he relationship with people . moira love he for he reassure masculine strength . he be indifferent to oscar 's jealousy . nelly : tito 's young girlfriend , 16 year old , fresh - face , gentle and quiet . she be blond with a milky complexion and round feature . tito love she a lot . she do not know oscar very well but admire moira 's character . suzy : Victor 's mother , 47 year old , beautiful , flirtatious and physically confident . she seduce oscar , more out of a wish to be desire than love for he . her relationship with she son be pretty complicated . oscar 's parent : they die in they thirty when oscar be a child . very tender with they child , we catch only fleeting glimpsis of they during oscar 's memory flashback , but they marriage seem to be generally free of conflict . 145