entrapment Ronald bass first draft screenplay December 2 , 1996 Story by : Ronald bass and Michael herzberg ext . hancock tower , chicago - late night Lake shore drive . four o'clock in the morning . minimal traffic , minimal life . as MAIN title begin , we pan up the face of ... ... hancock Tower . up , up , forty floor , sixty , eighty , very dark up here , street sound fade fast , and as credit continue we can just make out ... ...a dark figure . like a spider . inching its way up the steel surface of the 98th floor , and we close to see ... the thief . all in black , nearly invisible , with a sleek visore helmet that conceal the face . two long , oblong backpack , climb - ing rope and harness across back and shoulder , tool at the belt . move straight up the face of the skyscraper . how be it possible ? closer still to see ... ... the piton- like bolt be electromagnetic , clanking to the steel to support weight . a button release the magnetic charge when the bolt be pull up by cord to a higher position . the thief be remarkably strong and agile , scale the wall with fluid precision , until ... ... we summit . a softly - light , glass - wall penthouse on the 100th floor . subtle spot which bathe painting , sculpture , in a cavernous coldly - decorate space . swiftly , deftly , the thief rig a suction - mount harness to the steel case above a massive window . pulley , metal caribiner clip , yellow kevlar rope . so superbly practice , the rigging be place in second , huge suction cup press to the surface of the glass . the thief reach to a metal rectangle at the top of the rigging , touch a button , a motor whine , the rope tighten and the window ... ... pop free , hang suspended by the kevlar rope which amazingly sustain its awesome weight . the huge pane shudder in the wind , and the thief slip ... ... into the penthouse . nearby , a alarm BOX softly beeps its 60 - second warning to the pulsing of a green light , and the thief attaches a small computerize device which run a series of possible code at dazzle speed on its display panel , until ... ... the right one stop . illuminate in red . the beep , the green light , go off . the device be remove . back to the window , air rush in , attach a similar suction - mount harness from the inside , all exquisitely engineered to rig in second , press new suction cup to the inside of the dangle window pane . a small remote control clicker ... ... release the outside suction cup . the window 's weight now support by the interior rigging . the outside equipment pull into the apartment in a single tug . the whine of a motor , and the pane pull up , the thief expertly popping it into place . no trace of entry . rapidly fold the rigging into a astonishingly compact bundle , the thief scan ... ... the profusion of priceless art . the painting run to otto dix , franz Marc , marcel duchamp . one statue a obvious rodin . the soft lighting make wall seem invisible , everything with a infinity perspective in mind . a obsidian slab dining table that seem to end at the horizon . the thief have pack the rigging away , take out a large cylin - drical tube bear a label we can not read . know the way , quickly through the spectacular apartment , past oil by early german expressionist , Russian futurist , a Rothko , a kandinsky , a Francis Bacon . the thief have no interest in this , and as credit continue , we enter ... ...a powder room . a lime - green pour concrete sink , a copper - plate commode , and across from this ... ...a single painting . unlike the other , clearly a Old master . a 17th century city on the water , church , spire , a ancient bridge . the thief waste no time , unceremoniously ... ... cut the painting from its frame with sure , perfect stroke . roll it quickly in acid-free paper . open the cylindrical tube , pull out ... ... another canvas which we can not see . deftly unroll this , fitting it carefully into the steal painting 's now - empty frame . re-hangs it . stare for a beat through the opaque helmet visor . approve . slip the roll - up steal canvas into the empty tube . leave . before we follow , we shift angle to see the replacement canvas ... a cheerful acrylic portrait . bozo the clown . with the thief now , move fast , into a panell library . there be a chute build into the wall , a brass lid with the word U.S. mail . the thief pop the label tube down the chute . gone. step ... ...onto a bookshelf , reach up to punch out a overhead grate , and ... disappear into the vent . reaching back to refit the grate seamlessly into place . int . vent halogen flashlight lead the way , we thief shimmy down the narrow space , arrive at ... ... a open vertical AIR shaft , blasting air straight up the 100 floor height of the skyscraper , with frightening force . calmly , the thief clip on a different harness , unzip a nylon cover from the backpack , and simply ... leap down the air shaft , startling the shit out of we , as , for a instant ... ... the force of the updraft seem to hold the thief in place , suspend above 100 storey of nothingness . then suddenly , the thief ... ... drop sharply , a exhilate moment of absolute free fall , until a cord be tug and ... ...a nylon parachute open with a pop . we watch the thief drift lazily down . a ride any kid would pay big money for ... ext . hancock tower - late night we original exterior view of the skyscraper 's penthouse . reverse angle now to see in far distance ... ... the dense forest of silhouett office tower of downtown Chicago against the night sky , and we zoom toward they , cover mile in three second , to close on ... ... the high floor of the sear tower , and through a unlit window to see ... ...a telescope . a silhouett figure look through it . SNAP to ... view through the scope 's lens . a amazingly close detail of the hancock Tower penthouse . the scope now pan down the length of the Tower , to ... the street . the thief climb onto a batter old lambretta . calm as you please . and as the scooter glide off ... we hear we unseen voyeur walk away from we telescope . a door open somewhere , and as credit conclude , it ... close . softly . int . webber assurance - day a basement corridor . Long , bare , dimly light . Silent . we be in the bowel of somewhere . a startling clank , like a prison cell unlock . a figure enter the corridor , come this way , on the hurried side of brisk . hector cruz be 42 , tan , fit , gray hair sweep back in a Pat riley do . he wear riley 's armani , too . maybe this guy coaches . heel echo until he reach a plain door with discreet lettering ... no admittance for any reason . there be a dull silver rectangle below the word . he hold he hand up to it ... nothing happen . shit. dry he palm on he perfectly - crease slack . one more time . click . enter ... int . situation room - day a unexpectedly vast semi-circular room , the entire inner circum - ference make up of a single continuous wall screen , separate into a seamless array of image ... Three -dimensional rotate graphic of every room in the hancock Tower penthouse , schematics of electrical , plumbing , and ventila - tion system . see -through rotate multicolor model of every piece of security equipment imaginable , component flashing as performance simulation be run . rapid-fire sequence of indiv- idual human profile , complete with photo and bio blurb . screen flicker with blizzard of data , hurtle past at warp speed . the Pentagon and CNN would kill for this room . the large segment of screen , twenty foot square , run a live feed from the crime scene . the live room of the penthouse , crawl with slow - move cop and technician , do they slow - move thing . surround this image be a dozen smaller screen , show this and other room from a variety of camera angle . all live . we see the library , the mail chute . the powder room . bozo . Cruz skip down three step to floor level , nine separate control station , each outfit with super - tech panel to process the avalanche of information . but today , all station be empty . except one . cruz Baker . you get it solve ? and now we see she . from the rear . slouch at she station . look like a skinny teenager in tousle tawny hair , rumple oversize workshirt , vintage jeans . gin ( o.s. , from the rear ) actually . yeh . not a kid 's voice . throaty . Music and whiskey and sex and effortless confidence . even the voice turn we on . cruz ( glance at he watch ) what take you so long , gin ? I call 4:30 this morn ... and stop . because she turn with a look that would freeze anyone to stone . gin I be with someone , all right ? now we really see she . delicate bone and feature , slender body , radiating the power of a natural heart -stopp beauty . ginger baker be 32 , ethereal and feral at once . electric green eye crackle with a intellect and a will that be not to be fuck with . cruz so ? this be work . he be not kid . Stainless steel beneath the dapper . they be a match team . gin hector , I hardly know the guy . why be impolite to stranger ? and he smile . maybe she 's lie . he like she . cruz look at that asshole ... he mean the cop on live feed . cruz if the vermeer be lie on that table , they would toss they doughnut on it . gin yeh , well , they do not insure it , so they do not have to solve this . to they it 's a crime . to we it 's 24 mile , less re-insurance , which be ... cruz ( grim ) only thirty percent , gin . ouch . really ? cruz which be why you be on this . Soft and straight . you be the best . I need you . gin he come in through the window . cruz that 's not possib ... gin what 's not possible be entry through the door or the vent . that would have trigger instant alarm . cruz the window be wire , too . gin only for trauma . they use smart glass , where the sensor respond to violation of the panel 's integrity . he 's listen . he always do with she . gin I think he scale the wall , pop the frame . in one piece . she sound awfully positive . then again , she always do . gin then , he only have to deal with heat and motion sensor . they be on 60 - second delay , so the owner would not trigger the alarm just be walk arou ... cruz the pane weigh 200 pound , the building 's 1100 foot high . gin this particular guy be the best . the best there ever be . almost as if she know who . Cruz shake he head ... cruz pop the frame would trigger the alarm . she smile . first time . even at one - tenth power , it be dazzle light . she touch the panel before she ... gin ( gently ) I write a program and run it , dumbo . the live feed be replace by a red-outline rotate three - dimensional diagram of the live room . the alarm box glow green . one window pane glow lavender . she touch the panel , and the window shatter , the alarm instantly emit a piercing screech . reset . as he watch . this time the window slide away into thin air . no sound . a stick figure appear , crawl through the open , and the alarm begin the slow beep we hear last night . Cruz just stare . gin here 's how I figure it out ... live feed replace the diagram . we camera zoom toward a vase of lily by the window . all the flower be tilt in one direction . over the lip of the vase , away from the window . gin no one arrange flower like that . it be the draft from the window . he turn to she . cruz you say . this particular guy . now she be beam . excite . and just above a whisper ... gin Andrew macdougal . delighted at he stupefy reaction . cruz why not houdini ? or pretty Boy floyd ? maybe Jesus Christ . gin because they could not do it . his slow smile . this fuck kid . cruz he 's be out of the business . for ten year . gin maybe not . no one ever prove , hell , even arrest he , for steal anything . but we all know he be numero ichiban for thirty year . why not forty ? she 's serious . cruz why ? because of the bozo switch ? guy have be copying he pack - rat signature for decade . maybe the thief want it to look like macdougal . she do not even answer . just touch she panel , and one of the data screen blows up to huge size . it be ... gin a list of he private collection . complete to three acquisition last Thursday . name scrolling up endlessly , next to title , description , estimate retail and black market value . Turner , corot , Thomas cole , deKoon , klimt , cezanne , odilon redon , braques , Mary cassatt ... cruz no vermeer . nothing close . gin do not be a putz . this be he legitimate collection , which he busy . presentable for any search warrant surprise party . name keep roll , dega , Paul klee . amazing . gin what he rip off , he fence . and the money feed he portfolio of investment , which be dare , savvy , and obscenely succesf ... cruz oh , I get it . he have no interest in vermeer , so that prove he steal one . by that logic , he oughta be a suspect most of the time . she shake she head , sadly . gin you love to embarrass yourself . touches she panel . the big screen now show a grainy videotape of ... gin the auction . where we client buy the painting ... we see the great room of a English country estate . perhaps a hundred attend . genteel to the max . gin ( o.s. ) Ashcroft Hall , buckinghamshire , four week ago . the tape pan five painting on the block . we recognize we vermeer , the city of delft , the canal , the bridge . the view pull back to include the crowd , and ... freeze . one tiny section be circle . and blows up twenty foot . high , so blurry as to be unrecognizable . then , snap to amazing resolution . the image of ... gin ( o.s. , murmur ) anyone we know ? ... andrew macdougal , perhaps 60 , as charismatic and shamelessly virile a face as one can recall . etched with character and worldly experience , light by a twinkle behind the razor- keen gaze . tall , wide shoulder , massive hand . this guy would be more fun to fuck than fight . by a lot . cruz so he be there . gin stake it out . why bid , when you can mark the buyer , and jack it within the month ? she lean way back in the mold chair . lift she long leg up onto the console . they end in slender bare foot . the toe wriggle . gin at this moment , he be wing on jal flight 307 to narita , ostensibly to attend a prestigious auction at the Hotel akura , which will include a mix media collage / oil by Georges braques , on which he supposedly have he eye . cruz but you know better . gin Bet you ass . at Vegas odd . touches the panel . the big screen now hold three face , three name . gin ( o.s. ) Research reveal three know fence , still at large , who be believe to have broker vermeer to black market buyer . sandrine palmer be hospitalize in malta with ovarian cancer . one face and name disappear . two remain . koichi naruhito . hiroyuki yamaji . gin the other two . live in Tokyo . a tiny , dry , adorable , shrug . which say , bingo . cruz and you do all this since 4:30 this morning . grinning small at each other . she can not help that hers be hot . she never can . cruz ( murmur ) plus . you be polite to a stranger . one of that moment when he attraction to she be too obvious to ignore . best to defuse by pretend it 's a joke ... gin ( soft and playful ) sound like you be sorry you be already a friend . Said as banter between pal . which do not make she wrong . int . HOTEL okura , tokyo - night auction in progress in the huge traditional lobby , where bonsai tree , paper lantern and elaborate paint screen counterpoint the sleek , international , big -money crowd . everyone milling , drink , schmooze , networking in a babble of language , as up on the raise platform ... ... the auctioneer have a new piece on the block , a 6th century temple scroll , from the asuka period . it be exquisite , and bid seem to be big time , from the rapidly escalate number on the overhead digital display , which reveal bid status in thirty currency simultaneously . as we pan the hall , we see ... ... all non - asian either wear headphone , or acompany by personal translator at they elbow , to follow the rapid-fire auctioneer . except one . andrew macdougal stand alone in black tie . tall and rugge and polished and focus , and , well , pretty gorgeous . he be bid on the scroll , indicate only by subtle gesture with he program and the repeat finger - stab of the auctioneer in we direction . woman' voice ( o.s. , subtitle japanese ) do not do it . pull back slightly to reveal gin , who have step to he shoulder . she be barely recognizable to we in she satiny slip of a pale golden gown that drape she frame perfectly . breathtake would be a insult . macdougal do not turn , do not seem to even hear she . just raise he program to up the bid . gin ( softly , subtitle japanese ) you be already over value . by 15 percent . and now he turn . straight to she eye . this be not a admire glance at see the loveliest woman in the Northern hemisphere . it be a look that say , in the most understate term , shut up or I will kill you . she shut up . his glance go to he obvious bid rival , a rather butch middle - age chinese woman in a embroider version of a mao suit . she indicate she bid by gesture with a tiny Yorkshire terrier , whom she hold in she stubby hand . macdougal raise back . gin ( subtitle japanese ) will you stop be stubborn for one sec ... and stop . because he have turn . with the eye of a lion . be pull from a antelope carcass . mac ( quietly , subtitle japanese ) I have a question . Rich Scottish voice . impeccable japanese intonation . gin ( brightly , subtitle japanese ) who the fuck be I ? mac ( subtitle japanese ) that be of no interest . oh . in spite of herself , she look a little hurt . gin ( subtitle japanese ) what , then ? mac ( subtitle japanese ) why . be we speak . japanese ? her eye move across he formidable face . gin uh. I be show off . his eye scan the length of she gown . her body . mac something of a habit ? she be minus a comeback . mac you know the alleged value of this piece from some fuck computer , which have no clue of the price I can turn the scroll around for in 30 minute . a beat . gin no , you can not . he blink . no ? gin ( really sorry ) it 's sell . his great head whip around to see Madame mao kissing she pooch , flushed with victory . he stare for a long moment , a veneer of philosophical almost mask he rage . when he turn back ... mac be you a confederate of my adversary ? or be you just stupid . and walk . away . hold on she . feeling like both . ext . HOTEL okura - night Mac among the guest await they car , stand slightly apart . from behind he ... ...a feminine throat clear . nervously . he close he eye for a beat . then , turn . gin ( softly ) how about . if I try humility . and present a business card to he with both hand , japanese - style . Mac look in she eye . take the card with both hand . read ... mac Virginia romay ... gin gin , actually , gin romay . I be name after a card game . mac or a cheap cocktail . she blink . his brow raise ... mac ( softly ) as in . I will have a gin romay , please . with a twist . that laser , unsmile stare . Beyond sexy . she get lose in it for a beat . gin you be suppose to be charming . mac I be suppose to be selective . glance back to she card . read ... mac Art and antiquity Acquisition advisor , how alliterative ... look up . still no smile . mac and be I the antiquity ? gin in mint condition . she sigh . achingly lovely . gin look , I have study you , I know ... pretty much ... everything . do you . gin make you first million sell scrap metal . then , gold mining concession , gem , art , and lately strategic metal for new technology - platinum , zirconium , titanium ... mac you say . everything . huh ? oh . gin the cat burglar storey ? why would anyone ... with so much to lose ... take that kind of risk ? guileless smile . gin you would have to be . stupid . a hold beat . his glance lift beyond she shoulder . mac Excuse I . and walk off toward a sleek custom touring car just pull up . she go after he . gin I do not know porsche make thing like this . mac well , they do not ... tipping the valet . slide in ... mac ... as a rule . shut the door . through the open window , she hand something from she bag . a plastic rectangle which open into a slide viewer . she press the light on . he look at the slide . gin recognize that ? no reaction . gin my seller be in shinjuku , we can go there tonight . she lean closer . gin he want 4.6 million . I can get it for three . he hand it back . look in she eye . mac no , you can not . and take off . her jaw drop slightly , but in one fluid motion ... she 's hail a cab . int . imperial HOTEL bar - later graceful , timeless room , design by Frank Lloyd wright in the ' 20 . burnish . elegant . Way cool . a place to drink , to deal , to dream . pan down the polished surface of the bartop , till we come to ... ...a tropical drink . cute little umbrella , tilt back toward the room . rotate angle to see ... ... inside the umbrella , something small , something mechanical . a woman 's hand adjust the point of the umbrella ever so slightly , and we pan up she arm to see ... ... gin. still in she gown . she be read , with half - glass , and one of the bow curl around she ear , which we close on to hear ... ... static . gin adjust the drink umbrella , which be a directional mike , and hear ... mac ( o.s. ) ... only it 's not bloody football ! SNAP to Mac 's table , well across the room . drink giant beer with a large , really fat japanese guy in a costly ; if wrinkle , suit . the hulk listen with stone attention to Mac 's rant , as if he actually give a shit . mac ( o.s. ) ... it 's just that crap Americans call ' football ' , like you could call you ass a butterscotch scone and have it be one ! the guy nod seriously . maybe he 's a sumo dude . mac why you would want to bring that foolishness to Japan , you be just pissing you investment down a bungee hole . sumo guy ( major accent ) you get cubano this trip ? that he do . Mac pull out a leather cigar holder , and pass it over . flat against one side be a envelope , which sumo guy palm skillfully , slip it seamlessly into he pocket as he withdraw a small match BOX . take out one long cigar , light up ... mac seriously , put the money into pharmaceutical or prostitution , something stable . the big guy push the cigar holder and match box back toward mac. open the box , Mac see one match and a small microchip fastened to the cardboard . light up . slide the match box in he pocket . mac garbage , perhaps . or industrial plastic . angle ... gin still engross in she read . a figure lean down next to she . she startles , slightly . so surprised to see ... mac my favorite thing in life . coincidence . she give he the great smile . gin I be stay here , what 's you excuse ? and now he smile . first time ever . a little chill , the way he do it . mac stay here , as well . you be in room ...? gin ( half a beat ) one thirty -eight . in one motion , he flag the bartender ... mac will you send a half - bottle of chateau d' yquem ' 67 to room 138 , please ? and some berry and chocolate for the lady to enjoy it with . he press some currency into the barkeep 's hand . turn back ... mac actually , I be just across the room , dicker with a gentleman over the purchase of a interesting spitzweg . until I determine the painting be apparently steal ... oh . she 's shocked . he agree ... mac go against my grain . the deKoon in you slide , the 4.6 million you can get for 3 . can you get it for 2 and a half ? she look in he eye . gin sure . and as if he believe she ... mac my checkbook be in my safe . you wait here . his smile evaporate . he be go before she can say ... gin okay . I will wait here . int . car , shinjuku district - night Mac drive in silence . gin steal glance at he . suddenly and smoothly , he reach down , and pick up ... gin that 's my purse . he open it . one eye on the road , he begin to rummage ... mac just want to see if I be with the person you say you be . can not be too caref ... she snatch the bag away from he , he grab it back , the car swerve left , and ... ... crash violently into a park pure white bentley . Metal buckle and tear , both alarm go off , a cacophony of horrific noise . mac ( quietly ) oh , dear . people come running , but we focus be draw to the refine elderly couple who be just return to they precious bentley . they wail and anguish would be suitable if all they grandchild have be crush beneath Mac 's wheel . Mac and gin be out of the car . as he exit , Mac have palm a small blade , and in a quick unseen motion , ripped a jag tear in he leave trouser leg . the old couple rush to Mac , shrieking they rage and grief in japanese , gin be try to calm they as bystander gather , but Mac cut through ... mac ( subtitle japanese ) we will go in there , and call the police . and hobble off toward the nearest building , a block -square 30 - story skyscraper bear the name fujitsu . the couple , the crowd , all race after the limping Mac ... gin be you all right ? no answer , he look dark enough to rain . into the public lobby of the huge industrial complex . two night guard come hurry from they desk , as the small mob pour in . Mac in the lead , a commanding presence , tell the guard in a loud , clear voice ... mac ( subtitle japanese ) I have damage the car of this kind people . please help they call the police ... one guard lead the hysterical couple toward a phone . Mac pull up he trouser leg , and gin gasp to see a bloody gash . Mac drop the trouser back over the wound . ask the remain guard ... mac ( subtitle japanese ) May I use a washroom , please . the guard nod absently , disorient by the chaos . Mac hand he billfold to gin ... mac this be my papers , passport , car registration . if the police arri ... gin you be go to need stitches , let I get you to a hospital . Soft word , genuine concern . and he eye flicker . as if somehow see she for the first time . a small spark , but she feel it . softer still ... gin really , this can all wait . I will handle it . the look hold . mac that 's actually . very sweet . his first real smile . it be worth wait for . mac ( to a guard , subtitle japanese ) might you have a first Aid kit , of some kind ? int . toilet stall we be inside a empty , close , japanese - style toilet stall . porcelain foot rest . a hole . the door burst OPEN , and ... ... Mac enter fast with the first Aid kit , lock the door , hit the stopwatch on he wrist , which begin count at zero . he pull up he trouser leg , revealing the bloody gash , and simply ... ... rip the entire wound off , the rubbery prosthetic wound dangle , drip its phony blood . Mac pull gauze strip from the kit , soak they in bogus gore , expertly wrap he leg , then flush the prosthetic down the hole . he pull off the fujitsu visitor badge clipped to he lapel , and from a Ziploc bag slide a small sheet of plastic , which he presses to the face of the badge , fitting perfectly , turn the badge into ... ...an employee i.d. , the name kawakubo , M. , the photo of a surly japanese male . quickly , Mac take out the match BOX from the hotel bar , and with a fine tweezers gently remove the microchip , place it inside the badge , activate it with a soft beep - beep . he reach now ... ... behind he back , up under he tux jacket , and rip free a tightly - compress pack of what seem white paper or cloth . he snap it loose , revealing it to be ... ...a baggy clean suit , not unlike hospital scrub and fall to the floor ... ...a white hood . with opaque tinted visor . int . security corridor Mac in he clean suit and opaque-visored hood at a elevator mark cleare personnel only in English and kanji ( japanese character ) . he hold he badge to the scanner , the door ping and slide OPEN .. int . prep room entrance , 29th floor Mac emerge from he elevator at the entrance to a AIR - lock with sign clean room - CLASS 10 . hold he badge to the scanner , the air-lock door light flash froin red to yellow to green . he enter ... ... the prep room . record voice purr safety instruction in japanese , while Mac stand , be bombard by air shower , chemical sprayer , blind UV light . the next air-lock open . he enter ... int . clean room ...a long assembly line , where robot arm work on a stream of black silicon wafer , which pass along a clear lexan conveyor belt . the wafer move through various airtight chamber , expose they to multi-color gass , cyan , sodium yellow , magenta , etc. , as part of the microchip manufacturing process . more than a dozen technician in they hood clean suit watch over every phase of the work , attach to the wall by ground wire and air hose , which create a deafen noise . Mac simply hook himself up , and saunter straight through the area , toward the place where the conveyor belt with its newly - process microchip ... ... disappear through the wall . nearby , a hatch be build into the same wall , and Mac calmly clanks it OPEN , squeezing through into ... ...a dimly -lit maintenance BAY . panel of switch , wire , fuse , fan , air cleaner . maximum claustrophobia , as Mac clang the hatch shut behind he , look instantly to ... ...an overhead hatch with letter in kanji and English , danger argon gas . Mac throws back he hood , yank out he mini oxygen pouch , fit the slender fork breathe tube into he nostril , and slip on thick round infrared goggle that make he look like a refugee from 12 monkey . no time to lose ... ...up through the overhead hatch , close it behind he as he enter ... ... the conveyer tube , a horizontal lexan cylinder three foot in diameter , fill with billow red gas . Mac stretch out on he belly , glance up to where the clear conveyor belt , with its precious cargo of microchip , run along just above he head in eerie red light . he begin to ... ... shimmy , crawl , squirm along the length of the tube . Gas too thick to see the end . he be agile as a commando , haul ass , when suddenly ... ... the floor beneath he tube fall away , and he be crawl in space 29 storey above Tokyo , as he tube span the distance between manufacturing and shipping structure . he go faster , harder ... int . microchip vault a black chamber . we can scarcely make out the endless row of shelving , the air purify equipment , the conveyor belt enter through its air lock , as machinery fold each priceless microchip in foil wrapper , stack they on shelf . through the gasket ... ... Mac tumble into view , swinging himself neatly down to the floor , and in a single motion , he be already flashing a neon -green pen light along the shelf of microchip . we see now the wrapper be different color , with different kanji character , and Mac be definitely look for something special , until ... ...he 's find it . a single row , 35 chip , nothing special from here , but Mac ... ... whip out something coiled , snap it to full length , revealing a strip of shiny black satin cloth . Three foot long , little more than a inch wide . carefully , Mac lay the strip down directly over the row of microchip . and when he lift it up again ... ... the chip have adhere to the underside of the cloth . in one deat SNAP of he wrist , he coil the cloth again , like a yo-yo . turn to leave , and ... oh , yeh . toss a small sack of something where the chip use to be . tim' cascade brand potato chip . sea salt and vinegar flavor . int . clean room Mac exite from the maintenance hatch back into the clean room . no one see , no one care . hook up once again , he amble toward a door clearly mark exit only to employee lounge - return only through security area . by the door be a employee notice tack to the wall . he pretend to scan it . a stack of flyer . he take one . exiting into ... int . employee lounge past a change area , vend machine , guy bullshit . Mac just strolling along , read he flyer , as ... a hand . touches he shoulder voice ( subtitle japanese ) Excuse I . Mac turn , stare through he opaque visor at a well - build security officer . Dead straight eye . officer ( subtitle japanese ) the company picnic . Saturday or Sunday ? his eye cut to the flyer Mac be ' read ' . Mac hand it to he , and without a trace of Scottish accent ... mac ( subtitle japanese ) better eat first . int . guest lobby gin be up to she ear in grief . there be no less than five cop grill she , take note , while the old couple have they second wind and be shrieking in top form . the bystander gallery have grow to maybe three dozen , and they be all get they word in . as gin struggle to cope ... ... she keep look at the clock . darting glance toward the corridor . she be freaking out . finally . she can not stand it . hand Mac 's billfold to one of the cop , push she way through the mob , and ... ... take off down the corridor , a security guard in belate pursuit , we go ... ... with she down the hallway , wheel around a corner , flat - out sprint , skid to a stop at the right doorway and burst into ... int . men' room a empty washroom . she listen . nothing . gin Mr. macdougal ? Sir ? no sound . uh-oh . gin uh. Mr. ma ... mac ( o.s. , from the stall ) just ' Mac ' . and whatever become of a gentleman 's privacy ? the security guard barge in . mac ( o.s. ) my God , more female ? the guard start railing at gin a mile a minute . she calmly take a wad of bill from she purse . hand they to the guy ... gin ( subtitle japanese ) stand outside . that door . two minute ... he do . alone again . gin I be worried , it 's be twenty ... mac ( o.s. ) eighteen , actually . the leg be fine , but I get sort of ... woozy . gin woozy . mac ( o.s. ) lose my stomach once or twice . CUT inside the stall . he be just re-taping the fold clean suit and hood to the small of he back . mac I be a old man . you probably notice . awkward silence . he smile at that , much amused . slip on he jacket . mac you should see I without my tooth . unlocks the door . remember ... mac ah. must not forget to zip up . that 's not what he forget . he pull out the coiled black satin cloth strip , snap it free , microchip snug to the underside . and fit it neatly ... ... down he trouser leg . the perfect tuxedo stripe . out the door . to meet she gaze . mac odd place , this . he go to she . offer he arm . mac what do you suppose they make here ? video recorder ? she take it , wrapping both hers through . gin microchip , I think , for computer . he open the door . usher she through ... mac bad investment . the best one be here today ... follow she out ... mac ( o.s. ) go tomor ... close door . quiet . int . cab , nihonbashi district - night they sit together in the rear of the taxi , as it make its way through late night traffic . she be look around . gin this be not the way to my sel ... mac ( quietly ) I have change my mind . look straight ahead . contemplative . she stare at he profile ... gin mind tell I why ? mac you can not get it for I at 2.5 , can you ? gin well , we can tr ... mac you be set I up . the correct price be 2.8 . you conspire with the seller to start at 4.6 , so I will be grateful when you ' bargain ' he down to three . Close enough to fool some people . unfortunately ... he sigh . never look at she . mac I be old . I know what everything be worth . she keep stare . gin so where be we g... mac I be go to the airport . you be go on to the rest of you life . which ... he think . admit ... mac ... should be interesting . her turn to think . gin you forget you lugg ... mac the hotel deal with that . the thing I need be always wait at the next one . ( afterthought ) I do not carry . baggage . Little twist on that . gin sensible . and you be off to ...? mac oh , that 's highly personal . he still stare straight ahead . the taxi pull onto a freeway . toward narita Airport . time run out . and in she dearest , most vulnerable , voice ... gin I do so hope to impress you . she put the fingertip of she leave hand . on he chest . a silence . no reaction . gin ( hopeful ) I be still hope ... and he smile . turn to she eye . mac Young lady . I be old enough to be you grandfather . she shake she head . uh-uh . gin ( soft ) my father . leans she mouth in for the kill . gin ( whisper ) that 's part of the rush . and softly . fit she mouth to he . the green eye close , as she taste he . nothing predatory in this kiss . it be tender , exquisite . a kiss of deep long . of true love . his arm slip around she . and in less than five second ... taxi driver ( o.s. , racist accent ) still on of ' airport ? nobody . say . nothin ' . int . mac' suite - late night a small bottle . a ornate label . chateau d' yquem ' 67 . gin lift it from the table , study the label . she wear only a man 's oversize t-shirt . we rotate angle reveal the empty bed , tangle sheet . gin look pretty rumple herself . she lift the bottle , two glass , a plateful of chocolate and strawberry , and go to the slide glass door overlook ... ... the terrace . Mac sit on a futon at the balcony railing , overlook downtown Tokyo . he wear a thin japanese robe call a yukata , and be wrap in half of a huge down coverlet from the bed . the other half obviously wait for ... gin here . a reward . she curl down into the billow coverlet , just against he body . set she thing beside he . mac a reward for what ? gin for not be old . after all . it be a lovely smile . he study it for a beat . mac you mean . not as old as I look . she trace she finger along he cheek . gin ( a whisper ) yeh . and kiss he . it take awhile . she seem to enjoy it . with he , it 's harder to tell . when she pull back ... ...he pick up a chocolate . tear it in half . offer she the larger piece . gin do I deserve a reward ? no answer . he put the chocolate into she mouth . with great tenderness , he trace the line of she lower lip . as she swallow . gin it 's so hard to find good casual sex , anymore . I be probably out of practice . but he just look at she . mac what 's hard to find . be someone you truly want to be with . and lean closer . just above a whisper ... mac even for awhile . he kiss she . beautiful and deep , the way he do it . and when he pull back , she be stare at he . as if at a loss for something to say . gin it 's lucky we stop by my room , for the wine . she swallow . because he gaze be unrelent . as if not forget that she 's change the subject . gin otherwise , we would never have find my bag be steal . until tomorrow . mac would that make it more steal ? she smile . his face look kind now , not formidable at all . maybe she 's wonder if she actually like he . gin they even get my prescription . mac something you need ? there be all - night chemist ... he do look concerned . and therefore sweet . she kiss he nose . gin I take prilosec . for stomach acid . and a inhaler . for asthma . she get she old smile . the soft , wick tease . gin but since I do not have to work all that hard tonight ... he stare at she . cock a finger , like a gun , right between she eye . pantomime pull the trigger . gin ( softly ) ouch . I have that come . she pivot , and snuggle she back comfortably into he chest . he wrap strong arm around she . pull she close . gin why would someone steal my luggage ? every guest in this place must have more than a wannabe art dealer . mac ah. maybe the thief think you have something valuable in there . something in the tone . gin such as ... mac well . wannabe dealer make excellent fence . a flicker . in she eye . and she cuddle back . as if enjoy the humor . gin he think I have a steal painting . in my bag . mac I be joke , of course . kiss the top of she head . mac the vermeer would not fit . her eye widen . just a little . gin Excuse I ? mac why , do you do something wrong ? she turn all the way around . they face be inch apart . each read the other 's eye . gin you say . vermeer . mac the most famous painting steal this week . his turn . to kiss she nose . mac if you do not keep up on you craft . you will miss all the joke . and lower she gently onto she back . still stare in she eye , he wind she leg around he . her mouth part , but ... ...he fill it with he own . this conversation . be over . int . mac' suite - morning view of the empty terrace , the rumple , twisted coverlet . maybe they spend all night . hear the shower run full blast in a distant bathroom . pull back to see ... gin , hair wet , wrap in a plush hotel robe , rapidly and expertly go through dresser , night stand , closet , sofa cushion , every goddam thing in the room . she come to ... ... Mac 's tux . the jacket , rifle the pocket , pat the lining . the pants now ... ... something peculiar . the right leg have no stripe . touches the cloth . slightly sticky where the stripe should be . odd . angle ... the bathroom . shower run full blast . but there 's no one in it . angle ... a storage closet . Mac crouching in the smallspace . we see the travel bag . the luggage tag , virginia romay , a darien , Connecticut address . the emboss initial vr . but there be something else in Mac 's hand ... ...a prescription bottle . prilosec . and a name , ginger baker . Chicago address . Mac put the pill in the pocket of he robe ... ... exit the closet . lock the door . angle ... Mac amble into the bedroom , toweling he hair with one hand . holding he billfold in the other . gin be start a room service breakfast . egg , sausage , belgian waffle . the girl can eat . mac I be so glad I do not leave Tokyo . she look up . trademark dry grin ... gin I love a guy who know how to sweet talk . he stand over she . smiling . what he mean be ... mac there be a call . while you be sleep . a call . mac a art dealer I know . he have a Monet . minor , but it be Giverny . he will let I have it for 5.3 million . she stare at he . gin ( cautiously ) we can maybe beat that . mac ( pull plastic from he billfold ) I agree . this be a bank debit card . it give the bearer access to a account contain 4.6 and change . I dislike round number . and hand . the card to she . as she eye move over it ... mac I would like you to go down there , and pick up the painting . if that 's all right . without look up ... gin me. mac if I be there , he will haggle . you just hand he the debit card , with that ... luminous smile . and say , take it or leave it . now she eye come up . she say nothing . hesitant . mac oh , dear . I think you so want to make a good impression . gin think I already do th ... mac and along with make a excellent impression . you will also make 2 percent of the purchase price . she blink . mac that 's $ 92,000 . and change .. for two hour work . the look hold . he go to the desk . lift a cellular phone . toss it to she . mac any problem . just give I a ring . gin stolen painting be it ? mac of course not . and on he way out the door ... mac if it be . I would not pay more than three . ext . wharf , yokohama - day gin climb out of a taxi at a scruffy section of yokohama 's bund . sleazy shop , pachinko parlor , hostess bar , sidewalk noodle counter , all build along a tall rickety pier nearly thirty foot above the pound surf . the harbor be gigantic . every type and size of vessel imaginable . gin carry a long neoprene - cover tube with watertight seal and a lightweight bright orange foam cover . she look at she slip of paper . then across at the place ... kendo souvenirs , a schlock kickback parlor , with a tourist bus park out front . this can not be right . pull out the cellular phone . dial . mac' recorded voice ( o.s. ) you have reach the voice- mail of amd investment . and , yes , you be at the right place . Fucking great . gin ( into phone , piss ) I like man with a sense of humor . this do not qualify . snap the phone shut . check the slip again . walk firmly across the street , through the mob of tourist , and into ... int . kendo souvenirs - day the place be huge , ramshackle , load with every piece of tourist crap imaginable . the only painting on display be renderings of big cat on black velvet . she wind she way through , to a counter at the back . one guy there ... gin ( subtitle japanese ) May I please speak with Mr. okati . okati you doin ' it . the best we can say for the pudgy , bald fellow in the Hawaiian shirt and spectacularly baggy trousers , be that he do not seem to be the guy who be sell you a Monet . even a minor one . gin I think there 's some mista ... okati you from Mac ? she stop . Jesus . the guy cough horribly . gin I be from Mac . okati lemme see card . she hesitates . okati four million , six hundred thirteen thousand , five hundred ? wow . he slap he hand on the table . Lay it down , toot . gin you first . he shrug . lift straight up , from beneath the counter ... ...a brown paper - wrap rectangle . not much larger than two foot square . she can not even believe she 's here , do this . gesture to he . open it up ! he oblige , coughing grossly all the while . unwrapped , the painting do look like a Monet . from here . she stare at it . gin now bring I the real one . he do not blink . okati this as real as it get , lady . and from within she pocket . the cellular ring . she take it out . put it to she ear . mac ( o.s. ) you get it ? gin ( into phone ) be this a audition , a joke , or a rip-off ? I be stare at a obvious forgery , here . mac ( o.s. ) turn it over . this give she pause . then , cradling the phone against she shoulder , she do as she 's tell . to see ... mac ( o.s. ) be there a envelope ? tape to the back ? in a Ziploc bag ? sure be . gin ( into phone ) uh-huh . mac ( o.s. ) detach the bag . read what 's in it . aloud . she do . carefully unfold several sheet of paper , map ... gin ( read into phone ) shikoku naru , a freighter , it say , yokohama to jakarta ... date , statistic ... specs on some kind of machine , diag ... mac ( o.s. ) paper back in the envelope , envelope back in the Ziploc , very quickly , without seem to hurry ... her eye be flicker question , but she do as she 's tell , cradling the phone with she shoulder . mac ( o.s. ) now take the debit card from you purse , slip the Ziploc into the purse as you do it , shield the move from everyone in the room but okati . and she do . more deftly than we could ever have imagine . like a pro . mac ( o.s. , quietly ) give he the card . a beat . gin ( into phone ) Mac , the painting 's a forg ... mac ( o.s. , even quieter ) this be a test . of whether you will still be alive four minute from now . do you hear I ? her face freeze . in a pleasant smile . gin ( into phone ) yes , Mac , I do . mac ( 0.5 . ) now . Hand he the card , and tell he in japanese to pretend he be check it by phone . tell he to take awhile , as if he 's on hold . she turn the sweet plastic smile to okati . hand he the card ... gin ( subtitle japanese ) Mac say , pretend you be check this by phone , and take you it ... okati ( subtitle japanese ) ... like I be on hold , sure . and suddenly , he eye be keen and quick , and he be no longer some schmuck in baggy pants . he take the card , stare at it comically , pick up the phone . mac ( o.s. ) while he 's check , look around the room casually , as if search for the cheesy handbags ... she begin to . mac ( o.s. ) all the while laugh , as if you be chat with someone you actually like . gin ( into phone ) I be not that good . but she be . and she laugh , as she stroll over to the cheesy handbags . mac ( o.s. ) as you be look around , do you notice any m ... gin ( into phone ) Three guy , two together , one alone . cheap suit , not look at I in a cop-casual way . mac ( o.s. ) call out cheerily to okati , in English , ' where 's the toilet ? ' gin ( into phone ) can I say , ' little girl 's room ' ? a beat . mac ( o.s. ) wing it . gin ( call out , cheerily ) where' the crapper ? okati , absorb by he make - believe phone call , point around the back . mac ( o.s. ) get go . now . gin ( into phone , as she saunter ) Mac , the painting be not ... mac ( o.s. ) you have get what we buy , be you out of they sight ? she turn the corner . filthy corridor . restroom at opposite end . mac ( o.s. ) run into the man 's toilet . I know you know how . a beat of uncertainty . she look both way . mac ( o.s. , ominous ) be you run ? and she doe . sprint down the garbage - strewn hallway , throw OPEN the man 's room door , bursting in on ... ...a wispy old guy take a leak through a hole in the floor . gin ( subtitle japanese ) get the fuck out of here ! the panicked little man startle . bolt out the door . mac ( o.s. ) jump . jump ? hear now , from the corridor , footfalls pounding . she look down through the piss hole . the surf roil thirty foot below . gin ( into phone ) it 's too small . mac ( o.s. ) the window , twit ! oh . she hop over the disgusting hole , boost herself up to the small window , footfalls racing closer , hoist herself halfway through , dropping the phone a scary 30 foot to the surf below , as behind she , the door ... ... slam OPEN and she fly out the window ... gin shiiiiiiiiiit ... with she in slo - mo , kick and flail and grasp she shoulder bag , and she ... hit the ocean like a ton of brick . disappear . come up , sputtering in the swirl water , as from out of the shadow of the piling ... ... a engine roar to life , the blur of a custom jetski , Mac reach to scoop the startle girl out of the water , and they ... ... blast off , as bullet rain helplessly after they . the agent shouting into they cellular , racing in frustration down the pier , which rapidly vanish behind we , as ... ... gin hang onto Mac for dear life . this baby be really haul . he wear a orange waterproof slicker with match trousers . shout back , against the noise ... mac be you pissed off ? she think . admit , shouting in he ear ... gin actually . it's incredibly cool ! he be head into deep water , a major shipping channel , point to one side , and she see ... ...a huge harbor patrol vessel FIRE up in near distance . the chase be on . they speed toward the wake of a luxury liner , and as she realize ... gin oh noooooo ... they slam into the wake head on , and be airborne for a amazing distance , jolting back to the surface , racing toward ... ... two gigantic freighters which approach each other from opposite direction . the Harbor patrol in hot pursuit , blasting its horn ... gin we're gonna die , aren 't we ? mac just as soon as i'm ready ! as we near the outbound freighter , Mac cut he speed . now the Harbor patrol be really gain . gin faster , not slower , you twit !! mac have to give they a sporting chance ... cruise straight toward the part side of the outbound freighter , as the inbound freighter begin to pass it on the far side ... mac ... something we scot learn from the brit ! as the Harbor patrol be nearly on they , Mac veer suddenly around the stern of the outbound freighter , the Harbor patrol wheeling madly to pursue , only to find we be both careening straight at ... ... the starboard side of the inbound freighter , Mac cut he wheel in a adroit nearly right - angle swerve , and hear the scream as the Harbor patrol ... plows into the freighter ! wasting no time , he accelerate into maximum burn , streaking toward the immensely crowded harbor and its thousand vessel . gin can not help but look back at the impressive crash site , mouth a silent wow . near the harbor , Mac cut speed completely , drift between two huge ship and ... ... vanish from sight . ext . SMALL channel - day the tiny jetski cruise in a quiet channel , crowded with vessel of all size , tug , fishing boat , pleasure craft , junk , sampan , all larger than we be . gin cling close to Mac , although it be no necessary . more like romantic . she be still flushed with the rush . gin I guess you be gonna explain all this , huh ? but he say nothing . pull out a water - tight duffle . hand it back to she , without look . mac dry clothes , you will need they . in five minute . she take the bag , confuse . gin I be suppose to change ? here ?? mac I will not look . gentleman 's word of hon ... gin there be a million sailor ! mac I have see you naked . give the boy a thrill . he mean it . mac you probably will not be dating any of they , so what the hell . gin look around as they float through the maze of watercraft . no one seem to be pay much attention . what the hell . she unzip the bag , pull out ... gin ( astonished ) this ... this be mine ! he never look around . mac found them in you room . perhaps the thief be not you size . she stare at the back of he head . wonder . he be stripping off he slicker . a neatly - tailore suit beneath . mac we have a business appointment . in four minute . okay . she pull she dress off over she head . gin Business , huh ? she ignore some nearby whistle and shout . begins drying herself with a fluffy towel from the bag . mac ( never turn ) time have come to tell you . what business . I be actually in . uh-oh. paydirt . gin uh. be I gonna like th ... mac ( quietly ) I be a thief . she can scarcely believe he 's admit this . mac and now that I have tell you . I will have to kill you . he chuckle a Scottish chuckle . cold and warm , at once . mac or ... she slip the dry dress over she head . mac ... you can spend the most interesting three week of you life . train . gin train for wha ... mac ... follow by the most exciting night of you life . after which , you can walk away with 20 million untraceable dollar ... she blink . he mean this . mac ... which will come in handy . thing be what they be . he shrug . mac from now on . you can valet park . she begin take off she wet underwear , underneath the dress . we suspect unseen horde crestfallen at she modesty . gin and if I refuse ? mac ( very quietly ) do not . please . gin I mean , you will not really kill I , I be far too adorable . he look around at she . as if decide on that . mac last night , at fujitsu , I do some business . while you think I be in the toilet . Jesus . gin what could you possibly steal in 18 minute ... mac thirty - five super-microchips . each worth one million dollar . and change . stare dead at she eye . gin you hate round num ... mac I steal you suitcase when I leave you at the bar . I have since send it on to the States , with three chip , well hide . be you follow ? mac since you be not there to claim it , the bag will sit at custom . safe. unless ... no smile . no smile at all . mac they receive . a anonymous . tip. Holy . Fucking . Christ . gin that 's entrapment . mac no , entrapment be what cop do to robber . we can feel she heart pound from here . mac blackmail . be what robber do to schmuck . and lean . to kiss she mouth . mac ( softly ) even adorable one . they have glide up beside the gangway of a gigantic freighter . it be at water level , the step they use for they tender . he point up to the name ... mac pop quiz . shikoku maru . she nod , slowly . pull the Ziploc bag from she purse . hand it over . he remove the sheet of paper . begins to peruse they ... mac admit it 's a rush . the best day of you heretofore drab life . gin fuck you . he glance up . gin ... accompany by related foreplay . and give he the smile . what a gal . he offer he hand . she rise , hop lightly to the step of the gangway in she bare foot . he pull dry shoe from the duffle . and as she slip they on ... ...he flip a switch , and the jetski begin to fill with water , Mac step to the gangway beside she . they watch ... ... the jetski rapidly sink out of sight . no evidence . a thorough guy . int . freighter hold - day Mac and gin stand inside a gigantic cargo BAY , watch massive container be load by crane from a dock , through the gape hatch . the chamber be a vault cathedral of steel , paint hospital green , and Mac 's eye move over all of it , seem to inspect every plate , every pan head rivet . voice ( o.s. , british cheer ) hullo , there ! they turn to see a round little man with water eye and a very wide necktie , skip - down the iron step . burst with a salesman 's bonhomie , he extend a plump hand ... man nickerson carlsby , mr... macduff , yes ? mac banquo macduff . this be my associate-fiancee , Ms. Duncan . the little man pause . a tic in the well - oile smile ... carlsby that be ... fiancee and assoc ... gin ( cheery herself ) I be a hyphenate . ah. like that make complete sense . finger the gardenia in he lapel ... carlsby well , it 's a pleasure , in this alien place , to do business with a countryman . mac I be a Scot . it 's a different country . culturally and historically . I see . carlsby ( look around ) well . they have bring you to quite the wrong place , I see . mac ( look around ) thank God . angle ... carlsby lead the way along a narrow catwalk , which end at a steel door . he press he thumb to the i.d. panel , and speak into the voice box ... carlsby ( confidential code-voice ) in penny Lane , the barber shave another customer ... the door clang open . they go through it , as a gangway lead toward a open five - foot- thick vault door , where two armed guard rise from they seat . carlsby ignore they as if they be furniture . thump the door ... carlsby five foot thick with hide rein - forcement , no way to drill through ! gin ( authoritative ) impressive . carlsby only the tip of we security iceberg . see this two brink lock ...? they do . carlsby the Captain keep one key . the other be continually forward : to the Chief of Security at next port . there be no way to enter during voyage . gin I like this . carisby glance to Mac . he be stone . carlsby the best armed guard , rotate every six hour . a redundancy , of course , but we would rather be safe three time over than merely two . gin sound mathematics . mac ( very quiet ) what if there 's a fire ? in the chamber . ah. carlsby lead they through the open door , into ... ... the maximum -security hold . primo . the steel coat with sleek , matte , black all - grip paint . tubby point up ... carlsby sprinkler . New design . incredible power . the entire chamber be water - proof , fireproof , airtight . if the ship sink , God forfend , you cargo be secure for salvage . no reaction . Mac do not look convinced . carlsby and you cargo be ...? mac wine . wine . mac the bloody jap buy up half the premium claret in the universe . you may have hear . actually . he have . mac I be in charge of shipping some 14,000 bottle , most quite rare , to a number of premium hotel in Hong Kong , bangkok , Singapore , Phuket , and penang . carlsby get the romance of it all . mac all of which be destination on you October voyage . five month from now . however ... and turn to the man . with laser , disapprove eye . mac wine . do not prefer . to be jostle . the man beam . gesture to a series of platform , each swaying at different height , in different direction . carlsby we ' delicate treasure ' platform , suspend on gimbal . you cargo remain unruffled by roiling seas . then , on arrival , be pluck ... point once more ... carlsby by that forklift , and gently deposit on dock through the cargo hatch ... ... a huge circular hatch cut into the hull . Mac 's eye stare blankly at it . a long beat . he pronounce it all ... mac adequate . I suppose . and then turn once more . mac do we see ... a bathing pool . on deck ? carlsby oh , yes , sir . the shikoku maru carry sixteen luxury suite pas - senger cabin . the finest cuisine . for value client who prefer to cruise in privacy . Mac . thinks this over . mac mildly . interesting . int . passenger deck - day carlsby ushere the couple along a plushly - appoint hallway . a secret oasis of refinement in the heart of the massive freighter . he open a burnish door , into ... ... a elegant suite . cherrywood panel , spacious window with view of the harbor . the finest furnishings . it be breathtaking . even ... mac adequate . I suppose . gin but dearest , in five month , we will be in cape town . Mac pull from he pocket the fold sheet that have once be tape to the back of okati 's Monet . peruse they casually . mac anything sooner ? that go perhaps from ... say , Sri Lanka ? to jakarta . and look up . to a man dumbstruck . by coincidence . carlsby why , yes . in three week . int . cessna - day look down on California 's San joaquin Valley from 12,000 foot , as air rush past we open door . mac ( o.s. ) you seem depressed . pull back to see they both in jump suit . he 's check she gear . she 's eyeing the expansive grid of field below . gin at you insistence , I be leaping to my death , and I do not know why ! he clip a tether from he harness to hers . mac because . you be a greedy girl . gin I be not jump until you talk about this , it 's be two day ! she fold she arm across she chest . rebellious . he smile at she tenderly . nod , okay . gin why be we go in three week , if the wine be on a different route month lat ... mac there be no wine . that just buy we a look at they security . she stare at he . gin I know that . mac what we want be on the boat in three week . now can we jump ? gin the machine in that diagram . on the back of the painting . maybe . he 's still smile . gin what do it do , make gold ? mac we be near the targ ... gin why will not you trust I ? mac how do I know who you be , hmmn ? stare in she eye . mac for all I know , you name be not Virginia romay . maybe you be a cop . she stare back . Dead straight . gin why would a cop do all th ... mac ( softly ) entrapment , remember ? what cop do to robber . gin ( just as softly ) oh. that . his smile be light , affectionate . gently , he back she to the edge of the doorway ... mac one...two ... she throws she arm around he neck . hold he close . gin Mac , I be afraid . vulnerable and touchingly real . his arm slide around she . gin of you . mac ( a murmur ) smart girl . and jump , gin shrieking in he arm , as we ... follow they , tumbling in free fall , until he release she , and bot extend they arm and leg , as if fly , as if glide face down , she shriek continuing . he float at the end of they tether , a few foot above she . and at last ... ...her scream stop . we see the pure adrenaline rush . shout back ... gin next time , I 'm on top ! ext . hilltop , marin county - day Woods , roll hill , a dirt path . Mac stand by a sign at a crossroad , name , arrow , stinson beach , bolinas , mt . tamalpais , mill valley . there be a phone booth nearby . he hold a stopwatch , look down the path , as ... ... gin run into view , steady stride , breathe hard , sheen with sweat . approach he , she slow to a stop . hand on she knee , catch she wind . he click the watch . mac consistent . and rather impressive . she send a nasty smile , thanks a bunch . but maybe she like the compliment , after all . ext . mac' cabin , bolinas - night rustic cabin in moonlight . ringed by wood . Middle of nowhere , which be where Mac like it . as we approach the light window , we hear two oddly - match sound . splash water . and the hiss of a violent power tool . we move through the window , into ... int . bathroom - night two figure stand in the shower , spray soaking they short and tank top . gin be operate a sleek welder , try to perform micro-surgery on a dartboard which Mac wave in all direction at the end of a short pole . mac all right , six and seven ... she blink the spray from she eye , and deftly sear the wire divide that two number on the board . as Mac keep wave it , she go off line . concentrate . get it right . the wire peel away ... mac Three and four ... ext . cabin - day close on gin operate a small steamshovel with a load attachment on the front . it be mount with two 2 x '' , set close together , protrude from the loader . she maneuver the wooden prong toward a pile of big rock . but as she position to scoop one up , she vehicle sways wildly , and we pull back to see it be ... ... dangle from a crane , operate by Mac . gin stay with it , concentrate , and on the next pass she glide she board under a huge rock , lifting it awkwardly . ignoring the bumpy ride , she pivot , and deposit she prize in place atop what have become ... ...a wall of stone . gin what the hell be we building ? he give this some reflection . mac a chalet , I think . or a outhouse . ext . ocean - night Mac and gin paddle kayak , side by side . a full moon slam off the roll surface of the sea . Light chop , enough to bob pretty strong once they stop paddle . his stopwatch glow . he say only ... mac forty second . and she flip over , submerging she head and torso , and we go ... ... with she underwater , upside - down in the kayak , she struggle to free a group of tool which be tethere to she wetsuit . fumble to break the seal on a slender tube , which burst , send a glow of yellow - green light in all direction . she fit the flexible tube around she head like a headlamp , pull out ... ...a small electric fan with side handgrip of black metal . buffete by the current , gin manage to flip a small switch on the housing of the fan , and ... ... nothing happen . again . nothing . and again . shit ! with a supreme effort , she try to roll herself upright , but ... ... can not quite make it . blind panic now , blow bubbles , flailing at the kayak , which suddenly ... roll upright , manipulate by Mac . she sputter and try to throw the tethere fan at he , but it snap back and slam she across the shoulder . she be furious . gin get you fuck equipment together , man , this be a professional operation !! ext . wood - day gin in a clear , arm at she side , a determine look . Mac be somewhere just behind we . mac ( o.s. ) this time , when you raise you arm . do not breathe . she nod , get it . focus . suddenly , in the clear before she , a hostage silhouette target pop up , the outline of a terrorist shield himself with a hostage , gin 's arm rise with a blur and ... ... blamm , blamm , blamm !!! the paper terrorist be naile in the head . two out of three . she let out a thin stream of air . proud of herself , but too cool to gloat . mac very , very nice . have a tour with the mosad , do you ? she turn slowly . gin where do this fit in the game plan ? his enigmatic , yet fond , smile . mac oh , it do not . but one never know ... a quiet wink . mac you might need it with I . int . cabin - night close on gin lean back at a 45 degree angle . she be sweat . this be hard . hear a slam-thwock ! and another . pull back to reveal ... she be climb up the inside of the angle a-frame ceiling , use hand rod with powerful suction cup , and similar suction device on the ball of she foot . a human spider , inching up the wall with everything she 's get . she slam the next hand rod down , and it ... ... slip . gin shit . ... as she tumble eighteen foot to ... disappear in a ocean of styrofoam pack bubbles , which explode in all direction like popcorn in a nuclear accelerator . she have totally vanished . buried alive . gin ( o.s. ) did I say shit ? Mac be wading into the sea of plastic bit , digging she body out with he bare hand . once more , she come up sputtering . gin this one , I will not get ! he 's hold she in he arm . leans close . mac but you will , you will get it all . you be actually ... he kiss she . mac quite remarkable . something in the way he look at she . her return gaze be naked . it look like love . mac take the rest of the evening off . and kiss she again . her eye close . ext . front porch - morning Mac sit alone at a table , sip coffee , read barron 's . a short - wave radio be play BBC World service . lean against a open laptop , be ... ... Mac 's stopwatch . he glance up at it . what he see make he reach into a duffle at he foot , withdraw ... ...a rectangular gun-metal gray device . look like a cross between a remote control clicker and a large cell phone . turn it on . the power display glow green . ext . hilltop - morning gin run alone . up the dirt path we have see before . ahead , the crossroad , the sign . the lonely phone booth . ext . front porch Mac tuning the device , which be a advance - design scanner . we hear overlap conversation through burst of static ... overlapping voice ( o.s. ) ... tell you it 's not a good time f... either , personally , I have never like h... Giants ' pitching , once ag ... late , you want the Chronicle or do not y... int . phone booth gin at the phone . insert she credit card . catch she breath . ext . front porch Mac hear a phone ringing over the scanner . punch record , plug the scanner into he laptop . voice ( o.s. ) Webber Assurance . gin ( o.s. ) this be oh-four-six - one . hector Cruz , please , on a secure line . voice ( o.s. ) please hold . Mac 's laptop screen in printing . webber assurance ... hector cruz ... voice ( o.s. ) go ahead , please . gin ( o.s. ) thank y... the line go dead . so do Mac 's eye . click the scanner off . int . phone booth gin in she throaty , playful voice ... gin ... no way I be tell you shit . cruz ( o.s. ) Baker , this be a extremely dangerous g... gin ... right now , you be more dangerous than he be . a pause . her voice be smile . not she eye . cruz ( o.s. ) you want to explain th ... gin if I tell you what this be , and where this be , you will send back - up , and that moron will blow my cover , and I will be too dead to accept you apology . a longer beat . cruz ( o.s. ) you be fuck he , be not you ? gin right to the wall . her eye be stone cold . we have never see she like this . she look like Mac . cruz ( o.s. ) you be over you head , Baker . gin only romantically . I will write to he in prison . she 's pull out a different piece of plastic . a drug store phone card . cruz ( o.s. ) okay , it 's you funeral . next time I see you , I owe you a spanking . gin ooooo . be that a promise ? her cold eye through he chuckle . cruz ( o.s. ) while you be on secure , do you want a transfer ? gin nope . I be head back to the hot tub . I will call again , if I be in the mood . and hang up . collect she thought . insert the phone card . dial from memory . Fifteen digit . she must be call Mars . at last ... ...a man 's voice . in a strange sing - song language . gin ( subtitle mandarin ) be it over ? smash CUT to ... ext . tienanmen square , beijing - night late night , mostly youngster strolling the unfathomable vastness of the square . at what seem a immeasurable distance , the huge illuminate portrait of mao zedong hang from the Gate of heavenly peace . the scale of this place be unique in all the world . pan to a nearby park ... ... mercede . col . qiu of the people 's Liberation Army , lounge at the wheel in full uniform . talk into he cellular ... qiu ( subtitle mandarin ) ... it 's not over yet , it have not even begin . he listen , wince . we can hear gin 's voice yell at he in mandarin , dish out a major piece of she mind . qiu ( subtitle mandarin ) ... after Midnight , when he meeting end . in Zhongnanhai . he do not like she attitude . and there 's plenty of it . qiu ( subtitle mandarin ) the mask will be ready ... a phalanx of troops march past . the Colonel turn he face to shadow . drop he voice ... qiu ( subtitle mandarin ) you fuck bring the bone . ext . zhongnankai , beijing - late night the wall compound where the politburo 's elite work and live . from a open gateway ... ... the minister of finance appear , flanke by bodyguard in the drab green of prc police . they step onto the street and turn into a narrow hutong . down the alleyway come a young man walk he bicycle through shadow . near we , he raise he right hand , and ... ... shoot each bodyguard twice through the chest , drop the bike , lurch at the Minister with something cylindrical and gleam , and ... ... sprays the cower official 's face with something that make he scream in pain , the assassin running down the hutong for he life , as a fall guard ... ... shoot he in the back , and he go sprawling , skidding , face down . lifeless . int . ophthalmologist's office , beijing - night col . qiu walk beside a jaunty ophthalmologist , dr . hongwei , who be turn on light in the darken office as they go . behind they , two pla soldier half - carry the agonize minister . into a examination room ... ... the minister gently set into a examine chair . the doctor tilt the face up , shine a light into the minister 's eye , which make he groan . Eye drop now , which make the man yelp in pain . hongwei now move the retinal scanner into position , rest the minister 's chin on the slot provide . turn it on . the machine 's panel flash number in red light . hongwei look into the box from the reverse angle , to view ... ... a red laser scan move across the pupil vertically , then retrace its path horizontally , leave to right , right to leave , up and down , at speed . hongwei move to a computer monitor with a graphic rendering of the retina , click the keypad to section off a slice of the graphic , and enlarges the section 100 time . look like pixel . back to the scanner . touch a button , and ... ...a compact disc pop out of the disc drive . he place it in a box , tell the minister ... hongwei ( subtitle mandarin ) we send this to the lab for finer analysis . one piece of advice , huh ...? the minister squint up , painfully . hongwei ( subtitle mandarin ) no more red pepper in you eye . not for awhile . the doctor laugh . the minister seethes . but Colonel qiu ... have he mind . on business . ext . golden gate bridge , san francisco - late night close on gin 's glove hand , hold something we can scarcely see , as mist float up between we . it be a carabiner with a nylon rope attach , and she clip it to a thick wire . gin ( o.s. ) I be freezing my tender part . pull back to see she in climb harness , scale a nearly - vertical cable , three foot in diameter . envelop in fog which reveal , then conceal . mac ( o.s. ) I be relieved to hear you have some . pull way back to see he below she . the two of they climb the golden gate bridge . they be near the top , more than 700 foot above the silvery black BAY . a precarious , dizzying sight . mac what 's amazing , be that only eleven worker die during construction of this thing ... gin ( grim ) ... thanks for share ... mac of course , the other be save by a safety net . gin keep she focus on the small raile platform just above she . a gutsy gal . mac ( loving it ) now , as for the suicide , they always jump face the city . avoid that tall fence about 50 storey down , see it , there ? she 's at the platform . gin I never like you . unclip one last time . this will not be easy . throw she rope over the railing , and to she surprise , Mac brace himself with he leg ... ... lift she from the waist with strong hand , boost she easily to the platform . grateful , she hate to confess it . gin one act of fuck human kindness ... mac call it a lapse . and he swing lightly up beside she . the fog have roll past . there be several million star . transcendent beauty . she slow she breath ... gin and how do this fit into the game pl ... mac oh , it do not . we come for the view . and from he contoure backpack , he pull a bottle of cristal . flute , wrap in velvet . he pop the cork in one motion , and it sail to its watery doom . she can not help but watch . one more motion to pour both glass . hand one to she . toast ... mac to Ginger Baker . he click she glass . she stare straight in he eye . show no surprise , no fear ... gin I be partial to drummer . if they play with clapton and winwood . and take a sip . cool as a goose . lick she lip . gin the prescription bottle . when you steal my suitcase . but he 's not drink . only stare . the wind have pick up . gin armand Baker be my husband , May 13 to October 27 , 1982 , he play alto sax , I be 17 year old . she take another sip . good wine . gin he name I Ginger . he like drummer , too . mac and you get sentimental for he . every time you order drug . gin I have i.d. in that name . I use it for various thing I do not want trace . when credit union turn they computer my way . mac I could listen to you lie all night . she toast he . gin ( softly ) same here , fella . slowly , he reach to a inside pocket , watch to see if she flinch . her eye do flicker . and follow . he withdraw not a pistol , but a handful of ... mac do you like diamond ? nine diamond , so large , so exquisite , she have to keep she eye from bugging . wow . mac you ask . do the machine . make gold . Holy . Christ . mac gold be shit . it 's six thousand dollar a pound . Worth you weight in gold ...? his eye travel she body ... mac that would put you at seven hundred thousand . gin would you pay it ? and he lean . look in she eye . mac when the light hit you just right . I would pay more . she like that . maybe a lot . gin the machine . that we be steal . make diamond ? no answer . gin Real one ? mac gem quality . first ever . God save Japan . he toast bless Japan to the East . take a hit . mac a diamond reactor take graphite , run it through a combination of laser , electron beam , and scan - tunnel mge microscope . he mean this . she be transfix . mac this one use krypton - fluorine laser , with a new isotope of krypton . she look down at the diamond in he palm . his fist close . mac the atom be rearrange . and the molecule of graphite becozne a molecule of ... he turn he fist upside - down . and lets go ! she gasp as the brilliant stone fall toward the sea . watch , watch , long after the moonlit glimmer have evaporate . a hush . gin I hate it . when you make a point . int . shikoku maru - day close on two open passport . the name say banquo macduff and isadora duncan . the face be Mac and gin . steward ( o.s. ) all right , then . all set . pull back to see Mac and gin dress as tropical tourist . she hang on he arm . steward we will keep you passport in we safe until jakarta . mac of course . steward you be suite 16 ... gin ... and never be kiss . the steward do not get it . gin shrug , sorry . mac we have book suite 9 . steward 16 be we tokugawa suite , far superior , trust I . Mac consent . a little wary . steward you luggage be in the room , this be you key , the housekeeper will show you t... gin ( pout ) oh . can not we stroll around the port ? just a little ? the steward check he watch . steward I would be on board in forty minute . just to be safe . gin ( sweet smile ) better safe . than sorry . ext . dock , colombo , SRI lanka - day Mac and gin stroll down the gangway , to the seedy , dangerous - look wharf . at the bottom of the gangway ... ...a wooden board to mark the whereabouts of guest . each stateroom have a peg , which can be move to aboard or ashore . Mac move the peg for 16 ... ...to the aboard position . and off they go . int . SMALL plane - night Mac in he jump suit piloting the dehaviland dhc - 53 across the endless black of the indian Ocean . for the moment , he seem alone . then ... mac down there . ten o'clock . he mean a tiny grouping of light . Way down there , against the darkness . he switch on the autopilot . go back to ... ... gin , wait in she jump suit , sit on a large pack of gear just beside the window of the jump door . next to she , a pack that be even larger . no fear in she eye tonight . pure adrenaline . gin be you dump fuel ? mac change my mind . there 's nothing on the instrument downrange . the longer she fly before she ditch , the less chance they notice on the Bridge . as she stand , he begin to strap the huge pack onto she body . Jesus . with she chute , and the other gear attach , the load make we uneasy . not she . mac you should lose the oxygen tank at 8000 foot . gin and how do I judge that ? Babe 's intuition ? he point to a altimeter device on he wrist . it say 12,000 foot . she cut he a look . gin so I just ask you on the way down ? or be you plan to e-mail I . he pull out a identical device . strap it to she wrist ... mac I hate a crybaby . he strap the even-larger gear pack to himself . check the path of the tiny light far below . then , look in she eye ... mac ( simply ) you can do this . not merely reassurance . affection . something connective between they . you be my partner . her eye send back that personal bond , and she nod . I can do this . good girl . he pull on he oxygen mask , goggle . she do the same . he open the door , air blasting in . one more look down below , and he hold up ten finger . count they down , nine ... eight ... she move to the edge . watch he . and on zero , she ... arch out into the starry void , and we go ... with her , the incomparable rush of freefall , strain to see he follow , skillfully alter he position to gain on she , come close . she be look between he and she altimeter , as ... ...his oxygen tank fall away , and she cut hers loose , the air rushing past she , she look down ... ... the light below be beginning to take the shape of the freighter . back up to Mac , as he ... pull he chute , it be black and square , and jolt he to what seem like a full stop far above she , and she yank she cord , but ... ... nothing . it do not open . she be rocketing down , look back up to see Mac make a exaggerated cutting sign across he body , and she close she eye , pull she secondary chute , which ... pop open , jarring she violently , and she gasp with the shock . he be well above she now , she isoff course , frantically try to manipulate she trajectory , see he swoop closer , the freighter loom in distance , she look down and suddenly ... ... the sea be rushing at she , she fight she brake mechanism , shout at herself ... gin flare , flare ... ... and slam into the water , plunging down , twist , disorient cutting she chute loose , struggle not to get tangle , in a panic to break she light tube , which ... ... glow yellow - green , illuminate the freezing depth , she fit it around she head , fight now to pull out the small electric fan we have see before , kicking herself toward the surface , fight against the weight of she gear pack , she ... ... flip the switch , and the fan become a propeller which rocket she upward , but she lose she hold on one handgrip , try desperately to hang on with one hand , but it ... ... pull free , go shoot off into the blackness without she , one instant of terror in she eye , and ... Mac be there , diving at she with he propeller , she grasp he leg in a death grip , and suddenly , they be ... at the surface , gin gasping for air , and he cut he propeller , cradle she body with one strong arm , murmure in she ear ... mac it 's over , it 's over ... her eye be wild . mac catch you breath , quickly . hang on for the wake . she see the freighter now , a black mountain cutting the sea , a huge wake plume from its bow . she grab he waist with all she 's get . gin do it ! go ! and he kick the propeller to life , they zoom off , straight at the tower wake and burst through it , racing to the freighter 's loom hull , speed alongside , Mac look up to find ... ...a series of metal rung , which begin twelve foot above the water line , climb the dizzying height to the freighter 's deck , far above . Mac have a kevlar rope with a grappling hook , and as he reach the rung , he ... ... throws it high , one of the pronge hook catch on a rung twenty foot above they ... mac hold tight ! gin if you fucking insist ! and he lets go of the propeller , pulling both of they , laden with gear , out of the water with sheer brute strength . planting he foot against the outward curve of the hull , he climb with all he strength , hand over hand , until he finally ... ... grasp the bottom rung . he pull they up , until she can grab on . they hold tight to they rung for a beat . he attaches they both with metal carabiner clip . mac if I be you , I would watch the dessert . gin Boy , I will bet you be in shape before you get old . mac too long ago to remember . and pull himself up to the second rung , so that he be stand a the first . offer she he hand ... gin I can take it from here , thanks . suit yourself . they begin to climb up the rung , like a tilt backwards ladder , re-attach they clip as they go . gin if you would pack my primary chute right , I would not ha ... mac yes , you would . you be a girl . up , up . and stop . they be nearly halfway to the top . look across the curve hull to ... ...a large circular hatch . thirty foot away . the goal . Mac pull from he pack ... ... they suction cup gear . with practice speed , they fasten cup to the ball of they foot , take hold of the hand rod with cup attach , and Mac take the lead as they begin to ... ... move laterally across the hull 's surface toward the hatch . Mac be amazingly agile at the arduous process , scuttling sideways like a crab across the precariously tilt - back hull . gin be deter - mine , but fall well behind , intent on make every suction seal solid one . Dark water race by beneath she . , by the time she look up at the hatch ... he be go . mac ( o.s. ) anytime you be ready . she look up sharply . he be above the hatch , attach to the hull by the ball of he foot , hang down like a bat . noting she astonishment ... mac better angle . that it be . he have pull a thick cylinder from he pack . it 's a battery - operate AIR wrench , and with a menace whirr , only partially mask by the ship 's wake , he begin to swiftly pop all the rivet around the hatch . gin have pull out the slender welding tool we see in the shower , and begin cutting through the metal seal around the hatch 's rim . at thecrucial moment ... mac you might want to move aside ... which she barely do , as the hatch door plummet past she to the sea . big splash . go . when she turn back , Mac be already through the open and she follow , they yellow - green headlamps partially revealing ... ... the maximum -security hold . we have see this with carlsby . the fork lift . the shadowy multitude of platform on they gimbal , all swaying , in different direction with the plunging of the ship . gin just stand , stare everywhere , like she 's break into Fort knox . the roar of the engine be louder here , and he move close to she to speak beneath it ... mac May I trouble you for the torch ? or would you rather just dance . oh. slightly embarrassed at she lack of split- second efficiency , she try to find the thing in she gear . after watch she fumble for a bit ... gin I know I pack it . ...he just reach in and pull it out . a small lantern which he flick on , brilliantly illuminating the entire hold . scan the platform ... polnt to a crate wrap in 4 - ply heavy duty plastic membrane . mac coal into diamond . a wealth machine . gin how do you know that 's it ? mac ( as if state the obvious ) it 's 12 by 9 by 7 foot . and it 's the only thing worth waterproof , in case the ship sink . gin ( softly ) ... you twit . mac hmmn ? gin I be just finish you sentence . can not you answer a question with - out make I feel stupid ? he 's head toward the sway platform ... mac why would I bother ? he be climb onto a lower platform , easily vaulting up to the magic crate . she follow , but it be not as easy as he 's make it look . she have to scramble , almost fall . he 's already pull from he gear ... ... six rubber pouch . she hand he she welding tool , and he begin attach the pouch to the top and side of the crate . the plunging ship have the platform really rock . gin ( concerned ) they do not look like flotation bag ... mac ( work fast ) shit . well then , let 's forget the whole thing . she stare at he . gin okay , it be a dumb que ... his eye come up . so fast that she breath stop . he look plenty angry . mac let 's get one thing straight . I do not work with partner much , because basically , I find most people to be idiot . she swallow . hard . mac you , in contrast , be first -rate . he watch the effect of that play across she eye . mac and if I think so . maybe you should start think the same . now move you ass . and go back to work . she pause a beat . then pull out two length of kevlar rope . begins secure they platform to the one above , to minimize the amount of sway . as she struggle with this , she see he finish by welding a very small gray BOX to the top of the crate . when he glance up , he see she stare at the box . mac gps transponder . send a scramble signal by satellite ... he touch the device . it beeps . a light glow red . mac precise coordinate . you could find a golf ball in the gobi Desert . he rise . jump down to the floor . gin where you g... mac ( walk away ) fork lift . gin that 's my assignm ... mac ( turn back ) unless you have get the key , someone have to hot wire it . oh . mac finish up on the floater . and head off toward the fork lift . finish up ? she look at the rubber pouch . they seem finish to she . tug at a couple . on pretty firmly . across the way , we hear the fork lift turn its engine over . gin wo not they hear it ? mac ( o.s. ) over this engine ? through five foot of steel ? she hurriedly secure the last of she kevlar line . mac ( o.s. ) Hell , if they do , they do not have the second key to get in . he be drive up in the rickety fork lift . weaving around crate and equipment . mac thank God for redundant security . he hop lightly from the fork lift , reach up , and she jump down into he arm . quickly , the switch place , gin climb into the idling fork lift , as Mac clamber up to unbolt the crate 's pallet with he air wrench ... gin move the fork lift into position . Mac brace he leg against neighbor cargo , use all he strength to hold we crate steady . he be really strain . gin how many try do I get ? mac ( with effort ) one , before I beat you senseless , dump you over the side , and donate you share to charity . she bring the fork up . the crate sway slightly . she line up she prong against the pallet 's receive hole ... gin you gotta work on that impatient streak . ... and slip they straight in . first try . gin ( amaze ) how professional . she lift the crate , but the boat lurch , and she nearly lose it off the fork . but she do not . swing she load around now . head for the open hatchway , the roiling sea racing by . pick up speed , slightly ... gin uh. thing on the leave be the brake ? mac ( laconic ) or the thing on the right . by now she be really rolling toward the wide open space ... gin mac , it's jammed ! he pounce off the platform , flying after the lift as it accelerate through the open ... mac jump , for God 's sa ... ... tipping at the hatchway lip , the crate slide off the prong , we forklift tumbling out the hatch to the sea , just as Mac ... ... snatch gin by she hair , pull she free of the fall forklift , catch the rim of the hatchway with he free hand , gin scream in fright and pain , blindly grab he arm to be ... ... jerk back to safety . clutch Mac , she watch the sea behind they . where the crate and the forklift disappear . mac you do activate the floater . her head whip around . aghast . gin activa ... mac I do say , ' finish up on the floater ' . surely , you hear I . her life . flashes before she eye . as behind the ship ... ... the crate bob to the surface . we can see the tiny red light on the transponder from here . mac ( softly ) oh. guess I do it m'self . she whip back , and start pounding at he with she fist . he be laugh so hard , he take a few good shot before he can grasp she wrist . she spit in he face . he strike back by ... ... kissing she hard . she struggle for a beat . and then she let he . when they finish , he reach to unzip she jump suit . all the way . pull it down gently , revealing ... ... she evening gown . a wrinkle - free material which slip down across she leg from where it have be bunched across she hip . he be unzipping he outfit as well , revealing formal wear of he own . he stuff the suit into he gear pack , remove only ... ... she evening bag and shoe . then lift both pack , he ... gin um ... ... fling they into the black ocean . go . gin ... I would not do that . so he turn . she look really stunne . and scared . mac Excuse I ? gin well ... I see we suction thing . lying ...over ... there ? she point . to where no suction thing be lie . gin ( a mouse ) ... so I put them in my pack ? his eye widen . gin or maybe . I put them there . and point . to where they be . she tilt she head . give he a great smile . be he enraged ? his dry grin say , not hardly . mac I like a quick study . then again . you can never tell . ext . freighter deck - night expansive barely - light deck under a canopy of star . a silver- haire couple in immaculate evening attire stroll alone , he be hum to barely - audible dance music from a distant lounge . she cling to he arm , it be romantic . until they reach the railing where he turn , and say something quietly in german ... she stiffen . pull she arm away from he . she sneer coldly , call he a name in german , and he unload on she , a barrage of german - language invective that would melt a tank . she absorb the abuse without flinching , turn toward the rail , hawk and ... ... spit over the side . stride away from he . he watch she go . then ... ... spit over the side himself . and follow she . half a beat . Mac 's head appear above the rail . just where they spit . not a mark on he . int . ballroom - night we old german couple be dancing wonderfully in each other 's arm inspiring . pan a dozen really old couple dance to the three - piece filipino ensemble , until we come to ... gin and Mac spin slowly , flawlessly , they eye tell the surround geezer that they be very much in love . we close to hear they sweet murmuring ... mac ... no matter how many stone we make , the diamond be just a appetizer . gin ( dreamily ) and the meal ...? mac my contract . with debeer . she blink . hit by a ton of brick . gin oh my G ... mac sensible folk , debeer . a world monopoly in diamond base on one simple principle ... something 's only priceless if it 's scarce . he whirl she in a tight spin . the geriatic Germans can only watch and envy . mac this guy dig up all the diamond on the planet , just to keep they out of circulation . otherwise , you could buy them at the five and dime ... gin watch the old guy stuff , they do not have dimestore anym ... mac imagine the chaos we could cause . she be imagine . gin you say ' contract ' ... mac we be sort of bounty hunter . gin like the ring of that . Green eye dance with delight . mac we machine be worth far more dead . than alive . voice ( o.s. ) glad to see you be both alive . they look over . the officious steward from this afternoon . now in black tie . steward when you miss cocktail . and supper . I think of knock on you door ... Mac turn gin so that she can send the boob a lazy smile ... gin oh , I wish you have . we love have stranger join we ! maybe later ...? Mac turn she once more , so that he face the flummox steward across she bare shoulder ... mac promise you a interesting time ... trademark smile . mac or my name 's not banquo macduff . you twit . int . corridor - night we couple move down the softly - light hallway , past the burnish door of luxury suite . her arm wrap around one of he , they body close together . mac ... well , I would ask what you be do with the rest of you life . but that 's you own bloody affair , be not it ? she sigh . gin yeh . anyway , before you get too choke up on the farewell . I feel I owe you a confession . he glance down . really ? really . gin time have come to tell you . what business . I be actually in . he think about this . and then ... mac not here . ext . deck - night Mac lead she along the empty moonlit deck to ... ... the bowsprit , a long , narrow platform , ringed by a flimsy rail , it jut far out above a churn sea . the whipping of the wind make it seem all the more precarious . mac it only look dangerous ... hold out he hand . she hesitates . mac you could not fall off . unless someone throw you over . give she the smile . she put she hand in he , and they hop up to the platform . walk its length to the very end . he turn now , lean casually against the fragile railing . they be inch apart . mac more intimate . for a confession . gin look down at the plume of wake leaping off the bow . mac what business . you be actually . in. she look up . to he eye . into they . gin yeh . I be not a art dealer . mac of course not . you be a cop . and tilt he head . just to one side . mac a insurance investigator for Webber Assurance , you boss be a idiot name hector Cruz , you have be there four year and ten month , you be quite the rise star . gin ( evenly ) nope . his head tilt . just a little farther . mac ( very softly ) nope ? gin I be a thief , Mac . hold the look . gin for five year , I have use the database of every client Webber have to plan my job . museum , bank , jeweler , rich people , I have floor plan , alarm code , password , the work . his face absolutely neutral . unreadable . gin I have make a fortune . it 's not enough . mac why n... gin why be not it enough for you ? he fall silent . gin the vermeer that be steal from hancock Tower ? that be my job . I scale the building with electromagnets , and parachute down a air vent ... no smile at she lip . strictly business . gin ... after mailing the painting . to where we be go next , actua ... mac ( quietly ) we. she look he up and down . gin yeh , we . you pass the audition . now he smile . first time . mac ( a murmur ) imagine my relief . gin I need a partner . for the biggest , smartest , job . ever . the one you retire off of , because nothing else could ever compare with the rush . mac ever . be such a long time . gin this be a job that can only be do in one place , in one split- second in human history . if we miss that instant . we lose . mac and it 's worth ...? gin eight billion dollar . that 's eight thousand million . mac how much in shilling ? gin you be not a real trust guy . mac and I try so hard to hide that . gin it 's two job . the first steal something priceless from the National Palace Museum in Taipei . we do not keep that . we trade it in for we ticket to the show . mac one moment in time , you s... gin Midnight , July 1 , 1997 . eight day from now . the moment that Hong Kong be annex by china . and now . she have he interest . she can see that . gin 80 - 20 split . mac do not be so hard on yourself . it 's you plan , you should take at least thirty perc ... gin my 80 , you 20 . asshole . he think this over . mac 50 - 50 . or you can swim to Taipei . she be not impressed . or afraid . he grin ... mac what be you gonna do with six billion dollar that you can not do with four ? gin hold the record . alone . this . he like . so much that he lean to kiss she , with surprising tenderness . mac you share be 50 % . and one dollar . her hard stare . and then , she smile . just barely . still in he arm ... gin I like what you leave . in the hold . mac you do not even see wha ... gin a lump of coal . a pair of plier . a note that say , ' squeeze hard ' . this be the most take with she that he have ever look . she lean up and kiss he . whisper ... gin squeeze hard . ext . STREET , shihlin district , taipei - late night Ugly section of a ugly town . unmark warehouse , alleyway teeming with food stall . hear a motorcycle approach , and see ... ... gin drive , Mac sit behind she . go real fast , maybe she 's show off , we follow they down a blind alley , as she smoothly wheel they into ... ... a open freight elevator . she climb off , he do not . as gin go to work the control , Mac see a cat curl in the corner , mew softly . gin that 's Madame Chiang kaishek , she 's my bud . a evil streak a mile wide . the elevator jolt to life . mac no surprise . they clang upward . Mac seem utterly relaxed . gin pace a little , hugging herself . her feature tense . mac ( gently ) tire ? she blink up . he be straddle the bike . smiling at she . gin I have a lot on my mind . ah. well ... mac you look beautiful do it . he seem to mean that . and it seem to melt she a little . she sag against the wall , close she eye , as ... ... they jolt to a stop . she pull the heavy lever , and the door slide noisily open , to reveal ... ...a gigantic loft . she flick on a dim light , but we see only part of the cavernous space . she stroll , Madame Chiang trot along behind . Mac follow , look around , then down to see ... ...a pile of mail , cable , package . the unopen mailing tube we see in the hancock Tower penthouse . he crouch , lift the tube in he hand ... gin ( o.s. ) you wanna buy a vermeer ? mac Rather steal it . gin ( o.s. ) be there , do that . he nod to himself . guess so . he rise to see she frame against the gape starlit open of a huge loading door . the twinkle island lie below . but here , gin stare down at ... ... a elaborate architectural model . Fifteen foot across , it feature a impose yellow , pagoda- roofed build , build into the side of a model mountain . formal garden , fountain , tiny kuomintang flag . stretch away from the building , a large portion of the CITY , with shop and alleyway elaborately detailed . as Mac join she ... gin National Palace Museum , Taipei , Taiwan . repository of four thousand year of chinese culture ... he bend to lift up the detachable roof . all the room be detailed within , down to exhibit case . gin Works of gold , bronze , jade , onyx , pot and scroll , painting and porcelain and lacquer work . every treasure the kuomintang could loot before the reds take over . ( beat ) ever rob the place ? mac no . if memory serve . she take he by the hand , and lead he toward the gape doorway , walk straight toward it ... gin you need to eat something , or be you ready for sex ? and just at the edge of it ... mac ( tear ) the option seem so limited . they jump through the open . and vanish . we angle close on the doorway , to see out now , sit like a jewel against the hillside ... ... the national palace museum , look exactly like the model . the town spread out beyond . just as in the model . and now we tilt sharply down to see ... ...a load platform , suspend above the island , only a few foot below we open . like a balcony without a railing . Mac and gin already sink down onto a wait futon . look like he 's make he pick . among limited option . int . loft - sunrise close on the model museum in early light . propped against it , the unroll vermeer . pin to the painting , a note we can not read . in the b.g. , hear what sound like the rattling of a subway train , which run a short distance and stop . we tilt angle now , to see ... ... through the sunlit open of the load door . Mac 's head appear , peek up over the lip . mac Ginny ...? lost in another brief subway rumble . he lightly vault up through the doorway . look around , no gin . go to the model . lift the note pin to the vermeer ... mac ( read ) this lovely parting gift can be yours . if the price be right . stumped . not in he cultural database . he look at the model , to see that the stretch of city between museum and mountain have be lift away , revealing ... ... a underground railway tunnel between the two . Mac examine the tiny train , the track , the wind route . from the side wall , well above the track , huge ventilation pipe open onto the tunnel . start at the museum end , they be label vent # 1 , and so on . there be five . the last one shortly before ... ... the mountain . where a cavernous open be label barracks . tiny toy soldier kneel on a landing , rifle in position to shoot at the oncoming train . and as Mac study this curiously ... ... the nearby subway rattle the wall once more . sound like it 's in the room , somehow . Mac rise . saunter across the loft , and we see for the first time the enormity of this space . suddenly , the floor end , and we be look down nearly thirty foot onto ... ...a spacious hangar , outfit with 150 foot of railway track , at the far end of which sit a full - site train car , exactly like the one in the model . and just below we ... ... gin crouch on a concave platform of corrugate metal , eighteen foot above the track . she hold a remote control device , which she use to rev the train 's engine , far down the line . she look really tense . mac good morning . she startles slightly . shut off the train 's engine . as she look up to he now , the silence be noticeable . he crouch down , only a foot or so above she ... mac quite a parting gift . I would have settle for rose . gin it 's a joke . you know , a joke ? people who have a sense of humor make they ? he 's clueless . but smile . gin you be rich , go buy a american , have he fill you in on the culture . mac ah. american culture . well , that be a joke . he lean down . stroke she hair very gently . mac ( murmur ) relax . it 's only eight billion dollar . she look up into he eye . but she can not smile . mac ( softly ) you vermeer ? I like this View of delft better than the larger one . the sky be more emotionally render . stare in he eye . and just as softly back ... gin Nice . when a sky be that . he hold the look . very strong and very gentle ... mac be it easier now ? not pretend . be it ? mac not pretend you be a innocent . not pretend you ... like I . no answer . effortlessly , he hop down to join she . never lose eye contact . mac here 's a tip from a old - timer . never forget who you be ... settles next to she . body touch . mac it give you someone to be . when you stop pretend . okay ? she nod , slowly . her eye move over he face . maybe more feeling go through she than she can sort out . mac ( still soft ) so . we train run from the museum , through a underground tunnel . to a mountain . gin because the museum display 10,000 relic at any give moment . but there be 60 time that many , store in the mountain . this overwhelm . even mac. gin which be why it 's guard . by a army . she be unfasten the small pack at she foot ... gin the train shuttle relic to and from storage . it look exactly like that . so Mac look down the line . at the train car . gin I have be down the air duct four time . the train always have two armed guard . always travel between 32 and 36 mile per hour . relic do not like to be jostle too much . mac ( all business now ) you model have five vent . gin we go down the first . back up the third , if you be lucky . if not , we have to get out by the fourth . mac ( simply ) then we will . she pull from the pack four thick disc , each about eight inch in diameter , each with a toggle switch and a wrist loop . she start to put two of they on ... gin electromagnets , incredibly powerful . this switch be on -off . he gesture at the train , the track , the hangar ... mac seem like overkill . for one simple jump . gin well , it 's a eight billion dollar jump . you miss the train ... you have miss the train . flick on she remote . down the track the engine revs . like crazy . gin we have get five day to grab the Bones , trade they for the scan , and pull we 8 billion out of Hong Kong . once midnight pass on July 1st ... mac ... we have miss the train , yeh . the Bones ? the scan ? gin oh. have I neglect to fill in the detail ? mac a oversight . gin which I learn from the master . hey . wish I luck ... click the remote , the train leap5 forward , 36 mph never seem so fast ! she have a split-second to leap down , the train sail beneath she , gin 's foot graze the back end of the platform at the rear of the car , she swipe desperately with the magnet , can not connect , and be thrown into a roll along the side of the track . she 's up on she knee , watch the train slam into the massive blue pad at the end of the track . she be bruise , shake , but most of all , really worried and really piss . mac ( quietly ) jump sooner . she pull out the remote ... gin be my fuck guest . the train rocket backward , straight past where she kneel , to brake at the start of the track once more . she nod up to Mac , who be strapping on he magnet . he crouch , nod , ready . and the train ... ... blast toward he , he count , jump , and slam onto the roof of the train , which plows into the heavy pad , flinging he twenty foot like a rag doll to land in a heap . he lie still . then blink , surprised he 's alive . hear a rich whiskey laughter down the track . mac I be too old for this shit ! and as he pull himself up . she be stare at he , from she knee ... gin know a dude name wiley coyote ? ... with what can only be describe as love . gin ( softly ) forget it . ext . national palace museum , taipei - day aerial view down toward the sweeping pagoda roof of the museum , the formal garden , the fountain , the tree-line driveway . close now , as a cab pull up , a couple emerge ... she be first . chanel suit with a extremely short skirt , revealing endless leg . she help he from the taxi , a white - haire geezer who seem well past 90 , fumble with he walk stick , and make quick , erratic , bird - like glance in every direction . she take he arm for support . murmur in he ear ... gin be not it easier now ? not pretend ? give he a full - tongue kiss in the ear , which have bystander notice . start to help he up the stair , still whisper close ... gin five year , you will not need make - up . in answer he grab she ass , and she yelp with delight , attract - ing attention all around . his turn to whisper , as he massage she backside ... mac we agree . no underwear . gin overkill . I can do it with leg . he stop . give the long leg a dubious twice - over . mac I would lose the underwear . int . museum - day Mac lean on she arm , as they pass case after case . bronze , jade , lacquer work . every object exquisite , priceless . gin the Oracle Bones date back to the shang dynasty , 3500 year ago . they be writings ... carve into ox bone , tortoise shell ... she cuddle close to he . they approach a tour group , the female guide speak in four european language . really loud . gin the oldest chinese write any - where , the first proof of chinese civilization . mac what make this one so valuable ? he stop , drown out by the tour guide , rhapsodize over a urn . butt into she rap ... mac ( subtitle italian ) except it 's Chien -lung , mimick sung period . the color be far too delicate . the woman get real insulted . apparently , he 's right . mac ( subtitle german ) it 's all right , you have a nice body . and walk on . confide to gin ... mac when you be old , you can do anything grab she bottom once more , alter she voice slightly on ... gin there we be . a separate display room . a single steel pedestal . under the smart - glass security case , one single object . it be a fragile , yellow fragment of bone . the shoulder blade of a ox . cover with tiny script . gin last year , ancient artifact be discover in the Gulf of Mexico . a olmec civilization , 3200 year old . no tourist in the display room . a velvet rope be up . Three guard mill at the entrance . this exhibit be off-limit . gin amazingly , marking on this olmec figure be identify as shang dynasty write ... a sign explain , sorrowful to inform oracal bone close for TRAVEL exibition until be november . gin this particular bone be price - less , because it be the one that establish the link . prove that american civilization descend from chinese ancestor . she be pull out she coin purse , as they stand by the rope . unzip it slowly ... gin exactly the kind of propaganda shit they eat up in Beijing . the mainland would pay anything to get its paw on th ... as she shaking ' elderly ' companion spasm , knock the purse out of she hand , it clatter to the floor , send a hundred coin rolling in all direction . some under the rope . mac ( old guy voice ) shit ! bloody hell !!! and collapse to the hardwood floor in search of the coin , howling as he bang he knee . some bystander hurry to help . and one of the guard . as Mac try to crawl under the rope to pursue coin ... ... the guard stop he with a firm hand , point at the pidgen- English sign . meanwhile , calmly , very slowly ... ... gin crouch down to retrieve coin , the short skirt riding recklessly high on she upper thigh . the two remain guard hurry to help she . Mac 's guard , bystander , all transfix by the marginal preservation of she modesty . notice the eye-line all around , she confide to the nearest guard ... gin ( in mandarin , helpful ) that be the coin . this be my leg . unnotice , Mac be banging he wristwatch , which seem to have break . close on he now , manipulate a glide point device on the side of the watch , and we rack focus to see ... ... one coin . Inside the rope . move . as Mac check to see all eye be elsewhere , he guide the coin 's slide slowly , inexorably , to ... ... attach itself magnetically . to the steel pedestal . beneath the bone 's case . as it do , Mac 's watch beeps slightly , as we close on it to see ... ... data flicker across its face . mac ( old guy voice ) amanda ! time for my pill ! int . noodle shop , taipei - day gin and Mac at a long communal table , ignore , by taiwanese couple , family , businessman , chatter loudly all around they . gin look down at she bowl , she 's barely touch she meal ... gin ... no , I do not think that way . glance up . Mac be eat heartily , happily . gin ... and I suppose you do ? mac get lonely ? sure , all the time . it 's healthy . stuff he mouth full . talk around it ... mac what 's unhealthy . be denial . she 's study he as he eat . since he 's not look at she , gin 's eye be thoughtful , appraise . gin be real . you could never see yourself ... you know , quit the game . settle ... down . and he look up . direct to she eye . a dead straight , heart - stop look . before the wonderful smile . mac why , Ginger . this be so sudden . she cut he a hard look . not funny . int . museum - day late afternoon , the place have close . four armed guard , accompany by a museum official , push a large dolly across the hardwood floor , heel click , wheel rumbling softly , into ... ... the room we have see . the dolly stop by the display case of the priceless oracle bone . the four guard position themselves around the triple - pane bulletproof case . it will be a bitch to lift . the official have a key . he insert this into the lock of the titanium frame which hold the case to the steel pedestal . and as it click , we ... smash CUT to ... int . noodle shop - day Mac 's arm rise with noodle - laden chopstick , the wristwatch beeping softly . he drop the chopstick , rise in one fluid motion as gin do the same , throw some bill on the table , he lead she ... ... out the door , into the street , step off the curb , turn , drop flat on he back , slide down the gutter , gin follow a split - second behind ... int . tunnel loading dock a train car stand , pull up to a load dock . two soldier with assault rifle on the train 's rear platform , wait . along one side of the track , a gravel roadway . a open air Jeep - type military vehicle stand empty . one of we soldier speak into a walkie-talkie , watch a huge steel door at the entrance to the load dock , which ... ... open now . through it come the four armed museum guard , surround the dolly which carry the bone 's massive bulletproof display case . the official be with they , and hand paperwork to one of the wait soldier , as the museum guard lift the case , and carry it onto the train . int . tunnel shaft a empty stretch of dimly - light track , somewhere down the line . Silent . pan up , way up , to ... ... the shadow of a huge air vent . must be vent # 1 , because two figure be crouch there , as close as lover . even we can barely make they out , until we close to hear the hushed ... gin ( strapping on a backpack ) ... way we can use that in here . I think I be in charge of this operat ... mac you be in charge of ego and worry . I be in charge of keep you alive . he be hold something dull gray and small . it look like a trun - cate nerf football with one end point and the other cut blunt . mac this be plasma jet . all the force be direct forward , instead of dissipate in a sphere like a grenade . he have four of this . give she three . gin I do not need th ... mac ( whisper ) shut up . he reach out , gently ... mac you do not trust I , you will not get through this . touches she face . mac try to adjust to that for three more day . after July 1 ... stare in she eye . mac ... you will never have to trust again . and smile . one more whisper ... mac something . to look forward to . int . tunnel loading dock the museum guard be back on the landing with the official . we two soldier stand face they from the rear platform of the train car , as ... the train rumble to life . ready to go . int . museum two guard arrive with a hand truck to carry off the empty pedestal , which once support the bone 's case . one tilt the top of the pedestal back , support its weight , as the other stoops to lift the base , and ... ... stop . he see the coin . oddly flat against the pedestal 's shaft . he kneel , try to lift the coin , but the magnet hold it fast . he look up to he companion . then ... ... peel the coin free , the other guard reach for it , the first guard yank it away , and it fly from he hand , into the wall , and drop . as the guard go to look , the coin 's back have come away . revealing ... ... electronics . int . tunnel loading dock a alarm shriek at a deafen level . five museum guard burst through the doorway , leap from the landing , pile into the Jeep , and blast off down the gravel roadway after the depart train . int . barracks entrance a much larger landing at the other end of the tunnel , face back the opposite way . the alarm scream here , too , and massive steel door clang open , as 25 soldier with assault rifle swarm out onto the landing , take up sharpshooter position , weapon point back up the track . int . AIR vent # 1 Mac and gin crouch in the vent , high above the track , gas mask dangle around they neck , magnet paddle from they wrist , various object from they belt loop . the alarm echoes , absolutely ear-splitting . she lean to shout in he ear ... gin we have to abort ! above the siren , we can now hear the train come ... mac how do you expect to make a career of this , if you can't take a little inconvenience ? the train louder , closer , the alarm blaring ... gin they 've got a army down th ... mac I can do this . quietly . straight in she eye . the train roar into view , flash beneath they , as he grab she wrist and ... ... jump , hurtling down , both striking the empty rear platform , gin slip off , but he hold she fast , swiping with he magnet which ... ... clanks hard , lock solid . he pull she onto the platform , she look daze , cling to he , he tug she gas mask into place , slip on he own , and ... ... fit a magnetic device from he belt loop onto the door lock , spin a dial on the device , which pop the lack OPEN , Mac bursting ... ... through the door , lobbing a gas grenade at the startle guard , who try to whirl and FIRE through the fog of red smoke , two wild shot above the roll Mac , and they be fell by the gas where they stand . gin race in , fall on she butt , as the car rock along the track . point out the window ... gin ( through mask ) there's the number two vent , only 45 second to the third ! scramble to she foot , Mac wheeling toward the bone . gin ( through mask ) test the case ! he throws a handful of coin at the glass case , and purple UV beam arc from the glass to fry the coin in midair . Mac pull a dull rectangle the size of a cigar box from gin 's backpack , as we smash CUT to ... int . tunnel the Jeep blasting after the train at crazy speed , the four non - driver with weapon at the ready ... int . barracks landing troops fill the platform , and have spill onto the track , enough weapon to dust butch and sundance . int . train Mac operate the cigar box which be actually a customize oscilloscope , with countless knob and a screen which display wave pattern . the machine be emit shrill whistling tone that cut through even the siren . gin ( through mask ) take it to 30 and climb ! Mac spin the dial and two overhead light bulb blow . the glass case housing a fire ax shatter . the bone 's case be untouched . smash CUT to ... int . tunnel with the Jeep , bombing around a curve to see the train at last . we OPEN FIRE , accelerate after the train with everything we have get , gravel flying like shrapnel , and up ahead ... ... the train 's window blow out , the tunnel showered with glass fragment . smash CUT ... int . train Mac juicing the box , the deafen tone compete with the siren , the gunshot , gin shrieking as she point through a blast - out window ... gin ( through mask ) third vent gone ! and the bone 's case explode , gin whirling away to protect she face , as we smash CUT to ... int . tunnel the Jeep now alongside the rear platform of the train . the driver fight to hold it steady , as ... ... the guard begin to clamber over the side , grasping for the platform 's rail , one go down scream onto the track , but two make it , then a third , they burst ... ... into the train to see ... nothing . two groggy , half - conscious soldier . discard gas mask , oscilloscope . no mac. no gin . and inside the shattered case ... a chicken bone . the pack - rat strike again . int . tunnel Mac and gin flattened to the side of the train above the window line , hold fast by they magnet . we be on the opposite side from the gravel path , so the train screen we from the jeep . shout above the din ... gin there's the FOURTH ! up ahead a AIR vent loom , we be hurtling toward it . Mac and gin each free one hand , reach into they backpack for ... gin our last chance , the fifth be at the barracks ! ... twin grapnel gun , which look like big 9 mm pistol , but with a blunt , round end . as we streak toward the vent , gin lift she gun , shoot at it , a cable - attach projectile exploding toward the target , open in mid-flight to a three - pronge hook , which ... ... fall just short , the hook tumble to clang on the track , as Mac ... ... fire he , the projectile exploding , the hook open and ... ... bite into the wall , only four foot from the vent , its cable stretch back to the gun in Mac 's hand , we be almost there , and Mac slip the pistol ... ... into gin 's free hand . gin what about you ? mac allow US a moment of chivalry . they eye meet . he see she hesitate to abandon he . mac first rule . save number one . they flash past the vent , Mac release she magnet , gin 's freed hand grasping to join the other at the pistol , as she ... ... rocket up , catapulted back toward the vent by the retractable cable , as a rifle appear from a window beneath we , take aim at gin , and Mac ... kick it off line , the shot booming , the guard almost drop the weapon , then swinging it back up , slamm the muzzle directly into Mac 's groin , as Mac ... ... grasp the barrel , yanking it up , slip the shot scream past he head , pulling the guard half out the window to kick he face , send he down to the track , as we careen around a curve , see in distance now ... ... the end of the line , the massive barracks landing , the phalanx of troops , the fifth and final AIR vent midway between we . Mac 's free hand pull out ... ... the lone plasma grenade he keep for himself , and as we careen toward the troops , Mac heave the grenade uptrack , and it ... ... explode in a horrifying fireball , which rip up the train track , collapsing a section of tunnel wall onto the gravel path , a choke cloud of yellow smoke fill the tunnel , obscure everything , we train rocketing ... ... toward the flame , nearly at the metal support beam which run vertically up to the final air vent , and as the train flash past it , Mac ... lunge out , slamming both magnet onto the support beam , the momentum flattening he body fully horizontal like a flag on a pole , the train plunging on without he , as guard shoot blindly back from the window , the jeep plowing full tilt into the rubble of tunnel wall , the train ... ... derailing in a terrifying crush of twisted metal , scream , shout , the smoke and flame everywhere , and we SNAP to ... reverse angle ... the soldier ' Pov from the landing , scatter as the derail train hurtle at they , into they , chaos , until at last they see ... ... above the clear smoke , near the tunnel ceiling ... ... Mac climbing deftly up the support beam , magnet clanking , hand over hand , nearly at the vent , and the shouting troops ... ... OPEN FIRE , bullet chewing up the tunnel wall , as we smash CUT to ... int . storage room - day silence . clutter , dimly - light storage room . box of shoe reach to the ceiling , gucci , bruno magli , the good stuff . footstep precede ... ...a young salesman , tailore , attractive . he go right to the shelf he need . open a box . take it and two other . as he step recede , we pan up to ... ... the ceiling . the mesh grate , which soundlessly ... ... slide away . gin drop lightly , twelve foot to the floor . filthy from she adventure , she quickly unzip she backpack to remove ... ...a sleek Halliburton case . open it . the Oracle bone undamage in its cushion set . step return , she be ... ... out of she jumpsuit in a heartbeat , revealing a costly slip of a dress , kick the jump suit under the bottom shelf , as ... ... the young salesman appear to find she peek into a shoe box . he be startle . she scowl at he , rub the grime from she face ... gin ( subtitle mandarin ) there you be ! do you know how filthy this place be ? show she dirty finger as proof . salesman ( subtitle mandarin ) madam , no one be supp ... gin ( subtitle mandarin ) I be look for dress pump , I will need eight pair . oh . gin ( subtitle mandarin ) unless you be too busy to help I . salesman ( subtitle mandarin ) well , no , I ... gin ( subtitle mandarin ) come to think of it , I need some dress for evening ... lift the Halliburton case , sling she pack over she shoulder , stride to the doorway . see the crowded upscale boutique ... gin ( subtitle mandarin ) be you come ? out she go . and he follow . maybe he 's on commission . int . vent - day Mac , very much alive , somewhat the worse for wear , crawl through a darken pipe on he belly , toward ... ...a grate . Light filter through . reaching the screen , he squint through it . can not see shit . listen . nothing that rise above a ambient woosh of air in the duct . he grasp the wire , push , and ... ... fall straight through , tumble ten foot to crash land in a heap . hear feminine scream before we look up to ... ... three young women try on lingerie , be attend by a older saleswoman . the girl be half - naked and as Mac rise , one throws a red lace teddy in he face . he peel it off , and still hold the garment , calmly tell the saleswoman ... mac ( subtitle mandarin ) it 's all right , the security camera behind the mirror be work again . at which the customer shriek , cover themselves all the more , and begin scream at the poor saleswoman . during which ... mac ( subtitle mandarin ) well . if everything be in order ... all four woman . look at he . ext . lingerie shop , shin kong mall - sunset close on a entrance , just as Mac come ... ... flying through , propel by two sizeable security guard , once again landing in piece . it 's a long day . as Mac clear he head , they stand at the doorway with fold arm . hope he want some more . mac what kind of a country be this ? in britain , a man can try on lingerie without compromising he dignity ! the bruiser look at each other . no habla espanol . ext . kaohshing harbor , taiwan - dusk a super tugboat , engine rumbling , ready to pull out . a woman pace the deck . every time we see she , she seem more tightly wrap . at last ... ... here he come , step briskly from the taxi , stride up the gangway , pull from inside he coat ... ... the red lace teddy . he drape it over she face , and she pull it away , step into he arm ... ... she kiss be urgent . Real . hold on the look in she eye . what be she think ? he stroke she hair , gently . then , go to look into the Halliburton case , which stand by the rail . as he crouch . as he look at the bone ... she be watch he . a intensity to she gaze . more feel than she be comfortable with , which ... ... disappear completely , as he turn to she . and when he mime flinging the case into the sea ... she laugh . ext . statue square , hong kong - day close on a british Petroleum billboard with a huge digital clock , count down by second ... JUNE 29 , 1997 , 11:32 a.m. - 1 day , 12 hour , 27 minute , 48 second to : reunion with china ! pan to a aerial view of ... Hong Kong 's bustling statue square , the hub of countless feeder street and alleyway , as we roam to a series of shot ... ... billboard everywhere . western business that announce we'll still be here for you . other , primarily british , send farewell , gratitude for past patronage . China -sponsor depiction of happy Hong Kong and chinese citizen , proclaim one country , two system . ... move van , people push cart of belonging , shop sign advertising blowout inventory clearance sale . traffic beyond gridlock . the human ant colony . ... incredibly long queue in front of post office , american Express , the impose glass and steel skyscraper call the hong kong and shanghai bank build . ... large group of uniform chinese soldier in the street . more orderly demonstration by anti-China protester , they sign say more democracy and free hong kong , they number watch by chinese soldier , who in turn be watch by british soldier . close on the square now . a couple at a sidewalk vendor . Mac be purchase a t-shirt . gin dutifully lift she arm , and Mac slip the garment over she head . it say china got hong kong , and all I got be this lousy t-shirt . he regards she thoughtfully , and she turn , modeling for he as if wear a givenchy original . he approve , lift the Halliburton case , and they move on , strolling , chat until Mac ... ... bump hard into a chinese soldier , both man reeling with the impact . the soldier carry a identical halliburton case , and the two man set they case down side by side , as Mac step forward ... mac ( subtitle mandarin ) fucking hell ! watch where you're go , man ! no one notice , no one care . gin tug on Mac 's arm , do not get involved , dear . Mac reluctantly step back . the soldier glare at he . then , bend and pick up ... ... Mac 's case . a parting epithet in mandarin , and the soldier start off . watch he , Mac unobtrusively finger a conceal ... ... pistol , ready for action . but keep watch , as within a few yard , the soldier ... ... stop . open the case . check out the Oracle bone , right there in the middle of the square . Mac and gin watch across the distance , with hair- trigger keenness . at last the soldier close the case ... ... walk back to we . soldier ( subtitle mandarin ) I believe I take you case . handing it to Mac , he lean forward , and in low , aecent English ... soldier 21 Old peak Road . in 45 minute . pick up he own case . and be go . ext . mansion , victoria peak - day a vintage aston Martin pull up to a spectacular gated mansion . sparkle white , it be a blend of edwardian and Regency . gin be drive , speak into the voice box , and the gate swing open . as they pull up the crush rock driveway ... ...a butler appear , as british as the architecture . climb from the car , Mac have the Halliburton case . butler will you please come this way ? and lead they around the side of the house . they walk slowly , a distance behind the butler , take everything in . mac I like this . his voice be strong , calm . no hint of a smile . gin you like wha ... mac not be tell what the fuck we be do . she look equally serious . just more tense . gin you be on a ' need to know ' basis . you will get each step in time to execute , I think you agree to that condit ... mac ( quietly ) I like you not trust I . because it frees I to do the same . they come upon the spacious ground behind the mansion . a breathtaking view down the slope of Victoria peak to Hong Kong and the harbor . Kowloon across the water . gin I trust you . I only need to ... mac ... remain in control . they pass a tower row of perfect rosebush . Mac snap off a giant blossom . mac which be a sign of weakness . and hand it to she . they eye meet . mac I like that , too . at the edge of the garden , above the commanding view , a luncheon table have be set . spread with delcacy . two servant attend , also british . only the host be seat . he do not rise . gin Colonel col . qiu glance up from he meal . Green pla uniform , absurdly decorate , wraparound gautier sunglass . we recognize he as the man who take gin 's call in he mercede in tienanmen Square . the man who accompany the poor Minister of Finance to the ophthal - mologist . qiu you look lovely , Ginger . be the rise for I ? gin of course . and lean prettily . to fasten it in the buttonhole of he lapel . gin Col. qiu lai chuen , this be Andrew macdougal . hear he real name , Mac cut she a look . gin Real name here , darling . the Colonel and I have every incentive to keep each other 's secret . and she sit . Close to qiu . Mac look around at the property , the view . qiu like the place , Andy ? mac please . Mr. macdougal will do . the Colonel smile . first time . like a alligator . Mac notice that the tablecloth be actually ... ...a Union Jack . he finger the flag . qiu this way . do not matter if we spill . mac my sentiment exactly . he sit . qiu this place be a gift . from its former owner . a Brit whose business will now happily continue to function . perhaps ... even expand . mac ( spread he napkin ) Planning to spend much time here ? qiu Tho it have require many sacrifice . gin the Colonel have divorced he wife . to facilitate the necessary entertaining of western woman . qiu Tho some be more entertaining than other . and run the back of he knuckle up the length of gin 's bare arm . mac Colonel . you be touch the woman I love ... which bring qiu 's eye over . really ? mac from time to time . and pull up the Halliburton case . handing it across the table . as qiu take the case in he lap , open it ... qiu you be a Scot . would you like some 25 - year - old macallan ? mac sure , I will take a case . qiu glance across the lawn to the butler , who stand behind the bar trolley . as the drink be prepare , the Colonel study the bone . gin the Colonel tell he Minister of Culture that he could mount a surgical raid to liberate this treasure from Taiwan . mac ah. how much be the Minister tell the raid would cost ? qiu ( not look up ) count equipment , personnel , bribe , a even fifty million american . all in . mac which you can now keep . the drink arrive . qiu he would have pay twice that . but my need be modest . and lift from beneath the table , a leather pouch . qiu unlike . the woman you love . from time to time . drop it into gin 's lap . she open the pouch to reveal ... ... goggle . like one would wear in a tanning salon . only this be flesh - color with one small hole in the center of each lens . slightly larger than the size of a pupil . she slip they on . a bright smile . gin how do I look , honey ? and Mac smile . in return . mac like a woman . of mystery . int . suite , peninsula HOTEL - late night Glass door open wide to a terrace which overlook Kowloon , the harbor , Hong Kong Island beyond . more light than star in heaven . and speak of heaven ... ... the sound of lovemake be fierce , feral , a urgent rhythm , part comic , part wondrous , and mostly , arouse enough to make we pan to ... ... lovemake in silhouette . this be the lovemake of tiger , mesmerize to watch , ferocious enough to inspire envy , and somehow ... ... tender enough . to suggest real love . later ... Mac and gin sit before the open terrace . there be wine and food and abandon clothing all around they . she have she pack draw near . and qiu 's leather pouch . she remove the goggle ... this be the moment . gin in the Hong Kong and shanghai Bank Building . be a room with two computer . one for you . and one for I . mac glad I have a function , here . gin the room be a vault on the 14th floor . access code to that room be change daily , computer pass - word on the hour , but ... but . she be electric , more alive than he 's ever see she . gin four man in the world . do not need code . they retinas will scan to unlock everything . one of this be China 's Minister of Finance . she lift the goggle ... mac and he retinal plate be in there . yep . mac we trade for the great train robbery . all right , let 's say we be in the door . now what ? from she pack , she pull a slender black rectangle . open it to reveal a shiny metallic disc . gin Hong Kong have a huge portion of its holding invest in foreign bank . in hundred of separate account ... hold up the metallic disc . gin this CD rom be program to send , instantaneously , thousand of instruc - tion , with all necessary confirmation code , to transfer reasonably modest sum out of that account .... mac modest . gin two or three million at a crack , in odd number . total , eight billion . and change . mac and you have set up a laundry . gin every wire transfer get rockete through a series of multiple switch , Austria , uruguay , Antigua , the Channel Islands , the cayman ... mac ( quietly ) seychelles ? gin ( beat ) I leave that out . mac you be forgiven . gin thank you . as soon as each deposit land somewhere , it 's shot somewhere else , till the mafia could not find it . mac but that first instruction , transfer the 8 billion dollar . they be record in the main computer . she waggle the disc . gin nope . the CD instruct the computer to erase the real transaction . and replace they in its memory with a innocuous loan code xj6 . Little homage to limeyland , there . mac dearest . the account will not reconcile . she waggle the disc . again . gin wrong . the CD instruct the computer to over - report all account total forever , in the exact amount we have lift . so the chinese think the money 's still there . on this one . he have to smile . mac the money . be still . miss . gin sure , the foreign bank know they send out some money . but they think Hong Kong know it , too . and since we be leave plenty in every account ... mac the shit do not splatter . until the first account run dry . exactly . gin and then . come the really brilliant part of the whole thing ! mac I be hope there would be one . he settles back . look at she . gin admit it , so far you be blow away . well ... mac it do sound like the beginning of a beautiful friendship . and he finger reach out ... mac pity it will be over . in 21 hour . touch she hair . her face . she swallow . a raw moment . a hoarse ... gin Bet you say that . to all the one-night-stands . but he 's just stare in she eye . the look pin she . she can not wriggle off . a murmured ... mac no , mar 'am ... he lean to she ... mac only the best of they . they kiss . ext . statue square - round midnight close on the british Petroleum billboard , where the countdown clock say ... JUNE 30 , 1997 , 11:41 p.m. , 0 day , 0 hour , 18 minute , 51 second to : reunion with china ! the square be beyond bedlam . Times Square look desert New Year 's Eve compare to this carnival crush of humanity , rock and roll as if reunion with China be the doorway to paradise . sing , chant , scream , dance , music and booze everywhere , firecracker explode , soldier and civilian , tycoon and hooker , tourist and peddler and Party member and homeless , go absolutely nut . who know . could be the last party . ever . whip pan to the crowded plaza in front of the tower glass - and - steel headquarters of the hong kong and shanghai bank . zoom to focus on we smash couple in evening wear , gin with a large bead shoulder bag . Mac present a invitation to a pla soldier , who admit they into ... int . public lobby , hong kong and shanghai bank ...a VIP party go full blast in the lobby of this truly breathtaking structure . a central atrium rise 47 floor , create a soar clear core , around which the office and work space be ringed . the view straight up be interrupt only at three well - space level , where thick canopies of glass , stitched together with spidery skeleton of steel , span the open core . Mac look up ... ...at the balcony railing surround the atrium , the reveler have be grant access to the lower five floor . above this , all be empty . mac Nice of the Colonel to provide a invitation ... she be guide he toward one of the multiple hor d'oeuvre station . half the celebrant seem to be armed pla soldier , many with rifle sling boldly across they shoulder . gin well , I promise he a bonus . five million . come out of you share . mac ... long as I do not have to have sex with he . Mac load up on six hor d'oeuvre , pile they on a napkin , as she take two flute of champagne . they step away from the mob toward a pot plant near the wall , and Mac ... ... drop he snack with a splat . shit. bend to clean the mess , he slip from he waistband a flat circuit board with a bank logo and a three - pronge plug . in a single motion , he plug it into a socket conceal by the pot , scoops up he canape , and we CUT to ... int . surveillance room Three security officer blink , as all fifty monitor screen go haywire at once . the image compress to a blur of line between a series of diagonal slack bar that slash across the screen . the way you tv act when the horizontal hold go out . they can not believe it . stumped , they start slamm button , flipping switch , jabber to each other . now the image begin to roll vertically , as if in response to they attempt at adjustment . welcome to the world of high tech . int . elevator bank Mac and gin wait with a party of older brit , who have have plenty to drink and be carry more . two armed soldier flank the elevator . a car arrive . as the brit enter ... mac ( politely ) we will take the next one . wait , calmly . Mac smile at a soldier . mac ( subtitle mandarin ) what time tomorrow do the tank roll in ? the guy laugh . a elevator arrive . gin sip champagne as they enter . the door close . they be alone . the panel have floor 1 through 5 light . the other number , 6 - 10 and 16 - 47 , be dark . there be no number 11 - 15 . Mac pull from he pocket a small flat device , not much thicker than a credit card , with a window and a series of LED light on its face . he fit it into a slot beside a black glass plate on the elevator panel . immediately , the led scramble , all red , number flash across the card 's window , as the device begin to lock on the elevator code . in sequence , the led turn GREEN , and ... ... the glass plate light , announce in kanji and English ... acce granted to floors 11 , 12 , 14 , 15 . Mac press the light number 14 . the elevator rise . he look over at she . she be tight enough to snap . we can feel she heart racing from here . mac so all that time , sit at you computer . all the research , the access code you job allow you to steal , floor plan , schematics ... set up all you bank account ... she look irritate . he be smile , gently . mac year of work , come down to .... ( check he watch ) ... six minute . do not be nervous . easy come , easy go . she look away . the elevator stop . mac you share prob'ly work out to , what ? dollar and a quarter a hour ? I laugh . the door open . she be piss off . gin what 's you point ? mac ( very real ) that I like you , Ginger . now they be stare at each other . a open elevator door . a empty dim hallway . they see only each other . mac the dedication , the skill , the gut ... he hold out the crook of he arm . as a gentleman escort a lady . mac I be go to see you get everything you deserve . her eye flicker on that . so he grin ... mac woman . if you can not have fun , right now . you be in the wrong business . she look in he eye . her body seem to relax , just a little . she take he arm . int . 14 th floor close on a keypad . next to it , a mirrore plate with two aperture , set apart the distance of human eye . gin 's goggle face drop into frame , reflect in the mirrore surface . she fit she eye to the aperture ... gin ( whisper ) open. sesame . a red scan light appear . tracks vertically . beeps . tracks horizontally . and from somewhere ... ...a soft click . pull back now , to see ... they stand at what seem the door to a bank vault . round , gigantic , heavy steel . bolt eyerywhere . Mac reach to grasp the handle , and ... clang . the door swing OPEN . they stare at the inner sanctum ... ...a windowless room . dim , eerie fluorescence . a blast of white noise from the elaborate air-cool system . two large mainframe computer face each other from opposite wall , desk and work station with PC monitor fill the space between . as Mac close the vault door behind they ... ... gin go quickly to the smaller mainframe . pull the high - resolution monitor around on its adjustable arm . the screensaver display guernsey cow swim among tropical fish . she hit a key . the screen saver replace by , welcome . authorization mode please . two box for password and scan . she hit scan . a plastic shield rise , revealing ... ... the mirrore plate , the tiny aperture . gin lean to fit she goggle eye in place . the red scan light . vertical track . beep . horizontal track . and the monitor announce ... welcome minister feihong . gin take off the goggle , and ... ... throws they across the room to Mac at the larger mainframe . as he repeat the scan process , gin be load the precious CD - rom into she mainframe 's driver . watch the screen ... gin upload . and you have get ... two minute , fifty second . with Mac now . type the word control panel . the screen now show icon for time set , and he click he mouse to create a clock in the center of the screen , label local time , and read 11:57:19 , change with each second that pass ... mac so let 's see . across town at the british Consulate ... intercut ... frenzied activity in a large war room fill with computer , wall screen , every worker function at top speed ... continue to hear Mac over this ... mac ( v.o. ) ... everyone be work frantically to complete transaction before they go off - line at midnight . CUT back to Mac in the vault . he click he mouse to create a clock at the left of the screen , label british terminal time . it be , of course , show the same time as the local clock . mac ... then , deep in the high - tech bowel of the Bank of China Building , just across the square ... intercut ... a even larger war room , even better staff and equip . everyone ...doing ... nothing . stare at blank monitor and wall screen . mac ( v.o. ) ... the chinese be sit on they thumb , wait to come on - line at midnight . CUT back to Mac in the vault . he click he mouse to create another clock at the right of the screen , label china terminal time . show the same time as the other clock . 11:58:22 . mac I feel for this boy . let 's give they a breather , hmmn ? click the mouse , and the british terminal time begin flashing . mac we will let the brit go off - line 4 second early . as the flash clock reach 11:58:30 , and Mac hit the key four time , advance the british clock to 34 second , four second later than the other . mac and we will give we new chinese overlord 4 extra second of rest before they have to go on - line . as the local and chinese clock reach 40 second , Mac hit the key four time , regress the chinese clock back to 36 second . we watch all three clock , click down the last moment of british rule . the british clock be 4 second fast , the chinese clock 4 second slow . mac play God here , Ginger . we have create 8 second that do not exist , anywhere but in this room . local time ... 11:59:00 . one minute to midnight . mac 8 second , where no one be on - line but you little CD - rom . he turn around . her eye be wait . across the room . mac and when , eventually , everyone discover what transaction xj6 be really about ... gin China will think it happen before midnight . Britain will swear it happen after midnight ... mac they will each be positive . the other guy . do it . Mac sigh . this be a sad thing . mac liable to be a ugly international incident . she squint across at he clock . gin Britain off - line in 18 second . we be bulletproof . his smile return . bittersweet and real ... mac baby girl . nothing . be bulletproof . ever . the look hold . he turn back to he screen . she linger on he for a instant . then , back to the mainframe , finger poise above she enter key ... mac Britain go bye- bye in 6 ... 5...4...3. intercut ... the british Consulate . all screen go dark . a logo appear of a popping Champagne bottle , whose spray form a Union Jack twine with a prc flag , everyone shout , cheer or curse , and we smash CUT ... back to gin ... strike enter , the screen flash transaction xj6 processing . gin ( softly ) Jesus God , it 's go through . mac ( watch he clock ) Hong Kong midnight , happy new year . except at China Bank . gin ( to she screen ) c'mon , c'mon ... her screen flash transaction xj6 complete , hear she shriek of ecstasy , as we ... intercut ... Bank of China where dark screen suddenly light with the same stupid party logo . only nobody cheer . they just get to work . back to the vault ... mac feel like a nightcap ? but across the way , gin be jamming a button . again . again . gin the CD will not come out of the driver . Houston . we have a problem . mac relax , do not jam it ... gin ( jam it ) fucking thing !! he cross the room . she 's rummage on a nearby desk , find a letter opener . mac do not panic , now , there 's no rush ... gin we can not leave it in there , it 's get all we account , everything that can nail we to a goddam cross !! she 's fitting the letter opener into the narrow slot above the lid of the driver . mac easy with that , there 's no ru ... whoop ! whoop ! whoop ! whoop ! every siren in the skyscraper be shrieking , light be flashing crimson , gin 's screen say security breach in a selection of language . gin just stare at it . gin there 's a rush . the siren be ear-splitting . we know that elsewhere in this building , all hell must be break loose . gin be yanking Mac 's arm out of the socket ... gin let' move it , what be you waiting F ... mac the disc . be still in there . yeh . she stare at it . really scared . gin we can not help it , we ... we have gotta ... he stare at she . in one motion , he snatch a stapler from the desk and smashes the driver with all he strength . it pop open . calmly , he pluck she CD from the tray . she mouth a barely audible ... gin what a guy . but just as she 's about to bolt ... he hold up one hand . slip another CD from he pocket . we see the word kenny G . mac be wonder where to leave this ... pop it in the drive . slam it shut . mac ( quietly ) time to go . int . corridor Mac and gin running full tilt through the siren blare , turn a corner to see ahead ... ... the balcony railing , the building 's empty central core . Mac bolt straight toward it , gin sprinting to follow , lung pound , they reach the railing , look down to see ... hysteria , unimaginable chaos . Soldiers , black - tie partygoer , scrambling in all direction , look to he leave Mac see ... ... the bank of elevator , soldier pouring in , some car already rising , fourth floor , fifth . now he look directly below , where ... ... soldier be pounding up the metal service staircase , the front rank almost at the third floor . in the lobby , some face look up to see we , but no one be shoot . gin they do not know we be the bad guy . he plunge he hand into she shoulder bag ... mac time they find out . pull out two plasma grenade , and fling one toward the elevator cable three floor down and it ... ... explode in a horrifying fireball , cause pandemonium in the lobby below , the elevator cable blown away , car plunging , the yellow smoke momentarily screen we from the soldier far below , and Mac hurl the second grenade ... ... straight down and the fireball wipe out the staircase , a huge section of ninth floor landing raining down on the lobby . gin okay . how do we get down ? mac down ? I never like down . grab she hand and they race to the staircase , as smoke billow everywhere below . up they go , two stair at a time , the lowest glass - and -spiderweb - steel canopy be three floor above we , the cacophany of shout below be like a amplify insane asylum . he be drag she now , up , up , bullet be fly blind through the smoke , chewing up metal and glass all around we , up , up , and as the smoke at last clear , they have reach ... ... the canopy floor . they can see the army down below . clutch she hand , Mac lead she over the railing , onto the canopy itself , and together they run ... ... straight across the heavy glass toward the far side of the building , like space - walk above the throng 150 foot below , bullet now tracing they path from beneath , slamming off the underside of the bulletproof canopy , gin shrieking with fright as they go . we see ahead ... ... three executive elevator beginning to climb the far wall . this be glass - enclose tube , all fill with soldier , the car in the lead already at the tenth floor . Mac keep run straight toward they . gin ( out of breath ) we've got one more grenade ! mac ( not ) save it for a rainy day ! they make it to the edge of the canopy , the lead elevator only two floor below they . we can see the soldier through the glass . Mac grasp she hand , and as the car near we level ... mac you can do this . they leap across five foot of open air to ... ... land squarely on the car 's metal roof , Mac wrapping he free arm around the cable , and up we go . the ant colony below we recede fast . gin be hang onto the cable , petrify . Mac be look up toward the roof . gin okay , now what ? mac ( absently ) shut up . you be on a ' need - to - know ' basis . gin Mac , I be sorry . he look at she . just now , she seem more miserable than afraid . gin turn out , I be a screw -up . he do not smile . pass the third canopy . mac well . something to be say for be self -aware . look back up . forty - first floor . six to go . mac May I have the last grenade , dear . it 's about to rain . she blink . huh ? so he reach into she bag , pull out the grenade , and throws it ... ... straight up . the roof above they explode in a fireball , and shield she body against the wall of they shaft , as a huge section of roof come raining down . we watch as it ... ... crash through the upper canopy , ton of roof and glass plunging to ... ... blast through the middle canopy , everyone below scrambling for shelter , as the whole shebang ... ... explode through the lowest canopy . gin can only gape at the incredible display . mouthing a silent wow . they have pass the second canopy , thirty - sixth floor . still climb . the other two elevator maybe five floor below we . mac you see , banking will be more democratic under China . she look to he . mac well . no more glass ceiling . the elevator car have stop . we be at the roof . the soldier be in the car beneath we foot , nowhere to get out . above we head . ... the last few foot of elevator cable . and starry sky , where we patch of roof use to be . mac how refresh . the night air . he begin to shimmy up the few foot of cable . at the top , he reach out with one hand toward the lip of the remain roof , grab it , lunge with he free hand , and ... ... dangling 47 floor , he pull himself up , swing onto the roof . reaches back down . she be only twelve foot below he . frozen with fear . gin I can not do this . mac you can . if I say so . she stare up at he eye . he smile . mac if you stay . you will have to pay for the damage ... she look down at the mess below . and start to climb the cable . not so easy in a ball gown , but the adrenaline be pump . get to the top . here 's the hard part . one hand reach out ... ... grab he . she let go . and she be dangling in space . mac now that split . do we say 60- 40 ? and with all he strength , haul she up onto ... ... the roof . two - third of it remain . at the far edge , a gigantic maintenance crane , itself two storey high . but between here and the crane ... ...a helicopter . Big and beautif ul and empty . she look like she 's see God . Mac start to jog toward it , she run to follow but see he go ... ... straight past the chopper . gin hey ! he turn back . she point to the copter . it 's over here . mac get the key ? oh . gin I think you could ... hot - wire stuff ? guess not . mac they fix that thing so you can not steal they ... and keep walk . toward the monster crane . mac this , they be not so worried . move fast , he point off to he right . her eye follow a long cable , lead from the arm of the crane , across the roof , attach by a huge hook to a massive wrecking ball . mac go grab that hook . he reach the crane 's cab . turn back to see she have not move . mac let I rephrase that . run and grab that hook . or die ... get it ? she take off run . he hop in the cab . push the start button . it rumble to life . test some lever ... gin ( o.s. ) shit ! don't do that ! he turn to see that he 's tightened the cable , pull she ball six foot in the AIR . she cling to the hook with a true death grip . he lower she ball to the roof . get the hang of it . mac this only work if you shut you eye . which make she eye bug out . gin you be not gonna lower I over the side . mac of course not . now close baby eye ... ( she will not ) suit yourself . he throws a lever and the crane 's arm begin to swing in a circle , finally take the ball with it , and as she scream , Mac ... ... pounce out of the cab , racing along the edge of the roof , not toward the ball which be sweeping the hysterical gin in a widen arc , but toward the point where he think the ball will clear the edge , and just as it do , he ... ... leap aboard , throw one arm around the hook , the other around she , and they go ... ... over the side , whooshing down in a gigantic , every - increase loop , as the endless steel cable unwind from its huge drum like a fishing reel hook onto a killer whale . gin oh noooooooooo .... the ride no theme park could insure , swooping out across the skyline , dropping like a anvil , as the cable unspool hundred of foot , nothing but nothing for mile below they , gin grab a breath to shriek she gut out , as the monstrous pendulum reach its max , begin to slow toward that one nauseate motionless instant ... mac let go now !! he yank she loose , and they drop ... ... four foot . the ball swing off lnto space to some unknown mayhem . clutch Mac , gin look way down to the street , and realize they be stand on ... ...a rooftop . quiet , safe . alone . mac Planning . she whip around , glaring death at he eye . mac and dumb luck . she collapse in he arm , every muscle tremble in spasm , sobbing ... gin God , I hate you . he hold she tenderly . kiss the top of she head . mac ( softly ) good . I hate you , too . ext . nathan road - early morning with gin in a soft brunette wig , walk briskly , light carry - all across she shoulder . very early , even the busy street in the world be less than that at this hour . up ahead ... ... tsimshatsui Station , a tall man with a tourist shopping bag , lean casually against a pole . talk into a cellular . as she approach , Mac do not seem to notice , but she can now hear he conversation ... mac ( into phone ) ... if I can not have my usual suite , I will take my business to the bristol , simple as that . he see she now . smile small . mac ( into phone ) ... why indeed should I be more loyal to you than you have be to I ? think it over . snap the phone shut . mac you run you call . she do . she be frankly exhilated . gin all the transaction , all the transfer . it 's a miracle . mac why ? the CD erase the tran - action , all account seem in order . it look like the thief be stop in time . she sigh . it be a miracle . gin the Colonel say police have nothing . a man in black - tie , a blonde in a gown . the elevator guard see face , but no mug shot to id . I think it 's over . Mac 's smile . bittersweet affection . mac except it never be , really . quite . over . she smile . it be easy , but dazzle . atypically soft . gin well , one hope not . the bristol , huh ? in ... Paris ? ah . mac you be not go back to Mr. Cruz , and the nine- to-five ? gin not hardly . I have arrange to be kill in a car crash . on Taipei . amazing how little it cost . mac well . you want to watch that penny . she take a breath . scare , in a excited way ... gin I could arrange for two . in that crash . his smile back . he look at he watch . take she hand . lead she to the subway step . mac you know , for a bitch . you can be awfully sweet . gin woman of mystery . what do you say ? I like the bristol , just fine . mean , it 's not the ritz ... mac you know , all night I have be wrestle with something ... gin not the most flatter way to put it . he take he big tourist shopping bag . put it in she hand . mac I have change you travel plan . they be descend now . into the vast underground train station . gin mine . mac instead of take the subway to the airport , you change at Jordan Station for Kowloon tong . get that ? get that ? mac Jordan be only 90 second up the line . like a wire transfer , you be go . vanish . he hold up a silencing finger . listen to I . mac in this bag be passport , ticket , papers . a amber wig , a good one . a dress you can slip on in five second . her eye move over he face . what be this ? mac you be on a tight connection to the tran -siberian Express , be in Europe in a week . gin Mac , wh ... mac shhh . you always talk too much . they be at the booth . he pay they fare . through the turnstile , now . mac time have come to return the favor . one last time . smile at she . as they enter a tunnel . mac tell you . what business . I be actually in . and in a instant of blind panicked clarity . she get the whole thing . gin ( hushed ) my God . you be a cop . mac ( very softly ) that 's my girl . keep walk . people be everywhere . but they be alone in the world . mac see , my profession be cover , too . a notorious thief have access to colleague , they plan ... he sigh . mac I have turn in ... well , couple hundred . over forty year . Scotland yard , interpol , FBI ... look around the tunnel . mac think I might retire . after you . gin and all the ... microchip , the diamond machine ... mac well , the chip be return . the machine be just a box , do you actually think it be real ? glance at she . gin I think ... everything be real . stupid girl . end of the tunnel in sight now . it lead to a massive , endless quai . train in transit . gin that be you job , so I could have claim entrapment . you have to wait . for mine . nearly there . he say nothing . look pretty grim . gin the Oracle bone ... mac well , the State Department like that one . they have more fish to fry with Beijing than Taiwan . he sigh . mac so they be take credit for let it go through . Tho I be afraid you Colonel may be in for a career disappointment . she stop walk . she have to know ... gin and the 5 billion . ah. that . mac I have not tell they . gently , take she arm . lead she onto the endless train platform . walk slower now . mac I say you have not reveal the job . that it would not take place until after the changeover . down the platform they stroll . as she eye wander ... mac do not look , they be there . her breath catch . her eye go down . gin and my ticket . in the shopping bag ? mac well . kept my option open . if I give you up , they do not matter , do they ? her heart pound through she chest . gin if . mac have lot of crazy thought . one be retirement . with four billion dollar . after all , I know some place where life could be private ... gin but you could not do that , huh ? they have stop . just two traveller in a strange land . wait for a train . gin otherwise . they would not be here . he nod . smiling pleasantly . mac creature of habit . I suppose . we feel she adrenaline racing . gin lot . of thought , you s... mac keep smile . they will not move , until I raise my leave arm . and so she smile . as prettily as she can manage . mac I think . well , I have get the CD . I could contact the bank , reverse all the transaction ... a train be coming . we hear it . mac ... except maybe . leave you with ... oh , a hundred million , say . to tide you over . see the train . slow . pull in . mac then , I think , nah . not my style . with a shriek of metal . the train pull toward we . mac I figure . what the hell ? what the hell ? mac let she keep the lot . the train stop . the door OPEN . people come out , people go in . pour around they . they be alone again . the subway door stand open . two foot away . she look at they ... mac no rush . the door will not close for 60 second . sixty second . and still smile ... mac there 's a pistol in the bag . reach in slowly . take it out fast . Point it at my temple . she freeze to stone . mac you can do it . if I say you can . and she ... doe it . a blind move , the gun straight at he head , Mac miming fear , raise he hand to chill the agent we ... whip pan to see . half a dozen , everywhere , but none too close . they react , pull they weapon , but it 's a stand - off . back to ... two people . alone in the universe . mac step onto the car , keep the pistol train on my face . she hesitates . do as he say . passenger be scream , cring , bolt for other car . we world be frozen . his hand raise ... mac seem I be wrong . Gentle smile . mac entrapment . be what robber . do to cop , huh ? her eye be flooding . the gun be tremble . mac twenty second . shoot I in the shoulder , it will slow they down . her pistol be shaking like she have palsy . tear be on she cheek . gin oughta shoot you in the face . mac come on , you can do it , if I sa ... gin no way . not anymore . she sob . she can not stand this . mac ten second , hold on . gin when do I see you ? there be no answer . there be no word . the door hiss shut . she stare , training she pistol on he through the glass , he hand reach back to hold off the agent , and the train ... pull away . a instant to pick up speed , and it roar into a tunnel . go . Mac stand motionless as all hell break loose around he , agent rush to he side , Mac shaking he head , calmly ... still stare after the train . mac Airport . change at mongkok Station , we can cut she off . Walkie-talky whip out . this guy be the same the world over . we begin to crane up ... mac she might lose the wig , be look brunette or blonde , navy pants suit ... agent I think yaumatei change for the airport , and it 's closer . keep pulling up , a aerial view now , too high to see they face ... mac ( o.s. ) I think you be wrong , but cover it . you get maybe four minute . higher still , the mob below a ant colony ... mac ( o.s. , calmly ) no problem . she 's trap . but as the crowd part . we can make out one lone man ... stare after . what have go . fade to black . roll end credit .