equity Story by Sarah megan Thomas alysia reiner Amy Fox screenplay by Amy Fox int . new york stock exchange . morning 1 a sea of people buz in excitement -- reporter , official , man in dark suit . occasional flash of color as woman in brighter attire elbow through the crowd . screen hover overhead , each alive with row of number . Traders shouting order , flashbulb pop , constant videotape on cell phone . ipo reporter # 1 ( 0.s. ) what a historic day Eric ! and now we pull back , realize that the chaos at the stock exchange be actually happen on a tv screen . int . HOTEL room . day 2 we see the face of a beautiful woman , she sharp eye focus on the screen . this be naomi , early 40 's , poise , tough , brilliant , and piss off by what she 's watch . on the tv , a bubbly female reporter hold court at the edge of the crowd . ipo reporter # 1 you have see the horde of people cheer , just now I think we have the biggest woo I have hear all day . nobody expect dynacorp stock to climb to 47 -- a impersonal sleek hotel room . naomi gaze at the tv , as she get ready to head out for a day of meeting . a second reporter , back at the studio . ipo reporter # 2 this ipo be certainly one of the biggest we have see this year -- naomi shut off the tv . she keep she gaze on the empty screen a moment . she exhales . tech ceo ( 0.s. ) so , what happen with dynacorp ? int . sushi restaurant . night 3 naomi wine and dine a eager 25 - year - old male ceo of a tech company . he talk with he mouth full . 2 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi they elect to work with Channing trust for the offer . tech ceo but you have a long history with that guy , do not you ? she meet he gaze . around they , chopstick fly over colorful platter . tech ceo ( cont ’d ) Word be you low - ball they on pricing . naomi pricing be a judgment call . tech ceo but ultimately they ipo have at the higher price . naomi listen Doug , I have take 9 silicon Valley company public in the last five year . you want to talk about the one I do not take to the finish line ? naomi lean forward , enjoy herself . naomi ( cont 'd ) here 's what nobody want to admit . everything be a judgment call . and yes , you need to trust you banker , because this be a partnership . you guy be the innovator , who can build technology the rest of we be not even imagine . but without funding , that 's just tinkering ina garage . I work for the large investment bank in the world . and we both know I find you guy capital when you be a couple of kid with a laptop and a dream . so we can talk about last year 's ipo calendar , or we can talk about how to grow you company so you can build technology that 's go to transform people 's life . the ceo nod , impressed . 3 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi ( cont 'd ) you try the tasmanian Sea trout ? naomi smile and pop one in she mouth . ext . new york skyline . evening ( stock footage ) 4 a plane land against the backdrop of the shimmer building of the city . int . lyft car . evening 5 naomi gaze at the light of the city glide by from the back of a luxury car . int . michael 's apartment . night 6 we track through the apartment , find the remnant of dinner for two , takeout on fancy plate , a empty wine bottle , a pair of discard high heel . on the balcony , michael pour amber scotch into a glass . he be late 40s , handsome and charismatic . he hand the glass to naomi . Michael be sharp ; nothing get past this guy . they be in Michael 's dimly light enormous loft apartment . Michael play with naomi 's hair . michael you smell like the ocean . naomi you smell like noodle . Singapore ? michael Hong Kong . naomi take a sip of scotch . naomi what have you hear ? michael I be in a completely different division of the bank . naomi you be on the exec . Restructuring ? randall 's retire ? he hesitates , give in . 4 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) michael yes . naomi they 'il need a new global head . michael now you be beyond my scope . naomi I be a top producer for this firm . michael naomi . he tuck she hair behind she ear . michael ( cont 'd ) you lose a major client . she look at he sharply . naomi be you say I should be worried ? he hesitates . michael no . you will be fine . naomi it 's late . she slip into she shoe . michael stay . naomi I be exhaust . michael we will crash early . what 's so good about you bed anyway ? she look at he , bring she face close to he , seductive . naomi threadcount . and she 's out the door . a8 5 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . naomi 's apartment - bedroom . night 7 a enormous bed with rumple luxury sheet . the bed be empty . through a doorway we see naomi in a office alcove , type at the computer in a silk nightgown . ext . remson office . day . a8 int . remson office . day 8 naomi walk past a conference room with 10 senior male banker in a intense conversation . one of they glance up at she through the glass . suddenly she feel self - conscious -- could they be talk about she ? she move on briskly . int . naomi 's office . day 9 as naomi head into she office , she chatty assistant hand she a espresso . assistant how be you weekend ? naomi Fine , thanks gloria . a sleek , large office . a row of lucite deal trophy line a shelf . naomi click through she email with lightning speed . erin enter the office in a stylish suit , carry a heavy pitch book . Erin be 34 , smart , pretty and athletic . erin San Fran good ? naomi keep she eye on the screen . naomi you read up on the company ? which one stand out ? erin I be look at -- 6 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi cachet . I have get a hunch they be look to expand . you have get number on they ? Erin glance down at she book . she do not have that number . erin I will send they right over . naomi nod and start type something . she notice Erin be still stand there . erin ( cont 'd ) everyone 's say there 's go to be some movement around here ... and I be wonder if this might be the time to -- naomi no , not right now . naomi 's finger fly over the keyboard . Erin do not budge . naomi finally turn she full attention to she . naomi ( cont 'd ) I tell you I have make a push for you . and I will . but right now hr be out there snatching blackberry . erin I get that . but I have be under - compensate two year in a row . naomi it 's a down year . and I be still get feedback that you be ... too nice . erin who say that ? naomi client , for one . erin how can you be too nice to client ? naomi ( sincerely ) Erin , we will get you there . you have to trust I on this one . 9 a 10 11 12 7 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) Erin nod . naomi ( cont 'd ) I need that number . int . remsen bathroom . day 9a Erin try to stop herself from cry in a bathroom stall . int . erin 's office . night 10 a janitor push a mop down the quiet desert hallway . only a few of the office be light . in one of they , Erin revise graph in a smaller , but still nicely - decorate office . she rub she eye , stretch she neck , and reach for a plastic cup of green juice which have the word kale scribble on it . she grimace as she drink . int . naomi 's apartment - bedroom . night 11 naomi get ready for bed , wash she face , take out she diamond earring . her jewelry be neatly arrange in box from Tiffany 's . she climb into bed , switch on a flatscreen tv , click to resume a episode of scandal . her laptop bing . she mute scandal as she grab the laptop , and open a attachment from Erin , label cachet . she begin expertly scan the data . int . remson office . day 12 naomi move swiftly through the office , look over the papers as she walk , Erin at she side . naomi this be they latest projection ? naomi hold out a graph . naomi ( cont 'd ) that can not be right -- erin I know , I just catch that . 13 14 8 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi who do this graph ? erin teddy . I tell you , he 's careless . naomi stop abruptly . turn so she can see in the distance a bunch of young associate at they cubicle . naomi when do they all start grow this mustaches ? erin I be sure there 's a bet . teddy , 24 , boyish with a hint of a mustache , laugh loudly , project nothing but ease and confidence . naomi who 's fuck kid be he again ? erin nephew . lawrence sidel . naomi Jesus Christ . erin I can fix it . naomi the mustache ? Erin smile , reach for the papers . naomi ( cont 'd ) thank you . int . remson office . morning 13 naomi walk briskly towards randall 's office . out of the corner of she eye , she notice a 53 year old executive ina nice suit carry a box of belonging , flanke by two burly security guard . int . randall 's office . day 14 a gorgeous office with floor - to-ceil window . many lucite trophy and frame portrait of banker with executive . 9 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi face randall , Global head of equity Capital Markets , late 5as , impose , deliberate . he 's be at the top for a long time . a perky hr woman , early 30 's , stand nearby , flipping through a file , and watch randall , who stare at a small tower of jenga block on he gleam desk . naomi wait , on edge . randall carefully pull out a jenga block . the tower barely tremble . randall naomi . thanks for come in . naomi of course . naomi glance at the hr woman . randall you know Leslie , from hr . she need a couple more name , from you department . naomi relax almost imperceptibly , nod . naomi teddy sidel , and Arthur abbott . hr woman you do know who teddys 's uncle be ? naomi you ask I to identify the weakest performer . what you do with that information be up to you . hr woman smirk , nod to randall , and go . randall I be sure you have hear the talk . I be gettin out . retire . naomi congratulation . randall you never want to stay too late at the party . he gesture to the trophy around the office . 15 10 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) randall ( cont 'd ) and this particular party be sober up . randall turn back to he block . randall ( cont 'd ) you turn . naomi look at he , a bit surprised . she reach for one of the block and push it gently . randall ( cont 'd ) steady now . naomi pull the block out ; the tower remain intact . naomi so they 'il be name a new group head . he look she in the eye . randall look , naomi , I be go to be frank with you . this do not look like you year . naomi because of dynacorp . randall I have ask around about what happen there . the perception be ... that you rubbed some people the wrong way . naomi 's face be unreadable ; she do not want to betray she true feeling . randall do not look away from she . randall ( cont 'd ) they be look for a rainmaker . naomi smile tightly . we begin to hear the sound of punch , grunt . int . naomi 's apartment . night 15 naomi kickbox violently , she trainer meeting every blow with he pad . sweat run down she face . trainer you be hesitate ! go , go , go !!! 16 11 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) she freeze for a second , then lunge forward with a primal scream . int . michael' apartment . night 16 naomi refill she scotch and hand one to Michael . naomi I mean at least hit I with fact . use my number against I , but perception -- what the fuck do I do with that ? michael you never really tell I , what happen with dynacorp . naomi I be sure you read the tweet . apparently I wear the wrong outfit . he shake he head . naomi ( cont 'd ) the truth be I do not know . and it 's my fuck alarm clock . Three , four in the morning , I be ask myself -- what the fuck happen ?? replaying the negotiation in my head , the valuation , the pricing . I have be in hundred of that meeting and I have never have one go south . he look at she , surprised she be be so candid with he . naomi ( cont 'd ) you do not do that , right ? Men do not lose sleep over this stuff . michael oh we do . but we do not turn on ourselves . more fun to be piss at someone else . she smile . michael ( cont 'd ) what 's the biggest deal you could get . right now . 17 12 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi cachet just hire they 12th board member . michael so they be look to go public . she nod , taste the adrenaline of she next pursuit . naomi I find vc 's for that kid when he have five employee . int . mentoring event space . evening 17 a lofty space line with bookshelve and high window . naomi mingle effortlessly , laugh and chat with a ethnically diverse crowd of woman , mostly in they 20 . she be a star , but a approachable one , with woman clamoring to talk to she . samantha , beautiful , tough , and smartly dress , watch naomi from across the room . she be familiar with naomi 's charisma . she choose she moment to approach . SAM naomi Bishop ? naomi turn , smile warmly . naomi samantha Ryan . SAM I think you hate alumnus event ! naomi well , you know . important to give back . especially to mentor the -- she turn , notice a large sign read '' City woman , '' with a cartoon draw of a giant high heel climb a building . naomi ( cont 'd ) be that the logo ? Sam laugh . SAM I think this young woman look at I like what not to do . ( more ) 18 13 . Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) SAM ( cont 'd ) like how to go to law school and still end up break . naomi there must be at least one young idealist out there . how be thing ? you be still at the US Attorney 's , lock up the drug dealer ? SAM I be actually in you area now . White collar crime . Securities division . naomi well , good for you . SAM and you be still naomi at remson ? I be a lifer . Golden handcuffs . you get a file on we ? SAM I imagine we have get a file on everybody . they be smile , but this hang in the air a moment . SAM ( cont ’d ) let 's get that drink we always swear we will and never do . I know , you be very busy - naomi let 's do it . it 's be too long . SAM I 'il call -- you have people ? naomi just smile at this . int . mentoring event space . face of various woman , as together asian young woman people . you do evening 18 they listen intently . a put - take the microphone . young woman I be wonder , for each of you , what 's that thing that really make you want to get up in the morning ? 19 14 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi , samantha , and three other woman face the audience . naomi I guess the simple answer be : I like money . some people laugh nervously , but the woman in the audience be loving this . Sam listen . naomi ( cont 'd ) I do . I mean that 's the honest answer . I like number , I like a challenge , I love negotiation . but let 's just be clear . I really like money . I like know I have it . I grow up without money , in a house where there be never enough . I be raise by a single mom with four kid . I take my first job on Wall Street so I could pay for my little brother to go to college . remson give I that chance and I have be there ever since . naomi see a woman nodd sympathetically . naomi ( cont 'd ) but I be not go to stand here and tell you I only do what I do so I can take care of other people . because it be okay to do it for ourselves . for how it make we feel . secure ? yes. powerful ? when you understand value , cost , what we will pay for , what we will risk , and what we can build ? that 'il get you up in the morning . Sam lean forward now , intrigue . naomi ( cont 'd ) I be glad it 's acceptable now for woman to talk openly about ambition . but do not let money be a dirty word . we can like that too . ext . U.S. attorney 's office . day people swarm up the courthouse step . 20 21 15 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . U.S. attorney 's office . day Sam review a spreadsheet in the spare space , under fluorescent light . her colleague , frank , 40' , a guy from like it be , appear in the doorway . frank 20 and somewhat cluttere Brooklyn who call it you go to the thing ? you talk to she ? you friend ? SAM I do . frank and ? she give you anything on the hedge fund guy ? SAM I have not see the woman in 5 year . what be it you think she 's go to give I , during we appearance at a Vassar alumnus reception ? frank look , this be you idea to get to the bank this way . SAM I say I would make contact . frank and ? SAM I make contact . he just stare at she . she give hima reach for a stack of file and open int . U.S. attorney 's office . night samantha munch a snicker bar as she spreadsheet , memo , and report . confident smile . she the one on top . 21 pour over she scribbles name and number on a legal pad -- '' remson '' '' Michael connor '' '' titanite . '' 22 23 16 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . naomi 's apartment - kitchen / live room . night 22 the kitchen be open to the live room . naomi open she fridge , revealing immaculate shelf . a bottle of wine , a couple of takeout container , a giant bag of carrot . she grab a box of upscale fish food . she turn to a square tank contain a spectacular beta fish , and sprinkle the food into the water . the tank seem unusually large for such a small creature . int . erin 's apartment - bedroom . night 23 Erin pack haphazardly by the light of she phone . her husband gabe , 35 , groan from the bed . he 's charming , smart , and down - to-earth . gabe what time 's you car come ? erin 4:30 . gabe Jesus . you need to sleep . erin please do not tell I what I need . gabe I get it , you have to win the bake sale . she smile . erin bake off . gabe bring I a brownie ? erin a brownie ? I be bring home the fuck bakery . she climb into bed . gabe I hope I never have to battle you for anything . erin ' Cause you have lose ! 24 25 a26 17 . Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) he grab she , pull she to he . erin ( cont 'd ) ( laugh , between kiss ) 4:30 !! omitted 24 ext . airport . day ( stock footage ) 25 the plane touch down . Quick montage of image of San Francisco : the sloping street , Chinatown , the trolley . int . HOTEL room . night a26 naomi open the door of she room to Erin , who hold out a stack of papers . Erin stifles a yawn . Erin nod , erin New specs . naomi terrific . erin be there anything else you need ? naomi I need my team to stay awake for the pitch tomorrow . go on , get some rest . grateful . erin they do have a whole menu of pillow here . naomi I would go with number five . erin good choice . Soft edge , firm at the core . 26 18 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) she turn to go . int . cachet lobby . day 26 teddy and bill , a young African - american associate , take a peek at naomi and Erin who practice the pitch behind glass door . Bill lean in to teddy . bill what do you think she make ? teddy five fifty base . bill okay , but what 's the bonus ? I mean it 's true , right , the girl get less ? teddy see that naomi and Erin be emerge through the glass door . teddy and here they be . game time lady ! naomi just look at he . naomi you know what 's fascinating about you , teddy ? you be a survivor . he look at she quizzically . Erin try to hide a smile . a team of man in stun suit go past they , chuckle . bill be that Channing ? teddy nod . teddy my uncle say remson 's eyeing that tall guy . for next Global head . he trail off , unnerve by naomi 's steely gaze . naomi boy , we have a pitch to give . she be focus , like a athlete just before a game . 27 19 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . cachet conference room . day 27 a less corporate , funkier conference room than that we have see . on the wall , a giant gold key make up of line of code . the ceo , ed , 29 , be flanke by he cfo , ian , a number wiz who protect Ed like a young brother , at the head of a table crowded with casually dress manager . Ed still have the look of a kid who play too many video game . restless energy pulse under he casual exterior . teddy and Bill distribute pitch book . Erin notice that the pen say '' Channing trust , '' leave behind by the competition . she casually flick one into a nearby trashcan as naomi begin the pitch . naomi life for this ; she be in she element . naomi when I be a kid , if you want privacy , if you want to send a secret message , you make invisible ink with vinegar . teddy proudly display a large seemingly blank piece of poster board . naomi ( cont 'd ) and when you be ready to '' go public '' you reveal you message with grape juice . Bill take a large paintbrush dip in grape juice and '' paint '' across the posterboard . the remson logo appear in purple as he do this . people be nodd , smile . they appreciate this touch . naomi see Ian and a few other open the pitch book , and give a silent go - ahead to Erin . number time . erin but cachet have certainly take privacy to the next level , and we be so pleased to have the chance to foster that growth . if you open you book to page 2 , you will see in the first model , that we be predict a valuation of $ 820 million at 34 to 36 a share . Ian and Ed flip through the graph and model . 28 29 30 20 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) ian well , you be certainly present we with some compelling number ... naomi you guy can see we have do we homework . but that 's not why you be go to give we this deal . ed okay ... naomi I remember what you tell I the first day we meet : we be not a social media company with privacy setting , we be a privacy company that can build a social network . a impenetrable social network . I understand that . the need for that . I feel it in my gut . some people think you guy be paranoid , investor would not go for it . now fast forward : Edward snowden , nude photo of actress , the Sony hack . you revenue jump . you competitor start roll out . but we be ahead of the curve . because we understand that every day it get harder to trust people in this world . and security be the hot commodity around . Ed be nodd . Ian look impressed . other be too . Erin catch naomi 's eye . they have get this . omitted 28 ext . airport . day ( stock footage ) 29 a airplane touch down in New York . int . naomi 's office . day 30 naomi 's finger fly over the keyboard . Financial news play in the background , mute . the phone ring and she grab it . naomi naomi . 31 32 33 21 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) a moment . she break into a wide smile . naomi ( cont 'd ) well I be glad to hear that . we see the ipo reporter on the television screen in she office , then start to hear : ipo reporter # 1 in tech news , get out you ipo calendar -- as we CUT to int . erin 's office . day 31 Erin hold a plank pose on she elbow , hover over she blackberry . a message pop up and she eye light up as she jump to she foot . ipo reporter # 1 the privacy company cachet be go public . cachet have be see record growth recently in the wake of the public 's keen interest in security . int . SAM 's office . day 32 Sam watch the coverage at she desk , chew on a pen . ipo reporter # 1 the lead banker on the deal be say to be naomi Bishop . int . naomi 's office . day 33 we be back on naomi watch she tv screen . ipo reporter # 1 apparently some money manager be surprised to hear this news , after Bishop be report to ruffle some feather during a tech ipo earlier this year -- naomi , unfaze , reach over and switch off the news . 34 22 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . michael 's apartment . night 34 naomi eye be on she Black Berry . Michael playfully take it from she , replace it with a champagne glass . they clink glass . michael you know what 's funny about the privacy space ? half the world be paranoid and the other half never even reset they password . naomi it 's true . michael for 20 year , my password for everything be rudolphl . naomi like the reindeer ? michael I have a dog . when I be a kid . naomi ahww . michael what about you ? lamest password ? naomi I be not tell you my password . michael Old one . circa 1996 . naomi bankerchick . michael now that be hot . he grab she roughly for a kiss . she press against he , smell he , unzipping he as the buzzer sound . naomi ( frustrate ) that 's Erin . michael who ? naomi button she blouse as Michael zip up . 23 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi my vp , she 's drop off the revision . she press the buzzer button . michael ( amuse ) you buzz people up to my apartment now ? naomi open the door . Erin approach awkwardly hold out a pile of binder . michael ( cont 'd ) Erin , nice to see you . erin hi , sorry -- naomi take the binder . naomi thanks . michael goodnight ! naomi shut the door . michael ( cont 'd ) where be we ? he pull naomi to he and toss she onto the couch . they move fast , frantic for each other . int . michael' apartment . dawn 35 the early morning light streak through the window . naomi be twisted over Michael asleep on the couch . we hear : michael ( 0.s. ) hey babe . it 's I . you be a tiger last night . be I see you later ? naomi ( 0.s. ) you be call I on this line ? 36 24 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . remson compliance office . morning 36 Sam and ABBY , a stylish compliance lawyer , listen to a recording . michael ( 0.s. ) hey compliance ! fyi . this be a strictly personal phone call . naomi ( 0.s. ) Michael -- we can not be -- Sam realize it be naomi she 's listen to . she lean forward . michael ( 0.s. ) you guy monitoring ? you hear anything about client ? ' Cause the only wall we be crossing be ... the wall of love . there be muffle laughter in the background , as if someone on the trading floor be egging he on . naomi ( 0.s. ) you be a idiot . Abby click off the recording . ABBY never a dull moment here in compliance . SAM that 's he company phone ? be that crossing the wall ? I mean she 's on the banking side -- ABBY well technically there 's nothing criminal here -- SAM remson do not have a policy prohibit this kind of romantic -- ABBY some bank do , but nope . SAM and what 's you gut about this guy ? 37 25 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) ABBY Michael ? he 's get instinct . some people have instinct and some people be get a tip . SAM and ? ABBY we keep a eye on he . SAM Frank mention you use to be a ausa ? you ever miss it ? ABBY wearing the white hat ? sure . but you know what they say , you can not spread ideal on a cracker . SAM do you actually know people who say that ? Abby smile politely . int . michael 's apartment . morning 37 Michael make espresso as a half - dress naomi make she way down the stair . he go to she , play with she hair . michael what 's that ? he touch a tiny patch of reddish skin , barely visible just below she jawline . she finger it . naomi nothing . she begin to delicately put on she diamond earring . he admire she . michael remind I why I do not marry you . naomi diamond . he look curious . 26 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi ( cont 'd ) remson holiday party . ninety - something . randall introduce we . michael the St. regis . naomi indicate the earring . naomi you ask I who buy this . and I see you , gear up to fight off some rival . but then I tell you I buy they for myself . after my dad leave I watch my mom leave she best earring at the pawn shop . we never get they back . so I want to be able to buy enough diamond for both of we . michael you never tell I that . she smile as if at a unspoken memory . naomi but man like a girl they can take care of . michael yeah ? someone should warn they about the alimony . naomi laugh . she pull on she heel . naomi you be more fun divorced anyway . michael well congrat again . people seem to like cachet . you remember my buddy Marco ? naomi from Stanford . the tech blog guy ? michael he 's always write about privacy . encryption , whisper - phone , all kind of spy shit . cachet could be big . naomi we certainly hope so . 38 27 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) michael I mean you think this cachet guy be onto something . she look at he , suddenly cautious . naomi we do . michael due diligence start yet ? naomi Michael . michael you want a chinese Wall in my live room ? I do not ask you anything . naomi I just think it 's simpler , not to talk shop . michael you think that some of the time . she look at he sharply . michael ( cont 'd ) I mean if it 's about you , you prospect at the firm , you be happy to talk shop . naomi that 's completely different . michael okay . she set down she cup very deliberately . naomi I be go to go to work now . she go to the door . int . fine restaurant . night 38 wine flow into glass , and finger reach for hor do noevr . naomi , Erin , teddy , Bill and a few other celebrate the deal . they be toast and do shot . naomi look relaxed , carefree . 39 28 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) bill I be tell you . photo of Ed and all he programmer . hanging out in a hot tub . Bill hold out he phone to teddy . Erin shake she head , laugh . naomi notice randall crossing over to they from another table . they follow she gaze . teddy start to get up . randall no no , do not get up . I be with a client . I just want to say congratulation . great work , all of you . naomi thank you . she make a decision . naomi ( cont 'd ) you know Erin -- he do not . randall of course . naomi she do really spectacular work on this . randall always good to know . again , congratulation . Erin smile , pleased , as randall shake she hand . randall ( cont ’d ) I recommend the porterhouse . int . restaurant bathroom . night 39 Erin head to the sink , hold a martini glass with a olive half hide by she purse . she pour out the drink and begin fill the glass with tap water . the door swing open . naomi . Erin meet she gaze in the mirror . Erin finish fill the glass . 40 41 29 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi how far along be you ? erin it 's really early . six week . naomi nod , smile tightly . naomi well . it 's very exciting . congratulation . she disappear into a stall . Erin take a deep breath and head back to the restaurant . int . fine restaurant . a few minute later 40 back at the table . the man devour steak , naomi finish a salad . naomi look , anyone can make money sell information , but here be a guy who think it be more valuable to protect it . she look at Erin , notice she have barely touch she porterhouse steak . naomi ( cont 'd ) I mean we all understand the value of privacy . Erin look up , a flicker of anger as she meet naomi 's point gaze . erin information be power . Bill and teddy do not quite understand the sudden tension . bill fuck yea . int . erin 's apartment - live room . night 4l Erin aggressively tear open a giant box , as gabe look up from he newspaper . 30 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) gabe I do not understand . do naomi think you be go to call she the minute you peed on the stick ? erin I do not know . she aggressively tear open the box , clothes spill out . gabe you think she wish she have kid ? erin no . I do not . I do not think all woman wish they have kid . what be all this ??! Erin pull a long mumu thing out of the box , dangle it away from she . gabe clothes . maternity . my sister send they -- erin you tell she ? gabe I be excited . you know my family , we get excited . Erin shove the clothing back in the box . erin I be not ready for this . gabe we really should get longer to prepare . the Alpine salamander be pregnant for three year . erin that sound horrible ! gabe my eight grader be obsessed with they . after sex the female store the sperm in this '' semen pouch '' -- erin ew ! but she be laugh . 42 31 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . SAM 's apartment . night 42 a cozy and colorful space crowded with well - love furnishings and toy strewn about . Sam perches on a kitchen stool , scrolling through she laptop . sophie , 6 , pour milk sloppily into a glass hold by she twin , william . Sam 's wife , melanie , a African - american woman with the strong , graceful body of a dancer , tug on she boot . sophie which babysitter ?? Sam peer at a online pic of benji aker , 40s , snowboard , under a headline which read : would you trust this man with you money ? melanie hello ! Sam ! Sam finally look up . melanie ( cont 'd ) Sophie want to know who 's watch they tonight . SAM Lisa from downstairs -- sophie I hate Lisa -- SAM you do not hate Lisa -- william she 's get weird hair . sophie she 's not a real babysitter . melanie they have get a point -- I mean you know I have rehearsal every Tuesday ... SAM something come up -- it happen ! 43 32 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) melanie drink . with some friend from childhood ? SAM I tell you -- it 's work . melanie what , you be investigate she ? be this one of you kalinda sharma undercover routine ? SAM Lisa be fine . she 's affordable . and you -- she reach out to pull the twin in for a playful squeeze . SAM ( cont ’d ) you crazy like the game on she phone . Sam kiss the giggle twin . melanie quality child care . but she can not help but smile at they . int . trendy bar . night 43 Sam and naomi drink colorful cocktail . naomi admire a picture of Sam 's kid on Sam 's phone . naomi they be terrific . she hand the phone back . a beat . Sam seem a little unsure how to reciprocate the small talk . naomi gesture at she own phone . naomi ( cont 'd ) I get niece , nephew and a beta . Sam laugh awkwardly . naomi ( cont 'd ) it 's a fish . SAM oh , yeah , I ... 33 . Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi so , you be a mom , you be a lesbian , what else be new ? Sam laugh again , less awkward . SAM and I do yoga now . naomi of course you do . i’1l tell my brother I see you . he think every girl he ever date turn gay . Sam smile fondly . SAM how be Pete ? and the rest of you family ? everybody still in Michigan ? naomi yes . in that 30 mile radius . they be fine . naomi finish she drink , notice Sam check out the female bartender . SAM be you see anyone ? naomi I get what I need . SAM yeah ? do tell . I be just a boring marry lady . someone from work ? naomi where else . Sam nod . she be try to figure out how to play this . SAM I date a colleague once , but it get claustrophobic . naomi we do not see each other day - to-day . SAM smart . so what , a broker ? naomi look at she . 34 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi yes , actually . SAM huh . do that cause any ... naomi any ... SAM I mean there must be certain thing you can not share -- naomi what be you do ? here I think we be just two old friend have a drink . SAM we be . naomi could we get the check please ? ( to Sam ) his name be Michael connor . but maybe you already know that . SAM no . I mean -- she look at naomi . nothing be get by this woman . SAM ( cont ’d ) ok . I do come across he name recently , in the office . as somebody who -- naomi who -- SAM Works with a lot of hedge fund . naomi yes . that be what he do . naomi put a $ 100 bill down and stand to go . ext . transition shot . sloping street of san francisco . day¥4 ( stock footage ) 45 35 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . cachet conference room . day 45 the conference room buzze with people , mostly man , include Ed and Ian . conversation quiet as naomi and she team stride into the room . naomi notice marin , a woman with purple hair whisper something to the cfo and hurry out of the room . naomi take a seat next to Ed . naomi good afternoon , everyone . we would like to start off with a preliminary discussion of pricing -- ed let 's do it . where be we at ? naomi at this point , we be look at a range of $ 32 to $ 34 a share . at 7.2 million share , that give we a valuation of 868 million -- ian now just a minute here -- ed we gotta have a billion valuation . naomi we have look at the comparable , and -- ed you say $ 34 to $ 36 in the pitch . you be go to leave ten of million of dollar on the table . ian we can get at least 35 . naomi hesitates . she need this to go smoothly . naomi ( diplomatically ) well it 's a balance act . raising money for the company , while still promise the investor a deal for come on board ... a couple of man at the table exchange look with each other as thing get more heat . 36 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) ed look , you begge I for this ipo . you want I to call Channing trust ? naomi Ed , what we want to avoid be a down round -- ed we know what happen with you last ipo . naomi I do not think that 's relevant here -- all eye be on naomi . Erin speak up . erin Ed , I believe we goal here be to find the right number for all of we . Ed turn to she . ed the number be 35 . Erin glance briefly at naomi , as if ask permission . naomi nod almost imperceptibly . erin possibly . but you can think of it like a party . we need to encourage people to show up to the party . could be the best party in the world , but if nobody show up -- ian a party ? naomi we do not need to -- ed no , hang on . I get this . a party . go on -- erin the $ 32 to $ 34 range will get people in the door . but if the party be good enough -- 46 46 a 37 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) ed people will line up around the block . erin this be true . Ed address Erin as if she 's the only person in the room . ed I like you . he smile . Ian look apprehensive . ed ( cont 'd ) you know how to talk to people . in 1l party with you anytime . erin absolutely . she smile back at he . naomi watch . ian so if we be talk about sell 15 % of the company now , we should discuss what option that give we go forward . int . HOTEL room . night 46 naomi , in silk pajamas , nibble room service strawberry as she review a due diligence checklist . she close it and flip through open tabs on she computer : a bio of Ed , a list of best dermatologist in NYC , and a soul cycle class schedule . she glance up at the tv , play silently over the bed . suddenly she fix she eye on the screen . she scramble for the remote control , turn up the volume . on the tv : on tv : 460a footage of a crowd of people and yellow police tape at the foot of a midtown building . 47 38 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) reporter ... in Midtown Manhattan , where a young man employ at the hedge fund treem Capital jump from he 24th floor office window this afternoon . a source tell bloomberg News that the firm have be under investigation for insider trading ... naomi watch , disturb . she go to the minibar and pull out a small bottle of scotch and a bag of m&m . her eye still on the screen , she begin pop m& ms into she mouth one by one . int . U.S. attorney' office . day 47 Sam scribbles on a large whiteboard with a cluster of name and arrow : '' Michael , '' '' titanite Capital . '' the photo of benji on he snowboard be tack up next to he name . Frank poke he head in , see Sam crossing out '' naomi '' frank how be drink ? she just look at he . SAM she 's not go to give I anything . frank if we do not have a good feel about this one -- SAM we do not need warm fuzzy fuck feeling . we need evidence . do you friend in compliance send anything over ? he hand she a thick envelope . frank paperwork on Michael . Sam open the file , she eye lighting up with interest . frank ( cont 'd ) now do not go do anything rash . you be not in narcotic anymore . 48 39 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . cobalt cocktail lounge . evening 48 Michael join two hedge fund guy , benji , 40' , the guy from the ski picture and cory , 35 , a benji-in -train , at a VIP table in a swanky lounge . benji Michael , I do not know if you have ever meet cory ? Michael and cory shake hand . benji ( cont 'd ) he 's be with we a long time , but he 's ready to play with the big boy now . cory try to laugh this off . a provocatively dress waitress pour Michael 's scotch . he smile at she . benji ( cont 'd ) what have you get for we ? michael I be think privacy . he take a napkin and write the word cachet on it in green pen . benji ( to cory ) his girlfriend 's do the ipo . michael I do not have a girlfriend . benji smirk , pick up the napkin . benji you with this green pen . michael Color of money . benji what do you know ? michael nothing . ( his eye twinkle a bit ) it 's private . benji nod , take a drink . turn to cory. 40 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) benji I be just outta school when I meet this guy . and you know what I see ? he be not do it for the cash . he love the game itself . and he play it like a pro . the day I leave to start a hedge fund he send a fuck hedgehog to my office . Michael smile fondly . cory a actual hedgehog ? benji I open the box and this fuckin rodent be climb into my lap . benji lean forward , suddenly serious . benji ( cont 'd ) where be that guy ? Michael meet he gaze coolly . benji ( cont 'd ) you be different lately . I do not want to say older , but -- michael we be all older . cory nod at this . benji I dunno . it 's something -- new regulation get you down ? he stand up , gather he coat . michael I do not know where you be go with this -- benji because I be still in . all the way . and we have get capital to invest . so you bring we something , yeah ? benji start to walk away . benji ( cont 'd ) ( to cory ) let 's go . 41 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) cory follow , a bit like a puppy . Michael be leave alone , stare after they . 49 int . cachet conference room . day ag naomi and Erin sort through paperwork . naomi this be the due diligence report ? erin yes , and they be upload to the data room and ready for counsel to review . naomi catch sight of marin , the woman with purple hair , pass by the conference room , glance at they through the glass . naomi lean over and whisper to Erin . naomi what 's the story with that girl ? erin she 's one of the programmer . naomi that 's the fourth time she 's walk by this morning . naomi watch through the glass as the Marin move on . 50 ext . park . evening 50 Michael scroll through he phone while eat a ice cream cone . samantha approach , give he a mysterious smile . SAM Michael connor . michael I be sorry , have we ... SAM I do not think so . samantha Ryan . US attorney 's office . he be not expect this . michael really ? should I phone my lawyer ? 42 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) SAM I do not think that 's necessary . I be just hope we could have a brief chat . michael sure . that 's my idea of a perfect summer evening . just a cozy chat with a long legge woman who just happen to be FBI . SAM I do not say FBI . he wave towards the street . michael no , they hang back in the van . SAM I be alone . and I be not interested in you . he lean forward . she nod . michael well that be too bad . SAM I be interested in one of you client , titanite . benji aker . michael well , I be not sure how I can help you . my relationship with my client be confidential . SAM of course . but this hedge fund guy they have always get a loophole , some way of stay out of trouble . but they need a guy like you , right , at a big bank ? and you do not have so many loophole . you have get regulation , compliance look over you shoulder , hand I intell ... so it seem to I , that if anybody 's gonna take the fall , it 's not go to be benji acre . michael take the fall for what ? 51 43 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) SAM exactly . could be anything . could be a merger last spring when it seem like certain investor get the memo prematurely , or a bunch of trade that compliance flagge as a irregular ... Michael look at she , thoughtfully . he stand michael you do not have anything on I . SAM how do you know that ? michael because we have be downtown , with wire and somebody in my face . this be just a cozy chat . which I have certainly enjoy . up . michael ( cont 'd ) why do not you call I back when you have get some leverage . SAM be that a challenge ? michael if you like . SAM look , you seem like one of the good guy . all I be say be , we can keep it that way . he give she a nod and walk off into the shadow . int . cachet office . day 51 naomi move purposefully through a row of cubicle until she see Marin at she desk . naomi hi , I be with the bank handle the ipo -- 52 44 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) marin I know . naomi notice Marin wear a necklace make of shark tooth . marin ( cont 'd ) you guy talk to every single employee ? naomi no . you seem particularly interested in we process . in my experience , that usually mean you have something you want to tell we . marin wow . you be good . naomi so you do have something you want to tell we ? Marin hesitates . naomi ( cont 'd ) or you just like my shoe . Marin smile . but then glance around nervously . marin not here . ext . parking garage . day 52 naomi and Marin be in the shadow of the parking garage . Marin speak quickly and glance around nervously . naomi be not sure what to make of she . marin cachet 's get its super secure social network , right . but here 's the thing . what happen if it get hack ? naomi it 's anonymize and encrypt at the high level . marin you have not meet my ex . he 's already do it once . we be beta testing , so it be actually kind of helpful . we plugge the hole . ( more ) she lean she look 45 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) marin ( cont 'd ) but he will keep try . and there might be other . naomi but why ? marin the challenge . the naked photo . who know . forward and continue quietly . marin ( cont 'd ) it 's call a man in the middle attack . user want to be able to access the network on multiple device . but that open up the possibility of somebody implant malware on the key server . around the park uneasily . naomi do Ed know about this ? marin he think I be paranoid . which be pretty funny , when a company that 's build on paranoia think you be paranoid . naomi but why tell I ? marin I want to sell my share . you can help I with that , right ? if this thing go south ? naomi laugh . naomi that 's not , what I do . marin I get plan . I be start a hackerspace . Marin look around the park again . she notice a woman walk by with a big gold key on a necklace . marin ( cont 'd ) you do not hear I say that . 53 46 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) and she scurries off . int . sushi restaurant . day 53 from across the restaurant , naomi see Erin and Ed share sushi , laugh together . her blouse show a little cleavage . Ed casually put he hand on Erin 's shoulder . she smile at he . naomi tasmanian sea trout ? Ed and Erin look up , surprised . ed naomi ! have a seat . naomi how 's the sushi ? erin delicious . Erin pop a piece in she mouth . naomi indicate Ed 's casual outfit . naomi I be like this look -- you be go to be the rock star of this roadshow , and people be go to want a piece of that hoodie ! ed oh yea . naomi Ed , I want to make sure we be in good shape here before I leave for New York . Ed glance at Erin . ed I be in very good shape . naomi terrific . just one thing I want to ask you about . I be sure it 's nothing , but something 's come up during due diligence . ( more ) 47 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi ( cont 'd ) a rumor that you network , encrypt as it be , might still be vulnerable to a certain kind of hacker . Ed smile warily . ed sound like you meet Marin . naomi yes actually . we be interview employee , and -- ed unfortunately we business can attract some colorful character . naomi you need you employee to be as much a firewall as you code . ed look , I can promise you we have never be hack . in theory there 's a back door to everything . but we stay one step ahead . that 's the game . naomi terrific . she and Erin smile at he . he grin back . 54 ext . san francisco STREET . day 54 naomi and Erin walk and talk . erin you need I to look into this ? I can take care of thing here . naomi well Ed certainly seem to think so . they stare at each other a moment . erin I be just try to preserve the relationship . 55 48 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi be you go to sleep with he ? erin Excuse I ? naomi it 's risky territory . when he come on to you , and he will at this rate , you have to let he down very very gently . that 's how you preserve the relationship . erin yeah . I know how this work . naomi okay then . they walk in chilly silence . naomi ( cont 'd ) ( coolly ) then maybe you can find a way to get he to sign a indemnity clause . if there be any vulnerability for investor here , we can not be liable . erin I 'il handle it . they be approach the hotel . naomi and Erin - - keep it quiet . there 's probably nothing here , and the last thing we need be rumor start . ext . courthouse step . day 55 Sam sit on the step , delicately balance a sandwich and a giant ream of spreadsheet she be highlight . Frank approach with two coffee , and look over she shoulder . SAM titanite account from the last five year . he nod , but seem as interested in she sandwich . frank the turkey 's better on a roll . 49 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) he trace a column on the spreadsheet with he finger . SAM deal where somebody might have know a little extra . frank always big pharma . SAM yep . clinical trial . somebody get too cozy with the researcher . I have get my eye on the guy who manage the account . we might get he to talk . Sam 's cell phone ring . she grab it . SAM ( cont ’d ) hello ? headhunter ( 0.s. ) hi , be this samantha Ryan ? SAM yes , who 's this ? headhunter ( 0.s. ) I be call with Marshall bane and associate . I have a client who be very interested in recruiting someone with you background and skill set -- SAM ( a bit confuse ) wait -- I be sorry , who 's you client ? headhunter ( 0.s. ) right now we be work with Channing trust to fill a open position . you may know that they have be expand they legal and compliance department recently -- SAM oh. yeah . sure , I would like to hear more about that . Frank look at she suspiciously . SAM ( cont ’d ) but I be gonna have to call you back . 50 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) headhunter ( 0.s. ) certainly . Sam hang up the phone . frank which bank ? SAM what ?! frank you never be call by a headhunter before ? well that 's why they call this place the departure lounge . I be the only sucker who 's be here more than a decade . she smile at he . SAM why do you stay ? frank just do I one favor before you talk to that guy . you be on a trading floor , right ? SAM no . frank you gotta go there , see what we be up against . you go , you breathe it in , the hunger of it . pure american desire . and if you feel like you need a shower afterwards , well then you come back here . SAM and if I do not ? need a shower ? he look at she . frank you 'il send we a diamond crust postcard . 51 Green Rev. 56 ext . deck of cobalt cocktail lounge . evening ( 07/15/15 ) 56 Sam , now little dress up , drink a martini , subtly watch cory , who sit with another hedge fund guy , who be talk excitedly . cory be nodd a lot , take gulp of he drink and look a little jittery . hedge Fund guy shake cory 's hand and leave . cory glance up and catch Sam look at he . she smile coyly and make she way over to he . 56 a SAM have we ... cory yeah ... I think we have ... cory . SAM Sam . wait , it be a cocktail thing downtown ... cory yea ... I think so . Sam sit down , brush he leg a tiny bit . SAM and you be tell I about you work . because you work at ... titan Fund -- cory titanite . SAM which sound so intense . you be say how you have to bring a little something extra . this little bit of ... what do you call it ... edge ? cory yeah . Sam lean forward , whisper . SAM Edge . int . cobalt cocktail lounge . later 56 a Sam set down a empty glass . 52 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) SAM amazing . I can not even balance my checkbook ! but wait , last time I feel like you give I a great example . it be like a clinical trial ? I do not remember the detail . cory we talk about that ? she giggle a little , put a hand on he knee . SAM we be a little loose - lipped , if you know what I mean . and it be not even the good stuff ! she take a sip of he drink . SAM ( cont ’d ) but yeah , you have do all this research and even talk to one of the scientist . it be for ms , right ? that 's why I be so interested , because my mom have it . she watch he , to see if she 's take this too far , but he nod . cory oh. yeah , I remember that . sorry -- SAM but the drug be a mess , right ? the scientist , wait , he 's a big deal ... I have read about he . what be he name ? Dr. soden ? cory Dr. sobel . Sam smile . this be the confirmation she be look for . SAM right , so he tell you . and that 's how you get edge . he 's look at she a little nervously now . she see benji enter the lounge . SAM ( cont ’d ) will you call I sometime ? 57 58 53 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) she scribbles she full name and number on a napkin . she duck into the bathroom . omitted 57 ext . central park . dawn 58 naomi run through the park in sleek workout clothes . she breathes hard , push herself . she glance behind she a couple of time . why do she feel like someone be watch she ? someone run up from behind , make she jump . it 's Michael , grin . naomi ( laugh ) Jesus ! you be stalking I . michael some people nap after the redeye . other run . naomi I can not sleep . michael want to talk about it ? naomi no . she start up a slow run again . he join she . michael I meet a old friend of yours . samantha . she look at he . naomi why ? michael I think you could tell I . I be not the one who 's besty with the US attorney . they run on together into the distance . 59 59 a 60 54 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . SAM 's apartment . dawn 59 the buzz of Sam 's phone wake she . she glance at it briefly , turn to admire a sleep Melanie , gently pull down the sheet and beginning to kiss she chest . Melanie murmur encouragement , eye still close . Sam 's phone buzze again , more insistently . this time she grab it . SAM hello ? cory ( 0.s. ) fuck you . SAM this must be cory . int . cory 's bedroom . day . intercut scene 59a cory pace in front of he window . he 's be up all night . cory I google you . SAM of course you do . cory you be a fuck prosecutor ?! SAM I would like to hear more about you contact with Dr. sobel -- cory you can talk to my lawyer . SAM I look forward to it . she hang up , eye on Melanie , who have go back to sleep . ext . golf course . day 60 a golf cart deliver naomi to where JOHN , she mentor , mid 5as , exude a relaxed confidence , stand overlook a entire golf course . he greet she with open arm . JOHN naomi ! 61 55 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) she kiss he on the cheek . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you want to play ? Cause I do not waste a dozen Sunday teach you stroke for you to ride around in a cart . naomi you be not play . JOHN I play . I own the fuck place . it 's boring as shit . the play , the own , give I a fuck break . she smile . she truly love this guy . he 's the father she never have . ext . golf course GREEN . day 61 John and naomi walk over the green . JOHN that 's a tricky one . a disgruntled employee be not the most reliable source . naomi I know . and she 's backpedal . now she will not give I anything concrete . JOHN and on paper -- naomi everything look perfect . we it guy at remson and they think this network be as airtight as they have see . JOHN so what 's the problem ? she look at he . not sure if she want to open up . but this be why she 's come . naomi there 's just this nag feel ... 62 56 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) JOHN in you gut . naomi you teach I to trust my gut . but I do not want to make the wrong move here . he nod , thoughtful . JOHN that sound like fear . which be not the same as instinct . you know why this be a business for the young ? it 's not the physical stamina . it 's the complete lack of doubt . naomi so I should keep it go . JOHN I be not go to tell you what to do , naomi . but if the number check out , then it sound like we be talk about a rumor here . and rumor ... they be the wildcard . you can not control ‘em . and once you let they inside you head , well then who the fuck know . naomi must be nice . to not have to give a shit any more . JOHN I never really give a shit . int . U.S. attorney' office . day 62 Sam confront cory and attorney cahn . cory look hungover . SAM we both know you client cross the line . attorney cahn look at he ! he 's a dad ! the man work 80 hour a week . he raise money for leukemia -- SAM do he plant daffodil too ? 63 57 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) attorney cahn he have no history , he 's never be flagge by you guy , or the SEC . SAM be you say he do not know any better ? I have a six - year- old kid , she know better . when you , and you boss , and you friend , decide to sabotage a company . when you get information that regular Joe investor could not possibly access , and you profit from that information while Joe investor lose 65 % of he retirement fund ? you know better . attorney cahn be you charge my client or not ? SAM that depend . attorney cahn he 's not the one you want . there be bigger fish at titanite . SAM and he 's prepare to cooperate ? cory 's tired face , bloodshot eye . ext . golf course GREEN . day 63 John touch naomi 's arm as they walk . JOHN hey -- you have get this . she look at he , grateful . naomi can I ask you something . what would you have do ? if I get pregnant when I be work for you ? JOHN buy you the latest stroller . naomi no really . you would not have be disappointed ? off the record . would you have keep push for I ? 64 58 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) he eye she warily . JOHN of course . naomi of course . what else be you go to say ? well I be not afraid to say it . it make a girl weak . distract . John soften . JOHN naomi -- naomi it give she perspective . that other thing matter . she look at he , force a smile . int . randall' office . day 64 randall stare out the window at the city . he turn sharply as naomi step through the door . randall what the fuck happen this time ? naomi what do you mean ? randall I get a call from Ed . it appear you have manage to rub he the wrong way . naomi we be do we due diligence . randall cachet have provide you with all the necessary document ? and nobody 's flagge anything . naomi no , but -- randall what 's the fuck problem ? Ed 's lose patience fast -- he think you lack confidence in this ipo . ( more ) 65 65 a 59 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) randall ( cont 'd ) so I ask you again , what 's the fuck problem ? naomi take a deep breath . naomi there be no problem . I have absolute confidence in this ipo . randall terrific . naomi Excuse I . I have get a roadshow to launch . she stride out of the office . ext . parking garage . day 65 Erin , on the phone and try to balance a green juice and a file of papers , navigate the garage , look for the stair . naomi ( 0.s. ) you piss off ed. erin wait -- I piss he off ? int . naomi 's office . day 65a naomi flip through message . intercut scene naomi what happen ? I tell you , you have to handle a guy like this very gently . erin what happen be I get he to sign the indemnity clause . naomi what ? he do ? erin yeah . because I handle he very , very gently . naomi ( chilly ) well then . good work . 66 67 60 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin thank you . naomi hang up . her assistant poke she head in . assistant do you want I to reschedule that dermatologist for after the trip ? naomi stare at she like she have no idea what she 's talk about . assistant ( cont 'd ) I will do that . ext . STREET . day 66 Sam get a text from cory : greensleeve pub , 43rd . int . greensleeve pub . evening 67 Michael drain a scotch . benji walk in and toss he a box tie with a bow . benji happy birthday . Michael tear it open . Inside be a large stuff animal hedgehog . Michael laugh . michael very cute . benji I do not know , he may have go a bit soft . he grin , amused at he own joke . benji ( cont 'd ) where be we on this cachet thing ? I see the ipo calendar . think it 's solid ? michael I be work on it . benji nod . take a long look at Michael . benji you do any of that botox ? for the eyelid ? because I get a guy . 68 69 70 71 61 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) michael I 'il bear that in mind . benji nod . benji you know my cousin Evan ? michael he 's at pj Ellis ? benji not anymore . worked there 30 year . regulation come along , he can not get he number , they push he out . michael that 's awful . benji now he 's knock on my door , be I look to hire somebody ? Fucking tragedy . Michael reach for the last of he scotch . ext . greensleeve pub . evening 68 Sam peer in the window of the pub and snap a quick photo of benji and Michael . int . michael 's apartment . night 69 Michael rub he eye at the computer . a box appear on the screen : '' this be a secure data room . password :---------- '' Michael stare at the screen . he try a few variation of '' bankerchick '' with no success . roadshow montage : a plane taking off at dawn ( stock footage ) 70 int . conference room . day 71 naomi and she team enter a room fill with man in suit . 72 73 74 75 76 62 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) the freeways of L.A. ( stock footage ) 72 title card : los angele . int . conference room . day 73 the same Conference room with new production design and new extras . the cachet logo of the gold key make up of code . Ed and Ian , flanke by naomi and Erin , address a crowd of man in suit munch cookie . ed cachet be not a social network with privacy setting ... london bridge ( stock footage ) 74 title card : london . int . conference room . day 75 the same Conference room with new production design and new extras . ed ( 0.s. ) we be a privacy company with a social network . more man in suit . tea and biscuit . Erin display a graph of revenue , Ian look on . Ed pose for a selfie . Bill lean over to teddy . bill dude , my dad keep texting I . he want a piece of cachet . int . staircase . day 76 naomi and Erin climb a flight of stair . suddenly Erin sway a bit , dizzy . naomi grip she arm , steady she . naomi I 'il handle this one . 77 78 79 80 63 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin I have get it . Erin push on . philadelphia bridge ( stock footage ) title Card : philadelphia int . conference room . day 77 78 the same Conference room with new production design and new extras . investor elbow each other out of the way to reach a plate of cookie shape like key . a investor approach Ed and naomi . investor I know the expert be impressed by you encryption , but let 's say I be a hacker and I break into you server . the crowd get quiet , interested . naomi glance at ed. ed well that 's the purpose of end - to - end encryption . naomi nod . naomi unencrypted content be never on the server . and do not forget about ephemeral storage . they confidence invigorate the crowd . a train pulling into penn station ( stock footage ) int . lyft car . evening 79 80 naomi watch the building of Manhattan slide by , as she listen to a message . 64 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) michael ( 0.s . ) forget thread count . I get new sheet woven from organic french flax plant . naomi smile , shake she head . as she delete the message , a reminder pop up on she phone : Dr. romler , 4:30 p.m. , tomorrow . her expression sober , as she return to look out the window . 81 int . erin 's apartment - live room . night 81 Erin drag she suitcase behind she as she enter . gabe grade papers , nursing a beer . erin hey babe ! she kiss he . he squeeze she tightly . erin ( cont 'd ) I gotta go to bed . she head for the bedroom . gabe follow . gabe you must be exhaust ... 82 int . erin 's apartment - bedroom . night 82 Erin perches on the bed , already immerse in she blackberry . gabe pop he head in . gabe do not forget , doctor tomorrow . erin oh fuck . gabe wow . I be actually feel pretty excited about it . twelve week . erin it 's just -- there 's a lot go on . she start pull on she pajamas . gabe yeah . there be . we need to talk . 65 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin you want to talk now ? gabe look at this place -- where do the nursery go ? Erin grab she toothbrush . she scan the apartment . erin I be not commute from Jersey . gabe you promotion 's 1l cover a bigger place here . erin be you seriously put that pressure on I right now ? gabe what ? you be the one who say -- she climb into bed . erin not tonight . he look at she a moment . gabe I want to go back to school . erin what ??!!! she stare at he , incredulous . gabe I have tell you about this program , to take you teach to the next level -- erin I can not deal with this right now -- gabe of course you can not . i’1ll send you a fuck email . he head back into the live room . 83 84 66 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . michael 's apartment - bedroom . night 83 naomi sleep , curl on she side like a baby . Michael lie next to she , eye open , watch she . he reach out and gently brushes a hair out of she face . naomi 's phone suddenly vibrate on the nightstand . Michael 's eye go to the phone , its tiny flash green light . he look at naomi again , then the phone . he sit up , hesitates , and gingerly reach over she to take the phone . of course a passcode be need . he look at the number pad a moment . tries a number which do not work . naomi stir in the bed . Michael freeze . she murmur something inaudible . he lean over and replace the phone . he lie back down , eye still open . int . sam' apartment . night 84 Sam and Melanie load the dishwasher , but Sam 's eye be on she phone . melanie that mug 's not dishwasher safe -- SAM then why do we own it ? melanie look , just let I do it -- SAM I be prepping for this -- melanie interview . Sam meet she gaze . melanie ( cont 'd ) I can prep you . it 's a bunch of old white guy who have all the money ... SAM they need good lawyer in compliance to watch thing from the inside , keep thing legit . 67 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) melanie uh-huh . SAM hey , do you want a sugar- mama or not ? I be try to help support my wife so she can pursue she artistic ... impulse . melanie impulse ? Babe , do not pretend you be do this for I . SAM do what ? selling out ? melanie that be you word . SAM you do realize my salary max out next year . which be why nobody stay at the prosecutor 's office -- melanie what about Frank ? SAM Frank life in a studio in hoboken ! he do not have kid . he do not have a wife who have to see some out - of - network foot doctor for she tendinitis . melanie wow -- I do not realize we be such a burden . SAM I be just try to live in the real world here ! suddenly she see that Sophie have quietly enter the room in she pajamas . it 's unclear how much she have hear . SAM ( cont ’d ) sweetheart ? sophie I need some water . Sam go to the sink and fill a glass with tap water . 85 68 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . doctor' examination room . day 85 naomi sit on a exam table . under the fluorescent light , in a skimpy gown , she look unusually vulnerable . a female doctor , pretty , and no - nonsense , examine she . doctor I do not see any other area of concern . just this area here . she reach out and touch the spot just where naomi 's jaw meet she ear . doctor ( cont 'd ) it 's a typical squamous cell presentation . naomi ( matter of fact ) you be say I have skin cancer . doctor well , this tissue may turn out to be malignant , yes . in most case , it 's resolve when we remove the tissue . naomi you can do that today ? doctor we be go to have to schedule something ... naomi I want it go . the doctor nod . doctor I may be able to squeeze you in next week . naomi Jesus . I be go to be all over the news next week . I can not have a fuck wound on my neck . what happen if I wait ? doctor I would advise -- naomi be this thing be go to kill I ? 86 69 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) doctor I be not go to answer that . we need to remove the tissue , and -- naomi I can do it September 5 . afternoon . the doctor regards she a little coolly . doctor you will have to arrange that with my secretary . i’1ll let you get dress . the doctor exit . naomi slowly begin to get dress . she look around the room : a box of rubber glove , a medical waste bin , a poster that show grimace cartoon face express level of pain . int . doctor' examination room . day 86 the same chart of cartoon face rank pain . Erin lie on the table in the skimpy gown , as the technician move the ultrasound wand over she belly . she and gabe watch the movement on the screen . gabe grab she hand . gabe can you believe it ? erin no ... she be a little awestruck . her phone ring . Erin immediately reach across gabe to get it out of she bag . erin ( cont 'd ) this be Erin . hello ? hello ? the technician and gabe share a glance . erin ( cont 'd ) I can not get a signal . gabe hon -- erin it 's that woman I tell you about . she coaches people on the whole work mom thing -- 87 88 89 70 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) gabe she might tell you to enjoy you ultrasound . she take this in . look back at the ultrasound screen . ext . midtown skyscraper . day ( stock footage ) 87 int . trading floor . day 88 Sam , escort by a security guard , walk onto a trading floor , take it all in . a cavernous space fill with row row of desk dwarf by giant screen flash ever- change number . a conspicuous number of desk be empty . Financial news play on additional screen on the wall . Sam watch , fascinate . a sleek young broker approach . broker you look for something sweetheart ? SAM sweetheart ? seriously ? be this 1995 ? broker you look a little lose . SAM I think it would be louder . broker that be the old day . SAM now you just rule the world by IM ? he nod , cocky . she step a little closer . on one screen she notice the name of different city , flash along with the number as the trader type in the eerie silence . she breathes it in , a slight smile on she face . omitted 89 90 71 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . naomi 's office . evening 90 naomi work steadily , but she be beginning to fight exhaustion . she touch the spot on she jaw lightly . she flip through a bundle of message ; she like what she see . she pick up she phone . naomi teddy , I be just see this last - minute bid for share . what else have we get ? teddy ( 0.s. ) xandos and redding be upping they order . naomi smile . naomi this thing be get hot . keep ‘em come . she hang up . she rub she eye , turn back to she computer . her assistant enter , set down a espresso . assistant you need anything else ? naomi no . she remain focus on she screen . the assistant hover . assistant everything go okay , with you appointment ? naomi of course . she resume type . the assistant hesitates just a moment more , then go . naomi glance at the window . she gather up she briefcase and coat . turn to she assistant on she way out . naomi ( cont 'd ) I be go to finish up at home . 91 72 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) ext . park . evening 91 Erin attempt to keep up with julie , a woman in a impeccable suit , who be hurry through the park , push a stroller . erin I want to be strategic . Erin try to catch a glimpse of the sleep baby . julie first thing first . can you get name manage director before the baby come ? second trimester be ideal . erin I do not know anymore . naomi be look out for she own promotion , and -- julie look , naomi 's be you mentor , that 's nice . but let 's be real here . Julie approach a bench where a Hispanic nanny be wait . julie ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . Julie speak Spanish to the nanny , who nod and take the stroller . Julie turn she attention immediately back to Erin . julie ( cont 'd ) how much do you want this ? Erin stare at she . she have never have to articulate this before . julie ( cont 'd ) because this be the moment . when people step off , they see some tiny blue booty , and they hesitate , and that 's it . you can not hesitate . so how much do you want it ? erin I want it . I have always want it . my dad be a trader and when I be a kid I would put on he tie and beg he to take I to work , and -- a92 92 93 73 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) julie that 's cute . but -- erin it 's all I ever want . Julie nod , convinced . julie then you need to forget about naomi . you need someone who can reach over and bring you up . now . Erin nod , she know this be true . julie ( cont 'd ) who else be you networking with ? you know anyone on the executive committee ? Erin 's phone buzze . she glance at it , do not like what she see . julie ( cont 'd ) do what you need to do . ext . naomi 's apartment . night a92 int . naomi 's apartment - kitchen / live room . night 92 naomi pick at a salad as she work on she laptop on the couch . she finger the spot on she jaw again . she turn to the computer and google '' squamous cell . '' Close - up photo of skin abnormality appear . her phone buzze . she look at it : Erin . she do not answer . look back at the photo on the computer . int . HOTEL lounge . night 93 Erin approach where Ed wait for she at the bar . erin hi , you get in okay ? we need to talk about that email . ed whoa , you ever relax ? have a drink . 94 95 74 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin I would love to , but there 's a million thing to do for tomorrow , and -- he put a finger to she lip . ed this place have a amazing view . erin Ed ... Ed put he arm around Erin 's waist . she do not resist . erin ( cont 'd ) we have gotta keep we eye on the ball here . Ed pull Erin in for a kiss . she pull away gently . erin ( cont 'd ) listen , this personnel change you refer to -- ed come on Erin . you be what , a vp ? if I really want to talk business , I nil call naomi . she look at he , stung . she turn to go . ed ( cont 'd ) Erin ... she walk quickly through the lobby , the sound and light blur around she . her foot catch on a luggage cart and she nearly crash into two woman with fur coat and shopping bag . she push through , just try to get to the street . ext . HOTEL . night 94 Erin emerge into the night air , steadying herself , breathe hard . she pull out she phone , scan she email , dial . erin naomi , call I when you get this . we may have a problem . int . naomi 's apartment - kitchen / live room . night 95 image of skin cancer still fill the laptop screen on naomi 's lap . but she have fall asleep on the couch . 96 97 97a 97b 75 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) ext . naomi 's apartment build . night 96 Erin buzze naomi 's apartment . no answer . she turn to go . int . michael 's apartment . night 97 Michael review data on he computer , drink a glass of wine . his buzzer sound . he cross to it . erin ( 0.s. ) it 's Erin man . surprise , he buzze she up . ext . michael 's apartment . night 97a Erin walk into the building . int . michael' apartment . night 97b Michael open the door . erin hi , I be sorry to bother you , but I be wonder if naomi 's here ? michael um no , she be not . erin something come up and I could not get hold of she . I think maybe -- michael she 's not at she place ? erin no . sorry for show up here like this . michael you be here , might as well have a glass of wine . come on in . erin really ? I be not interrupt you -- michael Nah . 76 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) she enter the apartment . he pour she a glass of wine . she survey the space , notice a frame photo of two teenage kid . erin you kid ? he nod . michael ( affectionately ) spoil little shit . mostly they visit I to piss off my ex . he hand she the glass . erin I will not stay long . michael do not worry , I be not go to ask you about where else she spend the night . we be all grow up here . Erin smile awkwardly at this , take a sip of wine . erin this be nice . her phone buzze . she look at it , shake she head . grab a pen from Michael 's desk and jot something down . michael you say something come up tonight ? to do with cachet ? she look at he . erin yeah . it 's just ... I can not really go into it . michael of course . I mean if you want to talk it through , we can keep it hypothetical -- michael ( cont 'd ) naomi do mention you have hit a snag , with due diligence . she look up sharply . 77 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin naomi say that ? michael she do not go into detail , but I think we both find it helpful to talk thing through , to get another perspective . erin you be tell I naomi bring you across the wall ? michael no , not officially . erin you know , she warn I about you . she tell I once , you always have a agenda . michael ( quietly ) well . she would know . he reach over and pour more wine . michael ( cont 'd ) what 's my agenda now ? erin you seem to think I be go to give you information about my ipo . michael maybe I be just enjoy the company . Erin take a sip of wine . michael ( cont 'd ) everyone 's get a agenda . you have be wait on a promotion . you know that . I know that . and we know how this thing happen . you do you work , kiss up to naomi , and keep hope this deal will be the one . or you try other avenue . Erin just look at he . michael ( cont 'd ) I have be at remson a long time . a lot of people there respect my opinion . 97c 78 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) Erin hesitates . her phone buzze . she look at it . it 's naomi . it buzze again . Erin pick up . / erin hi. int . naomi 's apartment - kitchen / live room . night . inter@ue scene . naomi pour herself some water . naomi ( 0.s. ) I see you message . erin naomi -- I need to call you back . naomi ( 0.s. ) why ? you meet with Ed , and what -- erin let I just - hang on a second -- she be look at Michael . naomi ( 0.s . ) where be you right now ? Erin ? erin I be ... at my place . slowly she sit back down , hold the phone . Michael watch she . she hit speakerphone . erin ( cont 'd ) yea , so , Ed tell I they do let go a few people last week . naomi ( 0.s. ) that be the recommendation . erin I know , but -- one of they be Marin . naomi ( 0.s . ) be you kid I ? she 's a liability ! if she start make claim about hole in the network -- 98 98a 79 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) Erin look at Michael . he listen quietly . erin I know . listen , I have get she number here . Michael 's finger be hover over he phone . erin ( cont 'd ) Marin gold . 415-786-9092 . naomi ( 0.s. ) get it . Erin hang up the phone . Michael look at she . michael well , Erin , it 's be a pleasure . she stand , go to the door , turn back . erin what be you go to do ? michael with what ? she hold he gaze a moment and then go into the hall , pull the door close behind she . int . HOTEL lounge . night ( same HOTEL as P. 71 ) 98 Ed drink a beer , reach for he ringing phone . ed hi naomi . naomi ( 0.s. ) you fire Marin . now ? ed look , it be not my call . int . naomi 's apartment - kitchen / live room . night 98a naomi pace . intercut scene . naomi everything be you call . 99 100 80 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) ed we have get it under control . she get a very nice severance , and we legal team have she sign all kind of shit . naomi I be concerned about this . I wish you have consult I - ed hey naomi , news flash -- I do not work for you . and I gotta tell you , the doubt , the second- guess -- I be get tired of it . I mean we get order pour in , right ? naomi it 's my job to be thorough . ed yeah ? ' Cause I think it be you job to be inspiring . Ed hang up . naomi pull out she blackberry and look at Marin 's phone number . she hesitates . she dial the number . it ring and ring . no answer . naomi open the fridge and take out a bottle of wine , and the fish food . naomi put she face close to the glass of the fish tank . she watch the glittery creature swim through the large tank , completely unaware of she . omitted 99 int . erin 's apartment - live room . night 100 Erin find gabe sleep on the couch , in the flicker light of the tv . she make a noise and he startles awake . gabe hon , what 's wrong ? erin ( flatly ) nothing . she stare at he sleep form . a101 101 102 103 104 81 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . naomi 's apartment - live room / kitchen . night al01 naomi kickbox a little wildly , she trainer egging she on . she wipe sweat from she brow . int . SAM 's apartment . morning 101 Sam sit in a lotus position , attempt to meditate . she try to ignore the sound of she phone vibrate , but she eye keep pop open . finally she give up and she reach for she phone . a message from cory : made contact . omitted 102 omitted 103 int . remson conference room . day 104 naomi 's team , cachet management , and lawyer crowd the room . naomi I want to thank you all for you patience , as we have be processing this terrific surge in order from institutional investor . the order book be now close , and we have get we offer price , $ 35 . nod of approval around the table . Ed fist bump Ian . naomi ( cont 'd ) cachet just raise $ 250 million . Ed grin , stand up as the room applaud . as people filter out of the room , naomi notice the green pen that Erin be use to jot down note . naomi ( cont 'd ) where do you get that pen ? erin ( genuine ) I do not know . she toss it in she bag and leave the room with the other . naomi Color of money . 105 106 107 82 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi stare after Erin . ext . greensleeve pub . evening 105 Michael be outside the pub , look in . he see benji wait for he . he take a breath and head inside . int . greensleeve pub . evening 106 Michael take a seat next to benji and cory at the bar . they drink . benji cory and I have a bet on how much you spend on my birthday present . michael to many more . Michael slide a large wrap box across the bar . benji rip it open . Inside be the stuff hedgehog , with a bow around its neck . benji Nice . benji set the hedgehog on the bar . int . U.S. attorney' office . night 107 Sam grill cory , who sit with he Attorney . SAM what , like a porcupine ?? cory hedgehog . but cute , fuzzy . get it ? hedge fund ? money hog ? SAM I get it . and benji take it with he ? cory yup . he reach under he collar and pull out a microphone , hand it to she . cory ( cont 'd ) be that it ? 108 109 110 83 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) SAM be you fuck kid I ? you belong to we . int . greensleeve pub men 's room . evening 108 benji finger a pocket knife . he wait for a man to finish use the urinal and exit . he cut into the stuff animal 's belly , and pull out a tiny slip of paper push into the stuff . tiny handwrite -- a phone number and the name : Marin . int . naomi 's office . night 109 naomi begin to shut down she computer when she spot the Google alert . she click on it . a blog post . the headline be : '' cachet ipo not a secure thing . '' naomi see the word : '' former cachet employee . '' naomi dial Marin . there be some fumble as Marin actually pick up , she voice quivering a little . marin ( 0.s. ) hello ? naomi Marin , it 's naomi Bishop . int . parked car . parking garage . evening 110 Marin speak quietly from the driver 's seat of she messy car . intercut scene . naomi do you understand what 's happen here ? cachet can sue you . marin they say they would take care of all that . naomi who do ? who say that ? be they pay you ? marin I be sorry . 111 84 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) and she hang up . naomi turn back to she screen , stare at the photo of the blogger : Marco Evans . naomi dial she phone again . naomi get I a car to Brooklyn . South slope . int . SAM 's apartment . night 111 Melanie hold open the door a crack , the chain on . she see naomi . naomi I be a friend of Sam 's . Melanie look she over , recognize she . melanie Nice shoe . naomi thank you . Melanie open the door . William and Sophie perch on tall kitchen stool , devour box mac & cheese . melanie let I grab she . she go . naomi hi there . you must be William ? william I do not talk to stranger . naomi that 's fine , but it 's really you friend that will stab you in the back . William consider this . Sam enter the room . SAM naomi . what be you do here ? naomi I want you to tell I what you know . about Michael . 112 85 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) Sam glance at Sophie and mel. SAM why do not we go into my office . int . SAM 's apartment —- bedroom . night 112 the small bedroom double as the '' office '' , a stand desk in the corner . naomi you have be investigate he . SAM I can not really comment on that . naomi somebody leak rumor about my ipo . I be do this ipo , and somebody -- SAM I know . naomi the tech blogger , who break the story ? that 's a old friend of Michael 's . from Stanford . it have to be he , right ? SAM do you think it be ? naomi hear this . realize she may be about to give something away instead of get something . SAM ( cont ’d ) look , as far as this ipo go , we do not have any specific link to Michael at this time . except you . you be the link . naomi wait - - be you say I give he information ? SAM I be not say anything . naomi be on guard now . realizing this be a bad idea . naomi I should go . 113 86 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) she get up . SAM you do not have to go . I can help you . do he -- naomi he do not get this from I . do you understand that ? that be not who I be . she turn and head rapidly back through the apartment , she heel click on the floor as she exit . int . michael 's apartment . night 113 a unshaven , tired - look Michael let naomi into the loft . they look at each other a moment . michael hi. naomi be you tanking my ipo ? Michael pour wine into two glass . michael should I be ? naomi I swear Michael . do not fuck with I on this . do you leak this thing ? michael be it true ? naomi it do not matter if it 's true ! you know that . once the rumor start - michael start you own rumor . you know how to play this . she stare at he . naomi what be wrong with you ?! I have this . this be mine and you fuck I . ( more ) 114 115 87 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi ( cont 'd ) do you take my phone one night when I be sleep ? or be it Erin ? do she tell you something ? he smile faintly . michael be you wear a wire ? naomi what do you think ? michael let take we clothes off . find out . for a moment , we think she 's go to do this . naomi wow . it really be all just a big game to you , be not it -- all of it ? michael what else be there ? he seem to be really ask . she take this in . she cross to the door . michael ( cont 'd ) listen , whatever happen tomorrow . you will be fine . something burst in she . naomi Fine ? I do not want to be fine . I do not work my ass off for 20 year for fine !! I be not suppose to be fine ! I be suppose to be a rainmaker . omitted 114 int . naomi ’‘s apartment - kitchen / live room . 3 am 115 naomi pace around like a cage tiger , on various phone call . 116 117 118 88 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi no , that 's for pr to handle . they get a long reach . hang on -- CUT to naomi ( cont 'd ) we can discredit she . there 's a history of psychological problem . yes , depression , mania ... CUT to naomi ( cont 'd ) I be look at the report from we Hong Kong security guy . I mean if that guy can not figure out the hack -- CUT to naomi ( cont 'd ) please tell Ed that will not be necessary . I mean I appreciate he creativity , but -- look , just wake the fuck up and call I . she hang up , rub she eye , and brews more espresso . int . erin 's apartment - bedroom . 5 a.m. 116 Erin struggle to zip she skirt over the beginning of a '' bump . '' she check out the profile of she body in the mirror , tug at the skirt . gabe sleep peacefully in the bed . int . naomi 's apartment - bedroom . morning . 5 a.m. 117 naomi apply concealer on she neck , cover the patch of skin that the doctor have examine . int . SAM 's apartment . morning 5 . a.m. 118 Sam can not sleep . she reach over a sleep Melanie and grab she computer . go to bloomberg , see : '' cachet goe public today . '' she click on a video . a bloomberg reporter be interview Ed and Ian . on tv : 89 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) reporter so this be the big day for you and you shareholder . ed absolutely . there be a brief awkward moment where she wait for he to say more , then plunge forward . reporter now just in the last 12 hour , report have surface that hacker may be attempt to access this secure network ? Ian look like he be prepare to answer , but Ed go first . ed I want to take this moment to personally reassure we investor . this morning , I have upload three photo to my own profile on the cachet network . and I do not mind tell you , that this photo , they be highly personal in nature . if you know what I mean . Ian jump in . ian what Ed mean be -- there have be never be a security breach on this network , and -- ed if anybody think they can access my photo , I say go ahead and try . Ian be still try to get a word in . reporter well , that certainly should be compelling to the investor out there . 119 ext . remson office . morning 119 Erin approach the building and see naomi wait for she . naomi what 's go to happen in there ? 120 120a 90 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin well , hopefully -- naomi do not give I that . do you leak this ? erin I do not know what you mean . naomi I know you be with Michael that night . erin I be not with Michael . naomi if you sabotage this thing ... do you have any idea how stupid that be ? what the fuck do you do ? erin I do not do anything ! naomi you need this . erin ( quietly ) you do not know what I need . you never fuck do . Erin march inside . int . SAM 's apartment - bedroom . morning Sam answer she phone as she quickly dress . SAM hello , samantha . ext . remson office . morning . intercut scene naomi you need to look into Erin man , my vp on this deal . SAM naomi ? naomi she have contact with Michael . 120 120a 121 122 91 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) SAM I 'il do that . int . remson trading floor . 8:45 am . 121 naomi and she team be at a bank of computer . she gaze up at a large television show live coverage of the stock exchange , in a echo of the first scene of the script : a mass of people hum with anticipation , trader shouting , photo flash . naomi turn she attention to the computer screen in front of she , watch the quickly change number of the share allocation . naomi we have get fba for 30,000 share . xandos for 50,000 . she lean into a speakerphone . naomi ( cont 'd ) what have we get for foreign ? banker 1 ( 0.s. ) tioros request 75,000 . we have get China for 70 . the graph on the screen flicker and change . int . remson trading floor . morning 122 naomi oversee she team allocate the share , she eye darting from screen to screen . erin rexel Brothers request 50,000 share . teddy I have get cabreau Fund for 60 . bill milton Group want 50 . teddy we will have boon portfolio ina minute ... naomi be we close ? 123 123a 92 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin we be almost there . bill we have get redding for 75 . teddy no , wait , boon be out . erin what ? teddy boon 's hit the exit . bill milton Ellis be pull out too . naomi fuck ! she lean in to the speakerphone . naomi ( cont 'd ) Arthur , Jonathan , we have to anchor this thing . ipo reporter # 2 ( 0.s. ) it 's 5 minute to market open , and the underwriter of the highly anticipate cachet ipo be nearly finish allocate share to institutional investor ... int . new york stock exchange . 9:30 a.m. 123 the buzz of anticipation on the floor . Ed , look especially sharp , step up and proudly ring the open bell . on tv : 123a ipo reporter # 1 and the market be open ! privacy company cachet go public today , and we will be watch to see how that stock trend , and what time it 's go to trade -- 124 93 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . remson trading floor . day 124 Chaos . restless energy on the floor . trader 1 I have get a bid for 100 at 32 . trader 2 200 at 30 . the screen change by the second , as naomi and the team track order come in . naomi what have we get ? erin we be get it . naomi glance up at the tv coverage of the nyse , where the crowd be grow impatient . naomi this thing 's gotta start trading -- a nyse official cut in on speakerphone . official ( 0.s. ) be there a problem over there ? erin we be finish the share allocation . Traders buzz with impatience . naomi see randall approach . naomi we need this price . randall Jesus . people be pissing themselves . when be we open ? naomi any minute now . randall what 's the hold up ?? what 's we fuck price ? naomi lean over Erin 's shoulder , try to stay calm . naomi we be in the $ 29 to $ 31 range . 125 126 126a 127 94 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) randall jesus ! how the fuck did that happen ? ? randall storm away . omitted 125 int . michael' office . day 126 Michael watch he screen , on the phone with benji . ext . STREET . day . intercut scene 126a benji , on he phone , watch he lyft car pull up . benji hang on . my lyft be here . he climb into the car . benji ( cont 'd ) talk to I . where be we ? int . remson trading floor . day 127 more chaos . on tv , we see / hear a energetic reporter : energetic reporter now we have have we eye on this cachet ipo all season . but trouble seem to be on the horizon , with whisper thatthis social network they be promote might be just as hackable as my neighbor 's wi- fi . Erin and Bill be bent over the computer . naomi hover . naomi where be we ? erin ( quietly ) twenty eight . 128 129 130 131 95 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi what ??!! be you fuck kid I . get the desk . they better be buy . Erin nod and grab the phone . we see / hear : on tv : ipo reporter # 2 price discovery have just be complete on the ipo for the privacy company cachet . the open price of $ 28 have drop significantly from the offer price of $ 35 . we will be tracking the offer throughout the day . naomi look like a warrior in battle . omitted 128 montage : int . new york stock exchange . day 129 a portal with the remson logo show the share price drop : 28 , 26 , 24 . ext . remson trading floor . noon . 130 trader 1 I have get no ask ! trader 2 where 's the fuck bottom on this one ? naomi address she team . naomi come on guy . we can still stabilize this thing ! Erin , on the phone , she face a mask of tension . omitted 131 96 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) 132 int . heliport lounge . day . 132 benji , on he phone and laptop , watch the stock fall . benji wait for it . I want in at 22 . 133 int . US attorney' office . day 133 Sam watch bloomberg . 134 omitted 134 135 int . new york stock exchange . day 135 2 p.m. on the floor : the american flag . dmm 's , sport cachet tee-shirt , swiftly type and log number . 136 int . remson office - bathroom . day 136 Erin vomit in the bathroom toilet . 137 int . remson trading floor . day . 137 naomi watch the screen like a hawk . the price be $ 22 . a trader on the floor suddenly jump up . trader 1 hang on we get bid come in . titanite be buy . 138 omitted 138 139 int . / ext . heliport . day . 139 benji 's eye be on he phone . he nod , smile , and stride from the lounge toward a wait helicopter . he board the helicopter . 139a ext . heliport . day . 139 a the helicopter ascend . 139 B 140 97 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . HOTEL lounge . day ( same HOTEL as sc 93 ) 139b a somber Ed nurse a beer , watch the coverage from nyse on tv . Ian take the seat next to he , but Ed barely acknowledge he . int . remson trading floor . day 140 3:57 pm . close time . naomi 's finger fly over the keyboard . Erin reach over from the next desk , hold out a sandwich . naomi get that out of my face . erin you have not eat anything . naomi glance over at teddy and Bill . they be type quickly , while devour giant chocolate chip cookie . naomi get I one of that . she turn back to she computer , notice something . naomi ( cont 'd ) what the hell . she pick up she phone . naomi ( cont 'd ) I want to know who the fuck think they be go to make money off this train wreck ! she hang up . Bill be hold a large cookie out to she . she take it , look at it . naomi ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be this ?? teddy you say -- she shove it back towards Bill . naomi how many chocolate chip be in my cookie ? 140 a 140 B 141 141a 98 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) bill um ... naomi do anyone teach you basic math ? Count the fuck chip . bill Three . naomi I see you cookie ! they be ooze with chocolate . but my cookie have three goddamn chip ??!! Erin , Bill and a few other be stare at naomi . teddy someone get the woman a decent cookie . int . new york stock exchange . day 140 a the close bell ring . int . remson trading floor . day 140 B naomi stare up at the tv with the close price : 23.74 . the chaos around they begin to die down . naomi turn and walk off the floor . int . erin 's apartment - live room . night 141 Erin lie on the couch , bloomberg on in the background . gabe enter , watch . on tv : 141a ipo reporter # 2 cachet lose nearly 20 % of its market cap on this first day of trading ... Erin shut it off . gabe it do not go well ? 142 143 144 99 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin you have no idea ? I mean it do not occur to you , to turn on the tv today ? he look at she . gabe I do not know . do it ever occur to you , in the middle of you day , to check on how my middle - schooler be do ? Erin get up in icy silence and disappear into the bedroom . gabe consider follow she , but settles down on the couch instead . int . naomi 's kitchen / live room . night 142 naomi finish the last of a bottle of wine , watch mute bloomberg coverage on the exchange floor , focus on the reporter 's mouth move silently . naomi stand , feel the wine a little , and take she wine glass to the kitchen . she stop abruptly , notice that she fish be float on the top of the tank . she slowly put out a finger and touch the lifeless body . but she hand be shaking . her whole body be shaking , finally she be let the tear come . she take the fish tank and walk a bit unsteadily towards the bathroom . int . naomi 's apartment - bathroom . night 143 naomi gently tip the bowl so the fish drop into the toilet . deliberately , she reach to flush it , watch she fish suck down into the swirl water . int . naomi 's apartment - bedroom . morning 144 naomi get dress , as if it be any other workday . she look at she reflection in the mirror , as if confirm some kind of pact with herself . 145 146 100 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . U.S. attorney 's office . day 145 Sam chew she nail as she and Frank survey spreadsheet . SAM where the fuck be cory ? frank you leave another message ? SAM look , we know titanite be the only buyer for that share . frank a few day go by , they get this Marin to retract she statement , the stock rally -- SAM and they clean up . but we need proof ! we need cory . Sam pace in front of she whiteboard , where she have add Erin 's name . SAM ( cont ’d ) I hate this !! call you friend in compliance . ask she to send we the personnel file for Erin man . frank she 's not go to do that . SAM why not ? frank because she say this be start to resemble a witchhunt . SAM that 's bullshit . we be so close . she fix she gaze on the whiteboard . int . remson office . day 146 naomi move through the bank . she feel that all eye be on she . 147 148 149 101 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) her assistant whisper with a young , prettier assistant . they get quiet the minute they see she . she go right past they into she office . int . naomi 's office . day 147 naomi scan she schedule on the computer furiously as she talk on the phone . naomi I see . no , I be not make aware of that . thank you . she bang down she the phone and go to where she can see the two assistant still huddle . naomi ( cont 'd ) who the fuck be cancel my meeting ? her assistant look back at she , a deer in the headlight . naomi stride past they . int . erin' office . day 148 Erin stand at she desk , look a bit unsure what to do first . a woman pop she head in she office . assistant Erin , compliance be ask for you . Erin get up slowly . int . U.S. attorney' office . reception . day 149 cory 's Attorney stand up when he see Sam approach . attorney cahn I be sorry to tell you this . she stare at he . attorney cahn ( cont ’d ) there 's be a accident . I do not know if you be aware that cory have a drug problem - Sam shake she head . attorney cahn ( cont ’d ) look like a overdose . a150 150 151 102 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) Sam 's face , stunne . ext . SAM 's apartment . day a150 Sam walk slowly up to she building . int . SAM 's apartment - bathroom . day 150 Water run over Sam as she stand in the shower . we hear knock at the bathroom door . melanie ( 0.s. ) Babe ? you okay ? Sam do not answer . knock continue as she slump against the tile , she makeup run down she face . int . remson compliance office . day 151 Abby sit across from Erin . ABBY I know you be familiar with the regulation that keep the investment banking transaction separate from sale and trading . erin of course . ABBY do you have contact with Michael connor three day before the cachet offer ? erin I be sorry -- do I need a lawyer ? ABBY well essentially we be you lawyer . for the moment . erin right . I speak to Michael that night , briefly , about a colleague . ABBY you do not discuss the cachet deal ? 152 153 103 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) erin no . what do Michael tell you ? ABBY Michael connor no longer work at the firm . Erin 's face . she be not expect this . int . reception outside randall 's office . day 152 naomi see one of the slick Channing trust banker from the original pitch leave randall 's office , hr woman at he side . he glance up , nod cordially to naomi . she just stare at he . Marches past he . int . randall' office . day 153 naomi enter . randall tug on a jenga block . the tower quiver but remain stand . naomi that be he ? you new Global head ? randall ( look at the block ) thing about this game be , no matter how you play , it always come crash down in the end . naomi look at I . have the respect to look I in the eye and tell I if that man out there be my new boss . he look up at she . randall this department need a new face . naomi do not give I that -- randall you lose control of the story ! 154 155 104 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) naomi cachet will rally . look at Facebook . randall naomi . it 's like I tell you . this just be not go to be you year . she stare at he , simmer . naomi yeah ? when be my year ?? tell I , when be my fuck year ?! randall say nothing . she look at he , realize that she day be not go to come , not within this wall . she take a deep breath . she turn to the jenga block , and take the exact one she want , cause the tower to topple . int . remson office . day 154 naomi walk through the bank , she head hold high , still hold the jenga block . when she get to she office she see that a security guard be already wait for she . she hand he she blackberry . she look around she office . a pot plant . a coffee mug . a dish of mint . the lucite trophy , one for each successful deal . she do not take anything with she . int . michael' office . day 155 Erin hurry towards Michael 's office . a female security guard be pack up odd and end . Erin stop in the doorway , watch . Trader 1 approach . trader 3 lucky bastard . erin Michael ? trader 3 get a job at titanite . erin the hedge fund . female security guard that 's where the big buck be this day , huh . 105 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) she take a tin of chocolate espresso bean out of a desk drawer . female security guard ( cont ’d ) coffee bean ? Erin just shake she head . 156 int . naomi 's office . day 156 Erin approach naomi 's office only to see that she too be go . Security be take the computer . Erin watch a moment . teddy and Bill approach , stand next to she in silence . erin .+- do you see she ? teddy nobody want to say goodbye . bill what happen to the rest of we ? teddy well apparently , Erin be move up in the world . she look at he , surprised . teddy ( cont 'd ) my uncle call I this morning , ask about you . I tell he you be a pro . erin thank you . teddy they have get some huge deal come up . he want to know if you give 100 % . Cause he say this thing would be you whole life . so I tell he , that 's you dream . Erin just look at he . she glance down , and realize she hand be rest on she belly . and she nod . 106 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) 157 ext . remson office . day 157 naomi exit the bank . the building look huge and impose behind she . she glance up at it . and start to walk away . 158 int . channing trust build - lobby . day 158 Sam enter the gleam lobby . 159 int . channing trust build - office . day 159 Sam face a glossy corporate lawyer . corporate lawyer you do have a reputation for be a bit ... unorthodox . Sam try to turn this into a positive . SAM I try to get the job do however I can . the corporate lawyer nod , intrigue . corporate lawyer this would be a big transition for you , come over to the corporate side ... SAM the thing be , I need to make some money . I have a family , and ... no , it 's not even that . the truth be ... I want to make some money . 160 int . remson trading floor . day 160 we hear Sam 's word continue over the image of the trading floor . SAM ( v.o . ) you want I to say something a little more nuanced ? something about my dream , and my passion ? I can . but money do not have to be a dirty word ... * 162 162a 163 107 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) int . naomi 's apartment - kitchen / live room . day 162 naomi , dress casually but chic , enter the apartment , with a box . naomi 's phone buzze . she check , see Michael 's name . naomi hit '' ignore '' on the phone . she rip open the box and pull out a new fish tank , which be separate into three section by glass wall . she look at the instruction on the box : caution : betas must be in divide tank , fatality will occur . int . naomi 's apartment - kitchen / live room . later 162a Three bright fish now swim in each section of the tank . naomi , in pajamas , watch the fish as she drink she coffee and eat chocolate chip from the bag . she have a tiny gauze bandage on the spot on she neck . she look around the apartment a minute , she gaze fall on she close laptop . her eye fall on she punch bag in the corner . suddenly she get up and cross to it . she lunge forward , hit the bag hard . she hit it again and again , hurt she bare hand . she reach for a small bag contain she glove , pause a moment to read lettering on the bag : '' a champion be someone who get up when he can not . '' Jack Dempsey naomi pull on she glove . ext . golf course . dawn 163 John stand in a wide vista , tee up . from a great distance , he see naomi slowly make she way over the green . he watch she come closer . she stop a few foot away from he . she wear jeans and a sweater . her hair be loose around she shoulder . she look beautiful in the early morning light . he nod to she . 164 108 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) JOHN you be here to play ? she shake she head . naomi no . she wave she hand at the course . naomi ( cont 'd ) I be not ready for all this . I be not do . he nod . JOHN good . naomi I have get a proposal for you . JOHN yeah ? you set up shop ? what 's the strategy ? she smile . naomi walk with I . she take he arm . they walk together over the green . over credit : 164 we see a graph tracking the cachet stock from open day over the next few week . the stock have begin to rally ina steady upward climb . bloomberg reporter and there be murmur on the street that banker naomi Bishop may be set up she own shop in private equity . a potential lp the new venture tell we that Bishop be develop innovative idea for new market opportunity ... we pull back to see more graph , tracking more stock , tracking the overall market as it dip and soar . 109 Green Rev. ( 07/15/15 ) fade out