a miramax INTERNATIONAL equilibrium librium direct arb written by kurt winer produced by Jan de bont Lucas Foster # television screen a a documentary . image from the ravaging war of we century . television narrator . 4 -.. for decade , for no hatter reason than mutual contrempe , civilization hover on the brink of nuclear wer . people in eastern Europe massacre each other over forget cultural grudge . * tensiona have again escalate 's be the familiar refrain ... mow image of chemist diligently work in lahz ... harrator it became inescapable - 1 for man be to survive inte the future , he must find & way '' 6 govern he emotion before they gevern '' he inte roan-sxistence ... but it be lest on fre figure in the foreground of this subursan live room . raggec , desperate - a modern - day pirate - he gently , almost levingly , place a scratch black platter ontoa a old blayskool recort player . ( > watch , mesmerize , ag the dise goas round and a child 's lullaby - bushabye Street - beging to eka out the set 's tinny epeakera . his Adam 's epple rise , knotting ... abruptly , he eye snap out the window . scereech arcund the distant corner , a phalanx of folice car . forgetting the lullaby , he move . # int . room - day the man 's spiritual brecher sit here scattered . Long braid hair some , tatten other , pierce all , they sit tell joke , play card , laugh with each other . b De not be deceive . they be , in fact , a roll army . wolf , live on the move , take what they need where they find it . the door flisea open , the man burst in . mah police ! 1 a '' at the wiridew , seamus clancy . handeoma and brilliant heyond @ : he year , hit he foot millisecond ahead of hia man , fage 2 seamus you know what to do ! they jump to it , snatchine up the canvase that lean againsr the wall around the room . . 3 van gogh' sonflower , monet 's # aystacks ... munch 's scream ; some of the great artwork of mankind in the hand of this crimingla ... in the strast belew cutside , unmarked police car be screeching wep at the curk . , drop a shotgun from beneath he coat seamus shack ! in the first snell . and face hia man . around the room , every heart be pound , #very chest rise with taw emation . ' searus it all enme down to this . ext . quiet neighborhood - day and , under che soothing straing of hushabye Street , it dee . a swarm of yellow - jackat , the police car slam the curb outside tha house . the front deor fly open ... first man ayaaaaar !! 1 the desperadce come stream out paponwipafow ! gang blaze , apread cut across che lawn , open fire without quartar on the law enforcer who ... return fire with automatic weapon , bullet thicken the air , chew the house , cartwheel great tuft of sod as one by one , across the lawn , seamus 's man begin to drep . in what seem nothing more than a moment , they be all dewn and special tactic team be swarm past they die body up the step and into the house .... tactic commander galgo / ga : . the sound af gunfire erupt within the house . at the curb , @ black sedan stop . out of it , step a mam . he survey the house with a keen eye thoughtful quiet , soothing to look ak . jomn preston look the hit partner emerge out the other side of the car - partridge . page 3 int . house - day they move quickly , quietly inside the front deor . sound of cunfire ringing through distant part of the- house . 5 a wlance axchange . year of experience there . int . house - day synchronize , like a machina , presten and partridge move silently through the house . a desperado step abrupely out of a doorway ahead , shotgun mot a inch from fartridge 's head . pow ! , almost before he aven appear , breaton have pur hin down with & bullet to the brain . the two lock at seach other . clos , . int . house - day they reach a gight anot of police forme , cluster cambat- style outside a close door at the end of a hall . the officer in charg , quickly approach , speak in whisper . . officer in charge light we . May be as many ag a dozen inside . Preston nod . preston dace ehe deor 's down , blow the bulne . the o.1.0. nod , snap he finger at the security force , who scramble to take position , Preston stand , eye close for a moment , leveling he breathe . two officer quickly place pistol imte hie hang hand while three mere take position at the door - zeroing the hinge and leck with shocgun ... ome deep , steady breach . Preston open he eye . mode . papow ! pow ! pow ! the three officer blow out the hinge int . rogm / a doorway of light open into a world cf black ag the dark slab of the deor collapse inward under the foot of a silhouetted figure in 8 flow dark coat , bablam ! the security force blow the light behind , raining down fiery red spark as everything drop to pitch black . at page 4 '' bow ! padapow ! por ! like a sering of for fira-cracker , the darkness goe off with the etreboscopic action of John presten 's gun , punceuate ehe dblask world inre a disectheque of ingstantaneowe spit-fire globe of Light ao black world define by flest retinel - burst image of he adversary slamm the wall #ith the impact of he bullet . and then , three blind second and thirry bullet later , bis gun fall silent and blackness rule again . behind he , flashlight strob . into the darkness from the hall as the police force enter the room - fresh young face mirrore they astonishment as they counk the fall . werdlessly , Preston turna and exir . t int . house - day the dust have sertle now . it be quiet . fpraston be meat in the battle - scar main hall by the tactic Commander and he team who have secure the upper fleer . tactic commander House be clean . we find norh . Preston nod , take in every detail from floor of ceiling . prestok clear it . the tactic Commander glance at partridge - who nod with gimpla gravity . the tactic Officer jump to it , ushere he man stream out . Preston turn to look briefly to fartridae ... int . kitchen - day preetan stand in the kitchen , take it in , feel it . a man lie dead , half on the kitchen table , half off ..- but he take no noarice , so intent he communion with the room . int . upper room - day he stope in the doorway of a ampty sacond fleor room . Light eking sickly through a dusty window . he standa for a long momant , feel the air . prestom this be it . fs 7 page '' '' partridge nod to the special term whe move quickly up . partridge where ...7 Preston nod the a space in che middle of the floorboard , * cover by a threadbare rng . preston / there . . . - the special team jump quickly to it ; stripping away the rug , splintering up the floerboard with crowbar . revealing , within a jag hole , atop many other similar | fize canvassea , the monut ligh . smiling back at cham with she quy smile . specisl team back off to let a man rith glass through . he kneel at the edge of the hole , swab a edgé of the painting with 6 f+tip and dropa it inte a emall test tube . he shake it , study the reactant chemical . turn , nodd with gravity at freston . chemist it 's real . withowt tume , Preston say to the conélagration teat whe step abruptly in beside he with flame thrower : . preston burn it - whooosh ! the two conflagrartion unit unleash & torrent of flame inte the jag hole . [ gnite the great painting in burn petroleum jelly . . Preston turn wordlessly and walk cut . he ip we hero . partridge linger for a moment , stare at mona Lisa 'o amile as it curl up in the flame along with a billion dollar of mankind 's other great artwork . int . police vericle - day Preston and partridge ride in ailence in the back of the ~ vehicle , watch the quaint , *ilent neighborhood go by . odd , but there be not a soul to be see in this neighborhood . every door have be paint with a plaque - era black ' t’ , and avery ech or so house , have be burae to the ground ... page 6 but it seem to make no impression on Preston . he look over at partridge , he partner 's strong jaw tense , contemplacive , as he stare out the window at the empty , pass neighborho . $ Preston study he partner of many year . thare be thing Preston can know by simply leok 2t a person that would border on mind - read for the rest of we . prestor you be think aomethe ... partridge blink over from the window . partridge oh ... mo ... nothing ... he shake he head , gesture the vacan= neighborhood . partridge why do not wa just burn it all to the ground - and be do with it ? preston resource be tight . a uneontrolled '' fire im che go could spread eo the city . partridge nod . sure ... bure ... ahead , out the windshield , the suburhan neighborhood abruptly end , as though crush in mid-thought by a giant stone iaor . a massive gate gird by massive wall some 75 feat tall and stretch off out af sight in either direction like the great Wal ] of China . ater the gate , carve in qramite , massive stone hitlerfian letter proclaim lizria . and , in smaller acript below that : librium ast iibercas : stand atep the precipice , a sentry clad in white watch through the featurelea biack glass of he helmet as Preston and fartridge 's car be check through the gate below . barrel of he white - metal machinegun follow as the car pass from the fade flower that be the Zone ... through the vast , open doore ... to the vista of a vast walled cityscape . nothing less than a stun constructiviat black and white geometry . : 1 page 7 libria . Le corbusier 's " machine for live in 's . cold and beauriful . br bichromatic masterpiece in which more have heen do with : the elegant simplicity of black and white than ocherg who have go before have manage with all the spectrum of the rainbow ..-. and unlike the ' neighborhood - geal off like East Berlin - the city be teeming with people . a peaceful mass - flow with gqudet fluidity . preston , in the car , watchea a family prepare the cross the ptreet . Father , mother , Son , deughter , hold hand ... wallt for che Light to change . be his caze stay on they - longer maybe , Chan warrant . abruptiy 4 sharp weeping blink he out of he momentary bream . he join the other in the car as they raige they wrist and flick off they alarm , all beep in concert . wordlagesly , around the vehiclsa , the man flip open white case mark with morning ard evening slot for each day . with mechanize routineness , each extract shis evening * 's glass ampule - mark even 6/18 ... - preston {reflective ] every time we make this drive into the city - it hit I . inad ) how very far we have come . partridge do not look up as he chick he vial into the small pneumatic syringe tuck into the bottom of he oasae . partridge we have ? Preston icok sharply ever - not certain he hear correctly . cock he head . preston I beg you pardon ? there be a-pneumatic pop ! as partridg® and the other inject themselves . finally , be turn to look at freeton a Frank mamant - eye search . than ~ simply - node , preston we have . ak rage B sraston hold on he @ narrow instant . but be interrupt as the Driver look . suddenly over hie shoulder . driver + excuge I - a pituation at che stad - do we want to stop ? ext . stad libria - day a great surge of applause risep as partridge and Preston _ proceed tapidly through the two great stone column that form the gateway to the city 's vast communal stadiun . the stands ar® pack with intent on - ljooker as , on -field , corps of black - unifarm , tow -headed child be go through a synchronize martial choreography .-. t the crowd , ten thougand - eeveng , applaud , enjoy che epactacle thorougnly . Preston and partridge be meet immediately by two white - clad sweeper who fall inte quick lack - step with chem . shesper we can not take the snot without endangering people ... Preston node , on it . preston show I . ext . stadium common - day just outeide the stadium - sroper , Preston and fartridge ara lead through & large knot of concerned - lock people inte a OPEN space ringed by armed sweeper ... ... all give ample space to a sweat - slickened , desperate man who hold a gun and be railing at the surrmuid crowd . man you stupid fuck ! look be you ! you nre sheep ! Fucking sheep ! . pow ! he fire a shot over they head , the crowd flinch , but dd not budge . . man you see ] you gee ! what kind of fuck reaction be that ! . at kis feer liea a dead woman . bellet in she heart . Preston ' and partridge exchange a glance . - i — — lt page 9 ' Preston unhelster he own gun , hand they to he partner . and step out inte the ring . a murmur travel through the crowd . the man snap the gun round towards he . Preston raise he hand . 3 preston sassy . Ho one here meang you any hear . man well they shovld / powl he fire another shot over ' the crowd . they flinch again , but remain roote . man you seel ?! t terowdl hello ? salt ? I just kill my wife . she fuck another man # 0 1 kill she . he jook very particularly at Preston , man . I be a menace to you fuck up society . a displease murmur ripple through the crowd . preston a menace maybe ... ferowd ) but your wreng about they . thia be something that work . setter than it ever have . mart Works !? 1 all this freaking sheep should be run for they life ! shit theiz pants ; feel tercify , feel scared for they fuck life ; feel something . : preston like what you be feel now ? the man grind silent , Preston 's word hit home . Preston take a step forward . _ preston " fetowd ) look at they ... in spite of himaelf , the man do . uniike he , éveryone healthy , relaxed - leok , innocent , in balance . page 10 a preston what 's miss ? stress ? Depression ? can you remember , in you whole life , ever see a overweight person ? he shake hie head . preston bil the reason to overeat - anxiety , worry , wrhappiness - all go . Fe take a step forward . preston _ aleng with sadness , anger , hate ..- he look at the dead woman at the man 's foot . eack ... ' preston teelousy . the fan 's angty facade strain . struggle . beginning to break . mant what the fuck go you want from I ... preston all I want - be for you to stop shaking . the man lecke at -him - surprised at the compassionate word . Preston . take another step . preston iowant you to stop ... dread ... I want you of stop .-- raging inaide ... in spite of himself , the man swallow hard . Preston stop tlet -a yard away ~ close fist rise up between they . the man tense he _atip on the gun - but prestor dee not blink . : preston . tt want the rush in yout orain - all of it ... like a flower , hia fingere bleom apen . ~ preston ae . to stop . in he open palm - glint '' . a ampule of golden liquid . librium . the man hold 'on it + tear brim into he eye . 2 faga 11 suddenly , faster than etheughe , Preston stripe the gun we of hia hang and slam he the the concrete . instantly , the sweeper swarm the man , gag and bind he with stun swiftness , ' the crowd politely applaud . Preston 's aye meet partridge 's in the crowd , Preston amiy , parcridge do not . ext . palace of justice - dusk aogreat eadifice , at whose crest . be a greac white ' T. int . office of the vice - council - dusk preston stand at attention before a desk situake at the end of a yast hall ac which a man in a elegan suit sit stamp the crest of the tetragrammaton - a ornate ' T * onto qa stack of parer . behind he a great ' t’ have be cut through the wall and the gun 's get raya blaze through ic . preston 's 's eye fall on a lavish globe of the earth standiag in a ornate pedestal by the desk . across the continent of North America , ' libria ' igs print in a ornate script ... and , fade around the sphere , other name , xxylyxx , entzopia , and cther , mark the lesser continent betbing aside he papers , the man look preeten over a keen moment , assess he . man thank you for come , cleric . 1 assume you know who I be ? . preston yee Sir . qf course , sir. you be vice - Council dupont of the third councillary of the tetragrammaton . you be Father 's voice . dupont ( thoughtfully ! yes ... loam at that . ( sit back ) I have hear a great deal about you , Preston . they say you 'ra the veritable fourth horseman cf the tetragram , that you be taise from childhood in the cleric monastery , school in the arte of intuition and strife , that there be to one . better . page lz preston I do only what I can , Sir . dofont they also cell I you - be deeply empathetic . that you can find contraband wherever it may be hide ; you have a noze for it ... + preston i've a good recerd , sir. vice -council burfoot cansider he a moment . : dupont why do you imagina that igs , cleric ? - preston I ... ifm not sure vice -council . I juer ~+- put oyselt in they position . where would I conceal illegal material . _ dupont if you have mease you librium interval . tf you be ... a sense offender ... preston yes Sir , ef acurse , Sir . dupont consider Kim with bright , intelligent eye . . dubont you be senior officer on a apprehension and recovery today ? preston 'e sar . in the restrict sone . oupont it be painting this fime be ic not ? preston yes sir. dupont and the result be ? preston combustion , Sir . ag always . ° upon kew do you feel about that ? Preston blink at he a confuse moment . paga 13 . . preston I be ... sorry . I do not understand . dupont how do you feel - watch that oy paincing burn . sublimare eway ince invisible gas - never again to be laid upon by human #ye . preston ( stall confusad ! I ... do not feel anything - lwas just do my joh . - dupont yes ... yes , of course you be . he consider a moment . refocus on Preston , dupont you be a family man ? ohild ... 7 preston a bey anda girl , Sir . the bey be in the mongstery - on path to become a cleric . dupont very gomd - and ... the nother ? preston my spous® be arrest and incinerate for sense offense four year age , Sir . bogpont iosee . by yourself ? Preston hasitates a micro-instant . . preston Mo Sir . by another . dupont really ? how do you come to misg it ? presto I ... I have ask myself that same question , sir. I ... I do not know . dupont focus on he vary intently for a deep moment . . dupont bo net let you vigilance flag , cleric . you may stil ] be neadad in this battle . something in . the very specific way he say it give Preston 4 be page 14 twinge . he node ... preston yes sir. : dupont wave a hand , dismiss he , Preston hesitates ah instant - then turn sharply on he heel and walka out . ert . palace of justice halfway down the palatial atep , he drift to a stop , blink into the space before he . remember something . int . desk sface - hall of enforcement - night empty this time of night . Preston sit watch digital replay of fhe cay vide back from the apprehension and recovery ¢n he desk monitor . prestok's image every time we make this driva into the einy - dt hice I ( nod ) how very far we have come . partrioge's image we have ? freeze it - he play partridce 's quiet line again . partridge's image we have ? his face ila turn partially from the camera . Preston consider then switch to surveillance replay from the stadium . preston 's & image easy . no one here mean you any farm . man' image well they should ! pow ! he fire another shet aver the crowd . praston frasz the image . nena of the enforcer or people - in the backoreund have move or start in the siightest . except one . . Preston toom in on the grainy image of tha ong man who , with 4 look of diseimct alarm , have reach fer hie gun . partridge . afraid fer he partner - draston 's - life . ae th page 15 praston ponder this very human reackion , frazen on he screen , for a long , very dark time . int . locker room - night 5 he stand before a locker mark ' partridge 's . feel with he finger the tumbler that locke it . with a crowbar , he crack it open . int . apartment corridor - night Preston stand crowded into the dimly light hall with a team of enforcers . ha knock sharply at the door . preston cleric partridge ! open : up / nothing . he mod to the enfarcement team who blow cff the hinge and gue atream in . int . fartridge's adsartment - night Preston steng the live unit as the search team flow in arcund he - move into the back room to tear it bo piece . int . corridor = night sound of the catastrophic search co on in the apertment behind , Preston fade cut inte the hall . he pause , feel the air - commind mge with it . his aye fall on the light fixture - the only prominent abject in the otherwise featureless hallway . move immiitively to it , he touch it . feeling ite leoseness , he twist it sideways ... revealing , lie hide in the space in the wall behind it . a huge supply of unused librium . Preston stare at he partner 's death warrant . ext . gat 34 - 8 - wight a smal ] convoy of vehicle pull to the tower edifice of gate 34 - b the the unlit darkness of the Zone . the armed Guard snap to attention . preston you confirm he come through this gate ' this evening ? be fage 16 guard yes Sir . qur record show §:10 p.m. and Sir ... : he hesitates . * preston speak . guard well Sir , we assume it be enfercement related . he 's be come through every night for the last two week ... Preston absorb thig a mortal beat . put the window back up , he wave toa the drivar and the convey - roll past , under the keen gaze of a sweeper crew in ite distinctive white uniform , and through the massive gate of 34 - 8 , ext , the zone - night the car sit , just the idle rumble of its ignition in the silence of 4 great empty intersection in the unlit dead city . . brandt , Preston 's freshly assicned partner , a handsome young man , sit in the shadew of the driver 's saar . he lock to Preston - a eagerness in hig eye . brandt I hope you be as pleased to be assign I as I be for the placement . I be tell it 's a career - make advancement . Preston say noch , silently surveying the abandon city . by sifting through the silhouetre of the building . brandt mot that it 's the only reason I '' pleased to be here . you be tha most intuitive of tha grammaton cleric . everyone know it . I be intuitive too . it gan laarm from you . how the focus . 8a that I mise no detail . . so thet I know when they be fealing before tney even know it themselves /.. a long beat , finally , quietly , Preston speak . nedding teward the dazk aspire af a great , deaq cathedral catch in the distant moonlight . , " preston he 's there . fage 1 ? 4 int . cathedral - zone - night roreal cathedral - a still - stand relic from age - go - by . fartridge sit in the front pew , candle light on either sive , read a dog - eared paperback . the great cathedral door behind he creak open . : his eyaa neither rise nor turn ... only continue to read as che footetep approach achoing down the aizle . preston step alene in front of big partner . partridge you always knaw . you just could not bring yourself the admit it . with che tip of fis gun , Preston raise the cover of the book . the fobtry of yeat . partridge ever have the pleasure ... preston have you lose you mind . partridge ( raad ] but 7 , be poor , have oniy my dream ; zi have spread my dream under pour foot : tread soitiy bacaue you tread on my dream . fleck up} to assume you dream , Preston ? preston you have get to come with I . partridge only look back at hin , spatter in the color moonlight splintering down through the cathedral 's great , brosen stained glass wheel . . partridge hew can you be immune the it , John ? presten logke up to the great window . back . immune to it . preston you have to comé with I . I / 11 de what I can to see they go easy on you . * " partridge we both know - they mever go easy on anybody . a steady silence as the two man regard each other in the page 18 flicker eandlelight . preston {finally } then I be sorry . + but partridge just sadiy shake he head . partridge ne. you be net . you do not even know the meaning . it 's just a vestigial word for a feel you have never feel . Preston be silent . partridge do not you gee , Preston - it 's go . everything that make us¢ewhak we be ; trade away . : preston I be what I be . there 's no war . wo murder . paztridge search he eye through the color gloom . . partridge woat be it you think we do ? a hard silence . Preston 's teath grind . anyone elee would be gead already . : freston you be wrong . you have be with I ; you have geen now it can bé . jealousy and rage . anger. hate ... slowly , sadly , silently , partridge nod . partridge a very heavy cost his hand fall to a dark object in he lap ... : partridge I pay it gladly ... Preston dee , in the moonlight 'a celorad glint , that the ebject ig partridge's gun . his hand rest om ir ... Preston pull he own qun up in line with partridge 's myas . that eye look past the gin - up inte he own eye . bs then partridge raise the open book . between they eye ... ending the conversation . forever . be a 7 page 13 a in he lap , he thumb ¢lick ! cock back the hammer on he gun . a @ternal moment ... poy ! preascon put a bullet throvgh the book . his friend erumple behind it in che mute enlar of the shadow . ' Preston look for a moment at the dark form of he former partner and friend huddle in the pew before he . ari seal a strange , unsettle chill . something , soma etranga , distant voice knock on the door ef he wiconseiot , turn , he sess a dark figure stand in the doorway of the cathedral - watch he . that figure take one step forward inte the splinter mecnlight . brandt . a feral excitement in he eye . ext . preston' quarter - night the ear polis the a step at the eurh befare che concrete bunker bhat comprise the fen chousand unit building that containg the cubicle that Preston life in . peeeton step out . brandt 's vaice float out of the car . brandt cleric ... presion glance momentarily back . brandt ' 's sa eye be 's bright . brandt I could only hope to one day be as uncompromising ag you . and , pull the door shut , he drive off . Preston watch aiter he a moment . within he , something ... not quite right . ist . preston be untt - night aten year -old boy , dress in the severe black uniform of the cleric youth , the same uniform of the child at the ptadium , sit at che kitchen table work from schooltexts , om a television , of man speak frankly into the camera , television / man io be Father . he smile . television / man you be Father . a al . page 20 4 and change - seamlessly - inca a woman . television / woman . he je Father , we be Father . 4 then a boy . television/20y she be facher . ' they be Father . whe become a young girl . television / girl Father be everywhere . — thes# be the facee of libria , always change , alwaye playand , everywhere , all the time . ; as Preston come through the door , the boy , he ten year - old son , robeie , legke up . : . preston Lisa 's asleep ? robeiz yes . for about ean hour . frascton neds , hang up he enat . deging flipping through the mail . : . preston School , how be it ? robbie good , thank you . work ? Preston pause , realize the boy be watch he , intently dnteresced in anything he might tell about he day . and he be strike - by how oddly hard it be to say .. , preston my partner stop take he dose . he have to be destroy . the boy perk . robbie you ? by you ? the thinnest beat . preston yes . ae fage 21 . Robbie look back at he - eye bright . robbie I be very proud . + Preston dog not know why - but say this next word feal like climb a mountain . preston thanks . int . bedroom - night wife long go , freston lie down on one side of a bed make for two . the other side vacant . he stare at the wall for a long time before close he eye . int . bedroom - dawn hig eya blink opan . Dawn . ' find mimeelf still crawd onte hie side of the bed . it 's . the way he hag sleep every night since hie wife be taker . but , for some reason , this morning - he notice ic . be make he way inte the tiny nachroom . just a sink , a todlet and a small personal maintenance mirror . open # drawar , ha pull cut he bose case and , flipping it open , withdvaws tha ampule tarke morning 6/17 . ha sete it on the counter and bende the brush he teath when a tinkling crash bring he eye up . he see , to he surprise , that , with he arm , he hes knock the morning 's dosage off the counter onte the concrete floor . it lie thern - shattered . he stare for 4 moment ak the tiny pool af liquid and glass on the floor . voice what be you do ? he tuim , startle . robbie atanda there in he uniform , already ready to go eo school . the boy' eye move to the pool of amber and glass oo the floor . shaet ing charply back up to he father 's . robbie woo io say what be you daing ? page 22 . . preston Zo ... ef accidentally drop my morning interval . I ... fperplex ) . ioteok it out before I brush my tooth ... 4 he look at the boy , somewhat haffle . : . freston . I never take it out before I brush my tooth ... the ten year - old holde on he a narrow moment . robbie ef course you will go by equilibrium , leg the lea and get a replacement ... preston yes . of course . the bey linger a instant tonger - then , satisfied , leava . freston 's #ye retuim to the enigmatic amber pool #vaporate pif he bathreem floor . preston of course ... ent . kitchen - morning ' when Preston enter , rebbie and Preston 's sven year -old daughter lisk be already sit eat breakfast . creston sit down tp he food . . robbie thiea come . he hand he father a piece of paper . robate 4a senae offender here in the city . you partner 's to pick you up at 16 for the air . Preston hold on the boy who be beam . he nod preston thanks ... and , for some reason unable to hold he son 's eye , he own move to hig daughter Lisa whe , bored , be amusing herself by skeir she cereal and watch it swirl around the bowl . robbie , see Preston watch he sister , immediately fix page 23 the girl with a dark look . roheie step that . : '* fhe girl look furtively to she father ... shen return to eat with the sama machanical torpor as she brother . tht . pupont 's office ~- morning : Preston stand before vice council dupont who be make hand - write nete . bupont this be strictly routine , you understand ... preston '' do uncerstand , of course . dopont you encounter you partner , errol partridge within a cathedral in the yesttictad searay ... preston that 's correct . dopont hew would you deseribe hie state of mind ? preston ' he wag ... amationsl . buport oglances up} emotional ? freston he be .. , : ( think ! +> Net make rational decision . he be , I believe , govern by ... pageiong . dupont se you shot pin . freston destruction be che penalty for cessation of the dose . the penalty for fesling . dupont unquestionably . but priey co destruction could he not conceivably havea heen interrogate by more systematic , by more page 24 a - clinical mean here at the Palace of duetice ? potentially lead to ¢rucial evidence ? possibly aven confederata ? Preston hesitates a instant . partridge ? ' clinical 's 4 interrogation ? he feel a flush of confusion . preston I ... feel he world oot come willingly . . it be likely that damage to either ' myself or my backup would have reault , fopcnt . ( consider ) yes ... yes ... and , jm any cage , I suppose somsthing like thay could not have be easy in the fir : place ...- ! preeton {eff quard ) I be ... 80rzy ? dufont shoot this man , wher you would spend so much time with . he be what you might call a friend , be he nek ? preston thesitates ) dupont please - speak openly . what do you feel ? freston ( harden ) I feel ne@thing . . atter 4 study moment , dupont sita back . doupoxt you have ait o'clock arrest and recovery ? Preston be surprised . preston yes Sir , I be just inform this moraing . dupont then 1 suppose you would better hurry - that be , if you expect cto make the Hall of equilibrium first . Preston be doubly startle . dupont emilé faintly . pact 25 dupont there 's very Little I do not know , Preston . Preston hesipates a instant , come to grip with it - chen , with a abrupt nod and a click of he heel , he nod , turn and head for the door . ext . hall of eqguili&rium - day Preston pause on the sidewalk outside the maseive frite | langian edifice - deeply engrave with the sclemn word ball gf equilibrium and the motte ' librium eft libertas 's . be 's masa ively gtark concrete columna rise upwards , susulder upon which the mighty building sit . . t int . hall of equilibrium - day : frescon stand in line . on either side , as far up and as far down as he can see , streteh similar line . multitudes of people . wait of get they librium replacement . on tanitor lining the wall - the change face of libria ... face of librta you be Father ; we be Father ; Father be everywhere . 2 . he glance at he watch . shift impatiently . look around . Mo one oise seem impatient . he glance at he wateh again . aimest ten . the ling mova one person closer to the windew . two more people and he all finally be there . he glance at hia watch again . still almest ten . the line move one forward . abruptly , he step out of the queue and head for the door . a proctor encounter he before he have make a dozen step . froctor Sir , be everything okay ? preston - {quickly } no , no , everything 's fine . I be just late . I be kate ... h@ step around the proctct , walk backward towards the dear now as he continue to explain , tapping he watch ... . . freston bate . I will be back later ... page 26 ' and he be go . leave the proctor stare curiously after . ext . hall of equilibrium - day hs Preston come down the etep , a car skid up to the cusk , passenger door swinging open . brandt ig hehine the wheel . brandt just in time - hep in . Preston , surprised , lock into the car for a mement . then , without much choice , not get in . . int . car - day brandt guide the car inte traffic . brandt , how're the line ? . presten leok at he - what ? branct the linea . they be always terrible at that place . I be surprised you be able to get you dose and ger we 50 quickly . yeston hepitate , suratisec at how much he know . preston they be ... they ware Fine . modding , brandt reach ingide he coat , pull out he gun and chetking it as he drive . . brandt maybe t'11 drop by later . I get om the scale this morning . do you know I have lest nearly 20 pound in the last # 8 month ? waturally , I x11 want to go by and have my dose adjust . . preston well pou ... should not have much prebleno , he watch as brandt snap he gun close , rehelster it . preston expecting resistance ? brandt locke at he . snilep thinly . brandt that 's sodethe you ' 11 find I , cleric . I be 4 wary person , . cautious by nature . always expect the worst . page 27 4 wt int . rouse - libria - day 84m ! a deor explode inward aff its hinge ag the batter ram team make way for preston and brandt enter the ‘ouse . ? Preston 16 imm@diately accost by a furious dark - haire woman come at he dewn the hall woman you cam 'o do this ! you cangoc do this ! Preston brushes past she . preston we be tetragrammaten ; there 's nothing we can not da . - her eye go dark and she charge hia . womb you son of a bitch ! he easily duck har charge and , grab she , twist she arm around behind she , growl into she ear . : prestch how long save you bean off the poser she dea not anéwer , shaking with emotion and anger . preston leask af you . he spin she around by she twisted arm to face a omate unregistered mirror in the hall . preston leck at you ! i. . taey both stand there , in the illegal airror 's reflection . , his face look over she shoulder . and hers , flushed with emorion , strand of wavy dark hair drift wildly into blaze eye ... lip red. full ... Preston catch himself stare at she ... abruptly , he release she . suddeniy find that he cannot hold she eye any longer . all he can think to mumble be ... '' preston look at you ... oe and leave she in brandt 's custody , he ahruptly turna and move inte the house . srandt watcHea after he . curiously . ac th qo page 22 int . house - oay Preston move ehrough tha house , search , feel ... brandt trail with the captive woman and several officer . * preston you live here alone ? fuming , she saya nothing . preston whe else da you know who 's cease thair librium interval ? . woman fuck you , how 's that ? Preston just neds . he can play it thac way tee . he begin measure off on of the wall with measure foovstep .... int . hall - day they follow he into the hall as he continusa , measure the well as he go ... : int . room = day and into the next room where he wrap around the doortrane , measure the distance the the wall . he turn to brande and the woman . loox at hey particularly . preston intezesting . the woman bitterly say nothing . clearly there be more distance between che rooma than there be wall between they . prearon neds to the wall of the room . . . preston tear it down . the demolition team jump the it with jackhammer , knock down the flimsy faux wall in a matter of gecond . a moment later ; through a rag bole , Preston step into ... tht . room - day ao hidden room . instantly , tha eye be assault with the uncustemary . sengation ef color . thing , jumble everywher . teddy bear , picture , painting , poster , wall paper , collage , toy , upbholater furniture ... everything that ' incite sensation , feel , emotion . everything we take for grant . everything forbidden . page 29 . tne collage of a entire life , stuff into one ciny reon . the three of they , Preston , brandt and the woman -. stand silencly in the clear dust . woman ( finally ) you be go the burn it , arent you -.. preston , - eventually . howavar , you cocld nor have accumulate al ] this py yourself . it will all be gort and axamine . by mean of clue and evidenca - wa 'il discover wha you confederate be . the woman stand there a etark moment , chest rise and fall ... abrupciy , she grab ! the gun of the nearest enforcer and sping it around on Preston . the Officer dive for she end brandt 's own gun snap out . but Preston knock ! hrandt agide even ag he gun gue off , shot firing wide , punch 's a small anole inte the becuciful , texture wallpaper . there be a ringing moment . ' then , regain he feat , brande look at Preston like he wae crazy . Preston look from the thwart woman sit pin againe the wall , eye afire , to brande . preston we neeo she . be all he can say . int . interrggation room - hall of enforcement - day Preston sit across from the woman in a windowless room . preston bo you have a name ? she be silent . stare sterily into the space between they . prestor tt do not matcer , you know . you be to be tuken to the Palace of justice from here . where , I be sure you know , few question remain unanswer . she remain mute , defiant ! : preston that ... fragrance . why do you do it ? why de you mur it on yoursell ? page 36 she respond again with imperial silence . reaching inte the pocket of he coat , he remove - small , beautiful , ornate - a art deco perfume decanter , take from she house . ; + he set it between chem . her eye hold on it perhaps a millisecond tou long . a baat . Preston push the emall treasure across to she . a instant of struggle . she take it , cradling its familier weight in she hand . , preston what 's you name ? she stare at che object in she hand another moment before draw 4 deep breath . t womah oterien ... Mary . - preston well Mary , you can either wait and tell the technician at the Palace of juetice , gr you can tell I now - who be you friend ? her eye rise . look back at he for the first time . impossibly steady . mary ( finally ) I '' wonder - if you have any idea at all what the word " fxiend " mean . Preston tighten a imperceptible instant - fartridge and dupent comiog back to hin . his composure recrystallice , preston theres nothing you do nor feel ? she only look back at he . preston guilt ? mary te I have do something wrong . but I have not . preston you have take it upon yourself to cease you interval . you have break the law . page 31 a mary | what law would that be ? the lew of nature say J should fael . ' that every atom of I be buiit for it . it 's a crime I go not use chemical to crush myself ? to y stop mysele from feel because you be afraid what I feel might be dangerous ? prestow . Excuse m' , at# '' you at al ) aware ... mary . ( step on he ) " of tha history of suffer grow cut of the epetional nature of man ' ? the manifest doctrinal : man 's inhumanity the man - all secause he can hate and lust - tage and covet . - t preston you sptak as though it 's somehow inacaurate . do you deny he 's torture , mutilate he way through he existence ? that until librium genocide have be the very legend of man ? she fs silenr . prestoy look at you - a blister . fear , anxiety - you like that ; feel that ?. she consider he a calm beat . leans across the table . mary let I ask you something ... and , startlingly , she reach forward and grasp one of he hand ince she own . her 'ye look inta he . mary why be you alive ? within fresten , for reason he can not even understand , every atom of he be electrify . he quickly pull he hand back from here , flustered . try tm cover -.. . , preston I be alive ... UT liva because ... he heaitate again , finally manage ... — _ preston as 2 cleric and citizen = have function . mary what function ? preston to ... safeguard the continuity of this , this great Society . ta sexve libria . mary it 's circular . you exlet to continue you existence . what 's the peine ? he lesk at she a long moment , pulse finally calming . preston what 's the point of your-existencte ? mary to feel . because you have never do it , you .can never know it . but it 's af vical as breath . and without it , without love , without anger , sorrow - breath be just a elack - biak . Preston consider she another long moment . preston and you be willing , by virtue of you own selfishness , to be a seed in the downfall of a function society ? mary I '' willing ts be a lec mere than the seed , iocan teil you . Im willing to be the endl , I be willing to be the sun - the wery water - if necessary . 4 tlummex beac frem Preston . , preston : then I have no choice but to remand you the the palece of justice for processing . she site back with a wry emile . mary '' brocess " ? you mean execution do not yau . he look back at she impassively across the cable . preston Processing . page 33 int . hall of equilibrium - day brandt stand impatiently in the long line to the dose window . he 's get a waye the go and he 's not happy about sy he stop & pass proctor . brandt twas tell the line be short today . proctor . I be sorry , Sir - there have not be less than a hour 's wait all day - he walk off , leave brandt watch after , a number of thought occur behind he grey eye . int . srestork '’s live room - night , prastom sit with he child in the live room , on the velevision , the face of libria_ face of libria you be Father ; she igs Father ; Father be everywhere ... he be attempt to read crom a thick volume entitle the manifesto , while rohbie and Lisa do homewnrk . but he cannot . fidgety . rastless . something bubbling inside he that will not , no matter how hard he -try , allow he to focus on the read of the bnak . finally , unable to take it , he slap it shut . his child lock sharply we . he hesitates ... finally : preston ( robhie} you ... report my breakage this morning ? robbie I do not , I *m sorry . I forget . Preston nod . swallow imperceptibly . then , not know what els® to do with himself , be rise . preston et 's okay . I chink I will ... qo the bed . and he walk quickly aut . rebbie and Lisa exchange a narraw glance . fage 34 + ig . bathroom - night Stark , Preston face himself in the mirror in he bathrocm . tezens of thought rush wibeckone through he head . impulsively , he push he finger hehind the mizror and + erack the mirror away from its aging glue on the wall , behind it , a cavity - bue no camera ... he look around - eye fall on the light fixture . he unserew it . nothing . eye ecan the bathroom again . nothing . ne other place a camera could he . so how do dupont know ... his eya fall on he dose case . t open it , he remove the vial mark for this night . raising the small amber vial alefe to the dim bere hulb above , he stare up inte its goldness . Long and deep . lose in it . librium . abruptly , for reason he do nor know , he put it beck in its ¢ase and , turing off the light , he exit to the bedroom . int . bedroom - cawh Preston awaken with a gftart . heart pound , face aglickensd with swaat . he nad be dream , 3a lock around , chest rise and fall dramatically - confuse . panicked , raising he hand to he chest , he touch he breast bone . he.can literally feel he haart pound inside he . .. he have never feel this feeling ... any feeling . rising , he go to the window , scratch away the thin , translucent paper that cover ali windowa in libria . he peer out acrese the stark , powerful geometry of libria 's roottep where the light of the sun be break . Dawn . bet . rooftop - dawn a few shove and the unused reoitep door shudder opan , allow Preston onto the rocf , he have never be up hare before . ne one have , really . drawn , he drift coward the reof 's edge . stering out at the great red rim of che SUN as it rise above the horizon , he gaze , mesmerize , as though he have never see it before . oslo | page . a and , in fact , taype he have not . mot really wee and it move he . sa much so that a tear breaka waprovoke out of bis eye , roll down he cheek . tremble , he finger comé up tea touch it . he leok at the unfamiliar 5 moisture bud on he fingertip ... confused ... mind beginning to turmoil ] ... turn , he run int . £f airwell - dawn ° - tearing down the stairwell . int . breston' abartment - dawn burst back into he cubicle . only to encounter lisa head down the hall from the bathroom . the girl turn , surtvise the see she Father frame in the doorway , panting . lisa . dad ... ? Preston stare at the girl a moment , catch completely off guard , at a less foc word , finally , he manage to get out preston go back ... go back tao bed ... she hold on he a beat ... then , with a shrug , she do . int . bathroom - dawn ee burst into the hathreem , quickly close the door and fumble for he li8rium case with shaking hand . get if open , he snatch out che morning 's dose , loadii it into the pnaumatic syringe as quickly as he tremble finger can manage , thrust it to he neck ..- but before he push the button that will release the seethe amber fluid into he carotid artery , and shut off this unendurable agsault of emotion he catch sight of himself im the mirror . raggard , poeumati¢c injector to he mack ... ext . subway platporm - morning Preston stand with the hundred of other morning commter wait on the platferm for the subway . his eye travel , search this around he . a hiss af hydraulics , the train pulle up and the crowd turn liquid low in threngh the open door . be be page 36 4 Preston be the last to board . a crack sound from under he shoe as he step off the platform and onto the train . two tiny glass vial leave < rush and unnotice on the concrete platform . 5 int , subway - morming the throng ride in pondersus silence . no person spaak . not person look at any other . Ali juak sit in they unquestion contentment . all but preston , whose eye move gecratly from face to face . from the elderly woman next to he . toa the young man . to the pretty woman - drink in thair detail . lika a vampire , every wrinkle , every contour , the shane of each hand , che length of each eyelash never before notice . see far the izst time beauty ... and ucliness , fascinate . ext . sidewalk - morning he waike through the torn ehyang - outwardly eslm , emotionless - but ingide , he haart a torrent of emotion , 2 weyitable hurricane raging inside of he . make he fez the first time unsure how to hele he nedy . uneceruain what to do with he eye . fearful at avery instant that he will give himsel ? away . int . wewspapser stand - morning he seek refuge at a newspaper stand . relieved . like a man hide in plain sight , he pick up a paper and pretend to read - try to calm he racing heart . he risk a glance up . find himself étare into the eye of another man at the stand - stare right back at . he , and in that instant , Preston know , fhis man ig feel too ! and it sgareg the shit out of he . orepping the paper , he turd and walke away ag quickly ps he can . ext . sidewalk - day until he can stand it no longer - and he retreate stride disintegrate into a run . he run . and run . finball through the crowd , people turn after he as he pass ... ext . alley '- day . finally find a breathless , heaart - pound refuge in a grim alley . he bury hie face in he bende - torment py a thousand collide amotion . fage 37 a then , suddenly , everything come welling up ingide he . he womit forcefully onta the alley floor . remain there , shaking , choke . tnt . hall cf enforcement - morning 5 lika a shattered puzzle , Preston have tentatively piece he composure . back together . he step inte the busy station . officer good morning cleric . | Preston manage a tight , curt ned ag he page . preston good morning ... the Officer glance up , look after him a curious momant . int , cleric desk - day Preston site at he desk . heart still peund like a jackhammer . his eyee fall on the desk . see fc for the first time as . uningpire . thing place in perfect orde , yee ... but Tet ... inspire . without even realize it , he begin rearranging the item on it . rearrang they to suit , wll ... he inclination . turn the stapler at a angie , put the paperclip hoider , the phone , slightly askew . voice what be you do ? Preston look sharply up . brandt stand there , eying he . brandt ( repeac ) what be you do ? preston I be ... rearranging my desk . brandt stand there the slight instant - consider he . brandt you do not like bhe way it be before ? Preston look back at the other man . be he testing he ? preston I have no feeling about it . I be merely ae * attemph to optimize . brandt continue lock at he anocher moment . then nod , ae though satisfied with the answer . he toss a square of peper onto the desk . * brandt . sense offender . hole up in y-bloc . ext . house - tre zone - day chaos . madness . gunshot . scream . a overgrown bur quaint house in the Zone . int . house it ig absolute insanity ag the enforcement team fight cheir way throogh the dark twist shadey of the house , try to take it hall by ball like a etrest five-fight . thair gunfire be retume , muzzle - Zlash in emoke . brand , ducking behind a wall , yell the Preston a few foot to the. rear . brandt I be go eo qol cover I ! abrunciy , a man , a sense offender , doma fly around the comer , scream like a banshee , wave a qun . he slam past branct and rung right inte Preston 's arm . blam ! brandt 's gun bark and the man go limp in Preston 's grasp . his fade aye connect with Preston 's as he slide lifeless dewn he torge ... Preston state at the dead man in he arm . then look , astodiane , to brandt who nod . brandt good grah , cleric . and , with a yell , he step around the comer sheot - several enforcement unit blaze away with he . Preston be leave alene - in the ringing aftermath . realizing he gtili held the dead man . leok into a face that , manent befora , fale . like he ... he quickly release the body . his hand . cover in bleed . blink rapidly . deeply , conflict , confuse . : - page 39 int . house - day the guifire and ecreama be go but fer the echoe now . every shot need , have be fire . every scream , silence . now Preston do he wark . wandering through the house * alone . search . smellirg we that place ... he fix on a wall . approach it , he gcratch at the plaster with a fingernail . it crumble away easily and , a moment later , he be step into a hidden room . instantly , the eye be assault with the uncustomary gensation of color . thing , jumble everywhere . picture , painting , poster , wall paper , collage , tey . upholster furniture ... he look around ... + a old Singer saw machine . a work of arr , really . he pick up a embroider pillow - '' bless this mess " tacky , yes , but to eye hungry for human expression . the high art - he allow he hand the fum along the edge of anlong , ornately carve table as he wove slowly through the room - past the frame ciccure of unrelated people , long dead - stop at a illustrate chiloren :s book . pick it up . he mutter the ritle ... preston " Mary . Mary , quite contrary . - -' he blink , eye lose momentary focus at the name 's association . . he shakea it off , eye catch something else . on the floor in the center of the room . semethe . a slight , almesc unnoticeable bulge beneath the shag carpet bend , he run he finger across it . voice sq this be it . he look sharply up . brandt stand there - surveying the cornucopia of memorabilia that be the room . Preston quickly straighten . preston taok like it .* re take one last lock at the room . ' than turn to che conflagration team bustle up bahind prandt . oo page 40 preston burn it . and ag he step out - they do . blast the roam with inginarate flame . 5 ext . house - day brendt work o4 paperwork on the hood of the car while Preston watch the house burn . even the flame be beautiful to he now . brandt you be think something ... | Preston lock over at he . echoes of he own word to partridge . brandt per on the shadew of a smile . ' brandt whenever someone 's presccupy , I can not help bot wonder why . my mature , I guess . pbraston hold che other man 's piercingly interrogative gaze for a moment . then shake he head . preston it 's nothing . brandt shrug and return to he paperwork . aeflectively ... brandt be you know - it 's the law of diminishment - if we keap Burning this contraband + one day there simply will not be any ce it jett . he locke up again , as if acbere by the theusht . branot who will be leave to watch ? thece be a profound beat between they - oddly uncomfortable . instead of answer , freston pick brandt 's gun up off the hood of the car where he have sect it ... and handa if co he . abrupely a officer comee fly around from the back of tha burn house . '' enforcer hey ! . get something out back ! page 43 . ext . kennel - day sresten and brandt stand with the enforcement team outside the fence of a kennel . more than a dagen dog of every description within , bay at the durning heuse . 5 erandt ishake head } this be not the first time we have sean this . why do they do in ? why do they . _ keep this animale ? ( leck the Preston } do they eat chem ? preston T could not tell you . . enforcement ~ bhat should wa do , Sir ? brandt exterminate tham , of course . che enforcay sack back cha bolt on mis repeat rifle and , apase tha gate , start to step im . iinmveluntarily , Preston - open nis mouth to speak . brandt ( raise hand } wait ( Preston ) whar be it , cleric ? Preston struggle for a momant , against what nok éven he know oz understand ... then shake he head . presto nothing ... brandt nod to the enforcer and the report of the rifle fille the air , mingle with the acream of the dog . amidst the carnage , something scramble between the enforcer 's lag catch Preston 's eye . he grab it ae it scurries cut the apen gate , try to escape . heft it up into bis arm . - a puppy . scare eye , short murky - tan fur , ' the thing be shake with fear . wt enforcer toss it back in , Sir - if11 finish it : oft . page 42 Preston dea not move . everyone took the at he . brandt tose it back in - he would finish it . . . * Preston hesitates . start to hand the puppy back in the enclosure . the enforcer reach for it ... but freston pulla it back . preston it ... it seem to I that at least one of this animal ought to be test for disease . he igs barely able to contain the nezvous quaver in he voice and even leg able to hold anyone 's eye . he cover for it by turn immediataly and start hack for the car . toss hack over he shoulder ... preston tf there 's a epidemic in the Zone , it would be better ' if we know about it . branct and the enforcar exchange a glance . the enforcer just shrug and returm é eo perfumetorily pow ! pow ! administer coup d= grace be the die animal . but brandt watch carefully after he partner ; walk away with '' puppy hold tight in he arm . int . police car - day Preston climb into the back of the car . he clase he eye a moment , pippy in hia lap , try to still he pound heart . when he open they , he find tha eye of the driver , a enforcer he have not even realige be there - stare back at he in the rear-view mirror . Preston force immassivity instantly into hie feature . . preston take I to the station . right away , int . exforcement farking lot - day Preston stand at the open crunk of he cleric-issued car . Inside , the puppy sit on some newspaper spread out within . he hesitates , glance around , make sure no one be watch , then place a small tray of water down in the trunk and arrange a old coat agp a have for the dog . page 44 preston um ... you uh ... stay ... he pause . torn , struggle with himself . 7 he start to reach to couch the dog , but stop . he 's never teugh anether creature in affection befora . he dve it . allow he finger to touch the dog 's head , the fuppy do mot shrink away . his small tail wag . Preston run hia hand down the langth of the grateful dog , gavore the cresture 's warmch , the feel of hie fur . voice cleric ... starrle , presten spin , shurting rhea trunk . dn enforcer be walk towards he . Preston tengeg but ... enforcer congratulation . Preston 's heart be pound . preston for ... what ?. : exforcer o’ brien , Mary . the sense offender you arrest , nsmile } she 's be sentence to death . fresten blink back ac he a sterk microsecond . preston .. chab 's wonderful ... the enterser give a thumb up as he pass . presten can only ned , etare after he . int . police evidentiary storage - ory face a mask , Preston stop at the counter . preston confiseate evidence for 723- tas he have to cough to aover hig nervousness . freston Mary o'brian ... page 44 '' int . empty room - day praston sit in front of the BOX of object confiscare from Mary 's home . contemplate it , almost fearfully . . 4 finally , with finger that nearly tremble , he open ehea box , pick owt a.bit of ribron , nothing really . something you would cast out without a second theught . but it captivate he . stare inte its czimeon depth , feel its supple pliancy . put it down , he pull out she art beco perfume decanter . as he turn it in he hand , the cut glass split the light , create a rainbow inside its diamond facet . tentatively , he spray a tiny bit it into he palm and breathes it . instantly , the fragrance possess hin . re innale it inte he vary essence . ext , palace of justice - day Preston stand in frent af the gargantuan gqauntness of the Palace of dustice . wok know why he 'a here . nok quite comprehend this force that have drive he -.. int . security hub - day Preston stand beside the security technician . stare at one of the many video monitor . mary sit in har call . he gaze long into she pensive featura . finelly , shaking it off , he epesk to the security technician . preston I want to inkerregate she . security technician all the interrogation cell be in uss , Sir , he indicate a bank of . surveillance monitor . mn each , a brigone : sita be incerrogace . except owe , which iz empty . - breston what about that one ? room 101 . security tecenician the microphone will not be up in that room until next weak . : preston put have in there . page 45 4 security technviciah but Sir ... Preston turn sharply on the man - eya burn with all che gravity of the telragraumacon . 5 preston my timeframe dictate thet I can not wait . I say put we in there . the Security technician gulp back any argument . security technician by ell mean , Sir - room 2g1 . int . room 101 ~- day a windowless room . frestom sit across from mary . all trace of he inner turmoil - hide away . for she parc , sha leske as though she have be knock around a bit . she consider he a mildiy curioqus moment . : | mary tocan'k say I be not surprised the see you . Preston swallow invisibly . preston I do not sae why . my interrogation of you de not fully conclude . 's her eye search he for another instant . kary and , after ali , time 's so very short now , be not ik ? her death sentence . through a act af will , he manage to hold she eye . she amile to herself . then , something , some fissure , crack behind she hard facade and she hand reach for she eye . bur just as quickly , she wipe it away , draw a crisp breath - defiant again , mary ask you question . and then leave . Preston be unprepare . ha ? a come only becsuse he want , he need the s¢e she . he 's rhought no further than that . freston Wall ... ehe ... regiebance ... page 46 . mary the techiician already ask mé that . tf there be a resistance , 1 guess 1 would have tell they , would not it ? ) se why 4 : do no E you get cto che point and tell I why you be really here . he hold on she another moment . ha can not possibly teil she that he be here because he feel irresistibly draw here . preston mhean you ... first want off the doae , suraly you ... surely if be hard . there must have heen ... doubt . she look back at he a coldly curious moment - T mary | rhy de you cere ? preston tt do not . mary then why ask ? prestor - I be juec try to understand ... people like ) you ... she hold on he , study he like be insect . mary o£ course it be hard . in 's a withdrawal . tes a drug . you get through ir by think about the people who put it in you . Preston lock herd at she - try hard to comprehand . preston . you mean ... hate ... she say nething - look back siesr particularly at im . preston : but they be only try toe help . human mature , it can be so ... . 7 mary uncooperative ? there be a ironic half - twist ia she smile . i page 47 mary well we can not have thak , can we ? if someone 's coloring outside the line , by all mean , medicate they . piease : right beck inte conformity . and , hey , since + wa be just cry to help , why nor institutionalize it while we be at it ? ske amile with everything but she eye . mary ' Cause if thee due not work - well , for suppose we can always find @ witch or two the burn in selem . Preston stare . deeply stir by this amace woman . mary '' mind if I ask you a persona ] question ? a invisible awallaow . he nod . mary De you find to attractive ? startle , Preston 's eye blink away for the thinnest fraction of a instant . thea back . preston I be noe - entirely sure what you meas . her eye search he for a moment . then , discover no fragment of life , she sit back - sad for the future . mary you see ? iwt . cleric monastery - day the grand college where select individual be train from birth te. join the formidable . ranka of the grammaton cleric . the quasi-militazy / religious order of the tatragrammaton ... Preston walk the sember , echoing corridor with vice council dupont , pass clagsrecna of fresh - face cadet . bubont be peruse mary file as they walk . dupont : ' I do not think i.quite comprehend you request , cleric . preston it 's juecr , Sir , that she exseution date have be ser , I believe she still have page 48 + information about the resistance that rould be valuable to we . bupont but she 's already be clinically 5 interrogate , correct ? preston : yes , but I ... I believe that somehow she have be able to resiat ; that she characcer be such thar ... that ... I falter . preston ien 's diffievlr roe eyplain . dubont hold on he a instant . turn to mary fhoto in the file . darkly beautiful . his eye rise hack of frasten . dupont precty .. : prevton barely manage to conceal the confuse rush he feel at that word . preston ao ... do not fully grasp the reference . - dupont held on he another steady beat . then ncd , close the file ag they stop , cverliook a OPEN floor where dozen of cadet be be lead through a strange martial art kata . dupont . Te you know of the shao lin ... or perhaps the mameluke , Preston ? preston no Sir - I do nor . dupont in a time of a lend call Arabia , the mameluke be a caste of warrior monk . eunuch . selected and casrrate at birth : train to be the great fight slave avar know . existing entirely above the move and sway af cam passion . he be quiet , thoughtful a moment . *'dufont like you Preston . then , faintly sad , he nod . rim the dupont like I . Preston looka at he , startle . oupont page '' 9 you be surprised ? all the high clergy , even Father himself , be draw from the cleric . be gaze again down at the practice cadet . dupont tell I what you know of he , Preston , o£ rather ... prestow only what everyone know . that he be the foremost citizen . the vary modal of the insensate ideal . dupont and have you ever see he ? " preston I sir. '' mean ... I de not know , 5ir . Father be nowhere . and everywhere . the threat cf assassination farcea he the remain faceless , he lock down , feel a pit inside he ... preston ' even ga , such ig he semnathy that he fiske daily pilgrimage co the Palace of justice the witness the combustion of che accuse - that he might continually test he unemeatianality . - dupont do you know why , Preston ? Preston hesitates for another instant , feel he inside twist . than ragurgitate the rote dogma that have be tha boilerplate of he entire existence . preston facausa only such g@ person can have be confident will rule withaut the interference of bis passiona , bacause ' only with such a man may we reat know he will net be reduce to tyranny by mere emetion . dupgrt and yet - yet there be element in this page 50 a society , secretly ban cogether , secretly feel , who would tear down all he have accomplish and surrender it back to exactly chat - the tyranny of emotion . : 3 a pause , paradoxically impassion a momen . then calm . : dupont . even know that , cleric , it be he uncompromising example we must continue to uphold . we canne bend we ow law , we can not comromnise we ideal . he look very particularly at Preston . dupont we can beat this resistance . we can deat it without enter int league with senge offender , can not we , Preston ? preecon cemse as it hit he whet che other man 's say . . dopoont let 's show they that we até wnak we maan . let 's burn this woman , this sénee offender . let 's burn she and break they anyway . he abruptly take prasten 's band with missionary zeal . dupont because I pelieve you can do it , sreston . the only question be will you ? will you be fathex 's pure weapon against the resietance . the ingtrument of the State , - for the State . will you find they ? will you break they ? for Father . for I . praston waver - twist to near-break inside . but ultimately , have no choice but to say : preston it would be ... the great honor . int . storage space = night praston sit , deep in the bowelea of he Building 's basement , in he family 's personal storage space , bury in fhought . knead through he finger , mary red ribbon . while , between he knee , the puppy contentadly snooze . elt . gate 17 -e - night , he site idling in he car at one of the great gate to the ak page $ 1 '' gene . the eoldier on duty raturn from the quardhouse and hand he identification back tnrough the window . soldter thank you , sir. good hunt . - * . preston yas . thank you . he drive on . int . brandt 's car - night brandt watch izem he own car as Preston , whom he follow , drive threugh the gate into the Zone. watch . think . ext , gate - night : pull wo to the gate , brandt , flash he identification . brandt / cleric . I need to pass right away - the soldier take he l.d. , examine it . soldier : you be second class - not authorize for s0i0 excursion into the Zone . brandt dammit , thie be essential clerical business ! I have the pass now ! the soldier straighten , put he hand on he rifle . - soldier you lack authorization . under no - pircumstance will you he allaw to pass through thie gate . brandt eve that thia man mean what ha say . his eye shift to the ominous white - leather clad sweeper crew post by they tanker just on the other side of the gate . ke snap he aye back to the soldier . brandt tell the captain of the sweeper Crew 1 need to speak to he immediately . - ext . back yard - burned - out house - night fuppy : in he armé , Preston ' stand outside what remaina of tha kennel behind the house , he condemn eo be burn to the ground this morm . page 52 charre remain of the dead degs heape there , int . burned -cut house - night : re haunt through the house 's burn - out shell . find he way into what be the secret room - now nothing more than a char skeleton of stud . plick on he flashlight , he sweepa the eloor until he fine what he be leok for . the carpet have heen burn away now and the trap ixor he feit there thia morning , be expose . sweep aside thé aghes , he pull the duor opan and shine he light down inside . . int . secret chamber : he descend into the dark sub-terrestrial reom . his light sweep acrog a lantern , setting the puppy down , he turas it en , fill the SMALL room with its golden illumination . whar he see nearly take he breath away . like midaa * breasure trove , the reom , untouched by the fire , be simoly jamme with memorabilia . : photo , dasaball card , a train set , the completa work of William Shakespeare , a clown painting , a book of quotation , a dox fill with costume jewelry , a old Victrola . a kid in a candy store , we walk the tiny dimension , / savore each step , run he finger over every object . pick un a halt - consume pack of wrigley 's spearmini gum . turn it over in he hand . un-peel a stick , musnas it tentatively inte he mouth . chaw .:. smile ... move on to the vietrela . deaide it , im they wax wrapper , soe old record . he shake one ouk . examine it . he 's not quite sure , but it 's preety evidenc chat it gom=a with the Victrola . he mouth the word on the label ... prestow rca symphony no. 3 , D winer , apus 125 ... ludwig van fee ... Beethoven ... it mean nothing to he . re puta the record on the player . tt do not take he buc an’ instant to figure it ont . place the needle on the vinyl platter , he crank che crank . it erack and pop as the record qoe round unevenly for a ttoment ... and then , issue from the horn , womethe he bas never in hig life hear before . page 53. Music . and not just music , but the mast heartfelt , ponfoundiy create mugi¢ ever make . the vary soul of mankind vent cpen , bleed forth meledy ... Preston 's threat knot as the first note of the hasscon distantly sound , building ... mount ... and it only get worse from there . after a moment , he must - eit , he have begin the shake so badly . ~ helpless in ite spell , he can only listen , astonished , ae the tower magnificence of the first movement waghes over hin . it be unfair , that music waich move even the most hardenad human soul sheuld be the tire hear by this defenseless man . tear flow unblocked : dewn he face ' as he realize for the first time , all at once , what be death , life and love . ext . STREET - night be strain of the symphony still echoing in he aar , Preston sate the puppy back inte the trunk . reneving he avercoat , he make a bed for the dog with it . preston stay ... ludwig he smile , raalize he just name the deg . his dog . the ' deg wag its cail appreciatively . abrugtly the world burse inte blind white Light . shield he eye , Preston rise to ses approach down the Street a sweeper patrol , it 's rack of reef - mcount xenon light turn night inte day . megapeone step away from the vehicle ! Preston , heart stall , can only stare at it , come at hin . megaphone step away from the vehicle ! subtly shutting the trunk , Preston obey . with a hiss of pneumatios , the sweeper patrol stop e dozen yard away . shotgun at the ready , three leather - clad sweeper step out . lead sweeper hand above you head . Preston 's raise he hand . page s¢ : sweeper lead identification . : frestow 4 I be a cleric . I be here on afficial business . . sweeper , lead identification . Preston reach inside he jacket . feel for it . but ite mot there . he blink , flashing back ... to put he evercoat in the trunk fer the dog . his eve snap back . the sweeper 's ghotqun be a he . he swallow ... : : . preston T do not have in ... sweeper lead unidentified individual find in the zone be subject to summary deatryection . the othex two sweeper tighten they qvip om they gun . preston teteady ) you would be make a very big mistake . I be a grammaton cleric , first ulaa . the sweeper lead hold on he a inetant - debate . . sweeper , lead we be go to search you vabicle . Preston 's sye flicker to the trunk . . preston . you be waste you time . there 's nothing dn it and I have essential place to he . stepping forward , the sweeper lead wrest Preston 's gun . from inside hig coat and step back . cover hin , he oda sharply to the other two whe jmmediacely begin search through tha car interior with flashlight . after a moment , they emerge . shake they head . nothing . sweener lead turn back to Preston . sweeper lead the key ear che trunk - page 55 4 tight-lipped , Preston hold on he for a instant . . preston I be try to bell you - I havea pra-davn combustion to witness . my timeframe . 4 dictate that I cannot wait . step forward , tha sweeper snatch the key out af Preston 's hand and tess they to the search sweeper . prascon suck in a deen , quist breath . hold ir . ons af they insercs the key inte the trunk . struggle with it .-.. it click open ... sweeper lead wale ss 2 t yané on the open trunk - lid , tha two searcher stop . the sweeper lead be studve prescon 's face , illuminate for the first time in the beam of he shocgun 's rict-light . sis gun 's barrel crop as he realize ane sweeper lead cleric Preston - i be sorry , 7 ... I do not : recagnize you . , ( yuiekly / sweepera ] tand aff . [ t 's ail right . leave the key dangle in the leck , thay do . stepping back rom che car . flrework of relief go off inside Preston . the sweeper lead be dasperetely apologetic . . | sweeper lead ; you understand , Sir , in this Light , it 's extremely difficulr ... from hia vantage , Preston can gee¢ the dag through the four inch of open trunk . ie manage a nod . preston you be juec do you job . sweeper lead yeg Sir . thank you for appreciate that , Sir . we will escort you back to the gate . . . preston that would be good , thank you . {a5 tha sweeper turn} - ane ny sidearn ? page 5 sweeper lead ( turn back } ah - yes ir . sorry sir. he start to hand the gun back to Preston when a small cesine wyimper fron the direction of the car snap all head round . presten 's heart ston . prestow a animal ... the zone 's full of tham ... he reach for he gun but the sweeper lead pulis it back , leok at he through narrew eye . sweefer lead tt sound like it come from you car i ... : preston impossisle . mow , if you will retum omy firearm , i ' 11 be on my wey . but the sweeper lead only held on he another dark momert . then stride over to the car , he throw open the trunk , he flasalich : illuminate che fubdy , panting in its beam . all read snap towards praston . instantly the two sweepe2 step in on aither sida cf he , . shotqun aim at he head . shotgun sweeper oa you knee ! get on you knee ! Preston exhibit less «emotion now than he have eince he go aff librium . fulse flat -lime , he coe not move . sweeper lead get on you mtiee - nowli ! presten 's hand shoot up . grasp the shotgun barrel at wither side of he head . a startle beat ... .. a3 the eweeper lead realize what 's just happen . that they oave just make tha mortal error ..- .. SE engage a grammaton cleric ... .-. without first call for back -up . . sweeper lead bo ie ! do get ! sheet he new ! the sweeper yank back on they triggers - but Preston , : know they mevementa before even they do , be a micre -second - ahead , shove back the pump-action of they gung ... | : : page 57 . 4 send each gun 's shell ejecring cartwheel unfire upwards into the darkness ... in the instant that follow - one in which they be tao . astonished to react ... . + Preston spin , whipping they around 180 degree by they gun , rack they pump -action es he doas , chamber the next ggell and yanking the gun firing across he bady . - blow the faceplate cut of they helmet hike black water . even ao they drop , he roll the shotgung over he wriste and , drop dow to one knee , fire both harrela at the sweeper lead even as that man - shoot - shot go wild . drop the shotgun , Preston roll forward , snatching up he grammatso sidearm as he hit hts fest and pow ! firing similtaneouely with the sweeper lasd 's next shot ... bullet explode in eolligiuen in the air between they . blablam ! Preston 's next shet , a nano-secend behind tha firer , blow the sweeper laad off he foot . Preston step , breathe new in the empty silence of the zone they , and the hot white light of the senon . nat sick , deadly sick inside . # int . bedroom - night head in he hand , Preston sit in the dark at the kedside of che sleeping form of he child - rohxie and lisa . so many conflict , painful thing rush through he . his son lie there , severe and perfect , even in sleep . Lisa , just 4 seven year - old girl - feature abandensec as ber sleep nind wander distant realm ... : quietly , fraston open the drawer beside robaie 's bed . with a penlight , he illominare its content . finde what he i# lock for . rfobsie 's ose case . silently he open it , locating the follow day 's dose ... voice what be you do ? he snap the peniight up , stertle to find he ten year - ald 's eagie - eye stare back ac he through ite beam . robbie I say what be you do ? page 5&8 fraston 's heart pound . preston I ... : 2 we stare back at he son . rebbie eit upright in bed , eye narrowing . Preston owallow deeply . preston I be check . to make sure you have heen take you interval . Robbie look back at hima moment . then relax . nodding . robsie and you be satisfiad ? t presten hoid on he a instant - then manage a curt ned . preston . I be satisfied . Robbie nod too ~- pleased . | robbie geod night then , Father . preston gecd night ... go . the boy put he kead back on he pillow and close hia eye . Preston close che young man 's dos# cage , look at he one jagst instant ... afd walk out . ext , zone - wight lighp flashing , dozen of enforcemant unit be gather in the street beside the dead body of the sweefer team . among the enforcement unita on ths crime evene , brandt consider the dark remain of the house whose burn he participate in that morning . all a bit too much of a coincidence . he turn to a enforcer work on a moblle compute unit on the hood of @ car . brandt tan you cum a trace of the movement of a cleric 's sidearm 's tonight through that thing ? . oo - , enforcer ' '' no sir. only councillary member heve access to gun tracking . a it page 53 brandt purse he lip , thwatted for the moment . then neds . brandt I want ballistic perform on che . 4 artifacz remove from this body . I want the result compare againat the gun record of the cleric . the enforcer look shackad at the implication of this . Hut the lock in brandt 's black eye leave he no deubt ocher - than khat the man be deadly serious , int . corridor - morning fhen Preston #xit hig cubicle , he be surprised by a pair of sweeper macch towards he down the corzider . 1 sweeper cleric John Preston ... he freeze , heart stoffing ... but all they say be ... sweeper seed mozn , Sir . as they march past , coancinue down the hail . ha srare after they , heart meeting agein - pound . just a patrol . open he hand , he lock at he morning's unused libriom . ready to ba dispose of in tha subway or garage . Palm bruise , he have yvigped ic so hard . have they searched he , not would have be dead . tet . bathroom - day close the door , he pull the mirrer away from the wall . behind it , che cavity in the wail . he hesitates a ingtant ..- then drep the amber ampule into the cavity and push the mizror back in place . ert . sidewalk - morning when sresten eawit he building , a car skid up , passenger door swinging open . erandt .* . brandt . raid in the industriel section . ler ' 's go . presten hesitates a inarant ... then gat in . cy € page 6o int , srandt' car - morning - brandt guide the car into traffic . brandt - everything all right ? Preston lock over at he - surprised . preston of course ... why do you ask ? brandt ( tahrug ) _ . oh ... you have gor a lot on you mind . ereston hesitates a instant . t preston what make you say that ? brandt look at he partner . faintly smile . brandt ' you forget - the inkuitive |rtz , cleric . Tre 's ay fob to know what you be think . braston look back at him -! manage a smile of have own . preston sa then - what be I think ? brande look back at he . * brandt you be think about the murder in tha zone last nighc . : the smile drop off Preston 's face . brandt you be wonder ... if they know whe do at yet . : Preston be freeze . brandt tell I , cleric , be I ... ciose ? Preston ewallow . neds . preston wet bad . so ... do they ? knew ? & page 51 brandt oh , there 's theory . J have one or - will of my own . but at tha moment they be ... he look at Preston . deeply , deenly .... . 4 brandt premature . fabruptly ) and in any case - i be glad it happen . prescon leck back at he - fealing a chill . preston why .-- brandt because mow Father 's dedreed a acceleracion in the crackdown on offender . he shrug . * brandt whoever do it - ali they accomplisn be a quick end to the resistance . f2 look at Preston - that ghost of a smile again . brandt it 's gning to be a massacre . montage : tinder the allegra assai of the 4th movement of Beethoven 's sth , the carnage of the day . with wilitazy precision , shock troops converge in the street cutside a abandon factory ... gune fire ... window axplede , plaster fly -.. suspected offender , run , crumpling , die ... and presten , drift through the chaos - stunne , horrify . at the event . at he perticipation in cham . , and in he background , brandt , watch he always . int . video - chamber - day Preston , im a special tele -chamber at cleric . headquarters , face a enormous screen that project dufont 's face . page 62 dupont 's S image i do not quite follow you logic , cleric . srescon be pale , barely able to cenceal the fact that he ig . tremble . . . . 4 . preston : they be unarm , Sir . wee provide rasistance . yet instead of apprehengion for interrogation and process they be slaugater . - . dupont 's S image but cleric , give the circumstance of last night , Father have decreed thet thers will be not mera process far sense offender - they ara to either be shot on aight or incinerate without trial . Preston be gesperate . preston but it 's counter to law . dufont's image [ slightly annoyed ) Father be law , Preston . Preston stare back at he . preston siz - without the logic of process - be it mot just ... mayhem ? what we have try so hard to eradicate ? : bufent 's imagertighten - become intimate . doupont image you must unéerstend , Preston - while you and even I may not always agree with it , itn be not the message that 's important ; it 's we obedience to it . Father 's will . he shake he head . dupont 's image it may be hard , even gounter - intuitive at time - but the point ig the tear , call it faith . you have it , I assume ... Preston stare back at hin for the thinnest instant as he reach seme inner resolve . then : . preston yes . I have it . ark page 63 bupont image good . prestan struggle within again for tne tinniest instant . > prestou siro ..: dupcnt's image yes , cleric . . : preston you ask I to become Father 's ingtrument against the resistance .«-- es gather up all the momentum burqing within he . preston I be ready . today . I wish to shew my eaith . 2 wish , with you permission , od begin immediately the search for underground . fubon : consider he , this walk weapon , ' fora moment . dypont image to destroy it , cleric ? Preston look hack at he , evary atom of he body vibrate . : prestow to destroy it . int . cold storage - crematore central - N / a in a metal chair next to a metal tray thar hold partridge's folyy . presten sit , head in he hand - anguish . partridge ig the light lavender of death . just below he throat , the neat hole where Preston 's bullet enter . preston I be so .... sg very sorry --- the door abruptly open and he pop up , emotion instantly erase from he face . ' the cremation technician in the doorway give he a odd look . then sex down a tray . 4 technician theee be the possession he have on he ac che time of death . the iliegal one will be-burn with he . ak page 64 he walk we , close the door behind he . Preston 's eye turn to the eray . on it be several of partridge 's effect . key , identification ... : . - and a engraved silver cigarette case . pick it up , pre&ton feal the fine engrave with he fingertip . open it . . Inside lie a dozen or more old photograph . he flip slowly through they , drink in the detail of each . they be , of course , picture of stranger , probahiy ail long dead for the most part , from a age long go by . hk happier time . . thing look different . people ara dress differently . celorfully . woman wear make -up . in many of the photo , borh man and woman be smile and even , laugh . he stop , eye rise quickly at the sudden SOUND of voice approach the door . then , they fade away . retumming he attention back co the photo , ha turn the the last picture . it be turae ower . om ita back ia write tha word freedowy . he consider the word a instant ... then flip it over . and freeza , shock . it i4 of partridge , stand witk = beautiful woman . mary . Preston stare at the photo trembieng in he hand fer a eternal moment . a thousand emotion stabhing through he , int . combustion ante -chameber - N / a Preston stand watch as partridge 's hady travel dawn che roller into the hunger of the flame . clenched hide in Preston 's fist , be tha photo . int . room 1901 - day presten sit opposite Mary in the high -ceiling windowless room 101 , she smile , amused . mary we have to stop see each other like this . people will talk . but Preston be in no mood . preston you say there be not any other . you . ' say you be not part of any underground : page 5 | mary { ts I '' not . there aren‘c . : . prestow - errel partridge . | - + her eye flutter momentarily . recovering , she shrug . mary . the name 's suppose to maan something to - he ? ' i prestou : a grammaton cleric , first class . you know he . News bulletin . i'ma dense - offender . I doe not hang ' round mich with the cleric . mary re place the photo on the table , flick it across with a i finger . she look at it , just for a instant off she guard . ' then just shrug . Preston look levelly back at she . freston T want to know about he . soa ! she look back at he , equally level . buc behind she lavender eye , sheta come cd some inner dacision .. mary Wall , E would sugqase you go ask he , but I understand that hes dead . kill by you eziendg at the tetracranmmaton . . preston Net my exriend -- os . the smile drop right off ber face . shock . . preston tell I about partridge . her gaze hever on he a instant . tren , quick as a cat , she lunge across the table , grab up bis pencil and swinging it hard at he carerid artery . but Preston be not tetragrammaten for rething . faster , he fatehe she and slam she back down on the table . for a ! instant , they tremble there , he faca so close to hers he can smell she , feel the energy sweeping off she ..- snap ! the pencil clench in both they hand crack like a rifle shot . : . . page , 66 relaxing , he release she and go to the wall , face it . emotion that must surely be etched upon it . - 4 freston ( quietly ) what be he part of ? | run hie hand over hig face , ag though try to erase che mary you really want to know ? you talk about service to libria ? you can not even imagine the sacrifice he be go =o make before you murder he . presten turn and look back at she , every fiber scream put inside he , leng to tell hed . : prestow you be ... lover ? she only glare - haughtily back . neither affirm nor deny . and he pride will not allow he toe ask again . he turn 29 ga . mary can 7 pall you something ? without turn , he pause in the doorway . mary - it bate you . and everych you stand for . he look down a moment . then get che hell out of there before he say something he regret . . . int . desk - day the wifice be empty . Preston sit at he desk , contemplate the photo of Mary and partridge . ye tum it ever , the word freedom write there . mock he . ne stare at it . then , intuitively , pick up a pen and write a alphabetic number under each letter : '' 165 5 4 15 13 . he consider what he have write a moment . circle the first pumber of each group . 616 5411 . page 67 bf ext . telepeone - oay oreston stand at a payphone . a voice picka up ... - , voice . 5 freedom reading room , - Preston hang you . # ext . freedom reading room - day Preston stand across the street from a storefronk whose sign read rlock 42 freedgm reading room . # int . frezdgm reading room = day - presten gterg in the door . array in chair at school - atyle table , citizen pore over approve text . on the video screen arouné the room , the face of libria amiie , . coe face of libria you be Father ; I be Father ; Father be everywhere ... oe ceme irom nehind a counter , the proprietor , a thin , ad nervens-icok sycophant , approach sreston , ducking and scraping : : . i proprietor | good afternoon , Sir . what will it be for you ? the latest copy of the insensate . a revise edition of the manifest ia ? Preston drop open he cleric identificatioa . preston errol partridge . I want to know everything you know about he . the pronriator 's suck smile vanish . proprietor I ... beg you paxdon . Preston be in he element now . investigating . . _ preston I be go to ask you one mere time . errol partridge . '' tell I what you know . ' : . proprietor . to ... I be sure I deom not ... paga 44 '' that 's all he get put before Preston grab hin by he collar , piek he bodily up and giam he dawn onto a tabletop - send State - approve text scatter . the patron of the read room react , dully shocked . S preston you be a senge offender . proprietor i..1..1 , .2i be nott ' : freston wor then how be it you have come to be so frighten of I ? . Tre proprietor just lie there , shiver with fear . preston tgrowls ) New - you will cell I everything there be to know about errol partridge or I will have a wagon come eo take you to the Hall ¢¢ destruction for summary combustion . the man aputter . fropreetosr I ... I tate veally de not know much . prestor . speak . proprietor h..h. he would come in with a fellow name v..durgen . prestan tighten he choke grip . preston why . Tre proprietor look fearfully inte he eye . preston why . proprietor th.. th .. they be under the marry mistaken impression there be p.- picture book to he £.. find here . . . preston where can I find this person ? page 69 a 4 the proprietor be hesitant preston rrighten hia grip} you don 's seem to underacand . Father have 4 decreed thac sense offender ara to be destreyad on sight now . people like , im other word , the proprietar : frofrietor ( quickly ) fersonal maintenance bloc 27 . Preston reugnly release aim , give the rest of the patron 4 lock - dare they to defy he authority - then walk out . shakily sinéing he feer , the proprietor leak to he clientele . they be all stare back at he . ha swallow . ext . appearance maintenance 27 - day one of the numerous appearance maintenance center throughout the city where pergistent - growth technicianga give identical hairmucs to each person who come in . freston stride through the deor , tetraszyanmaton badge out . preston everyone out . now . everyone scurvy co comply . Preston roughly catch the manaser as he try to pass , shove he back in the shop . preston nar you . ee shut the door after the last person , lock it . turn beck , he can see the alazm in the manager ' 's eye . another senge offender . preston jurgen . I want he , marager ifm quite certain I de not know whack you 're# talk abouc . grabbing he , Preston drive he across the roam , slamm inte the far wall between two hair-cutte station . preston I be quite certain you de . | page 70 a though flustered , this one 's make of stiffer stuff than the last ane . manager , you hurt ms . it 's not legal . . + preston it be if you be feel . az heart - pownd beat from che manager . his resolve seat . manager prove it . . Preston leak at he 4 bear . then release he . preston you be sure about thar ? 7 the manager swallews , but say nothing , stand he ground . Preston hold on he one bent longer . then nod . his aye scan thf shop , sixth sense engage , absorb every detail of the chair , tool , floor , wall ... : stop on the wall mirror , its permit paste in the corner . he look hack the the manager who have see he see ie - a look of ill- conceal alarm . stridiug over , Preston grab he by nis jacket and swing he smash through the wirrer . tt drop in a shower , jeaving in its wake , a jagged hole that leak inte a ridden room ... a ridden room , wall cover with map of libria - diagram and plane of atrack . where a dozen men , a desperate - lack group - like freedom fighter - sit freeze raund a table . int , hidden room Preston steoa through the shattered frame into the room . slowly , he airele the table of stunne young man . they know they be do for , they just can not beliave it , . preston which one 's durghn ? ko answer . he slam the table with he hand , make the mapa and roll of blueprint jump . page 71 freston which one 's durgen ! now they be too searad to speak - preston 7 you be all as good as dust . 0 you might ' 's wall talk . man ~ tspeak up} . webody say anything . Preston go forthright to that man and kick he chaix out from unde he . the man , no more than 27 , with dreadlock and dark skin , fall the the floor - and lie they limply , know that to resist a grammaton cleric be ro imvite death . '' pull hts gun , presten sight down on the man 's forahaad . preston be you jurgen ? the man scoruggle fer a moment internally . then ... _ man he 's not here . presten cocka the gun . preston youre lie . : ' han go ahead . kill mar . I be go to die anyway - if not here then at the Palace of justice at dusk . there 's nothing more you can take from I ; from any of we . . preston you have a family ? the man pale . mah ( whigper ) } they de not feel . preston tt do not care if - they feel or thay do not - they be suspect . they will get contaminatery disposal - I will see to it . . ' the bald man on the floor stare back at he . page t2 man you fuek cold bastard . preston - : T be listen . - 4 the man hesitates . then he feature set . alan . . go ahead . kill I , kill my family ; they 'ra as good ag walk dead anyway . what jurgen 's go to do co you and everything you stand for be well worth die to protect . be not that right , boy ? a murmur from around the table . Preston see red .. reaching '' down , he haul the man up and adam he down onto the table . t preston tall I goddamn it ! the man stare back at he - startle by he vehemence ... they alk do , startle that he could be go ... inpession . the darkness clear from Preston 's eye . he straighten , loak fram face to face stare back az kim - feel naked . expose ... for a instant . Fe cover by quickiy search the man 's pocket . come up ' : with a illegal matchboor with a address se'ribble under nit dinner cover . fockeat it , he leok back to the tabla once more , heart pound . . preston tell jurgen I be look for hia . F ext . alley - day alone , he atep in a alley , push he eye inte he hand . tremble . '' voice cleric John Preston ! Preston 's eye gnap up . a sweeper tanker have btepped juet out in the street - two white - clad sweeper with white - metal machina guna . stand before it . : sweeper you be to comeswith we ! praston hesitates , hand move a unnotice inch towarde he mm in he eya flash the think of stand and fight . rea page 73 sheefer immediately ! a tenge beat as Preston 's eye consider the dark barrel of | the sweeper gun . a deep breath . he relax . 4 ext . step - palace of justice - day Preston igs silent as he mount the palace step ahead of the two machine - gun teting sweeper . int . office of the vice - council - day tinen Preston be escort in by the sweeper , dufont be stare out over the cityscape of libria through the great T cut into the wall of he office . when he turn , there be no trace of humour . dufont cleric Preston ... Preston swallow imperceptibly . preston sir. dupont I have hear the most disturbing rumotr . his pin eye make Preston go cold a the grave . preston a rumour , Sir ? . duport . yes . one that maintain that , away from the pry ey#e of the world , one of we - one of the cleric - have take it upon himself to cease he dase . thar one of mur elite qumber - be feel . can you aimegine ? . Preston go concrete inside . all he can think to aay be ..- : preston feeling , Sir ? . doprgnt ; be you play with I cleric ! a stark , ringing beat . then Preston 's voice , come , a whisper , dry as dust . page 74 freston _ne Sir . I be nat . dupont this person , I be tell , be actually . + aktempt to make contact with the resistance . now bell I , if you will be so kind - how exactly have you be maki use of you time of late ? : br rigid heat as Preston stare back at this man who krew . everything . it be all he can do to reach down inside and make himself speak he own death -sentance - say what tubont must already know : preston artempring to canract the resistance . t dopon attempt !!! Zow be it ehat you intend to expose this traitor if all you do be atcempt ! Preston staras back act the other man - 43 the astounding fact sink in . dtw pont do not know !!! freston . to ... you be absolvraly rod right sir . : doport of course I be . the cleric be the final line of defense . if the resistance compromise it , we be doom . Father be doom . presten nod with a swallow of relief . _ presto twill ... redouble my effort . to locate the resistance .. , to find this traitor , and bring they the you fair justice . . in 411 humour , dupont dismiss he with a surly wave and , with a giiek , curt bow , Preston get fhe hell out of there as fast as he can . ext . housing compley - day : he stand before a hundred story housing complex . ten thousand unit , all identical . consult the , matchbook he take off the man in the hide room . page 75 int . cusicle - day the door creak open and Preston enter . silence . ib dose - not appear that anynody be heme . he walk through the cubicle - gixth sense engage . 5 tt be a ordinary cubicle , resembling he own . he tan a wall , listen for hollowness ..- voice you have waste you time ...° he spin . the man that he rough wp in the hide reom av the personal maintenance blec atand in the doorway . man T would hardly be stupid enoagh to keep anything here . . preston you ..-- he blink at the man '' moment , realize . . preston you be jurgen the man move more fully into the cubicle . urge you be feel . freston hesitates . . : preston i could be fake it . turgen femile ) hnow what you know now - de you really helieve that 'o possible ...7 Preston ie silent . urge fe you know why you come ? Preston hasitates a beat . , jurgen how could you ? a million conilicv amotion . on one hand you commitment to the State ; not so aasily forget . the other , the abhorrence of the wrong hf page 76 a commit in its name ... he take a stan closer . fresten stiffen as jurgen raise a- fand ... and llaye it on he shoulder . no one have ever in he life touch he compassionately before . - 5 turger and you natural desire for the company and friendship of other human being . praston tremble as the word tell a resounding chord in he . he leek down , ashamed , as he eyee mist . preston why do you come ? turgen | that 's very simple , Preston . we need you . int . cellar in a pare , dank cellar hide somewhere in the merropolia . presson site wire up to what leok eo be a oid , dilapidate lie detector . : ' jurger this be just a test , you understand ... there be several other men with tham now . in the eye of all of they , the glint of desperate , drive mao . . jurgen it 's what be call a polygraph . af course there be no one leave qualified to interpret the result now , but it work ‘by detect amotional fluctuation - he nod . jurgen and for over purpose - that 's enough , he neds to one of the man who ture it a . jurgen pace slowly around the dim room for a moment . then , step before Preston , he quietly speak one word : jurgen Mary . the needle on the graph spike , register sharply from elatiine . jurgen smile sadly . knowingdy . jurgen .° ( qaierly ) you be in love with she ..- fage 77 4 Preston look down , ashamed . swallow hard , almost tremble . preston I ... I be not even sure what it be + jurgen be you not then ... carry in you . leave pocket a red ribbon spray with she gtent ... _ Preston look at he , shocked , turgen 1 . that you breathe in when you think there 's no one bo sae .. ; Preston be astonished . jurgen kneel to he level , word drop nearly to a rapid-fire whisper . _ jurgen but it 's not enough . what you feel , it could only be satisfied foluing yourself inte she . for all cine . that 's love , - presten . I shewld know ... . ye rise , node . draw a deep breath , code ... jurgen io should know -.- presten look at lim - for the first time in he life - understanding completely what anothe > human be be feel . freston Shea 's schedule for combustion . jursen T know . Preston search he feature . how can as say it like that ? jurgen you be think [ I be cold . I be like one of they . but it 's not so , Preston . i'd do anything to save she . anything at all . except betray she . ha draw 2 deep , quietly passionate breath . 7 to risk a rescus now , at this junerure , it would jeopardize everything we have work for , everything she 's work for . she 's a martyr , freaton . a martyr . for we all . page 78 he nod quietly : jurgen come with I . ; . 4 int . office Preston foliew he into a small , windowless office , srack high with book like the wealth of Nations , tha rights of man and ream of papers . it ip the lair of the revolutionary ... jurgen take a peat . a beat , freston comply . jurgen settles into he chair on the other side of the desk . light a cigar . t jurgen twas like you . sur che first ching you learn = amotion hag its price . ha shake nis head . jurgen it 's a paradex . sut , without restraint , avan control - emotion be chac . . freston but ... jurgen ( raise hand ) . I know , the key difference be a matter of degree . when we want to feel , we can . so you see , in the case of Mary , though I denperately want to cdo just thar , I can not allow myself that luxury - I have to see beyond my emoticon . he look levelly across che desk at praston . jurgen and so must you , Preston . thay look at one another , the last word hang there . preston what can I do ? . jurgen contemplatively tape he cigar on the adge of the ashtray for a moment . . . jurgen you can kill pather . CO } page 79 ext . sedewale - day Preston walk rapidly away down the busy sidewalk .. jurgen walk quickly a few step behind he . neither of they = + exhibit the slight emotion but the truth be that both of they be . explode with it . invisible to all , jurgen be pursue fpreatan . int . alley - day he follow Preston ico a alley where , gut of sight , he grab he and slam he up against the brick wall . jurger listen to I . t Preston resist . : - brestow togan‘e . I ea not do what you ‘’re ask ! : jorgen Bus dammit , doe not you séa/?71 you be we only hope ! preston ioea n‘e kill a man . the flret time I - understand what life be , you want I to take it . .r can not . do not you understand ? I can not . jurgen release he , take a cold step back . . * jurgen what abour the sweeper team . Preston look back at he , realize for the first time just how deep jurgem 's resource be , preston that be different ... jurgen be silent , struggle before he himgelf spit out : surgen what do you think partridge be do ? Preston look at he , shocked . but then , az it sink in , of course ... it make perfect senwe . jurgen . you kill he before he could do it . ae page 44 he shake he head . jurgen that 's why you be a godsend to we , Preston , you be the only person thac can * get through Father 's eecurity . without you , we have lose everysh . without you = wa be doom . : Preston can only stare at hin , overwheline . . jorgen think about it . : and he walk out cf the alley . neither of they see , stand oi che sidawalk across the street , a man with hig hand bury deep in the pookat af he overcoat . erandt . int . storage space - night : once again , deep in the bowel of Preston 's building , he sit in he storage space . one hand distractedly scratch the puppy 's head ; the other grasp Mary 's bir af ribbon ... stariag long and deep . into space . . int . room 101 - gay Preston git now across f2 om mary in the cold white of dom 101 . ' there be a long silence . hary my combustion have be schedule fox dusk today . - Preston nod . - she herself look down at the table now . mary «+ . yott kegp come ... he say nothing . abruptly , hia wateh begin beep - alart he thac it be time to take he librium . it beep starkly im the gilence of the conerece room between they . quietly , he turn it off . she watch he a beat . . , mary be not you go to dose ? he doas not reply , silently stare down at the table ... preston ' Mary 's ..: page 61 he trace a pattern on it with he finger . preston .-- it 's a beautiful name ..- : 5 her eya narrow . do he say what she think he juse say ? he do not ieck up at she . she cock she head , realize . mary my God .... you feel ... he saye nothing . - until finally ... preston ifve be the gee jurgen ... bhe remain silent . stun . riveted on hin . preston they want I to kill Father . he look up at she for she firgt time . preston and anothar thing ... eye brimring now with uncenceal feel : preston I '' in love with you . Shea stare back at he a leng moment . then tear , big and full as dimmond , begin pour silencly down she cheek . they both juse sit there lika that for the longest rime . until : finally ... mary ace what will you ... da Preston look down . 1 frestow +». I do not know ... sha node , stlenciy . . mary we have ... such difficult threshold to cress . . ghe word hit he like a-bolt , twist a knot in he throat . néither acknowledge the camera , a Black eye stare dom ... - ce Sage 82 : but quietly , slide slowly , nearly imperceptibly forward ... Lee at the viek of everything ..- .. in the center of the table ... ... they fingertipe --- . touch . int , house of the tetragrammaton - day the House of the tetragrammaten - the vast palece where Father dwell . Preston intercept dupent on he way down the mprridor with he battalion of bodyguard . prestor gir - a few moment ? puront consider he a instant - chen nod . : _ dupont walk with I . I be the see Father . int . house of the tetragrammaton - security birlock - day Preston follaw dyrent through a heavily guard security airlock , dupont apd co the ' brutally armed sweeper . dupont he 's with I . the sweeper team duly relieve preavon uf have firearm and allow he the follow Dupont through the heavy metal detector . _int . h.0.t. hall of mirror - day into a leng , barooue hall whese ceiling soar to over 29 feat . line along its wail and in parapet half - way up , heavily armed sweeper stand vigilant . : Preston take it all in as he walk at dupent 's side . dupont yes , claric ? Preston snap he ettention back to dupont . . '' preston yes Sir , if you recall , I would speak to you about a senge offender eriticai cro my investigation inte the uadarground ... page 43 dupont we process a yreat number ef offender , cleric . Preston hesitates a internal instant . . + preston , you would deseribe this one as pretty . 1 . dupont turn a dark eye on he . bupout be you quite sure that 's the word '! use , clerie ? it .ccuid be misconstrue . preston maybe I be ... mistaken , sir. dupont consider he a deep instant . dupont what about she ? preston she 's achedule to be incinerate today . I ean not locate the resistance withece she aid . I be ... I '' begging you . . dupont T see ... dupont study he - long and deep . dusont in any case '' tive already speak to Father about this woman on you behalf . he be , sadly , unyield . she ali burn as schedule . : everything within Preston shrivel . dupont his will be hard - but that 's what take he great , ig it not , cleric ? when Preston finally find ic in himself to speak , it be with a empty whisper . preston yeo . . dupont . and that wa prevail in the face of : adversity make ud ourselves great , yes ? page b4 4 preaton climb the dark , dark hill in he heart . preston yes . . ' dupont seem pleased as they stop at the heavily guard gild door at the far end of the hall . dupont uo tf you be able to fpllow this through to ite end - you will choose you own reward . feart dark , Preston hold on the other man & moment . pre tow my ceward , Sir - would be the pleasure of know thar it have freed , Father ... he take a last isek at the huge heavily guard hall . preston . ... from the terrible necessity of all . bhis security . buport look at he a curious instant - then signal to the guard who open the great door . allow he to pass through into audience with father . Preston stand there ag the quard re-shut the dsor peremptorily in mis face . : int . room #nether windowless room hide somewhere in the stark metropalis , Wells cluttere with map and diagram and plan of attack . a meeting place of revolutionary . wurgen and nis qompatriot be here . they sit acrosa from preeton . : : preston there 's at least fifty man . maybe more . turgen what about a audiencer could you somehow arrange to meet with he ? that would gat you through security . . preston Father 's never see anyone . ever . a tough silence . 's sjurgen they train you you whole life to fight db = fage a5 4 this kind of odde , Preston ... Preston be silent , struggle . preston . 3 Evan if I could - even if '' coutd make it through - what guarantee be there it world accomplish anything ? that anything would be different ? jurgen nod , rise to the catalog of map and bluaprint that paper the walle . a giant map of citadel libria ... jurgen we have a network that 's larger than you imagine . the ingtant word be get that fathexs be dead , bomb char have already be plant ... he indicate on the vast map - here ... here ... and here ... surgen ... toey will be see off in the librium clinic and facrorias arcund libria . if we can succeed in disrunting the supply for even one day , iit cause will be win by human nature itself . he look at Preston . jurgen will you ? will you ce it '' prastom be silent again , wage a battle that 's already lose : in hie heare . . preston . what about war ? the everyday cruelty that be all go now ... / jurgen . replaced by the tetrasrampaton . you do it for we wholeaalie , da not you ... a heavy silence . freston know he 's right . curgen bx1 ] you do rr ? the lonqeet beat . preston yes . ae page @ 6 ext . sidewalk - day jurgen see Preston out to the sidewalk . he catch Preston 's be . a beat between the two man . jurgen you will say goodbye to har for mé , will not you ? Preston stare at the other man , then nod . the two man , both in love with the same woman , shake hand . . int . basement storage space - night the puppy lie nose between he front paw on the flcor of Preston 's small storage space , a shadow fall across he and he gerg can ais fast , come hopefully to the gate . but if the dog be hope for some affection , he iz doom to aisappoinnmant . the shadow belong to brandt . int . car - day Preston drive . sya lose in the mid-distance . neither gee nor hearing the car and trafZic around he . znt . palace of justice - day he flaghes hig i.0 , as he walk through tha metal detector . int . detention wing - day he stand outside she cell , hand to he eyss . struggle to force himself in go in and say goodbye forever . finelly , he turn and nod to the guard . the guard insert the key inte the lock end open the door . ent . cell - palace of justice - day but when Preston walk in , he ia shocked to find , instead of Mary , & griz*le male prisoner sit there . she ia go . int . guard station - day the quard shrug . ; - 1gtard there be 4 bit of slack in the schedule . no one see why she should not go early . Preston stare at hima dead beat . phen dash out . be page 87 a int . palace of justice - day Preston fairly fly dewn the cecridey , turn heade as he - , ' go #s tear by . tht . fpalace of justice - day he skid the the elevator , slapping the button . hover a instant ... osash for the stair . : int . destruction wing - palace of justice - day be skid breathlessly the the security checkpoint , flash hig badge . preston - cleric ! tf need the pag he agonize while the guard serutinizea hia tp. | preston the 5 g'ecleck ! ts she ...7 security . we do not keep track of schedule here . you be clear to nrocead d ... but presten be go , like a horsé aut of the gate . int . destruction wing - palace of justice the guard come to they foot at the secondary checkpoint ag Preston blast by tham without stapo . guard hey ! int . death - walk - palace of justice he skid around the comer in time the see a short column of people walk down towards the jncineration chamber ac tha distant end of the long , low carzider . in the center of the column , in a light , backless smock , mary walk barafoot . , preston Mary ! int . death-room antechamber :' stop just outside of the incinerarium , a incineration technician begin remove Mary 's smock . she look peaceful , register no surprise when she look up and seea Preston run towards she . page g6 - | preston | Mary ! - a guard move to stop he , but he ghove the man aside . + incineration technician hey now ... preston : ( flash badge} . cleric , I havea to question this person , now etap back . . the technician lock unesartainly to the armed guard . preston othreaten } of say step back ! . cowed , the technician release Mary 's smock and step back . Preston turn co she , voice drop to & gasperate whisper . freston Mary , listen of I - J can not he withouc you . I can not . I do not care about anything else . I de n'e care about Father , any of it , gus be with you ... mary Preston ... preston turgent} Mo ligtan to I , I can take this people , co can . we can get out of hare . she look be he a peaceful moment . . mary - and then what , Preston ? - he etare back at she - tremble - unable to answer . she look at he for the deep moment . then , sadly , shake har head . : : ' mary : my one regret be Chat we aid not have mora . of everything '' wee she touch the side of he face . the incineration technician and guard look shocked , but Preston make no move to atop she , hia anguish eye -drink hers . ae page b39 " preston Mary , you do not underatand - I '11 die here with you , 1 do n’k care --- she nod . : be oy mary . tt do understand . but understand I - I go to this five for a reason . shake she head with the great gravity . mary promise I - if 's not for nething . he stave at she , torture , anguish . he start to speak , but she stop hin . t mary promise I all fe.can finally manage ..- be a muce nod . she nod too . risaes hig cheek end turn to the incineration technician . mary I be reacy . they remeve she smock . the door the the incineration chamber sucke open and she skep in , she ‘hurne , look at Preston , so beatific , go utterly beautiful , as the door suck shut . ° thara be a moment . then behind the pmall window , there be @ whoosh ! and a brilliant flash of orenge . Shea 's go . stun , head ringing , Preston 's eye move to the smore glbss windok above the incineration chamber . he can see a dark form behind it . it could only be ..- father . -ext . sidewalk - day in a state of chock , Preston shuffles down the Palace step and merge into the fly of sidawalk traffic pedestrian . he walk like that , unfocus , shell - shocked , for several yard before - finally , simply - drop to he knee . press he face inta hia hand - he weep .. passersby tusn and stare ag he openly ory he heart out . for F py he be fage 34 . a pair of polished shoz stop in front of he . slind by tear , Preston look up at the silhouett figure tower over he . versus brandt : 7 clerie jehn freghoan - you be under arrest . int . palace of justice - night officer and civilian alike turm to staré as Preston be drive ahead of brandt and three armed and uniform enforcement officer . he have be severely beat . he stumble and brand kicka he from behind , pronell he crash forward ante tha floor . brandt , panting , look at that who stare back at they . i brandt this man - 4 senior cleric ! have ceasad the dose ! he ie feel ! he kick Preston egain . presten take it with less emotion than he would express even before he begin to feel . brandt this man ! be the worm thac have be ea ring at the core of we great Society . and Z hava bring he for you justice ! he haule Preston to he foot , hiss inte he ear . brandt I tell you [ have make my caress with you , presten . . int , office of the vice - council - day dupont be in the miceac of a dictetion to nis secretary when the great carve door fly open and Preston come stumbling in - crash into a heap on the floor . brandt vwiee -council ! ' this man be guilty of eonsort with sanse offender , of have relation with a female .... his lip curl ag he speak this last mnet damn word . * '' brandt of sense crime itself . dupent look at they both - surprised . nod to a sweefer stand at the door . page 91 : dupgnt : dispatch a search team to che cleric 's quarter to search for unused librium . the man salute and exir instantly eo comply . 5 brandt ' that will not even be necessary , bir . it you run the trace record on he : sidearm , you will see that it be ha whe be with |! the sweener team when they be kill . : : vice -council dupent consider he for a moment . the. pull he keyboard foxward , he run the trace . ha stare . astonished , at the result . look to Preston . dupont ' cleric - I assume you have something to Bay to I ? a beat . then , bloody , Preston pull hinself up off the fleer . preston : ttknew .. , it 's hard to nelieve -.- that a clerie of the tetragranmaten --- could turn hig back on everything he have be raugrt ... =o become @ sense offender ..- to become associate with the resistence , even become ... a provacateur in ite underground movement ... bub it 's brug ... frandt 's eye burn bright at the confession . Preston neds . . preston i promise I would bring that man [ oo yeu . and I have . he look at brande - who look confuse for a moment . theo beffle . he look to dupont whe shake he haad . dubont cleric brandt - the trace show that it be you in the Zone with the sweepera . he tusn the screen so that brandt too cam see the trace record . brandt stave at it . his gun in the Zone . . ° brandt h.. but it 's impossible .-.- dupont only blink back at he . abruptly , brandt reach inside he coat - the gun of the sweeper that accompany they snap up .-. . ' page 92 '' : he freeze - then slowly draw the gun out by the muzzle . and sess for the firet tima , etched into the butt in fine . ~ letter - grammaton cleric Preston . . . + and he flash back : . . - to hts car : the house in the zone burn in the background . brandt whe will be leave to watch . , . 4 beset . then presron hand frande he gun . back - brandt 's eye shoot up as he realize . brandt he switch then . i he holde the gun up . brandt you see ?? J have ais gun . preston {dry } of course you de . you take it when you arrest I . . brandt stare at he . at they .all . feeling the wall tumble down all around hin . dupont T suppose I should have know by the enthusiasm , the vary rabid nassion with which you pursue this task . a fervor reminiscent almost ... : sis eye narrow thinly . dupont of a man feel . brandt go gqrave - cold . Dupont nod toa the sweaper . duport take he the the Hall of destruction for summary judgment and combustion . the three black - clad guard grab brandt , whe can not believe it , drag he out . '' . : brandt / nol it 's he ! himi not mat hin ! paarl page 93 4 and he i¢ go . dupont leok the bloody Preston . dupont of course , since a complaint have be jedce , the law and the letter be that I 5 allow the team to carry out the sedrch ef you premise . Da you think that 's entirely necassary , cleric ? or be 7 be ... to unyield ? : Preston waver only a instant . preston as you say , Sir - it 's the law and che ketter . dupont tsmile and it daesa‘t disturb you in the least that he 's go to he end ? Preston look at he . : preston how could it ? dupont suile to himself again . right answex , as always . preston it disturb I only that I be Father "s ingtrumenc - yet have nevar have the honor of meeting he . tupent look ab he , surprised . . dupont bur clerie ... you know Father never give audience to anyone ... Preston step through the dark deorway in he neat . preston fven the man who bring he the resistance ? . vha two man regard aech other - a faustian bargain strike . ext . preston 's apartment megaplex - day when fraston pull up , sa#veral white van be mass outside at the curb , search unit coordinate . a search coordinator approach as he emerge from he car . ae be . page 94 | ' search coordinator cleric , you understand , this be juat a formality bur Preston just wave he off . . 5 preston tive nothing to hide . int . buileing - day but the second he enter he building , ' beyond the reach of the prepare searcher 's eye , he break - ioto a mm . ' int . stairwell - day Flying up the stairwell ... int . abartment - day burst inte nis apartment . tnt . bathroom - day , skid inte he bathroom where , adrenale surging , he yank the qdyror away from the wall - bod find , to he shack - che hibrium fs gine . he thrust fis hand deep inte the cavity - but nothing be there . - he stand , pulse povnd . where gid tr go ? '' voice look for somathing ? fe whirl . robbie be cold eya stare back at he . a beat of stark , ringing truth ... : the boy 's hand rise - open . ravealing a small sea of amber ampule . Preston 's libritm . his eye shoot back up to he so n's . : the gearch taam - can he hear , come . robbie tf Il be you ..- he close he hand . robeie . i'd be more careful in the future . Preston skare at the boy - ghock . he be even more stunne when lisa appear . Robbie place he hand on she shoulder - ae '' page 95 7 in =e way that could only be deseribe as fraternal . and it hit prescon all at once - they nre feel toa , thay '' always be . only conceal it - from he . preston but how ... the boy leck at he Father with a gravity far beyond hig year . : robbie you forget - it 's my job the know what yourre think man and Boy look at each ocher . gike etace into a mirror . Preston nod . . prestow then you know what I be go to do now . the boy just look back at he - and simply say : ' robbiz yes . int . room Preston sit at a table , phona to hia ear . phone you be conmect with the vice-council . pubent 's voice come on the line . . dupont 's voice yeu ? preston it 's do . dusont 's '' voice the resistance ? : like juda with Christ and he disciple , Preston sit with turgen and hig top man . he exchange a glance with they . this ig they sacrifice , they doom - and they know it . _ preston send a wagon now ~ you will have they all . . Preston terminate the line - look to the cther . grim . ah he 's accomplice int the wait wagon - page 96 eat . build - day ha stand by watch as nlack - clad enforcer lead jurgen and : 4 his eye meet jurgen ' 's as he be shove into the wagon . the. message in the. revolutionary 'os own eye be clear - I go to my death , I pray you doe what mist be do . the door be sheamme shut . a enforcer nod to Preston . enforcer the vice - couneil have send I to tell you ~ yeu may think of any reward you wish - preston tell the vice -council there 's only one thing that will make I complete . the engzorcer look at the kill machine stand hafore he . prestow to meat Father 's . int . limousine - dusk br rad secin interior , sumptuous like the interier of a coféin . Preston ride alone in the back . he opene he hand . in it lie a tiny flawer . | int . rouse of the tetragrammaton corridor be - guse a servant usher Preston through the corridar . - oot servant do net address Father unless first address by he . avoid eye-cantact . if you should break he foux foot personal safety zone , you will be put down immediately by the sniper . underataod ? preston nod , hardly hearing tha man through the rush of thought in he head . servant you 'l ] be require to surrender you firearm , of course , and pass through a series of matal detectora . and then there 's the test ’... Preston jeok at he , alarmed , '' preston test ? page 87 they stop at the steal deer of the security airlock . servant yes , yea - you 'de not imagine we would risk | '' expoge even auch a dedicated servant as yourself to Father without first have you test do yout ' freston 's heart beat . a btest ? i? the servant usher he through .-.- : int . security alrlock _. , inte the leng , low steal chamher that designate the gateway becween libria and the inner-sanctum of Father . one of fathar 's personal banner guard , he praetorian guard , srep forward . ls guard you firearm , cleric . Preston hesitates - then surrender the weapor . servant rer@ ... presten seas that a lie detector stand nexc the che metal deteccor . : - ' servant sit . Preston look around . there be seven sweeper in here , all haavily armed .- he have no choice . - he sit , two technistan quickly heck up the sensore . a doctor step forward . boctsr we will start with 2 test question first . the nod to the polygraph tech who flick che machine on . doctor more of a riddle actually . what , would you say , be tha ‘eugiest way to get B gum away from a granimaton cleric ... 7 ? he amile , and another voice fill the blank : voice agk he for it . page 58 Preston look sharply to 5e# @ large wall monitor flicker to life with the changing face cf libria . '' all seven of cha sweeper ' 's gun snap up in line with + Preston 's head . : . face of libria / man '' do you really think we would be so stupid ... face of libria / woman as nok to know you be feel , Preston ? the polygraph needle start - register Preston 's & surprise . face of lisria / boy pid you forger .... ? . the change face abruptly stop change . settling on one final face whose sye9 jance back into Preston 's own . dupont's. dufght 's image I be everywhere . . the eolygraph go mit , expend 3 sudden flurry of ink as Preston 's emotional response redline . : dufont smilas alightly . dopont 's image thank you , Preston . you have consolidate my power , give I the resistance . the perspective on the screan widen zlightly . ts inclade rhe head of a woman dupont stand just behind . mary . dupont . and everyone tommect to it . only someone who wad qruly feel could have dome it . brava . Mary 's # yes , proud and mist , try the turn from the screen , try wot to give dupont eha satiofaction - bur twine he finger inte she hair , he forges she face forward . _ bobowt 's thage and now Preston , I have you 46 well . 's cality , coolly - utterly without incident . Preston stare uxemble back into the gereen . a million eoilide thought ignite behind he eye . : fage 99 hen , im a instant , they all disappear - replace hy the abyss . preston no ... 5 slowly , he shake he head . preston not without incident . behind he , the needle on the polygraph , that have heen vibrate madly with he pound heart suddenly drop to a smooch flatiine . polygraph technician ( realize ) oh ... ie ... and before anyone knews it , Preston have stripped the gun from guard just behind he and blablam ! have shot the docter between fhe eye . : , as that man go down - like the phoanix - Preston rise . electrode fall away like guy wire , bladam bladam ! blam ! in the blink ci a eye , < aster than think , he gun the sevelt guard down in they track - chey never ghae 4a chance . retrieving he first gun , he kill the polygraph technician and pause - look at the ¢ine-acreen ... on which dufent 's visage stare back at he - astonished at the turn of event . : preston I be come . pow ! he bkow dupont 's startle image out of the screen and duck through the scream metal datechor . ext . hall of mirror - day Security force stream ' into the magnificent hall to meet he , but lest we forget , presten be a grammaton cleric . first class . he be the best . in a blaze of Fire , both gun buck like piston , he toll in blood the history of avery a who dare challenge he , roll like thunder down the mirrore corridor . gun flow with tha machine - like grace of a printing press , a blur of Fire in hia hard , he fill the statistical trajectory with blace path of lead . page 100 at everywhere , the sweeper team go down , wither under the fury of hig unstoppable assault . int . anteroom - day : he burste into the amtervem . the six guard ' in there know he be come , they could hear ic .-. . : buk so awesome waa the sound of the battle rumbling jinexarably towards they that they be heaten before he even step inte the room and blow they back through the door ... int . father 's boudotr - day inte Father 's chamber . come on like the fourth horseman himself , Preston follow they collapse body into a massive marble room of invonparahle , beauty and elegance . where dupont atand . qaietly , silantly , two pistol dangle in he hand at he gige , Preston 's eye quickly scam the reom . preston where ig she ..- durant neld en he steadily . : dupont you seem go take with she - I have the admit ... : . hk whimsical shrug . copont twas intrigue . hie gun snap up - praston 's match he ' millimeter for millimeter . . slowly , they circle . Preston mova he gun - dupoat 's mirrore they nevenenta , muzzle to muzzle - as though they ware tie together by invisible string . bupomt remember , Preston - I '' grammaton cleri¢ too . I know you , thought ~ evan as you do . preston , tren you kmaw I be go ro kil you . pow ! he and cupont suddenly and simultaneously fire , bullet collide and exploding in the air between they . . page if : dupont ( eirele ) that I be not quite pick up . + pow ! Preston fire . dupont , synchronize with he , fire at the exact same instant and trajactory . pullet explode inte shrapnel between they . and that 's it , che dam burst . blamiblam!slam ! , like pure ballet . a whirling , swirl , two -fiete sworéfight with bullet erupt between presten and dupont ..4 - se accurate and so intuitive be they moth that 's every bullet fire by one be parry - blast gut of existence - by the answer bullet of the other . - tn a instant , the air be thick with scream shraonal as they bullet explode together in & machine - gun staccato of gtutter collision . meither man able to get toe edge over the other whose movement he instinctively know . the counter on Preston 's gun , lie down towards zero . zbeuptly , at one , Preston sping -- aim down at supenc 's thigh , draw dupont spin and he awn gun down in a miprar choumcer-movement ... but act the lass inetant , Preston doss not fire as powi dupont 's bullet spite out of he gun and fumch through Preston 's thigh . a eight gasp through clench tooth and Preston stagger -.- then ... straighten dupont 's gun have click epen , have match Preston bullet for bullet - all now spend . Sue Preston eeill have hie dest one . : his eye come up , clear . he take the bullet on purpose . he direct it where he want it and take it . he raise he gun in line with dupont 's forehead , < '' iron wait ! preeton do . fage 102 dupont lock ac I . I be life . T live . tf breathe , I feel . mow that you know it - ean you really take it ? 5 Preston stare back at he - the word not without effect a5 the emotion batria inside he . finally , quietly , he drop the lever on he pistol grip soa chat the lcd on it now reqiater " explosive round armedi * preston pather la everywhere . blami he drill the explosive round inta dufont and bablammm I ! ! Father , the man behind the curtain af Oz , literally explode . Preston dron he gun . and , look up , begin , for the last time , to hunt for samathing that have be hide . his eye slowly sweep , scan the wall , ceibing and fleor uneil they settle at last on a great frame mirrar . limp so it , he feel its surface . : pushes . it swing open , lika a deor int . public address chamber revealing the final hide room . ingide , amidsc all of the equipment that broadcast the face of libria , the great creasure of alz . Mary . with a sreat gasp , she throw herself into he arm . mary I theughet you be daad . they hold ene another as if they will never let go . wnen they finally separate , they look long into each other eye . then , limp over , presten settles in at dupont 's public address system . keying the mike , he flick it on . it crackle whirring bo a static hum ... : . : preston libria ... there . 1a a new message page 103 , int . office of the cleric - day . | cleric and enforcer alike all stop , tusn to the omnipresent ecreais where the ever- change face of lisrta speak preston' word ... : frce of lisria . the doge be dead - librium be finish ... int . palace of justice - day and on the death - walk to the incinsrarium 's , jurgen , he compatriot , and they astonished guard all curm to look be the face speak to they from the screen : face of liiaria the back cf the cleric ig broker ... jurgen and he fellow axchange a look of emazemenc . int . cleric monastery - day robbie amony the , ' the young cleric - in - traim all stop in theiy class , head turn towards the sereen ..+ . where the face , for the firet time in history , stop change , settling finally on ote single face ... and one final voice . Representative of all humanity -.. Preston 's . . preston' image and Father be nowhere to be foun . and , for the first time in he own history , he smile . silently , to himselt , rebbie amile back . ' int . father' quarter . drop the mike , Preston leek to Mary . preston let 's watch . ext . terrace - day she help prastom out ento the windswept terrace that overlook libria . the city stretch into the horizon . they look out over its vast panorama . page 104 4 ' bll across libria , fireballs begin rise up inte the sky as . one after anether , the librium factories explode . - - Preston curm to mery . she to he . + * in the light of the explosion , they kiss . the end