revision : June 29th 2006 eragon by Christopher L. Harris base on the novel by , Christopher paolini special thanks to stefen fangmeier , who read and review my screenplay even though he be busy work on the real eragon film . I do not own any of this character or this story . this be a fan adaptation of the novel by Christopher paolini . chris_harriso06@yahoo.com fade in : ext . du weldenvarden - forest - night the tree be tall and thick . the wind be blow lightly . a tall and thin look figure stand with he back against a tree . this be durza , a almost human-like person except for he maroon eye and crimson hair . durza close he eye and draw he sword up in front of he face . the wind blow again . durza sniff and then open he eye . durza spread out and hide ! stop whatever it be come this way ... or die ! suddenly , behind durza , twelve urgal , men-like creature with bow legs and arm . they also have two curve horn above they small ear . they begin to shuffle around . after a moment , each of the urgal hide down beneath the bush and behind the tree . durza peer around the tree and look up a small path that go through the forest . a gust of wind blow across the forest . durza sniff , smile , and then lean back against the tree . durza ( grunting ) get ready ! a urgal move and a TWIG snap . durza hiss with rage . after a moment , three white horse emerge from the darkness at the end of the path . two male elve sit on the right and leave horse , one female elf , arya , a beautiful black haire woman who look to be in she late twenty , be on the center horse . the three elve draw closer to durza . the wind blows toward the horse . they jump up on they back leg and then drop back down on all four . the two male elve look frighten and then they horse start gallop . Arya 's horse bolt forward and leave the two male - elve behind . all of the urgal jump from they hide spot and draw they bow . they launch black arrow at the two male - elve , who fall of they horse , dead . durza jump out from behind the tree and lift he hand in the air . durza garjzla ! a FIRE - bolt launch from durza 's hand and hit Arya 's horse , which be a couple hundred foot away . Arya jump off the horse and lightning speed and land on the ground lightly . her horse fall down into the dirt beside she . quickly , Arya get up and bolt off of the path and into the wood at inhuman speed . durza after she ! all of the urgal run after Arya . durza look all around . he spot a large piece of granite stick up into the sky . he climb it . once he get to the top of the granite piece , durza look out over the treetop . he raise he hand up in the air . durza ilstari boetk ! a quarter mile section of the forest explode into flame . Arya be run swiftly , the tree in front of she explode into flame . she quickly turn and run in another direction . durza ilstari boetk ! another quarter mile section of the forest burst into flame . Arya turn and run in another direction . durza ilstari boetk ! a third quarter mile section of the forest burst into flame , create a ring of fire . durza look out over the large ring of fire . suddenly , the sound of scream urgal be hear . he look down again . Three of the urgal fall down to the ground , dead . durza look down at Arya , who be run toward he at a swift pace . the remain urgal be chase she . durza peek over the edge twenty - foot high granite piece and then jump to the ground , right in front of Arya . Arya turn and run in the other direction , but the urgal surround she . she turn and look for another way out , but there be none . durza point at Arya and smile . durza get she ! the urgal 's charge in . Arya pull a pouch out of she pocket and open it up . she reach inside and pull out a beautiful sapphire stone and raise it above she head and quietly mumble something in the ancient language . a flash of light come from the stone . durza raise he hand toward Arya . durza ( angry ) garjzla ! a fire - bolt come from he hand and hit Arya . she collapse to the ground . durza run over to Arya and look at she hand . the stone be go . durza howl rage and throw he sword at a tree . it stick half way though . he then begin scream . he raise he hand and shoot nine bolt of fire at the remain urgal . they all drop dead instantly . he walk over to Arya and lift she off the ground with ease . he throw she over he shoulder and then pull he sword from the tree . durza walk back to he horse and get on , put Arya behind he . he put the fire in front of he out and bolt off into the darkness . ext . field - the spine - night large mountain surround a small field . eragon , a average look fifteen - year- old boy with dark eyebrow and brown eye , kneel down and place he hand on a spot of trample grass . after a moment , eragon stand to he foot and begin to walk toward a large forest that rest on the side of the mountain . eragon stop right at the edge of the forest and sigh . he pull he bow off of he back and knock a arrow . he walk into the forest . ext . a forest - the spine - night after a few moment , eragon come to a quiet stop . he get down on he knee . a large herd of deer sit in a small open in the forest . a doe be limping around on the edge of the herd because of a break leg . eragon smile and pull the arrow back . he aim for a moment and then ... a huge flash of light blast out of the middle of the herd ! the deer jump up and run franticly . eragon release the arrow but it miss the deer . eragon stand up . he have a surprised and confuse look on he face . he walk over to where the light have come from . a ring of grass be burnt . the beautiful sapphire Stone from before sit in the middle of the ring . eragon hesitates in fear . after a moment , he grab the stone and examine it . it have little white vein that run all over it like a spiderweb . he drop he pack off he back and onto the ground . he open it and carefully place the Stone inside . eragon look around and then stand to he foot . he walk out of the small open and back into the forest . eragon find a large tree and throw a blanket out at the trunk of it . ext . a SMALL field - the spine - morning the SUN peek over the top of the tall mountain . eragon open he eye . ext . the road - palencar valley - later eragon be walk down a small , dirt road . after a moment , he come to the edge of a hill . down at the bottom of the hill , maybe a mile away , rest carvahall , a small village . ext . carvahall - the STREET - later eragon walk down the street of carvahall . he stop and a building and enter . int . butcher shop - morning a small butcher be stand behind a counter toward the back of the room . he 's cut meat . this be sloan , a man in he early 40s . he have a constant angry look in he eye . eragon walk up to the counter . sloan stop cut the meat and look up . sloan ( sarcastic ) so ... the mighty hunter join the rest of we ! how many do you bag this time ? eragon none . sloan I be amaze ! and that 's why you have come ? well let see you money , then ! eragon I do not exactly have any , but I do - sloan ( angry ) ; . so you want I to just give the meat to you ?! ( more ) sloan ( cont would ) do you see any of the other merchant give away they ware ? besides , its late . I be close . you will have to come back tomorrow with money . eragon I can not wait until tomorrow , sloan . it will be worth you while , though ; I find something to pay you with . eragon set he pack down on the counter and pull the sapphire Stone out . he hold it in front of sloan . sloan stole it be more like it . sloan go back to chopping he meat . eragon I do not steal it ! I find it in the spine when I be hunt ! sloan look up in surprise at the mention of the spine . he slam he knife down onto the counter . sloan you get out of my store , boy ! and take you curse rock with you ! eragon do not move , but stand there in confusion . sloan go before I make you ! suddenly , a tall , thick man walk into the building . this be horst , a rough look man . behind he be katrina , a beautiful young woman with long , blonde hair . horst what 's go on here , sloan ? sloan this ... boy come in here badger I . I ask he to leave , but he want budge . I even threaten he ! horst ( to eragon ) be this true ? eragon no ! I offer he this stone for payment and he agree . when I tell he that I get it from the spine , he would not sell it to I ! horst I have no love for the spine myself , sloan , but when it come to the worth of the rock , I will back it with my own money . sloan no . it 's my store , I will do what I want with it ! Katrina step out from behind horst . katrina daddy , eragon be willing to pay . just give he the meat so we can have dinner . sloan you stay out of this , Katrina ! go back to the house . Katrina do not movie . sloan now ! Katrina storm out of the door . horst Fine ! I will pay for it . eragon , what be you go to get ? eragon as much as I could . horst give I you finest steak . and make sure its enough to fill eragon 's pack . sloan hesitates . horst ( cont 'd ) not sell to I would be a very bad idea . sloan scowl and then slip into a back room . the sound of cutting and whacking and slight mumble be hear . eragon look up at horst . eragon thank you . horst oh...it really no trouble . eragon hold the rock up to horst eragon I guess this belong to you . horst ( chuckle ) no.. you keep you strange rock . as for payment , albriech be leave in the spring to become a master Smith . you can work off the debt over the spring . sloan walk back into the room with a large sack of meat . he set it on the counter . ext . carvahall - the STREET - day eragon and horst walk out of sloan 's store . eragon oh , I forget ! roran want I to get a message to Katrina , can you give it to she ? horst of course . eragon he want she to know that he will come into town as soon as the merchant arrive and that he ’1ll see she then . horst that all ? eragon ( embarrass ) no . he also want she to know that she be the most beautiful girl he have ever see and that he think of nothing else . horst face break into a large grin . he wink at eragon . horst get serious , be not he ? eragon smile . eragon I better be get back . garrow 's expect I . eragon begin to walk down the street . he wave farewell to horst after a moment . ext . garrow' farm - dusk eragon 's small wooden house sit in the middle of a large field . eragon walk toward it slowly . a small flicker of light can be see in the window of the house . int . eragon be house - dusk eragon walk into the house with a drag pace . he look very tired . he walk into the small kitchen and set he pack on the table . a small , pale man walk into the Kitchen . this be garrow , a hungry look old man . eragon where 's roran ? garrow sleep . eragon pull the meat out of he pack and set it on the table . garrow what 's this ? do you buy meat ? where would you get the money ? 10 . eragon horst pay for it . garrow ( angry ) ; I tell you I will not accept charity next they will be ask if we need anything else ! we may as well just move to town ! eragon I do not accept charity . horst tell I I could work it off at he forge this come spring . garrow and where do you think you will find time for that ? be you just go to ignore everything that need to be do around here ? there be a long silence . eragon I do not know how I will do it . besides , I find something that could be worth some money . eragon reach into he pack and pull the sapphire Stone out and set it on the table . garrow bow over it . his face turn ravenous , and he hand start to twitch . garrow you find this in the spine ? eragon yes . it just appear while I be hunt . come out of no where . it scared all the deer off , too . garrow look over the Stone for a few more moment . eragon anyway , its good to be home , uncle . garrow I be glad you back . but you should get some rest . we be leave early in the morning so we can get to the trader in time . 11 . int . eragon be room - night eragon walk into he room . he set he pack down on the floor beside the wall and walk over to he bed . the sapphire Stone be in he hand . he look at it for a moment and then place it under he bed and then go to sleep . ext . garrow' farm - dawn the sun be just beginning to rise over the peak of the Mountains that surround garrow' farm . smoke rise from the chimney on top of eragon 's house . snow lie over the ground and in the tree 's and on the top of eragon 's house . int . eragon be house - dawn eragon walk into the kitchen . he yawns and stretch and then sit down at the table . garrow be sit at one end and roran , a nine - teen year - old man . each of they have a piece of meat on they plate . eragon begin to eat he food . roran the snow that come last night might slow we down ... garrow still , we should be able to make it in time . after a moment , garrow look up from he plate and sigh . garrow today be a... special day . eragon and roran look up from the plate and stop eat . garrow it be near this very hour , sixteen year ago , that eragon 's mother , selena , show up at my door ... pregnant . she spend a few month with I then have you eragon . 12 . eragon take a bite of he meat and then look back up at garrow . garrow ( cont 'd ) she begge I and marian to raise you . when I ask why ... " I must " be all she could say . then she leave . there be a long silence after garrow 's story . roran so what 's this I hear about a strange rock ? eragon come and see . eragon and roran both get up and walk out of the Kitchen . int . eragon be house - dawn eragon come through the door . roran walk in behind eragon . the sapphire Stone be sit under eragon 's bed , where he have leave it . eragon reach under he bed and grab the Stone . he hold it up for roran to grab it . roran hesitates for a moment and then take the Stone from eragon . roran it 's beautiful ... garrow ( 0.s. ) we would better leave now if we be go to catch the trader ! eragon grab he pack of the ground and carefully put the sapphire Stone into it . ext . carvahall - front field - dawn tent line the front of carvahall . hundred of people walk around look at various thing . a wagon , be pull by horse , come over a small hill and ride down toward the group of tent . the wagon stop to the side of all the tent . eragon and roran jump off the wagon . garrow slowly climb down the side of the wagon . 13 . garrow put he hand in he pocket and pull out a few coin . he divide it up and then hand the coin to eragon and roran . garrow get yourselves some treat . roran , do what you want , but be back at horst house for dinner . eragon come with I . roran walk away and disappear into the crowd . eragon and garrow walk the opposite way . eragon and garrow walk up to a man who be stand behind a table , show off he knive and sword . this be merlock , a rough look merchant . after a moment , merlock notice eragon and garrow . he then set the sword down that he be hold and walk over to they . merlock and what would you fine sir be look for ? maybe a sword ? or maybe - he turn quickly and grab a perfectly craft silver rose from the table . he hold it up in front of eragon . merlock ( cont 'd ) a silver rise for a special lady friend , eh ? garrow actually , we be not look to buy . we be look to sell . merlock I see ... do you have the item with you ? garrow yes , but we would much rather show somewhere more ... private . merlock oh , I see ... int . merlock' tent - day merlock come through the entrance of the tent , eragon and garrow come in behind he . 14 . merlock pick up a stack of book off of two chair and gesture toward they . merlock please ... have a seat . eragon and garrow sit down . garrow show he the Stone , eragon . eragon hesitates but then pull the Stone out of the pack and hand it to merlock . merlock look at it with a interested eye . he pull a box out and open it . he take a small hammer and start to tap it and do other various thing to it . after a few moment , he stop . merlock do you know how much this be worth ? garrow no ... merlock unfortunately , neither do I . but I will tell you this much : it 's unlike anything I have ever see . it will not scratch . whoever make it use tool I have never see - or maybe magic . and it 's hallow . garrow what ?! merlock have you ever hear a rock that sound like this ? merlock get the small hammer and tap the rock . it echo 's slightly . eragon but what be it worth !? merlock I can not tell you that . for most people , this would be a item of curiosity - not a item to spend money on . everything be silent for a few moment . 15 . garrow will you buy it ? merlock no ... it 's not worth the risk . I may be able to find a wealthy buyer during my spring travel , but even so , you will have to wait until next year before you will get pay . ( beat ) I be curious however ... why do you want to speak to I in private ? eragon because , I find this in the spine . people around here do not care to much for the place . merlock do you know why I and my fellow trader be late this year ? eragon shake he head . merlock ( cont 'd ) we wanderings have be dogge with misfortune . Chaos seem to rule alagaseia . we can not seem to avoid illness , attack , and the worse black luck . because the varden 's attack against the Empire , galbatorix be call more man to the border . Men who be need to fight the urgal . merlock stop and pick up and drink a cup of water . merlock and even worst , there 's talk of a shade , though the storey be unconfirm . not many people survive such a encounter . eragon why have not we hear of this ? merlock because , this thing have just happen in the past few month . garrow nonsense ! we have not see any urgal . ( more ) 16 . garrow ( cont would ) the only one around here have he horn hook to the wall in morn 's tavern ! merlock maybe so ... but this be a small village that 's hide by mountain . no surprise that you have not be notice yet . but if you have not notice , strange thing be happen , especially after the appear of that rock appear ! ext . carvahall - day garrow be walk swiftly through the thick crowd toward the entrance to carvahall . eragon be walk behind he , try to keep up . eragon what do you think ? garrow I think I be go to get more information . int . horst' house - dusk horst , eragon , garrow , roran , and various other people sit around a large , wooden table . everyone be laugh and eat and drink . morn , a rough look man , lean forward with a dark look in he eye . everyone get quiet . morn there 's strange people around here . grain buyer who cheat everyone out of they money . ( breat ) they be tell ridiculous storey about how the varden have make a pact with the urgal and plan to attack we . and how it be only for the great King galbatorix that we have not already be over take by they army . horst if they keep it up , there 's gonna be trouble . 17 . eragon for who ? horst for they . ext . carvahall - front field - night hundred of people gather around a huge bonfire . eragon garrow , and roran walk up to the group of people . a dark figure , brom , a older man with a large beard and bushy eye brow , stand right beside the bonfire . everyone be look at he . brom before you grandfather father be bear , and even before they father be bear , the Dragon rider be form . to protect and guard be they mission . and for thousand of year , they succeed . they prowess in battle be unmatch . each of the rider have the strength of ten man . the crowd be now completely quiet . only the sound of brom and of the bonfire . brom ( cont 'd ) they be immortal . only for good be they power use . and as they keep the peace , the land flourish . it be a golden time . the elve be we ally , the dwarve we friend . but it could not last . though no enemy could defeat they , they could not guard against themselves . ( beat ) and it come to pass , that in the golden age of alagaesia , galbatorix be bear . ext . field - day galbatorix ( 10 ) be fight , with a sword , a rider . after a moment , galbatorix hit 's the Rider 's sword out of the he hand . 18 . brom ( v.0o . ) at the age of ten , he be test , and the rider find great power in he . the rider accept he as they own . ext . mountain side - day galbatorix , now 17 , be fly through the air on the back of a large black dragon . on the ground below he there be a group of urgal . the Black Dragon dive toward the group . brom ( v.0o . ) after he training be complete , he take a reckless trip with two friend into the remain territory of the urgal . galbatorix be slaughtering the urgal with he sword . the Black Dragon be overtaken by urgal and be fall to the ground , dead . brom ( v.0o . ) he kill he attacker , but tragically , he dragon be kill in the battle . and thus the seed of madness be plant . ext . wilderness - day galbatorix be wander through a large grass plain . after a moment , he fall down to the ground , unconscious . brom ( v.0o . ) for month , he wander , seek death , but it do not come . he be find and summon to the rider to be judge . he demand another dragon , but the desperation in he voice reveal before the Council what he truly be . ext . carvahall - front field - night brom be stand in front of the fire , look around at the crowd . 19 . brom ( v.0o . ) denied he hope , galbatorix , through the twisted mirror of madness , come to believe that it be the rider fault that he dragon have be kill . and so , night after night , he brooded on this , and plan he exact ... revenge ... ( beat ) through some ill fortune , he meet a Rider name morzan . morzan be strong in body , but weak in mind . ( beat ) they slaughter every Rider they come in contact with . with each kill , they strength grow . twelve of the rider join they because of the desire for power . after this , galbatorix name himself King over alagasesia . he 's rule we ever since . ext . the road - palencar valley - night eragon and roran be sit in the back of the wagon , garrow be in the front , control the horse . eragon sit still . he look as if he be in deep think . garrow you two be very lucky to have hear that story . he 's only tell it twice , and if the Empire know he have , he would not live to see another month . int . eragon be room - night a small candle on eragon 's dresser light the room . he pull the sapphire Stone out of he pack and set it own he bed . he pull out a small , wooden hammer and tap it . after a few moment of tapping it in different place , he shake he head , set the Stone on he dresser , and climb into he bed . quickly , he eye close and he fall asleep . darkness ... a loud squeak be hear . 20 . a candle be light and eragon 's room come into view . eragon be hold it . he set the candle down on he dresser and look around . the squeak be hear again . it 's come from the sapphire Stone . eragon turn around and look at it . eragon ( whisper ) I have get nothing but trouble ever since I find you ... and now you will not even let I sleep ! eragon get back in he bed and close he eye . the Stone squeak again . and it begin to rock . eragon sit up in he bed and scowl . eragon ( whisper ) I do not care how valuable you be ! I be gonna destroy you ! crack begin to appear on the Stone . eragon stand still , and look at it . entrance . more crack appear , and run straight to the top of the Stone . after a moment , a small piece at the top of the Stone break away from the rest , and fall to the floor . a small head appear poke out of the hole in the top of Stone ! eragon step back from the stone . after a moment , a shadow body be stand beside the stone . eragon look shocked . it 's a baby dragon ! it 's no longer than eragon 's forearm , and its scale be deep sapphire blue . after a moment , the dragon begin look around and walk around the dresser . eragon reach out with he hand and touch it on the back . a blue flash come from the dragon and launch eragon back onto the floor . eragon let out a scream . after a second , eragon get up off the floor and listen to make sure no one be come . eragon 's hand turn red . he begin to scratch it , but stop and look at he palm in fear . a large blue oval appear in the skin of he palm . a few moment later a collage of voice can be hear . eragon put he hand on he head and close he eye . 21 . a few second later he throw he hand down . the voice stop . eragon be out of breath . eragon quietly walk out of he room and close the door . int . eragon be house - night eragon open a large box and pull out a long strip of meat . he walk back toward he room . int . eragon be room - night eragon walk into the room and quietly close the door . he take the strip of meat and set it beside the dragon . the dragon sniff it at first and then start to eat it . eragon smile . after a moment , the dragon lay 's down on its back and fall asleep . eragon wait a moment , and then gently pick the dragon up and take it over to he bed . he set it down and then climb onto he bed and lay 's down beside it . eragon what be I go to do with you ...? ext . the road - palencar valley - morning the sun be peek over the tree top . eragon run down the dirt road . he 's hold the dragon . after a moment , he walk off the path and into the forest . ext . the forest - palencar valley - same time eragon walk deep into the forest . after a moment , he stop at a large , snow cover tree . eragon put a small , leather blanket over the dragon and set it up on one of the limb . eragon welcome home ... for now ... I do not know what I be go to do with you . eragon take a small rope and tie it to the dragon leg . he then take the other end of the rope and tie the dragon to the tree . eragon do not go try to get away ... I do not know what the other would do to you if they be to find you . but I do not want to find out . ext . brom' house - day eragon knock on brom 's large , wooden , door . behind eragon . brom what do you want , boy ? eragon turn around , frighten . eragon I ... want to ask you a few question . brom well , you would better come inside , then ; we will be talk a while . you question never seem to end . int . brom' house - day brom pour two cup of tea . he walk over to and hand eragon one of the cup . 22 . brom walk up the fire place eragon be sit in a small rock chair . brom sit down in another rock chair across from eragon . Old book and scroll be stack up all over the room . brom pull a smoking pipe up to he lip and candle that be beside he . brom ah ... here we go . ( beat ) now ... what do you want ? eragon well , I have hear a lot about the Dragon rider and they great accomplishment , and most everyone want they to return . but I have never hear any storey about how they be start and what make they so special . brom a vast subject to tell about . if I be to tell you the whole story we would still be sit here next winter . light it witha 23 . brom suck on he pipe and let out a smoke ring . brom I will start with the last item ... dragon . eragon settles back in he chair and sip he tea . brom ( cont 'd ) dragon have no beginning , unless it lie with the creation of alagaseia itself . and if they have a end , it will be when this land perish . Dragon 's can communicate with they rider , also . the dragon , dwarve , and a few other creature be true inhabitant of this land . they world be unchange until the first elve sail here in they silver ship . eragon where do the elve come from ? brom ( scowl ) do you want you first question answer or not ?! eragon ( embarrass ) sorry . brom chuckle under he breath . brom no , you not . ( beat ) if you must know , the elve come from a place they call alalea . no one know what , or even where it be . brom suck on he pipe again and let out another smoke ring . brom ( cont 'd ) in fact , you be name after a elf . the first Dragon Rider , to be specific . eragon sit up - he eye wide open . 24 . brom ah ... so you do not know you namesake ? eragon no . eragon look confuse . brom stand up and walk out of the room with he tea cup . after a moment , he return with a full cup of tea . he sit down on he chair and take a sip of tea . eragon do you remember any of the dragon name ? brom hmm ... let see ... there be jura , hirador , and fundor - who fight the giant sea snake . galzra , briam , ohen...umm ... beroan ... brom stop for a moment and let a large smoke ring float into the air . brom ( whisper ) and saphira ... eragon sit back for a moment . he then set he tea cup down on a small table that be beside he and then stand up . eragon well , it 's get late and I should get back ... brom ( curious ) eragon ? why the sudden interest in dragon and such ? eragon umm ... I hear a couple of ... trader talk about it . brom oh. int . eragon be house - dusk eragon walk through the front door of into the kitchen . garrow and roran be table . they each have a plate of food . empty seat . a plate of food be already for a few moment everything be silent garrow for a moment and then back down garrow ( to roran ) what 's wrong , roran ? roran nothing wrong . its just that ... well , I be at horst ' 25 . the house and go already sit at the eragon sit down at a fix for he . roran look up at at he plate . today to pick up a few thing and a stranger be there from therinsford . eragon what 's he name ? roran dempton . eragon oh . roran anyway , he own a mill . he be here to get some socket make for a piece of machinery . garrow so ? roran he offer I a job at the mill . if I accept , I will leave with he when he return for the socket .. to take the job . . I plan a few moment of silence pass . garrow lean back in he chair . garrow why ? 26 . roran well ... I plan to marry Katrina , and I can not do that without any money . garrow I see . a few more moment of silence pass . garrow ( cont 'd ) well , when do you leave ? eragon what ?! garrow do you think I would stop he ? it 's life 's natural course . ( beat ) when do you leave ? roran about two week . ext . the forest - palencar valley - night eragon be walk through the forest until he come to the tree that he have leave the dragon in . the dragon be sit right where eragon leave it . it be still tie to the tree . eragon take the rope off of the dragon and pull it out of the tree . ground . he look at it for a second and then set it on the dragon ( v.0 . ) eragon . eragon you need a name ... I hear a few today ; maybe you will like one . let 's see ... there be vanilor , eridor - dragon ( v.0 . ) no ... the dragon look amused . 27 . eragon umm ... there be ingothold ... wait a second ! you not a he ... you a she , be not you . the dragon set its head down on the ground . eragon ( cont 'd ) well , let see then ... I do not remember any to -- wait - - be you ... saphira ? saphira ( v.0 ) yes ... ext . garrow' farm - morning the sun be rise above the tree . snow cover the ground . eragon , roran , and garrow be stand on the front porch . ext . eragon be house - front porch - same time eragon and roran have pack on . garrow be stand by the door with a sad look on he face . roran wo not you come with we ? garrow no...no ... I have ... thing to do . garrow hold out he hand and place money into roran 's hand . roran smile . garrow ( cont 'd ) it be not much , but that and a father bless be all I have to give . roran embrace garrow for a moment and then turn and walk off the porch . eragon follow he . ext . carvahall - the STREET - later eragon and roran be walk down the street . they come to the smithy and walk inside . 28 . int . smithy - day eragon and roran come through the door and stop . dempton and horst be stand side by side in front of the counter . eragon and roran walk over to they . dempton ( to roran ) be you ready ? roran adjust 's he pack . roran yes . do we leave soon ? dempton I have get a few thing to take care of , but we will be go within the hour . dempton walk over to eragon . dempton you must be eragon . I would offer you a job , but roran get the only one . ( beat ) maybe in a year or two , eh ? horst walk over to dempton and hand he a bag full of socket . horst they be ready . horst and dempton shake hand . horst walk out of the smithy , motion for eragon to fallow . ext . carvahall - the STREET - same time horst walk out of the door and stand on the side of the dirt street . a moment later , eragon come out and stand beside horst . eragon what do you think of he ? horst he 's a good man . I would not worry . horst wipe he hand over he face . eragon eragon eragon eragon 29 . horst do you remember the fight you have with sloan ? eragon if you be ask about payment for the meat , I have not forget . horst no , no ... I trust you . what I be wonder about be if you still have that blue stone ? look confuse and worried . eragon I do , but why do you ask ? horst as soon as you get home , get rid of it . look shocked and worried . horst two man show up yesterday , dress in black and carry sword . make my skin crawl just lookin ' at ‘em . look around nervously . horst ( cont 'd ) about mid -day they start ask if a stone like yours have be find . no one with any sense say anything , but I could name a few who would talk . and the two man be at it again today . look very worried , and gulp down he spit . eragon thank you for tell I . would you happen to know where this man be ? horst ( stern ) I do not warn you ' cause I think you need to talk to they ! leave carvahall . go home ! 30 . eragon alright , if you think I should . horst I do . ( beat ) I may just be overreact , but this stranger give I a bad feel . eragon I will leave right now . eragon turn and run inside of the smithy . int . smithy - day eragon come through the door and embrace roran . roran be not you go to stay a little while longer ? eragon laugh . eragon there 's nothing for I to do ! you can not expect I to sit around and do nothing all day ! roran well , alright . I guess this be the last time we will be see each other for a few month . eragon ( hastily ) I be sure it will not seem that long . eragon and roran embrace one last time and smile at each other . eragon good bye , cousin . roran you take care of yourself . eragon smile and then turn to walk out the door . 31 . ext . carvahall - the STREET - day eragon come through the door and walk past horst . eragon walk down the street until horst be out of sight and then duck behind a building . eragon run through alley way quietly until he hear the mumble word of three people . eragon stop and poke he head around the corner of the building . two black figure , the raz 'ac , be stand in front of sloan . raz 'ac # 1 when do this happen ? sloan a few week ago . eragon turn back around and hide behind the wall . eragon ( quietly ) he 's tell they ! eragon turn and look at the raz'ac and sloan again . raz 'ac # 2 be you sure ? if be somehow mistaken , it will be most ... unpleasant . sloan ( shaken ) yeah , I be sure . he have it then . everyone know about it . go ask they ! raz 'ac # 1 you information have be most helpful . we will not forget you . sloan nod he head and then swiftly walk away . eragon turn to get a better view . a small rock be break off the wall . it hit the ground and a loud " crack ! " can be hear . 32 . the two raz'ac turn and stand in a crouching position . they let out a " hiss . " eragon 's face fill with fear . the raz'ac begin to slowly and soundlessly walk toward he . brom ( 0.s. ) eragon ! eragon jerk around and see brom call he . brom hurry over to eragon , not see the raz'ac . the raz'ac stop and glare at eragon for a moment , and then quietly slip away . eragon fall to the ground , shiver . brom pull eragon up . brom what 's wrong ? eragon nothing . I just get a little dizzy all of a sudden . I do not know why , though . brom you will recover , but perhaps you would better go home . eragon I think you be right . maybe I should go home . eragon look worried . brom hold out he hand , eragon shake it . brom pull he hand back and accidently pull eragon 's glove off . it fall to the ground . brom bend down and pick it up . brom clumsy I . brom stand back up and quickly turn eragon 's hand over . brom look at the Blue oval on eragon 's palm for a quick moment and then set the glove in eragon 's hand . eragon quickly pull he arm down . eragon Goodbye . 33. eragon turn and walk away . behind he , brom start to whistle a merry tune . ext . the road - palencar valley - dusk eragon be run as fast as he can down the road . sweat be roll down he face . he come to the end of the path . about a mile away , eragon 's house be sit in a field . garrow be stand by the barn that be beside the house . eragon I must tell he about she . eragon close he eye and look up . eragon ( v.0 . ) saphira ! a moment pass . saphira ( v.0 . ) ( off screen ) I come . a few moment pass . suddenly , the loud wing of saphira can be hear flap . after a moment , saphira land down in the path . she be now almost fully grow . she fold she wing up beside she . saphira ( v.0 . ) what 's wrong ? eragon ( v.0 . ) there be stranger in carvahall today . they be dress in black and carry sword ... they be ask about the egg . 's saphira jump up onto she back leg and let out a loud roar saphira ( v.0 . ) Fire ! enemy ! death ! murderer ! eragon ( v.0 . ) saphira ! garrow will hear ! saphira continue to kick she front leg into the air . she let out another roar . 34 . saphira ( v.0 . ) oath betrayed , soul kill , egg shattered ! blood everywhere . murderer ! eragon close he eye and strain . saphira 's voice fade out of he head . saphira continue to jump and roar . eragon grab a spike on she back and pull himself onto she back . eragon rub she side with he hand and he hum to she . eragon that 's enough ! everything be go to be alright . saphira calm down and then kick off the ground and fly 's into the air . eragon' Pov : everything below be quickly disappear . the sky ahead be zoom toward eragon . end eragon be pov : saphira be drift through the air . she be mile above the ground . eragon ( v.o. ) we have to go back ! that stranger be come ! garrow have to be warn ! saphira do not answer . a few moment pass and then large mountain come into view all around . a gust of wind batter against eragon . saphira move she neck . eragon be jerk to one side . he wince in pain and look down at the ground . suddenly , saphira begin to spiral toward the ground . after a moment , she drop into a small open in the forest below . ext . a forest - the spine - dusk as saphira hit the ground , eragon quickly slide off she and hit the ground . eragon 's leg buckle and he fall down . he wince and then look down at he leg . they be bleed badly through he pants on the inside of he thigh . 35 . eragon great ! eragon wince again . eragon ( v.0 . ) why do you do this ?! garrow need we help ! saphira ( v.0 . ) murderer ! eragon ( v.0 . ) you take I on this ridiculous journey when garrow need we , and you scale have scrapped the skin of my leg ! be that what you want ! saphira ( v.0 . ) no . eragon let he head fall to the ground . eragon ( v.0 . ) I be go to freeze if you do not make a shelter for I . saphira walk over to eragon and curl up around he . her stomach rumble . eragon garrow ... ( beat ) what have I do ? a single tear role down eragon 's face . he close he eye . ext . garrow' farm - night all be still . smoke be rise from the chimney . suddenly , the house appear to be on fire . two black figure bust down the door of eragon 's house and walk in . int . eragon be house - night garrow run to the door and then start to scream . 36 . the figure be the raz'ac . one of the raz'ac lift he sword in the air and swing it at garrow . everything turn white and blur out . ext . a forest - the spine - dawn eragon , panic , open he eye . sweat be layer across he face . saphira be still lie over he . eragon get up ! saphira start to move a little bit , and then stand all the way up and move . Sunshine blind eragon . after a moment , he get up and wobble over to a tree . eragon break a branch off of the tree and use it asa crutch . he look at saphira . eragon ( v.0 . ) will you take I home ? saphira cock she head up in the air . eragon ( v.0 . ) I know you do not want to , but we both owe it to garrow . he as take care of I , and through I , you . be that a debt you be willing to ignore ? saphira turn and look at eragon . eragon ( v.0 . ) what be to be say of we in the year to come ? that we hide like coward while my uncle be in trouble ? even a shade would run from you , and yet you hide in the mountain like a frighten rabbit ! saphira let out a roar and jump back onto she back leg for a moment . then she look at eragon . saphira ( v.0 . ) I will take you because of a debt owed . but into foolishness we fly . 37 . eragon look up into the sky . eragon foolishness or not , there be no other choice . eragon take a knife from he pocket and cut two part of he shirt off . he walk over to saphira and slowly and painfully climb onto she back . eragon take the two piece of shirt and put they under he thigh . saphira jump into the air . eragon wince . eragon ( v.0 . ) faster ! ext . sky - day saphira be fly low to the ground and be move very fast . eragon be clinching on to she back . eragon look at the ground . there be a burn house and burn barn . eragon look scared . saphira dive down toward the ground . ext . garrow' farm - day saphira land on the ground . eragon 's house and barn be collapse . some wood be still burn . eragon jump off saphira , yelping at the pain . his eye be full of tear . he look scared , angry , and shocked . eragon uncle ! there be no answer . eragon 's eye be red . he run toward the house . eragon uncle ! eragon start look through the scrap of wood . he be still cry . eragon this be you fault ! if you have not take I away ! saphira ( v.0 . ) you would not be alive if we have stay . 38 . eragon ( v.0 . ) we could have warn he ! eragon drop to he butt and grab he leg in pain . for a moment he just look around in tear . then he spot something ! a pale hand be stick up out of the wood . eragon rush over to the hand and pull the wood away . it 's garrow . his face be burnt and deform and so be the rest of he body . eragon grab garrow 's hand and start to cry even harder . eragon uncle ! eragon look over garrow 's body for a moment . garrow 's other hand have a piece of tear , black , fabric that match the clothes of the raz'ac . eragon take the piece of fabric and hold it up . anger and rage fill he eye . ext . the road - palencar valley - day garrow 's body be tie up to two board that be hook to saphira 's stomach . eragon slowly climb onto she back . he wince in pain . eragon now ! saphira jump into the air at incredible speed . blood be drip from eragon 's leg . ext . sky - day saphira be fly low to the ground . eragon ( v.0 . ) fallow the road . it will give you enough room to land . saphira ( v.0 . ) I might be see . eragon ( v.0 . ) it do not matter anymore ! 39 . saphira roar and then drop down a little lower to the ground and begin to fallow the road . a few moment pass and then carvahall come into view only a couple of mile ahead . saphira buckle she wing and drop toward the ground . ext . the road - palencar valley - day saphira land on the ground softly and bend down . eragon painfully slide off and walk around to garrow 's body . eragon untied garrow and set he on the ground . he then take one of the board and role garrow onto it and tie he down . eragon ( v.0 . ) find yourself a place to hide . you will have to take care of yourself for a while . saphira ( v.0 . ) I will wait . saphira walk into the forest . eragon grab the board and begin to pull garrow down the road . eragon grit he tooth in pain as blood pour out of he leg . he stop after a moment and look into the sky . eragon I can not do this ! for a moment eragon wait , and then start to walk again tear in he eye . a few moment pass . brom ( 0.s. ) eragon ! after a moment , brom come into view . eragon look confuse . brom be wave he hand . the side of brom 's head be cover in dry blood . brom 's voice sound distort . brom eragon ! eragon' Pov : 40 . everything begin to fade out . brom be rush towards eragon . after a moment , everything go black . end eragon' Pov . dream sequence a image of a boat appear and then disappear . another image of a group of people board the boat be see . a image for a man sit on a river bank can be see . his face can not be make out . the man let out a aching cry . a quick image of two dragon in the sky appear , and then all go black . int . gertrude's house - room - night eragon open he eye . he be lie in a small bed in a empty room . the door be open . there be a fireplace that be burn . in front of the fireplace sit a older woman , gertrude . she be sit ina small rock chair . she 's asleep . after a moment , eragon sit up . he wince in pain . gertrude open she eye . gertrude oh , you be awake ! how be you ? eragon well enough , where 's garrow ? gertrude over at horst 's house . there be not enough room to keep you both here . eragon how be he ? there be a long silence . gertrude not good . he have a fever that refuse to break , and he injury be not heal . eragon I have to see he . 41 . gertrude get up and walk over to a small table . there be a small pot and a bowl with a spon in it , lie on the table . gertrude not until you have have something ' to eat . eragon how long have I be here ? gertrude two full day . eragon ( whisper ) saphira ! gertrude hmm ? eragon nothing . gertrude walk over to eragon and hand he a bowl full of soup . eragon sup the soup carefully . ext . carvahall - the STREET - later eragon can be see through the window of gertrude 's house . int . gertrude's house - room - night eragon take a sip of he soup and then set the bowl to the side . eragon now can I see garrow ? gertrude you be a determine one , be not you ? ( beat ) very well . ext . carvahall - the STREET - night horst large , two story house , sit on a large hill . 42 . eragon and gertrude be slowly walk toward it . eragon lean against gertrude as he limp along . ext . horst' house - moment later eragon and gertrude be stand on horst 's porch . gertrude knock on the door . a few moment pass and then horst 's wife , elain , a woman in she late thirty , come to the door elain ( softly ) please , come in . eragon and gertrude follow elain into the house . they stop once they be in the live room . elain give eragon a sad smile , and then look at gertrude . elain I be about to send for you . he be not do well . you should see he right away . gertrude you will have to help eragon up the stair . gertrude hurry up the stair that be right behind she . eragon slowly walk over to the step . as he put he foot on the first step , elain reach out to help he . eragon it 's ok , I can do it . elain be you sure ? elain pull she arm back . eragon slowly take a step up to the next step . he wince in pain . elain hold she arm right behind he . int . horst' house - room - night garrow 's deform body be lie on a small bed in the corner of the room . gertrude be examine garrow . she have she hand on he forehead . 43 . eragon slowly walk into the room . elain follow right behind . eragon walk over to the bed . he look at garrow 's burnt face . a tear roll down he cheek . Katrina be stand by the fireplace in another corner boil rag . eragon lift the blanket that cover garrow 's stomach . there be bandage cover all over he . gertrude take on of they off . a large burn mark be see for a moment , and then gertrude put another bandage on . eragon look at gertrude with hopeless eye . eragon can not you do anything ? gertrude I have try everything . but still , thing could change for the better he 's a strong man . eragon turn and look out a small window in the room . elain walk up behind eragon and put she hand on he shoulder . elain you should leave for a little while . eragon I want to stay . eragon do not worry , you can come back . why do not you come down and get some of my fresh apple pie ? int . horst' house - kitchen - night eragon and elain walk into the kitchen . horst be sit at the table eat a slice of pie . eragon walk over to the table and sit down . elain bring he a slice of pie and a glass of milk . eragon ( quietly ) thank you . 44 , eragon take a bite of the pie . horst how be you ? eragon terrible . eragon take a few more bite . horst I know this be not the best time , but we need to know . eragon know what ? horst ... what happen . eragon I do not really remember . horst lean forward . horst eragon , I be one of the people who go to you farm . you house do not just burn down . something tore it to piece . eragon take a few more bite of he food and then , slowly , stand up . eragon I be tired . I be go back to gertrude 's house to sleep . elain why do not you stay with we ? eragon do you have enough room ? elain of course ! come with I , I will get everything ready . int . horst' house - room 2 - night eragon be lie in a bed that 's just like garrow 's . 45 . a few moment pass and then gertrude come in through the door . eragon open he eye and look at she . eragon how be he ? gertrude well , the fever 's go and some of he burn be heal . ( beat ) he will be fine . you go on to sleep . eragon pull he blanket up to he neck and then close he eye . int . horst' house - room 2 - later eragon jolt upright . he be breathe hard and sweat be layer across he forehead . the sound of people mumble can be hear down the hallway . eragon slowly get up from he bed and walk out into the hallway . garrow 's door be open and people be gather around . eragon look pale as he walk to garrow 's room . everyone make room for eragon to get through . they all look sad . garrow be lie he bed . he have a new pair of clothes on and he hand be cross over he stomach . tear begin to flood out of eragon 's eye . elain rush over to eragon and put she arm around he . after a few moment pass , elain guide eragon back to he room . int . horst' house - room 2 - same time elain stop at the door and watch eragon lay down on he bed . after a moment , she walk over to the bed and stand beside he . eragon rap up with he blanket . his eye be full of tear . eragon he do not deserve this ! elain 's hand touch eragon 's head . eragon continue to cry . 46 . int . horst' house - room 2 - dawn eragon be sit by the window . tear flow down he cheek . eragon I can not live with this . saphira ( v.0 . ) then do not . eragon ( v.0 . ) what would you have I do ? garrow 's go forever ! saphira ( v.0 . ) you heat be the only guide to the answer . eragon look confuse for a moment . eragon ( v.0 . ) what do you want I to do ... pursue the stranger ? saphira ( v.0 . ) yes . eragon sit there , silent . eragon ( v.0 . ) be I strong enough for this ? eragon you have I . ( beat ) there be nothing leave for you here . and there 's nothing more dangerous than a enemy with nothing to lose . and that be the very thing you have become . a few moment pass and then eragon look at the door eragon I will go . eragon stand up . he slightly wince but walk over to he bed without problem . he grab he pack off the floor and set it on the bed . he open it and pack a pair of clothes in it . 47 . int . horst' house - dawn eragon quietly walk down the stair . he then walk over to the door and listen . elain ... place to stay . we have room . eragon sigh and then quietly walk over to the front door . he look back and then , quietly , walk out . ext . carvahall - the STREET - dawn eragon stay low as he walk off the porch and down the street . no one else be outside . eragon stop at sloan 's Butcher shop . he look around and then , quietly , enter the building . int . butcher shop - dawn eragon look around as he walk behind the counter . he spot a large slab of meat and walk over to it . eragon bend down and grab the meat and quietly slide it into he pack . after a moment , he look around , and then walk out of the building . ext . carvahall - the STREET - dawn eragon walk off the porch and start walk down the street . brom ( 0.s. ) go somewhere ? behind eragon stand brom . eragon swiftly turn around in surprise . eragon what ? brom I hope you have enough meat for we dragon . 48 . eragon ( afraid ) what be you talk about ? brom do not fool with I . I know where that mark , gedwey ignasia : shine palm , on you palm come from : you have touch a dragon hatchling . I know why you come to I with all of that question . eragon ( confused ) how would you find out ? brom there be clue and hint everywhere . all I have to do be pay attention . eragon ( v.0 . ) saphira , we have be find out ! I need you ! saphira do not answer . eragon look very confuse and frustrated . brom I have talk with she . she have agree to hover over we until we settle we difference . eragon how could you tal - brom now tell I , where be you go ? eragon I be go to ... find a safe place for I to rest while I heal . brom and after that . eragon I ... I be go to hunt down the stranger and kill they . 49 . brom a mighty task for one so young . certainly a worthy endeavor and one you be fit to carry out . think it strike I that help would be unwelcome . brom walk over to a large BUSH and pull out a large pack . he put it on . brom anyway , I be not go to sit around while some stripling get to run around with a dragon . a few moment pass . eragon I do not need help , but you can come . brom well then we have best be go . ( beat ) I think you will find that you be dragon will listen to you now . eragon ( v.0 . ) saphira ? ext . sky - dawn saphira soar through the cloud . saphira ( v.0 . ) yes ? ext . carvahall - the STREET - dawn eragon ( v.0 . ) will you meet we at the farm ? ext . sky - dawn saphira turn and dive downward a bit saphira ( v.o. ) so you have come to a agreement ? 50 . ext . carvahall - the STREET - dawn eragon look up at brom . eragon ( v.0 . ) I guess so . ext . sky - dawn saphira fly toward the ground and then level out . ext . carvahall - the STREET - dawn eragon adjust he pack . eragon they be probably look for I . brom probably . shall we go ? eragon I want to leave a letter with ror - brom it 's already be take care of . I send a letter to he explain a few thing . satisfactory ? eragon simply nod and they begin to walk down the street . ext . sky - day saphira dive towards the ground . brom and eragon can be see stand by the ruin of eragon 's house . ext . garrow' farm - day saphira land , smash the grass underneath she foot . brom what 's it 's name ? eragon saphira . a pleasure look cross brom 's face . 51 . eragon of all the name you give I , its the only one she like . ( beat ) I think it fit . a moment pass . brom have a unreadable look on he face . eragon wait for a moment , and then walk into what be leave of he house . he search for the spot that he room once be , and find it . he look around for a moment , and then find he bow . it 's a little scuff up , but it 's not unusable . he look around for a bit more and find he quiver . the leather be not harme at all . he smile , satisfied . after a moment , eragon walk over to saphira and brom . brom where to now ? eragon we find a place to hide . brom do you have a place in mind ? eragon yes . eragon strap he quiver to he pack with a rope and then put it on he back . eragon follow I . saphira jump into the air . ext . the forest - palencar valley - day a large , irregular clear be right in the center of the forest . eragon and brom walk into the clear . saphira land right in the center of the clear . brom do anyone else no about this ? 52 . eragon no . I find it when we first move here . ext . the forest - palencar valley - night there be now a FIRE in the center of the clear . brom and eragon be sit by it . saphira be curl up around they . brom be quietly smoking he pipe and look into the fire . eragon why do you want to travel with I ? a ring of smoke rise from brom 's mouth . brom I have vested interest in keep you alive . eragon what do you mean ? brom to put it bluntly , I 'ma storyteller and I think you will make a fine story . ( beat ) 's eragon , you be the first dragon Rider to exist out of the king 's control in over a thousand year . what will happen to you ? will you die a martyr join the varden ? or will you kill King galbatorix ? all fascinating question . and I will be there to see every bit of it . a few moment pass . eragon gaze into the fire . eragon that may be , but tell I , how can you talk to saphira . brom take a few moment to put more tobacco into he pipe . brom very well . if it 's answer you want , its answer you will get , but they may not be to you like . brom stand up and walk over to he pack near the edge of the clear . he pick it up and set it down by the fire . 53 . he then open the pack and pull out a long object , around three foot long , that be wrap in cloth . slowly , brom pull the cloth away from the object , revelling a sword . the sword have a golden handle that have a red ruby the size of a bird egg engrave in it . it 's blade be crimson red . after all of the cloth be pull away , brom hand the sword to eragon . brom this be once a rider blade . it 's name be Zar'roc . eragon swing it around a few time . eragon where would you get it ? brom take a few moment and then answer . brom it do not matter . all I will say be that it take I many nasty and dangerous adventure to attain it . eragon swing it one more time . brom ( cont 'd ) consider it yours . you have more of a claim to it than I do . and before all be do , I think you will need it . eragon hold the sword up and look at the blade . eragon it be a princely gift . I be honore . brom walk over to he pack and pull out a belt with a large sheath on it . he walk back to eragon and hand it to he . eragon take it and slowly slide the sword into it . brom now , if you must know , anyone can learn to speak to a dragon , with the right knowledge . ( more ) 54 . brom ( cont would ) I know more about dragon than almost everyone else alive ... I be offer my knowledge to you as a shortcut , for by yourself , it would take you year to learn . how I know so much , I will keep to myself . eragon and brom sit down by the fire again . eragon do you have knowledge of the stranger ? brom ah , yes . they be call the raz'ac . they be not see before galbatorix be king . Little be know about they , but I can tell you one thing : they be not human . when I glimpse one of they head I see something that resemble a beak and they have small , beady eye . how they manage to speak we tongue baffle I . brom light he pipe and suck in smoke , and let it out as a ring . brom as for they power , they be stronger than any man and can jump incredible height , but they can not use magic . be thankful for that , for if they could , you would probably already be in they grasp . eragon how many be there ? brom as far as I know , only the two you have see . but there could be more . eragon why be they search for saphira ? brom they're the king 's personal dragon hunter . whenever rumor of a dragon or dragon egg be hear by the king , he send they to search for it . 55 . everything be silent for a little while . eragon where would you get that scar on you head ? brom I be sneaking around the raz'ac 's campsite one night , try to find as my information about they as I could , when they surprised I from the shadow . I manage to get away , but not without this token of my stupidity . eragon lay back and look into the sky . eragon when you see the scar on my palm , why do not you warn I about the raz'ac ? I could have warn garrow . brom ( apologetic ) I be unsure of what to do at the time . I think I could keep the raz'ac away from you until they leave , and then confront you about saphira . but they outsmart I . its a mistake that I deeply regret and have cost you dearly . eragon sit up with a demand look on he face . eragon who be you !? I have trust you this far because saphira respects you but no more ! why do a storyteller happen to have a rider blade ? why do you know so much about the raz ' ax ? brom I think I make it clear I be not go to talk about that . eragon my uncle be dead because of you ! Dead ! you be not the person I have know all this year . explain yourself ! 56 . a few long moment pass as brom let out smoke ring from he mouth . brom you probably have not think about it , but most of my life have be spend out of carvahall . I have play many role to many people . I have a complicated past . eragon then who be you ? brom I be someone who want to help you - do not scorn that word , for they be the truest I have ever speak . but I will not answer you question . eragon I be go to sleep . eragon look at the star for a moment , and then close he eye . ext . the forest - palencar valley - dawn eragon open he eye . a few tear run down he cheek . after a moment , he wipe they away and stand up . brom be cooking breakfast over the fire . eragon walk over and sit down by the fire , with he hand under he armpit . brom good morning . eragon grunt in reply . after a few moment , eragon stand up and walk over to he pack . he pull out a large piece of leather . brom what be you go to do with that ? eragon make a saddle for saphira . brom oh ... ( beat ) well let see , there be two type of saddle for dragon . ( more ) 57 . brom ( cont would ) one that take time and tool to make , two thing we do not have , and one that be nothing more than a layer between the rider and the dragon . eragon do you know what they look like ? brom better , I can make one . ext . the forest - palencar valley - later brom tie two final strap of leather together and then stand up , hold a complete saddle . he walk over to saphira . she bend down a little , allow brom to put the saddle on she back . brom walk over to eragon and look at saphira . eragon thank you ... brom walk over to the fire . eragon turn to follow he , but stop when saphira say - saphira ( v.0 . ) be not you go to try it out ? eragon ( v.0 . ) maybe tomorrow . it 's late . ext . the forest - palencar valley - night brom and eragon be lie down by the fire . brom be smoking he pipe and eragon be stare into the fire . brom eragon , I be sorry for the way thing turn out . I do not mean for any of this to happen . eragon do not respond and avoid brom 's eye . a few moment pas . brom we will need to get horse in therinsford tomorrow . eragon you do , but I have saphira . 58 . brom shake he head . brom I can not keep up with a dragon , and it will be safer if we travel together . ext . the forest - palencar valley - dawn the sky be gray and the wind be blow . eragon and brom be walk through the forest . eragon 's sword , Zar'roc , be tie to he waist . saphira soar over the forest and then dart into the cloud . ext . a field - pelencar valley - later eragon and brom be walk through a large field . a few mile ahead the large village of therinsford can be see . the building and home sit in no particular order and look fairly run down . eragon and brom stop and look at it in disgust . ext . the STREET - therinsford - later eragon and brom walk down the crowded street . a young boy run past brom . brom turn and grab the Boy by the shoulder . the Boy turn around and look at brom . brom do you know where we can buy horse ? the Boy point up the street , where a small barn can be see . brom thank you . int . haberthas barn - moment later the door be open to the barn . horse stall line each side of the building all the way to the back . 59 . a middle - age man , haberth , be groom a beautiful white stallion , snowfire . eragon and brom walk into the barn . haberth look up at they as they walk over to he . brom that 's a beautiful animal . haberth yes , it be . it 's name be snowfire . mine 's haberth . brom and haberth shake hand . haberth can I help you ? brom we need two fast horse with a full set of tack for both . haberth walk to the back of the barn and grab two saddle off the wall . he set they on the ground . haberth walk over to a BAY horse . he also look at the BAY in the stall beside the first . haberth will this do ? brom look at the first Bay . brom we will wake he . brom look at the second . brom the other , I be not so sure of . haberth he 's get a good pair of leg on " they . brom mmm ...how much will you take snowfire ? haberth glance at snowfire . 60 . haberth I do not wish to sell he . he 's the finest I have ever breed . brom if you be willing to part with he , how much would all this cost I ? haberth do not respond for a moment . haberth 200 coin , no less . brom pull out a bag of coin and count through it . after a moment , he hand it to haberth . brom will this do ? haberth look in the bag of coin and then at snowfire . ext . the STREET - therinsford - moment later brom be lead snowfire down the street by he reign and eragon be guide the Bay . brom quickly lead snowfire into a small alley between two house . eragon follow he , confuse . brom take snowfire and go to the far side of therinsford . wait for I there . brom hand eragon the reign to snowfire . eragon look at the reign , still confuse . eragon why ? brom be already go . eragon shake he head . ext . side field - therinsford - day eragon be stand right outside the side gate to therinsford with snowfire and the Bay . after a moment , brom walk through the gate and to eragon . brom grab snowfire 's reign and begin to walk away from therinsford . 61 . brom come . ext . forest - day eragon be walk toward the edge of the forest , hold the Bay 's reign . brom be behind he , guide snowfire . after a moment , eragon and brom enter the forest . brom jump onto snowfire 's saddle . eragon look at the Bay , nervous . brom hurry , we have far to go . eragon slowly mount the Bay and look at brom . brom nod he head and then snowfire begin to walk through the forest . eragon struggle to get the Bay to move , but after a moment , they begin to walk behind brom . brom the raz 'ac have defiantly be through here . a man back in town tell I . he say they fle like demon from a holy man . eragon but why would they come through therinsford ? brom apparently to get horse , like we . ext . forest - dusk eragon and brom ride they horse into a small clear , and then slide off the saddle and look around . eragon turn and look at the Bay . brom you should name he . eragon rub the side of the Bay 's face . eragon I do not have anything as majestic as snowfire , but maybe this will do . eragon pause for a moment 62 . eragon I name you cadoc . eragon look at brom . eragon it be my grandfather name . brom nod , approvingly . eragon sit down and arrange a small pile of tender . suddenly , saphira crash through the tree and land in the clear . eragon and brom look at she . eragon ( v.0 . ) how do the plain look ? saphira ( v.0 . ) dull . only rabbit and small shrub can be see for mile . eragon shake he head and turn around . brom catch ! a wooden sword crack into eragon 's forehead . eragon yelp in pain and grab he head . eragon look up at brom , who be fly toward he with he own sword . eragon jump out of the way and grab the wooden sword brom have throw at he . brom , obviously better than eragon , smack eragon on the back of the leg with the sword . eragon fall to the ground and yelp . eragon what be you do ?! brom plunge toward eragon again , and crack the wooden blade of he sword across eragon 's chest . eragon gasp 's for air and fall down again . eragon be you mad ?! 63. brom well you can not just go fight the raz ’ac ! look at you ! can not even stay on you foot . eragon stand up and grab he wooden sword . he run toward brom and swing the sword at he . brom quickly dodge the attack and slap eragon on the back . ext . forest - dawn the sun be just rise over the tree top . eragon and saphira be sleep . brom quickly run over to eragon and shake he . brom eragon , wake up . and then walk over to he backpack and continue to pack thing up . eragon slowly open he eye and slowly sit up , wince at the pain in he body . he grunt . brom good morning . eragon scowl . brom I just want you to be ready when we find they ... eragon slowly stand to he foot . eragon I will not be able to move if we meet they , much less fight ! behind he , saphire pick she head up off the ground . she stand up . brom we need to get a move on it . we have get a mile to go before we reach the plain . 64 . ext . forest - later eragon be riding cadoc and brom be on snowfire . they be quickly travel downhill . ext . the plain 's - day eragon and brom , on they horse back , come out of the forest and stop at the edge of the plain . to the right of eragon and brom about a half a mile away , the anora river can be see . it stretch off in the opposite direction of brom and eragon . brom point at it - brom that 's the anora River , and we only source of water from until we reach yazuac , which be where , I think , the raz ’ac have go . eragon where 's that ? brom due east , and four day away , if all go well . it 's a small village by the ninor River . sapphire land abruptly beside brom and eragon . saphire ( v.0 . ) there 's no where to hide on the plain . i’1l have to fly above you . ext . the sky - dusk eragon and brom ride across the plain on cadoc and snowfire with great speed . a small village , yuzuac , can be see a half a mile ahead of they . behind yuzuac be the ninor river . saphire land by the river and duck down to hide . ext . the plain 's - dusk eragon and brom stop about one hundred foot away from yuzuac 's front gate . eragon it 's quiet . 65 . brom do not mean anything , though . eragon no dog bark . they should must have see we by now . brom yes , they should have . eragon could be a trap . brom still , we need provision . eragon I do not think we should do it . brom we have to . but not like fool ... eragon what do you mean ? brom well , if there be a ambush , it would be at the front gate . so ... eragon we enter from the back brom draw he sword and set it across he lap . ext . yuzuac - STREET - later eragon and brom slowly ride into the city on they horse . eragon be behind brom . a few moment of silence pass and then they come around a corner . right in front of they be a pile of dead body . eragon cover he noe and look away . brom close he eye in sadness . eragon who would do this ? brom the urgal 's . 66 . eragon look down at the pile . lying in the pile be a lifeless middle - age woman . she be hold tightly to she a dead baby . tear form in eragon 's eye . he look away . brom do you want to wait outside the city until I be do ? eragon no. I be fine . brom look around for a moment . suddenly , two urgal 's jump out of nowhere and attack brom . they each have axe . brom fight back with he sword , with obvious skill and knowledge of the blade . after a moment , one of the urgal 's axe hack into brom 's arm . he scream . eragon begin to panic . eragon what do I do ? what I do ? suddenly , eragon jump off of cadoc , hold he sword , Zar ’oc , and start run toward they , scream in fear and rage . the urgal 's look surprised , but turn and begin to defend themselves . after a few moment of fight , eragon turn and run away , lead the urgal 's into a alley . ext . yuzuac - alley - same time eragon run into the alley and realize its a dead -end . he turn around , but the urgal 's already have he cornere . eragon drop he sword and pull he bow and arrow from he back . he aim it at the urgal . eragon fire , but it hit the urgal 's shield . eragon get another arrow and aim it at the urgal 's again . he close he eye and let out a deep breath . after a moment , he let the string go and scream - eragon brisingr ! 67 . the arrow light on fire with a blue flame and hit the lead urgal in the forehead . a shock - wave of blue explode from the arrow and kill all the other urgal 's , but pass through eragon . eragon look surprised at what he just do . he look at the symbol on he palm . it 's glow brightly . he bend down ext . yuzuac - STREET - moment later eragon run over to brom and help he off he horse . eragon look at brom 's arm . it 's badly damage . eragon close he eye and look up for a moment . after a few moment pass , saphira land in the street in rage . saphira ( v.0 . ) where be the one who do this ? i’1l rip they apart ! eragon they be dead . saphira ( v.0 . ) you kill they ? eragon nod he head . eragon ( v.0 . ) brom will have to ride on you back , saphira . brom sit up , wince at the pain in he arm . brom no , I be fine . really . we must leave quickly . eragon where do we go ? brom teirm . I have a old friend there . ext . the plain 's - day eragon and brom ride they horse quickly across the plain . brom be lean over . he 's hold he arm . 68 . ext . the plain 's - later eragon and brom continue to ride across the plain . ext . the plain 's - later about a mile ahead of eragon and brom , the edge of mountain 's can be see . both of they horse quicken they speed . ext . front field - teirm - day eragon and brom ride across the front field of teirm . behind the city lie the ocean , sparkling in the sunlight . ext . front field - teirm - moment later eragon and brom slow they horse down to a walk . eragon look at brom . eragon will we go by we own name ? brom no . people have a tendency to remember thing they should not . I will be Neal and you will be my nephew Evan . eragon look up at the sky . for just a second , though the cloud , eragon see saphira 's body fly by . he close he eye . eragon ( v.0 . ) you should land somewhere and hide . we be go in . saphira ( v.0 . ) stick you nose where it do not belong ... again ! eragon open he eye and shake he head with a slight smile . after a moment , eragon and brom come to the front gate of teirm . 69 . ext . front gate - teirm - same time eragon and brom slowly ride through the gate . the guard eye they suspiciously . ext . the STREET - teirm - same time eragon and brom slowly ride down the crowded street . among the rooftop , knight be station . all along the street Knights can be see stand around . everyone seem to have a unpleasant look about they . eragon this place look ready for war . brom teirm have a history of get attack by Pirates , urgal 's , and other enemy . teirm be the center of commerce Conflict will always arise where rich be so abundant . eragon oh ... eragon and brom continue to ride down the street . after a moment , brom turn down another street . eragon realize it and start to follow he . eragon where be we go ? brom my old friend life down this road , if I remember correctly . ext . jeod 's house - teirm - later jeod 's house be two storey high and be connect to building on the leave and right . it look to be live in by someone rich . brom knock on the wooden door . after a moment , he knock again . a moment later , the sound of foot move toward the door can be hear . the door slightly crack open . through the crack , we can see the eye of jeod ( 55 ) , a gray haire and weary look man . 70 . jeod who be it ? do you have a appointment ? brom no . jeod well , then you 'il have to come back at a later time . I be very busy . jeod start to close the door , but brom stop it with he foot . brom wo not you let we in for only a moment . we have come a long way to see you and can not stay long . jeod open the door a bit more . his eye widen as he see brom . jeod brom ? brom shh ... I do not want anyone to know we name . jeod open the door enough that he can get a good look at brom . jeod I --i -- think you be dead . brom it 's be a long time ... jeod look around the street wearily and then motion for brom and eragon to come inside . jeod please , come in . int . jeod 's house - same time jeod , brom , and eragon walk down a long hallway . eragon look around curiously . after a moment , they all come to a stop in front of a large wooden double - door . 71 . brom look down at eragon . brom eragon , why do not you look around outside for a little while at let we talk about a few thing . eragon nod he head and turn around . brom try not to draw attention to yourself , though . I do not want anyone know we be here . eragon nod he head again and then turn to walk out the door . ext . the STREET - teirm - day eragon walk out of jeod 's house and into the street . he look around . connect to the right of jeod 's house be a small shop . Inside through small window , plant can be see . eragon wait a moment and then walk toward the door of the shop . int . shop - teirm - moment later eragon walk in through the door and walk through the small shop . all around , plant and flower sit on small , wooden table . after a moment , a large werecat , a slightly abnormal look cat like creature , walk up and purr at eragon . eragon look down at it . eragon close he eye . eragon ( v.0 . ) I be a friend . after a moment , a voice be hear . werecat ( v.0 . ) you do not have to do that . eragon open he eye . eragon ( v.0 . ) saphira ? 72 . eragon look around . after a moment , he close he eye again . eragon look around and see what look like a wooden rod . he reach out for it werecat ( v.0 . ) that would not be wise . eragon look up in surprise . eragon ( v.0 . ) stop play game saphira . eragon turn and reach for the wooden rod again . he grab it . suddenly , a shock of electricity shoot through eragon . he fall to the ground , writhe . after a moment he stop . the cat walk over to he . werecat ( v.0 . ) you be not very smart for a dragon Rider . I do warn you . eragon 's eye get big . eragon ( v.0 . ) you say that ! werecat ( v.0 . ) who else ? eragon ( v.0 . ) but you be just a cat ! the werecat jump on eragon 's chest and stick its claw into he . werecat ( v.0 . ) do I look like other cat to you ? eragon ( v.0 . ) no ... werecat ( v.0 . ) then what make you think I be one ? eragon start to say something , but the werecat dig its claw into he chest even more . werecat ( v.0 . ) I - to correct you - be a werecat . there be not many of we leave , but I would have think a farm boy would have hear of we . 73 . eragon ( v.0 . ) I do not know you be real . werecat ( v.0 . ) know and be be two different thing . I do not know you exist before you come in here and ruin my nap , but that do not mean you be real do it ? eragon ( v.0 . ) I be sorry I disturb you . werecat ( v.0 . ) I be get up anyway . the werecat jump off eragon and start to walk away . eragon ( v.0 . ) wait ! what 's you name ? werecat ( v.0 . ) you may call I solembum . suddenly , a woman walk up to eragon . this be angela ( 30 ) , a blond haire and slightly crazy look woman . eragon look up at she and jump to he foot . eragon I be sorry ... I be ... angela talk to the werecat ? eragon you can talk to he too ? angela of course ! anyone can . that do not mean he 'il talk back , though . there 's a bit of silence . angela now tell I , I have not see you around here before . what bring you here and where be you go ? eragon the first I can not answer and the second ... my future be impossible to see .... 74 . angela well let fix that . eragon look confuse . int . shop - back room - later eragon and Angela sit around a small table . Angela be hold three bone . eragon ready ? eragon nod . angela manin ! wyrda ! hugin ! Angela throw the bone out onto the table . she study they for a moment and then let out a long sigh . eragon what 's wrong ? angela this be the hardest read I have ever do . you be right . you future be nigh impossible to see . I have never see someone 's fate so tangle . eragon and Angela sit in silence for a little while . angela well - Angela point at one of the bone . angela ( cont ’d ) I 'il start here , because its the easiest to understand . Angela stop for a moment and think . angela infinity or long life . it 's the first time I have ever see it come up in a person future . Angela put she hand on the three bone . angela now the bone grow harder to read . here the wander path , lightning bolt , and sailing ship all lie together - a pattern I have never see , only hear of . ( beat ) the wander path mean you have many choice in you future , some you be make even now . I see battle raging all around you . many future await you - all of they lead to blood and conflict . Angela close she eye for a moment . angela the lightning bolt be a terrible omen . there be a doom upon you , but of what sort I know not . part of it lie with in a death - one that rapidly approach and will cause you much grief . but the rest await in a great journey . look closely at this bone and you will see that it rest on the sailing ship , which be impossible to misunderstand . it mean that you will leave this land forever , never to return . but to where be a mystery ... Angela open she eye . angela next be a bit more pleasant . Angela smile . angela ( cont ’d ) a epic romance . I be not sure if this love will end happily , but you love be of noble birth and heritage . eragon smile . angela now , the last one be the tree and the hawthorn root , which cross each other strongly . I wish this be not so - for it can only mean more trouble - but betrayal be clear ( more ) 75 . 76 . angela ( cont would ) and it will come from within you family . eragon roran would not do that ! angela I would not know ... but the bone have never lie . eragon well , thank you for read my future . but I really must be go . angela you welcome ! but tell I , what be you name ? eragon eva- I mean , eragon . angela be that who you be or you name ? eragon ( smiling ) both . angela well , then , now I be all the more interested in see how you life turn out . eragon smile . ext . jeod 's house - teirm - day eragon walk up onto the porch and into the house . int . jeod 's house - teirm - day eragon walk down the hallway and come to the large double - door . he be about to open it but hear brom and jeod 's voice inside . he stop and look through the crack in the middle of the door . jeod ( 0.s. ) so we ... friend know that you be alive all along ? brom ( 0.s. ) yes. 77 . jeod and brom continue to talk , but low enough that they can not be understand . eragon step back with a confuse look on he face . after a moment , he step forward and walk into the large office . book and scroll be stack all around the wall and in book case . a small desk sit in front of a large window ( that be close ) . brom and jeod be sit in two rock chair opposite of each other . brom and jeod stop talk when eragon come in . they look up at he . ext . jeod 's house - teirm - night the street be no longer crowded . no one can be see except for Knights scattered all over the roof top of the city . int . jeod 's house - bedroom - night eragon and brom be each sit in two chair in front of a small fireplace . behind they be two small bed and a window , but that 's it . eragon look at brom , who be stare into the fire . eragon brom ? brom hmm ? eragon who be you ... friend that jeod be talk about earlier ? brom do not answer for a minute . brom he be talk about the varden . eragon I hear talk about they back at thorns bar . everyone say that they seek to destroy we all . brom no ... they seek to destroy evil ... King galbatorix . 78 . eragon will we go to they after the raz’zac be destroy ? brom I do not know ... eragon where be they ? brom they lie somewhere in the beor Mountains , across the hadarack desert . eragon sit back in he chair . brom you best get some rest . we leave tomorrow . ext . front field - teirm - dawn eragon and brom ride quickly across the front field of teirm . ext . mountain side - day eragon and brom ride down a small path cut into the side of the mountain . Mountains surround they everywhere in the background . above they , saphira can be see fly through the cloud . ext . mountain side - camp - night eragon and brom be sit beside a small fire . eragon look up at brom . eragon I have a idea . brom what kind of idea ? eragon be it possible to conjure a image of something you can not see with magic ? brom what you be talk about be scry . it can be extremely helpful , but it have its drawback . if you be to scry the raz’zac , you would not be able to see they surroundings because you have not see it before . eragon how do it work ? do you make a image in thin air ? brom not usually . it 's easier to do it in a reflective surface such as a pool of water or mirror . eragon May I try it ? brom no , not now . you be tired , and scry take lot of strength . I will tell you the word you have to say , but you must promise I you will not attempt it tonight . eragon I promise . brom lean forward a bit . brom draumr kopa . 79 . eragon close he eye and mouth the word a few time to memorize it . eragon maybe tomorrow I can scry roran . I be afraid that the raz’zac might go after he . brom lean back and sigh . brom I do not mean to frighten you , but that be a distinct possibility . although roran be go while the raz’zac be in caravahall , I be sure they still ask question about he . ( more ) 80 . brom ( cont would ) if they get frustrated enough they 'il go back and interrogate roran . it 's only a matter of time . in the darkness of the forest that grow on the Mountain side , a loud rustling can be hear . brom look into the darkness . brom ( whisper ) what be that ? eragon look over into the forest eragon I do not know . brom must have be a bird or something . I think I see something , though . suddenly , eragon scream out in pain and fall to the ground , unconscious . ext . mountain side - camp - dawn eragon 's Pov : eragon 's eye open . his vision be blurry for a few moment but it clear up after a moment , and everything come into view . end eragon 's Pov : tear be rush out of eragon 's eye . he wince at the pain in the back of he head , where a bunch of dry up blood be . after a moment , he begin to panic as he realize that he arm and leg be tie together . he look around and see brom be tie up , but be unconscious . a hiss laugh can be hear off screen . out from the wood walk two raz’zac . one be slightly taller than the other . the tall raz ’zac walk over to eragon , who be struggle to get free . raz ’ac # 1 none of that now . the second and short raz’zac walk over to brom and drag he a few foot in front of eragon . 81 . the raz’zac pull brom 's head back and hold a dagger to he throat . just then , a arrow fly out of nowhere and strike the raz’zac in the shoulder . he let out a loud howl and then drop to the ground , avoid another arrow . the taller raz’zac rush over to the short one and pull he behind a small rock a few foot away . brom stand up and stumble toward eragon . eragon get down ! brom drop to he knee in front of eragon . his eye turn red and become blood -shot . he fall forward . the raz’zac 's dagger be stick out of he back . eragon ( scream ) no !!! eragon 's head slowly fall backward and then pass out again . black screen ... int . cave - dawn eragon open he eye slowly and realize where he be . he be lie on the ground in a large cave . beside he lie saphira , asleep . eragon look around and see a young man , murtagh ( 20 ) , a black haire man with batter clothes , sit by a small fire . in murtagh 's lap be a bow , and behind he be a gray war - hour call tornac . eragon who be you ? murtagh tighten he grip on he bow . murtagh murtagh . eragon why do you help we ? murtagh you be not the only enemy of the raz 's zac . 82 . after a moment , eragon stand up and try to walk , but fall backward as pain explode in he side . he yelp as he fall to the ground . murtagh try to run over to eragon , but saphira block he way and let out a loud '' growl ! '' murtagh I would have help you earlier , but you dragon would not let I . eragon ( wincing ) her name 's saphira . eragon look up at saphira . eragon ( v.0 . ) now let he through ! he save we life ! saphira let out another '' growl '' and move out of the way . murtagh quickly walk over to eragon and help he to he foot . eragon how be brom ? eragon , with murtagh 's help , walk over to brom , who be sleep . murtagh I be only able to heal what be on the surface . I do not know what damage may have be cause on the inside . int . cave - night eragon be lie by the fire , asleep . murtagh be lie on the other side of the fire , also asleep . eragon role over . his eye flicker behind the lid . int . jail cell - dream sequence Arya be lie on a small , brick bed that hang from the wall by two chain . 83 . Arya 's face be bruise and have dry blood on it . Arya look up toward we . sadness cover she face . saphira ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) eragon , wake up ! ( beat ) wake up ! ( beat ) eragon ! everything fade to white . ext . cave - night eragon sit up quickly , wince at the pain in he side . he turn and look at saphira , who be stand beside brom 's twitching body . saphira ( v.0 . ) something 's wrong . eragon jump to he foot and run over to brom . brom open he eye and look up at eragon . brom 's eye look bloodshot and he face be extremely pale . brom get I the wine-skin , boy . eragon but - brom just get I the wine-skin ! eragon turn quickly and grab a wine - skin from he pack . eragon take the cap off and hand it to brom . brom gulp down the wine and then set the wine-skin down . brom come closer . eragon slide a bit closer to brom 's body . brom I - I - have something to tell you eragon . something I could not tell you before . 84 . brom turn he hand over , revealing the same blue oval on he palm that eragon have . eragon look at it with surprise . eragon you a-a -a Rider . brom once upon a time ... ( beat ) my dragon 's name be saphira , like yours , until she be take away from I . eragon , guard saphira with you life , because without she it 's hardly worth live . eragon look at saphira for a moment and then back at brom , who 's face be much paler now . brom era-era-eragon ... brom 's body suddenly go limp . ext . cave - dawn eragon , saphira , and murtagh all walk out of the cave . brom 's body be tie to saphira 's back . ext . mountain top - dawn eragon , murtagh , and saphira surround brom 's body , which be lie in a large , square hole . tear fill eragon 's eye as he star at brom . saphira step forward and bring she mouth down to brom 's grave . a low humming noise be hear come from she stomach . a diamond surface appear over brom 's grave , cover he body . saphira pull she head back , satisfied . saphira ( v.0 . ) I give the only gift I could . now time will not ravage he . eragon ( v.0 . ) thank you . 85 . int . cave - day eragon grab he pack off the ground and sling it over he back . after that , he bend down and grab Zar’roc off the ground and slide it in he sheath that be strapped to he side . murtagh walk up from behind eragon . murtagh do you have a place to go that you will be safe ? eragon no . murtagh then I will stay with you until we find a place for you to stay . eragon I cannot ask you to stay with I . the entire Empire be after I . murtagh and that mean I may have another shot at the raz’zac if I stay with you . besides , it 's not like I have anything better to do . ext . cave - day eragon walk out of the cave pull cadoc along . he rub cadoc 's face and then take he reign off and motion for he to go . eragon you must leave I now . you be free . cadoc walk away after eragon start push he . murtagh and saphira come out of the cave and stop by eragon . ext . the plain 's - day eragon be on snowfire and murtagh be on tornac . they be riding across the endless plain 's . saphira be glide in the air high above they . 86 . ext . jail cell - dream sequence eragon Pov : Arya look at eragon with tear in she eye . her body be cover with bruise . after a moment , she collapse . ext . the plain 's - night eragon , saphira , and murtagh be lie on the ground , asleep . tornac and snowfire be also asleep . about three mile ahead of they be gil 's ead , a large city . eragon sit up , grasp Zarnroc pommel . he look around for a moment but do not see anything . he lay back down and close he eye . a loud grow come from a urgal a little way away from eragon . eragon open he eye , in surprise and fear , and sit up . he grab Zar ’roc and stand to he foot . eragon ( whisper ) murtagh ! murtagh slowly open he eye and sit up . murtagh what ? eragon ( whisper ) look . murtagh spot the urgal and jump to he foot , grab he sword beside he on the ground . eragon where do he come from ? the urgal begin to let out loud growl and hit its chest . eragon brisingr ! a blue bolt flash from eragon 's sword and explode the urgal 's head . 87 . loud growl be hear behind eragon . they turn around . a group of fifty urgal 's be run toward they , sword draw . eragon hold Zar’roc in a battle position . eragon of all the stupid trick to fall for ! the urgal 's crash into eragon and murtagh . saphira wake up , growl . the urgal 's run toward she . eragon saphira , fly ! saphira jump up into the air . eragon be hit over the back of the head by a urgal , fall to the ground ... unconscious . int . prison - jail cell - dusk eragon open he eye . after a few moment he realize where he be . he sit up and grab he head , groan at the pain . after a moment , a guard walk into eragon 's cell with a plate of food and a pitcher of water . he set it down beside eragon and then walk away , lock the cell door . eragon pick up the pitcher of water and sniff it . he look of disgust cross he face . after a moment , he take a sip of the water . he shiver from the taste . int . prison - hallway - later the sound of voice can be hear down the hallway . after a moment , a dark figure come into view . int . prison - jail cell - same time eragon be lie on he bed sleep . the cell door creek as it open . eragon open he eye and sit up . 88. durza be stand in front of he . eragon look confuse and very scared . eragon ( slur ) who be you ? durza no one of consequence . my name be not what be important here . what be important be who you be . eragon 's eye get large . he look around . eragon I do not really know ... my name be eragon , but that 's not all I be be it ? durza no , it be not . durza stand up . durza I will be back soon , my young Rider . and you will have a choice to make . eragon what choice ? durza what side you be on . eragon oh ... durza walk toward the door but stop and turn around . durza and eragon - eragon look up . durza ( cont ’d ) make the right choice or I swear to you I will kill you . durza smile slightly and then walk away . his footstep can be hear walk away . eragon wait for a moment and then stand up . 89 . eragon what on earth be a shade do here ! ( beat ) I have to get out of here . eragon walk up to the door and hold he hand out . the lock shift and the door open slightly . eragon smile and then walk out . int . prison - hallway - same time eragon walk down the hallway quietly , look around for guard . eragon I have to find Zar’roc . suddenly , the sound of panic voice can be hear , and seven Guards walk around the corner , sword draw . guard # 1 get he ! they charge toward eragon . eragon hold he hand out in front of he . eragon brisingr ! Three of the Guard 's head explode and they limp body fall to the ground . the other four Guards slow down a bit , fear in they eye , bit still continue run toward eragon . eragon look tired . he hold he hand out in front of he again . eragon I can not do this . ( beat ) brisin - a arrow strike one of the Guards in the back of the head and he fall over , revealing a hooded figure , hold a bow , at the end of the hallway . the figure draw another arrow and shoot it into another Guard . 90 . eragon hold out he hand . eragon brisingr ! two more Guards fall over dead . the figure shoot a arrow at the last Guard and hit he in the shoulder . the Guard fall to the ground , scream in pain . eragon run up the Guard . eragon where be my sword ? and what cell be the elf in ? guard # 1 what sword ?! eragon it have a red blade ! the Guard do not answer . eragon tell I - eragon bend down and pick up a small piece of dirt eragon ( cont 'd ) or i’1l place this piece of dirt in you chest , and slowly it will painfully burn through you inside . now tell I ! the Guard still do not answer . eragon have it you way . eragon close he eye . the piece of dirt start glow in red . guard # 1 no ! I x11 tell you ! just do not put that in I ! eragon where be it ? 91 . guard # 1 I really do not know , but it could be in the guardroom upstairs . and the elf be in the last cell to the leave . eragon thank you . the figure walk up behind eragon . eragon quickly turn around . eragon who be you ? the figure take its hood off . it 's murtagh ! eragon murtagh ! ( beat ) let 's go . eragon begin to walk away , but stop when murtagh do not follow he . the sound of a arrow be shot into armor can be hear . eragon quickly turn around . a arrow be stick out of the Guards chest . eragon why have you kill he ?! murtagh he 's we enemy ! eragon he do not do anything to you ! murtagh why should I show he mercy he would not have show I ?! eragon you be such a- ( beat ) never mind . we have to go ! eragon run to the end of the hallway and stop at the last cell on the leave . Inside be Arya , lie unconscious on the floor . she be badly bruise . 92 . eragon close he eye and hold he hand in front of the cell door . the lock shift and the door open . eragon walk in and murtagh follow . eragon stop in front of she . eragon I can not carry she . I be too tired . murtagh then I 'il do it . murtagh pick Arya up and throw she over he shoulder . merlock let 's go ! we have to hurry . you get out by yourself kind of mess up my plan . eragon smile and then they run out of the cell . int . prison - guardroom - night eragon run into the room , out of breath . murtagh , carry Arya , walk into the room a moment later . there be weapon on shelf all over the guardroom . in the corner of the room be Zar’roc . eragon run over to Zar’roc and strap it to he side . eragon close he eye . eragon ( v.0 . ) saphira ! you have to come ! saphira ( v.0 . ) I be on my way ! footstep be hear come from the hallway . eragon and murtagh look at each other , scared . suddenly , durza walk into the guardroom . eragon and murtagh be nowhere to be see . eragon be hide in the corner of the room , behind a large shelf . fear cover he face . suddenly , durza 's head poke around the side of the shelf . durza hello there . 93 . eragon jump to he foot and draw Zar’roc . durza draw he sword and back away from eragon . durza fool . do you think you can beat I ? durza swing he sword at eragon . eragon swiftly pull Zar ’roc up to block it . druza push eragon back with he foot . eragon hit the wall . durza walk up to eragon and hold he sword out , ready to push it into eragon . murtagh ( 0.s. ) hey ! durza turn around , angry . a arrow strike he in the chest . durza yank it out and throw it on the ground . murtagh draw another arrow back , ready to fire . durza begin to walk toward he . a arrow strike he in the forehead . durza let out a loud howl and then explode . eragon you kill he ! no man have ever be able to kill a shade ! murtagh smile proudly . guard ( 0.s. ) he fail ! let 's go ! ten guard rush into the room , sword draw . suddenly , the room begin to shake and piece of wood begin to fall from the roof . the Guards look up in fear . saphira crash through the roof and land on the floor . ext . sky - night saphira fly high into the sky with eragon , murtagh , and Arya on she back . down below gil ’ead can be see . arrow begin to fly from the outer wall . they pierce saphira 's wing . saphira let out a loud growl ! 94 . murtagh where do we go ? eragon we have to go across the hadarack Desert . the Empire will be search day and night for we . but they will not dare cross the hadarack murtagh that 's because they be smart ! eragon we have no choice ! murtagh look take back . fear grow in he eye . murtagh we have to go back and get we horse . ext . hadarack desert - day eragon and murtagh be ridding they horse over the hadarack Desert , which continue on to the horizon . saphira , carry a tie down Arya on she back , dive down from the sky and get closer to the ground . saphira ( v.0 . ) eragon , something be wrong with she . ext . hadarack desert - moment later saphira be now land , sit on the ground provide shade for eragon , Arya , and murtagh . Arya 's face be red and wet with sweat . murtagh what be you go to do ? eragon I do not know . eragon look around , think . suddenly , he face light up . eragon I can connect with animal mind maybe I can do it with she . 95 . eragon put he hand on Arya 's forehead and close he eye . suddenly everything get 's blurry and distort . nothing can be see but eragon and Arya . arya ( v.0 . ) you must get I to the varden . there be no time to waste . eragon ( v.0 . ) how do I get there ? image sequence the image of a waterfall appear . another image of a large valley appear and then blur out ext . hadarack desert - same time eragon and Arya . arya ( v.0 . ) you must make for the beor Mountains on the other side of the hadarack Desert . I only have a few more day leave if you do not get I there . eragon ( v.0 . ) I understand . arya ( v.0 . ) the varden must be warn . the fate of alagaesia be in you hand . eragon ( v.0 . ) warned of what ?! Arya do not respond . suddenly , everything come back into view and be in focus . eragon gasp for air and fall back onto he back murtagh what happen ?! eragon we must hurry ! 96 . ext . hadarack desert - night eragon and murtagh continue to ride they horse across the Desert . saphira glide over top of they with Arya on she back . ext . hadarack desert - dawn as eragon and murtagh ride , the bottom of huge mountain be reveal in front of they a few mile away . eragon ( joyfully ) we make it . eragon and murtagh begin to ride even faster . ext . beor mountain - valley - night eragon and murtagh be riding through the valley . murtagh stop and climb off of tornac . eragon stop snowfire and turn around . eragon what be you do ? murtagh go to sleep . eragon we must ride through the night . she will not make it if we stop . murtagh we will not make it if we do not stop . eragon sigh and climb off of snowfire . saphira land a few foot away from eragon and murtagh . eragon walk over to saphira and climb on she back . eragon I be go hunt . we need food . saphira jump into the air and fly away . 97 . ext . sky - night eragon look down at the ground from saphira 's back . a few moment pass . all be silent . eragon seem to be interested in something . he point into the distance . eragon ( v.0 . ) get closer to the ground . saphira slowly drift downward . directly below she be a group of five thousand march urgal 's and kull , beast that look the same as urgal 's only much larger . eragon ( v.0 . ) hurry , saphira ! we must get back to murtagh ! saphira begin to flap she wing , bolt they forward . ext . beor mountain - valley - night saphira , with eragon and Arya on she back , abruptly land on the ground in front of a sleep murtagh . murtagh jump up to he foot , sword in hand . after a moment , he realize that it 's eragon . murtagh what be it ? eragon we must go ! murtagh what ? eragon quickly ! ext . beor mountain - valley - night eragon and murtagh ride they horse through the Valley quickly . saphira soar through the air above they , with Arya on she back . just ahead of they be a waterfall , the one in the image Arya show eragon . 98 . eragon there ! ext . valley - waterfall - night eragon and murtagh quickly stop they horse , just in front of the pool of water in front of the waterfall . murtagh why be we here ? eragon this be where Arya tell I to go . the varden be somewhere around here . murtagh ( surprise / scare ) the varden ? eragon yes . now look for a entran - suddenly , a giant kull jump out of nowhere , sling he axe at eragon . eragon quickly dodge the axe and draw Zar’roc . saphira jump into the pool and disappear under the water eragon they be here . hundred of kull and urgal 's begin to flood the Valley , attack eragon and murtagh . eragon and murtagh be push back to the edge of the water . Three kull run toward eragon , but right before they get to he saphira jump out of the water , growl . the kull stop in they track and begin to back away . saphira swing she long neck forward and grab two of the kull in she mouth and then throw they into the air . saphira jump into the air , grab three urgal 's with she claw , crush they . she sling they body into the crowd of monster . eragon and murtagh continue to fight , obviously tired . 99 . a kull jump on eragon , send he fly back into the water . the kull growl loudly and fall over dead , and arrow stick out it 's back . suddenly , arrow begin to fly everywhere , kill the urgal 's and kull . eragon be pull up onto the shore . he look around , confuse . behind he stand orik , a dwarf dress in armor . eragon look surprised . beside eragon be murtagh . he look in front of he . varden soldier be fight the urgal 's and kull , kill all of they . suddenly egraz , a bald man dress in purple and golden robe , walk up behind murtagh and put a knife to he throat . egraz you must come with I . eragon what be you do ?! int . tunnel - night egraz lead murtagh down the hallway , still hold the knife around he neck . behind they be eragon , saphira at he side . they be surround by guard . behind eragon and saphira be orik , who be lead tornac and snowfire down the tunnel . and behind orik be two varden Soldiers who be carry Arya on a large board . orik turn and lead the horse down another tunnel . after a moment , egraz turn off into a large room . egraz stop in the middle of the room , knife still around murtagh 's neck , and motion for eragon and saphira to stand in front of he . eragon the elf , she need medicine . she 's go to die ! 100 . egraz no one will leave this room until you have be test ! eragon but she 's 1l1 - egraz you word be meaningless until you have be test ! suddenly , orik walk into the room . orik do not be a fool , egraz ! ajihad will have both we head if we allow a elf to die ! egraz 's eye narrow . egraz very well . take she to a healer the varden Soldiers carry Arya out of the room . egraz now ... prepare to be examine ! eragon look straight into egraz 's eye . eragon I be ready . orik stand beside egraz . orik you better not hurt he , edgraz . else the King will have word for you . egraz look at orik , annoyed . and then smile . egraz only if he resist . egraz and eragon both close they eye . egraz hold he right hand out in front of he and chant we inaudible word . everything but eragon and egraz be go . eragon wince . a image of garrow 's dead body flash by and then disappear . 101 . a image of durza sit in the jail cell flash by and then disappear . eragon begin to tremble at the pain . everything become distort and then everything come into view . eragon fall forward , gasp for air . egraz push murtagh forward , where eragon be just stand . egraz you be turn . fear grow in murtagh 's eye . egraz chant more inaudible word and everything but murtagh and himself disappear . surprise cover egraz 's face . everything distort and then become clear as everything come back into view . egraz look around in fear and surprise . orik what be it ? egraz Guards ! Guards ! take this man away ! eragon for what !? egraz point at murtagh . egraz he ...he be the son of morzan , the one who betrayed the rider to galbatorix ! eragon look shocked and sad . all be silent . murtagh look at eragon sadly . egraz take he away ! two varden Soldiers grab murtagh by the arm and pull he out of the room . after a moment , egraz look at eragon . egraz you ... will go to ajihad . 102 . int . tunnel - night eragon and saphira be follow orik , who be run down a tunnel . eragon where be my horse ? orik you horse have be take care of . you will ride you dragon . orik stop at a huge set of double door , where two varden Soldiers stand . orik motion for eragon to get on saphira . eragon turn and climb up onto saphira 's saddle . the two varden Soldiers open the door , revealing a huge crowd of 20,000 varden peasant . saphira step forward and the peasant begin to cheer loudly . int . tronjheim - night saphira walk through the crowd of peasant toward another large set of double door on the other side of tronjheim , which be a large CITY inside a mountain . all over tronjheim be small house build out of stone . int . ajihad 's study - night eragon , follow by saphira , be walk through ajihad 's study . it be a large , beautiful , book - fill study . on the far side , where eragon and saphira be walk to , there be a large desk and tall and thick man . ajihad , a dark skinned man in he late 30s . ajihad turn and look at eragon and saphira , who stop in front of he desk . ajihad welcome , eragon . eragon nod he head . eragon thank you . there be a long moment of silence . ajihad look sad . 103 . ajihad the loss of brom bring great sadness to my heart . but he do leave something behind . something that will ensure we success ... eragon look confuse . ajihad you . eragon what do you expect I to accomplis ? ajihad I will explain in full later - now there be mor urgent matter . the news of galbatorix form a alliance with the urgal be serious . if galbatorix if gather a urgal army to attack we the varden will be hard - press to survive . there be a moment of silence . ajihad for now , you need rest . in the morning , you will train with we varden Soldiers . I fear the use of a blade will soon be a necessary thing . eragon nod and walk away . int . tunnel - night outside of ajihad 's Study stand orik . eragon and saphira stop before he . orik if you 'il follow I , I x11 show you to where you 'il be sleep . eragon thanks you ...? orik orik . eragon orik. 104 . int . dragon hold - dawn eragon be sleep in a small cave - like bedroom . the open of the cave reveal , a thousand foot down , the city of tronjheim . eragon open he eye . stand in front of he be orik orik if you 'il get ready , we ’1ll get you some breakfast and then begin you training . you dragon can stay here . eragon rub he face and then sit up . int . tronjheim - day eragon and orik be walk through the large city . peasant stare at eragon with smile . mix in with the varden peasant be dwarf woman and child , who seem to be ignore eragon . in front of eragon be a woman peasant with a little baby girl in she hand . woman will you bless this child , argetlam ? there be no one to care for she but I . please , argetlam . bless she for luck ! eragon look surprised and confuse . a few moment pass . woman bless she , argetlam , bless she . eragon hesitantly put he palm on the baby 's forehead . eragon atra gulia un ilian tauthr ono un atra ono waise skolir fra rauthr . ( beat ) that be all I can do for she . woman thank you , argetlam . the woman walk away . 105 . int . tronjheim - day hundred of varden Soldiers be training in a large mark off field . in the background , the small house can be see people walk all around they . eragon walk across the field , orik in front of he . eragon bend down to orik . eragon orik . orik yes ? eragon that woman ... she call I argetlam . what do that mean ? orik it mean Silver Palm . eragon straighten up as they come to the center of the field . Arya be stand there wait for they . eragon ( surprise ) you be awake ! arya thank you , eragon , for save I . eragon look at Arya 's face , entrance . arya shall we begin ? eragon back up , draw Zar ’roc from he side . Arya draw a black -handle thin sword from she back and hold it out in front of she . eragon look worried . eragon I do not want to hur - Arya jump forward , jabbing she sword toward eragon 's stomach . eragon , surprised , jump back . Arya 's sword barely miss he . 106 . eragon swing Zar’roc at Arya . she quickly hit it aside and swing she sword toward eragon . eragon block it . suddenly , Arya spin she sword around , fling Zar’roc out of eragon 's hand . Arya poke eragon in the stomach , victorious . eragon look embarrassed . orik step up beside eragon . orik my King , hrothgar , wish to see you , eragon . ext . hrothgar 's throne room - day a beautiful throne sit at the center of the back of the large , stone throne room . in the throne be king hrothgar , a old , small dwarf dress in beautiful armor . a large beard grow from he face . on the opposite side of the room be a huge stone door , which swing open after a moment , revealing eragon and saphira , who walk slowly toward hrothgar . both of they stop before the throne and bow . hrothgar I could not meet with you earlier as ajihad do , because I have to deal with my enemy in a few of the dwarf clan . they say I should deny you and expel you from farthen dur . eragon I be sorry for the trouble my arrival have cause everyone . hrothgar we will soon have great problem . War be come . we must be ready . you must be ready . eragon stand in fear for a moment . eragon I will be . 107 . int . dragon hold - night eragon be lie on the ground beside saphira . they be both asleep . suddenly , a lantern come into view . holding it be orik eragon slightly open he eye , look around . eragon what be it ? orik you and you dragon must come quickly ! eragon why ? orik ajihad summon you to fathen dur . eragon sigh . int . tunnel - night eragon and saphira follow orik , who be walk very quickly , through the tunnel int . farthen dur - night six thousand varden Soldiers and dwarven warrior be crowded together . at the very front of the army be ajihad , Arya , and hrothgar . a few dwarf Warrior step forward in front of saphira and eragon as they walk toward ajihad and the other . dwarf warrior we must take you dragon . eragon why ? hrothgar to dress she in the ancient armor eragon nod and the dwarf Warrior walk away , saphira follow they . eragon walk up to ajihad , fear in he eye . eragon what 's go on ? ajihad a group of dwarf spot thousand of urgal 's and kull march through the underground tunnel . they will be here within the hour . eragon they outnumber we ? ajihad yes . ( beat ) we have collapse the tunnel that lead to the city of tronjheim . they will have no choice but to come from that tunnel . ( beat ) once they come , we must keep they from ever get to tronjheim . if they get there , they will kill the woman and child . 108 . ajihad point into the distance , where large tunnel door be . ajihad turn and put he hand on the shoulder of a man . ajihad eragon , this jormunder , my most trust advisor and second in command of the varden . eragon nod . ext . farthen dur - night all be silent . the varden Soldiers look scared . eragon , now wear armor , be stand beside a fully armored saphira . suddenly , from the tunnel Doors light begin to flicker . the loud yell of the urgal 's and kull can be hear . Arya look into the distance , at the tunnel Doors . 109 . arya ( sorrowfully ) it have begin . ajihad look at the tunnel Doors . ajihad ( yelling ) weapon ! the varden Soldiers draw they sword and the dwarf Warrior draw they axe . ajihad , Arya , jormunder , and hrothgar draw they weapon . eragon climb on top of saphira and draw Zar’roc . a long moment of silence pass and then ... the urgal 's charge out of the tunnel Doors ! they run , weapon draw toward the varden Soldiers . ajihad lift he sword in the air . ajihad ( yelling ) charge ! ajihad begin to run . the entire army follow he . saphira jump into the air , eragon on she back , and dive toward the urgal army . a moment pass ... and then the two army crash into each other ! saphira grab three urgal 's in she claw and throw they into the wall , kill they . she then dive down and grab two urgal 's in she mouth and crush they . from saphira 's back , eragon hack at a urgal with Zar’roc . saphira land , swinging she tail at ten kull , slinging they into fifteen more urgal 's . after a moment , saphira jump back into the air . a kull hit eragon in the chest with a large club , send eragon fly into the ground . saphira continue to fly upward . eragon fight off a few urgal 's . 110 . eragon ( v.0 . ) saphira , I need you ! behind eragon , a urgal lift it 's sword , ready to drop it into eragon 's head . suddenly , a blade hit it 's throat , send it 's head fly off . eragon turn around , revealing Angela , dress in a black robe and hold a double - blade staff sword . Angela smile and then continue to fight . saphira drop down and crash into a few urgal and then land beside eragon . eragon climb onto saphira and they take off again , fly high into the air , a flock of arrow follow they . Arya be surround by hundred of urgal 's and kull . she continue to fight , but look tired . suddenly , saphira land beside Arya , crush five urgal 's . eragon get on ! Arya turn and jump onto saphira . suddenly , a kull 's axe hit saphira 's chest armor , dent it inward . saphira grow loudly and grab the kull in she mouth crush he . saphira jump into the air . eragon ( v.0 . ) be you alright ? saphira I do not know . it hurt to breath . eragon ( v.0 . ) can you get we to the dragon hold ? saphira soar through the air for a moment and then dive down and fly through two large door , revealing tronjheim . int . tronjheim - night saphira land on the ground . 111. arya I will go with she . you must stay and fight . eragon thank you . eragon jump off of saphira and land on the ground . saphira jump into the air and fly straight up . all around she , implant into the wall be pure sapphire , sparkling . eragon begin to run toward the two large Doors , hold Zar’roc . suddenly , behind he , tronjheim floor begin to crack . eragon stop and turn around . a axe bust through the surface of tronjheim floor . the sound of urgal 's can be hear . after a moment , the urgal 's begin to climb up through the hole in the floor . eragon charge toward they , hack into they with Zar’roc . int . farthen dur - night the battle continue to rage . hrothgar swing he large hammar at a few kull , crush they armor and kill they . int . tronjheim - night eragon be fight urgal 's as the come through the hole in the ground . a few minute of fight pass and then the urgal 's stop come through the hole . eragon sigh and bend over , breathe heavily . after a moment , he turn and run toward the two Doors . behind he , there be a loud crack ! eragon turn around . a dark figure stand in the dust . the figure step forward , revealing that its ... durza ! eragon gasp in fear 112 . int . farthen dur - night ajihad swing he sword into a kull , it fall to the ground . Angela be battle off dozen of urgal 's . int . tronjheim - night eragon take a step back . durza slowly walk toward he , draw he sword . durza you will die today , Rider . durza lift he sword up and swing it at eragon . eragon pull Zar’roc up , block durza 's blade , but the force behind the blow send eragon back a few foot . int . farthen dur - night a varden soldier be fight a large kull . after a few moment , the kull slice the varden Soldiers head off . orik jump off of a large rock and land on a urgal , stick he axe into it 's face . int . tronjheim - night durza and eragon continue to fight , durza obviously win . eragon look tired and wear . a moment pass and then durza step forward and push eragon backwards , cause he to trip . eragon fall to he knee . durza swing he sword and the side of the blade stick into eragon 's back . eragon let out a horrible cry of pain . begin eragon 's Pov : everything be blurry . durza be smile . suddenly , durza jump back as a huge piece of sapphire hit the ground . end eragon 's Pov : hundred of piece of sapphire begin to hit the ground . eragon look up , tear in he eye . 113 . saphira , with Arya on she back , be fly straight toward the ground . suddenly , saphira open she mouth and a huge explosion of flame come from it ! durza duck and drop to the ground to avoid be hit by the flame . eragon grab Zar’roc of the ground . eragon brisingr ! Zar’roc 's blade light up with blue flame . eragon let out a scream as he stick it into durza 's heart . durza look down in shock and then let out a loud cry . eragon collapse . dream sequence flashes of light distort everything and ten fade out . suddenly , a voice be hear . voice ( v.0 . ) come to I . a moment pass . more light flash and distort everything . voice ( v.0 . ) eragon , come to I . eragon ( v.0 . ) who be you ? voice ( v.0 . ) I be the cripple who be whole . ( beat ) you must trust Arya and go to the elven Kingdom of ellesmera . ( beat ) you have wringht the land of a great evil , eragon . many be in you debt . more flash of light distort everything . 114 . voice ( v.0 . ) come to I , eragon . I have answer to all you ask . a moment of silence pass . eragon 's head come into view , but nothing else . eragon ( v.0 . ) I will come . fade out . the end