" erik the viking " screenplay by Terry Jones blackness flame begin to lick upwards from the bottom of the screen . suddenly all hell break loose . scream , yell . Black figure flash across the foreground , with the flame still burn behind . there follow a confusion of burn , raping , kill and looting -- we do not clearly see what 's go on . suddenly we cut to the interior of a hut . the door be in the process of be break down . the camera pan onto the close - up face of a attractive girl who be stare in horrify fascination at the door . her arm be white with fresh dough and flour . suddenly the door burst open and a wild - look Viking leap into the hut . he hold a sword . he look around wildly and then he eye come to rest on the girl . this Viking , I be afraid , be Erik . we be about to see he in the worst possible light so be prepare . the girl , whose name be helga , cower , and look terrify but resolute . Erik glance round . then slowly he advance on the girl , force she back onto a chest . Erik hold he sword to helga 's throat with he right hand , while he leave hand search to find the thongs hold up he trousers . he be clearly have difficulty try to hold he heavy sword to helga 's throat at he same time as undoing he trousers . he fumble and lower he sword for a moment . helga have you do this sort of thing before ? erik I ? of course ! I have be looting and pillaging up and down the coast . helga ( look skeptical ) loot and pillaging , eh ? erik ( on the defensive ) yes . helga what about the raping ? erik shut up . helga it 's obvious you have not rape anyone in you life . erik sh ! he cover she mouth with he free hand , and look round to make sure no one 's hear . then he carry on try to undo he trousers , but he be now somewhat more than half - heart about it . helga watch suspiciously . helga do you like woman ? Erik be clearly shocked and stung by the insinuation . he stop . erik of course I like woman ... I love them . helga ( point out the obvious ) you do not love I . erik no ... right ... this be rape ... Mark you , I be not say I could not get to like you ... in fact ... well , to be quite honest , I prefer it when there 's some sort of mutual feel between two people ... helga what -- rape ? erik no . it be not rape then , be it ? helga oh , get it over with . erik ( hesitates again ) I do not suppose ... no ... helga what ? erik I do not suppose you ... you do like I at all ? helga what d' you expect ? you come in here , burn my village , kill my family and try to rape I ... this be too much for Erik . we wither under the irony . erik I will kill you if you say anything about this to anyone . helga ( puzzle ) about raping I ? erik about not raping you ... helga you don 't like it , do you ? erik well it just seem a little bit crude , that 's all . helga what about the kill and looting ? that 's just as crude , be not it ? erik oh well -- you have got to do they . helga why ? why have you get to go round kill and looting ? erik to pay for the next expedition , of course . helga but that 's a circular argument ! if the only reason for go on a expedition be the kill and looting and the only reason for the kill and looting be to pay for the next expedition , they cancel each other out . erik oh ! stop talk as if we be marry ! helga well you start it . erik I just say I do not feel like raping you . helga and I be just say that rape be no more pointless or crude than all the kill and looting that go on . Erik vent of he frustration on the already shattered door . erik scream . helga ah. erik louder . helga aaagh ! rape ! erik ( he would forget about that ) oh , thanks . two more Viking burst in with eye blaze . they have the very unfortunate name of Ernest and Jennifer , but it do not really matter , for reason which will become obvious very quickly . they be also slightly drunk . ernest rape ? jennifer where ? Jennifer the Viking sway and lean against a door post . the marauder 's eye come to rest on Erik and helga who be stand , fully clothed , about six foot apart . they look slightly puzzle . helga he rape I stand up . there be a pause . Erik look up at helga . why have she save he face by tell this lie ? Jennifer the Viking turn to Erik . jennifer you finish , then ? erik oh ... yes ... I suppose so ... ernest right ! I first ! jennifer no ! I ask ! Ernest leap on top of helga and pin she to the ground . Jennifer join in . Erik look stunne for a moment . then he suddenly leap to helga 's defense . erik leave she alone ! he pull Jennifer off , but Jennifer fight back . Erik force Jennifer back until he fall into the knead trough . they fight in the dough for some moment , until Erik run Jennifer through . the dough be stain red , and the film be rid of such a inappropriately name Viking once and for all . Erik then turn he attention on Ernest who be still on top of helga . without a moment 's hesitation , Erik run he through the back . Ernest scream . so do helga . Erik turn white , and pull out he sword . Ernest fall over into a heap with he co-misnomer , and Erik kneel beside helga to find a bloodstain under she breast where he have inadvertently run she through . she be clearly not long for this world . helga thanks for save I from a fate worse than death . erik I do not mean to ! helga ( gasp for breath ) oh , that 's all right then ... it 's the think ... that count ... Erik cradle she head and try helplessly to staunch the blood . erik you tell they I rape you -- why ? helga ( die ) I dunno ... you look so ... so vulnerable ... erik why should you care ? helga ( die ) why ... should you care ? erik tell I you name ? helga look up at he , but die in he arm , without ever say she name . erik tell I ... what be it ...? Erik realize she have go . he gaze at she for some time . he look around at the two dead body beside they . then he listen to the sound of raping and slaughter continue on the outside . scream and bloodthirsty shut echo alongside the roar of flame and the cry of animal . the camera track into a big close - up on Erik . superimpose the title : " erik the viking " second title : " tim robbins " mix through to wide shot of the burn village . figure run here and there . superimpose the rest of the open title . by the last of the open title the last of the flame be die down . cut to a close - up of a very loud-looking Viking scream into the camera , as he hurl a axe . this Viking 's name be thorfinn Skull - splitter . the axe thud into the wall a few inch away from the face of a frighten girl , unn , who be pin to the wall with she braid spread out . the Viking be hurl axe at she a la kirk Douglas in " the Viking " . several Viking sit at ale - bench , laugh in a rather unpleasant way . Erik , however , frown . he be sit at a table on a dais , next to he grandfather , the chief of the village . his grandfather almost choke with merriment . Erik 's mother glance at he with some hostility . meanwhile the drunken thorfinn have just lift the totally legless ivar the boneless up off the floor and press a axe into he hand . a tremor of nervousness ripple round the female in the mead Hall . ivar be clearly in no condition to throw anything , except , perhaps , the content of he stomach . unn wince . finally , amidst much giggle , ivar throw wildly , and the axe smashes into a jug be carry by one of the serve girl . the menfolk erupt into drunken hysterics at this . the woman clearly feel that the occasion be get out of hand . but before any of they can work up enough courage to intervene , thorfinn Skull - splitter have thrust a axe into the hand of the even more plaster sven the berserk . now sven be not the Viking to let a little matter like not be able to see straight stop he heaving the axe at a young maiden . he take the axe and whirl it wildly over he head . even the other drunken Viking realize this could be dangerous , and they cower behind the table . sven let go of the axe . unn shut she eye prepare for the worst . there be a dull thud and a grunt and then a whoop of mirth . unn open she eye to find that the axe have come to rest in the back of a totally stupefy Viking who merely slump forward onto the table he be sit at . on the opposite side sit harald missionary , a rather seedy cleric who have long since give up try to convert the pagan and find solace in they mead . he think about intervene , but decide that it 's a bit late really and that he might as well finish off he ale - cup instead . grimhild housewife ( he only admirer ) refill it for he . at this moment , however , the axe -thrower have run out of axe , so , as they go to retrieve the one they have throw , harald missionary salve he conscience by lurching across to the unfortunate unn . he poke he dog -ear bible under she nose . harald if you be think of convert , my dear , this would be a ... ideal opportunity ... unn not now ! harald ( who be use to rebuff ) no , of course not ... ( he hesitates ) you might not get another chance , you know ... unn go away . at this moment another axe thud into the wall , speed up harald 's desire to get back to the ale-bench . harald yes , of course ... I will pray for you anyway , my dear ... suddenly a axe shatter a large earthware vessel . harald yes .. that 's what I will do ... harald scuttle back to the ale - bench as fast as he can . Erik meanwhile , stare in astonishment as , for a fleeting moment , he see helga , the girl he accidentally kill , stand there with she braid spread out in place of unn . he shake he head and the vision pass . in the meantime , however , ivar 's mum ( perhaps the toughest lady in the village ) have decide that enough be enough . ivar' mum let she go ! thorfinn why ? viking yes , why ? sven the berserk why should we let she go ? thorfinn we have not hit a single braid yet ! the Viking all guffaw . ivar 's mum have have enough . she throw the content of a jug of ale over thorfinn . he be shocked , but after the first shock he grin evilly , because now he 's be give carte blanche to do the thing he enjoy do most . without another think he throw a vicious right hook at ivar 's mum and lay she out cold . Erik react with disgust . his granddad , however , give a whoop of glee . grandad whoah ! heee ! that show she ! meanwhile a little shrivel old man be jump up and down . ingemund the old hey ! he hit my wife ! ingemund start to go for thorfinn , but thorhild beat he to it . she grab one of the long -handle cooking griddle from the fire and swing it at thorfinn . thorfinn , however , duck , and the red-hot griddle hit sven the berserk , who be stand with he back to thorfinn . sven scream and go berserk , turn round and hit thorfinn who be now stand upright again . ingemund the old leave he alone . ingemund hit sven . thangbrand hit ingemund and a general fight break out . Erik 's granddad clearly consider this the highlight of the evening , but Erik look at it in disgust and at he granddad in despair . eventually he get up and walk out of the mead Hall . his granddad notice and frown . he know something 's wrong with he grandson but have not a clue what it could be . Erik 's mother frown and nod to he granddad . grandad get up and fight he way through the melee to follow Erik out of the Hall . the snow lie thick over the village as Erik 's grandfather join he grandson beside the little quay . Erik be stare broodily into the night . grandfather what 's the matter , son ? Erik do not reply . his grandfather glance back at the mead Hall , whence the sound of the fight drift across the snow . grandfather we be miss all the fun ... erik what 's it all about ? grandfather what ? erik we toil and labor , we loot and pillage , rape and kill ... and yet ... grandfather you talk piffle , son ? erik where do it all get we , grandpa ? grandfather who have you be talk to ? erik I meet this girl ... grandfather it 's always the woman that start the trouble . erik she get I think ... grandfather so ? what would you do to she ? Erik stop in he track -- as if bring up short by the horror of what he have do . erik I ... I ... kill she ... grandfather that 's my boy ! Erik 's grandfather give he a paternal hug . Erik look at he and think about the generation gap . CUT to : feet running in the snow - day erik freya ! Erik look around he and call out again . erik freya ! Erik run into the distance -- a small figure against the dramatic wintry landscape . CUT to : remote , barren mountainside Erik climb up into shot , and continue climb until he reach a cave . he enter it . as he eye get use to the dark he can make out a few sign of life : a cooking pot on a fire , a straw bed , a pile of rune-stick . erik freya ? freya ? there be a bundle of rag behind Erik . a head rise from it . this be freya . freya ah ... Erik ... Erik the " Viking " ... it be not clear whether she word be not a little mock . freya now what can you want with I , Erik the " Viking " ? erik I should not have come . freya they will make fun of you for listen to a old woman 's storey ? Erik do not reply . freya watch he craftily . freya Young man be only interested in fight and kill . Erik look up at she sharply . it be as if she have read he mind . erik but have it always be like that , freya ? from the beginning of time ? freya do not reply . instead she walk to the mouth of the cave . Erik follow she . they look out at the grey , desolate landscape . nothing but arctic waste , snow and desolation . above they the black cloud boil ceaselessly . freya what do you see , Erik ? erik I see the world . freya be it night or day , Erik ? erik it be day , of course , freya . freya be it summer or winter , Erik ? Erik look round at the snowy waste and ten back at freya , puzzle . erik the winter be past , thank goodness , freya . it be summer . freya put she face close to Erik 's and peer into he eye . freya have you ever see the sun , Erik ? erik the sun be up beyond the cloud -- where it always be . freya but have you ever see it ? think back ... erik of course not ... but ... when I be a child ... I remember a dream .... it be as if the whole sky be blue ... freya the sky be blue , Erik ... once . Erik look at she . freya the Old story tell of a age that would come such as this -- when fenrir the Wolf would swallow the sun , and a great Winter would settle upon the world . it be to be a axe age , a sword age , a storm age , when brother would turn against brother , and man would fight each other until the world would finally be destroy . Erik look out across the bleak and gloomy landscape and the black , boil cloud in the sky . erik ( almost to himself ) then ... this be the Age of ragnarok ? freya turn to go back into the cave . erik wait , freya ! Erik re-enter the cave . erik be there nothing man can do ? freya the god be asleep , Erik . erik I will go and wake they up ! freya turn and look at he . she clearly enjoy he earnest enthusiasm , but be afraid he do not know what he be talk about . erik tell I what I must do , freya ! freya think for some moment . the she speak . freya Erik ... Far out in the midst of the western Ocean there be a land ... man call it hy -brasil . there you will find a horn that be call resounding . you must take the horn resounding , and three time you must blow it . the first note will take you to asgaard . the second will awaken the god , and the third note will bring you home . but remember ... once you be in the spell of the horn , hatred will destroy you . Erik turn to go and then hesitates . erik and will the dead ever return , freya ? freya that I can not tell you . CUT to : a big closeup of a head be banged on the ground it be thorfinn Skull - splitter 's . the person do the bang be a enraged sven the berserk . suddenly Erik push he way through the crowd and separate they . there be general disgruntlement all round , and murmur of : " who do he think he be ? " erik' grandad what be you do , Erik ? thorfinn just say sven 's grandfather die of old age . ingemund the old they must fight to the death . thorfinn skull-splitter that 's right ! sven must kill I . other yes . stay out of this . what 's it to do with you ? sven grid he tooth and struggle to get at thorfinn , but Erik still keep they apart . erik be not you afraid of death , thorfinn Skull - splitter ? thorfinn shrug . thorfinn not death by the sword ! it mean I shall drink in valhalla with the great warrior . CUT to : harald missionary engage in he usual business of chat up any available female . harald missionary you do not still believe in all that valhalla stuff , do you ? thorhild the female go away . harald Fine ... right ... just check . he move off . erik and you , sven , be not you afraid of crossing the rainbow Bridge to asgaard ? sven I will join my grandfather there . thorfinn he 's not in valhalla ! he die of old age ! sven you liar ! they start try to kill each other again , and crash through a fence into the pig-sty . Pigs squeal and run in all direction . erik stop it ! other leave they alone ! keep out of it , Erik ! the other pull Erik away . grandad there 's only one way to settle it . everyone yes ! thorfinn he must kill I ! everyone yes ! that 's right ! sven struggle again to oblige , and they both topple into the duck pond . Erik dive back to keep they apart . erik there be another way . grandad who get kill ? erik nobody get kill . thorfinn oh , well ... he start attack sven again . Erik decide there be only one way to make he point . he let fly with he fist and lay both the antagonist out for a moment . erik but it will be dangerous . maybe none of we will return . snorri the miserable ah well , that 's much more sensible than just thorfinn get kill . shall we all go and pack now ? sven what be you talk about , Erik ? erik what if we could find bi-frost the rainbow Bridge ? this cause a sensation amongst everyone watch , on the line of " you can not do that " and so on . they scoff at Erik . thorfinn ( in disbelief ) find the rainbow Bridge ? erik find it ... and cross it ! super-sensation amongst everyone -- except for harald missionary who shake he head sadly . harald look ! you can not find somewhere that do not exist . grandad ( to harald ) shut up ! harald shrug . sven only the dead reach asgaard , Erik . erik what 's the matter ? be you afraid to try ? thorfinn and sven be put on the defensive . thorfinn of course we be not afraid to try , but ... Erik round on thorfinn , sense he have the advantage . erik " but " what ? thorfinn but ... erik what ? thorfinn 's mental power find it hard to articulate any proposition on such a vast metaphysical concept . sven come to he rescue . sven nobody 's ever cross the rainbow Bridge to asgaard . erik we would be the first ! snorri you mean we would be dead ? erik no ! we would be the first live man to set foot in the hall of the god . pause . uncomfortable shifting . sven but how ? erik I do not know -- but I be not afraid to try . thorfinn well I 'm certainly not , either . sven neither be I . erik then you will come . harald but there be not such a place as ... look ... thorfinn & sven shut up ! erik what d' you say ? sven well ... I be game . thorfinn I too . Erik grin . he have persuade they against they will . grandad be not you go to go on fight ? sven & thorfinn no . other oh ... there be general disappointment all around . ivar the boneless oh , go on ... grandad just have a bit of a fight . ingemund the old I will fight someone . grandad you be too old . ingemund the old no , I be not . CUT to : a adze striking timber the Viking 's ship , Golden Dragon , be be repair and fitte out for a journey . Erik be there , direct operation . the camera track through all the activity and finally come to rest on keitel blacksmith . he be a magnificent mountain of a man in a Arnold schwarzeneggerish sort of way . he hammer a sword , and spark fly , but he eye keep return to the preparation for the voyage . clearly something be worry he . his assistant , loki , sidle up to he . loki wish you be go too ? keitel grunt angrily and plunge the sword into cold water . steam and bubbles . loki but you can 't because you be too busy . keitel pull the sword out of the water and test it . it slice like as razor , loki watch . loki ooh , that 's a good one ! you could charge halfdan fifteen for that one . keitel yes , it be good . but I tell he ten . loki you could charge he what you like . loki take the sword from keitel and stack it alongside a lot more freshly make sword . loki you just can not make enough sword and spear and knife and dagger to satisfy the demand . you could charge halfdan twenty and he would pay it . keitel ( shocked ) oh , I could not do that ! the blacksmith 's code say ... loki yes yes ... of course .... the " blacksmith 's code " ... keitel go back to he forge and pull out a fresh dollop of white - hot ore . loki come up behind he . loki if this be the Age of ragnarok , keitel blacksmith , it be good to we . keitel ( bang with he hammer ) can not make enough sword ! bang ! bang ! bang ! keitel can not make enough axe-head ! bang ! bang ! bang ! loki but , keitel , if Erik ever find the horn resounding ... if he ever cross bi-frost , the rainbow Bridge ... if he ever waken the god .. keitel stop smite the metal on he forge . he stare into space . keitel they chase fenrir the Wolf from the sky ... loki the Age of ragnarok end ... keitel the bottom fall out of the sword business ! loki it 's not just you livelihood that 's at stake but you son' , and the livelihood of all blacksmith . keitel ( this touch a nerve in he muscular mind ) my brother blacksmith ! loki that 's right . keitel the blacksmith 's code say I must ... loki honour and protect all blacksmith . keitel ( as if recite he oath ) together we stand ! loki you can not let Erik do that . loki smile . he have keitel play into he hand , although keitel do not realize it . fade : CUT to : some day later the expedition be set to leave . thorfinn Skull - splitter take leave of he mum and dad . thorfinn mum and you have get both axe ? thorfinn yes , mother . thorfinn mum and something to sharpen they with ? thorfinn yes , mum . thorfinn mum and do not forget : never let you enemy get behind you . thorfinn no , mother . thorfinn mum and keep you sword grease . thorfinn yes , mother . Goodbye , dad . thorfinn dad and do not forget to wash -- you know -- all over . thorfinn no , dad . thorfinn mum and if you have to kill somebody , kill they ! do not stop to think about it . thorfinn ( mildly ) I never do ... CUT to : sven the berserk who be also be lecture . the lecture be come from he father -- ulf the maddeningly calm . sven' dad ( sotto voce ) it 's a tradition . sven I know , dad . sven' dad I be a berserk for King harald fairhair ... sven you go berserk ... sven' dad I go berserk in every battle I ever fight for King harald ... sven so do you father ... sven' dad so do my father and he father before he . sven but it 's a responsibility ... sven' dad but it 's a responsibility be a berserk . sven I must only let the red rage ... sven' dad you must only let the red rage take hold of you in the thick of battle . sven ( lose he temper ) I know ! i've heard it all 1 thousand time ! a sudden silence fall , as all the village turn to stare nervously at sven . he go berserk and demolish a nearby hut with he head . ulf the maddeningly calm shake he head . sven' dad no no ... you will never make a berserk . if you let it out now you will have nothing leave for battle ... ivar' mum besides ... it 's dangerous . sven' dad ( gloomily ) it 's the end of a family tradition . in another corner of the village leif the lucky be stand with he pregnant girlfriend . girl bye , leif . leif bye ... sorry ... girl yeah ... well ... leif you will wait ? girl what d' you expect I to do ? she take a bracelet off she arm and give it to leif . girl wear this for luck . leif look at it . leif that 's why they call I ... leif the lucky . girl please . CUT to : harald missionary dump a bag on board the ship . grimhild housewife be help he . snorri look at he in surprise . snorri you come ? you do not even believe in asgaard . harald I think I might do a bit of business on the way . snorri you be waste you time . harald listen . I have be in this dump for sixteen year and I have not make a single convert ... snorri there be thorbjorn vifilsson 's wife . you convert her . harald thorbjorn vifilsson 's wife become a Buddhist , not a Christian . snorri same thing , be not it ? harald no , it be not . meanwhile in another part of the village loki be strapping a large consignment of sword onto a pony . he glance round and then sneak surreptitiously out of the village , over the barren hill of Norway , under the boil black sky of ragnarok . back at the quayside , Golden Dragon be ready for the journey . Erik address the villager . erik well ... we will be off now ... Erik 's grandad wait for some time before he realize that Erik be not intend to say anything else . grandad you need to say a bit more than that ! erik oh ... er ... yes ... the face of the village - folk turn towards he . there be many moist eye . Erik 's mother start to cry . erik oh , there , mum ... ( he turn and address everyone ) do not be sad .... you all know why we be go , so do not grieve . maybe untold danger do lie ahead of we , and some of you may well be look at the one you love for the last time ... someone burst out sobbing . Erik desperately try to rally they spirit . erik but do not grieve ! even though the horde of muspel tear we limb from limb ... or the Fire Giants burn each and every one of we to a cinder ... more cry . erik ... though we may be swallow by the Dragon of the North Sea or fall off the Edge of the World ... do not cry . more cry . erik no ! do not cry .... by this time most of the village be blubber profusely . CUT to : harald missionary he have he arm round he weep girlfriend . harald missionary sh ... there ... it 's all fantasy , there 's no Dragon of the North Sea , no Edge of the World ... grimhild housewife that 's what you say . erik ( aside to he grandad ) what 's the matter with they ? grandad just say something cheerful . erik oh ... right ! ( he can not think of anything ) well ... cheer everybody ! Erik smile broadly and wave . the entire village stare back at he with tear in they eye , and bite they lip . suddenly one mother can not hold it back any more . thorfinn mum do not go ! another mother rush out and grab ivar the boneless . ivar' mum my son ! I do not want you to go ! ivar I do not want to go , either ... erik oh god ! please , everybody ! keep calm ! it 's not certain all of we be go to die ... and in any case we may not die hideous death ... more renew sobbing . grandad 's eye go heavenward . grandad ( to Erik ) I think we should go ... erik right . ( he turn for a last salute ) farewell ... for the last time ... may the god prevent ... grandad no , do not say anything else ! suddenly keitel blacksmith step forward . his muscle ripple . his handsome face radiate heroism and manliness . keitel wait , Erik ! erik keitel blacksmith ? they stop and turn . keitel you can not go without I . who will repair you sword and mend you shield ? renewed sob from the woman . women oh , no ! ah , lackaday ! not he too ! erik what 's the matter now ? unn if keitel blacksmith go with you ... thorhild we will have no one to do the thing he do for we . thorkatla the indiscrete or sharpen we knife and make we pan . a awkward silence . the other all turn on she and frown -- a bit of shin-kick go on . it 's clear that keitel be popular amongst the womenfolk . Erik do not notice . erik you will have keitel 's assistant , loki , to do all that . women loki ? eurrgh ! erik what 's wrong with loki ? he 's become very good at blacksmithing . women yes ... but ... thorkatla he 's so small and ... the other all shush she up . more shin-kick . thorhild ( innocently ) oh , yes ... we have get loki ... that 's true ... CUT to : loki lead he pony across a bleak landscape . he eventually stop and look ahead . there stand a gibbet with two corpse dangle from it . he be near he destination . CUT back to : erik and he men get into Golden Dragon . Erik notice thorfinn and sven quarrelling over leif the lucky . erik hey , you two ! what 's go on ? sven I be sit there . leif no , you be not . thorfinn leif 's sit here . I need a bit of luck . leif see . sven look , I bag it last week . erik it do not matter where you sit ! sven yes it do ! we could be at sea for month . erik well , what difference do it make where you be sitting ? sven I do not want to have to sit next to snorri all that time . sven nod towards snorri the miserable -- a eeyore of a Viking if ever there be one . snorri thank you very much indeed . erik now stop it ! snorri it 's so nice to feel want . erik leif , you sit there . even , you sit there . harald , you would better sit over there ... snorri trust I to get the missionary . suddenly Erik notice sven 's father climb aboard . erik what be you do here ? sven' dad you may need a real berserk . sven I am one , dad ! erik we have not get a spare place . ivar he can have my place . I do not want to go anyway . erik well , you be ! keitel bjorn 's not . he could have bjorn 's place . erik what 's the matter with bjorn ? thorfinn nothing ... halfdan the Black chop he hand off last night . erik he be lucky ... ( to sven 's dad ) sit there . snorri you can not have sven 's father sit next to sven . they will argue the whole time . erik that 's true . ( to sven ) you would better sit there . ( to sven 's dad ) you there , and ornulf there . snorri now you have get all the big one on one side . Erik look around . it be true that all the tall burly one be on one side . erik all right , you go there . you here ... sven 's dad and ornulf swap place . sven' dad ohh ! I want to sit next to leif . erik shut up . you there . you there and you there . ivar and ornulf swap place . Erik survey this re-arrangement . erik that 's better . snorri now you have get all the one with beard on one side and all the moustach on the other . this be true . Erik think some moment and then : erik it do not matter . they start to haul the sail up . ropes be release . the boat rock . suddenly a voice cut through the crowd . it be Erik 's mother . erik' mum wait ! wait ! wait ! erik what be it ? ( he be clearly a little embarrassed ) erik' mum here , son . she try to hand Erik what look unmistakably like a pillow . Erik be dumbfounded . erik' mum you father always make sure he could rest he head at night . Erik be mortify . the other snigger , though not without some sympathy for Erik . they have all be embarrassed by they mum at one time or another . erik I can not take that on a voyage ! erik' mum it be you father 's ! Erik will find it hard to refuse now . but he hesitates . erik' mum it be the pillow he take with he . he say it once save he life . Erik reluctantly take the precious object . his mother kiss he . everyone have fall silent now . the relative stand helpless on the shore as Golden Dragon start to drift away from they . the Viking sit in they place , hand on the oar look back at they love one . Erik stand at the prow of Golden Dragon . for a moment he think he see the girl he kill , stand , white in death , the spear- wound still fresh . Erik raise he hand in a half - goodbye . we cut back to the love one , now the girl be no longer there . they too half - raise they hand . Erik suddenly turn and give a shout : erik huuup ! the oar go up and then into the water , and golden dragon commence she voyage . CUT back to : golden dragon at sea snorri be feel queasy and gaze gloomily at the recede coastline of Norway . thangbrand be sit near he and feel equally queasy . snorri have a good look ... that 's the last we will see of old Norway . snorri be desperately try to control he inside . snorri Goodbye home ... goodbye family ... goodbye love one ... ( he start to throw up ) Goodbye lunch ... thangbrand oh ! shut up . harald missionary put he arm around snorri . harald you know , my son , we lord say ... snorri you lord . harald quite ... my lord ... say : " the prayer of faith shall have the sick . " snorri I hope the Dragon of the North Sea get you and you lord . harald missionary give he a condescending smile and a weary shake of the head . he know the Dragon of the North Sea do not exist . harald darkness and ignorance ... meanwhile ivar the boneless and sven the berserk be both suffer from the effect of the sea . sven ( keep a wave of nausea down ) it 's not so bad when you be row . thorfinn skull-splitter that 's right . thorfinn gob onto the whetstone with which he be sharpen he axe . sven can control himself no longer . he rush for the side . sven the berserk I want to die . this set off ivar . ivar the boneless uh oh ! he leap up and puke over the side . mass puke break out all over the boat . keitel blacksmith look around at he preoccupy shipmate , and it slowly dawns upon he that this might be the moment to try a little sabotage . he go to the ship 's lodestone , which be hang from the mast . keitel glance around . no one be look , but this sort of covert behavior go against he normally sunny and open disposition . keitel ( to himself ) the blacksmith 's code ... he steel himself , take down the lodestone , snap out the piece of metal in the base and throw it over the side . keitel hang it up again on the mast . thorfinn be you all right ? ivar no , I be not . thorfinn you do not need to feel bad about be sea-sick , you know . ivar how can you help feel bad when you be sea-sick ? thorfinn I mean many of the great sailor be . pause . ivar I know . I know . thorfinn olaf tryggvason use to throw up on every single voyage ... the whole time ... non-stop ... puke ... puke ... puke . ivar look ! I do not feel bad about it . I just feel ill . thorfinn pause and wait for a wave of nausea to creep up on ivar . thorfinn he use to puke in he sleep . ivar bastard . he throw up . meanwhile Erik be in the stern , gaze out behind they . erik thorfinn ... look over there . thorfinn leave ivar and join Erik . on the horizon a sinister sail be follow they . thorfinn grin with evil pleasure . he scent a fight . Erik turn to the crew . erik break out the oar ! thorfinn 's smile disappear and he spin round to confront Erik . thorfinn what be you talk about ? erik ( to he reluctant crew ) come on , move it ! most of the man be be sea-sick . mord fiddle we have only just start cooking lunch . the crew glance at mord fiddle and then throw up again . erik move it ! reluctantly the crew take up they row position . thorfinn buttonhole Erik ( except of course that he do not have any buttonhole ) . thorfinn it 's halfdan the Black ! erik I know . snorri ! get you oar out ! snorri be sit in position but without he oar . keitel have meanwhile join they . he , too , stare at the horizon . he be a little puzzle by this turn of event . loki have say nothing about halfdan come after they . keitel ( uneasily ) do you suppose he want to stop we waking the god ? Erik look at keitel with a certain amount of contempt . keitel be not renowned even amongst this Viking for he brain - power . erik what do you think ? keitel but how could he know ... unless ... keitel stop in mid-sentence as he realize it must be loki 's do . thorfinn ( scornfully ) so be you go to run away from he , Erik ? Erik turn to thorfinn . erik row , thorfinn Skull -splitter . thorfinn hesitates . erik and you , keitel blacksmith . keitel but ... keitel shrug and turn to take up he row position . he be still a little confuse by this turn of event . Erik confront thorfinn . erik I give a order . or do not you hear ? there be something about Erik 's manner that carry a authority that thorfinn can not argue with . erik come on , ivar . Erik manhandle ivar over to he drum and thrust he drumstick into he hand . halfdan 's ship be twice the size of Erik 's and , as Erik be only too well aware , consequently travel at twice the speed . there be no real chance of they escape , unless ... Erik suddenly catch sight of a thick bank of mist in the distance , and steer he ship towards it . ivar ( still feel ill ) I want to die ... ( then , suddenly catch sight of halfdan 's ship behind he ) no , I do not ! erik row ! row ! row ! ivar try to get into the new rhythm , but have a bit of difficult . as halfdan 's ship gain on they inexorably , golden dragon glide into the sea mist . there be a tremendous roll of thunder very close . all the Viking look scared . Erik , however , grin . erik row ! row ! row ! he double the speed . the drum beat faster . sven' dad ( shout out angrily ) we can not keep this up ! Erik grin and then lean on the steering oar . Golden Dragon curve around to its leave . then Erik lay he hand on ivar 's drum and silence it . erik oar up ! the Viking ship they oar and sit there in the mist listen to beat of halfdan 's drum get closer and closer . at the final moment , however , halfdan swing he ship in the opposite direction from Erik 's and the sound of he drum disappear into the mist . Erik 's man breathe a sigh of relief ... even keitel blacksmith ... fade out : fade in : some time later Golden Dragon be still drift in the mist . Erik have he fish- lodestone and be try the direction , but the lodestone be just swinging round uselessly . after try a few time , Erik give up and throw the lodestone away into the boat . the man peer into the thick mist ; they be lose . suddenly Erik see something ahead . erik the Gates of the World ... mord fiddle what ? Golden Dragon silently guide between two weird island . erik we have pass through the Gates of the World ( he look around at the other ) now we be in the unknown ... Golden Dragon drift on and the mist get thicker . there be a crash of thunder . then a series of flash light up the mist around they . the Viking be uneasy , sense a storm brewing . suddenly Erik point above they . the other look up too . they all gasp . erik ( hardly dare to breathe ) so that be what the sun look like ! above they hang a luminous yellow globe , its light just break through the mist . viking ( to each other ) the sun ! it 's the sun ! look ! sven' dad ( in wonderment ) I never though I should live to see the sun again . harald missionary where ? the Viking all gaze up above they in awe . harald look from one to the other and then try to follow they eyeline . he clearly can not see it . Magic music fill the air . suddenly the " sun " swoops off to one side and start sway from one side to another . erik should the sun do that ? harald missionary what be you look at ? erik look out ! viking ah ! the Viking scream and flatten themselves against the side of the boat , as the " sun " suddenly lurch down on they out of the sky , revealing for the first time that it be not the sun at all but a strange monster with a long neck that disappear off into the mist and a glow globe for a head , and huge chomping jaw . the Viking be , understandably , terrify . viking it 's not the sun ! it 's not the sun ! harald missionary what be it ? snorri it 's the Dragon of the North Sea ! harald missionary ( knowingly ) ah! that be why I can not see it . as the Dragon of the North Sea rise up again , however , its jaw apparently drop off and fall to the deck , and land on snorri . snorri aaah ! keitel nervously pick it up and hold it up for everyone to see . it be a strand of sea-weed . the Viking be non-pluss . they look back at they now jawless monster . harald missionary pick up the sea-weed . harald some dragon ! ooh ! he toss it back amongst he terrify companion . suddenly there be a incredibly loud clap of thunder and flame shoot out of the mist . sven look out ! as ... unbelievably ... a huge monstrous visage loom out of the mist ... it be a creature from the nethermost depth of the ocean ... and the incandescent globe be no more than a sprout on the end of its nose ! more fire shoot out from its nostril and send all the Viking ( and even harald missionary ) diving for the deck . then the monstrous head disappear back into the mist as quickly as it come , take its light with it ... the Viking be paralyze with fear for one brief moment . erik row ! row ! they all scramble for the oar in a determine hysteria . ivar the drummer , in he panic , have set a ridiculously fast rate and nobody can keep up with it . erik slower ! nobody can row at that speed ! ivar ( hoarsely ) sorry . harald what 's all the panic about ? sven' dad ( in a panic , shouting back over he shoulder ) the Dragon ... harald give a patronize smile . harald Children afraid of the dark ... suddenly there be another roar , and flame shoot out of the mist and across the deck of Golden Dragon . one man , ornolf fishdriver , who have not have much to say so far , be set on fire . another , bjarni Jerusalem - farer , who have and will have even less to say then ornolf fishdriver , leap out of the way of the flame and fall over the side . thorfinn man over board ! thorfinn start try to fish he out . ivar have start to panic and be beat the drum too fast . erik slower ! in ... out ... ivar sorry ! sven ( he eye show they white ) we be be attack ! kill ! kill ! kill ! sven' dad not now , sven ... sven I must kill ! kill ! sven' dad it 's no good go berserk against a dragon ! sven 's dad slap he around the face . there be another roar from the monster . Erik turn to ivar . erik faster ! ivar make you mind up . suddenly the Dragon 's head appear out of the mist above they once again . there be panic amongst the Viking as some start to row faster than other . scream . erik keep up the strike ! the Dragon 's jaw open . flame lick out , and down the center of the vessel . there be scream as the Viking leap out of the way . sven go berserk again . sven kill ! kill ! sven' dad stop it ! the Dragon 's eye dilate and its jaw open . the man throw themselves to the deck as if expect more fire . but instead the creature 's fang crash into the wood of the stern of Golden Dragon . erik row ! sven death ! sven' dad shut up ! erik row ! Erik look around at he terror-stricken crew . he realize this be a important moment . it be up to he to save the situation . suddenly a idea occur to he , as he catch sight of the pillow that he mother give he . erik keep row ! Erik dash to he sea-chest under the mast and pull out the pillow . thorfinn Erik ! row ! what be you do ? erik ( hold up the pillow ) it save my father ! Erik start to shin up the mast . snorri barmy . sven 's dad be desperately hold sven back . sven' dad hold it ! hold it in ! sven death to dragon ! erik row ! snorri have anyone tell he we have get a dragon eat we boat ? Erik have reach the top of the mast and be now right up with the incandescent globe on the end of the long stalk that grow onto the monster 's nose . he grab hold of it and swing across onto the monster 's nose . at he moment sven break free of he dad and throw himself onto one of the Dragon 's tooth . sven Red mist ! he bang he head against the monstrous denture . sven 's dad look heavenward in despair . CUT to : harald missionary who be offer he bible to the petrify Viking in the prow . harald it 's at time like this that you will find this book most useful , you know ... keitel take the bible from he and hit he over the head with it . keitel row ! you idiot ! the monster 's eye dilate wildly as they try to focus on the tiny figure of Erik on its snout . Erik shove the pillow up one of the Dragon 's nostril . snorri watch Erik incredulously . he shake he head . snorri his father go crazy too ... use to take forty wink in the middle of a battle ... thorfinn frown -- he have a glimmer of a idea of what Erik be do . Erik now plunge he sword through the pillow in the Dragon 's nostril , and feather immediately fly into the air . erik now ... take a deep breath . the Dragon go cross -ey , try to see what 's go on on its snout . erik go on ! breathe in , you cod-brain ! meanwhile the Dragon 's tongue suddenly lick out around its tooth . sven instantly slice through it with he sword . the bright blood spurt , like burst a sausage . the Dragon give a agonize roar and a sharp intake of breath . the feather that have leak out from the pillow be instantly suck inside and the whole pillow disappear right up the Dragon 's nose . for a moment everyone hold they breath . the Dragon 's eye dilate wildly . then it wrinkle its snout . then it start what be unmistakably a sneeze . the dragon of the NORTH sea ah ... ah ... ah ... erik hold tight ! the dragon of the NORTH sea ah ... ah ... ah ... Erik leap back across the mast . the dragon of the NORTH sea choo !! a hurricane of wind and feather blast out of the Dragon 's nostril and hit all the Viking at once . everyone be disgust by the Dragon 's breath . snorri urgh ! what 's it be eat ? but the blast have already catapult the boat into the sky , and it hurtle through the cloud . leave the Dragon of the North Sea far behind . they all look up at Erik and cheer . shot of Erik . he do not look too happy . neither do ivar the boneless , because he too have just notice that they be now fly and the ocean be several thousand foot below they . ivar scream . the other all rush to the side to look too . erik no ! no ! get back ! unfortunately they all rush to the same side and the boat tip over with far more instability than when it be in the water . leif and thangbrand be catapult down into the sea . we watch they descend into tiny dot and tiny unheard splashes below . thorfinn who be that ? snorri leif the lucky . other be almost fall out . there be renew panic . erik get back ! poor Erik be still up the mast but have be dislodge and be now hang on by he hand , dangle over the open sea . some of the man -- thorfinn and sven the berserk amongst they -- be haul themselves up the almost vertical slope of the deck , try to redress the balance . meanwhile keitel blacksmith be dangle by one hand . keitel I can not hold on ! I can not hold on ! sven worm he way along the edge -- at great peril to himself -- and grab keitel 's wrist just as he finger slip . keitel aaagh ! sven get you ! keitel look up in sven 's eye . he be totally at sven 's mercy . what thought be go through he mind ? how be he go to betray sven in future if he be rescue ? guilt suddenly overwhelm he . keitel let I go , sven . sven what be you talk about ? keitel I be not worth risk you life for . sven I have get you , keitel blacksmith . if you go ... I go too ... keitel for you own sake ... for the other ... I ... sven hang on ... the boat begin to right itself just as Erik finally can not hold on any more , and he plummet , straight into the ship , and through the bottom up to he waist . his leg dangle . at the same moment the prow of the boat tip and suddenly they be plummete down towards the ocean . they hit the water with a almighty splash . Erik be throw clear of the hull by the force of the water now cascade up through the hole he have make . snorri first we be fly -- now we be sink ! erik well , come on ! he whisk off he helmet and start bail . all follow suit . night fall . some time later the Viking be still bail out , but the water be up to they thigh . ivar the boneless who be we fool ? it 's hopeless ! ivar fling down the helmet with which he 's be bail . the other look at each other . they be reconcile to the fact that they be go to drow . harald missionary ( hopelessly ) let 's sing something ! snorri anyone know any good drown song ? the suggestion fall flat . erik listen ! maybe we will not get to hy - brasil ! maybe we will not find the horn resounding ... but at least we have try ... and at least we shall have die like man . snorri like fish . sven shut up . thorfinn ( raise he sword ) Erik 's right ! we will all meet in valhalla . ivar I do not want to die ! harald missionary be not there anybody who would like to be christen before we go down ? silence . a distinct lack of enthusiasm . harald it can not do you any harm ... sven' dad what do we have to do ? harald nothing ... I just immerse you in water ... thorfinn and other get lose ... the ship creak and start to go under . Erik pick he up he sword . the other follow suit . erik do not let I drow , thorfinn ! Water start to pour over the side of the boat . Erik and thorfinn raise they sword to each other . thorfinn till we meet in valhalla . they all prepare to run each other through . the boat sink rapidly . ivar the boneless I be too young ! oh odin ! not I ! please not I ! perhaps I would rather drow ... harald missionary I do wish you would let I convert you . then Erik pause in he attempt to kill thorfinn and look around . the ship have sink , but the prow and the stern post be still stick up out of the water , and the Viking themselves be only up to they chest . erik how deep be the ocean ? thorfinn very deep ... usually ... the realization gradually dawns on the Viking that they be not go to sink any more . erik wait ! nobody kill anybody ! fade out : fade in : the SUN shining down from a blue sky the Viking have fall asleep where we last see they -- up to they neck in water . gradually the warmth of the sun coax they awake -- thorfinn be the first to look up and see the brilliant shine orb in the sky . thorfinn what be it ? ivar the boneless ( he panic and turn ) it 's the Dragon again ! erik no.. no , it be not ... ivar have turn and be stare at something else . erik look , the sky be blue ... sven' dad the sun ! that 's it ! ivar , meanwhile , be recover from the amazement that have immobilize he . he tap Erik on the shoulder . Erik turn and he , too , gasp . erik look ! they all turn to see they be stand in the shallow water of a natural harbor . above nestle the white wall of a beautiful city set in a green and pleasant land . viking yeaaaah ! the Viking wade ashore , enchant by the paradise they see before they . all at once thorfinn spy something . he draw he sword and they all approach with caution to find that under a weep willow tree lie the most beautiful girl . she be raven-haire , scantily dress and fast asleep . the Viking approach she with trepidation , they sword and axe draw . they glance around uneasily . snorri ( whisper ) she 's get no clothes on ! thorfinn it 's disgusting . erik get she weapon . sven kneel quietly beside the girl . she stir . sven freeze . the other look around fearfully . sven ( whisper ) she have not get any . erik ( incredulous ) she must have a knife or something ... but they look . she have not . thorfinn what kind of place be this ? ivar the bonele p ... p... perhaps they have get weapon we have not even dream of ... suddenly the girl stir again in she sleep . the Viking retreat several pace and grip they weapon , and glance around as if expect a ambush . thorfinn let 's hack she to piece . erik no . keitel well , what else do we do ? erik how about make friend ? sven ( with disgust ) " friend " ? viking eurrgh ! erik what 's wrong with make friend ? thorfinn you do not go through all the hardship of a ocean voyage to make " friend " . sven we can make " friend " at home ... this conversation have wake the girl , aud . aud welcome ! the Viking react with terror , take a step back and raise they sword and axe . erik what do you say ? aud I say welcome . erik ( suspiciously ) welcome ? aud well , of course . we always welcome friend . the Viking look at each other and at they sword . they do not think they look that much like friend themselves . erik how d' you know we be " friend " ? aud well , everyone be friend here on hy- brasil . sven hy - brasil ? erik be this hy - brasil ? aud well , of course . the Viking erupt into a impromptu dance of joy , hugging each other and wave they sword in the air . aud please ! please ! what be that ? erik what be what ? aud that thing in you hand . erik this ? what be these ? they be sword . aud instantly recoil with terror . aud oh no ! no ! put they down ! put they down ! the Viking gradually cease they mock battle and turn to look at aud with incredulity . erik what 's the matter ? aud please ! you do not know what you be do ! erik what ? aud put they down ! ( to Erik ) please make they put they down . thorfinn why ? other yes , why ? aud why ? erik yes . aud but surely you know ...? viking er... n... no ... erik know what ? CUT to : closeup of king arnulf king arnulf the wonderful bless under which we live here on hy-brasil ! the king beam . the Viking shift uneasily . they look out of place and extremely scruffy in the midst of the scantily dress courtier of hy-brasil . aud sit beside she father the King . erik no ... we do not ... king arnulf the god decreed that if ever a sword spill human blood upon this shore , the whole of hy - brasil will sink beneath the wave . King arnulf beam rapturously at the Viking , expect they to be overjoy . instead they be horrify . thorfinn that 's terrible ! erik you mean if just one person get kill ? king arnulf yes ! ( he think : be not it wonderful ? ) the Viking look at each other , feel they have not quite understand . thorfinn you mean ... you can not kill anybody ? king arnulf right ! be not it wonderful ? the Viking be non-pluss . thorfinn what ? not be able to kill anybody ? king arnulf ( bemuse ) well , of course . erik ( interested ) how ? king arnulf ( explain the obvious ) well ... for a start ... er ... there 's no kill ... erik well , obviously there 's no kill . king arnulf well ... be not it great ? thorfinn but how d' you take revenge ? keitel ( guiltily ) how do you punish people ? ivar how do you defend yourselves ? king arnulf ( get a little irritate ) we do not have to . we be all terribly nice to each other . be not we ? court yes ! aud catch Erik 's eye and give he a dangerously slow wink . a pause of disbelief from the Viking . sven all the time ? king arnulf well , of course ! we have to be . he turn and conduct the courtier , who chant in unison : court " be nice to each other be what it 's all about . " king arnulf ( rise as if to sing ) you see ? we be terribly nice to each other we be friendly bold and free . we never say anything nasty ' Cause we dare not ... court ( almost sing ) no sirreeeee ! they hold the note while King arnulf look anxiously at the Viking . king arnulf would you like we to sing to you ? erik that 's very kind of you , but we be in rather a hurry ... we be ... King arnulf clap and the court stop sing . king arnulf what 's the matter , do not you want to hear we sing ? erik oh ... well , yes , of course ; it 's just we be look for the horn resounding and -- king arnulf you do not think we sing 's go to be good enough for you ? erik oh , no no no ! it 's just the horn resounding be ... king arnulf a lot of people like we sing . erik I be sure it 's lovely . king arnulf but you do not want to hear it . erik ( change tack ) no ... no ... ( he look at the other ) we would love to hear it . would not we ? viking oh ... yes . king arnulf well , you will have to ask we really nicely . erik ( realize he have to be diplomatic ) er... well ... we ... we ... would be terribly grateful if you ... all ... would sing for we . king arnulf you be just say that . sven well , of course he be ! sven' dad sh ! they restrain sven . erik of course we be not ; we would genuinely like to hear you sing . king arnulf really ? erik really . king arnulf and you be not just say it because you think we want you to ? Erik swallow hard . erik no. ( he bite the lie ) king arnulf right ! summon the musician ! we will do the one that go " tum - tum - tum - tum-ti-tum-tum " court ( disappointed ) oh ... chamberlain really ? king arnulf ( apologetically to Viking ) it be not the one we be best at . chamberlain could not we do the one that go " TI - tum -ti- tum-ti-tum " ? the rest of the court look hopeful . king arnulf ( whisper ) not when we have get guest . voice from court how about the one that go " TI - tum - ti- tum -ti- tum-ti-ti -tum " ? king arnulf do not be silly . chamberlain that be a stupid suggestion . voice sorry ! I just think they might like to hear something that we can do . another voice yes ! at least we know that one . yet another voice nobody know the " tum - tum - tum -tum -ti - tum - tum " one . rest of court no ! right ! I agree ! odd man out I do ! rest of court sh ! another voice it 's too difficult ! chamberlain sh ! king arnulf all right . we will do the one that go " TI - tum - ti- tum-ti- tum-ti- TI - tum " . ah ! the musician ! the musician be huge , unshaven , have break nose and tattoo , and be cover in black oil -- like mechanic . they instrument be like heavy industrial machinery , push in large vat of black oil that drip all over the show . king arnulf right ... oh dear ... ( he glance across at the Viking ) I be sure you be not go to like this ... Erik and the other smile reassuringly . there be a lot of cough . the King raise he baton and then bring it down , hum to himself as he do so . there be a most awful din ; caterwaul , crash and bang , whining , scream ... the Viking look at each other , try to pick out some tune , but it 's impossible . ivar the boneless can not stop himself burst out into giggle and this eventually spread to the other Viking . King arnulf notice and bang the throne for silence . gradually the din stop . King arnulf sink down in despair . king arnulf ( tragically ) we be just not a very musical nation ... erik no , no ... it be very ... er , nice . king arnulf now I want you to be absolutely , totally , genuinely honest with I . do you really , truly , honestly like it ? Erik think for some moment and then decide to make a clean breast of it . erik no . king arnulf ( go hysterically ) they do not like it ! oh God ! I want to die ! the whole court look as if it 's about to commit mass hara - kiri , while the musician look rather dangerous . Erik take the moment to get down to business . erik you majesty ! we come from a world where there be no music . where man live and die by the axe and by the sword ... king arnulf well , how d' you think I feel ? erik the god be asleep , King arnulf . king arnulf you try to be nice to people , when they be rude about you sing ... Erik feel he be make a mess of all this diplomacy . erik we must find the horn resounding ! the King glare at Erik . erik be it here in hy -brasil ? King arnulf think for a moment and then speak . king arnulf I will tell you what ... erik yes ? King arnulf hesitates -- he bite he lip and then take the plunge . king arnulf we will do the one that go " tum - tum - tum - tum-ti-tum -tum " . perhaps you will like that better . Erik give up . a lot of throat clear . aud , the King 's daughter , give Erik another dangerously slow wink . the terrible " music " start up , shatter the calm of the beautiful city . fade out : fade in : the golden dragon now afloat once more , riding at anchor in the bay . ivar be stand on guard in it . suddenly he see something that make he gabe in horror . we do not find out what it be , however , because we immediately CUT to : erik he be deeply in love . he be also in bed with the King 's nubile daughter , aud . aud have you ever feel like this about anyone else ? erik what ... you mean " get into bed with " they ? aud no , of course not , silly -- I mean felt like this about they ? erik you mean ... you have get into bed with somebody else ? aud no , I mean have you ever feel that for the first time in you life you would meet somebody you could believe in with you whole heart ... someone whose goal suddenly seem to be you goal ... whose dream seem to be you dream ? erik have you ever be to bed with anyone else ? aud what do that matter ? but you have ... you have ... felt like this before ... erik it be different ... aud ( just for a moment it be helga speak ) what be she like ? erik oh ... oh , I do not know she very well ... aud but you love she all the same ... erik we never go to bed together . aud why do you go on about that ? what do it matter ? erik you have be to bed with somebody else , have not you ? aud I have never love anybody ! erik I have never be to bed with anybody ! suddenly there be a bang on he door . king arnulf ( v.o. ) open up ! I know you be in there ! aud ah ! it 's my father ! king arnulf ( v.o. ) open up ! I know you be in there ! suddenly the note from ivar 's horn ring out across from the bay . Erik rush to the window and look out to see what ivar see previously : a black ship approach on the horizon . erik oh , no ! halfdan ! there be more bang on the bedroom door . king arnulf ( v.o. ) aud ! you have get someone in there again , have not you ? Erik give she a sharp look . aud Quick ! throw this over you ! she throw a shabby bit of cloth over Erik and at that moment the door burst open , and King arnulf enter . king arnulf right ! where be he ? aud who , Father ? king arnulf who ? who ? whoever you have get in here of course ! aud there be no one . the King start prowling round the chamber . Erik stand there , naked and petrify , with the cloak hang over he head , just where it land . king arnulf I can smell one of that stranger ... that 's who it be , be not it ? aud keep mum . king arnulf this be the fifth one this week . before he can stop himself , Erik blurt out : erik fifth ... aud motion he to be quiet , but it 's too late . the King spin round to see who she be signal to . the King appear to be look straight at Erik . Erik can hardly bear the suspense . king arnulf well ... where be he ? aud there 's nobody here , Father . look for yourself . King arnulf look around the chamber carefully . he look straight through Erik as if he be not there . suddenly the King stride over to Erik and Erik instinctively cower out of the way . the King walk straight over to a very small cupboard no more than a foot high , fling the door of it open , and start throw clothes around the room . aud he would not be a midget , Father ! the King turn on she . king arnulf ah ! so you admit there be someone ! aud you be lose you temper ! king ( become instantly pleasant ) of course I be not . I never lose my temper ... ivar 's horn sound again . a shadow pass over King arnulf 's face . king arnulf oh dear ... more visitor ! he stride to the window and see halfdan 's ship . as he do so , Erik have to leap out of the way , inadvertently knock a chest . the King spin round and address the chest . king arnulf come out ... come out like a man ... I know you be in there ... King arnulf fling the chest open , revealing nothing but clothes . he be baffle . he reluctantly start to leave . aud ( gently ) it 's all in you own mind , Father ... it 's you who imagine that I be always up here with some man or other .... king arnulf I do not know how you do it , aud ... I sometimes think you have get some of you mother 's magic ... he suddenly spy a small trinket - box and look in that . but he do not find any strange man in it . aud there be no magic , Father ... my mother have no magic ... king arnulf she do , I tell you ! she could blind I as easily as the night the day . aud it 's you fantasy ... king arnulf but one day I will catch you ... like I catch she ... he leave . aud close the door . Erik throw the cloak off and start get dress . aud the cloak invisible . it be my mother 's parting gift . erik " the fifth one this week " ! aud oh , for goodness ' sake ! erik and I think you say it be something special ... aud run to he side and put she arm around he . aud that 's just what I be try to tell you . you be ... erik five this week ; how many the week before ? aud you be as bad as my father . erik and the week before that ? erik Erik ...! ( she be really sincere ) I want to help you get to asgaard . Erik be tear . he do not know whether to believe she or not . ivar 's horn sound for a third time . Erik race to the window . he look out . halfdan 's ship be even closer . erik we must not let he land ! aud who ? erik halfdan the Black . aud but , Erik ... but Erik be off out of the door . aud no. wait ! my father will be -- there be a thump and a yell as Erik be set upon by the King 's two musician . king arnulf I might have know it be you ! musician # 1 ( pin Erik 's arm behind he ) I be not hurt you , be I ? erik what ? musician # 2 you will tell we if we hurt you ? they start to march Erik through the palace . erik let I go ! Erik struggle . king arnulf ( to musician ) careful ! ( to Erik ) they be not suppose to hurt you . erik you have get to let I go ! musician # 2 oh no ! we can hold onto you -- just so long we do not squeeze too hard or bump you . in the distance we hear the horn again . erik halfdan the Black 's here ! they have reach a cell . the musician start to chain Erik up . king arnulf it 's all part of we safety regulation . you see if someone be to get hurt they might get angry and then ... well ... erik they will be more than " hurt " if halfdan the Black land ! ow ! musician ooh ! I be terribly sorry . king arnulf who be halfdan the Black ? erik he 's try to stop we waking the god . king arnulf why ? erik because that 's how he make he money , by war and plunder ! king arnulf do not talk nonsense . erik he want to kill US ! king arnulf not when we explain about the great bless . erik you do not know halfdan the Black . king arnulf I know that the great bless have keep the peace for a thousand year , and will keep it for the next thousand . the horn sound again . Erik be about to argue this point when thorfinn suddenly burst in . thorfinn Erik ! musician # 2 we be not hurt he ! musician # 1 ( to Erik ) be we ? erik just let I go ! thorfinn halfdan the Black 's here ! erik I know ! thorfinn ( to the King ) he want to kill we . they both look at King arnulf . the King think . erik you do not want he to kill we on hy- brasil ! do you ? the King think some more . the horn sound once more . CUT to : the golden dragon Erik and the Viking be scramble into they war gear . they glance nervously over to where halfdan the Black 's ship be riding on the wave . thorfinn I feel strange . Erik look at thorfinn , shocked . ivar the boneless ( he throat dry ) sort of wobbly and excited ? thorfinn sort of ... ivar that 's fear . sven but thorfinn do not know the meaning of fear . thorfinn be it sort of ... like a sink feel in you stomach ? ivar that 's it ! erik but . you be not even afraid of death , thorfinn ! thorfinn I know . I know . sven' dad it 's magic . erik what " magic " ? sven' dad I have hear storey of a magic that strike fear into the heart so you cannot fight . sven ( deadly serious ) yes ... I can feel it . ivar the boneless ( eagerly ) I always feel like this ! suddenly halfdan 's ship rise up out of the water , and revealing the secret of its hide power . under the water - line be another line of oar ! the Viking be dumbfounded . ivar drop tremble to he knee . the rest go white . thorfinn draw he sword . Erik realize he man be rapidly talk themselves into a blue funk . erik it 's not magic ! it 's just a trick ! thorfinn ( turn on he angrily ) do not you feel it ? Erik look around at he paralyze crew . he realize he be the only one who can save the situation . erik very well ! it they be use magic -- we will use magic of we own ! he leap out of Golden Dragon and race up to the shore towards the city of hy-brasil . Erik race into the Forum and gaze up at the high wall of the Palace . without a think he produce two dagger and plunge they into the stonework . then he haul himself up the sheer cliff of wall up to aud 's bedchamber fist over fist . it be , indeed , a prodigious feat . he arrive at aud 's window exhaust . aud , who have appear at the window , look at he curiously . aud why do not you come up by the stair ? Erik look around and notice for the first time the magnificent flight of stair lead up to the top of aud 's tower . erik ( rather miff ) just give I a hand . aud I mean , you could have kill yourself . Erik clamber into aud 's room . erik where 's the cloak invisible ? aud why ? Erik look around and be suddenly suspicious . erik I can not see it ! ( indignation suddenly seize he ) have you get another man in here ? Erik start feel the air as if expect to find a invisible body . aud it 's in the chest . Erik race over and grab the cloak . aud no ! erik I will bring it back . aud Erik . you do not understand . erik no . it 's you who do not understand , aud . halfdan have come to kill and destroy . we bring he here . we must stop he . aud ( point at the cloak ) but you do not realize .... erik Goodbye , aud ... Erik leap out of the window . for a moment aud be surprised and then alarmed as she realize he 's jump out of the window , which be some forty foot off the ground . aud Erik ! she rush to the window in time to see Erik parachute down , hold the four corner of the cloak . Erik land safely and wave with the cloak . erik and thanks for the cloak invisible ! aud no! wait ! erik ! the cloak ! the cloak invisible ! it only seem to work on my father ! but Erik can not hear she . he be already racing back to he ship . back on the golden dragon thorfinn be take " be scare " lesson from ivar the boneless . thorfinn and a sort of slightly sick feel ? ivar that 's it ! and you keep want to go to the lavatory . thorfinn oh , yes ! I have not notice that ! snorri oh , shut up , you two . you be make we all nervous . Erik leap into Golden Dragon brandish the cloak invisible . erik so halfdan the Black 's use magic , be he ? well , I have a magic to match he ! ( he hold up the cloak invisible ) keitel what be it ? snorri a magic dishcloth . erik to the oar ! thorfinn D ' you think I have get time to go behind that bush ? ivar start to drum and the Viking begin to row . Golden Dragon head out of the harbor . CUT to : halfdan the black flanke by he adviser , gisli oddsson and eilif the mongul . he give a nod and eilif bang he staff of office on the deck , as a signal for the galley slave to speed up . down in the galley , the slave master ( a diminutive japanese ) stalk down the deck lash the sweat - streak galley slave and cursing they in incomprehensive japanese . fortunately ( or perhaps unfortunately ) a translation appear in subtitles . slave-driver ( subtitle ) row ! you incomprehensible , horizontal - eye , western trouser - wearer ! eurgh ! you all look the same to I ! how I despise you lack of subtlety and you join - up write ! you , who have never commit ritual suicide in you life ! slave ( whisper to he neighbor ) you know , I do not think it would be so bad , if we know what he be say ... slave -driver silence ! unceremonious rice-pudd eater ! how I abominate you milk - drink and you lack of ancestor - worship and you failure to eat you lunch out of little box ! meanwhile the Viking be grow increasingly uneasy as they row towards halfdan . sven' dad what " magic " have you bring , Erik ? erik you will see ! at this point , back on the Black ship , halfdan give another nod and eilif rap out yet another command with he staff . this time the prow of the Black ship open up like a pair of jaw . the Viking see it and panic . ivar the boneless I have do it ! thorfinn oh , yes ... ( he have too ! ) halfdan nod again and another order be rapped out . this time a harpoon be fire from the prow . it thud into golden dragon and two of halfdan 's dog-soldier start to winch the line in . the two ship be haul closer and closer . the Viking panic even more . Erik hold up the cloak invisible and grin round at he man , know he be go to surprise they . erik here ! here be the magic from the King 's daughter ! Erik 's man watch , half skeptical and half hopeful . Erik enjoy the moment of suspense . the he throw the cloak invisible over he head and shoulder and grin round at he man triumphantly , imagine he have vanish from they sight . erik there ! I have become the wind ! the Viking look at he , rather puzzle . only harald seem to be impressed . harald how do he do that ? sven' dad do what ? harald vanish into thin air ? sven' dad he have not . harald well , where be he then ? harald look around . he be the only one who can not see Erik . sven' dad he 's there ! at this point halfdan 's ship suddenly bite into the side of Golden Dragon . Erik leap onto the side of Golden Dragon and swing across onto halfdan 's ship . the Viking react to the horror of halfdan 's ship bite into Golden Dragon and to Erik 's blithe leap onto the enemy boat . Erik land on the deck of halfdan 's ship , and grin at the ferocious skull - helmete dog-soldier . erik ooh ! scary ! scary ! do not we look mean ? two dog-soldier look at each other , totally non-pluss . Erik grimace at halfdan 's man , and do a little pirouette to show they all that he 's invisible from every angle . erik you can not see I ! but I can see you ! he break into a little dance . halfdan glare at he adviser . halfdan what 's go on ? gisli oddsson that 's Erik . halfdan well , why be not he scared of we ? Erik , meanwhile approach one of the dog-soldier and make silly face at he . erik boo ! the dog-soldier topple overboard . the galley slave watch another dog-soldier fall into the hold amongst they and lie there stunne . his sword fall onto the deck between the slave . one of the slave throw down he oar , and pick up the dog-soldier 's sword . the slave - master suddenly appear . once again he speak immaculate japanese . slave-master ( subtitle ) hey ! what 's go on ? you big - breast woman give I no pleasure with they warm - up fish and ... urgh ! the slave - master stride down the ship to flay the offend slave , but another slave trip he up and in a twinkle of a eye four other have leapt on the slave - master ( despite they chain ) and be extract he key . halfdan what 's the matter ? have not you see anyone fight before ? dog - soldier # 1 no . dog - soldier # 2 they be usually too scared of we . halfdan kill he ! Erik , still think he 's invisible , be run amongst the dog-soldier , have fun . he run one dog-soldier through and kick another overboard , then he run past a few more , right up to halfdan himself . he whisk the cloak invisible off he head for a instant . erik ( think he 's revealing himself ) here I be ! then he turn and be off . halfdan turn to he aide . halfdan what ? back on the golden dragon the Viking ' disbelief have turn to admiration . sven' dad there ! that be a true berserk . sven I be just building up to it , dad . sven start bang he head on the side of the boat . snorri he 's go batty ! thorfinn no ! the fear 's go ! halfdan grab a sword off one of he dead dog-soldier and thrust it into the unwilling hand of he military adviser , eilif . halfdan fight , damn you ! fight ! CUT back to : the golden dragon now sven leap across onto halfdan 's ship follow by ivar , yell . snorri look back at keitel . snorri well ! come on ! keitel I ... I ... keitel be think : " maybe I should let halfdan win " but he know he can not let a thing like that happen , now he be face with the reality of it . the companionship of the voyage have bring they all too close for that . keitel ( under he breath ) hang the blacksmith 's code ! keitel leap to he foot and join in the attack . Erik , meanwhile , be swinging across the deck from a rope . erik I be the air ! I be the wind ! keitel and thorfinn be now fight side by side . thorfinn this be life , eh ? keitel grin and strike out . ivar turn on eilif who have reluctantly join the fray . maybe he 's single ivar out as the most harmless . ivar suddenly realize he 's only armed with drumstick . eilif smile evilly . ivar ooh ... er ... eilif 's sword slice through ivar 's drumstick . ivar turn to run , but be stop by a dog-soldier . eilif take the opportunity to run he through from behind . ivar ( as he die ) ouch . Erik see ivar 's demise . erik ivar ! Erik leap to take revenge . he jump into the galley - pit and out again a la Douglas fairbank in " the thief of Baghdad " and dispatch eilif with a single thrust . sven and he dad be fight surround by dog-soldier . sven' dad well , go on ! go berserk ! sven give US a chance , dad ! snorri appear from behind . snorri ( to sven 's dad ) what about you ? why do not you go berserk ? sven' dad I get to keep my eye on he ... sven 's dad look uneasy . he be surround and , as a seasoned campaigner , know they have not much chance . halfdan smile to himself . the battle be go he way . thorfinn meanwhile be fight two dog-soldier but be attack from behind by a third . sven look out ! thorfinn ! but it 's too late . thorfinn be run through the back . sven go berserk and kill all three dog-soldier . sven 's dad look on , proud of he son for the first time . maybe they relationship will never be the same again . now snorri see something that cheer he up . slave be come up from below to join the battle . they be armed with oar and sword . they join the fray , knock dog-soldier overboard with they oar . the dog-soldier be suddenly outnumber . halfdan 's smile fade , and he look around for a escape route . the tide of battle have now turn dramatically as dog-soldier after dog-soldier be toss over the side or laid low by the combination of Viking and slave . halfdan and gisli slip into a lifeboat and sneak off . the rat be leave the sink ship . back on the deck all the dog-soldier be dead or overboard . the slave and Viking be cheer and embrace each other . at the other end of the boat , sven be cradling the die thorfinn in he arm . all around be jubilant slave celebrate they freedom . sven thorfinn ! you can not die ! thorfinn I be not frighten ... of anything ... sven you will see my grandfather in valhalla ! thorfinn ( die ) no ... he 's not ... not ... there ... sven tell he I be come ! thorfinn die . sven hold he and a tear come down he face . the danger have make comrade of the two rival . Erik , however , be still fight a last lone dog-soldier ; but just as he be about to run he through the dog-soldier be stab in the back . he sink to the floor , revealing another dog-soldier . Erik be outrage by this act of treachery and turn on the assassin . dog - soldier no ! no! wait ! please wait , Erik ! the dog-soldier pull he mask off to reveal he be , in fact , loki . Erik be totally non-pluss . erik loki ! where do you come from ? loki halfdan want to stop you waking the god ... so ... I disguise myself to sabotage they plan . Erik have meanwhile be join by the remain comrade . loki to save you , Erik . Erik be about to say " but how can you see I ? I be wear the cloak invisible . " erik but -- loki it be my master keitel 's idea . all eye turn on keitel who look very uncomfortable . loki be not it , keitel ? keitel well ... I ... I think ... keitel be overcome by the power of loki 's will , but he be deeply ashamed of he complicity in loki 's deed . snorri gaze at keitel with grow suspicion . erik but ... how be it you can see I ? ( he look round ) you can all see I ? loki what d' you mean ? snorri and other why should not we see you ? harald I can not see he . erik I be wear the cloak invisible .... Erik take it off to demonstrate . harald oh ! there you be ! erik ( to the other ) you mean ... you could see I all the time ? the Viking look at each other , mystify . snorri be not we suppose to ? erik oh ... I feel a little ... oh ... Erik 's knee give way and he faint onto the deck . CUT to : king be hall - some time later a victory celebration be in progress . it be a little bit like a hampstead cocktail party , and the rough , battle - stain Viking look rather out of place hold they little canap . suddenly the King clap for silence . king arnulf we be grateful to you , Erik , and to you man ... court yes , we be ... king arnulf and there be only one way we can repay you ... musician ! King arnulf clap he hand . Erik rush over to he , anxious to avoid another hy-brasilian concert . erik ( hurriedly ) well , we would love to hear you sing again , but what we would really appreciate would be if you could see you way to lend ... not give of course ... but just lend we the ... um ... the , well , to be quite blunt ... the horn resounding . all the time Erik be talk the door of the hall behind be open and a vast lur or horn be carry in by six bearer . one or two of the Viking have turn to look and be now stand speechless . King arnulf beam at Erik . king arnulf it 's yours . now Erik finally turn and look at what everyone else be look at . Erik 's jaw drop . everyone in the court beam at Erik , except aud who be look sad and disappointed . erik ( when he can find he voice ) be that it ? a cloud pass over King arnulf 's happy face . king arnulf be there something the matter with it ? erik oh! no! no ... of course not ... it 's just I have not expect it to be quite so big . king arnulf well , it 's not call the horn resounding for nothing . ( aside ) you do know how to play the horn , do not you ? erik yes ... oh , yes ... king arnulf then I expect you will be leave first thing in the morning . the King manhandle Erik away from he daughter . perhaps we have the feel that she 's be not go to let Erik go as easily as that ... mix through to later that night . the Viking be lie asleep on the great Hall , beside the horn resounding . the camera close in on keitel . suddenly a voice come from the shadow : voice ( whisper ) keitel ! keitel blacksmith ! keitel open he eye and find loki close beside he . loki what 's the matter , keitel blacksmith ? have you forget why you come on this voyage ? keitel be silent . loki be you go to let Erik wake the god ? keitel how can we stop he now ? loki look around and then open he hand in front of keitel . in it be the mouthpiece from the horn resounding . loki take this and throw it from the cliff height . they will never make the horn resounding sound without it . keitel frown . then a obvious think limp across he muscular mind . keitel but why I ? why do not you do it ? somebody stir . loki sh! hurry ! keitel you do it ! loki you will be able to throw it further than I could . keitel think . this be true . loki it must go far out to sea . loki press the mouthpiece on keitel . keitel take it , but reluctantly . another Viking stir . loki surely you have not forget the blacksmith 's oath ? keitel be about to reply and say he 's be have second thought about it , but somehow he can not . loki have such power over he . keitel I ... suddenly another Viking stir , and loki hiss at he . loki hurry ! loki pretend to go back to sleep . keitel ( feel a bit lumber ) think about he task and hesitates ... who know ? perhaps he be about to stand firm , but loki play he trump card . loki ( without open he eye ) or I might have to tell Erik why you really come on this voyage . keitel be catch . he close he eye in resignation and then reluctantly start to make he way out of the Hall . as he get to the door he trip over snorri , who wake . the mouthpiece fall a few foot away . snorri who 's that ? keitel it 's I . I be just go to water the dragon ... ( he give a false laugh ) snorri oh ... snorri notice the silver mouthpiece on the floor , but he pretend he have not . snorri oh ... clumsy idiot . snorri pretend to go back to sleep , but he open one eye and watch keitel blacksmith recover the mouthpiece , and then follow keitel out . loki get up too . he follow to keep a eye on snorri . CUT to : aud on the shore gazing moodily out to sea . she be brood in Erik 's imminent departure . suddenly a stone fall from above ; she look up and see a figure appear on the cliff above . hurriedly she withdraw into the shadow . keitel blacksmith appear on the cliff-top . in he hand he hold the mouthpiece of the horn resounding . he examine it , turn over in he mind whether he be do the right thing or not . then he decide he must . keitel ( to himself ) my fellow blacksmith . he prepare to throw it . snorri keitel ! keitel jump out of he skin . keitel what ? snorri what be you do , keitel blacksmith ? keitel get away , snorri . snorri what have you get there ? snorri advance towards keitel . keitel back away , dangerously near to the edge of the cliff . his boot slip and he jerk himself forward . at the same time snorri make a grab for the mouthpiece . a scuffle ensue , during which the mouthpiece of the horn resounding be drop . it bounce off the cliff and fall down to the shore below . aud step out of the shadow and pick it up . she frown and look up , and then scream , as she see the man fight . aud no ! but it 's too late . snorri go white , give a hideous gasp ... and sink slowly to he knee -- revealing loki stand behind he with a bloody knife . as keitel and loki watch snorri die , a drop of blood from the knife fall to the ground . the moment it land , there be a deep subterranean groan , and the earth begin to tremble violently . keitel and loki look around in alarm . keitel oh god ! what have we do ? back in the king be hall sven , sven 's dad and harald be wide awake , but for the moment paralyze , as bit of masonry crash around they . the cheerful figure of King arnulf appear at the top of a stairway . he raise he hand . king arnulf stay calm ! this be not happen . the King then hurry out of a door at the top of the staircase . sven' dad what do he say ? erik look out ! the door of the great Hall burst open and a wall of water crash through , knock the Viking off they foot . there be little doubt that the whole of hy - brasil be sink see a street go down , a statue sink and then we : CUT to : closeup of king arnulf he be stand at the top of the Forum step address a crowd of anxious citizen . they be keep surprisingly good order consider they be already stand ankle - deep in water , and the whole town be rapidly sink around they . king arnulf now , I know what some of you must be think ... the day have come .... we be all go down , etc. etc . but let 's get away from the fantasy and look at the fact . fact one -- the threat of total destruction have keep the peace for one thousand year . fact two -- the chance of it fail now be therefore one in three hundred and sixty - five thousand . fact three ... by this time the water be up to people 's knee , and several have crowded onto the lower step to avoid get wet . king arnulf fact three -- we safety regulation be the most rigorous in the world . we be all nice to each other , we never rub each other up the wrong way or contradict each other , do we ? crowd no . rumble . the building sink and masonry fall . citizen we ... er ... do seem to be go down quite fast , you majesty -- not try to contradict you , course . king arnulf no , of course you be not , citizen . but let 's stick to the fact . there have never be a safer , more certain way of keep the peace . so whatever 's happen , you can rest assure , hy - brasil be not sink . repeat , not sink . CUT to : a unfortunate hy - brasilian who look out of a window to see if it 's raining , but be immerse before he can find out . the citizen in the Forum , however , be reassure by the King 's word -- even though they be now up to they waist in water . one of they step forward . another citizen May I just make a point in support of what King arnulf 's just say ? king arnulf we would be delighted -- would not we ? citizen yes , we would certainly like to hear what one of we have get to say ... Erik , sven , sven 's dad and harald struggle out of the great Hall , carry they belonging and the horn resounding , while the citizen be still speak most articulately in support of the King . they be almost in a panic . erik what be you all do ? citizen at the back ( cheerfully ) it 's all right . it 's not happen . erik ( urgently ) the place be sink ! citizen at the back yes ... I think it be too , but the King 's just point out that it can not be . citizen ( still speak in support of the King ) ... and , of course , we must not forget King arnulf 's excellent eye for flower - arrange . there be a smatter of applause . a few people pull they robe up out of the wet . Erik leap onto a wall and shout to the crowd . erik save yourselves ! hy-brasil ... be sink . there be a lot of know smile amongst the citizen . citizen from middle look , you do not know we safety regulation . king arnulf it can not happen . erik but it be ! look ! king arnulf ( ignore Erik ) the important thing be not to panic . citizen quite ... yes ... we understand ... king arnulf I have already appoint the chancellor as Chairman of a committee to find out exactly what be go on , and meantime I suggest we have a sing - song ! citizen good idea ! another can we do the one that go " tum - TI - tum -ti- tum-ti- tum " ? Erik look around in despair . meanwhile in another street someone be struggle in the floodwater . loki I can not swim ! I can not swim ! keitel relax ! loki I be drown ! help ! loki grab keitel round the neck . keitel let go ! but keitel be pull under . he re-emerges spluttering . keitel urrgh ! argh ! let go , you idiot ! loki help ! keitel you will drow we bo ... but they go under again . at this point Erik , sven , sven 's dad and harald swim round the corner , push the horn resounding . they see the figure disappear under the water . keitel help ! loki help ! Erik , sven and Co. swim as fast as they can to rescue the drown pair . they struggle to overpower the panic-stricken loki , but he put up a manic fight . unexpectedly , harald missionary suddenly unleash a vicious right hook and lay loki out cold . there be a moment 's stunne silence that be no unmingle with indignation . sven ( with hurt surprise ) you hit he ! harald well , it 's what you be suppose to do ... be not it ? sven' dad look ! they look up as Golden Dragon sail around a corner of the street , pilote by aud . as the Viking scramble aboard , the sound of the " sing - song " reach a particularly noisy and discordant climax attract they attention . back in what be the forum a crowd of unconcern - look citizen be sit on the last roof and just come to the end of another appall song . citizen ... Te ... tum ! king you know , I think we be get better . citizen # 1 ( with genuine interest ) how can you tell ? king ( a bit stump ) er ... aud Father ! the King look up . king arnulf it 's all right ! it be not happen ! aud but , Father , it be ! erik get on board ! citizen # 2 no thanks ! citizen # 3 who do you think you be ? citizen # 1 panic-monger ! the roof be now sink rapidly , though the citizen appear as unperturb as ever . citizen leave we alone ! sven yeah . leave them alone . aud it 's sink ! hy - brasil be sink ! king arnulf well , my dear , I think you will find it 's all a question of what you want to believe in .... I have slightly more experience of this matter than you ... unfortunately , at this point , the entire gather of citizen , the King and the Forum Temple disappear below the wave . aud Father ! ( tear spring to she eye ) harald missionary have put he arm around aud in a fatherly way . harald missionary there , my child ... it 's at time like this that this book can be a great help ... Erik shoos he away . harald missionary ( with he usual promptness ) right ! golden dragon spin alone in the wide ocean . fade out : fade in : some time later they be all gather in front of the horn resounding . erik ( to himself ) we must blow the first note ... he note that will take we to asgaard ... sven ( nervously and with awe in he voice ) over the Edge of the World . the other man look up at the horn resounding , and begin to feel a bit nervous . erik we be go where only the dead have be before ... Erik take a deep breath and then put he lip to the horn resounding . he blow . there be a splutter , and one or two of the Viking titter amongst themselves . he have another go . but again , all he produce be a pathetic spluttering . sven ( not unkindly in he manner ) uh! here ! give it to I ! sven push Erik aside . sven blow ... he become redder and redder . but all he produce be a splutter . he get a bit angry . sven thor 's blood ! sven 's dad look heavenward . sven' dad you be not use the right technique . sven 's dad try to take it over . sven no ! I be do it ! they start to struggle . sven ( get angry ) you be always tell I ... telling I ! Erik try to separate they . erik sven ! sven ( to he dad ) let I do something for myself for a change ! suddenly aud come forward . aud no ! do not quarrel ! sven and he dad stop fight , surprised by the vehement in she voice . aud we will never get where we want to go if we fight . aud cross to the horn and insert the mouthpiece . loki glance at keitel . he have not bargain for this ! loki er... do not blow it ! you never know what might happen ... aud it have not speak for a thousand year ... you must bring it to life with a kiss ... she put she lip to the mouthpiece and just touch it with they ... almost a kiss ... then ... very gently ... she begin to blow ... a soft ... slight note can just be hear ... aud take she mouth away from the mouthpiece ... and the soft note go on ... reverberate ... a sweet note ... a magic note ... the Viking stand stock -still , enchant by the sound ... and the sound all the time be get louder and the horn begin to vibrate with the note . as the volume increase the Golden Dragon itself begin to reverberate with the sound . ring of ripple begin to radiate out from the boat across the calm water . the note grow louder and louder , and the Viking , who at first be laugh and cheer at aud 's success , begin to get rather alarmed . louder and louder get the note and the horn shake and the boat vibrate . thing start to be shake loose , and fall onto the deck . ropes uncoil and run loose . a heavy block suddenly crash down to the deck , crown harald and lay he out flat . louder and louder grow the note , and the Viking have to stop they ear for the pain . the water around the ship become more and more agitate . and then another sound be hear . it be the thunder of water in the distance like a million distant waterfall . and suddenly they notice the sea be run like a river -- all in one direction ... sweeping the ship forward with incredible momentum . in no time they be engulf in a mist , still travel at a rate of knot . almost at once a appoint rock loom out of the mist ahead of they . Erik fling himself at the steering oar , and everyone be throw about as the ship veer wildly and just miss the rock , only to see another loom up ahead of they . the ship veer again , as a third rock loom ahead . this time sven have grab a coil of rope , and as they pass the third rock , he throw it like a lasso over the rock . loki and keitel leap to grab the rope just as the rope go taut and the ship come to a lurching stop , anchore by the rope , but still sway and buffete in the racing water . that on board shout to each other , soak to the skin . it be difficult to make out what they be shouting . loki help ! aud what be you do ? loki what d' you think ? help ! somebody help we ! sven shut up ! loki ( point at aud ) she want to kill we ! keitel she want to take we over the Edge of the World ! aud you want to get to asgaard , do not you ? loki how do we know this be the way ? erik ( shouting ) we blow the horn resounding . loki ( scream and point a accuse finger at aud ) she blow the horn resounding . keitel ( shouting ) do not you see , Erik ! she want revenge ! erik what be you talk about ? loki ( to keitel ) shut up ! keitel she know it be we fault ! loki keep you mouth shut , keitel ! keitel no ! it 's you , loki ! I should never have listen to you ! loki look around desperately . loki you have lose you mind . keitel we come to stop you waking the god , Erik ! but I do not want anyone to get hurt ! loki you fool ! suddenly loki produce he stiletto and leap onto keitel , stabbing at he . loki I should have get rid of you long ago ! keitel like you get rid of snorri ! Erik try to separate they . aud no ! no ! we be in the spell of the horn ! hatred will destroy we . erik that 's right ! for a split second Erik be distract . he look across at aud and for a moment he see freya stand there . freya once you be in the spell of the horn , hatred will destroy you ... then it be aud once more . but in that split second loki have stab Erik . erik arrgh ! Erik stagger back clutching he arm . keitel give a roar of rage , and pick loki up bodily and hurl he out of the boat into the maelstrom . the other Viking look on aghast . keitel turn on they . keitel he kill snorri ! he cause the land of hy - brasil to sink ! she know ! aud I do not know ! keitel now she want to send we over the Edge of the World ! aud how else d' you think we be go to get to asgaard ? the Viking look at each other amidst the roaring water and the thick spray . Erik hold he bleed arm and look at aud . should he trust she or not ? suddenly he turn on the other . erik ( shouting above the din ) do you know the way to asgaard , keitel blacksmith ? keitel shake he head . erik do you know the way to asgaard , sven ? sven shake he head . erik there be one road before we , and that lead over the Edge of the World . harald sit up as he return to consciousness . harald there be no Edge of the World . sven 's dad bonk he again . Erik take the rope and begin pay it out . with grim face the Viking turn and face towards the roaring of the water , as Erik edge the ship further into the mist . the noise be deafen . it would be almost impossible to hear any voice above it . the face of the Viking betray they fear as they find themselves emerge from out of the mist at the Edge of the World . they gape as they find themselves confront by a waterfall of Seas -- stretch on either side of they -- as far as the eye can see -- water fall and plunging over the lip of the world . and in front of they -- the blue sky continue on down and down until it shade into blackness strewn with star beneath they foot ... sven , sven 's dad and keitel edge to the prow and gasp . aud no ! do not look over the Edge ! Erik let out a little more rope , until the ship be protrude over the edge . sven , he dad and keitel peer over the side , and stare down into the abyss . they gasp . from above we see the prow of Golden Dragon and the back of the Viking ' head in plain view against a backdrop of star below they . erik let I see ! aud hold he back . aud no. do not look ... the abyss will suck away you strength . erik I must look ! keitel ! hold this ! Erik turn to see sven and keitel tremble ... they hold onto the side of the ship but they leg can barely support they . sven there be nothing we can do ... sven' dad helpless ... keitel start to laugh . keitel ha ha ... I believe loki ... I believe I have a duty to blacksmith ! ha ha ha ! keitel laugh a little hysterically . aud turn urgently to Erik . aud you still want to go to asgaard ? erik of course . aud do you believe I love you ? erik I ... but I ... aud you do not have to love I . just : do you believe I love you ? erik yes -- I believe you do . aud then let go ! Erik hesitates , then he decide to believe in aud . he throw the rope away . at once the ship shoot off over the Edge of the World into space ... everything seem to slow down , as the longship drop down and down ... the ship twist slowly as it drop .... round and round . the Viking gaze about they in wonder , as they find they ship if fall in silence amongst the star . harald come to once again . harald I be still see star . keitel look round at he . keitel we be all see star . harald no ! I be hit on the head . the longship fall and fall through the star-strew space until it softly land in a white wilderness . on the deck the Viking be huddle up , cover with rime - frost . it seem as if they have be lie there half - freeze for some time . perhaps the entire adventure have all be a dream , and they have be stick in the Arctic pack - ice the whole time . the hallucination of man near to death . aud try to wake Erik . aud do not sleep ... wake ... look ! Erik open he eye and , for a instant , he see helga . he blink and realize it be aud who be call he back to consciousness . suddenly color light begin to play to he face . erik bi-frost ... the rainbow Bridge . above they the aurora borealis stretch up , magnificent and awesome in the sky . Erik make he way through the other Viking . erik wake up ! the other slowly begin to rouse themselves from they icy slumber and sit up , awed by the sight . keitel ( whisper ) be we dead ? viking the rainbow Bridge . they all peer up at the ever-chang color of the aurora borealis , hang in the sky above they like organ-pipe . but something be happen . the light begin to fade to reveal a magical city on a mountain . the Viking realize that this be journey 's end ... they have reach asgaard ... the City of the god . the Viking all catch they breath and gaze in awe . erik asgaard ! harald missionary where ? sven' dad up there , you fathead . harald missionary up where ? harald look round quizzically at the other . it be clear that he can see nothing . erik look ! it 's real . harald look around at the other . harald hallucination be real . it 's no use ; harald can see nothing . the Viking , transfix by the sight of they fable home of the god , rise to they foot . aud whisper to Erik . aud the second note . erik the second note to wake the god ... Erik kneel in front of the horn . aud gently ... Erik blow ... a soft gentle note ... he take he mouth away , and smile at aud . once again the horn star to vibrate and the note get louder ... the ship start to vibrate ... louder and louder ... the whole landscape start to vibrate ... louder and louder grow the note until even the star in the sky be vibrate and then a magical thing start to happen ... the note fade as one by one the shimmer star start to fall out of the night sky ... they fall like silver snow ... until the ship ... the Viking ... asgaard ... the whole landscape be cover in sparkling dust ... then in the ensue silence the first light begin to glow in the hall of asgaard ... then another ... and another ... Erik stare as be bewitch and slowly begin to climb out of Golden Dragon .... but aud try to pull he back . aud Erik ! you have do what you come to do ! erik not quite ... aud look at he . aud blow the third note ! the note to take we home ! erik there be something I must ask the god ... aud no live man have ever set foot in the hall of asgaard ... the god will never let you return . Erik look at she ... for a moment ... but he know he have no choice . sven I come to find my grandfather . erik I have to go ... aud then I shall come too . erik ( stare at she ) no ... no ... aud I do not want to live without you . erik but , aud ... I ... I come to find someone ... aud be about to say " her ? " , but she bite the word back and look down at the ground . erik I be sorry , aud ... I really be . aud kiss Erik , who then turn and climb out of Golden Dragon and set off across the ice . sven follow . sven' dad wait for I ! I will be dead soon anyway ... keitel you can not go without I ! they follow . even harald missionary start to follow . harald where be they all go ? aud be not you afraid ? harald oh ... there 's nothing for I to be afraid of . harald smile and set off after the other . aud follow . the star have fall to form a shine , wind pathway up to the City of the god . this be what the Viking head for . between they and the citadel strange huge form rise up . the Viking approach and find the vast skeleton of the slain giant . the Viking be but tiny gnat-size figure wend they way between the vast figure . they climb the stairway - path of star , up the wind road and eventually fin themselves outside the massive door of asgaard . erik valhalla ... sven turn on harald . sven there ! it 's real ! it 's solid ! now do you believe we ? he pat the wall of valhalla -- the great Hall . harald reach out , but he hand go right through the wall . harald there be not anything . harald missionary walk straight through the wall and disappear from sight . the Viking gasp , and run up to feel the point where he disappear . the door be perfectly solid to they , and they jump pout of they skin as harald suddenly reappear again . harald you be have I on , be not you ? erik it 's valhalla -- where the warrior slain in battle go . aud it do not exist for he . sven' dad he 's just 's cynic . at this moment there be a creak and the great door mysteriously swing open . as if mesmerize , the Viking enter the hall of asgaard . the door slam behind they . they spin round , but the door have vanish ... no man have ever enter the hall of asgaard and leave alive ... Erik slowly start to cross the vast floor look around he as he do so . one by one the other Viking follow . after a while Erik stop . erik listen ! the Viking listen . they hear the sound of child laugh and shouting . Erik and he man follow through the column towards a pool of light . the scene that greet they eye be not at all what they have be prepare for . valhalla be not full of the warrior slain in battle , quaffing mead on the ale - bench and relive old battle -- it be , instead full of child romping , laugh , shouting , quarreling and play game ... chess , fencing ... dice ... tag , etc. , around a wide hearth fire . woman be cooking and do other housewifely thing ... weaving , make bread , etc . it be a thoroughly domestic scene . suddenly one of they turn at Erik . it be helga , whom Erik accidentally kill in scene one . she be once again knead dough . she have a red stain under she breast . helga oh good ! it 's Mr. wonderful ! Erik leap to she side . erik I have come to take you back to the land of the live . helga what a stupid idea . erik ( mortally hurt ) why ? helga what 's the point of be dead in the land of the live ? erik I will ask the god to give you life again ! helga look at Erik very skeptically . she obviously think he do not know what he 's talk about . aud react . Erik take helga 's hand -- and get cover in dough . helga have you try to ask the God for anything ? erik well ... no ... harald missionary who be he talk to ? aud sh! helga odin ! one of the child , throw penny against the wall , look round . child - odin I be busy . the Viking be recover from they surprise . viking odin ? helga ( get back to she knead ) he 's busy . erik be that odin ? helga you will have to wait till he 's finish he game . erik ( shouting across ) odin ! odin leave he game and saunter towards Erik . erik we have come from the world of midgard ... the child whom odin be play with point he hammer at the ground near Erik and a lightning bolt zap into it . Erik jump . child - thor clear off . odin no , wait , thor . erik you must help we . odin we do not have to help anybody . erik fenrir the Wolf cover the sun -- man fight and kill each other the whole time . odin why should we care ? erik because ... you be ... you be the god .... odin so ? erik bring the Age of ragnarok to a end and stop all this fight and bloodsh . harald look around at the Viking in increase desperation . harald this be ridiculous . viking sh ! harald right ! the other child - god have stop play around now and be watch Erik and odin . odin Erik the Viking ! the thing you seek be not in we power . we do not make man love each other or hate each other . erik but you be the god ! odin look ... Erik ... odin whistle . the other child look over they shoulder . from out of the darkness of the perimeter of the Hall , shadow emerge ... shadow that , as they shuffle and stumble into the light , reveal themselves to be the heroes that the Viking have expect to find in valhalla . but they be not hale and hearty giant quaffing mead and relive they great battle ... they be , in fact , a sorry lot ... the slain - in - battle still bear the hideous deformity of they fatal wound . most have a sword or a axe bury in some part of they anatomy . one have be cleft in twain ... the Viking react to this grisly gather as more and more of they emerge from the shadow . they gasp as they notice snorri , ivar , thorfinn , loki and leif the lucky . erik snorri ! ivar ! harald here we be stand on a bare mountain top talk to thin air . we notice that harald 's cloak be be blow about as if he be indeed on a bare mountain top . the other 's cloak be still . sven 's dad be gaze across at one horribly mutilate specimen . sven' dad dad ! keitel ( disbelievingly ) how can you tell ? sven' dad I will never forget he ! the bastard ! sven react . sven 's dad start to go berserk . sven' dad he drive I mad ! sven easy , dad ! sven' dad and he " you will never be a berserk if you lose you temper " ... sven dad ! sven' dad I hate you ! I hate you ! sven 's dad collapse against sven and sven comfort he , understandingly . a figure emerge from the throng of dead . it be thorfinn . sven look up at he . thorfinn you win , sven . loki what right have you to try and stop man fight , Erik the Viking ? there be glory in battle . there be rich to be make and win ... keitel make by you , loki ! loki by you -- keitel blacksmith ! do not you know , Erik , that be why he go with you ? ragnarok be good for he business ... keitel it 's not my business any more ! suddenly there be a howl ... a bitter howl that echoe above and around the hall of asgaard and that get more distant and more distant . everyone ( include the dead heroes and the god ) freeze and look up , listen . perhaps we cut away to the boil sky as it resolve itself into the shape of a wolf that snarl and slink away . odin turn to Erik as the howling recede . odin fenrir the Wolf have go , Erik . but will man cease fight each other ? that be not in we power ... odin start to laugh . all the other child start to laugh ... so do the dead heroes . Erik and he man look round uneasily . erik I have one more request before we return ... Erik turn towards helga , who be still stand at she trough of dough with she arm up to she elbow in flour . aud watch Erik with sadness in she heart . odin return ? you have set you foot in the hall of asgaard , Erik . you can not return . aud look round to see how the other react . it be as she have fear . Erik pale . the blood drain from the other 's face . aud whisper something to harald . harald look at she blankly . aud ( whisper ) please ! harald but you be all imagine this ... whatever it be . aud ( earnestly ) you be the only one who can . please . harald look around at the dumbfounded Viking . then he shrug and wander off , disappear through the close door of valhalla . erik you mean ... we must stay here forever ? as he say this Erik 's eye turn again towards helga . he be clearly think at least there be compensation ... odin , however , be laugh again . odin stay here ? ha ha ! this be valhalla . this be reserve for that slain - in - battle . horribly slain warrior ( grin cheerfully ) yeah ! we be the lucky one ! horribly slain friend of he yeah . it 's much better than die of old age . the ghastly and dismember dead warrior all chortle no end at the dismay write on the face of Erik and he man . at the same time there be a grind , wince sound . all that around the hearth - place fall back as a vast grate be wince up from out of the flame . the Viking look at each other . odin for you there be only the pit of hel ! as odin say this there be a roaring sound and the flame and smoke be suddenly reverse and as the roaring increase the flame be suck down altogether to reveal the black pit of hel itself . and now the pit be suck the Viking into it ... they hair blow ... they try to withstand the force that be draw they towards the abyss ... the god look on in some amusement . but some of the dead be concerned . sven' grandfather Son ! my son ! sven' dad get lose ! sven dad ! grandfather ! sven try to reconcile he father and grandfather , but it 's no use . he be suck towards the pit . viking help ! erik ( to helga ) I try to save you ! helga why should you care ? erik I do not know ! I just do ! Erik can no longer withstand the force that be suck he down to the pit of hel . suddenly , however , snorri have leapt from the rank of the dead . he grab Erik and try to stop he slide towards the pit of hel . but it 's no good . erik no ! let go , snorri ! snorri I have get you ! erik you will be suck down too ! snorri no! arrgh ! meanwhile , ivar and thorfinn and leif the lucky have also leapt forward to save they comrade . they put up a fantastic struggle but remorselessly they be all suck down . viking aagh ! the Viking clutch at the stone floor , they finger trace blood as they try to cling on ... but to no avail . the first be already toppling into the pit . viking noooh ! viking ah ! and the rest -- include aud -- soon follow . the mouth of the pit of hel , through which the Viking be now tumble higgledy - piggledy , be a round white disc set in the unutterable blackness of the pit . however , as the Viking free - fall slowly towards camera , they be light up by a faint , reddish glow from below . they be stare , wild - eye and scream as they fall . as they fall , Erik manage to smash he axe into the side of the pit. thorfinn grab he leg and hold onto sven 's foot . leif clutches at sven 's belt . sven 's dad hang onto sven 's foot . ivar clutches thorfinn 's foot . Erik clutches ivar 's leg and aud clutches Erik 's . they dangle like this for some second , and look fearfully beneath they . then they can see the infernal region of flame and molten lava ... somehow suggest the face of a huge and sinister creature . no wonder they be scared out of they wit . meanwhile , odin and thor appear at the top of the pit and look down with mild amusement . thor casually point he hammer and a streak of lightning zap Erik 's axe . it instantly glow red hot . Erik scream . suddenly we hear a new sound -- a long , high , sweet note . aud listen ! listen ! the third note ! but it 's no good . Erik have to let go of the red-hot axe . everyone scream as they start to plunge down towards the pit of hel . CUT to : golden dragon harald missionary be blow the horn resounding . harald missionary ( to himself ) I want to go home ... oooh ! suddenly Golden Dragon , the horn resounding and harald missionary shoot up into the air and disappear from sight . CUT back to : the pit of hel the Viking be look down as they fall -- they be still scared but gradually start laugh ... laugh as they fall down and down and down until they fall out of sight . we be leave with a blackness and just the white disc of the mouth of the pit of hel above , until the disc change magically into the moon . there be a series of splashes . the note begin to fade and the camera slowly pan down to reveal the Viking all fall into the duck pond back at ravensfjord . they be laugh and whooping and splash each other . erik I do not believe it ... ha ha ha ! it bring we home ! leif but who blew it ? ivar oh ! who care ? we be home ! thorfinn mum ! dad ! sven we be back ! sven embrace he father and dance he around with joy . all yo hoo ! we be here ! we be ... suddenly the joy drain from they face and they each gape in horror . what be it they see ? we cut to see that out of the hut the woman and child and old man be emerge -- but they be anything but happy . in fact they be all bound and gag . behind they emerge the sinister figure of halfdan the Black , gisli and maybe half a dozen armed man . halfdan and he croney no longer look sleek and self - assure . they be haggard and desperate . they face be streak with dirt and sweat , and they clothes be tear and soile . they have clearly be go through a lean time , since ragnarok end , and have descend on the village for revenge and for whatever plunder they can find . they have a few sackful of booty with they . they herd the woman , child and old man into a pathetic huddle in the middle of the village . halfdan be spitting evil and hatred . halfdan throw down you weapon -- or we shoot the child first . Erik hesitates ... the other look at he . what choice have they ? reluctantly , Erik throw he weapon into the pond . the other follow suit . halfdan watch . his man stand around he in a tight group with they back to each other . halfdan good ... good ... right , now we will just shoot the child anyway ... Erik be paralyze . what can they do ? half halfdan 's man be aim they crossbow at Erik and he comrade , and half be aim at the woman and child . they raise the crossbow to shoot . they finger tighten on the triggers . suddenly there be a scream from above . harald look out below ! everyone look up and , amazingly , out of the sky fall Golden Dragon and land fair and square on top of halfdan and he gang , squashing they flat . harald missionary stagger blearily from the wreckage . grimhild housewife harald ! she rush to harald , while the Viking rush to release they love one . great celebration all round . ivar look ! they all turn and see the sun rise . the villager gasp in wonder . they have never see the sun before . Erik look around and see thorfinn and sven with they arm round each other . aud look up as Erik smile at he and hold she to he . then they all turn and gaze at the spectacle of the sun return to the world . fade out : the end