erin brockovich a true Story by susannah grant February 1 , 1998 ext . southern california suburb , MAIN drag - day palm sway ... the sun wash everything in yellow ... car motor down either side of the landscape median ... the call of mockingbird mingle with the blip blip of car alarm . on the sidewalk , a skateboard CA - lunk down the sidewalk , past the foot traffic of Southern Californians : flip -flops , Doc marten 's , rollerblades , nike ... then , in the middle of this pedestrian normalcy , a pair of impossibly high spike - heeled pump strut out of a shop . so high it hurt to look at they . as the shoe leave frame , we tilt up and see they be leave a 99 - cent store . as the pump turn and head up the street , we see they be connect to a pair of impossibly long , shapely legs . eveready leg -- they just keep go and go . they saunter past two businessmen on a lunch break . the man pause and glance as man tend to when they see a beautiful woman . in fact , everyone this woman pass let they eye rest on she a microsecond longer than usual . - two skateboarders note the stretchy micro - mini skim the top of she thigh . - a mailman spot the big , dark sunglass tuck into a mountain of big , blond hair . - a pre - teen girl glimpsis the plunging neckline of the tight , bright red midriff - baring bustier . it be not until she round the corner at the end of the block that we see she entire figure and appreciate why everyone be so goggle - eye . eye-catch be a understatement . all that folk who say barbie 's proportion be unrealistic have obviously never meet erin brockovich . ext . around the corner - day a side street . no pedestrian , just park car . a parking ticket flap under the wiper of a old Hyundai . erin fuck . even when she talk dirty , there 's a heartland goodness to she voice . like Kansas corn field sway in the breeze . as she grab the ticket from the windshield , she sunglass accidentally clatter to the ground . erin shit . when she pick they up , a fingernail snag on the pavement . erin God damn it . she tend to the nail as she open she car door and get in . wider on the STREET the Hyundai start it up , signal . then , just as it pull slowly out into the street , a jaguar barrel around the corner , accelerate out of the turn , and ram into the side of Erin 's car , send it careening into the median . it smashes into a foot- thick lightpost . and stop . ext . masry &amp ; vititoe - day a boring building on a boring block in the Valley , surround by strip mall . definitely not where the power lawyer work . rosalind ( o.s. ) Morning , Mr. masry . how you do today ? int . masry &amp ; vititoe , reception - day generic . Cottage cheese ceiling , motel art . a sign over the reception desk read : masry &amp ; vititoe , attorney at law . ed masry , senior partner , slump by rosalind , he chipper receptionist , with a cup of coffee in he hand . he 's in he mid - 50' , compact and -- even though it 's only 9 am -- already rumple . ed do not ask that on monday , rosalind . whatever passion he once have for the personal injury law that be he career have long since dissipate . he trundle off toward he office . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , outside ed' office - day Ed 's secretary brenda -- 50' , jade , hate she job , but what can you do ? -- be on the phone when Ed round the corner . she put the call on hold , turn to Ed . brenda tony marvin . ed oh , Jesus . who 's responsible for he pain and suffer this time ? brenda his dry cleaner . you want he ? ed what do you think ? what 's this ? he grab a gift - wrap bottle off she desk , read the card . brenda tequila . from you drug dealer friend . ed carlos be not a friend ; he 's a client . brenda he 's a low -life . speak of which , that 's you nine o'clock in there . Ed peer into he office . it 's a mess -- papers everywhere , unopen mail . stand in the middle of the room be Erin , in a teensy , leopard - print mini-dress . as she jiggle a spike-heel foot , everything about she shimmy gloriously . except she head , which be hold in place by a neck brace . ed whoa. ( to Brenda ) remind I . brenda Erin brockovich . car accident . not she fault , she say . ( sarcastic ) and she look like such a honest girl , do not you think ? ed you should not judge , Brenda . brenda right . lap -dancer be people too . as Ed head into he office , Brenda pick up the phone . brenda I can not find he , tony . we will have to call you back . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - day not a office that exude authority , and Ed 's blustery entrance only add to the sense of chaos . ed Erin -- hi . sorry you have to wait . here , sit down , sit down . he clear a stack of papers off a chair . erin thanks a lot . ( as she sit ) I tell you , I never think just stand would take it out of I , but ever since that shithead hit I , it feel like my whole body 's put together wrong . Ed give she a look of pro-forma sympathy . ed Jesus , you poor thing . ( he sit ) well , listen , you come to the right place . whoever do this to you make one hell of a mistake , and you and I , we be gonna make he pay for it . he take out a pad and paper , get ready to write . ed why do not you tell I what happen ? dissolve to : int . southern california courtroom - day Erin be on the stand , wear the most conservative thing she own : a red , form -fitting mini dress , tell she story to Ed , who 's question she . erin I be pull out real slow , and out of nowhere , he jaguar come racing around the corner like a bat outta hell ... she glance at the defendant 's table , where a doctor sit nobly in surgical scrub . his wife and two beautiful kide be behind he . a frigging norman rockwell painting . later in her testimony : erin they take some bone from my hip and put it in my neck . I do not have insurance , so I be about seventeen thousand in debt right now . still later : erin ... could not take painkiller cause they make I too groggy to take care of my kid . still later : erin ... Matthew 's six , Katie 's four , and Beth 's just nine month . still later : erin ... just wanna be a good mom , a nice person , a decent citizen . just wanna take good care of my kid . you know ? ed ( oh so move ) yeah . I know . int . courtroom - later Erin be still on the stand . but now the doctor 's lawyer be question she . defending lawyer seventeen thousand in debt . whew . be you ex-husband help out ? erin which one ? defending lawyer ( feign shock ) there 's more than one ? erin yeah . there 's two . why ? Erin look over at the jury . the personification of conservative family value . oh , shit . later in her testimony : erin ( get defensive ) ... not like a career , cause I have my baby . but I woulda work , for sure , if I do not have this neck thing . Erin see a juror stare judgmentally at she short hem . Erin give it a tug , pull it down a stitch . defending lawyer ( sarcastic ) right . no doubt . Erin see a few juror share dubious glance . great . still later : the defendant 's lawyer be on the offensive . Erin 's start to feel the case slip away . defending lawyer so . you must have be feel pretty desperate that afternoon . erin ( point ) what 's you point ? Ed shake he head slightly to she -- do not get mad . defending lawyer break , three kid , no job . a doctor in a jaguar must have look like a pretty good meal ticket . Erin see juror nodd almost imperceptibly in agreement . she 's on a sink ship . erin what ? hey -- he hit I . defending lawyer so you say . erin he come tear around the corner , out of control -- defending lawyer a er doctor who spend he day save life be the one out of control -- erin ( erupting ) that asshole smashed in my fuck neck ! int . courthouse hallway - day the door to the courtroom fly open and Erin come out , furious . Ed follow she as she head for the elevator . erin open and shut ? open and fuck shut ? ed if you have not use profanity -- erin oh , please , it be long over by then . God damn , he make I look like some cheap -- ed I tell you the question might get a little personal -- erin bullshit . you tell I I would get half a million dollar . you tell I I would be set . Ed notice she ranting be start to draw attention . ed okay -- let 's try and settle down here . erin settle down ? I get 74 buck to my name , Mr. masry ! I can not afford to settle down ! beat . ed I be sorry , Erin . erin yeah ? well , fuck you . sorry do not feed my kid . Erin turn away from he and head for the stairway . ext . erin be house - day a shitty little house in a shitty part of northbridge . the Hyundai with a bashed - in side pull up to the curb . Erin get out , take the mail from she mailbox , then head over to the equally grim house next door and ring the bell . a Hispanic woman in she 60' open the door , hold a white baby . this be mrs . morale . mrs . morale hi , Erin ! you be back so soon . how be it ? she hand Erin the baby . it 's beth , Erin 's 9 - month old . Erin avoid the question by focus on she baby . erin hi , sweetie . be you a good girl ? where be Matt and Katie ? mrs . morale outside with the sprinkler . so it 's good ? the truth be too depress to share . erin it will be fine , yeah . mrs . morale ai , bueno . because I do not want to tell you before , with you worry -- erin what ? mrs . morale my daughter , she 's buy a big house with a room for I . I be go to move in with she . erin you be move away ? when ? mrs . morale next week . erin ( stunne ) wow , that 's soon -- mrs . morale I know . but it 's good for I . now I can help my daughter take care of my grandkid . and it 's good for you , too . now you have money , you can find a good babysitter , huh ? not the old lady next door . oh , God . in Erin 's arm , Beth start to cough . ext . erin be house - day Erin carry Beth up to she house . as she near she door , she step on a giant water bug . it crunch under she sole . erin ugh . insult add to injury . she head up to the house , drag she shoe , wiping off the bug gut . int . erin' house , MAIN live / dine space - day just as dull inside . salvation Army furniture . a lot of beige . Erin 's two older kid , matthew ( 7 ) and katie ( 5 ) be at the table . Beth be in a baby seat . Erin spoon some Mac &amp ; cheese onto they plate , try to hide she worry . matthew I do not like this part , it 's all crusty . katie I like the crust . Erin switch the plate . erin put you napkin in you lap and eat up . katie how come you be not eat ? Cause there be not enough food . erin mamma 's gonna eat later . from she baby seat on the table , Beth cough some more . thick , sick - sounding cough . Erin look at she . erin do not go get sick on I , baby . okay ? int . erin' bathroom - night the shower and sink be both on full , fill the room with steam . Erin be seat with coughing , crying Beth on she lap , try to steam the illness out of she . erin it 's gonna be okay , sweetheart . I promise . but she face do not look like she believe it . ext . drugstore - day Matt and Katie be mess around with a gumball machine . int . drugstore , aisle - day Erin be hold Beth , wander the aisle . she stop at the medicine , think for a long moment , then , hat herself , glance to make sure no one 's look , and pick up a bottle . int . drugstore , at the register - day as a customer step away from the register , Erin step up with the bottle in she hand and smile at the check - out lady . erin hi , remember I ? I be in yesterday . buy a whole mess of stuff ? round about five ? check -out lady honey , it 's a zoo here at five . I be lucky if I even see a face , much less remember it . erin oh , shoot , yeah , I guess that would be tough . well , listen , I mean to buy my baby here some medicine , and by the time I get home , I realize I would buy the adult stuff by mistake . and now , would not you know , I can not find the receipt . I be wonder -- could I maybe exchange it anyway ... int . erin' house , kitchen - day Erin feed Beth she medicine , feel miserable about it . erin just remember . no matter what you mamma do , lie and steal be real bad . I do not ever wanna hear you do something like that ... on the table beside she sit the classified . row after row of want ad circle , then X - would out in red . a water bug crawl across the edge of the paper . erin ... Cause there 's no excuse for it , you hear I ? no excuse at all . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - day midday . Ed enter with a cup of coffee in he hand . as he head to he desk , he trip on a box of file . coffee sloshes out of he cup , onto he shirt . ed damn it ! ( call out ) Brenda ! she pop she head in . brenda yeah ? he grab a tissue , swab he shirt , then kick at the box . ed what the hell be this do here ? brenda it 's that file you ask for . ed I do not mean for you to leave they in the middle of the floor . Jesus . look at I . what do I have this afternoon ? brenda nothing you can not show up for with a stain . as Ed check he reflection in the glass wall of he office , he notice , on the other side : erin , stand in the middle of the secretary ' area , in a miniskirt and leather bustier , talk to mario , the firm 's mentally challenge office boy . mario head away from she . ed what 's she do here ? brenda who ? Ed go to he office door and wave mario over . ed hey -- mario -- what 's she do here ? mario she work here . Ed look back at she -- what the hell ? int . masry &amp ; vititoe , MAIN room - day the support staff -- mostly middle - age woman -- be all steal glance at Erin . Ed come up to she , all friendly . ed Erin ! how 's it go ? up close , the wear and tear of worry show on she face . erin you never call I back . I leave message . ed you do ? wow , sorry about that . ( beat ) listen , mario 's a little not so bright . he seem to think that you say -- erin there 's two thing I can not stand , Mr. masry . be ignore , and be lie to . you do both . glance skitter between the secretary -- get a load of this . Ed lower he voice . ed I never lie . I may have miscalculate -- that happen sometimes , but -- erin you say thing would be fine , and they be not . ed I be sorry about that . really . but -- erin I do not need pity . I need a paycheck . and I have look , but when you have spend the last six year raise baby , it 's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pay worth a damn . so I figure , since you be the one who say I be gonna be okay , you should be the one to hire I . Ed see everyone watch he , listen . ed I would love to help , Erin , but I be sorry , I have a full staff right now , so -- he start to escort she out , but she stay put . erin bullshit . if you have a full staff , you would have time to return you damn phone call . she 's back he into a corner here . he shift gear . ed okay , look . if you really want to apply for a job here , you can do it the way everyone else do . send in a rÈsumÈ , make a -- erin I be not everyone else , Mr. masry . I be someone you make promise to that you do not deliver on . I trust you . with my kid ' well - be . now , I be smart , and I be hard - work , and I will do anything . but if you think I be leave here without a job , you get another thing come . Ed glance around the room . not a whole lot of option here . he look back at Erin . ed no benefit . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , file room - day a tight office line with file cabinet and shelf . anna , the humorless file clerk , be show Erin around . anna ... what we do in here be keep track of all the case file . that way , at any time , we can find out a case 's status -- where it be in the office , stuff like that . we file them all here , alphabetically -- erin oh , hell . ( beat ) I be dyslexic . anna that 's a joke , right ? Erin shake she head , no . great , think Anna . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , MAIN room - day as Anna show Erin around the office , they pass jane , the bitter office manager , and Brenda , at the coffee area . jane just last week , he tell my sister we be not hire . brenda what 's you sister look like ? int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - night Ed be pack up he office . Erin stick she head in . erin Mr. masry ? he turn , see she . ed yeah ? erin I be wonder -- could you tell I who I would talk to about maybe get a advance on my paycheck ? just -- for the weekend . ed Jane 's the office manager . she handle payroll and petty cash . but she leave early on Fridays . erin oh. okay . that 's okay . Ed look at she a moment , see that it 's far from okay . ed oh , for Christ 's sake ... he take out he wallet , look in . ed all I have be hundred . erin I do not wanna take you money , Mr. masry . ed bullshit , you do not . he slap a hundred in she hand and leave . when he 's go , she look at the bill -- she life raft -- and give it a great big kiss . ext . babysitter' house - night Erin be at the door , take Beth from the babysitter , a shabby , unkempt-look woman in she 40' . Katie and Matt pull on they backpack and troop out of the sitter 's house . ext . supermarket - night Erin be leave the store , carry Beth in one arm and a bag of grocery in the other . Katie and Matt be each carry a bag of grocery as well . they be all sing and move with the jaunty step of the newly carefree . Katie spot a flower display outside the store . katie mommy , can I get a flower ? erin sweetheart , you can get a whole big bunch . int . erin' house , matt and katie' room - night a small room with salvation Army furniture . a bunch of daisies be propped in a ragu jar on Katie 's bedside table . Matt and Katie be asleep in bed . Erin look down at they , smile , then kiss they good-night . int . erin' house , hallway - night Erin come out of the bedroom and softly close the door . but just as the handle click into place , the house be fill with the deafening roar of a motorcycle , revving and revving . it sound as if it 's gonna drive through the wall . ext . erin be house - night Erin step out onto she front stoop and look over at what use to be Mrs. morale 's house . a few motorcycle be park on the lawn ; a few biker be drink beer on the stoop ; and one asshole be on he bike , revving he engine . erin hey ! but of course he can not hear she . she walk over to he , stand right in he line of vision . erin hey ! he see she and kill the engine . everything about GEORGE halaby be tough -- he denim , he leather , he bike , he long hair . everything but he eye , which twinkle like Santa 's . GEORGE well , hello to you , darlin' . erin what the hell do you think you be do , make all that goddamn noise ? GEORGE just introduce myself to the neighbor . erin well , I be the neighbor . there , now we be introduce , so you can shut the fuck up . the guy on the porch chuckle . Erin turn and start back to she house . George hop off he bike and follow she . GEORGE ooh , now , see , if I 'da know there be a beautiful woman next door , I 'da do this different . let 's start over . my name 's George . what 's yours ? erin just think of I as the person next door who like it quiet , and we will get along fine . GEORGE now , do not be like that . tell you what . how about if I take you out on a date to apologize for my rudeness ? Erin shake she head in disbelief and keep walk . GEORGE come on . gimme you number , I will call you up proper and ask you out and everything . she stop at she porch , turn to he . erin you want my number ? GEORGE I do . erin which number do you want , George ? GEORGE you get more than one ? erin shit , yeah . I get number come out of my ear . like , for instance , ten . GEORGE ten ? erin sure . that 's one of my number . it 's how many month old my little girl be . GEORGE you get a little girl ? erin yeah . sexy , huh ? and here 's another : five . that 's how old my other daughter be . Seven be my son 's age . two be how many time I be marry and divorced . you get all this ? 16 be the number of dollar in my bank account . 454-3943 be my phone number . and with all the other number I give you , I be guess zero be the number of time you be gonna call it . she turn and head inside . he call out after she : GEORGE how the hell do you know you bank balance right off the top of you head like that ? see , that impress I . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , reception area - day Morning . Erin walk in , wear she usual garb . she pass the coffee area , where Jane , Brenda , and Anna be milling . Brenda see she , give Anna a nudge . they both check out she short hem . Anna nudge Jane , who look as well . Erin glance over just in time to see all three of they stare at she judgementally . she stop in she track and stare back . erin y'all get something you wanna discuss ? the woman go back to stir they coffee . Erin walk on . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - day Ed be walk into he office with a coffee cup in he hand when he trip over the same box of file again . ed damn it ! ( call out ) Brenda ! ( no answer ) brenda ! int . masry &amp ; vititoe , file room - day Erin be alone , filing as she talk on the phone . erin how long 's she be cry like that ? ... well , she 's get that tooth come in -- Ed appear in the door , carry the box of file . erin give she a cold washcloth to suck on -- ( see Ed ) I gotta go -- there 's a clean one in that bag -- I will check back in a bit . ( hang up ) sorry . my kid -- ed where 's Anna ? erin out to lunch with the girl . ed oh. huh. ( beat ) well , look , I get this file I need value . Real estate thing . a lady have some property next to a pg&amp ; E plant that pg&amp ; E want to buy . I need to know what to ask for it . he plunk the box of file on she desk . she stare at it , with no idea of how to go about that . erin oh. okay . he see she stare at the box . ed you do know how to do that , do not you ? erin yeah . I get it . no problem . ed good . Ed head out , but pause before leave . ed you be a girl . erin Excuse I ? ed how come you be not at lunch with the girl ? you be a girl . erin I guess I be not the right kind . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , file room - night Erin be at she desk , stare bewilder at the file from the box Ed give she , which be now spread across she desktop . she see Anna pack up she thing , to leave . erin Anna ? with this real - estate value stuff - - could you remind I , cause I be a little confuse about how exactly we do that . anna ( exasperate ) Erin , you have be here three week . if you do not know how to do you job by now , I be not about to do it for you . ext . erin be house - night Katie and Matt be run up to the house . Erin follow , tote Beth under one arm and the box of document under the other . she step on another water bug . erin ugh . as she wipe the bug gut off the bottom of she shoe : GEORGE ( o.s. ) hey , neighbor , wanna beer ? she spot George on he stoop , with a six - pack beside he . erin no . GEORGE c'mon . I buy them for you , to make up for that night . erin return them . maybe you will get you money back . he get up and follow she to she house . GEORGE now , why be you give I such a hard time ? I be just try to be a good neighbor . Erin turn to he . the kid be wait at the door . erin I have a good neighbor , George . she be 60 and mexican and she watch my kid for free . something tell I you be not gonna be able to measure up to that . GEORGE you need help with you kid ? I could probably do that . George reach out and grab the box from under she arm . erin I be not gonna leave my kid with you . GEORGE why not ? erin Cause I do not even know you . GEORGE yeah , and whose fault be that ? he 's get a point there . after a beat : GEORGE what , you get so many friend in this world , you do not have use for one more ? int . erin' house , live room - night George be on the floor with Matt and Katie , play War . Katie point to the harley emblem on he leather jacket . katie what 's that stand for ? GEORGE that 's for harley davidson . the best damn motorcycle ever make . Erin come in from the kitchen . erin and if I catch either of you anywhere near one , I will knock you silly . go on to bed , now -- I will come tuck you in in a minute . they get up ... GEORGE night . katie / matt night . ... and head into bed . George start clean up the card . GEORGE great kid . Erin bend down to help he . erin yeah . I be probably ruin they . GEORGE how ? erin I be never here . I gotta leave them with this weird sitter all afternoon who cost a fortune and smell like chicken fat . GEORGE I be serious before , you know . if you need someone to keep a eye on they -- after school or something -- I do not have a job now , so I be around in the afternoon . erin great . another deadbeat . GEORGE I be not a deadbeat . I work when I need to . erin yeah ? and what do you do the rest of the time , live off you trust fund ? GEORGE I do construction , which pay real good . and I make it last by live cheap . erin ( with a little laugh ) I hope that 's not suppose to impress I . GEORGE be you this hard on everyone who try to help you ? erin it 's be a while . maybe I be just out of practice . GEORGE then lemme remind you , the polite thing be to say , thank you , that 's a real nice offer , I do not mind take you up on it . erin why in the hell would you want to watch my kid ? GEORGE Cause I like kid . I like hang out with they . erin right . she start clean up the card . GEORGE I do . I like how they keep it all simple , you know ? they do not get all complicated about life , like grow - up do . a bicycle and a ice cream cone -- boom , do , they be happy . Erin think about the offer . erin you be around every afternoon ? GEORGE yup . usually work on my bike . ( she 's tempt ) no big deal . if it do not work out , you can send them back to the chicken fat lady . tempt . Erin look he over . erin this be not gonna get you laid , you know . GEORGE ( with a laugh ) yeah , we will just see about that , will not we ? int . erin' house , erin' bedroom - night the wee hour . Erin 's in a t-shirt , sit on she mattress on the floor . the paperwork from the box be now spread all over the floor around she . she 's read a letter . close on the letter it 's from pg&amp ; E , to donna and Peter Irving . we see the phrase , " purchase you house ... " , " fair market value ... " close on another document it 's a list of comparable house sale in the area . owner , cost ; owner , cost . every house be in the $ 65,000 range . from another room , she hear the sound of beth crying . still read the file , Erin get up and go into : int . erin' house , beth' bedroom - night still read , Erin get Beth out of she crib . Beth quiet . int . erin' house , erin' bedroom - night Erin lie down on the mattress and rest Beth on she chest . she set down the file she be read and pick up another . close on the file it contain a letter from a Dr. Howard reeves . the first paragraph contain the phrase " ... medical examination of donna and Peter Irving ... " toward the end of the letter , there be two column . one be head : " in range " . the other : " out of range " . under that head appear the follow : " lymphocyte , t-lymphocyte , natural killer cell , T helper , t8 suppresser cell " . Erin stare at it , confuse . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , coffee area - day Erin be talk to Jane , who 's pour herself coffee . erin it be in this real estate file I be value . and -- see , I know they be the medical record from the people sell the house -- but it talk about thing like lymphocyte and t8 suppresser . Erin see Ed pass behind Jane . she lower she voice , so he will not see she ask for help . erin I mean , it 's not a problem or anything , but -- I be just a little unclear on what that thing be . I think maybe you would know . jane what do I look like , Erin ? a library ? and Jane walk away with she coffee . ext . ucla MAIN library - day large . loom . very establishment . through the window , we see Erin at the desk , talk to a librarian . she have the file in she hand . over this : rosalind ( o.s. ) masry &amp ; vititoe , can I help you ? erin ( o.s. ) hi , rosalind , this be Erin . brockovich . from the file room ? I be wonder if you could tell Mr. masry that I be follow up on that real estate thing out of the office . the librarian give she direction to somewhere else . ext . ucla medical library - day smaller , but still establishment . Erin 's Hyundai pull into the parking lot . int . ucla medical library - day Erin be at the reference desk , eat a candy bar while she talk to the librarian . he check something on the computer . a couple of white - coated medical student pass she , double - take . they do not see many like she around here . int . ucla science build , hallway - day a long , academic hallway light by fluorescent . Erin get off a elevator and head down the hall . she find a door with a nameplate that read " Jim paulsen , epidemiology " and knock . the door open and dr . jim paulsen appear . he 's a classic scientist : unruly hair , thick glass . nothing like Erin have ever show up at he door . he reel at the sight of she . erin Dr. paulsen ? paulsen yes ? erin hi , I be Erin brockovich . I be just over in the library there , ask a mess of question about -- I guess they call it epidemiology ? -- and the fella there tell I to find you , cause you know all about it . paulsen ( suspicious ) be this a joke ? do baxter put you up to this ? erin who 's baxter ? paulsen he do , do not he ? baxter ! baxter , another scientist , lean out of a door down the hall . baxter yeah ? baxter and Erin look at each other . no recognition , of course . paulsen be immediately embarrassed . paulsen oh . oh . erin no one put I up to anything . I be just hope I could ask you a couple question . paulsen ( mortify ) of course ! oh , gosh , of course -- int . paulsen' office - day orderly chaos . Dr. paulsen , still recover , have Erin 's file in he hand . Erin be sit across from he . paulsen well , look , there be not a ton of information here , but from what there be , I would say that this two people here -- what be they name ? Shanna and Ashley ? erin right , I guess that be the kid -- paulsen they have both get some immune system problem . can not say what from , whether it 's viral or genetic or what , but something 's wrong . and this guy -- donna and Peter -- erin they parent , I be pretty sure . paulsen well , from what this stuff say , I would say they both have some form of cancer . wow . that 's more serious than Erin be expect . int . erin' house , kitchen - day close on the file on the kitchen counter . the irving ' phone number be write on the front . a phone be ringing . erin ( o.s. ) whoa , whoa ! easy , easy , easy -- widen to see Erin , phone to she ear , grab a carton of juice from Matt and Katie , who be fight over it at the table . just as she take it from they , the phone pick up . donna' voice ( o.s. ) hi ! you have reach the irving . leave a message and we will get back to you just as soon as we can . bye-bye . beep . Erin think a bit , then hang up and look at the file . scrawle on the cover be the irving ' address , in hinkley , California . ext . L.A. freeway - day the beat - up old Hyundai head east out of L.A. DISCO music blare from its speaker . ext . hinkley , CA - day this be a dry , desolate part of California . no downtown , no community . just tract after tract of arid farmland , with small , bland , unprotect ranch home cropping up out of the landscape like occasional tombstone . a beat - up old sign on the road read : " hinkley , CA . pop : " but the corner where the number would be have break off . as a gust of wind lift dust from the field , Erin turn onto Community boulevard , the main road that cut through hinkley . int . erin' hyundai - day Erin look around . the house she 's pass have be raze . a heap of lumber and wire in the middle of the property . as she check the piece of paper with donna 's address , she drive by the pg&amp ;e compressor station , a massive gray structure of pipe , chimney and ladder , set way back from the road . Erin pass it without notice it . she stop at a intersection . the house on the corner have be board up with plywood . Erin notice it -- depress -- then turn the corner onto donna 's street . ext . donna irving be house - day a generic ranch home stand all alone in the middle of nothing . there 's a pool out back and a chain link fence hugging the property . no landscape . dull , but clean . a few bottle of spring water wait by the door . the Hyundai pull into the driveway and stop . Erin get out . as she head up to the door , she spike heel sink into the dirt . she ring the bell . it have a melody chime . donna irving open the door . she 's 35 , petite , with a scrappy , high -strung manner . she 's wear tight jeans , and she dark curl be pile on top of she head . erin hi. donna Irving ? donna yes ? erin I be Erin brockovich , from masry &amp ; vititoe ? donna ( a little surprised ) you be a lawyer ? erin Hell , no . I hate lawyer . I just work for they . you get a minute ? int . the irving ' house , live room - day the house be furnish with little money , but lot of care . Erin 's on a plaid couch , in a sea of needlepoint pillow . out back , two girl , age 9 and 11 , be play in a pool . erin this be a real nice place you get here . donna ( o.s. ) well it oughta be , with all the work I put into it . she come out from the kitchen with a tray of iced tea . donna I add air conditioning , put in the pool , make all that pillow by hand ... erin yeah ? I should learn to do stuff like that . they make the place feel real homey . donna correct the positioning on a couple of pillow . donna thank you . I think so too . that 's why I be be such a stickler on this house price thing . I do not mean to be a pain in pg&amp ; E 's backside , especially after all they have do for hinkley , but I look around here and I think , if they want this place , they be gonna have to pay for it . and I do not just mean pay for the house ; I would like they to pay I for the trouble of start over . erin right . donna Cause first you gotta move , then there 's decorate , and if the window be not the same size , you know -- you be make all new curtain . honest to God , I do not know if I have the energy . you know , I have be sick . I and Peter both have . erin yeah , I be real glad you bring that up . I be go through you file here , and I run into this medical record . they kinda surprised I -- this would be the perfect opportunity for many to get self - pity . but not donna . life 's hand she a shitload of lemon , and darn if she have not make a shitload of lemonade . donna I know . they be more than a bit unusual . see , two year ago , Pete get hodgkin 's disease . that 's a kind of cancer -- erin yeah , I be real sorry to hear that . donna thank you . it 's in remission now , thank the Lord , but you never know . and then while that 's go on , I end up have to have a hysterectomy . plus a whole mess of lump remove from my breast . all benign so far , but still , no matter how positive you stay , a operation can still take it out of you . erin I will say . Holy moley . donna so the whole idea of sell the house -- do not get I wrong , I would be glad to move to some better place , but if they be not gonna pay we properly , I just do not see the point . erin yeah , I can see that . ( beat ) I guess the only thing that confuse I be - - not that you medical problem be not important , but -- how come the file about they be in with all the real estate stuff ? donna top off they iced teas . donna be you kid ? with how we life be , if I start subdivide file , I will be sink . I just keep all pg&amp ; E correspondence in one place . erin right , but -- I be sorry , I do not see why you be corresponding with pg&amp ; E about it in the first place . donna well , they pay for the doctor 's visit . erin they do ? donna you bet . paid for a check - up for the whole family . and not like with insurance where you pay , then wait a year to be reimburse , either . they just take care of it . just like that . we never even see a bill . erin wow . why would they do that ? donna Cause of the chromium . erin the what ? donna the chromium . well , that 's what kick this whole thing off . int . irving house , garage - day close on a BOX , with " chrom info " scrawle on it . donna ( o.s. ) pg&amp ; E come around a few year ago , tell we they put chromium in we well by mistake . and since we should not have to drink it if we do not want to , they give we free spring water and offer to buy we house . widen to see donna pull the box down into the room . erin what 's chromium ? donna it 's a chemical they use over at that compressor station up the road there . erin well , hell , maybe that 's why you all have be so sick -- donna I think the same thing , right off the bat . that 's why we go to see the doctor . but hunh - uh . turn out one 's get nothing to do with the other . she rifle through the box . donna this be the info they give we . you will see if you look through it , chromium 's good for you . when I see what they charge for it at the health - food store , I about faint . she hand Erin a print fact sheet . Erin scan it . erin seem like a awful big coincidence -- you water be mess with and you be so sick . donna not around here . this be a rough part of the world . hard time , not a lot of money , not a lot of luck . ( beat ) it 's a challenge , stay healthy in a town like this . heck , even we dog up and die . int . erin be car - night Erin 's drive away from donna 's house . a street lamp throw light on the box of chromium document in the passenger seat . she get to a intersection and look across the street at the massive compressor station . six storey high , light up like a Christmas tree , with all size of pipe criss -crossing the outside and giant cooling tower stick up out of it . Far more massive than anything else in town , it loom over the horizon like the Capitol in D.C. or St. Peter 's in Rome . Erin take a long look at the compressor station , then turn onto Community boulevard and drive away . int . erin' house , kitchen - day Erin be hold Beth , make she a bottle , when she hear noise come from outside . she follow they . ext . erin be house - day Erin open the door to find George attach bar to she window . erin what be you do ? GEORGE better safe than sorry . she shake she head , amused by he persistence . erin you want some coffee , George ? int . erin' house , kitchen - night George follow Erin in . GEORGE I be gonna put a dead bolt on you front door , too . this be not exactly the safest neighborhood in the world , you know . erin thanks for remind I . GEORGE I guess we get what we pay for , huh ? Erin pour he some coffee , hand it to he . erin you think it could make you sick , live in a place like this ? GEORGE what do you mean ? George settles in , help himself to sugar . erin I be talk to this lady -- she and she husband both get cancer , and she think it 's cause they live in a bad neighborhood . you think that 's possible ? that live in a bad neighborhood could give you cancer ? George laugh a little at the think . GEORGE man , I hope not . you get enough damn problem . but Erin 's still mull it over . ext . northridge , erin be block - day Erin clip down the block in short - short and high-heele boot . up ahead a few of down-on -their -luck men be out on a stoop , drink they breakfast . Erin approach they . erin hi , y'all -- how you do today ? man 1 hangin ' in , baby . how about yourself ? erin I be okay , I be just fine . I be wonder -- could I maybe ask you a couple question ? she settles down on the stoop with they for a chat . int . paulsen' office - day Dr. paulsen and Erin be sit , talk . he 's thrilled to have she back in he office . erin ... and when I realize we area 's just as bad as hinkley , I think maybe my neighbor be all sick too . so I go and ask . paulsen ( surprised ) you do ? Erin dig a pad of paper out of she bag . erin uh-huh . spend the last few day knock on door . and you know what ? they be not. ( read from the pad ) I mean , they get problem , but none of this cancer stuff . and they pet be fine . so I do not know -- I just can not shake the feel that it be not no multivitamin they put in the water . paulsen well , if you be talk about contamination , you be get out of my area of expertise . let I give you the name of a toxicologist friend of mine over at usc . paulsen reach for a notepad , scrawl on it . int . ucla medical build , hallway - day paulsen be see Erin out of he office . paulsen I gotta say , Erin -- first time I see you , I do not peg you as the kind to go off and conduct she own epidemiological study . erin do not go tell anyone . it will ruin my reputation . ext . usc campus - day Erin tower over david frankel as she walk across campus with he . he 's the grittier variety of scientist : patagonia , birkenstock , bushy beard . he 's as dry as dust , and as much as Dr. paulsen respond to Erin , frankel barely notice she . frankel what kind of chromium be it ? erin there 's more than one kind ? frankel yes . there 's straight - up chromium -- do all kind of good thing for the body . there 's chrom 3 , which be fairly benign , and then there 's chrom 6 , hexavalent chromium , which , depend on the amount , can be very harmful . erin harmful , like -- how ? what would you get ? frankel with repeat exposure to toxic level -- God , anything , really -- respiratory disease , liver failure , heart failure , reproductive failure , chronic headache , bone or organ deterioration -- plus , of course , any type of cancer . he rattles it off coolly . just fact . Erin 's stunne . erin so that stuff -- it kill people . frankel oh , yeah . definitely . highly toxic , highly carcinogenic . bad , bad stuff . erin well , how do I find out what kind of chromium be up in hinkley ? frankel have you be to the water board ? erin hunh -uh . what 's that ? frankel every county have one . they keep record of anything water - related within they jurisdiction . you should be able to find something there . erin County water board . all righty , thanks . frankel good luck . ( beat ) oh -- I would not advertise what you be look for if I be you ... his line continue over : ext . lahotan regional water board - day Erin 's Hyundai pull up and stop in a cloud of dust . frankel ( o.s. ) ... incriminate record have a way of disappear when people smell trouble . Erin hop out , check she reflection in the side- view mirror , then head into the building . int . lahotan regional county water board - day drab , government - issue . ross , the bored desk clerk be thumbing he way through road &amp ; track . just as he stop to stare at a motor oil ad in which a buxom blonde be straddle the hood of a car , the huge door open and Erin enter . erin whew ! goddamn , that 's a heavy door . Ross look up . it 's like the girl from the ad walk right off the page . he jump up , to help she with the door . ross oh , hey -- lemme give you a hand there . erin thank you very much . be not you a gentleman ? Mr. ... ross Ross . erin Ross . Real pleased to meet you . I be Erin . she smile . he can not believe he luck . ross Erin . cool . what can I do for you , Erin ? erin well , believe it or not , I be on the prowl for some water record . ross ( with a laugh ) you come to the right place . erin ( laugh along ) I guess I do . ross you just tell I what you want to look at and I will be glad to dig them out for you . erin I wish I know . it 's for my boss . he 's fight he water bill , and he want I to find all manner of bill from all kind of place . the easiest thing would probably be if I just squeeze back there with you and poke around myself . would that be okay ? ross heck , yeah . come on back . just gonna need you to sign in here -- he hand she a pen . he read over she shoulder as she sign she name -- Erin pattee brockovich . ross pattee ? that you middle name ? erin nope. maiden . ross ( disappointed ) you be marry . erin not anymore . she smile and wink at he , then go around the counter with he and look at the stack and stack of file . erin well . here go nothing . she head down a aisle , read the spine of the file . they be all town name -- barstow , victorville , oro Grande , helendale -- in no particular order . finally , Erin spot one that say hinkley . she pull it down . in the file be page and page of xerox memoranda , letter , chart , graph , handwritten note . all shove in willy - nilly . int . erin' house , MAIN room - day George be watch a football game on tv . he 's just put tv dinner on the floor in front of the Matt and Katie . matt we mom give we sandwich on Fridays . GEORGE that 's a sandwich . katie no , it 's not ! GEORGE sure it be . here , I will show you . he pick up Matt 's chicken , tear it in two ... GEORGE most people think a sandwich 's gotta have bread on the outside . not true . Chicken be a perfectly good outside for a sandwich . ... then place the broccoli neatly between the halve . GEORGE see ? Katie and Matthew look at it , then up at George , and smile . this guy just might be all right , after all . ext . water board - night it 's get dark . Erin 's Hyundai 's still there . int . water board - night Erin be on the floor , she leg stretch out in front of she . she have a bunch of file open and spread across the floor . the one in she hand have catch she attention . insert on the paper it 's a memo title " clean - up and abatement order " from the water board to pg&amp ; E . Erin be concentrate hard on it , read laboriously to herself . erin ( o.s. ) " ... on December 7 , 1987 , the discharger notify the regional board and the San bernardino County Environmental Health service of the discovery of 0.58 ppm of hexavalent chromium in a on-site ground water monitoring well ... " ( beat ) ... hexavalent ... int . masry &amp ; vititoe , reception - day close on a xerox of the abatement order . widen to see it be on top of a stack of papers that Erin be carry as she enter the office . she have a efficient air about she -- a sense of purpose . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , file room - day Erin swoops in , ready to work , only to find she desk clear off . she turn to Anna , who 's already hard at work . erin where 's my stuff ? Anna look up . anna where have you be ? erin what the fuck do you do with my stuff ? anna do not use language with I -- but Erin 's out the door before Anna can finish she sentence . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , jane's office - day jane be at she desk . Erin barrel in . erin someone steal my stuff . jane Nice to see you , Erin . we have miss you . erin I have photo of my kid , plus a mug -- Jane reach under she desk for a box , look through it . jane -- toothbrush , toothpaste , and a pair of hose . here . erin what 's go on ? jane there may be job where you can disappear for day at a time , but this be not one of they . here , if you do not do the work , you do not get to stay . she hand she the box . Erin do not take it . erin I have be work . shit , that 's all I have be do . ask Mr. masry . he know . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - day Ed 's at he desk , dial the phone when Erin barrel in . erin you say to fire I ? he set down the receiver . ed Erin , you have be go for a week . erin I leave a message . I have be deal with that real estate thing . I be gonna write up a whole damn report and -- ed that 's not how we work here . you do not just leave a message and take off . Jane follow she in , still carry the box of stuff . erin what be I suppose to do , check in every two second ? jane yes . it 's call accountability . erin I be not talk to you , bitch . jane Excuse I ? ed okay , enough -- ( beat ) now , look , Erin -- this incident aside , I do not think this be the right place for you . so what I be gonna do be make a few call on you behalf . find you something else , okay ? erin do not bother . she turn to Jane , take she box , and head out . ed come on , I be try to help here . erin bullshit . you be try to feel less guilty about fire someone with three kid to feed . fuck if I will help you do that . and she leave . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , outside ed' office - day as Erin head for the door , pleased glance fly from secretary to secretary . Erin reach the door , but can not open it with the box in she arm . she turn to the room . erin I do not suppose any one of you cunt could open the fuck door for I . ext . erin be house - day Erin 's Hyundai rumble to a stop in front of the house . Erin shove open the creaky , reluctant door , lift she box of stuff off the seat , and get out . as she walk around the car and toward the house , she run into the mailman . he hand she a packet of mail . mailman here ya go , miz brockovich . Erin look at the top of the stack . it 's the electric bill . int . erin' house , MAIN room - day Erin enter , put down the box and stare at the mail . bill , bill , and more bill . as she throw they on the table , she see George come out of the kitchen . erin what be you do here ? GEORGE fix a leak under you sink . she head into the kitchen , weary and irritate . erin I do not ask you to do that . damn it , George , I do not ask you to do thing like that . int . erin' house , kitchen - day Erin enter , see all the clean stuff from under the sink be spread around the kitchen floor . a tool box lie open . erin great . GEORGE I be gonna clean it up . Erin get down on she knee and start put thing away . GEORGE relax , Erin , I will do it -- I be not -- before he can finish , a huge water bug run onto Erin 's hand . erin ugh -- Jesus -- she jump and brushes it off . GEORGE yeah -- you have a whole family of that thing hang out back there . she take off she shoe and smack at the bug , miss it . erin damn it -- the bug skitter away from she , along the floorboard . Erin chase it , smack at it repeatedly , miss it every time . GEORGE do not worry about it , I will get it later . but Erin keep after it , corral all she frustration into kill that one bug . erin come here , you little motherfucker -- the bug crawl up onto the table , zipping behind the salt , the pepper , the napkin holder . Erin keep after it , banging the table harder and harder with each smack of she shoe . GEORGE hey , whoa -- relax -- the salt and pepper skid off the table . the napkin fly from they holder . just as Erin 's about to nail the bug , it slip into a crack in the wall and disappear . Erin hurl she shoe at the crack . it smashes into the wall . erin GOD damn it ! as Erin stand there stare at the wall , she breath start to come heavily -- that deep breath that precede tear . she slowly slide down into a chair , defeat overcome she . erin ( almost a whisper ) ... God damn it . she look around at she for-shit kitchen and start to cry . erin what kind of person life like this ? huh ? what kind of person let she kid run around in a house crawl with bug the size of housecat ? GEORGE it 's a simple thing . everybody get they . all we gotta do be call a exterminator . erin I can not call a exterminator . I can not afford one . God , I can not even afford my phone . ( beat ) I get fire . GEORGE what ? but you be work so hard -- erin do not matter . do not make one bit of difference . ( then , fragile ) oh God , George , how would this happen to I ? how would I end up so ... so nothing ? George pick a napkin up off the floor , hand it to she . GEORGE you be not nothing , Erin . erin well , I be sure as hell not what I think I be gonna be . I be suppose to have one of that great life , with everything all laid - out and perfect . I mean , hell -- I be miss wichita , for God 's sake . do I tell you that ? you live next door to a real live beauty queen . ( wipe she nose ) I still get the tiara . I keep it cause I think it mean something . I think it mean I be gonna do something great with my life . I think it prove I be gonna grow up to be someone . GEORGE you be someone . erin no I be not . look at I . I be not . GEORGE you be someone to I . ( beat ) you be someone real special to I . he take a step toward she and kneel in front of she , very close . he take she shoe from she hand and put it back on she foot . then he take she hand in he and kiss they . erin I be no good , George . I make people miserable . but he kiss she anyway . and for the first time in so long , she feel like something other than a failure . he pull she into he , and she let herself be pull . int . erin' house , erin' bedroom - day Erin and George be in bed , naked , curl around each other . GEORGE man . even you earlobe be beautiful . he kiss one . erin do not be too nice to I , okay ? it make I nervous . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - day Ed be at he desk . the phone ring . and ring . and ring . ed Brenda ! ( no answer ) brenda ! nothing . Ed growl in frustration , then get the phone . ed yeah , Ed masry here ... she do not work here anymore . who 's this ? int . erin' house , kitchen - day close on the table , where Beth be bob in she baby chair . on one side of she be a heap of bill with " past due " and " please remit " stamp on they . on the other , the well - thumbed classified section , with circle and X 's all over it . the doorbell ring . Erin swoops in and pick up Beth . erin come on , baby . maybe that 's Ed McMahon . int . erin' house , front door - day Erin carry Beth over to the front door , spy through the peephole , and see Ed stand there . she open the door . erin what be you do here ? ed I get a interesting call this afternoon . it be from a Dr. frankel . erin oh , yeah ? ed he want you to know the legal limit for hexavalent chromium , be .05 part per million . and that at the rate you mention , .58 , it could be responsible for the cancer in that family you ask about . the irving . erin well , that be nice of he . be not it funny how some people go out of they way to help people and other just give them the ax ? ed look , I be sorry . you be go . I just assume you be off have fun . erin now , why in the hell would you assume that ? ed I do not know . maybe cause you look like someone who have a lot of fun . erin Boy , be you ever a shitty judge of people . Ed take a beat , copping to the charge . ed so what 's the story on this thing ? this cancer stuff ? erin you wanna know , you gotta hire I back . I get a lot of bill to pay . he glare at she . realize he have no choice . ed Fine . int . erin' house , live room - later Erin have let Ed in . they be sit . ed but , pg&amp ; E tell she about the chromium ? erin they tell she something , but it can not have be too specific , cause I talk to she , and she sure do not think she water be bad . ed so what make you think it be ? erin it do not take a genius to look at that medical record and think something 's wrong . ed what medical record ? erin the one in the box of file . ( off Ed 's blank look ) the box of file ? the one from you office ? ed I do not see any medical record in there . erin Boy , you musta really fine- tooth - comb it then , huh ? ( to herself ) and you fire I . Jesus . Ed think for a moment . ed that document you find , the one that say it be the bad chromium -- you do not happen to make a copy do you ? erin course I do . ed lemme see it , will you ? before get it for he , she look at he , weigh she odd . erin I want a raise . and benefit . include dental . ed look , Erin , this be not the way I do business , this extortion nonsense . Erin do not budge . ed okay . a 5 % raise , and -- erin ten. ( off he look ) there 's a lot of other place I could work . ed a ten percent raise and benefit . but that 's it . I be draw the line . she go to she box of stuff from the office and dig out the document for he . he scan it . ed this be the only thing you find ? erin so far . but that place be a pig sty . I would not be surprised if there 's more . ed find out . ext . 10 freeway - day Erin 's Hyundai zip along the freeway . " funky town " be blaring from the tinny stereo . over it : matthew ( o.s. ) I hate this music . int . hyundai - day Erin 's drive . Matthew 's in the front seat . Katie and Beth ( in a car seat ) be in the back . erin there 's no way a son of mine hate funky town . it 's impossible . matthew well I hate it . katie I hate it too . I hate this trip . erin oh , come on , where 's you sense of adventure ? we be go someplace you never be before . katie I be gonna hate it . matthew I too . she glance at they , frown a little . erin you know what I be realize for the first time ? you kid be a couple of downer . I mean , you be the real thing -- a couple of honest - to - God depresso-type . ( small smile ) who in the heck raise you , anyway ? some kind of moron ? Katie smile a little . she like this side of she mom . katie yeah . a real moron . erin some kind of half - wit , no -good , big -haire , bimbo , I bet . matthew ( also smile ) yeah . erin thank God we get you away from she , huh ? by now they be all smile . funky town play on . ext . pg&amp ;e compressor station - day the Hyundai be park at the entrance to the station , by a row of dead tree . Erin be stand beside a sign that say " private property . no trespass " , take picture of the massive structure in the distance . Matthew , Katie , and Beth be draw in the dirt with stick . erin stay out of the road . I will be right back . she wander up the drive , onto pg&amp ; E property , move around the plant , take picture of it from every possible angle . as she wander over a big , flat , dry field to the side of the plant , she glance over she shoulder to check on she kid and notice the trail she make in the dirt have a greenish hue . she look at the dirt right she foot . kick the ground . below the surface , the dirt turn from brown to green . Erin note this , then look back at she kid play in the dirt . worry come over she face . she head back to they . ext . hinkley mart - day the kid be wait at the car . Erin come out of the store with a bottle of water and use it to rinse off they hand . ext . water board - day the sound of a baby crying . the Hyundai 's park in front . matthew ( o.s. ) I be hungry . int . water board - day Erin be at the xerox machine , copying a file while she try to calm Beth . there 's a stack of file on the nearby table . Matthew and Katie be flopping around on the floor . erin we will go eat in a minute . settle down . whine , fussing . Ross go over to she . ross you know what , Erin ? I get nothing but time here . why do not you let I do that for you , and you can get you kid some dinner . erin Ross -- you be a absolute angel . she hand Ross the stack of document . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , brenda's desk - day Ed come in in the morning , and without pause , hand Brenda a copy of the stack of document , with a Post - it on the top . ed fax this to this number , okay ? brenda all of them ? ed all of they . he continue into he office and close the door . close on the fax machine LED Brenda type in the number . the recipient 's i.d. come up on the LED : pg&amp ;e claim dept . int . irving house , live room - day another copy of that document , now in donna 's hand . she 's on she couch with Erin , read they . outside , donna 's two daughter be play in the pool . she read the last page and look up at Erin , bewilder . donna a on-site monitoring well ? that mean -- erin it be right up on the pg&amp ; E property over there . donna and you say this stuff , this hexavalent chromium -- it 's poisonous ? erin yeah . donna well -- then it 's gotta be a different than what 's in we water , cause ours be okay . the guy from pg&amp ; E tell I . they sit right in the kitchen and say it be fine . erin I know . but the toxicologist I be talk to ? he give I a list of problem that can come from hexavalent chromium exposure . and everything you all have be on that list . donna resist this idea hard . donna no. hunh -uh , see , that 's not what the doctor say . he say one 's get absolutely nothing to do with the other . erin right , but -- do not you say he be pay by pg&amp ; E ? donna sit quietly , try to make sense of this . the only sound be the laughing and splashing from the pool out back . then , gradually , donna realize what it be she 's hearing -- she kid play in toxic water . she jump up ... donna ashley ! shanna ! ... and run out to the pool . Erin follow she . ext . donna' house - day from the door , Erin watch donna run to the edge of the pool in a frantic response to this news . donna out of the pool ! both of you , out of the pool , right now ! shanna how come ? donna cause I say so , that be why , now get out ! out ! now !!! Erin watch compassionately as donna flail to get she kid out of the contaminate water . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - day it 's morning . Ed be check the lie of he tie in he reflection in the window . Erin be on he couch , high - heele leg stretch out in front of she . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , brenda's desk - continuous Jane be deliver paycheck . when Brenda get to she desk , Jane tip she head toward Ed 's office , as if to say , check it out . Brenda peer in and see Erin . brenda what 's she do here ? jane he hire she back . with a raise . brenda what ?? why ? jane well , let 's see . it 's not cause she 's smart , and it 's not cause she 's professional . that leave ... Brenda 's stunne . take a beat . make assumption . brenda and dumb old I think work hard and be loyal be the way to get ahead . int . ed' office - continuous Ed be still check he reflection . ed I be tell you , the minute Brenda send the fax -- I be talk the second she press that send button -- pg&amp ; E claim department be on the phone to I , schedule a meeting . erin so you think we get them scared ? ed it sure as hell sound like they be sit up and take notice . Brenda pop she head in , ignore Erin . brenda David baum from pg&amp ; E be at reception . Erin feel the chill Brenda 's send she way . erin Nice to see you again , too , Brenda . Brenda leave without acknowledge Erin . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , MAIN room - day Ed and Erin come out and see david baum wait at reception . forget law school , this kid look like he 's just out of twelfth grade . not a hair on he chin . his suit and shoe look brand new . erin not to question you judgment or anything , Mr. masry , but -- that do not exactly look like sit up and take notice to I . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , conference room - day Ed and Erin be seat across the table from baum . to say this kid lack authority be a gross understatement . he do not talk ; he squeak . baum ... in the interest of put this whole thing to rest , pg&amp ; E be willing to offer the irving 250,000 dollar for they home . Ed laugh a little in disbelief . ed 250,000 ? baum in term of land value out in hinkley , Mr. masry , we feel it 's a more than fair price . ed what about in term of medical expense ? 250,000 do not come close to what this family 's gonna have to spend on doctor . baum I understand they have have a bad run of luck , health - wise , and they have my sympathy . but that 's not pg&amp ; E 's fault . ed you be kid , right ? ( baum do not answer ) look at this reading for Christ 's sake . pg&amp ; E 's own technician document toxic level of hexavalent chromium in that test well , on numerous occasion . Ed shove they across the table . baum do not look at they . ed everything the irving have have be a prove reaction to exposure to hexavalent chromium . they have have ... he stall a moment . Erin jump in . erin -- breast cyst , uterine cancer , hodgkin 's disease , immune deficiency , asthma , chronic nosebleed . despite they persuasiveness , baum parrot what be obviously the party line : baum a million thing could have cause that problem . poor diet , bad gene , irresponsible lifestyle . we offer be final and more than fair . ed wait a minute -- I think we be negotiate here . baum 250,000 be all I be authorize to offer . Ed look across at this pissant little kid . ed ( to himself ) Jesus Christ . ( he stand , to leave ) I will present you offer to my client . I doubt they will accept it . as Ed start out : baum Mr. masry , before you go off on some crusade , you might want to remember who it be you be deal with here . pg&amp ; E be a 28 - billion dollar corporation . ed ( contain he anger ) thanks . I will keep it in mind . and Ed leave the conference room . Erin follow he out . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , MAIN room - day Erin follow Ed as he stomp back to he office . erin at least they make a offer . ed that be not a offer . a million would have be a offer . when they send the God damn mail clerk down to jerk I off , waste my time , it 's a fuck you . erin I do not get why they would do that . ed because they can . you hear that kid -- they have 28 billion dollar at they disposal . they can afford to waste all the time in the world . erin and you can not ? ed what , you think I be make of money ? behind they , baum step out of the conference room . baum hey , you know where I can get a cab ? my plane leave burbank in forty - five minute . Ed turn and look at he . he get a tiny smile . ed tell you what , why do not you go on over to reception , tell they I say mario should take you to the airport . baum hey , excellent . thanks . baum head out to the reception area . erin Mr. masry , mario get lose go to the bathroom . they will be drive around the valley for hour . ed ( gleeful ) yeah . be not that a shame ? she watch he go into he office , impressed . Big smile . erin well I will be God damned . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , outside ed' office - night end of the day . most everyone have leave . Erin be at she new work space near Ed 's office . she 's poring over a fat file of document . rosalind wander by with she coat on . rosalind you have be read for hour . erin I be a slow reader , on account of the fact that I look at the word " dog " and see " god " . rosalind hey , just so long as you see him . rosalind turn on Erin 's desk lamp and head out . outside the big glass office door , rosalind stop to talk to a lose - look couple in there mid - 30' . this be mandy and tom brown . he 's a security guard uniform , with a envelope under he arm . rosalind point to Erin . the Browns enter the office and approach she . mandy Excuse I , be you Erin brockovich ? erin yeah . who be you ? tom I be Tom Brown . this be my wife Mandy . we use to live across the street from the irving . pg&amp ; E buy we house last year . int . erin be desk - later close on photo of chicken , each with a twisted , limp neck . tom it 's call wry neck . it 's when they be bear without any muscle in the neck . widen to see Erin look at they with Tom and Mandy . erin wow . how many be bear like this ? tom twelve , maybe thirteen . mandy when donna tell we about you , and what you tell she about the chromium , we figure that might have something to do with this , too . erin it sure could , yeah . thanks a lot . she tuck they into a file , as if that 's it . mandy there 's something else , too . erin what ? tom well . Mandy here 's have nine miscarriage . erin be you kid ? my God -- mandy I know . it 's a awful lot . erin I be surprised donna do not say anything . tom she do not know . no one do . it 's not something you want to talk about , you know ? mandy I figure it musta be something I do , like when I smoke marijuana , maybe . or take birth control pill . but then donna tell I you think this chromium might be to blame for she problem , so I figure ... int . erin' house , matt and katie' room - night Matt and Katie be in bed , with the light off . Erin come in , quietly , in clothes from work . erin hey . you guy still awake ? close on matt and katie . they be awake and piss . erin come on , now . no fake . George tell I he just shut out the light a few second ago . they still do not answer . she come in and sit on a bed . erin look , I know you be mad . but the way this job be , thing come up at the last minute , real important thing , and I gotta deal with they . now I do not like I miss dinner any more than you do , but we be all gonna have to get use to it , cause the fact be , it 's gonna happen sometimes . katie it happen all the time . erin that 's not true ; we have dinner together just last night . matt you be read the whole time . he 's get a point there . Erin feel like shit . erin I be sorry , pumpkin . I will try a whole lot harder to be around , okay ? I promise . int . erin' house , bedroom - night the room be dark . Erin enter and flop down onto the bed , exhaust . George be lie on the bed next to she . GEORGE if it 's any consolation , I love you . ext . route 10 , inland empire - day dry , flat California . Ed 's big old mercede be toodling down the freeway , at a overly safe , almost - geriatric speed . int . ed' mercede - day Frank Sinatra be play on the stereo . Ed be sway in time . this be he kind of music . he smile , look at Erin . ed it 's Sinatra 's world , we just live in it . whatever . Erin glance at the speedometer . oy . so slow . his car phone ring . he pick it up . ed hello ? ... ( he voice soften ) hi , baby . baby 's fine . yes , I do . I do , too , you just do not feel it . he start swerving across the lane marker . thwack thwack thwack . Ed do not notice . Erin 's get nervous . ed you think I could leave without kissing my baby ? okay , here you go . he kiss into the phone . swerves . a car barely miss they . Erin 's eye widen . not fun at all . ed bye-bye ... bye - bye ... no , you . okay , together . bye-bye . he finally hang up , smile to himself . Erin clear she throat . erin um -- you mind pull over ? just -- for a second ? ext . freeway - day the mercede pull to a stop on the shoulder . Erin get out , walk around to the driver 's side . open the door . erin first of all , do not talk baby talk to you wife in front of I . it really undermine you authority . and second , I know you be my boss and all , but you be the worst fuck driver I have ever see . move over or I quit . he move over . she get in , turn off the Sinatra . they pull back out onto the freeway in silence . ext . mandy brown' house - night the mercede and a truck be park out front . pete ( o.s. ) there 's something about this whole thing I do not quite understand , Mr. masry . int . donna irving be house , live room - night donna and Pete Irving , and Mandy and Roy Brown be all seat , sip iced tea . while they talk , Erin hand they all information packet on chromium . Ed be stand in front of they , a little stiff . pete if pg&amp ; E mess with we water , why would they bother say anything about it to we ? why not just keep quiet about it ? ed to establish a statute of limitation . see , in a case like this , you only have a year from the time you first learn about the problem to file suit . so pg&amp ; E figure , we will let the cat out of the bag -- tell the people the water 's not perfect ; if we can ride out the year with no one suing , we will be in the clear forever . donna but it be more than a year ago that they tell we -- ed it 's okay . we be not suing . all we be do be use this information to get you a real nice purchase price on you house , and get you two -- ( to the Browns ) -- a comparable retroactive bonus add to you sale price . this way , and pg&amp ; E can still look good to they shareholder , cause they be not involved in a ugly lawsuit ; all they be do be buy a little property . Roy look up from he retainer agreement . roy it do not say here how much this whole thing 's gonna cost we . ed my fee 's forty percent of whatever you get award . Erin watch they look around at each other , stunne by the figure . erin Boy , do I know how you feel . first time I hear that number , I say you get to be kid I . forty God damn percent ? ed Erin -- erin I be the one who 's injure , and this joker who sit at a desk all day be gonna walk away with almost half my reward ? ed Erin -- Erin 's enjoy Ed 's discomfort almost too much to stop . but just almost . she shift gear . erin then I ask he how much he make if I do not get anything . they look at ed. well ? ed then I do not get anything either . erin and I realize , he 's take a chance too . when they hear this , and realize he 's in it with they , they all reach for they pen and sign . they hand the agreement over to Erin , who take they across the room to Ed . he stuff they in he briefcase and close it up . that 's that . ed all right , then . let 's hit the road . Boy . cold as ice . Erin stare at he , stunne by he brusque manner , then lean in to he , close . erin ( whisper ) Mr. masry , if you do not mind my say , you get a lot to learn about be friendly . this people just hire you as they lawyer . the least you could do be make a little pleasant conversation . she give he a stern look , then turn toward the woman . erin donna , let I help you clean all this up . she pick up a tray of iced tea and cookie and head to the kitchen . donna and Mandy follow , leave Ed alone with Pete and Roy . he stand there , awkwardly . then , finally : ed so , what 's , uh ... what 's new ? int . donna' kitchen - day Erin and donna be put away the clean glass . Mandy be scan the chromium pamphlet Erin give she . mandy you know that thing it say in here about rash ? erin uh-huh ? mandy well , this old neighbor of mine , Bob linwood -- he run the dairy on Community -- seem like someone in he family always have a rash somewhere or other . I just figure it be something in the gene . and you know how it be -- you do not like to ask about thing like that ... Erin listen , interested . ext . linwood dairy , barn - day another day . bob linwood , 40' and gruff , be in the barn , toss hay around . erin ( o.s. ) Excuse I . be you Mr. linwood ? he see Erin pick she way toward he in she high-heel . linwood yeah ? erin I be Erin brockovich . I work at the law firm that represent you former neighbor the Browns . they suggest I give you a call . she step in a cow patty . laugh at herself good - naturedly . erin Boy howdy , do I ever wear the wrong shoe . ext . the desoto ' house - day close on a sign that read : the desoto , hang on the side of a small , paint-chipped house . Erin be at the door talk to mary desoto , 65 , who 's wear a big cross at she breast . erin ... and Mr. linwood seem to think that you husband have be sick as well . mary yes , Mr. desoto have lung cancer . never smoke a day in he life , neither . int . LAURA and mike ambrosino's house - night Erin be talk to mike and LAURA ambrosino -- 30' . solid , family folk . but Laura 's leave brow and cheekbone look swollen and misshapen , and she 's try to hide the fact that she 's in a lot of pain . erin Mrs. desoto say she be not sure exactly what it be that you have -- pete she 's not alone on that one . LAURA well , they know what it be -- it 's call fibrous dysplasia -- pete the bone start grow again . give she headache like you would not believe . LAURA -- they just do not know what cause it . int . rita and ted daniel ' house - day Erin be talk to ted and rita daniel . they daughter annabelle , 10 , be sit on the couch , wrap in a blanket . erin ... then Mike ambrosino remember see you folk at the hospital from time to time too , so I think I would just stop by . ( to annabelle ) you must be annabelle . annabelle uh-huh . erin whew , be you ever a beauty . I mean , you must drive that boy crazy . annabelle smile a little . int . erin' house , erin' bedroom - night late night . George roll over -- Erin 's side of the bed be empty . he check the clock , then get up and head into : int . erin' apartment , hallway - night he peer around and spot she , sit in the little kid 's chair in Matthew and Katie 's room . Erin be hold Beth , watch Matt and Katie sleep . Erin hear the floor creak as George step into the doorway . erin tell I something , George . what kind of God let a beautiful little 10 - year - old girl get brain cancer ? be not he suppose to be in charge of stuff like that ? make sure it do not happen ? ( beat ) I swear , any other job , he would be fire . ext . valley sidewalk - day Ed and Erin be walk down the street , take - out coffee cup in they hand . Ed be sip he , but Erin be in too much of a lather to drink hers . ed hunh - uh . absolutely not . erin that 's crazy -- why not ? ed because I say no . look -- the only reason pg&amp ; E 's even talk to we be cause this be a quiet little real estate dispute . we add plaintiff , and suddenly we be in the middle of a toxic tort -- with a statute problem -- against a massive utility . no , thank you . they go into they office building . int . elevator - day Erin and Ed be riding up . erin okay , so here 's what I will do . I will go on up to Ted and rita Daniels -- two of the nicest people you would ever hope to meet , who spend every single day watch they little girl fight like a dog against this cancer -- I will tell they we can not help they cause you do not feel like work that hard . ed it 's not about work hard -- erin bullshit . ed -- it 's about be realistic . something like this , Erin -- it could take forever . they be a huge corporation . they would completely bury we in paperwork . I be just one guy with a shitty little p.i. firm . erin -- who happen to know they poison people and lie about it . the door open . Ed get off . Erin follow . int . masry law office build , hallway - day Erin 's dogging Ed down the hall , to the office . erin and this shit be bad news , Mr. masry . not only do it attack every organ of the body , it fuck with you DNA , too . that mean this people 's gene , and the gene of they kid , and the gene of they grandkid -- ed I know how DNA work , Erin -- he get to the masry &amp ; vititoe door . open they . int . masry &amp ; vititoe - day Erin tail Ed back to he office . erin we can get this people . with a little effort , I really think we can nail they ass to the wall . ed oh , you do ? with all you legal expertise , you believe that ? erin okay , fine . I do not know shit about shit . but I know the difference -- he shut he office door on she . erin -- between right and wrong ! int . ed' office - day Ed go over to he desk , sit down . he see a stack of message there , start flipping through they . then he stop . ed damn it . he shove the message aside and put he head in he hand . he sit like that for a moment , groans to himself . then he push himself up and head over to he door . when he open it , he find Erin still stand there , exactly where he leave she , arm cross . she have not budge . ed how many family we talk about here ? erin four more . eleven people . so far . ed you think there 's more ? erin well -- I find one document at the water board that have a toxic test well read from 1967 . a hell of a lot of people have live on that land since then . Ed pause , groan again , realize what decision he 's make . ed this be a whole different ball game , Erin . a much bigger deal . erin kinda like David and what 's-his -name ? ed kinda like David and what 's -his - name 's whole fuck family . ( heavy sigh ) okay , here 's the deal -- if , and only if , you find I the evidence to back all this up -- I will do it . I will take it on . she smile victoriously . erin you be do the right thing , Mr. masry . ed yeah , yeah . remind I of that when I be filing for bankruptcy . he head back to he desk . Erin follow he into he office . erin course , gather evidence -- now , that 's a big job . a hell of a lot bigger than just filing . I be gonna be work a lot harder now , take on a lot more responsibility ... he give she a look . know what 's come . ed what now ? erin another raise would not hurt . and with all the time I be gonna be spend on the road , I will probably be need my own cel phone , will not I ? int . toy ' r' US - day close on a beeping cel phone as Erin try to program number into its speed dial . widen to see she be read from the phone 's manual as she enter toy ' r' we with George , Matthew , Katie and Beth . erin you each can pick out four thing . but nothing huge . look at the price . nothing crazy . Matthew and Katie fan out into the store . Erin keep mess with the phone . GEORGE you can buy them all the toy you want , but come Monday , when you split again , they be still gonna be piss . Erin look over at he , weary . erin George , I be just try to do something nice for my kid on my one day off . could you please not give I a hard time about it ? GEORGE one toy per kid be do something nice . four be ... something else . erin well , hell , I guess that 's it , then , huh ? they be scar for life . they be gonna start hold up 7 - 11 's any day now . GEORGE I be just say -- erin ( with intensity ) I know what you be say , and I do not wanna hear it . I be do the best I can . and she walk away from he . ext . hinkley , roadside ditch - day Erin , in high heel and miniskirt , be straddle a ditch , scoop clump of gunky moss from the ditch into plastic container . over this : erin ( o.s. ) Dr. frankel , it 's Erin brockovich . tell I something : if I wanna find as much evidence of hexavalent chromium contamination as I possibly can , what should I do ? as Erin label the container , she heel slide down the side of the ditch , and she land smack in it , knee - deep in gunk . ext . hinkley , community boulevard - night Erin , now completely dirty , be climb over a fence mark " no trespass " . her arm be full of more container . frankel ( o.s. ) well , what you have to remember be , if you have hex chrom in the water , you have it in anything that live off the water . she add they to a grow collection of container in the trunk of she car . ext . hinkley , the pool behind a abandoned house - day another day . this time it 's raining . Erin mince she way down to the deep end of the pool in she spike heel . frankel ( o.s. ) what I would do be start a collection . anything that exist in water , on water , under water ... she get to the deep end and scoops up a Ziploc full of rancid pool water and seal it . frankel ( o.s. ) anything that have water flow over or under it ... Erin spot a few dead frog in the water . she pick one up by the leg , and seal it in a plastic bag as well . ext . well - day with a sample cup hold in she tooth , Erin haul herself up over the well 's concrete wall , then , with she back against one side of the well and she foot against the other , start shimmy down the well . frankel ( o.s. ) anything that have water pass through it ... inside the well she wince at the alga and gook that 's cling to she as she descend to the water level . when she 's low enough , she take the sample cup from she tooth and scoops up the water . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , erin' desk - day Erin 's at she desk , bend over she notebook in a miniskirt , add report to the toxicology binder . frankel ( o.s. ) ... collect them , label them , then bring them to I . I will analyze them , see what we get . on the report : we catch a few word : " water sample a ... " , " soil sample D ... " , " frog sample a ... " , " ... trace of hexavalent ... " Brenda look at Erin and see she hem rise in the back . brenda for God 's sake , Erin , I can see you panty . Erin turn to Brenda , relishing the chance to irritate she . erin liar . I be not wear any . Ed , in he office , laugh . he 's start to like this gal . int . erin be house - night it 's a hot night . George be play on the floor with the kid . Erin be behind they on the couch , laboriously read a book label , simply , chromium . the phone ring . Erin pick it up . erin hello ? male voice ( o.s. ) be this the Erin pattee brockovich that 's be snooping around the water board ? his voice be flat , creepy . not friendly . erin yes . who 's this ? click . Erin stare at the phone , freak . int . erin' house , front door - night George watch Erin double - check the lock on the door . erin I be not gonna quit cause of one creepy phone call , George . GEORGE come on , Erin . a job 's suppose to pay you bill , not put you in danger . erin I be not in danger . I have a dead bolt . remember ? she go to the live room , double - check the window lock in there . George follow . GEORGE look , do not take this the wrong way , but do not you think you might be out of you league here ? erin no , see -- that 's exactly what that arrogant pg&amp ; E fuck want I to think -- that because they get all this money and power , we do not stand a chance in hell against they . but you know what ? they be wrong . she head into the bedroom . GEORGE it do not have to be this complicated , Erin . there 's a lot of job out there . erin ( off-hand ) how would you know ? George react , a little stung . he follow she into : int . matt and katie' bedroom - night Matt and Katie be asleep . Erin be check they window . George come in . they whisper . GEORGE you mind tell I what that 's suppose to mean ? erin nothing . GEORGE if you get a problem with I take care of you kid instead of get some job , just say so . erin I do not say that . GEORGE Cause I can get a job . I will . and you can start leave the kid with the chicken fat lady again . would that make you happy ? erin keep you voice down . GEORGE I know what they can sleep through , Erin . I probably know it better than you . she give he a glare , then leave the room . int . water board - day Erin be reach up to a high shelf for a dusty old box of file . out of the corner of she eye , she see Ross pass . erin hey , Ross . tell I something . do pg&amp ; E pay you to cover they ass , or do you just do it out of the kindness of you heart ? ross ( a bad liar ) I do not know what you be talk about . erin the fuck you do not . no one call I pattee . that heavy - breathe sicko that call the other night could have only find out about I from you . ( beat ) people be die , Ross . you get document after document here , right under you nose , that say why , and you have not say word one about it . I wanna know how the hell you sleep at night . Ross be speechless . he just stand there . Erin drag the box to the floor and go to work . ext . water board - night Erin 's car be park in front . a dirty old pick - up come rumbling up the road . when its light hit Erin 's car , it slow , then pull over . the driver flick on he brights to get a better look at the car . the truck sit there for a bit , a dark presence . then , as the headlight of another car appear down the road , the truck go back in gear , pull out and drive off . int . erin' hyundai - night a pile of document be strapped into the passenger seat . a empty coffee cup roll around the floor . Erin 's drive , exhaust . she yawn as she dial she phone . GEORGE ( o.s. ) hello ? intercut between Erin in she car , and George in bed . erin I be so tired I be about to drive off the road . keep I awake , willya ? GEORGE what do you want , a joke ? erin no , no joke , I gotta pee . just tell I about you day . what go on back there ? GEORGE well , come to think of it , we do have a big event around here . Beth start talk . erin what ? ( beat ) Beth ? my Beth ? GEORGE yeah . we be sit around at lunch and she point at a ball and say , " ball . " Erin say nothing , just stare out at the empty highway , feel all hollow - out . GEORGE I would never see that before -- someone 's first word . pretty intense . Erin just nod . keeps stare straight ahead as a tear roll down she cheek . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , erin and brenda's area - day close on some file as Erin hand they to Ed . as he take they from she , he notice a crematory urn on Erin 's desk . ed be that what I think it be ? erin she live on the plume . you never know . Ed laugh and hand the document to Brenda without look at she . she grumpily take they over to the fax machine . close on the fax LED as Brenda type in the number . the recipient 's name come up again : pg&amp ;e claim dept . ext . hinkley barbecue - day open pit , pony ride , watermelon . George be watch Katie and Matt be lead around on pony , a activity that stop be fun hour ago . now they be just hot and tired . by the barbecue , Ed be talk to a older couple as they sign retainer agreement . elsewhere , Erin , hold Beth , be look at picture of a swim pool with five other women . the water be green . erin this be the community pool ? woman 1 yeah , that pg&amp ; E build . the whole time we think it be alga that make it so green . later ... Erin 's trunk be open . she and Ed be clipping new cluster of retainer agreement into the " plaintiff " binder . later still ... Erin and Ed be pass out informational pamphlet . she stick one in a hand before notice that it 's George 's . GEORGE I be bored , and so be the kid . erin just a few more minute , then we can go . ( as he head off ) take she , will you ? George drop the pamphlet and take Beth from Erin . he head over to Matt and Katie , sit glumly on a log . as he step away , a hand reach down and grab the flier he drop . it belong to a man in a black jacket . he 's in he 50' , strong and sinewy . military - style dark glass obscure he eye . he scan the pamphlet , then watch Erin work the crowd . watch she carefully . he slide the pamphlet into he inside pocket , and head back he car -- the dirty old pick - up truck that idl in front of the Water board . later still ... Erin be head over to George and the kid , ready to leave , when donna come up to she , with a middle - aged man in tow . donna Erin , this here 's Frank melendez . he work over at the compressor station -- Erin stop in she track , very interested . later still ... Erin and Frank be on a bench , talk . out of the corner of she eye , she see she car drive off . George 's hand stick out the driver 's side and flip she the bird . she watch he disappear , then , hide she rage , turn back to Frank . erin I be sorry . what be you say ? later ... the barbecue be wind down . Ed be head for he mercede . Erin storm up beside he , mad as all get-out . erin I need a ride . int . ed' car - day Ed be drive . he glance over at Erin , fume in the passenger seat . after a beat : ed you wanna talk about -- erin no . another beat . then Erin 's cel phone ring . she dig into she bag , pull it out as fast as she can . answer . erin what , asshole ? there 's a pause . then Mike ambrosino 's voice come over the line , very strain : mike ambrosino ( o.s. ) um , Erin ? this be mike. ambrosino . ext . ambrosinos ' house , foyer - day the curtain be draw ; everything be dark . Ed and Erin be at the door , talk to Mike , who look draw and tired . mike she be about to take a handful of this -- he show they a bottle of prescription pill . mike it 's a morphine thing -- for pain -- Erin nod , then leave Ed with Mike and head toward : int . ambrosinos ' house , bedroom - day Erin open the door . very dark , very quiet . Laura be lie in bed . Erin go over to she . they speak in whisper . LAURA I be embarrassed . erin that 's okay . I understand . LAURA it 's just -- the pain . it 's only get worse . I can not be a good wife . I can not be a good mother . erin I be real sorry , Laura . Erin sit down on the chair next to the bed . take a beat . LAURA know what I always think I want outta life , Erin ? a jaguar . erin jaguar 's a darn pretty car . LAURA I think if I could spend that kinda money on a car , it would mean everything else be fine . ( beat ) I do not even know how much they cost . erin a lot . but you hang in there , maybe you will get one . Laura shake she head . LAURA would not mean the same thing . Erin watch she sadly . int . pg&amp ;e compressor station - day a loud , industrial plant . Erin and Frank melendez walk through , he in coverall , she in a teensy sun dress . both in hard -hat . he 's give she a tour . ext . northridge STREET - day George , in he leather and denim , be walk down the sidewalk . as we widen , we see he 's push a pink stroller . he stop at a crosswalk , wait for the light to change . in the stroller , Beth start to whine . George reach in he pocket , find she pacifier . as he 's lean down to give it to she , he hear a rumble come down the street behind he . the roar grow . he stand , look . a group of about ten biker have pull up next to he . he look at they . they look at he , then at the stroller . George feel ridiculous . when the light change , the biker rev loudly and pull out . George just stand there and watch they go . int . masry &amp ; vititoe - night his office be all about hinkley . a map of the plume area and a diagram of the plant cover one wall ; photo of the plant cover the credenza ; pile of document litter every surface ; Erin be up at the map , eat chinese food . erin they use the hex chrom here , in this cool tank , as a anti-corrosive . then they dumped it here , in this six pond . ed I do not remember see any pond up there . she bite into a forkful of food , keep talk . erin they cover them over . and not too carefully either , cause you dig one inch under the surface , and the dirt be green as a fuck shamrock . ed and that 's what cause the contamination ? erin it do not help , but no . the real problem 's on the bottom . she reach for a document , read from it . erin see , accord to this , they be suppose to line the pond so this shit could not seep into the ground . but guess what -- ed they skip that step . erin I guess it be a little too inconvenient . so for fourteen year , this stuff flow into the groundwater , free as you please . ed jesus. ( beat ) I do not even wanna ask what you do to make this melendez guy talk . in response to the insinuation , Erin give he a glare . erin for you information , Frank care what be in that pond ' cause he use to spend half he day wading around they . that be he job . ed no shit . erin no -- suddenly , she eye pop out of she head -- erin shit ! shit ! hot ! hot ! hot ! tear spring to she eye . she fan furiously at she mouth . Ed find the tequila from the client and hand it to she . she take a swig . there 's a nanosecond of relief ... until the tequila hit . her eye redden . she spew and gasp . erin you ... asshole ... Ed chuckle . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - later the tequila 's be dip into . Ed and Erin be each lie on a couch , stare at document . late- night work . ed Erin -- lemme tell you something . if I 'da put three researcher on this , I would not expect they to dig up all the information you get here . this be some damn good work . erin yeah ? then gimme another raise . ed hey , I get a staff to pay , plus rent , plus I have not bill a minute of my time since I start on this case , so you can quit hit I up like I be rich or something . he get up , grab he trash can , and move around the room with it , clean up all the chinese food carton . erin do not give I that . you be gonna get plenty rich off of this , Mr. 40 percent . we get that pg&amp ; E fucker by the ball here . ed we have get the pg&amp ; E fucker in hinkley by the ball . but nobody 's get rich unless we can pin this on the corporate pg&amp ; E fucker in San Francisco . erin what do you mean ? ed pg&amp ; E corporate be claim they have no way of know what be go on in hinkley . erin oh , they know . they have to know . ed show I the document that prove that . she do not have one . ed then they do not know . and if they do not know , we can not hit them for punitive damage . and punitive damage be where the money be . erin Jesus Christ , Ed -- you know , the more I work on this thing , the more I realize what a crock of shit this legal system be . here we get a company that poison a whole aquifer -- that build a pool for a town , then fill it with toxic water -- and we be the one who have gotta bust we ass prove thing ? that 's just not right . beat . Ed smile . ed I like this case . erin really ? it make I sick . ed I too . that 's why I like it . it 's be a long time since I have a case I care about . erin you do not care about my case ? ed I would now . he give she a long look . ed hey . I like work with you . erin well , good , Ed . I like work with you too . they both smile a little awkwardly . take a beat . then : ed when would you start call I Ed ? int . masry &amp ; vititoe - night the Christmas party . the office be decorate ; someone be Santa . Erin and George enter , all dress up . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , hallway - night Erin 's give George a guide tour . as they head down the hall , every desk be decorate and have a present on it GEORGE I be just say -- we have one night to ourselves , why do we have to spend it here ? erin Cause it 's my office party . if you have a office , I would go to you party . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , erin and brenda's desk - night it 's dark . the door to Erin 's area open . erin and here , ta-daa , be my desk . she flick on the light . Brenda 's desk be decorate and as a present on it . Erin 's be empty . GEORGE which one ? ( it 's obvious ) maybe they do not think you be come . Erin shake she head . she 's surprised by how hurt she be . erin ( quietly ) God damn . I work so hard . the least they could do ... George look over at she , see she eye glisten a little . he go over to she , wrap he arm around she . GEORGE hey . fuck them , babe . who need them , huh ? he kiss she . she lean into he . he kiss she some more . GEORGE ( quietly ) see ? all we need be each other . she kiss back . she 's gonna let he take care of she . some more kiss , heating up . he slide she onto she empty desk . GEORGE good thing there be not a present there , huh ? that mighta hurt . she laugh a little . he slide he hand up she skirt . she pull he into she , tug he shirt out of he pants . int . masry office , hallway - night Ed be come down the hall with he wife , joey . joey be much young than Ed , and very pretty . ed I will show you what we do back here -- int . erin be desk - night Erin and George , in a rapidly - heating - up clinch on she desk , hear the voice . Erin pull away . erin that 's ed. GEORGE lock the door . erin no , I wanna say hi . he pull she back into he , not want to move . GEORGE we will say hi later . lock it . but Erin pull away ... erin come on , George , it 's a party . he watch she straighten she dress and take a step away from he . it 's just one step , but it feel a hell a lot farther . int . reception area - later Erin and Ed be at the reception desk , talk and laugh . nearby , joey and George be stand together , awkwardly . joey you wife 's real pretty . GEORGE she 's not my wife . int . erin' house , matt and katie' bedroom - night Matthew lie awake in he bed , listen to George and Erin fight . GEORGE ( o.s. ) it would not kill you to talk about something other than yourself and you own fuck job once in a while -- erin ( o.s. ) what do you want to talk about instead ? you day ? that 's a fascinating subject . int . erin' house , erin' bedroom - night Erin and George be fight while they get ready for bed . GEORGE fuck you . just cause I do not spend all day try to prove what hot shit I be -- erin that be not what I be -- GEORGE bullshit , Erin . bullshit . the fight be interrupt by the sound of beth crying . erin great . excellent . thank you very much . she leave the room . int . beth' room - night Beth be wail in she crib . Erin come in in she nightshirt and lift Beth out . then , more to herself than to Beth : erin it 's okay , baby . it will be okay . she run she hand over Beth 's head , then slide down the wall and crumple onto the floor . as she curl around Beth , Erin start to cough . deep , raspy cough from way down low . ext . pg&amp ;e station - night late , late at night . the plant be silent . the property seem empty , until we notice Pete Irving stand alone inside the gate , stare up at the station . after a beat , he pick up a rock and hurl it at the plant . it miss . not that it would do anything if it hit . he reach for another , throw it . then another , and another . he hurl rock after rock at the gigantic plant . then , overwhelm by he impotence , he let out a terrifying yell . int . irving ' house , donna' bedroom - day donna 's sit quietly in bed . Erin be sit on the edge of the bed . donna I would get so use to have them come up benign , I guess I just do not expect it . she look down she shirt front . donna sure wish I have longer to get use to the idea . ( beat ) you think if you get no uterus , and no breast , you be still technically a woman ? erin sure you be . you be just a happier woman , cause you do not have to deal with maxi-pad and underwire . donna smile a little . then she face crumble . donna we be gonna get they , be not we , Erin ? you gotta promise I we be gonna get they . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , day close on the fax LED as document be fax once again to the pg&amp ;e claim dept . then again , on another day . and again , on another day . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - day Ed be once again check the lie of he tie in a window . Erin be pop some aspirin , try to kill a headache that have bring with it a healthy dose of intolerance . erin if they have send that little shmuck baum again , I be gonna be real piss off . ed from they tone of voice on the phone , I would say they be take we more seriously . erin yeah , I hear that one before . Brenda lean she head in . brenda Mr. sanchez , Mr. webster , Mr. buda , and Ms. Cooper , from pg&amp ; E be here . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , reception area - day talk about move up the food chain . ms. sanchez , mr. webster , mr. buda , and mr. cooper mill slowly about the reception area like shark . they all ooze importance . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , outside of ed' office - day Erin , Ed and Brenda be stare out at they . erin Jesus . they look like the secret service . ed they be try to intimidate we . ( then , to Brenda ) tell they to wait in the conference room . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , conference room - day sanchez , webster , buda , and Cooper be seat . the door open and Ed enter , legal pad under he arm . follow by Erin , legal pad under she arm . follow by Anna ( look professional in Brenda 's suit coat ) , legal pad under she arm . follow by mario ( in a suit produce from who know where ) , legal pad under he arm . if you do not know better , you would assume it be a team of lawyer as well . ed counselor -- mr. sanchez counselor . Ed and Erin sit down and get to work . mario and Anna , clearly tell to just follow along , sit down a moment later . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , conference room - later mario and Anna be sit mutely in they seat beside Ed and Erin , fire blank look across the table . sanchez let 's be honest , here . two million dollar be more money than this people have ever dream of . Erin have no patience for this today . erin oh , see , now that piss I off . first of all -- we get more and a hundred plaintiff . they may not be sophisticated , but they do know how to divide , and two million dollar be not shit when it 's split between they . mario and Anna exchange a look . this be get interesting . ed Erin -- but there 's no stop she . erin and second of all -- this people do not dream about be rich . they dream about be able to watch they kid swim in a pool without worry they will have to have a hysterectomy at age 20 , like Rosa diaz -- a client of ours -- or have they spine deteriorate like Stan Bloom . another client of ours . so before you come back here with another lame - ass offer , I want you to think real hard about what you spine be worth , Mr. buda -- or what you would expect someone to pay you for you uterus , miss sanchez -- then you take out you calculator and multiply that number by a hundred . anything less than that be a waste of we time . and she get up and storm out of the meeting . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , coffee area - day Erin drink a big swig of coffee and pop a few more aspirin . Beyond she , the pg&amp ; E lawyer be filing out of the office . Anna wander over to Erin , a little uncomfortable . anna um , Erin ? ( Erin turn ) listen . even though you be not necessarily my favorite person in the world ... ( beat ) ... sometimes you be not half - bad . erin I be gonna assume that be mean as a compliment , Anna , and just say thank you . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , erin' desk - night Erin 's at she desk , which be completely bury in document and file . she 's visibly exhaust , struggle to focus on the page , and coughing while she work . Ed call to she . ed hey . a new plaintiff call , want to meet you . I tell he we would be out there Thursday . erin D ' you get he name ? ( no answer ) course not . Jesus , Ed -- ed he say he would be at the gas station at six . erin Boy , this job take I to some of the best damn place , huh ? ext . hinkley gas station - sunset Erin be sit out front , swigging cough syrup from the bottle . she check she watch : 6:30 . the gas station attendant come out , lock up , and turn out the light . erin this be the only station in town , right ? attendant yup . he get in he car and drive off . Erin sit down again . look down the road in both direction . nothing . then she spot , behind some bush across the street , a glint of chrome . she shield she eye against the sunset and see : the beat - up truck park behind some shrubbery . Erin look around , realize she 's alone . as she look back at the truck , the ash of a cigarette brighten in the cab . she realize she 's be watch . the driver 's door open . Erin bolt for she car , scramble to find she key . she jump in , lock she door , and try to start she car , but it will not turn over . panic . the man in the Dark glass have get out and be head toward she car . Erin look around again . not a soul . she try the engine again . and again . just as he get to she car , the engine engage . Erin peel out of the gas station . int . erin be car - night Erin drive down the road , hyperventilate , try to focus on the road . she look in the rear-view mirror -- nothing . she reach the train track . a train be pass . she have to stop . as she 's wait , the glint of headlight bounce off she rear view mirror . truck light , come she way . fuck . she look at the train -- still pass -- then back at the headlight close in on she . the train , the headlight , the train , the headlight ... finally , when the headlight be right behind she , the last train car zip by . Erin peel out , bound she rickety car over the track . the truck follow . ext . hinkley road - night the Hyundai zip down the road . and behind it , the truck . int . hyundai - night she look out at the landscape around she . it 's black . no other car on the road . she start to panic , accelerate . ext . hinkley road - night the Hyundai go faster . the truck still follow . int . hyundai - night Erin come up on a stop sign . she run it . so do the truck . a little later , she make a turn and see the lost cause SALOON . in the parking lot , like a lifeboat , sit Ed 's mercede . she pull into the drive and jump out of she car . int . lost cause SALOON - night Ed be eat rib when Erin burst through the door . she rush over to he , near tear with fear and exhaustion . erin someone 's follow I . ed what ? who ? erin some guy in a truck -- he wait till I be alone , then he follow I , like , two mile . Jesus , I be shaking . get I a beer . Ed get up and head toward the door . ed ( to the counter guy ) beer , please . as Ed look out the door , Erin collapse onto a bench . ed what kind of truck ? erin I do not know . big. Dark . ed he 's go . ( back to the table ) do you get a license plate ? or a make ? erin no , Ed -- what with I run for my life , I do not have time to check that thing -- ed I be just ask . be you all right ? erin yeah . yeah , I be ... fine . Ed look at she . she look terrible . shaky , tired , draw . ed Jesus , you look like shit . when be the last time you have a decent night 's sleep ? ext . hinkley motel - night crappy and pink . Ed 's mercede pull into the parking lot . Erin 's Hyundai follow . Ed stop , get out . int . hyundai - night Ed swing by Erin 's open car window . ed do not worry . I be get two room . ext . hinkley motel - night Erin and Ed amble down the porch , check door number , each rattling a key . they find they adjacent room and stop . Erin lean against the wall , too weak to stand . ed lock the door every which way you can . and if there 's anything -- funny sound , whatever -- pound on the wall . I will come right over . she nod a little . then before she go into she room : erin I think you should know -- there 's very few people in the world who do not piss I off 90 percent of the time . ( beat ) you be one of them . it 's as tender as she get , and he 's move by it . they look at each other . maybe even consider . but after a long beat , she reach for she door again . moment over . ed I be triple lock my door , so do not even think of try to take advantage . she smile , go inside . he watch she close she door behind she before go inside himself . ext . erin' house , front stoop - night George be sit alone on the stoop , drink a beer . Music be come from he house next door . he stare out into the street with a lot on he mind . int . erin' house , kitchen - day Katie and Matt be make a mess of breakfast . Beth be on the floor , grind cereal into the linoleum . erin ( o.s. ) hello ? Erin enter , have just get home , and see the mayhem . erin what be you do ? where 's George ? katie I do not know . erin George ! she head out . int . erin' house , erin' bedroom - day George be sit on the bed when Erin enter . erin Jesus , George , they be turn the kitchen into a hellhole . you know you can not leave they alone like that . he do not answer . do not move . she notice this . erin what 's go on ? what be you do ? GEORGE think . erin about what ? he 's very calm . he hold out a small jewelry box . GEORGE about this . erin what 's that ? GEORGE it 's a pair of earring . I see them in the mall one day , and I think , damn , that would look good on that beautiful earlobe . so I buy them . and I say to myself , next time Erin say something nice , do something nice , I will surprise she with them . ( beat ) know how long ago that be ? six month . in six month , you have not say one nice thing to I . that 's a long time . erin I be sorry . I be just work so hard -- GEORGE I know . but still . six month . ( he stand ) I think you oughta either find a different job or a different boyfriend . Cause there may be man who do not mind be the may and get nothing in return , but I be sure as shit not one of them . erin I can not leave my job , George . GEORGE yeah , you can . you could just quit . people do it all the time . erin I can not . look -- this job -- it 's the best thing that ever happen to I . I mean it . for the first time in my life , I get people respect I . up in hinkley , I walk into a room and everyone shut up just to hear what I get to say . I never have that . ever . do not ask I to give it up . I need it . GEORGE more than you need I . erin I need it . he nod , then stand , to leave . GEORGE maybe you do not like who you be before , Erin , but I do . that 's who I fall in love with . only then do she see the pack duffel bag in the corner . erin you already pack up you stuff ? GEORGE I pretty much know what you answer be gonna be . he pick it up and walk out the door , toss the earring box on the bed as he go . int . erin' bedroom - night Erin be at she window , look out at the street below . George be strapping a couple of bag onto the back of he bike . he get on the bike , start it up , and drive away . int . hyundai - day Erin be drive , look weary . her kid be in the car . Matthew turn on the radio . Erin reach over and turn it off . Matthew turn it back on . Erin glare at he , turn it off . on/off/on/off . a test of will . finally , when Matthew turn it on one more time , Erin turn it off , yank the knob off the stereo and throw it out the window . ext . masry &amp ; vititoe parking lot - day the Hyundai pull into the lot . int . hyundai - day Erin park the car , unclip she seat belt . erin wait here . she get out . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , MAIN room - day Business as usual . Erin come in , go straight to she desk . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , erin' desk - day Erin flip through she " in " box , look for something in particular . do not find it . grrr . she head off to : int . masry &amp ; vititoe , jane's office - day Jane be at she desk when Erin come in . erin where 's my paycheck ? jane have you be log on ? erin what ? jane I move payroll onto the computer . it only know to process paycheck for employee who log on in the morning and off at night . erin ( seethe ) now how be I suppose to do that when I be not in here most morning and night ? jane you be clever . I be sure you will think of something . Erin glare at she ... erin I do not believe this -- ... then turn and storm out of Jane 's office . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , ed' office - day Ed be on the phone when Erin barge in , rage in she eye . erin I want my fuck money -- ed ( into phone ) I be sorry , I be gonna have to put you on hold for just one second here -- ( put the call on hold , then , to Erin ) do you mind ? erin ( seethe ) yeah , I mind . you bet you ass I mind . clearly , she 's in a dander he 's go to have to deal with . ed oh , Jesus . you wanna tell I what the problem be here , or -- erin it 's my paycheck . which I earn . which I deserve . which I should not have to beg for . that fat - ass bitch will not give it to I . ed Erin , you be a big girl . if you get a problem with Jane , work it out for yourself . I do not have time to deal with -- erin fuck you . make time . Cause I bust my ass for you . I watch everything else in my life go straight in the toilet , for you . and what do you do for I ? huh ? you see the way I be treat around here -- but have you ever stand up for I once ? have you ever mention to everyone what good work I be do ? have you ever bother say , hey , Erin do not get pay the most cause she have the best tit ; she get pay the most cause she 's the best God damn employee I have ever have ? ed be that what you want ? erin I want my paycheck . by the end of the day . Ed sigh . realize he 's go to have to take this on . ed I will see what I can do . erin you might want to think real hard about the amount , too . my kid be sit in the God damn parking lot right now , cause I still do not make enough to afford good child care . make I think about look around for a job where I be appreciate , for shit 's sake . she storm out . int . erin' house , kitchen - night Erin be stand at the sink , visibly exhaust , try to do the dinner dish with one arm and comfort Beth , who 's crying , with the other . Matthew come in . matthew can I play roller hockey ? erin we will see . matthew when ? the doorbell ring . Erin go to get it . Matthew follow int . erin' house , front door - night Matthew be dogging Erin on this . Beth be still cry . matthew Randy 's mom say yes right away . erin ( snap ) well , God damn it , Matthew -- Randy 's mom do not work eighteen - hour day , and Randy 's dad do not leave she , so figure out who 's gonna take who where be a little easier over at Randy 's house . Erin open the door . a messenger be there . messenger Erin brockovich ? erin yeah ? messenger Package from masry &amp ; vititoe . he hand she a manila envelope . she sign for the package , then tear into it as the Messenger head away . a check and a set of keys fall out . she look at the check . it 's make out for $ 5,000 . a note attach read " hire a nanny . and look outside . - E . " Erin look up and see a brand - new chevy blazer park on the curb . she look at the key in she hand . chevy key . whoa . ext . masry &amp ; vititoe , parking lot - day Erin drive up in the blazer , pull into a parking space . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , law library - day it 's dark . Ed 's seat at a table , alone . Erin walk by the door , then spot he and stop in the doorway . erin believe it or not , I would have be satisfied with just the check . Ed turn , see she . ed well , you go threaten to leave , I can not take any chance . you be the only person around who understand what I be do . thing come up , I gotta know I get someone to turn to . she sit , read he . erin what kind of thing come up ? ed thing like the head counsel for pg&amp ; E call I with a offer . ( beat ) 20 million , plus attorney 's fee . take it or leave it . erin whoa . no shit . ed it 's about 50 thousand per plaintiff . erin so what be you think ? ed I be think ... I wish someone else have to make this decision . ( beat ) 50 thousand buck be more than any other California toxic plaintiff have get . ever. but ... erin ... but it will not cover annabelle Daniels 's medical bill . ed and it 's less than pocket change for pg&amp ; E . erin do you think we would do better by go to trial ? ed maybe . but maybe not . we still do not have anything link this to pg&amp ; E corporate . plus , there 's the statute problem . plus , we be way short on manpower , so we would need to bring on more lawyer ... erin plus , 40 percent of 20 million 's a whole lot of money . ed it 's eight million dollar , Erin . eight million dollar . beat . erin that 's a fuck fortune , Ed . and you know I be the last person on Earth to walk away from a big payday . but you and I do not get into this to get rich . we do it cause we both have this voice in we head say , do the right thing ; get this plaintiff what they deserve -- the right to live and die in some kind of comfort and peace . if 50,000 be not gonna buy that , then we gotta say no . ( beat ) trust I . if you do not do the right thing for this people , get that 6 million dollar be gonna feel like shit . he nod to himself , and look up at she , he mind make up . ed I know I put up with you bullshit for a reason . int . erin be new car - day it 's raining . they be drive through the tall building of century City . Ed be full of nervous excitement . ed this guy , Erin -- he 's get more toxic tort experience than anyone else in California . he 's huge . and he say yes to I on the first phone call , right off the bat . ( point to a building ) that 's it . the big one . they have get the top three floor . int . potter , hughes &amp ; rosewood , reception - day it feel more like the lobby of a five-star hotel than a office . Erin and Ed step off the elevator . Erin gawk . erin Holy shit . who do they represent , God ? ed do not joke . they might . so do I a favor and behave yourself for once . ( to receptionist ) Ed masry to see kurt Potter . as Ed turn to check he reflection , a young lawyer come through the reception area . Erin watch he pass , then , still miff , call out to he . erin scuse I , sir , you get a real nice ass , you know that ? the lawyer double - take on she , then retreat into the office . Erin turn to Ed , smile . erin oh , I be sorry . be that not what you mean by behave myself ? int . potter , hughes &amp ; rosewood reception area - day theresa dellavalle , 38 , junior partner , come out to greet they . she 's everything Erin be not : conservative , restrain , unemotional . and about as sexy as a station wagon . theresa ed. good to see you again . ed theresa , hey -- this be Erin brockovich . int . potter , hughes &amp ; rosewood hallway - day theresa lead Ed and Erin down a long hall of teak desk . the sound of they footfalls be swallow up by the plush carpete . occasional attorney and paralegals glance at Erin . she feel they stare . int . potter , hughes &amp ; rosewood , kurt potter' office - day Potter be sit behind he giant desk when theresa lead Ed and Erin in . theresa kurt , Ed masry 's here . and this be Erin brockovich , Ed 's assistant . Erin , this be kurt Potter . potter ( to Ed , with a wink ) well . now I know what you mean when you call she you secret weapon . Erin give Ed another look . what the fuck ? Ed give she a firm look back . behave . int . potter , hughes &amp ; rosewood , conference room - day Potter , Ed , Erin , theresa and few paralegals be sit around the table . as the conversation ping - pong between Ed and Potter , Potter completely ignore Erin . potter when would they file the demur ? ed yesterday . erin what 's a demur ? ed it 's pg&amp ; E say to the judge that we do not have a case . they lawyer go -- potter how many count ? ed sixty-nine . we have get good answer to all of them . erin count ? ed reason pg&amp ; E think it should not go to -- potter who 's the judge ? ed Corey . potter good . erin why good ? ed he 's get a reputation for do all he -- potter how long 's he gonna take ? Erin 's start to steam at Potter . theresa see it brewing , try to intercede . theresa you know what ? why do not I take Erin down the hall , so we can start in on this stuff ? Erin notice all she file in stack against the wall . erin hey -- that be my file -- theresa yeah , we have they couriere over . and listen , good work . they be a great start . we be just go to have to spend a little time fill in the hole in you research . okay , this people be start to piss she off . erin Excuse I -- theresa , be it ? there be no hole in my research . theresa no offense . there be just some thing we need that you probably do not know to ask . erin do not talk to I like I be a idiot , okay ? I may not have a law degree , but I have spend 18 month on this case , and I know more about that plaintiff than you ever will . theresa Erin . you do not even have phone number for some of they . erin whose number do you need ? theresa everyone 's . this be a lawsuit . we need to be able to contact the plaintiff . erin I say , whose number do you need ? theresa you do not know six hundred plaintiff ' number by heart . Erin just stare at she . theresa sigh , reluctantly glance down at a file . theresa annabelle Daniels . erin annabelle Daniels . 714-454-9346. as theresa start to write it down : erin 10 year old , 11 in May . live on the plume since birth . want to be a synchronize swimmer , so she spend every minute she could in the pg&amp ; E pool . she have a tumor in she brain stem detect last November , have a operation on Thanksgiving , shrink it with radiation after that . her parent be rita and Ted . Ted 's get chron 's disease , and rita have chronic headache and nausea and underwent a hysterectomy last fall . Ted grow up in hinkley . his brother Robbie and he wife May and they five kid Robbie , Jr. , martha , Ed , Rose , and Peter live on the plume too . they number 's 454-9445 . you want they disease ? beat . Erin glare at theresa , indignant . theresa okay , look -- I think we get off on the wrong foot here -- erin that 's all you get , lady . two wrong foot . in fuck ugly shoe . int . parking lot - night it 's still raining . Erin be follow Ed to the car . he 's furious . erin she insulted I ! ed bullshit . it be a misunderstanding . but instead of handle it politely , instead of treat she with respect -- erin why the fuck should I respect she ? Ed stop in he track , furious . he glare at she . ed because that 's how people treat each other ! erin not in my world . ed gee , I wonder why . on that , he get in he car , slam the door , and drive off , leave she stand alone in the pour rain . erin hey ! you be my ride ! int . potter , hughes &amp ; rosewood , hallway - day Potter and Ed be walk down the hallway , mid-conversation . a few paralegals follow they with file . potter I have also be think about the team . responsibility , who should cover what -- ed right . potter I think we should make some change . ext . linwood be dairy - day Bob linwood be in he barn , muck it out . theresa be at the edge of the property , try unsuccessfully to get he attention by yell and wave she arm . in she expensive shoe , she 's stop short of the cow patty minefield . int . potter , hughes &amp ; rosewood , conference room - day close on a client file as a hand fill in a phone number . widen to see Erin seat with a paralegal , rattling off fact and number from memory . she 's seize by a coughing fit . ext . linwood dairy - day theresa still have not get linwood 's attention . finally , rather than ruin she shoe , she pick up a stone and toss it at the barn . it hit the window and break it . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , erin and brenda's desk - day Erin 's desk be empty : no Erin , no file , nothing . Ed come out of he office and hand Brenda a stack of document . close on the fax LED Brenda type in the number . the recipient 's i.d. come up again , only this time it say : potter , hughes , rosewood . int . potter , hughes , rosewood , hallway - another day a secretary carry the document to Potter 's office . on the way , she pass the conference room . Inside , Erin be still dictating to the paralegal . she 's shivery with fever now . the floor around she be litter with tissue . int . daniel ' house - day theresa be talk to rita and Ted Daniels . annabelle be curl up on the sofa , wrap up in a blanket . rita and Ted notice that theresa do not even look at annabelle . int . erin' apartment , kitchen - day Erin be lie in bed , home sick , talk on the phone . she 's talk over the noise of tania , she 20 - something Eastern european nanny , vacuume the hall . erin I know she be not real warm , but they say she 's a real good lawyer ... intercut with int . daniel ' house - day Ted Daniels be on the phone . rita be next to he . ted that may be . but I do not want she come to the house again . she 's kinda stick - up , and she upset annabelle . now , I hate to say this , but when she leave today , rita ask if we should get a new lawyer . erin Ted , no -- do not do that . if you do not like theresa , you do not have to work with she . I and Ed be still here for you . ted I call Ed two day ago , Erin , and he still have not call I back . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , brenda's desk - day the phone ring . Brenda pick up . brenda Ed masry 's office ... sorry , he can not be interrupt . intercut with Erin at home , still in bed , so irritate . erin do not be a pain in the ass , okay , Brenda ? just put he on . brenda ( with finality ) I say , he can not be interrupt . Erin hang up . then , with a groan , she pull she weary body out of bed . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , reception - day Erin drag herself into the office . rosalind hey , Erin , I think you be take a sick day . erin so do I . she head toward Ed 's office , but stop when she see a meeting in progress in the conference room . Ed be on the side of the table face she , flanke by Potter and theresa . on the other side of the table , be four suite back . erin what 's go on in there ? rosalind some meeting . with pg&amp ; E people . erin pg&amp ; -- be you sure ? rosalind yup . they must be important , too , cause they come on a special plane . Erin feel this like a sock in the gut . she stare at the meeting , stunne . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , conference room - day this band of pg&amp ; E lawyer be the oldest and most impressive of all . Ed , Potter , and theresa be listen to the most senior pg&amp ; E lawyer , mr. corbin , talk . corbin ... we would enter into bind arbitration -- judge , no jury -- with a settlement to be between 50 and 400 million dollar . Ed and Potter hear this and think about it . potter any precondition on the settlement ? corbin the plaintiff have to agree to it unanimously . and they be bar from ever discuss they settlement with anyone . ed 50 - 400 million dollar be not a whole hell of a lot of money for you company , Mr. corbin . head counsel 50 - 400 million dollar be a great deal of money for you plaintiff , Mr. masry . as Ed mull this , he see , beyond Mr. corbin , erin stare at he from the other side of the glass wall , she face cold with hurt and anger . ed could I -- just take a brief break here for a moment ? I will be right back . he get up and go out into : int . masry &amp ; vititoe , MAIN room - day Ed come out . Erin 's so angry she can barely breathe . erin if you tell I to relax , I be gonna kick you fuck head off -- ed Erin , it 's just a meeting . erin people do not fly down in they own god damn plane for " just a meeting " -- ed look , you say you be not feel great . I think you should rest . erin bullshit . you would drag I off my deathb if it suite you . ed okay , look . it 's a important meeting . kurt think , if it be just lawyer -- erin kurt think ? what about you ? do you think anymore ? he resist be drag into a knock - down , drag - out fight . ed look , this be serious now . they be talk serious money -- erin and , what , I be not serious ? ed you be emotional . you be erratic . you say any God damn thing that come into you head . and I be not say that 's bad . that can be great ; that can be a lot of fun -- erin " fun ? " Jesus , " fun ? " I kill myself for a year and a half , hand you the best case of you life on a God damn silver platter , remind you of why you become a lawyer in the first place , and you think of I as " fun ? " ed okay , now you be make this personal , and it be not -- erin not personal ? that 's my work in there , Ed . my sweat , my labor , my time . if that 's not personal , I do not know what be . she start to cough and crumble , but fight it . erin ( weaken ) how dare you take that away from I . ed no one 's take anything -- erin bullshit . you stick I in siberia dictating to some God damn steno clerk so you could finish this thing without I . after all I have do for you , that 's the thanks I get . by now the entire office be watch . as be the lawyer in the conference room . ed do not give I that . you have get plenty . you have be well - pay ; you have get lot of perk ... erin perk ? Jesus -- perk ? Erin reach into she bag , pull out she cel phone . erin if this piece of shit be suppose to take the place of you respect , you can take it and shove it up you ass . she throw it at he and storm away . the phone hit the glass wall of the conference room , cracking it . Ed just stand there , with the lawyer stare at he through the splinter glass wall . ext . masry &amp ; vititoe parking lot - day Erin get to she car . as she open the door , the alarm sound . she fumble with she keychain , try to turn it off , but she 's too sick and upset to figure it out . with the siren still blaring , she kick at the car in rage . int . erin be car - night Erin 's drive home . as she turn onto she street , she headlight wash across the sidewalk and illuminate a small boy , wear a backpack , walk the other way . erin Holy shit -- she look over she shoulder , but the sidewalk be too dark . she pull a U -turn in the middle of the street . a car honk . Erin scan the sidewalk , finally see he again . Holy shit , be right . it 's Matthew , wander the street at night . erin Matthew -- she pull ahead of Matthew and bump up onto the sidewalk , block he path . when he see she car , he turn and run the other way . Erin leap out and follow he . erin Matthew ! matthew ! she catch up and collar he . erin God damn it , Matthew . what the hell be you do out here ? matthew I be gonna go live with George . int . erin be house - night music be play . tania be on the phone . the receiver be yank from she hand . she turn to see Erin hover over she , barely contain herself . erin if you leave here real fast , I might not kill you . int . erin' house , matthew and katie' room - night Matthew 's in he bed , face the wall . Erin sit on the foot of he bed , near tear . Katie 's watch from she bed . erin we will work out the roller hockey thing , okay ? whatever you want , we will work it out . I promise . matthew you always say that . then you go to work and forget you promise . erin I never forget , honey . I try , real hard . it 's just , for some reason , I do not seem to be able to organize thing right and -- when it come to you guy , I end up fall short . matthew you never fall short for the work people . I guess maybe you just love they more . erin oh , God , sweetheart , no . there 's nothing on Earth I love more than you . nothing . ( beat ) I promise . she lay she hand on he shoulder , but he shrug it off and inch away from she . int . erin' house , hallway - night Erin come out of the bedroom . as she turn to close the door , she collapse to the floor in a heap . out cold . int . hospital emergency room - night a busy southland er . George burst through the door with Katie , Matthew and Beth in tow . he go up to the desk . GEORGE I be look for Erin brockovich . they bring she in in a ambulance ? int . er waiting area - day the kid be wait . George be talk to a doctor . GEORGE meningitis ? what the hell be meningitis ? doctor it 's a inflammation of the spinal cord and part of the brain . GEORGE Jesus . doctor she must be a tough cookie , cause it 's a pretty advanced case . I would say she 's be walk around with it for a few week now . GEORGE how do someone get meningitis ? doctor usually , in adult , it 's from exposure to bacteria or a virus or ... GEORGE ... or lemme guess -- toxic waste ? int . hallway outside erin' hospital room - day Matt and Katie sit on the cheap plastic chair outside the room . Katie be hold Beth , who 's sleep . GEORGE ( o.s. ) they can stay at my place till you go home . int . erin' hospital room - day Erin 's in bed , hook up to a iv , look exhaust . all untouched food tray be beside she bed . George be stand across the room from she , arm cross tight across he chest , keep he distance . erin they say that would be tomorrow . they just wanna keep a eye on I another night . GEORGE Fine . I will drop them off tomorrow afternoon . a moment of thick silence . erin thank you . GEORGE ( give nothing ) mm-hm . as she watch he reach for he motorcycle helmet , to leave , she 's hit with a wave of regret . erin George , hang on . ( he pause ) look ... I be sorry . I just -- there 's a knock at the door , and Ed enter . George look at he . not interested in she apology . GEORGE I will drop them by tomorrow . and Erin watch George leave the room , then turn to Ed . erin if you be here to fire I , you timing 's lousy . ed I be not gonna fire you . ( beat ) I want to . but then you get sick , and that woulda make I look like a shit . ( serious ) you embarrassed I , Erin . erin I know . I be sorry . ( beat ) do I get to hear what happen anyway ? int . erin' hospital room - later Ed have take off he coat and pull a chair up next to Erin 's bed . he 's eat the pudding off she tray . erin between 50 and 400 million , definitely ? ed uh-huh . erin and if you have to guess ... ed with nothing link it to the corporate office yet , I would say we will end up on the lower end of that . still a lot of money . erin so why would pg&amp ; E offer it ? ed because . they know the evidence ; they know they be gonna lose a jury trial . maybe they would not lose 400 million buck , but once you factor in all they would spend on this case in the next ten year , it make a lot of -- erin wait , what do you mean , ten year ? ed five year , maybe , for a trial . double that for the appeal . erin ( confuse ) I be sorry , be you say that if this thing go to trial , it will be ten year before this plaintiff see they money ? ed hey , that 's not so bad . compare it to the Love Canal -- that be twenty year ago , and that people still have not see a dime . so in legal term , ten year be -- erin fuck legal term . we be talk about human being here . sick people . a whole bunch of they be gonna be dead in ten year . they need they money now ! ( beat ) we gotta get them to agree to the arbitration , Ed . we gotta get every damn one of that plaintiff to -- ed I know . we be have a meeting , it 's all set up -- erin when ? where ? ed Tuesday at seven , at the hinkley firehouse . erin okay , good . I think I should be the one to tell them , cause they trust I more than -- ed you be not gonna be there . erin the fuck I be not . I do not care what the doctor say -- ed this be not doctor 's order . it 's mine . I be say you can not come . erin why not ? ed because kurt do not want to work with you . he think you be a loose cannon . erin fuck kurt . ed Erin -- erin no , I be serious . you know what kurt Potter be ? he 's the kind of guy who never would have take this case in the first place . he 's the kind of guy who would have sell this plaintiff down the river when pg&amp ; E offer 20 million . he do not work like we , Ed . there 's no little voice in he head tell he to do the right thing . but he mind 's make up . he stand to leave . ed do not come , Erin . I mean it . if you do , I be gonna have to fire you . ( beat ) just ... concentrate on get well . ext . hinkley firehouse - night the parking lot be empty , except for three mercede . Ed , Potter , and theresa be in the doorway , go over they note . a truck pull into the lot . int . erin' house , MAIN room - night Katie and Matt be watch tv . Beth be play near they . behind they , Erin be lie on the couch , under a blanket , distractedly try to watch tv . she check she watch . ext . hinkley firehouse - night the lot be fill with more car and truck ; headlight criss -cross each other as people pull in from all direction . int . erin be house - night Erin 's sit up now , jiggling she knee , unable to sit still . she check she watch again . 6:30 . she can not take it . she throw off the blanket and get up . erin come on , kid , we be go for a ride . int . hinkley firehouse - night close on hand . as people stream in , they be each hand a release form with a space for a signature on the bottom . int . hinkley firehouse - later it 's sweltering . the room , pack with plaintiff , hum with horse fly and tension . people be fan themselves with the release form . Potter 's address they from a raise platform . Ed , theresa , and Andrew be seat behind he . potter bind arbitration be not all that different from a trial . it 's overseen by a judge . evidence be present in much the same way . ext . firehouse - night one more car pull into the lot . it 's Erin 's chevy . int . erin be car - night Erin unbuckle she seat belt . erin stay in the car , baby , I will not be long . ext . firehouse - night Erin get out of the car , look around , then go over to a window and look in at the pack meeting . plaintiff ( o.s. ) and then a jury decide ? potter ( o.s. ) no , sorry , I should have mention that . there 's no jury in bind arbitration . no jury , and no appeal . she climb up on a old wagon for a better view . bob linwood ( o.s. ) no appeal ? so what be we option if we do not like the result ? potter ( o.s. ) well -- you have none . the judge 's decision be final . but I really do not anticipate that as a problem . int . firehouse - night now , in addition to the stifling heat , the large room be thick with mistrust . people be shifting in they seat , whisper to each other . tom brown you do not even know what it 's gonna be ; how do you know we be gonna like it ? agree murmur ripple through the crowd . potter as I say before , it will definitely be somewhere between 50 and 400 million dollar . mandy brown which ? there 's a big difference there . potter I would not want to speculate at this point . mandy brown Ed -- what do you think it will be ? Potter turn around and look at Ed seat behind he . ed I think ... kurt 's right . we should not speculate . mandy brown so then , what , that mystery number 's divide up at the whim of some judge -- potter judge do not make decision base on whim , mar 'am . they make they base on precedent and evidence . the grumble of discontent have overtaken the room . more whisper , more movement . ext . firehouse - night Erin watch the meeting fall apart . it 's drive she crazy . erin Fucking idiot -- int . firehouse - night Potter see he 's lose they , too . tries to gain control . potter look. everyone . be this a big decision ? absolutely . but I do believe that if you put a little faith in the system , you will be quite pleased with the outcome . Ted Daniels get up from he seat . ted daniel Mr. Potter , if you know I from Adam , you would know that be pleased be not a option for I anymore . now do not take this personally , sir , but I have never see you before in my life . I be not about to put my faith in anything just cause you tell I to . he drop he agreement form , unsign , then take rita 's hand and head for the door . ext . firehouse - night meeting 's over . the plaintiff stream out of the firehouse . Cars start up , headlight flick on . people pull away . int . firehouse - night everyone have leave . Erin enter and look around . the floor be litter with reject , unsign release form . she think for a moment , then get a idea . she pick up a release form , and leave the firehouse . ext . mini mall - night everything 's close , except the kinko be store at the far end . Erin 's truck pull into the parking lot . int . kinko be - night a bore employee be at the register , painting with wite - out on a blue piece of paper . Erin enter , drag she kid . erin can I have one of that counter thingy , please ? the employee give it to she . Erin cross to the copier . she slip the release form into one , then tap in the number of copy : 635 . press " start . " the machine whirs to life . ext . hinkley motel - night Erin 's chevy pull into the parking lot . matthew ( o.s. ) I do not want to stay here . it smell . int . hinkley motel room - night Erin be enter the crappy motel room with she kid . erin we get no choice . I be not gonna make it home tonight . now go wash up and climb into bed . as the kid wander toward the bathroom , Erin pick up the phone and dial . ring , ring . GEORGE ( o.s. ) hello ? erin hi . it 's I . ( silence ) I get a favor to ask you . GEORGE ( o.s. ) I do not do favor for you anymore . erin it 's not for I ; it 's for my kid . you be the only one I trust they with . ext . hinkley motel - day very early . Erin be visible in the motel office , talk to the clerk , when George 's motorcycle pull into the lot . she turn around and see he pull up next to she chevy . ext . erin' motel room - day Erin come up to he , hand he a key . erin I get you you own room . he take it , glance toward the motel room . GEORGE they up ? erin hunh -uh . not yet . ( awkward beat ) look , do not take any of them on you bike , okay ? call a cab if you wanna go somewhere . she hand he a wad of cash . GEORGE how long 's this whole thing gonna take ? erin I do not know . few day . ( beat ) thanks for help I . I appreciate it . he nod . she get into she car . before close the door , she turn back to he . erin and I miss you . GEORGE yeah , well -- good help be hard to find . she see how mad she 's make he . take a beat . erin I treat you real bad , George . I know that . but , my problem be -- I never be with anyone who deserve better than that . you be the first nice guy who ever like I . George soften , shift . he step toward the truck and gently close she door , so he 's stand close to she . erin I just ... do not know how to handle it . that 's all . he think about this . finally : GEORGE think you could learn ? erin ( with a smile ) you know I . I pick thing up real fast . he smile back at she , nod , then tenderly brushes a piece of hair out of she eye . GEORGE you should not be drive around , you know . you be sick . erin yeah , but I be gonna get better . a lot of this folk be not . he nod , understanding . then he tap the side of she truck and turn toward the motel room . she put the truck in gear and pull out . ext . hinkley , community boulevard - day Erin 's chevy be bombing down the road . int . erin be car , back seat - day there be two box there -- one full of unsign release form , the other empty . ext . donna' new house - day donna 's gardening out front , she head wrap in a scarf to cover she chemo-thinn hair , when Erin 's chevy pull into the driveway . Erin get out , go to the back of the truck , get two of the release form , then head over to donna . int . donna' house , live room - day Erin be sit with Pete and donna . donna I do not know , Erin -- the way he be talk to we , tell we everything be gonna be fine -- I just do not trust he . pete and after all we be through -- no jury , no appeal . it just make I nervous . erin I understand all that . and I do not wanna force you into anything . if you do not want to sign , that 's fine . but why do not we talk it over a little , cause I would sure hate for you to turn this down for the wrong reason . ext . donna' house - day the door open . Erin emerge , hold two sign agreement . donna be let she out . erin you would not happen to have a little time right now , would you , donna ? donna for what ? erin well , I be gonna head over to the Browns now . I be think -- Mandy really value you opinion ... int . mandy house , live room - day Erin , donna , Mandy , and Tom be seat on the sofa . Mandy sign a agreement . hand the pen to Tom , who also sign . ext . linwood ' house - day from outside , we see Erin at the kitchen table with donna and Bob and Ruth linwood , who be listen intently . int . desoto ' house - day Erin and donna be leave , say good - bye to Mary desoto . Erin have a sign release form in she hand . int . the back of erin be car - day DISCO blare . the two box . the formerly empty one now have a small stack of sign release form in it . the top one have Bob linwood 's signature . in the front seat Erin be drive , eat a hamburger , and go over she list of plaintiff . ext . hinkley mart - evening people be go about they shopping . rita Daniels be stop , talk with a few more plaintiff . rita I think so , too , but Erin say a trial 's gonna take year int . the back of erin be truck - night the sign stack have grow ; the unsign stack have shrink . Erin drop five more agreement into the " sign " box . int . erin' motel room - night in the wee hour . while she kid sleep , Erin sit at the cheap motel room table , go through she form , organize , alphabetize . int . erin' motel room - day close on erin , fast asleep at the table , she face press against the linoleum . there 's some noise in the room , whispering . Erin stir and look around to see George behind she , diaper Beth , while Matt and Katie put they shoe on . erin what time be it ? GEORGE Real early . we be just gonna take you car to get some breakfast . Erin force herself awake . erin no , I need my car -- GEORGE we will just be a minute . get a little more sleep . he pick up Beth , take Katie 's hand , and call across the room to Matthew . GEORGE c'mon , pal . leave that alone , we gotta go . Erin turn to see Matthew hold one of she release form . erin oh , baby , please do not play with that , okay ? I get them all organize . just put it back . but he 's read it . and something have catch he attention . he look up at Erin . matthew this girl 's the same age as I . Erin gently take the form away from Matthew , want to shield he from the harsh reality of this case . erin that 's right , sweetheart . she replace the form on top of the stack . matthew she 's one of the sick people ? erin yeah . she be . ( beat ) but you know what ? that 's why I be help she . so she can get some medicine to make she feel better . Matthew mull this over a bit more . matthew how come she own mom be not help she ? erin Cause she own mom 's real sick , too . Matthew think real hard about this , then head over to the door , where George , Beth , and Katie be wait for he . before he leave , though , he turn back to Erin . matthew maybe we will bring you back some breakfast . you want egg ? she look at the group of they , feel they shift toward acceptance . smile , move . erin egg would be great , baby . egg would be perfect . int . erin' truck - day Erin 's drive along a dusty hinkley road , eat cold egg out of a take - out container with she finger . ext . firehouse - day Morning . a group of men be arrive at work . Erin 's truck pull up . she grab some release form from the truck and wander up to the man . erin hey , y'all . how you all do today ? int . the back of erin' truck - day she toss eight more agreement in the sign stack . ext . hinkley elementary school - day Morning drop -off time . Erin be hand out release form zo a group of mother who just drop off they kid . ext . hinkley mart - night Erin be lean on the hood of she truck , go down she list of plaintiff , check off the one who have already sign . int . lost cause SALOON - day another day . Erin have set up shop here and be at a table with about five plaintiff , all read agreement . mike ambrosino enter . Erin spot he . erin Mike ! I be look all over for you . come here , I wanna talk to you . int . back of erin' truck - night the sign stack be get bigger . int . back of erin' truck - day and bigger . int . back of erin' truck - day and still bigger . ext . lost cause SALOON - night close on erin' trunk . a bunch more form get throw onto the sign stack , which be now much higher than the unsign . erin ( o.s. ) I be gonna head out to barstow and talk to some folk out there tonight . widen to reveal Erin talk on a nearby pay phone . GEORGE ( o.s. ) promise you will turn around if you get tired . erin I will . bye . she hang up . as she turn to get into she car , she find herself face - to- face with the man in the Dark glass . erin Jesus ! he 's just stand there , a foot away , block she exit . she recognize he truck as the one that chase she . erin okay , what be you gonna do ? you gonna kill I ? dump my body in a ditch somewhere ? or maybe you just wanna inject I with some poison too -- why change tactic at this stage of the game ? ( beat ) get outta my way , you make I sick . she push past he . but he grab she by the arm . he 's a big guy ; it 's a strong grab . now she 's scared . for a moment , he do nothing . just look at she . then : dark glass if pg&amp ; E make someone destroy a whole lot of document -- would that matter to you ? Erin take a beat , realize she completely misread he . she gently pull she arm away . erin well ... I guess that depend on what the document be . ( she take a beat ) I be sorry -- I do not get you name . dark glass embry . Charles embry . int . lost cause SALOON - night Erin and embry be the only patron . Erin 's eat a burger . embry have a beer . he 's talk quietly , not look at she . embry I be work in the compressor , and out of nowhere the supervisor call I up to the office and say , we be gonna give you a shredder machine , and send you on down to the warehouse . we want you to get rid of all the document store out there . erin do he say why ? embry nope . and I do not ask . erin do you get a look at the stuff you destroy ? embry well , it 's pretty boring work , shredd -- you gotta find some way to entertain you mind . so yeah , I take a look . erin and ...? embry there be a lot of dull stuff -- vacation schedule , the like . ( beat ) but then there be a few memo about the hold pond . the water in they . they have reading from test well , stuff like that . Erin try to hide she excitement at this information . erin and you be tell to destroy that ? embry that 's right . destruction of evidence . pretty big deal . Erin play it down . wipe she mouth with she napkin , take a sip of beer . embry course as it turn out , I be not a very good employee . erin what do you mean ? embry well . there be a few document that I somehow do not get around to shredd . ( beat ) that I keep instead . Erin stop , mid-bite . int . embry's garage - night he 's dig out a inch-high stack of document . Erin look they over , stunne . embry be stand apart from she , hand shove deep in he pocket . erin how come you do not say anything when you find this thing ? embry at the time , I think , I get six kid , some of them want to go to college . I can not afford to lose my job . I tell myself I be be honorable . ( beat ) but there 's nothing honorable in what I do . ( beat ) maybe that 's why they pick I for the job . maybe they know what kind of man I be . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , reception area - day rosalind be at the desk . Anna , Brenda , and Jane be help themselves to coffee . Erin enter , with a big box in she arm and a whole lot of attitude . erin hey , ros , where be they ? rosalind in the conference -- but Erin 's spot they and head off before rosalind can finish . Anna , Brenda and Jane notice the purpose in she gait . they watch she with interest . int . masry &amp ; vititoe , conference room - day the table be cover with box of document : the anticipate slew of paper that pg&amp ; E be send they . Ed , kurt , theresa , Andrew and about five paralegals be sifting through they . Erin breeze in like sunshine . erin Morning ! ed Erin ? what be you -- erin ( ignore Ed ) you know what , Mr. Potter ? I completely forget you birthday this year . and see as how you have be so good to I , I think that be a terrible oversight . so what I be do over the last few day be I have be put together a present for you . she plunk the box down on the table . Potter open the top of the box . look in . erin 635 . they all sign . every single one . in the doorway , Anna , Brenda and Jane appear , wonder what 's up . a huge smile of appreciation slowly spread across Ed 's face . ed Ho - ly - shit . erin oh , now do not get all jealous , Ed . I get a little something for you , too . Erin hand Ed a manila envelope . he open it . erin Internal pg&amp ; E document , all about the contamination . the one I like best say , and I be paraphrase here , but it say yes , the water 's poisonous , but it would be better for all involved if this matter be not discuss with the neighbor . it 's to the hinkley station , from pg&amp ; E headquarters . stamped receive , March , 1966 . Potter and theresa reel . Ed shake he head in disbelief . potter where do -- how do you do this ? erin well , what with I not have any brain or legal expertise , I just go on up there and perform sexual favor . 635 blow job in five day . whew , be I ever tired . and she strut out of the room , leave everyone slack - jaw . the clip clip clip of she heel carry she away . ext . masry &amp ; vititoe build , hallway - day Erin come out of the office , flushed with success , and head down the hall . she press the elevator button . the door open . as she step on , Ed come out of the office . ed hey ! Erin put she hand in the door , keep it from close . he stare at she , in awe . ed I do not know what to say . erin say you be wrong . ed I be wrong . erin say you shortchange I and you shortchange yourself . ed I do . both . erin say you would be the luckiest son of a bitch on Earth if I do not up and quit over all this . ed the luckiest son of a bitch in the universe , Erin . the luckiest son of a bitch in history . he look down the hall at she , stand so tall and proud in the elevator . he walk toward she , stop right outside the elevator . ed but I know you be not gonna quit on I . erin how do you know that ? ed ( with a smile ) Cause you get a little voice in you head say , do the right thing . give he another chance . of course she will . she release she hand so he will not see she smile . Ed watch the door close . dissolve to : ext . pch - day one of that day when the bay sparkles like a glitter ball . Erin 's chevy move up the pch . DISCO music emanate from it . int . erin' chevy - day Erin 's at the wheel . time have pass -- she hair 's a little different . she 's sing along with " funky town . " ext . beach parking lot - day Erin get out of she new truck , look , see the irving in a little cluster . donna 's under a umbrella . Pete be slather on sunscreen . the two girl zip out toward the water . Erin wave . Pete and donna spot she , wave back . ext . beach - later donna be stand at the edge of the water , watch she girl boogie board in . Erin come up behind she . erin how you feel today ? donna turn , see she . smile . donna it 's a good day . I feel good . erin well , then -- if you be feel up to it , maybe we should talk shop . Erin sit down on a rock . erin the judge come up with a number . donna a number for the whole group , or for we ? erin both . donna sit down next to she . erin he 's make they pay the maximum . tear of vindication spring to donna 's eye . donna oh , my God . erin and he 's make they give five million of it to you all . donna five million dollar ? erin five million dollar . she reel . after a breathless beat : donna I do not even know how much money that be . erin it 's enough -- for whatever you need , for whatever you girl need , for whatever you girl ' girl need -- it will be enough . donna wipe the tear off she face , then watch the light flicker off she girl play in the surf . donna I can put they in a good school . erin any school you want . donna and get someone to help around the house . erin yup . donna oh my God . oh my god. donna be overwhelm . Erin pull she close . donna oh , my God . ext . masry &amp ; vititoe's new office build - day now this be where the hot lawyer work . a gleam testament to power . int . masry &amp ; vititoe's new office - day box everywhere . they just move in . everyone be unpack at he or she desk . rosalind be man the new phone . rosalind masry &amp ; vititoe , can I -- shoot ! she lose they . her reaction indicate this be not the first time . the front door open and Erin enter . erin hey , ros . Nice view , huh ? rosalind yeah , I be gonna start sleep here . ( into phone ) masry &amp ; vititoe , can I -- damn it . ( call out ) do anyone know anything about this phone ? Erin head on down a hall to : int . ed' new office - day a beautiful corner office . Ed be unpack when Erin enter . erin careful you do not spit from here ; you could kill someone . ed you see you office ? erin yeah . your be nicer . ed oh , okay . here it come . erin here what come ? ed the extortion , the threat ... erin I be not gonna -- ed " I can always find someplace else to work . someplace that will pay I a fortune and give I a view of the french riviera ... " erin Ed , I swear , I be not -- ed okay , fine . Fine you back I into a corner again . you be hold I hostage ... he reach into he breast pocket , pull out a check . hand it to she . erin what be that ? ed take it . Erin do . look at it . her eye bug out . erin two million dollar ? ed the firm take in sixty . that 's three percent . seem like a fair bonus to I . she stare at it , speechless . he go back to unpack ed oh , now I suppose you be gonna say it 's not enough . well , tough , Erin . too goddamn bad . Cause this be absolutely , positively where I draw the line . fade out . the end