" escape from the planet of the ape " original screenplay by paul dehn base on character create by Pierre boulle final screenplay 28 , A-1 October 1970 apjac production Inc . revised 12/9/70 " escape from the planet of the ape " from black screen SHOCK -cut to extreme closeup : the explosion of rocket as we watch a it speed away from camera . CUT to : ext . spaceship ( stock ) it soar into space . int . orbiting spaceship through whose window the same light lividly illuminate three space- suite and helmete astronaut -- afraid and curiously hesitant at the control . we establish a dual date meter show the year in term both of " earth time " and " self -time . " both panel read : 3955 . astronaut 1 ( male ) we make it . astronaut 2 ( male ) so far . but one thing i8 for certain . whoever win the war , there will be no place on Earth for we . astronaut 3 ( female ) where be we go ? astronaut 2 ( male ) ( briskly ) probably to we death . but just possibly -- p.o.v. shot - earthas rim whiten to incandescence and a soundless explosion send a column of fire a mushroom up towards we . spaceship appall silence . through the ship 's window the astronaut be watch ( and we with they ) the nuclear disintegration of Earth . the incandescence almost burn through they space helmet . in awed voice : astronaut 2 the fool ... they have finally destroy themselves . astronaut 1 my God , the earth be no more . astronaut 3 and we have escape . the spaceship begin to shudder . astronaut 2 we have , if we survive the shock wave . the shock wave of the huge , megatonic explosion hit the spaceship from below . Chaos and pandemonium inside . we multiply normal air turbulence a thousandfold and be bashed , buffete , whirle , twirle , lift a hundred mile and drop fifty , before slowly flatten out to some semblance of equilibrium on ( presumably ) a new orbit . the date meter digit under " earth time " have begin to click and race erratically . astronaut 2 watch intently . astronaut 2 the shock must have unbalance the mechanism . I do not understand . now he turn to look at another dial . illuminated panel labele " automatic re-entry sequence " across it curve the descend graphline which trace optimum re-entry path . now the light begin to trace the spacecraft 's actual re-entry path , which sometimes slightly deviate to leave or right of the graphline but always approximately follow its course . astronaut 2 we have be force out of orbit . astronaut 1 ( look at panel ) we be descend . astronaut 3 but where ? the spacecraft be sear with flame and smoke as it plummet through space . the window fog and blacken . astronaut feverishly work at control to no response . long shot - spacecraft ( stock ) the fiery missile descend on we screen . flame and smoke leap at the window . descent be rapid , and suddenly through the blacken window the entry be complete for light can be see flicker through the char crack . subjective p.o.v . we descend rapidly to be swallow in a cloud bank . int . spacecraft shoot across the freeze astronaut , we see the date meter spin to a halt . earth time 1973 ship time 3955 e-5 subjective p.o.v. ( stock ) we be crash rapidly into the ocean . f-5 splashdown ( stock ) the spacecraft split the water into churn wave . then all be still . 6 earth - aerial shot - the pacific ocean - dusk we be watch it from the p.o.v. of a U.S. Marine helicopter pilot fly on normal coastal reconnaissance duty ; and the coast itself as plane bank to include it ) be California . all be peaceful , empty and desert . until ... pilot mildly react to a object beach on the tideline far below . his prop - blade louden as he go into a steep , investigatory dive . 7 from pilot be p.o.v . we zoom towards the float and still - unopen spaceship . 8 int . pilot' cabin as he flatten off and reascend : pilot ( radio-reporting ) Tower , this be Red Baron five . I have a object beach on the tide - line -- uh -- seemingly one of we spacecraft . coordinate be southeast corner of sector Alpha Charlie . relay this to appropriate recovery force . I have enough fuel to orbit for forty - five minute . please alert Red Baron ops and I will squawk Channel two for radar fix . CUT to : 9 int . ops room duty officer ( on phone ) rescue , we have Red Baron five report of possible spacecraft wash ashore in southeast sector Alpha Charlie . immediately launch two chopper to effect pickup and recovery . base radar will vector they to the location . 10 11 12 13 14 he pick up second phone and dial . duty officer the Colonel , please . ext . colonel' garden the colonel , among friend , be barbecue a steak on the lawn of he private quarter as the garden phone ring beside he . the roar of the o.s. helicopter pass overhead and the nature of the phone message itself distract he from the steak which , during the brief conversation 's course , be burnt to a cinder . as the helicopter recede : colonel I do not even know we have anything up . okay , I will call Washington . ( see burnt steak ) damn ! helicopter in flight office in WASHINGTON 3 -star general brody stand against wall map of splashdown area and bark into phone . brody no serial number ? ... well , it may have be burnt out on re-entry . ... no , neither do I . I will check with deputy director , NASA , and call you back . he cut the call to initiate a new one . ext . helicopter disgorge frogmen at spacecraft . first helicopter depart . office at cape kennedy intercutting deputy director with brody in Washington . deputy director ( civilian ) ( patiently ) General brody , I be tell you ... we have no spacecraft up . brody ( irritably ) you be tell I that what never go up can not come down . and I be tell you it just have . and now I be go to tell the President . CUT to : 15 ext . beach area military vehicle , combat Marines , truck , jeep , etc . swarm . 16 white house office the president be a articulate , unruffled professional politician with a flair for irony . into phone : CUT to : 17 ext . spacecraft president let we hope and pray that you be right , General . but I think we should be alert to a remoter possibility : that the Russians retrieve one of we miss space - ship and reman it with astronaut who have now accidentally splash down in we own territorial water . if they be alive , you may tell Colonel winthrop at El palomar to welcome they with caution . whether they be alive or not , have NASA go over that ship with whatever 's the scientific equivalent of a fine tooth comb . and until we know more , I want a full security clampdown on the entire operation . ( dryly ) you understand I , General . this be not for the network . be tow ashore by cable attach to truck winch . frogmen , beach . CUT to : 18 inside spaceship swim alongside , shout order to truck on its window still fogge and blacken ; the occupant still helmete . we hear 0.s. frogmen faintly shouting order from outside . astronaut 2 we be be pull . 19 20 21 22 23 24 frogman' voice ( 0.s. ) how the hell do you hold onto this thing . frogman' voice ( o.s . ) some frogman you be . he laugh . astronaut 1 they speak we language . at least they have intelligence . astronaut 2 ( urgently ) then at least let we conceal we intelligence from we captor . we safety may lie in silence . CUT to : ext . first helicopter return and land on beach . colonel emerge , with two aide , to view : ext . spacecraft at water' edge marine surround spacecraft at the ready the open of the spaceship' hatch we helmete astronaut emerge , descend ; and draw the selve up , line abreast , face : colonel and aide colonel welcome , gentleman . then they face stiffen in aghast astonishment , as we : CUT to : from there p.o.v . - the astronaut unhelmeted they be all chimpanzee . one of they ( milo ) be a character new to we series . the other two be cornelius and be wife zira . over they head we super : title and credit which continue over a : 25 montage A. credit : escape from the planet of the ape frozen shot of the three ape . B. credit : ( starring ) a shot of the Colonel and two aide . camera zoom into head shot of Colonel . c. credit : roddy mcdowall Close shot of cornelius . pull back to med. shot . he look off . D. credit : kim hunter camera pan to Zira . E. credit : brad dillman full shot - beach action . Colonel and two aide run towards jeep . f. credit natalie trundy Colonel in f£.g. reach for phone in jeep . two aide in b.g . G. credit : eric braeden General brody reacting to news on telephone ( freeze frame ) . H. credit : ( co- starring ) deputy director , NASA , reacting to news ( freeze frame ) . i. credit : support cast President of the U.S. reacting to the news ( freeze frame ) . jd . credit : ricardo montalban as armando full shot - ops room receive news on teletype . K. credit : music - jerry goldsmith tighter shot - ops room - activity on phone . L. credit : photography - joe biroc full shot - security gate . truck and ambulance enter air base . M. credit : art direction , etc . Security gate be close Zoom into off - limit sign . n. credit : makeup design and film editor full shot - truck and ambulance arrive at air base depot . oo . credit : unit manager , etc . ambulance be open to admit ape-onaut . py credit : panavision , etc . by soldier to guardhouse ( director 's note : possible two shot ) . q. credit : associate producer low-b truck carry spacecraft . R. credit : written by tighter shot on move truck carry spacecraft . ss. credit : produced by Jeep arrive at air base depot . aide to Colonel enter building . T. credit : direct by Colonel and aide emerge from building head towards guardhouse . montage end . 26 ext . marine base - colonel and aide who be carry a large paperbag , as they walk past headquarters building . colonel do you call the Zoo ? aide yes , sir . we be in luck . the sick bay 's almost empty except for a maul fox cub , a deer with pneumonia , and a depressed gorilla . the ape will be hide from the public . they will be quarantine . if they want medical attention , it 's available on the spot . and the expert can start give they the once - over first thing in the morning . General brody 's very pleased . colonel I , too . can not have a lot of monkey make mess in the guardhouse . have we feed they ? like raw steak or something ? aide the Zoo tell I that chimpanzee , like all ape , be vegetarian , sir . colonel good God . aide ( indicate paper bag ) they suggest orange . they have reach : 27 ext . guardhouse whose door be unlock by a obviously shake marine m.p . colonel what 's the matter ? marine m.p. helplessly usher they into : 28 int . guardhouse its rear section ( behind bar ) be furnish with austere but serviceable bed , chair , table and a wash sink with plate and cutlery in rack above . on the floor : a capacious rawhide valise , from which zira ( glove and shod ) have extract a robe into which she be change . her discard space suit lie at she foot . milo and cornelius have already change . they space suit be hang neatly from wall hook . at colonel be entry , milo and cornelius rise courteously to they foot , while zira struggle hastily into she robe . from the threshold : colonel ( automatically ) Excuse I . I do not mean to disturb .... ( aghast to aide ) what be I say ? aide they're ... pretend to dress . colonel what d' you mean , pretend ? they be dress . where would they get that clothes ? marine m.p. ( indicate valise ) they bring they with they , sir . ( gulp ) in a suitcase . colonel suit ....? ( with a effort ; to aide ) greg , give they they orange . aide advance cautiously with paper bag . 29 master shot we hold colonel and marine m.p. talk in f.g. , while aide proffer orange ( which the trio gracefully accept ) in b.g . zira , hold she orange , have go straight to the sink rack , from which she take three plate , three knife and three fork . colonel ( not notice ; to Marine m.p. ) arrange prisoner escort for 16:30 hour ... zira distribute plate and cutlery to milo and cornelius . to aide 's astonishment , the ape draw up chair and sit round the table . colonel ( not notice ; to aide ) we be send they to the Zoo infirmary . the ape start meticulously quartering they orange on they plate with they knife . colonel ( still to aide ) they will have company . there 's a gorilla in the next cage . zira , overhear this , react violently ; rise , pick up she plate and hurl it to the ground . colonel ( look round at last ) now why the hell do it do that ? the full implication of the plate and the knife only strike he as we : CUT to : int . zoo infirmary - night we start on close shot of the deer with pneumonia , cradle under ultraviolet lamp which ( as we pull back ) prove to be the huge , clinically furnish room 's only light source -- for the sick animal must get they rest . we pan past a recumbent camel and the maul fox cub , into whose small sleep body the rubber tube of a suspend flask be intravenously drip plasma ; and end on a white - coat keeper ( with flashlamp ) inspect we ape trio , now install in one of two large , contiguous cage at the dim room 's center : straw for they to lie on ; a bowl of water for drink ; and a generous supply of orange and bananas , one of which he cautiously proffer to zira through the bar , while playfully patting she head . zira react the banana and slap he face . taken aback but still amicably : keeper have it you own way , mate . clang ! he lock they in and exit . when the light from he flashlamp have fade to near- darkness , we hear a outer door more distantly lock . zira ( outrage whisper to cornelius ) I be not he mate . I be yours . cornelius Zira , please control yourself . I think they be try to be kind . zira this cage stink of gorilla . she sit down disconsolately on the straw . instantly cornelius sit by she and take she hand . in undertone : zira cornelius -- where be we ? what 's happen ? cornelius helplessly shrug . from the shadow , very softly : milo I know where we be . I know what have happen . zira and cornelius stare at he . milo in some fashion -- and I lack the intellect to know precisely how -- we have travel from Earth 's future into Earth 's past . cornelius but we see Earth destroy . milo and Earth will be destroy -- just as we see it . only , since flee it , we have pass through a.... backward disturbance in time -- do you notice the date meter click down after the shock wave hit we ship ? -- and we have return to Earth almost two thousand year before its destruction . ( solemnly ) that be another reason for keep silence . we human captor would not be edify to know that , one day , they world will crack like a egg and fry to a cinder , because of a ape war of aggression . his low tone have become just emphatic enough to disturb : 31 gorilla in next cage it shift , grunt and whimper uneasily . 32 back to scene the trio react . we close to : fade out fade in milo ape , at this instant in time , can not yet talk . for the moment , we should follow they example . 33 ext . zoo - misty morning shot ( 6:00 a.m . ) we hear occasional call of a tropical early bird , and close to two human early bird : lewis dixon , a young animal psychiatrist , and he pretty ( female ) research assistant , stevie . as they walk : he hesitates . lewis ( feel in pocket ) the driver bring e report from the Air base. ( scan it ) the usual imitatory behavior ... mimick salute ... hand -shake ... sit on chair ... eat off plate with knife ... but -- a- 33 b-33 stevie what , Lewis ? lewis there be a sort of carpetbag in the ship . stevie with food ? lewis no -- clothes . stevie , they change into they . stevie I do not believe it . but he reaction say it be true . we have reach the infirmary 's main ( open ) door which be guard by two soldier . stevie what be they do here ? lewis Security . ( undertone ) join the Marines and see the Zoo ... pass between the soldier , they enter : int . infirmary corridor they don white smock ( mark with they own name ) hang from wall hook ; walk past the sick deer and the fox under treatment in small box - cage against the wall ; and enter : MAIN room - double cage in one half of the cage sleep the depressed gorilla ; in the other half , very much awake , sit cornelius and zira stare at the Intelligence test apparatus . outside the cage stand keeper . lewis good morning , Arthur . arthur hi , Dr. dixon ..... Dr. branton . we ape survey they stonily . arthur ( finger bruise on cheek ) the female 's a bit uppity , sir . lewis okay , I will be careful . we will start with the Wisconsin multiphasic . stevie open the cage . lewis go easy , stevie . stevie they look pretty docile . lewis yes , but do not take any chance . the Wisconsin multiphasic be a screen which can be lower and raise ( like a window shade ) between the investigator on one side and the subject on the other . zira wink knowledgeably at cornelius . milo gesture she into more discreet behavior . keeper set up apparatus during : lewis ( to stevie ) unless the spacecraft be remotely control , they must have be condition to press at least some of the right button . they can not be moron . ( to keeper ) the female first , Arthur . and set up tic-tac-toe . to everyone 's surprise and keeper 's relief , zira promptly squat down on she side of the raise screen . the hyper-cautious milo disapprovingly shake he head . lewis raise screen and display a single red cube for three second before lowering screen to mask zira 's view . when he raise it again , he be simultaneously display a blue pyramid , a green cone , a yellow sphere , a blue cube , a red octahedron and the red cube . zira instantly select the red cube , which she offer courteously back to lewis . lewis give a astonished whistle . stevie , too , react in amazement . lewis she seem to be pretty smart . all right -- let 's make it difficult . he lower the screen , and ready a assortment of five color block , then raise the screen only for a second , then lower it . he now add additional block to make it a even dozen , and break up the pattern of five previously see by zira . now , almost smugly , he raise the screen , but any superiority he may have feel be quickly erase as zira swiftly select the original five block . lewis be dumbfounded , stevie drop she notebook and the keeper stare in utter disbelief . now , lewis pull the drawer out from the table , and we see that slot for all twelve block have be carve in the bottom . no slouch zira . she deftly and swiftly fit all twelve block into they proper nich . whereat she rise to she foot , clasp hand over she head like a boxer acknowledge victory . cornelius respond with mirth , but milo shake he head . lewis have rise at this interplay between the ape and now question the keeper quietly . lewis they have not eat this morning ? arthur not a bite .... just as you order . lewis good . we will go for the banana ... scatter about the cage be a number of oddly construct wooden box , all gaily paint . stevie now add several more , as arthur tug on a rope pulley to lower a banana from the top of the cage . this be a test unfamiliar to zira , who respond to its challenge . she speculatively eye the banana ; then stoops to prowl among the box , which she carefully examine without touch they . then she straighten ... and think . the tension be insupportable . suddenly zira , move into action , interlock all the box so that they form a somewhat eccentric staircase lead to the banana . have do so , she ascend the " stair , " sit on the top , and stare smugly at the banana , now only inch from she nose . stevie why do not she take it ? zira because I loathe and detest bananas . cornelius Zira ! as though in a slow nightmare , stevie sag and faint . somehow , lewis catch she and lower she to the cage floor . somehow , keeper sluice water from the drink bowl over she upturn race . as she recover : 34 35 lewis ( sweat ) help I get she away . I will come back . jointly support stevie , they leave the cage , which keeper lock . out ape trio we stay with : milo Zira , be you mad ? cornelius Dr. milo , please do not call my wife mad . milo ( evenly ) I do not call she mad . I merely ask she if she be . and I repeat the question . ( to Zira ) be you mad ? zira I hate deceit . milo there be a time for truth and a time , not for lie , but for silence . until we know who i8 we friend and who we enemy -- zira and how in the name of God be we to know that , unless we communicate ? we can speak . so I speak . milo we can also listen cornelius to a lot of psychiatric small talk -- milo and we can watch ... cornelius a display of primitive apparatus -- zira ( kick the apparatus ) primitive ? its prehistoric . it 36 to : could not test the intelligence of a newt . she kick the apparatus again , and it collapse . the gorilla in the next cage give a disturb grunt . cornelius Zira , calm yourself -- zira I be calm . she knock another piece of apparatus endway . now even milo 's self - control snap . he stalk to the side bar and ( with eye screw shut in frustration ) briefly but fiercely shake they before spin round , with back press against the bar , to glare at he two tormentor . we shoot at and past he into the next cage where the gorilla now shamble to its foot and slowly advance from b.g. , during : milo stop argue . it 's too late for that . his body mask the gorilla 's crouch and stealthy approach from they -- but not from we . milo use you head and start think . now that they know we can speak , how much shall we tell they ? ow -- zira ( scream ) milo-o-o ! through the bar two hairy hand converge on milo 's throat and strangle he to death . the roaring of the gorilla , the throttle cry of milo and zira 's scream combine to launch : various zoo shot of alarmed bird and beast as panic briefly infect the Zoo. e.g. , a sleep owl open huge eye ; crane cry ; mallard take off from pool ; seal cough ; ape gibber ; tiger snarl ; lion roar , and elephant trumpet . we might ( instead of separate each cry overlay sound cumulatively so that each new noise be add to its predecessor , as we build visually and aurally to a massive and bestial crescendo before : CUT back 37 the cage the " panic " be over . outside , stevie ( shake but recover ) confer with lewis . as keeper 1 and 2 lift a blankete stretcher and carry milo 's body out of shot : lewis we shall want a full autopsy ... stevie with particular emphasis on the cranial and oral area . lewis keep he in cold storage till the report in . then send he to taxidermy . ( wryly ) he 's a museum piece . a low moan turn they head toward the cage 's interior . zira sit crouch in a corner , she head in she hand and rock from side to side . cornelius be comforting she . lewis ( to stevie ) I would better do this alone . she nod and stay outside the cage , which lewis enter . he look compassionately at the two huddle ape , the straw , the orange peel , the bananas , the abandon Intelligence test apparatus . lewis ( gently ) we mean you no harm . silence and stillness . lewis do you understand ? we mean you no harm . slowly and bitterly , zira point a ironic and accuse finger at the next cage , where a anesthetize and chain gorilla slump in the shadow . lewis but he be not we . he 's you own kind . zira ( angrily on she foot in a flash ) he 's a gorilla . as cornelius soothes she : lewis I mean he 's of you race . he 's a ape. look . you do not have to be afraid . we have put he in chain and under sedation . do you understand that ? zira I should . I have be do it half my life to human . lewis ( dumb found ) human ? zira ( as though this explain everything ) I be a psychiatrist . a second shock . lewis cover daze eye with he hand and , after a struggle , regains he self - control . lewis so be I . and I mean you no harm . cornelius ( at last ) we know that . lewis , over one hurdle , exhales . lewis do you have a name ? cornelius my name be cornelius . and this be Zira -- my wife . lewis my name be Lewis -- Lewis dixon he diffidently extend a hand , cornelius take it . zira do not . lewis nobody 's go to believe it . cornelius believe what ? lewis that primitive ape can talk . zira ( furious ) primitive ? lewis ( quick smile ) I mean that in we ' primitive 's civilization , ape just do not talk . I mean I think it 's important that , when we ' primitive 's security precaution be lift , the first time you say something in public you should talk to what we ' primitively ' call the right people . zira give he a long , search look ... and smile . zira May I say something personal ? lewis ( smile back ) please zira I like you . lewis look gratefully from she to : cornelius I do from the beginning . to be continued ...