escape from L.A. screenplay by John carpenter darkness a pound , metallic beat begin . twist of sound in a tightrope rhythm . the snap of a military snare drum . superimpose : " 1998 " female narrator force hostile to the United States grow strong in the late 20th century . a dark tableau - CITY STREET - los angele - night graffiti-smeared wall . fire raging . Automatic weapon fire . shadowy figure dash through the southern California night . female narrator a great moral crisis grip the nation as social revolution and a breakdown of the criminal justice system threaten society . a line of policemen - night they stand like sentinels . Black uniform . Battle helmet . gleaming military assault weapon . bullet - proof shield with large emblem : the american eagle against a red background , and in bold letter underneath , " the UNITED states police force " . female narrator to protect and defend its citizen , the United States Police Force be form . a glowing holographic map of Los Angeles , on the coast of southern California . superimpose : " 1999 " female narrator the population of Los Angeles grow to 40 million . the city be ravage by crime and immorality . a presidential candidate predict a millennium earthquake will destroy the city in divine retribution . the map of L.A. now glow a dark red . ext . downtown los angele skyline - day a hot summer 's day . heat ripple distort the tower shadow building in the dense smog . female narrator a earthquake measure 9.6 on the richter scale hit at 12:59 p.m. , August 23rd , in the year 2000 . suddenly we be hit by the loudest , booming , roll concussion you have ever hear . the building begin to shake , sway wildly . the bonaventure Hotel implode , collapse inward in the thudding , slamm freight train of a earthquake . the 4 - level interchange as the Santa monica freeway shatter , crumble , pull exit ramp , car , tree , and nearby building with it . sequence of rapid cut building shaking . street buckle . Cars roll , crash . people run . Gas main explode . building convulse and drop like tinder against a inferno . the santa monica pier as the tsunami sweep in from the ocean , smack into the shoreline like the hammer of God , plunging we into darkness . female narrator after the devastation , the constitution be damned , and the newly elect President accept a lifetime term of office . holographic map of the United States . a line track along the mexican border , like the Berlin Wall . female narrator fearing a massive terrorist invasion from South America , the United States prepare for war . the great Wall be build along the southern border , cut off the flow of illegal alien . wham ! a torch - lit landscape - night the ruin of L.A. rubble , smoke , a lethal wasteland . a army of terrifying figure climb atop a mountain of debris . they raise they weapon into the night sky . female narrator Street gang , South american terrorist and the criminally insane capture Los Angeles , the once - great City of angel . zoom into a holographic map of l.a a unrecognizable L.A. after the big one . surrounded by water , L.A. be now a island off the new western shore , tilting on the edge of the continental plate . female narrator now a island on the border of civilization , L.A. be a no- man 's land of chaos , anarchy and darkness . a red line track along the mountainous area surround the island , define the perimeter of the armed fortress . Police firebase and gun emplacement be indicate in the San Gabriel Mountains . female narrator the United States Police Force , like a army , be encampe in the San Gabriel Mountains . zoom into L.A. from the glow , outline canyon come the cry of rage of a million lose soul . female narrator the President 's first act as permanent Commander - in - Chief be directive 17 : protect and defend the United States from this island of the damned , Hell on Earth . black screen superimpose : " 2013 - now " ext . dark ocean - night traveling shot low , across the top of the water 's surface . climb up the side of a massive , rusted supertanker , abandon , year ago . break over the railing to reveal a gigantic neon sign which scream " new las vega . " the supertanker have be transformed into a float resort . the camera increase speed , move past huge billboard display gigantic glitzy ad : " nuclear night in havana " - a extravaganza with fabulous showgirl and laser recreation of fidel 's final night . " museum of night club art " - a virtual reality tour feature legendary Vegas entertainer . " free enterprise world " - a virtual disneyland for the whole family . now camera fly low through glitter street and back alleyway fill with gambler , neon and glitz . ext . alley - new las vega , 2013 - night a alley strangle with tourist , gambler , hooker , hustler , and con man - professional expatriate from the West mingling with excited visitor from all over the world . superimpose : " new las vega off the coast of seattle thursday 0330 hour g.m.t . " a salesman with a chin-mike speak non-stop , unintelligible chinese . a frenzied crowd gather around he , wave money , place bet . two man sit at either end of a long table . they be in deep shadow , face each other . we only get glimpsis of they : one fat . mirrore sunglass . chinese . his finger tap on the table . a cockroach scurries past . ammo belt . a sheathed combat knife the size of you arm . .45 automatics in holster . the other , dress in black . a eye-patch . dangerous . a flash of two six - gun in holster . a futuristic gunfighter . the cockroach dash past he finger . whap ! he squash it . the crowd go nut , place bet , yell and scream in a dozen language . the salesman place three different shape , clear shot glass in front of the two man . then he lean over to ... a vat of poisonous snake . he reach in , grab a cobra , pull it out . the cobra hiss and squirm . deftly , the salesman continue to talk non-stop into he chin-mike as he milk the cobra venom into the first glass . he pull out a ice-pick , jab it into the snake 's throat , and bleed a thick green - white liquid into the second glass . finally , he slit open the cobra with a large knife , and cut out the heart and liver . toss aside the dead snake , the salesman squeeze the heart and liver with he finger . the juice drip into the third glass . now the salesman stir the glass . the poison be clear . the blood be milky - green . the heart and liver be red . he place the glass on the table between the two man . the two man stare at each other , motionless . the crowd continue place bet at a fevere pitch . a titanium white tube float above the center of the table . a laser beam of light shine from one end . the salesman lean over and flick on side with he finger , send the tube spin on its axis like a bottle , the light circle the room before stop on the fat man 's forehead . the fat man reach slowly toward the glass . his hand shake slightly . he hesitates . finally he take the glass with the red liquid ( the heart and liver ) , lift it to he lip , pause , then gulp it down . the crowd explode . more bet . the salesman lean over and spin the light tube again , this time it land on something black , a eye-patch . pull back to reveal a man with a eye-patch . the man with the eye-patch reach forward , he hand pause between the remain two glass . he take the one fill with milky - green blood and downs it fast . the crowd roar . one glass leave . the two man stare at it intently . the salesman spin the light tube with more force than before . it circle again and again , slow down , speed up , finally stop on the fat man . the salesman begin yell over the din of the crowd , shouting at the fat man . the fat man reach for the glass of clear poison . his tremble finger hover above it . then he quickly withdraw he hand . the crowd react , boo , as ... the man with the eye-patch smile . a slightly , cynical smile . and without hesitation , he reach out , grab the glass of poison , and drink it down . the crowd surge forward , but the salesman stop they with a sweep of he arm . all bet be off . the two man stand from the table . take several step away toward the end of the alley . stand face each other . two gunfighter . flashes of the two man . a piece of a black military boot . a hand position over a six -shooter . mirrore sunglass . a sweaty , tremble lip . and the eye-patch man 's one good eye , blue and clear , stare - hard and calm as a sunny day ... the draw . it happen in a instant . the alley thunder with gunfire . the gun buck and flash . then silence . the two man stand there for a beat , until one of they , the fat man , slump , fall face first into the alley , dead . the crowd go completely ape shit as snake plissken emerge from the shadow of the alley , holster he gun , grab he take of the money ... snake plissken . Long hair . a black eye-patch . a tight - lipped grimace . the impression of coiled aggression and intense cynicism . the toughest , most dangerous man on planet earth . a legend . plissken stroll out of the alley into the crowd . he count he money , pocket it , as a cigarette girl approach he . plissken stop she , pay for a pack of cig . as she eye he ... closeup of plissken' arm ... the cigarette girl touch he , prick he skin with she fingernail . a drop of blood appear . plissken turn , stare after she , as the sound of helicopter rise from above in the night sky . the crowd suddenly start to disperse . helicopter searchlight blast down on the street . plissken be suddenly catch in the glare . he start to move away ... kaclang ! out of the blackness above a huge steel net drop out of nowhere . the net slam down on top of plissken , trapping he , drive he down to the pavement with its weight ... plissken struggle inside the net as black figure - United States Police Force officer - rush toward he , grab the net , tightening it . more cop move for he as we slowly fade to black ... superimpose : " L.A. friday 1900 hour " ext . containment wall - firebase seven - L.A. - night searchlight sweep down across a column of policeman march past a concrete wall . camera begin to crane up the wall . sound of roaring turbine . the howl of the Santa Ana wind . camera reach the top of the wall . armed police troops stand on the battlement . across what look like a ocean be l.a . the view be from the newhall pass . Hidden by the Santa monica Mountains , L.A. glow in the distance with a hundred fire . smoke surge from the jag horizon . above , the sky be a angry orange . another angle - top of the wall res sensor light glow in evenly space interval . searchlight sweep into the darkness . cannon be in place every 200 foot , manned by police guard . ext . san fernando sea - night Water stretch into blackness . this be once the San Fernando Valley , but now it 's all underwater . piece of debris - top of building , the tail of a airplane , a radio tower - stick up above the surface . we can make out the letter of a old , half - sink sign : " san fernando valley mall " ext . the wall - night the wall stretch to the northwest up to the Santa susanna pass . portion of the 118 freeway arch up out of the water . ext . firebase seven - behind the wall - night firebase Seven be a fortify base camp in the San Gabriel Mountains . it be a sprawling police complex with low concrete bunker , gun emplacement , satellite communication , vehicle , troops , the work . on a large asphalt field , opposite the main complex be rotor City - row after row of black , multi-blade , totally evil police battle helicopter park like giant bug on the ground . a throng of policeman gather at the edge of rotor City yell and cheer , they fist in the air . cop with camcorder videotape the event . a police anchor report ... police anchor he 's be the Force 's most want man for 10 year . convict of 27 moral crime . I can tell you , the excitement around here be ... ( a great roaring skyward ) here he come ! a massive 7 - rotored , 40 -bladed helicopter transport come slamm down out of the black sky and land . the grow crowd of cheer cop go nut like fan at a football game . they slap hand , dance wildly . int . command hq - MAIN control room - night a mammoth room fill with high - tech instrumentation . a glow holographic map of L.A. fill one wall . most of the control personnel have leave they work station and gather around tv set all show the Police Channel : a view of the helicopter transport sit on the asphalt and the cheer crowd at the edge of rotor City . a tall , steel - face officer sit at he desk . this be firebase Commander mac " big dog " malloy . hard , battle weary feature . brazen , a section Lieutenant , come up . brazen Commander malloy . they be bring he out , sir . malloy rise from he chair , step to a nearby tv set , watch the scene from the Police Channel . malloy so we finally get he . ext . rotor CITY - night the crowd of cop be grow to a frenzy of wild anticipation . police anchor hold one ! the door be open ! the door of the helicopter transport slowly lower like a drawbridge . out of its black belly come ... snake plissken . a steel collar be clamp around he neck . eight length of chain stretch to eight armed guard who escort plissken down the ramp . plissken be bruise , badly beat and torture , he face a mess , but he do not seem to care . a line of battle - ready cop stand with they gun aim right at plissken 's head as he be march into camp . a army of camcorder move ahead of the Police anchor as he scamper along in front of plissken , interview he . police anchor hello , plissken . welcome to L.A. celebrate cop cheer as plissken be lead to ... a sign above a concrete bunker - deportation CENTER the bunker have one large open , into which hundred of deportee march . Guards in tower monitor the condemn as they trudge out of fence - in containment area , down wall corridor to the bunker entrance . the deportee be minority , the poor , prostitute , pimp , thief , adulterer , atheist - the morally guilty , outcast of society . single mother carry baby . teenage runaway huddle together . there be abortion doctor , drug dealer , pornographer , the prisoner of a massive cultural war . as plissken be march toward the entrance , a loudspeaker blare out : police voice ( v.o. ) you be now enter the deportation Center . you have be find guilty of moral crime against the United States of America . a great cheer go up from the cop as the Police anchor conduct he interview ... police anchor S.D. Bob plissken . special force , Black Light , Texas Thunder . two purple heart . youngest man ever decorate by the President . plissken 's face remain so impassive as to be almost blank . int . sodium vapor corridor - deportation CENTER - night a glow , vaporous - orange corridor . more cop gather to watch plissken as he be escort into the bowel of the deportation Center . police anchor you have be convict of 27 moral crime , plissken . the murder of a Internal Revenue agent . the kidnap of a bank president . gun fight for profit . the list go on and on ... int . concrete hallway - deportation CENTER - night deeper into the deportation Center . camera track along the deportee , some bleed , some wrap in rag . plissken , the Police anchor , camcorder and the armed escort move through the dark , low concrete passageway . police anchor you use to respect the law . served you country like no man before you . role model to a generation . the Police anchor lean in as close as he dare to plissken 's face . police anchor what happen to you , war hero ? you be the best we have . steel -walled hallway - deportation CENTER - night steel wall . deeper into the deportation Center . the deportee here be in worse shape . some appear to be dead . plissken and he entourage continue along , as the speaker echoe a pre-record message ... police voice ( v.o. ) you be sentence to permanent expulsion beyond the border of the U.S. you now have the option to repent of you sin and be electrocute on the premise . if you elect this option , notify the cleric sergeant in you Processing Area . plissken and he entourage pass deportee kneel and praying in front of cloak cleric cop , government holy man . Beyond , through open doorway , see death row deportee be strapped into futuristic electric chair . police anchor the whole world 's watch . every good and decent person who work and hard and follow the rule . what would say to they ? plissken 's expression be blank . police anchor what would you say to all of we who believe in you , who look up to you , who think you stand for right over wrong , good over evil ? be my guest . what do you have to say , plissken ? plissken ( beat ) call I snake . the guard move plissken through a doorway , and the huge steel door slam shut on the Police anchor and the camcorder . int . corridor - processing area - night malloy , brazen , and a 3rd man , tall , charismatic , grim , move urgently along a corridor . brazen comstat do a psychosearch on he . use a database of 5 million sociopathic personality . he hit the bottom of the curve . malloy perfect for the mission . nobody else can pull it off - not a army , not a man . brazen Zero emotional development . total lack of compassion . a highly develop psychopathic instinct to survive . 3rd man let 's get this over with . int . concrete cell - night the cell door slam shut . plissken turn around . writ and leg iron . he look around . in the concrete cell he see a simple table with a overhead light above it . a watch lie on the table . plissken shuffles over , pick up the watch , examine it . the cell door open . malloy , brazen , and the 3rd man enter the room unarm . the door close . malloy and brazen move forward , to the edge of the light . the 3rd man stay back in the shadow by the door . malloy how you doin ' plissken ? ( no reply ) you like the watch ? plissken you asshole do not bring I here to give I this for 20 year of dedicated service . what 'ya want ? malloy look back to the 3rd man in the shadow ... 3rd man get to it . malloy raise a control unit , push the button . the light go down and a computer - enhance image appear on the wall ... int . prototype defense lab - surveillance camera from the point of view of a surveillance camera . the lab be huge . bank of processor , disk drive , test bay , prototype assembly area . High tech . a group of government official be be give a tour . utopia , 17 , the President 's daughter be among they . pretty , virginal , she wear a " true Love wait " button on she flower dress . malloy at 1030 hour Wednesday , a group of government official begin a tour of the livermore Defense Lab . the President 's daughter , utopia , be among they . plissken continue to watch the image on the wall ... malloy a hour later , she board Air Force 3 to Washington . the 3rd man react as the image in front of plissken change ... int . MAIN cabin of 747 - camcorder from the point of view of a camcorder . utopia stand inside the main cabin of a plush , government 747 . in one hand she hold a black anodize box the size of a transistor radio with a button on top . in the other , a machine gun . utopia ( to the camcorder ) to the american people - it be time to rise up and demand the surrender of the President and he corrupt theocracy of lie and terror . malloy at 1140 hour , she hijacked the plane . we scan the videotape on vr . check it out . Inside the surveillance room the President stare grimly as malloy press a button . suddenly the image in front of plissken spread out all around he . he be in a virtual reality re-creation . int . MAIN cabin of 747 - virtual reality plissken stand manacle in the main cabin . a group of secret service man and congressman watch as a flight attendance operate a camcorder . he 's videotape utopia as she rant into the camera . she 's pent up with such anxiety she 's like a panther in a cage . utopia today be Day one of a brand new world . the day of the empire be finish . ( beat ) to the President - my father , you know what this be . she hold up the anodize box with the red button and thrust it at the camcorder . utopia you know what it will do . unless you abdicate you throne by tomorrow night , I will use it - on you . congressman utopia , please . give we the prototype . if something should happen - utopia it will be in my hand - and the hand of my lover . she say " lover " with all the drama a 17 - year - old virgin can muster . the other be shocked . utopia yes , my lover . my man . the only real man I have ever know . I be on my way to he arm . she move to the rear of the main cabin , bend down , open a small hatch in the floor , scramble down ... wham ! the vr image suddenly disappear and plissken be again stand inside the concrete cell . malloy and brazen stand in front of he . malloy somehow during the tour , she come into possession of a prototype transmit device . we do not know how . brazen utopia become depressed after she mother 's suicide , begin to withdraw into she virtual reality simulator . she would punch up she own little world in cyberspace and stay in it for day at a time . ( hit a button ) somebody else be in there with she . a image appear in front of plissken : a computer- render vr picture of cloud and sunshine , green grass and happy animal frolick . a Garden of eden . there , come toward we , be cuervo jone . South american terrorist . fiercest warrior of the third World . he wear a gleam ancient Aztec battle helmet . bandolier strapped around he . malloy cuervo Jones . shine path . peruvian terrorist . run the biggest baddest gang in l.a . cuervo Jones take off the helmet he be blindingly handsome , charismatic . he smile , reach out he arm to camera as if to embrace it . the image suddenly pop back to the beginning - it 's on a loop . the image disappear . the light in the cell come up . brazen utopia make tape of she vr experience , then try to erase they . she miss this fragment on the end of she last tape . cuervo Jones must have tapped into the vr master data bank - and then go prowling around for innocent blood , someone vulnerable to corrupt . utopia be lonely , look for something to believe in . plissken sad story . you get a cigarette ? malloy shut up , plissken . plissken what 's the little black box do ? malloy top secret . only on a need to know . plissken and I do not need to know . so fuck you , I be goin ' to Hollywood . malloy that 's right , big shot . unless you do what we want you be not come back . plissken so what 's the deal , huh ? go into L.A. , find the President 's daughter , secure the box , and bring them both out - and I be free ? malloy that 's the deal . plissken tell the President to adopt . I think I will like l.a . after a couple of beat , the 3rd man appear next to malloy and brazen . he stare at plissken for a moment , hold up some papers . 3rd man if you bring out the prototype , you will receive a full pardon for every immoral act you have ever commit in the United States . just like in ' 97 . remember New York , plissken ? plissken ( look at he ) who be you ? malloy it 's the President , for Christ 's sake ! president I give you my word . put the prototype into my hand , and you be a free man . plissken I can see you be real concerned about you daughter . president utopia be lose to I . my daughter be go . plissken well , I will think it over . president you be run out of time . plissken I have be doin ' that all my life . might as well do it in l.a . everybody else there be . malloy well , enjoy it , war hero , cause you get 10 hour to live . malloy , brazen , and the President turn to leave ... plissken wait a minute , what be you talkin ' about ? malloy have second thought ? plissken maybe . but you be not put any shit in I this time . malloy you do not understand . it 's already in you . plissken' face as a image of the cigarette girl in New Las Vegas flash suddenly . her fingernail scratch he arm . he tighten . malloy the cigarette girl in New Vegas be a undercover cop . she injected you with incentive toxin . right now it 's swim in you bloodstream . it will start to take effect in 9 hour . brazen it 's a strain of the plutoxin 7 virus . genetically engineered . 100 % pure death . complete nervous system shutdown . you crash and bleed out like a stick pig . not a pretty sight . plissken take a step toward he . malloy hold up a large hypodermic . malloy of course there 's a anti-toxin . neutralizes the virus immediately upon injection . ( beat ) we will give it to you , but you have to do we this little favor . two beat ... ... and then plissken attack the President , hurl himself across the room , throw the chain around the President 's neck ... plissken pass right through the President , cause he image to waver slightly , then fall on he ass . president do not think we be that stupid , do you ? int . surveillance room the real malloy , brazen , and President stand in front of a laser camera in a small room offer a view of the cell through a transparent portion of the wall . malloy we be holograph . inside the cell plissken stare at the three image in front of he , then at the camera lens on the wall ... plissken get this crap out of I . malloy I guess we have a deal . Nice to be work with you , plissken . plissken ( beat ) call I snake . int . briefing room - command hq - night plissken check through various tactical survival item and weapon laid out on a table . brazen watch as malloy show shim a high tech submachine gun . brazen very sweet little weapon . core burner . magnesium ammo. 500 extra round . ( move on ) two 9 mm handgun . ( hold up a silver pill ) oral projectile . mouth dart . hold it in you mouth for ten second , the coating dissolves , it become a weapon . malloy break open the silver pill . Inside be 's small , lethal look dart . brazen urolite . it will stun the enemy for several second . plissken pick up a small , computerize compass . malloy tracer . utopia have a kidnap chip implant in she arm . you can locate she with this . brazen hand plissken a large black clip . brazen this clip right onto you 'mm . ammo enhancer . like miniaturized grenade . blow through anything . plissken snap the clip onto he pistol , then unsnap it . ext . police complex - night plissken suit up . submachine gun , handgun , six -gun . he , brazen and malloy walk quickly across the complex . malloy L.A. be in a constant state of warfare . gang fight for the right to rule . brazen heavy third World connection . they get weapon , drug , fuel , chopper - everything be pump into the island from the south . malloy some area have power - they be on line to San onofre . ext . rotor CITY - night as brazen 's command helicopter take off ... int . command helicopter - night plissken stare at a photo of the anodize prototype . plissken I will need to know more about this thing . malloy only a handful of people be aware of its existence . let 's just say it 's the ultimate defensive weapon . plissken Defense against what ? malloy there 's a war about to be declare , or do not you know ? plissken shrug . malloy third World want to live like we do - and they plan on take what they want . the cuban and brazilian be ready to invade Miami . if the african and colombian make a run at the border , we get a full scale attack on the United States . plissken so what do this thing do ? malloy all you need to know be get it back here by 5 a.m . ext . wall - access tunnel - night the Command helicopter land near a large access tunnel inside the containment wall . int . access tunnel - night plissken , brazen and malloy walk through the dark , dank tunnel . armed guard stand at the ready . a hatch in the tunnel floor stand open . a ladder disappear down into the darkness . malloy ( point to the open hatch ) you be go over by submarine . one - man submersible . nuclear power . plissken arrange he gear , climb into the hatch open . plissken where do I put ashore ? malloy cahuenga pass . make you way up through the mountain toward the Hollywood bowl . you should be able to pick up utopia 's tracer there . ( beat ) once you go inside , you be on you own . ( beat ) you know what you have to do with the girl , do not you ? ( beat ) we have to spare this nation she trial - for treason . plissken so you want I to take she out ? ( malloy nod ) be that a order from the President ? malloy let 's just say it 's what 's best for the country . plissken by the way - who give I the anti-toxin ? malloy a medical team will be stand by . plissken not you ? malloy no . plissken good . kablamm ! he fire , rip hellish blast at malloy . there 's no damage . malloy laugh . malloy think you might try that . first clip be fill with blank . Goodbye , plissken . malloy kick the hatch and it slam down on top of plissken . brazen push a control button , sealing it shut . int . submarine BAY - night plissken climb down the ladder into a small submarine bay . below he on a launching rig be a sleek , black one - man submarine shape like a dart . the submarine 's hatch be open . plissken climb inside . int . submarine - night plissken seal the hatch behind he . he have to lie flat on he stomach to operate the sub . he quickly hit various switch and button , power up the cockpit . int . command hq - MAIN control room - night malloy and brazen move to a surveillance - command post . plissken ( v.o. radio ) com check . malloy pick up the microphone . malloy I be here , plissken . int . submarine - night plissken look at the wrist watch . it tick down ominously . eight hour and count down ... malloy ( v.o. ) stand by for launch . ignitor . ( plissken push a button ) fuel rod injection . plissken pull a lever , watch he dial . a deep hum sound grow louder inside the sub . plissken she 's in the green . malloy ( v.o. ) lock fuel rod . plissken ( hit a switch ) lock . malloy ( v.o. ) nuclear turbine to 75 % power . plissken turn a throttle - like control with he leave hand . int . submarine BAY - night out of the rear tube of plissken 's sub come a roaring blue glow . int . submarine plissken 75 % power . malloy ( v.o. ) hand on switch and count . 5...4...3... 2... 1. Launch . int . submarine BAY the rear tube roar . suddenly the sub be shot forward through a long , circular tunnel . int . submarine plissken brace himself as the cabin lurch , vibrate with the force . ext . the wall - newhall pass - night a door in the wall open , revealing the circulator tunnel . in a roaring explosion , the sub rocket out of the tunnel , shot from the wall like a cannonball . the submarine be airborne for several second , then drop down , and slam into the San Fernando Sea . int . submarine plissken be rock with the impact . he guide the sub with hand control . in front of he on a screen be a schematic diagram of the underwater landscape of the San Fernando Valley . ext . underwater - 405 freeway - night in the underwater darkness , see the break remain of the 405 freeway , as the sub creams past , its nuclear wake churn in the water . int . command hq - MAIN control room - night malloy , brazen and other cop follow plissken 's course on a gigantic computer screen . malloy plissken , watch you speed . lot of obstruction down there . ext . underwater - van nuy CITY hall - night as the sub rocket past the ruin of the Van nuy City Hall , barely miss it . int . submarine malloy ( v.o. ) plissken ... plissken ignore he , carefully maneuver the sub with he control . malloy ( v.o. ) plissken ... do you copy ? ext . underwater - the ventura freeway - night camera follow the sub as it streak along just above the submerge ruin of the ventura freeway . see the ghostly shape of car , truck , buss below , smashed and overturn . int . command hq - MAIN control room they watch the sub , a red blip on the screen , move along the freeway . int . submarine plissken twist he hand throttle , pour on the power to 90 % . ext . ventura &amp ; hollywood freeway interchange - underwater - night the sub rip through the water , faster and faster , go into a hard bank to the right as the ventura freeway turn into the Hollywood . a sign at the edge of the Hollywood freeway read : " speed limit 55 " . the sub scream past . int . command hq - MAIN control room brazen point to a readout show the submarine 's engine status . brazen his reactor 's start to overheat . malloy plissken , slow down the sub . you be overload the power plant . int . submarine plissken glance at the gauge . his nuclear turbine readout : green , move to yellow , into red . he push it up to 102 % . malloy ( v.o. ) plissken ...? plissken 's eye turn back to the computer map in front of he . one the screen : the red blip represent the sub be head right toward a building . plissken pull hard on the control . ext . underwater - universal CITY - the black tower - night the sub smack into the side of the Black Tower , power through it , blast out the other side through a window , tilting and wobble . the sub rights itself momentarily but be slam downward out of frame by a huge , dark , slimy object . king kong loom overhead - he fist rise and fall with the current . plissken have maneuver himself into the wreckage of the universal studios Tour . the sub zip through the King Kong ride into back to the future , pass 1950 's signage from that film , dodging a rusting delorean . it slam into the open mouth of jaw , shatter the model into a million piece . the sub continue on , bounce through the narrow opening of the earthquake ride - break pipe , crack sidewalk , split wall - hard to tell what be the ride and what be the Big one . int . submarine plissken hang on , as small jet of water spray into the cockpit through tiny crack in the hull . ext . underwater - moving with the submarine - night the sub suddenly tip upward , rise for the surface . ext . shoreline - cahuenga pass - night the sub explode out of the water , land belly first on a hillside with a hard thump . int . submarine plissken press the hatch control . the sub begin to slide backwards down toward the water . int . submarine plissken struggle , then rip open the hatch , scramble out . the sub slowly slip backwards , down into the water . as the rear exhaust tube hit the surface , a blast of steam . plissken leap out of the hatch . the sub sink faster and faster . he scamper up the side , leap for ground ... and land on the hillside , as the sub sink into the sea , bubbling , churn , hiss . a bleep sound . he take out he pocket walkie , raise the antenna . malloy ( v.o. ) plissken ...? plissken I be here . malloy ( v.o. ) where 's the submarine ? it 's disappear off we screen . plissken it 's history . I gotta go . plissken click off the walkie , pocket it , turn to climb up the hillside when ... wham ! stand above he be a dark figure . hood . carry something huge and round at the end . plissken raise he submachine gun ... ... as pipeline step closer . he 's a surfer in a black wetsuit . carry a surfboard . a rifle be sling across he shoulder . pipeline 's face be raw , burn - too many hour surfing in the UV . pipeline too bad about you boat , man . ( plissken do not move ) suppose to be some swell out here tonight . Big one . ( beat ) you like to surf ? realizing pipeline be no danger , plissken move past he up the hillside . pipeline you look kinda familiar . ( beat ) you hang out around here much ? but plissken 's move off into the darkness . ext . mulholland drive - night - rain plissken reach old mulholland drive , now dark and desolate . shell of house stand nearby , black and empty . it have begin to rain . the sound of gunfire . plissken duck behind a tree ... two old car come zoom up mulholland , side by side . window down . gun blaze at each other . they pass plissken , continue down mulholland , rip each other apart with gunfire . plissken dart across mulholland , down the mountainside . ext . mountainside - night - rain the rain pour down as plissken make he way down a steep incline . crack ! a dark figure step out from behind a tree . plissken spin , submachine gun ready . it 's pipeline . pipeline hey , man . I know who you be . you be snake plissken . man , I can not believe you be really here . more gunfire from above on mulholland ... pipeline kind of a bad neighborhood , snake . plissken which way to the Hollywood bowl ? pipeline ( point ) down that way . plissken start down . pipeline be careful . some real strange dude hangin ' out there this day . plissken continue move , now just a blurry figure in the rain . pipeline hey snake - what be you doin ' around here , man ? ( as plissken disappear ) I hear they bust you up real good in Cleveland ... ext . hill above the hollywood BOWL - night - rain the rain be come down in a torrent as plissken make he way down the hillside . then , all at once , the rain let up , then stop . the tree drip with moisture . suddenly , a huge kathump from above he . plissken look back . a huge mudslide be roaring its way down the hill toward he . plissken race down the hill , but the mudslide cascade downward like a freight train , catch up with he , sweep he off he foot ... and plissken go riding down the hill , rumbling and slide in the mud . ext . stand of tree - night the mudslide hit a flat area near a stand of tree , spread out , slow . a completely mud-cover , black plissken climb out of the goo . he 's drip with it . his one good eye shine in the moonlight . he take a couple step toward the edge of the treeline when ... a voice ( spinal ) ( v.o. ) shut - up , fuck ! stop makin ' noise ! plissken spin . he 's stand right next to spinal , the leader of the Black cowboy gang . dress in black , boot with spur , black duster , black cowboy hat , he carry a automatic rifle . he look just like Charles barkley . plissken look around , realize he 's in the middle of a small army of Black Cowboys , crouch behind the tree , wait in ambush . cover with mud , plissken blend right in . spinal take cover , fool . plissken jump behind a tree , look down the hillside . plissken be Pov - the hollywood BOWL below he position be the Hollywood bowl . a huge cross be on stage , and the cross be on fire . closer - hollywood BOWL a group of white hood man , the k.k.k. , stand in front of the burn cross hold a ceremony . next to the cross on stage , a hood k.k.k. string quartet begin play a hayden concerto . plissken react . spinal let 's take he . a Black cowboy raise he m7e grenade launcher , as the other quickly race down the hillside . he fire . the hollywood BOWL a 40 mm armor-piercing grenade leave a blaze fire trail as it rocket toward the burn cross and - kablammo ! a fireball blow piece of the cross into the air . the k.k.k. spin around ... a blast of lightning illuminate the Black Cowboys attack from the hill . they open fire . a k.k.k. Grand Dragon be pick off he foot , buffete in mid-air , flesh and robe shred by gunfire . a hail of bullet hit the k.k.k . they return fire , but be overwhelm . they be hit , jerk and twist . Fire from the Black Cowboys be wither , rack the hood figure like bolt of lightning . the Black Cowboys keep advance , fire , as it start to rain again . through the cloudy wash of dribble rain water , the firefight continue . four k.k.k. leap out from behind a row of seat and jump plissken , knock he gun to the ground . in a blind flash , use hand , foot , and head , plissken send they fly . as he reach down to pick up he submachine gun , he see that the rain be wash the mud off he body ... and so doe spinal , who stand nearby , watch as plissken be wash clean by the rain . spinal raise he weapon , then stop . spinal hey . I know you . snake plissken . plissken slowly stand , he submachine gun in he hand . behind they , the firefight be almost over . the k.k.k. scatter into the rain ... spinal hey , what 's go down , snake ? plissken I be look for somebody . spinal who be not ? plissken pull out he tracer . it be blipping red , just south of the bowl . spinal say , be it true what they say about Cleveland , man ? plissken do not answer . he move on through the rain ... spinal later , snake . thanks for the help . you can always shift down and mojo with we anytime . ext . vine avenue - night the ruin of the Capital record building . the rain have stop again . plissken be a lone figure walk along the street . in the distance , the sound of thumping music . ext . hollywood boulevard at highland - night pandemonium ! Music blare . it 's the old supreme hit , " Love be like a itchin ' in my heart . " crowd dance in the street . it 's like a block party . Black , latino and Native american gang celebrate . plus the usual Hollywood boulevard street traffic . plissken move through the carnival . gorgeous hooker stand under the marquee of the ruin chinese theater . the marquee now read : " safe sex " , " no condom need " , " polypropylene orifice " , " satisfaction guaranteed " one of the hooker strut in front of plissken . closeup - the hooker open she mouth , she give a sensuous puff . a polypropylene orifice attach to the inside of she lip expands outward like a small , pink balloon . she suck it back in and pucker , kissing the air . plissken turn , as the sound of car engine rise . he Pov - coming down hollywood boulevard ... be a caravan of vehicle . the crowd part to let they through , cheer insanely . plissken duck into a alley , watch ... the caravan pass plissken 's position . two man on horseback lead a convoy of rumbling , fume old car , bus , motorcycle - all scar and rip and jerry -rigged - bump down the boulevard . plissken watch from he spot in the alley , as a blonde-haire hooker join he , rub he arm . she have no polypropylene , at least none that we can see . blonde hooker it 's winnin ' time , baby . how about you and I do some celebrate ? plissken what 's go on ? blonde hooker you must be new around here . ( beat ) you look familiar . have I do you before ? plissken grab the hooker . plissken what 's happen ? blonde hooker easy , man , easy . it 's cuervo Jones ' gang . mescalito justice . he 's the big boss man 'round here tonight . ( whisper ) he 's gonna take down the police and make them kiss he fine ass . plissken let she go , stare ... he Pov - a cadillac ... be perch ten foot off the ground on monster truck wheel . severe doll head be glue all over the hood , and a large glitter disco ball spin atop the roof , catch shard of light and flick they back into the night ... behind the disco ball stand the real cuervo Jones , at least . and there next to he be utopia . she 's dress in black lace underwear and bra , garter and stocking . a playboy fantasy . she hold the prototype . delgado , cuervo Jones ' second - in-command , stand behind she . he be huge and evil . dress like pancho villa . plissken stare as the cadillac pass . the hooker cheer along with the rest of the crowd , and do not notice that plissken 's move off ... several motorcycle bring up the rear of the caravan . mescalitos ride with they woman sling behind they . as the last bike pass , plissken dart out of the alley , yank the woman off the back of the cycle , jump on . on the motorcycle the mescalito biker turn to react ... whack ! plissken take he out with a head - butt , shove he off the bike , hop up on the seat . kavroom ! plissken gun the motorcycle and it roar off , around the other biker , toward the head of the caravan . plissken zoom along , make the turn onto La brea Avenue with the caravan ... ext . LA brea and sunset boulevard - night as the caravan turn west onto sunset , plissken blast around the corner . on plissken come right behind he be four mescalitos on harley - chain , iron bar , and sword in they hand . plissken stare up ahead . he Pov - the cadillac ... be just a few foot away . cuervo Jones and utopia . plissken gun it when suddenly two mescalitos pull up on either side of he . one of they swing a chain . plissken grab it with one hand , and with he other hand , aim he submachine gun and fire ! the mescalito and bike go fly , and plissken hold on to the chain . atop the cadillac , cuervo Jones react to the sound of gunfire . he turn to see ... plissken as the other mescalito riding behind he swing a chain . plissken swing he . the two chain snap together , intertwine . then plissken squeeze he hand -brake . he screech to a stop . the mescalito keep go , and be yank over backward by he own chain , off the harley . finally the harley flop over , skid , explode . plissken gun it again , take off after the cadillac . two more mescalitos pull up on either side of plissken . they take aim at he with they automatic rifle . plissken pull a sudden wheelie , lift the front of he bike up into the air , ride on the back wheel . the two mescalitos fire - directly into each other . they fall and they bike go crash to the pavement . plissken surge the bike forward , come up on a mescalito on horseback who turn and fire . plissken duck and the bullet rip through the rear tire . the tire blow and the bike swerve out of control . plissken leap from the bike and grab the back of the saddle . the horse plissken pull himself up behind the mescalito and wrestle for control of the mount . plissken grab the rein and wrap they around the mescalito 's neck , squeezing until he eye burst . plissken slam he arm against the mescalito , throw he off the saddle , bounce onto the pavement . plissken gallop ahead , circle a lasso high above he head , pound down on a biker . the lasso take flight and find it mark , the biker 's neck . plissken pull the lasso taut , tie the end to the saddle horn , ride he mount parallel to the biker . the bike with one quick yank to the lasso , plissken pull the biker off , jump on the bike and smack the hell out of the horse 's rump . the horse take off down the street , drag the biker by the neck . the cadillac speed up as plissken move up to the mustang five car behind . he swing off the bike and jump onto the trunk . plissken climb up to the roof , leap on the hood , then jump to the trunk of the car in front - leapfrogge , jump to the next car , the next car ... mescalito lean out they car window , fire at he , but plissken keep move toward the cadillac ... suddenly a hand reaches out a car window and grab plissken 's submachine gun . plissken turn to snatch it back - when cuervo jone leap from the cadillac and take plissken down to the roof . cuervo jone snake plissken . they struggle . cuervo raise he machete . plissken grab he wrist , flip he over , knock the machete off into the street , smack cuervo in the face . a bolas - swinging mescalito come roaring up on he bike , throw the bolas ... plissken as the bolas hit he , wrap around he neck , the ball thunking he in the face , send he fly ... kawhap ! plissken hit the pavement hard . he skid , roll , and at last slam into the edge of the sidewalk . the caravan rumble away down sunset . the hand in the car window still hold plissken 's submachine gun . cuervo crouch on the roof , hiss at plissken . cuervo jone later , snake . we finish it later . plissken lies there for several beat , then climb to he foot . he Pov - the caravan ... disappear up sunset . plissken stands alone in the desert street . the ruin of a supermarket , cheap motel , liquor store - all empty , desolate . he look over to see the break remain of he pocket walkie . after a beat , he start move up sunset , check he two 9 mm handgun , slip they into they holster . ext . sunset and doheny - night on the border of beverly Hills , sunset stretch off into the darkness beyond the intersection . a slight wind blow litter aimlessly along . there be occasional sound : creak , distant clang . plissken approach the intersection . he carry utopia 's compass home device . it be silent . the small screen 's blank . then plissken glance at he wrist watch . close - wrist watch Three hour go . plissken stand for a moment , stare off down sunset ... voice ( v.o. ) snake plissken , right ? he spin around . map to the star eddie sit in a old beach chair on the sidewalk , a map to the star sign in front of he . in he late 50' , he 's a petty thief , con man . he 's be hustling tourist and everybody else all he life . map to the star eddie wow ! snake plissken ! map to the star Eddie listen to wayward wind by gogi grant on a small , metal - plate portable radio . he click off the radio , rise , walk over to plissken . map to the star eddie you be a star in you own right , you know that ? hey , I be map to the star Eddie . how you doin ' ? plissken where would they go ? map to the star eddie man , I would love to have you autograph , snake . he search around in he pocket , come up with pen and paper . map to the star eddie I have be hearing about you ever since that New York deal back in the 90' . you be one smooth operator . ( offer pen and paper ) could you sign one to Wolf , one to death 's head , one to slasher Smith ...? plissken grab he by the throat . plissken where be they ? map to the star eddie who ? you mean cuervo Jones ? he 's the man with the juice , snake . get the President 's daughter . setting up a citywide truce . Big doing . plissken draw a 'mm and point it at map to the star Eddie 's forehead . plissken location . map to the star eddie cuervo 's get a place near Venice , where the big bird fly . Nice dig , too . I have be there , y'know . plissken release he , as suddenly the tracer beep . on the device plissken see a small red pulsing dot . West . map to the star eddie Nice little gizmo you get there . ( whisper conspiratorially ) look , snake . I have get connection in this town . you need something , I be you man . without a word plissken turn , walk away down sunset boulevard toward beverly Hills . map to the star eddie hey - you can not go there , snake . you can not walk through beverly Hills . plissken 's figure disappear ... ext . sunset - sign - night the old beverly Hills sign . it 's be paint over in drip red letter : " quiet - surgical zone - stay out " plissken ignore the sign , keep walk down a completely dark sunset boulevard . ext . sunset boulevard - beverly hill - night plissken walk past the once- beautiful mansion along sunset . now they be dark , ruin . closer - beverly hill mansion as a twisted , mechanical hand sewn awkwardly to the flesh of the wrist pull aside a window curtain . the face behind the window be in shadow , but we can just make out its pale , discolor feature . the other hand bring up a walkie-talkie ... sentry ( into walkie ) specimen move west on sunset . ext . beverly hill HOTEL - sunset and beverly drive - night plissken move into the intersection of sunset and beverly drive . the ruin of the old beverly Hills Hotel be ahead and to he right . he stop , stare down sunset ... he Pov - a figure emerge from the shadow . this be the gatekeeper . strange , mismatch body part . a black -skin arm attach to a pale white body . his face be unnaturally smooth - too many face lift . he carry a torch . gatekeeper halt ! ( beat ) where be you go ? ( no reply ) be you here for the auction ? behind plissken figure have suddenly move out into the street , all with mismatch body part - head too large for they torso , female body part mix with male head , all sewn together with large , uneven stitches . plissken be surround . gatekeeper welcome to beverly Hills . plissken raise he gun , start to move , when suddenly a figure rise behind he out of the shadow ... a multi - colored flesh hand raise a lead pipe , bring it down hard ... on plissken' head thunk ! he go out like a light . as plissken slump unconscious to the street , the figure move for he . they arm lock around he , drag he away with amazing speed - a pack of wolf on a deer . closeup - plissken - night plissken bolt awake , to find himself tie to a cross . it 's lurching back and forth as though the ground be move . ext . rodeo drive - beverly hill - night plissken be be carry down rodeo driveon the cross by a throng of surgical failure . they carry torch . dress in tatter . they face look only partially human sewn together raggedly . rodeo drive be a bizarre marketplace of body part . the once beautiful storefront of famous designer be now in shamble . human body part be on display like filet of fish on ice . gucci now offer body piece fashioned from spare car part and armani display more eclectic , high priced piece sewn together like sculpture in they windowfront . a giant rift run down the street 's center . acrid smoke rise . the throng stop at a intersection , and plissken 's cross be anchore in the middle of the street . surround the intersection be patient of every size , age , sex . plissken look over , see another cross be carry up and plant right next to he . a beautiful girl be tie to this cross . this be taslima , 20' , iranian , the face of a Persian princess . she 's dress in black leather , and basically have a iq of around 50 . taslima hi , snake . it 's so great to meet you . my name 's taslima . I be a fan of yours . plissken be you crazy ? taslima a little bit . but pretty soon I be gonna be dead . so be you , snake . plissken look across the street . we of the ruin of the once famous red door of Elizabeth arden come a arm of woman facialist with acid-burn face from one - too - many skin peeling wield knife , saw , horrible - look carve instrument ... taslima I can not believe I get catch . ( sigh ) I run with Midnight Jihad . iranian gang . only they kick I out , cause I screw up sometimes . I forget stuff . plissken struggle with he bond . taslima I leave my boyfriend 's place tonight , take a wrong turn ... ( sigh again ) oh , snake , I be really kind of out of it sometimes . out of the red door come more intern and nurse carry surgical pan and push gurney to collect dismember body part . the throng of facialist , patient , intern and nurse surround plissken and taslima on the cross . they move back to the sidewalk as the auction for body part cut freshly from plissken and taslima be about to begin . the gurney be wheeled into place and set up as large cut table . the facialist take they position behind the table wait to carve fresh meat . plissken what be they ? taslima they live here , use to be like we . but after too many silicon implant , they muscle turn to jelly . the only way they survive be to have body part transplant over and over again . ( whisper ) snake , nobody who come into beverly Hills get out alive . plissken no screamin ' shit . taslima oh no , it 's the Doctor . plissken who ? taslima the surgeon General of beverly Hills . the doctor , the surgeon general of beverly hill step out into the street . he appear incredibly gorgeous , a hunk of a man , put together by the finest body part available in beverly Hills - a millennium Fabio - but upon closer examination , he 's get no lower jaw . instead , there be a rusting metal grid-work attach beneath each ear . it never move . he can actually speak through a metal box attach to he windpipe . the doctor stands in front of they . he raise he hand to quiet the crowd . he walk around the cross , admire the beautiful body before he . he tickle the fine flesh with he right hand , which be make up of 10 gleam scalpel which form a 360 degree cut edge . the doctor I have never see more beautiful specimen . there will be no auction tonight . this body part will go to that who need they the most . the crowd gumble . plissken turn he head sideways , to a small hide pocket near he neck . with he tooth , he pull out the silver mouth dart , slip it onto he tongue , close he mouth . the doctor raise he gleam scalpel hand and step toward plissken . the doctor what a beautiful blue eye . it 's a shame you only have one . a nurse bring over a small step -ladder . the doctor position it in front of plissken , slowly climb up the rung until he be face to face with he . the doctor look ready to pluck plissken 's good eye from its socket with he scalpel tip . fffttt ! plissken spit the mouth dart ! whack ! the dark hit the doctor squarely in the forehead . he freeze , he scalpel hand raise , he eye clouding . he fall forward . the scalpel hand swing , miss its mark , and instead hit the rope tie around plissken 's wrist . whatck ! the rope 's cut ! plissken grab the scalpel hand with he free hand , cut he other hand and leg loose in a flash and push the doctor backward off the step-ladder . whump ! plissken fall to the intersection , almost at the same time as the doctor hit the pavement . the patient be stunne . motionless . they stare at they doctor lie in the street , moan , move slightly . snake start to run ... taslima snake , help I . snake why ? taslima I do not know . almost on a whim , plissken cut she free . then he run . taslima follow he . plissken head toward a side street , look over he shoulder , see taslima follow ... plissken do not follow I . taslima you need help . plissken like hell I do . then plissken come to a dead stop . he Pov - down the STREET come a mass of patient right at he . taslima grab plissken , pull he with she . they take off down a dark cobblestone street ... ext . dark alley - night plissken and taslima run as behind they the patient horde give chase . they stop at another small alley between two large building . taslima down this way . they disappear into the small alley . ext . SMALL alley - cul do sac - night it 's long and narrow and completely enclose by the building on either side . suddenly plissken and taslima come to the end - a 75 foot high four-story building block the passageway to wilshire . plissken this be a dead end . ( look at she ) you take we into a dead end ! taslima I just think you want to get away . I do not know you want to go someplace . kaclank ! they turn ... the doctor stagger down the alley , the dart still stick from he forehead . behind he , the patient follow ... plissken shove taslima toward a break window . plissken go ! he follow taslima through the window . int . second floor balcony - night plissken and taslima climb dilapidate stair , move along the balcony railing . a tear and tatter Roy Lichtenstein painting hang crooked on a wall . twenty foot high bright red letter - " caa " - lie strewn across the marble floor . various office be wreck and dark , script lay all over the place . they stop at a dark hallway . taslima move cautiously ahead . taslima be careful of the bald cat . they live in this building . plissken the what ? plissken reach for he other 9 mm in its holder , but he hand be trap by the doctor 's body . closer and closer move the claw dagger toward plissken 's good eye . taslima scramble , pick up plissken 's 'mm , then stare at the two man . plissken ( yell ) be you gonna stand there ? give I the gun ! taslima start to hand it to he . both plissken and the doctor fight to reach it . finally , it 's in plissken 's grasp . he blast three time - each one hit . the doctor shudder , roll away . plissken get to he foot . he blast one more time for good measure , then follow taslima down the hallway ... int . first floor - rear exit - night they come down a flight of stair , stop at the rear door . plissken how do we get out of here ? taslima sewer . come on . she push open the door ... ext . beverly hill STREET - night plissken and taslima run from the building , as a chorus of wail rise . patient swarm around the building in pursuit . taslima stop at a sewer grate in the street . taslima down there . plissken lift the grate . taslima jump in , follow by plissken ... int . sewer tunnel - night dim , greenish light . plissken and taslima begin run down the sewer tunnel . through the hole behind they drop patient , give chase . plissken and taslima race through a half - fill storm drain seeping with slime . they turn a corner into another tunnel , and run smack into a horde of patient . instantly , the patient overpower they . hand reach out and drag they down ... suddenly , from down the tunnel come a unearthly sound , a weird whispery screech like a demon unleash from the underworld . it get louder and louder . the patient freeze , then begin scream and , as the sound get louder still , they all disappear , escape back down the tunnel . from down the tunnel a eerie light appear , come nearer and nearer every moment . taslima snake - what be it ? plissken how the hell be I suppose to know ? this be you damn city . slowly , the light take form . it be a single , gigantic eye - float in pitch - black darkness . it continue come - grow larger and larger . suddenly the sewer begin to echo with a blast , ringing sound . Music ! it 's incredibly loud salsa music ! from out of the tunnel drive a ancient golf cart . on a metal pole in front be a huge , light eye such as a optometrist might use to advertise he service . salsa music blare at top volume from loudspeaker strapped to the side of the cart . at the wheel of the vehicle be a large man dress in jeans , cowboy boot and a flak vest , wear a gas mask . a lariat be hook to he belt . he pull up near plissken and taslima , shut off the motor and the music , lift a shotgun from the seat beside he , climb down . he hold the gun on they . removing he head gear , he face become visible . he be pendejo bob , a mexican wear sunglass under the gas mask . he take off the sunglass , and he apparently blind in one eye . he look like Los lobo ' lead guitarist . pendejo bob what be you do in here ? plissken look to get out . pendejo bob good . I want you out . this be my sewer . plissken which way ? with a grunt of curiosity , pendejo Bob move up to plissken . suddenly he blind eye flash on like a tiny , build - in spotlight . with it , he examine plissken 's face . pendejo bob you be snake plissken . taslima yes . be not he cool ? there be a click sound and the light eye be extinguish . pendejo Bob extend he hand . pendejo bob a honor , snake . amigo . they call I pendejo Bob . plissken do not shake . from down the tunnel the shout and footfalls of the patient get closer ... pendejo bob that damn patient be come back . you would better climb aboard . plissken and taslima climb into the rear of the golf cart . pendejo Bob spin the cart , take off in the other direction . int . underground passage - night the golf cart streak along through a dark sewer passage . the only light come from the eye on the front of the vehicle . pendejo bob I use the eye and the music to scare they off . they be so whacked out , man , it work great . chase a whole bunch of they right off the edge there a few month ago . he point to a sheer , pitch - black drop - off on one side of the passage . taslima ( she peer over the side ) how far down do it go ? pendejo bob do not know - never do hear they land . earthquake open it up . the golf cart creak into a narrow tunnel ... inside the tunnel Guards , hispanics in biker denim , fatigue , with rifle and sunglass , line the wall . they watch as the golf cart pass . up ahead be a door mark : " sewage reclamation control " int . sewer reclamation CENTER - control room - night the cart pull into the remain of a mammoth underground control center . it 's line with ladder , catwalk , machine full of gauge and lever . a few be still work - most be break and cover with dust and grime . fill the room be a underground enclave : Men , woman , child , all Hispanic , live in tent and lean - to 's , cooking over open fire next to old rusted car on block , lot of weapon , lot of sunglass . also , high - tech , futuristic rifle , cannon , grenade launcher - a amazing arsenal . crates of explosive be stack everywhere . the golf cart come to a stop and they get off . pendejo bob I own this whole place . use to work here in the old day . I be right in this room when the big one hit . what a mess . we be waist high in shit . ( turn proudly to they ) everybody else run , but not I . I stay at my post . now it 's all mine . I bring my whole family , my amigo , down here to live with I . taslima gun runner . pendejo bob hey , it 's a live , baby . plissken why do not you get out of l.a .? take a boat to China , take a airplane to Brazil ? ( look at taslima ) earthquake , death , shit . why do you stay ? taslima I do not know . somehow , I just can not leave . pendejo bob y'know , L.A. 's not such a bad place , snake . we get we problem , sure - but this be paradise , man . pendejo Bob lean in close and whisper conspiratorially to plissken . pendejo bob say , you need anything , snake ? gun ? explosive ? I can get you a crate of hellfire grenade , no problem - five hour . plissken yeah . so how do I get to Venice ? pendejo bob all the sewer be collapse under Venice . you have to go topside . right up there . he lead plissken and taslima to a ladder that go up into the darkness . a line of man steadily climb up , one after the other , carry crate of weapon . pendejo bob come out near the Santa monica freeway . just follow the sign . get off at the lincoln exit , turn leave . pendejo Bob interrupt the line of man . plissken start up the ladder , follow by taslima ... pendejo bob Nice to meet you , snake . you too , miss . you be welcome down here anytime . anytime at all . ext . STREET under santa monica freeway overpass - night plissken , gun in hand , stick he head out of the open grate . taslima follow . the Hispanic man who have climb up out of the sewer load they weapon crate into various low - rider car in heavily - armed group . they rumble off into the night . taslima point to a freeway on -ramp . taslima the freeway 's over there . but , snake - I do not think it 's such a good idea . plissken start toward the on-ramp . taslima do not move . taslima the freeway be dangerous . he keep walk . taslima Goodbye , snake . plissken stop , turn back , look at she - a half -smile . it 's as close to ' thank you ' as he get . taslima Sun 's come up in a few hour . she walk up to he . taslima UV 's gonna be bad today . I have a friend who 's get a place near here . we can crash there if you want , snake . ( she move close to he ) I would love to take care of you . make you feel good . without a answer plissken turn and walk away ... ext . santa monica freeway - night as far as the eye can see there be line of rusting car and truck , bumper to bumper like a giant junkyard rush hour . plissken walk up the on-ramp , onto the freeway . he stride past row of junked car . a few of they have people inside ... there be a mercede rusted to its frame , its driver a 80 - year - old in sunglass , drink from a bottle . a pickup truck full of old illegal alien pack in like sardine . someone cook from a barbecue grill . a rv . a old man sit in the open doorway , stare at plissken as he pass . two old lady in housecoat stare at he through the window . click , click ! a sound behind plissken . he spin , 9 mm ready ... it 's taslima , run to catch up with he . taslima I change my mind . I be go with you , wherever you be go . plissken ( gesture to the car ) what the hell be this ? taslima the freeway . plissken I know that . there be people in some of this car . taslima it 's where they live . I guess after everything happen , they just need to do what they would always do before . during the daytime , they just pull down the shade on they window and sleep . plissken continue walk . taslima catch up ... taslima what be you gonna do in Venice ? plissken find cuervo Jones . taslima no ! stay away , snake . he 's mucho muerte . suddenly a shot ring out . taslima be strike and fall . plissken drop between the car and crawl over to she . taslima run , snake ... they be come . plissken who ? she touch he hand and look at he softly . taslima I do not know . taslima die . plissken stare at she for a moment . more shot ring out - landing very close to he . freeway embankment from out of the heavy bush along the freeway storm a dozen mescalitos move quickly - fire as they go . behind they grind a ancient garbage truck mount with a 50 - caliber machine gun . atop the truck be delgado . he wear a flame thrower on he back . plissken returns fire , roll under a car and begin crawl . all around he people jump out of they car , begin fire back at the mescalitos . the garbage truck smash through a rusting volkswagen , head straight toward he . plissken reaches the edge of the freeway , dive for the bush . as the garbage truck roar past , fire into the vehicle on the freeway , the people run , scream ... ext . side STREET - night claw he way through the undergrowth , plissken burst onto a side street . behind he come the mescalitos on foot . plissken run , fire back every step of the way ... ahead on the STREET suddenly , in the blow mist in front of he , a car screech into view . it 's a perfectly restore , 1966 cadillac convertible . candy -apple red . the stereo blast " last night " by the satellite . and behind the wheel be map to the star Eddie . map to the star eddie hop in , snake ! the undergrowth as the garbage truck burst through . delgado be behind the machine gun , blast away , burn up the street . bullet be fly everywhere as plissken run to the cadillac and dive into the back seat . he 's still not fully inside when map to the star Eddie roar away in a blaze of rubber and smoke . delgado take aim with he flame thrower ... kawhoosh ! a giant tongue of flame shoot out from the nozzle like a flame spear . it streak down the street , just miss the tail of the cadillac as it swerve around a corner ... int . cadillac - night map to the star Eddie race along a dark street . plissken climb into the front seat . map to the star eddie hey , snake - that be great . they almost burn you ass off ! map to the star Eddie drive like Satan himself . plissken be almost throw out as they spin around curve , up onto sidewalk . delgado and the garbage truck can not keep up with they . finally , the mescalitos be leave far behind as map to the star Eddie slow down to a cruise of 70 . map to the star eddie too many people know where you be go , snake . that 's not good . delgado and he man be back there wait for you . plissken delgado ? map to the star eddie cuervo Jones ' right -hand man . one tough hombre . you do not understand , snake . cuervo Jones want to unify the island . we be on the move , man . Big time . ext . dark intersection - night the cadillac smashes through a intersection , knock two old junked car out of the way . int . cadillac - night plissken jam he 9 mm into map to the star Eddie 's ear . plissken stop the damn car . map to the star eddie no way . plissken I say pull over . map to the star eddie all right . anything for you , snake . ( beat ) although I be go to take you to cuervo Jones ' place . plissken lower the gun . plissken where be it ? map to the star eddie right over there . he point . plissken look off , as map to the star Eddie hit a button on the steering wheel with he finger . on the dashboard a small panel in front of plissken flip down , revealing a two - inch machine gun barrel . before he can do anything , four round rip straight into he chest , blast he into the seat . plissken grit he tooth and gasp . his gun drop . blood run from four hole in he shirt . his face grow red as he fight for air . map to the star Eddie push the button again and the panel close up over the barrel . map to the star eddie pretty neat , huh ? this be cuervo 's car . he let I use it sometimes . ( look at plissken ) not to worry , snake . you be just shot with a fun-gun . you feel it ? plissken gulp for air . map to the star eddie pure mesh , man . 100 - proof artery choker . plissken slump back , collapse in the seat . map to the star eddie like cuervo say , when the hit pull you down to one inch from death , that be live , man . plissken be Pov - the drug kick in hard . surreal color float through the dark , devastate street of Venice . plissken fight desperately against the drug , but he can not move . map to the star eddie you should have talk to I first , snake . I could have set this whole thing up . I be actually cuervo 's agent , you know . as plissken sag , lose consciousness , map to the star Eddie 's voice begin to fade ... map to the star eddie and I would love to represent you , too . we could make a bundle together . I know I could really help you career ... I mean , you be a legend and all - but the last couple year , man , it 's like you have fall off the face of the earth . on plissken' face as the world crash to black ! fade in : ext . INTERNATIONAL terminal lax - night like a giant , scorched daddy - long -leg , the architectural identity of the LA airport rise above the empty parking lot litter with the skeletal remain of burn - out car and airport shuttle . the wreck of old 747 lie twisted and bent across the tarmac . behind it surrounded by mescalitos with torch and gun , sit the former Bradley Terminal deface with graffiti , the sign now read : " mescalito justice hall " plissken' good eye open . look around fuzzily . int . mescalito justice hall - night he be in cuervo Jones lair . huge . torch - light . plissken lie in the center of the room , chain to a treadmill . he be surround by mescalitos . in one corner of the room be lot of high - tech equipment . Computers . a vr simulator . most of the mescalitos be gather around a big screen tv . they watch the 207th annual Academy Award from carefree , Arizona . cuervo Jones stride toward plissken . map to the star Eddie scurries along at he side . map to the star eddie come on , cuervo . I deliver he , do not I ? all I be ask for be what you promise . cuervo jone we will see . cuervo Jones stop in front of plissken . see that he 's awake . hold out a glass fill with red liquid . cuervo jone carrot juice ? ( no response ) lace with tequila , snake . good for you . no ? ( no response ) you health . cuervo Jones downs the carrot juice . plissken lift he head , grimace . sweat pour down he face . he gasp for air . cuervo jone you be come out of it , snake . it hurt real bad . ( beat ) that 's good . he kneel down next to plissken . cuervo jone dying be not good enough for you . you need pain . you will never make it to where you want to go without a little pain . he stand , consider plissken for a moment . cuervo jone snake plissken . american outlaw . so typical of american idealism . the old west , snake . cuervo Jones toss the glass to map to the star Eddie . he 's beginning to enjoy the moment , perform for plissken . cuervo jone man against the sky . the individual . freedom . no wonder they hate you so much in America , snake . you remind they of what they use to be . cuervo Jones walk to a door , open it . Beyond be a huge courtyard fill with people - family , teenage runaway , the elderly , illegal alien , orphan - people with nowhere to go . they be be feed and care for by mescalitos . cuervo jone here be the real L.A. , snake . plissken lift he head to see . cuervo jone the poor . the old . the lose . people without hope . he cross back to plissken ... cuervo jone do you know what they want ? one word . Liberation . ( beat ) they want a chance to live - before it 's all go . they have be hate for too long - ( smile ) now it 's they turn . he gesture to he man , who move to plissken and begin carefully unlock he from the treadmill . still wobbly , plissken crawl to he foot ... as utopia come bound up from the big screen tv . still dress in she racy underwear , she give cuervo Jones a kiss . she still carry the prototype with she . utopia cuervo ! latoya Jackson just win best actress . cuervo Jones reach out to take the prototype from she . she hold on to it . utopia you say I could hold it . he yank it out of she hand , more violently than she expect . recovering , she cast a contemptuous glance at plissken . utopia who 's that ? cuervo jone you never hear of snake plissken ? utopia take a couple step closer , squint . utopia he do not look like he picture . ( frown ) I bet he 's fake . cuervo jone now go get dress . we have thing to do . utopia be we go to eat soon ? I be starve . cuervo Jones give she a slap on the butt , which startles utopia . utopia ooww ! cuervo jone go on now . do as I say . plissken watch as utopia walk away , out of the terminal . cuervo jone I be go to show she what it mean to be a woman - for the first time in she pathetic little life . ( smile ) give she love , snake . everybody need love . he move slightly closer to plissken - though not too close . cuervo jone you want to hook up with we ? join the revolution ? we be all get out of here tomorrow night . ( hold up the prototype ) we be gonna rule the world . come with we , snake . plissken say nothing . his good eye glare . cuervo jone no ? too bad . well , I tell you we would finish it later . so guess what ? it 's later . he motion to he man , who grab plissken and drag he away ... int . baggage claim area - night the baggage claim area be a industrial wasteland fill with machinery and hang cable and wire . a door open and plissken be hurl in . the door slam shut . plissken stand a moment , try to get he balance , when a man step out of the shadow . it be delgado . delgado you be mine now , snake . all mine . delgado slowly move towards plissken , swinging two huge gleam machete around he head . plissken step back , glance at he wrist watch . 4 hour and 20 minute go . plissken shit . plissken look up as delgado fling a machete at he . he just barely dive out of the way , roll on the floor ... delgado charge toward he , machete poise like a bayonet . plissken rip off a edge guard from the baggage carousel and wing it at delgado . the machete be block with a direct hit . ka - clang ! delgado be throw sideways . plissken run , launch himself through the air , twist he body sideways , and land a hard kick right in delgado 's face . delgado go sprawling . one of the machete clanks to the floor ... plissken grab the machete , just as delgado rise ... whoosh ! plissken 's arm be a blur as he throw ... thump ! the machete stick out of delgado 's chest . he look down at it in horror , then crumble to the floor . ext . mescalito justice hall - night the caravan be start up again . wearing hot pants , a tank top and full - length mink coat , utopia be escort up a ladder by cuervo Jones to the open door of the cadillac perch up on that monster truck wheel . the other mescalitos mount up in they car and motorcycle , and roar away from the terminal . above , on top of the terminal , see a figure move . top of mescalito justice hall it 's plissken . he grab a electrical wire and throw it over the side ... parking lot - a mescalito guard stands watch the caravan pull away . he do not see the wire dangle behind he , and plissken shinnying down it . beat . beat . whack ! plissken take he out with one blow , lower himself to the ground , take he rifle . plissken quickly move down the dark street after the caravan . ext . the forum - night cuervo Jones ' caravan come roll down Manchester , into a vast parking lot toward the Forum . portion of the gigantic sport arena have be damage in the earthquake , but crowd still pour into the entrance . the caravan pull up at the Forum Club entrance . cuervo Jones , utopia , map to the star Eddie and the other enter . as plissken approach , duck behind a old junked car . the forum - damaged wall plissken sneak up to a crumble , break wall of the Forum , crawl inside through a large crack ... int . locker room - the forum - night plissken 's in the backstage area , near the locker room . hear cheer from the main arena . slowly plissken move to a door , open it , step out ... int . forum hallway - night the cheer be louder be plissken make he way along the dingy hallway . now the sound of gunfire from someplace up ahead . plissken tense . suddenly from down the hallway come two Black Muslims carry a body on a stretcher . as they pass , plissken notice the body be wear a bloody basketball uniform full of bullet hole . he move forward ... int . forum arena - night plissken peer into the main arena . a basketball game be underway . the Korean dragon sit on one side , the Black Muslims on the other . they cheer wildly for they respective team . pipeline be in the crowd , enjoy the game ... plissken move closer , among the crowd along the baseline . the whole place be light by torch and clumsily - wire lighting . above he head be the shot clock , slowly tick down . there 's blood everywhere on the floor . the referees wear bullet - proof body suit and helmet . trainer with stretcher stand by . the shot clock tick down : 5 - 4 ... a black muslim dribble the ball towards the basket . the shot clock tick down : 3 - 2 ... a whole row of Korean dragon with rifle stand and take aim . the black muslim pull up into a jump shot , release the ball into the air . it sail through the basket just as the horn go off , beat the 24 - second violation . the Black Muslim crowd cheer . the Korean dragon sit down . plissken watch ... cuervo jone , utopia and the other move through the seat on the Korean Dragon side of the court . map to the star Eddie stand near the baseline , listen to the game on he silver portable radio ... the referee hand the ball to a Korean Dragon guard . the Korean Dragon dribble the ball down court , into the corner and pass it off . the Korean dragon can not get a shot off ... the shot clock above plissken 's head tick down : 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 ... honk ! the korean dragon Guard still have the ball - the shot clock horn have go off - 24 second violation . a whole row of Black Muslims with rifle stand up , take aim , and fire ! blam ! blam ! blam ! the Korean Dragon guard be riddled with bullet . he fall dead on the floor . the trainer with stretcher quickly collect he body and hurry off the court . Ball boy quickly wipe up the blood with mop . announcer ( v.o. ) ( sound of effect of break glass ) shot clock ! the Black Muslim crowd be cheer and scream ! " I Love L.A. " begin play on the loudspeaker . the player wear do - rag and black uniform that look a whole lot like the black leather that plissken wear . one of the player , jamaal , notice plissken . jamaal hey - snake plissken , you know my brother Abdul . he be with you in Cleveland . the other player react , greet plissken , slapping he hand , thumping chest , high - five each other . jamaal welcome aboard , snake . but plissken pay no attention . he see : cuervo jone and utopia sitting in the Korean Dragon section near the other end of the court . closer - cuervo jone and utopia sit next to xi-ping , the leader of the Korean dragon , a fierce man with green and brown psychedelic camouflage on he face . utopia watch the game while the two man confer . cuervo Jones have a firm grip on the prototype . cuervo jone the time be now . we be the strongest . if we go together , the other will come . ( beat ) we go for everything , xi-ping . but we go together . what do you say ? xi- ping node . they clasp hand ... plissken realize he 's get to get to the other side of the court . he jump into the huddle with jamaal , peer at he with he one good , cold eye . plissken you brother die owe I , so I be take it out in trade . I need a favor ... jamaal sure , snake . anything . plissken I need to get across the court now ... without draw attention to myself . jamaal like you be not gonna stick out like a sore thumb . but we will do what we can , snake . use the clock . screen and roll . now let 's kick some butt ! the player knock fist . plissken put on a do -rag . yelling , they move onto the court , create a shield for plissken . jamaal ( whisper ) you play much pick - up ball , snake ? plissken 's watch cuervo Jones and utopia at the other end . jamaal whatever happen , watch the shot clock , man . the referee blow he whistle . a Black Muslim guard inbound the ball . the game be underway . plissken duck down the court use the rest of he team as cover . they go into a set play . the game be a cross between basketball and kung - fu . player use slashing fist , spin-kick , elbow and hard back -hands . it 's full combat . the Korean Dragon guard plissken chop he . plissken knock he flat . no foul . utopia see plissken , nudge cuervo Jones . utopia it 's that weird guy again . cuervo Jones grab she and head for the exit ... plissken see this , stop play , move after they ... when suddenly the basketball land right in he hand ! jamaal snake ! shot clock ! the shot clock tick down : 4 - 3 - 2 ... a whole row of Korean dragon with rifle stand up , take aim at plissken . cuervo Jones watch expectantly ... plissken spin , execute a beautiful - look jump shot . the horn sound just as it leave he hand ... the basket swish . nothing but net . the Korean dragon sit back down , put away they rifle , disappointed . cuervo Jones , utopia , xi-ping and they henchmen quickly leave . the Black Muslims go crazy , and plissken dash toward one of the exit . he stop , see ... map to the star eddie with he portable radio , try to get out of the arena , hide behind a crowd of dragon . plissken race through the crowd , grab map to the star Eddie . map to the star eddie hey , snake , man ... great shot ! without hesitation , snake whacks he across the jaw . map to the star Eddie go down like a sack of laundry . plissken grab he by the collar , drag he off toward a exit ... ext . forum parking lot - night cuervo Jones , utopia , xi-ping and they man rush out to the caravan of wait vehicle . xi- ping have he own armada of vehicle and a army of evil- look guard . cuervo Jones pull xi-ping aside . cuervo jone that man in black . he 's very dangerous . XI - ping one eye ? cuervo jone yes . we gotta dump he . XI - ping what do he want ? cuervo jone ( glance at the prototype ) I be betting the cop send he in . man , I do not need this . I get a war to win . another exit - the forum as plissken drag map to the star Eddie out into the night , crouch behind a row of car , watch cuervo Jones ' caravan start they engine . plissken shake map to the star Eddie , waking he ... plissken where be they go ? map to the star eddie ( groggy ) oh , man ... you do not have to hit I , snake . I can help you . plissken shove the barrel of he pistol up against map to the star Eddie 's temple . map to the star eddie bankrupt City . the happy Kingdom . ( beat ) snake , cuervo 's hook up with xi-ping . he be primetime , man - mister bad News . the rest of the city 's join up with them . ( beat ) you be shit outta luck , snake . plissken reach into a pocket , come out with the large black clip , slip it on he 9 mm pistol . plissken not yet . map to the star eddie I could have help you . we coulda make a deal with cuervo . if you would listen ... without look , plissken slam he elbow into map to the star Eddie 's jaw with a whack ! he flop unconscious on the pavement ... cuervo Jones ' caravan lead by that huge cadillac on monster wheel , move away from the Forum toward a exit . plissken move after they , ducking behind the row of car ... forum exist the caravan pick up speed as it approach the exit ... plissken appear behind a old truck , just as the cadillac move past he . he crouch on the ball of he foot , and as the rear of the caddy drift closer , he spring ... and grab on to the rear bumper . the monster wheel spin like huge , black scythes on either side of he . plissken reach under the caddy , find a purchase on the undercarriage , and swing under the cadillac . he hang dangle above the street by one hand as the caravan pull out onto Manchester . with the other he raise he 9 mm and aim it at the undercarriage , right about where the front seat should be ... blam , blam , blam , blam ! int . cadillac - night the front seat explode , bullet scream upward through the leather seat , tear and shredd fabric and flesh , kill the driver and xi-ping instantly ! in the back seat sit cuervo Jones and utopia . the caddy begin to swerve , the wheel spin . cuervo Jones lunge forward across the seat and grab it . under the cadillac , plissken continue to fire : blam , blam , blam , blam ! the front seat disintegrate . Metal , leather , pad fly everywhere . cuervo Jones duck against the door , cover he face with one hand , still grasp the wheel with the other . kawhump ! the entire front seat and floor underneath it fall down out of the cadillac and hit the street below . the body of the driver and X - ping flop under the monster wheel . plissken swing over to the hole and pull himself up into the open that use to be the front seat . cuervo Jones stare at he in total shock , but before he can speak ... plissken rip the prototype out of he hand ! then jump into the back seat next to utopia . then grab she and turn to the side door . cuervo Jones release the wheel for a moment , turn to grab plissken ... but plissken open the side door , kick it wide , and with utopia under he arm , slide across the seat ... ... and sail out of the cadillac ... cuervo jone no ! plissken and utopia fly through the air , and land with a thud on top of a mescalito car as the cadillac begin to swerve wildly . cuervo Jones grab the wheel , desperately try to control the caddy ... but fail . the cadillac careen off the street , slam into the palm tree , spin around and crash into the remain of a hot dog stand . on the roof of the mescalito car plissken and utopia roll and tumble . he still have a hold of she , and she fight he tooth and nail ... utopia lemme go ...! inside the mescalito car the driver swerve , hit the brake ... and the car hop the curb , slide along the sidewalk , burn rubber . plissken and utopia be throw forward . they tumble off the roof ... across the hood ... and land on the sidewalk in front of the car . they roll to a stop , as the car screech to a stop , inch from they head , as the caravan suddenly put on its brake . scream tire . Cars jackknife , spin in a massive traffic collision ... cuervo Jones emerge from the remain of the cadillac . plissken drag utopia into the street , grab the lid of a manhole in the street , pries it up ... mescalitos pour out of they vehicle , as cuervo Jones charge into the street , point at plissken ... cuervo jone kill he , kill he ...! plissken lift utopia to she feel , haul she over to the manhole open , and dive inside ... just as the mescalitos open fire ! the street around the manhole open explode with scream hot lead ... int . sewer tunnel - night plissken and utopia land in the half - fill storm drain . he get to he foot , pull she with he , and head off sloshing through the water . the sound of gunfire echoe above they ... ext . manchester avenue cuervo Jones and the mescalitos charge the open manhole as map to the star Eddie appear groggily shuffle up the street from the Forum ... map to the star eddie ( grin to himself ) good thinkin ' , snake . he head off down the street ... int . sewer tunnel plissken and utopia race along through the water . he literally have to drag she with he . they turn a corner , go down another slimy drain away from the main tunnel ... int . underground passage - night the black belly of the sewer system . plissken and utopia move along , slow as they come to ... the sheer , pitch -black drop off one side of the passage , the same one we see earlier on we journey with pendejo Bob . plissken spin utopia around , push she backward toward the drop - off , he eye burn into she ... her foot reach the very edge . plissken hold she there . utopia 's face be a mask of sheer terror . she gulp air in staccato burst ... beat . beat . plissken can not do it . he can not push she off . he release she , back up , look at the prototype , then pull one of he revolver from its holster , cock the hammer , aim ... utopia my ... father send you ... do not he ? ( beat ) he send you to kill I ... plissken raise the pistol . she 's dead in he sight . utopia do not he ? ( begin to cry ) but plissken can not . he can not kill she . the toughest man on planet Earth can not kill this 17 - year - old runaway . plissken shit . plissken sag , click the hammer back , holster the gun . he stare at she . plissken get out of here . utopia wipe she eye , confuse , afraid . plissken I say go ! slowly utopia move from the edge of the drop off , start away down the tunnel , then stop , look back at plissken . she stare at the prototype in plissken 's hand ... utopia do not take it back . do not give it to he . please . let I have it . plissken glance at the prototype , then at she . plissken what do this thing do ? utopia ( she eye grow wide ) no ! kablam ! plissken 's shoulder explode as a bullet tear through he flesh ! he spin , drop the prototype ... ... as map to the star Eddie emerge from the darkness of the sewer tunnel . he hold a gun in one hand , aim ... kablam ! he fire again , hit plissken 's leg . plissken stagger backward toward the edge of the drop off , as map to the star Eddie move quickly forward ... ... and snatch the prototype from the wet floor . plissken 's gun hand be useless , numb from the shoulder wound . he slowly , painfully transfer the pistol to the other hand , try to raise it ... map to the star eddie so long , snake . map to the star Eddie take aim - a head shot ... plissken spin , and dive off the edge ... ... down into the drop off ... plissken' body airborne . falling through black space . down , down , down , straight to hell below , until we can not see he anymore as the darkness swallow he up ... map to the star Eddie step to the ledge , look down , as cuervo Jones and he mescalitos slog up through the tunnel . cuervo jone where be he ? map to the star eddie he jump . down there . ( beat ) he 's dead , cuervo . I do it . I kill plissken . cuervo Jones look over the edge , at the silent blackness below . then he turn to map to the star Eddie . cuervo jone give it to I . map to the star eddie you say I could be vice - President , cuervo . you right -hand man . cuervo jone ( extend he hand ) give it . map to the star eddie sure , cuervo , but look here . I have do it all , man . I kill plissken , I get you girl back , I get it all . just for you , cuervo . just for you . Dead silence . cuervo Jones stand with he hand extend . finally map to the star Eddie give up , start to hand cuervo the prototype ... ... but slip on the wet floor ... ... and drop the prototype with a clank ! close - prototype a red light come on , blink urgently . prototype voice ( tiny , filter ) I be now armed and ready for use . use extreme caution . the location of the effect blast area can only be determine by the orbital position of the satstar Ring . everyone in the tunnel be freeze , unable to move . slowly cuervo Jones pick up the prototype , stare at it , then break into a smile ... cuervo jone this be turn out to be my lucky day . ( stare coldly at map to the star Eddie ) get this asshole outta here . several mescalitos grab map to the star Eddie , pull he back along the tunnel . map to the star eddie cuervo , wait . please ... cuervo Jones turn to utopia , who stand numbly stare off at the drop-off . he walk over to she , then slap she hard , viciously , across the face . utopia react to the sting slap . utopia cuervo ...? cuervo jone you be my woman , you understand ? you do not let anybody take you away from I without a fight . utopia I try ... cuervo jone ( in she face ) nobody leave cuervo Jones . not unless you give you life . you fight till you be dead . then I forgive you . ( scream ) understand ? ( shake she ) understand ? utopia yes ... he shove she down the tunnel ... cuervo jone let 's go . the other follow they ... ext . manchester avenue - night as cuervo Jones and utopia emerge from the manhole cover , hear the sound of hundred of helicopter rise . cuervo jone ( look up ) look , baby . they be all mine . Pov - the sky above Manchester and the Forum be fill with helicopter . all model , all make , mostly the older , discard military blood Phoenix 14 - blade attack chopper that scream through the blackness like scythe-slash robot bug . they be on they way southeast , toward Orange County . ext . sky view of L.A. by night look out at L.A. from above mount Lee , see the Hollywood sign , and wave after wave of helicopter thunder across the city . angle on the twin tower of century CITY they be like buck tooth , sheer off and crumble , stick up in to the sky . chopper roar overhead . a group of vagrant cluster around a camp fire on the top floor of one of the tower . they be watch a futuristic big-spin lotto on a large screen tv . the sound of the chopper bring they to the edge of the building - the wall of the floor beneath have be tear away . desk , furniture , rug , everything hang out over the empty space . ext . firebase seven - night pandemonium . troops , vehicle , helicopter , everything be in urgent motion . a loudspeaker voice blare : police voice ( v.o. ) full stage battle alert . all personnel to battle station . int . hallway into command hq - MAIN control room - night malloy , the President and brazen charge down a hallway into Command hq . the place be jump . full scramble alert . malloy a sky full of enemy chopper on radar . move over the city to the southeast . a com Officer rush up to malloy ... com officer Commander - massive vehicle and troop movement on the ground . all major street lead to the southeast . president what be they do ? malloy look at the President grimly . malloy get ready to invade . president ( beat ) so where 's plissken ? darkness creaking . the whoosh of something swinging through the air ... a huge blue eye open . look around . darkness plissken 's boot be hook in a twisted wire mesh ... darkness and then plissken swing like a pendulum , hang from a long strand of wire mesh attach somewhere above in the blackness . plissken 's eye blink . the darkness begins to reveal detail : slimy wall . below , a black pit of hell . wind gush . and then a light stab across the void ... close - plissken ... the light hit plissken 's good eye ... the light be from inside the eye of pendejo Bob . he stand on a small ledge , at the mouth of a cave lead into the howling pit . pendejo bob hey , snake . you okay ? ( unhook the lariat ) I hear gunfire down here ... ( begin to swing the rope ) never be down this far before ... ( swing the rope in a huge arc ) grab this . pendejo Bob toss the lariat . the noose fly across the pit , and plissken grab it with he good hand . pendejo bob now hang on . plissken wrap he good hand and arm in the noose , as pendejo Bob jerk the line hard . plissken be in mid-sw , and the rope jerk pull he abruptly in the opposite direction ... plissken 's boot slip out of the wire mesh ... and plissken fall like a brick , stop abruptly as the line catch , and swing against the side of the pit . he dangle with only he one good arm hold on to the rope . pendejo Bob pull the line upward , strain against plissken 's weight . slowly plissken rise , a tug at a time , haul up the edge of the pit toward the cave above ... ... when suddenly he pass another open , a storm drain below pendejo Bob . he swing into the drain , grasp the side with he hand , and pull himself in ... pendejo Bob stare down at he rope disappear into the side of the pit . pendejo bob hey , snake ... where be you ? plissken crawl into the slimy drain , pull the rope off of he . ahead in the darkness be the rush of water . he turn on weak leg , back toward the pit behind he . bleed . numb in one hand . his leg on fire . plissken ( yell ) I be in another open ... Storm drain ... there may be another way up to you ... plissken crawl along the drain . the sound of rush water get louder . he come to the edge of the drain . right below he be another drain fill with water rush through it like a river . plissken be stick . he turn , in great pain , and start back toward the pit ... when suddenly everything start shaking . boom . it 's a small earthquake , a pre-shock . SNAP ! suddenly the concrete bottom on which he stand give way , crack , disintegrate ... and plissken fall backward into the rush water , and be pull suddenly downstream into the drain , disappear from sight ... pendejo bob stands silently above , listen ... pendejo bob snake ... ( no reply ) snake ! boom . the whole pit shudder , shaking . another earthquake . pendejo Bob drop the rope , turn and dash away down the vibrate storm drain ... ext . STORM drain - wilshire canyon - night Black oil - slicked water rush in the moonlight , out of a huge open in what appear to be a canyon wall . close on the edge of the drain as a arm shoot out , clutching the edge of the drain . plissken emerge from the hole , slide out , tumble down to a water - fill canyon bottom . he lie there for a moment , try to focus he eye . stab pain in he shoulder and leg . finally he rise unsteadily to he foot , look around , try to get he bearing . he find himself at the bottom of ... the wilshire canyon straight down wilshire boulevard be a enormous canyon , a river bottom gouge out of concrete in the big earthquake . at least 30 foot deep , it be a vast trough lead past skyscraper and building above , off into the distance . plissken warily glance at he watch : 1 hour 10 minute to go . suddenly plissken be strike by a pair of headlight . pipeline 's dune buggy come bump along the canyon bottom , sloshing through water , pull up next to plissken . pipeline snake . saw you at the game tonight . great shot. ( stare at he ) you look like shit . plissken hobble over to the dune buggy as pipeline get out . pipeline you feel that pre-shock , snake ? pipeline unty the various surfboard he have lash to the rear of the buggy . he lift one down and sling it under he arm . pipeline could be a big one comin ' any minute now ... plissken where 's ... cuervo Jones ...? pipeline Long go . you will never catch up with he now , snake . plissken where ? pipeline Anaheim . headquarters for everything . the whole town 's gonna be there . thing changin ' fast around here , snake . it 's not the same as the old day , man . a thumping sound skyward . more chopper thunder over they , on they way southeast . plissken grab pipeline with he good hand ... plissken take I there ... but he 's too weak . his hand slide off . plissken sink to he knee . pipeline stare at he . pipeline you be not doin ' so good , snake . you need help . ( bend down , help plissken to he foot ) you should talk to hershe . she hate cuervo . they use to be partner , but they split up . plissken who ? pipeline hershe . she life downtown with mojo dellasandro in the big boat . down that way . pipeline point down the canyon to the east . pipeline she 's connect with the Black Cowboys , and they do not take shit from nobody ... suddenly that booming , shudder rumble begin . the canyon start to shake . the water in the canyon floor sloshes wildly . pipeline yo ' , man . it 's a big one . and the earthquake hit like a roaring sledgehammer . the wall of the canyon crack . plissken and pipeline be throw to the ground . skyscraper above they on wilshire rock and tremble in the quake . piece of the building sheer off , fall . a parking garage cave in . Thunder shake the earth around plissken and pipeline . the canyon floor split open . Water pour into the crack . huge boulder - size chunks of concrete tumble down the canyon wall . and then suddenly it all stop . the booming subside . the earth stop shaking . plissken and pipeline get to they foot , look around . the water around they continue to slosh about violently . pipeline tsunami , snake . his eye wide , a smile on he face , pipeline hurry over to the dune buggy , grab another surfboard from the back , hand it to plissken . pipeline surf 's up big time . now there be another deep sound rise , come from the west behind they : a bass roar that slowly climb from the very bottom of the register upward , as if some massive wall of doom be on its way ... pipeline kneel , position he surfboard in he hand . pipeline get ready , snake . it 's gonna be some kinda ride . plissken look behind he ... Pov - the front edge of the tsunami be blast down the wilshire Canyon , come right for they . it be a 25 - foot wall of ocean water , move fast , bellow like a thunderclap . plissken see he can not climb out of the canyon in time , move over to pipeline , kneel down ... pipeline let the front edge pick you up . do not get on you board till it peak . behind they , the tsunami slam along the canyon , come right for they . pipeline do not lose it , man . you slip off you board and it 's the Big wipeout , you know what I mean ? the roaring be so loud it 's like be on the inside of a cannon barrel . the tsunami be 100 foot away ... 75 foot ... 50 foot ... 25 foot ... it roll up right behind they ... pipeline hang on , snake ! ( yell ) yaaaaaaa !!!! the front edge of the tsunami sweep under they . pipeline and plissken push off from the canyon floor just as the water shovel they upward like a cow catcher on a train . the water sweep they up until they disappear under the blackness ... until suddenly pipeline pop up on top of the tsunami , riding on he surfboard , arm outstretch , foot brace . and then plissken pop up beside he , surfing clumsily on top of the tsunami wave , kneel on he surfboard . they blast down wilshire Canyon at 80 mile a hour . plissken be wobbly on the surfboard , but he manage to stay on top of the wave . finally , he get the hang of it , glance over at pipeline , who grin from ear to ear . pipeline awesome , snake . awesome , man ! plissken look up ahead ... he Pov - moving through wilshire canyon five foot from street level . a old van speed along what 's leave of wilshire boulevard , right on the canyon 's edge . it veer around debris in the street , change lane suddenly , hell bent for leather . plissken and pipeline move closer and closer to the van as the tsunami sweep they along . now they move alongside the van and plissken stare over ... closer - the van behind the wheel be map to the star Eddie , drive like a lunatic , he tooth bare and set , madder than shit . plissken 's eye widen , burn . plissken ( to pipeline ) see you later . and suddenly plissken shift he weight , and the surfboard tip and slide sideways , across the surface of the tsunami all the way over to the edge , right next to the van . map to the star Eddie glance to he leave ... he Pov - plissken be surfing the tsunami not 10 foot away from he . map to the star Eddie stare in absolute horror . plissken tip the board again , and slide another 5 foot closer ... as map to the star eddie jam the pedal , and the van scream forward ... as plissken stands up and leap from the surfboard ... for a moment he be airborne , leaping across the gap to the van ... and slam into the side of the van . he grab on to the roof , hang on with one hand , he body whipping against the rock , buck side . map to the star Eddie start swerving , try to throw plissken off . ext . van - wilshire boulevard the van shoot back and forth across wilshire , plissken dangle inch from the tsunami-filled canyon . plissken pull himself up and crawl onto the roof ... inside the van map to the star Eddie pull he gun , cock it ... when suddenly plissken 's hand snake down from the roof , reach in the driver 's window , grab he hair , and slam he forehead into the steering wheel with a thock ! map to the star Eddie go out like a light . he slump over in the seat ... but he foot be stick on the accelerator . plissken grab the wheel with he leave hand , and manage to steer the van from the roof . the van lurch wildly , hit a chunk of concrete in the street , skid , fishtail violently from the impact . it smashes against the curb , screech and bump along concrete . map to the star Eddie 's foot be bump right off the accelerator , and the van slow to a wobble , grind stop . plissken slowly climb down from the roof , open the driver 's door , shove map to the star Eddie out of the way , and jump in . int . van - night plissken pull out into the street and speed off down wilshire . map to the star Eddie start to come around . plissken grab he gun , cock it , put the barrel up against map to the star Eddie 's temple just as he come to . plissken listen up . I need direction . downtown . somebody name hershe . map to the star eddie sure , snake . no problem . ( groggy ) you gonna kill I ? plissken later . map to the star eddie I could not help it , snake . I have to shoot you . cuervo make I do it , I swear to God , man . plissken cease fire with the bullshit . map to the star eddie right . keep goin ' straight . two block down , turn right . close on a tv screen cuervo Jones ' image fill the screen . he address the camera , hold the prototype in he hand . cuervo jone abandon you firebase by 0500 hour . have the news media stand by for my coronation . I be arrive in style . pull back from the tv screen to reveal we be in ... int . MAIN control room - command hq - night malloy , the President , brazen , and the other controller and Police personnel stare silently at they tv screen . brazen he must be bounce the signal from one of we communication satellite . president that mean cablenet have already pick it up . this thing 's go live all over the country . cuervo jone ( on the tv ) it 's a brand new day comin ' up this morning , and I be just so proud to be lead the parade . see you soon , puto . ssszzz . the image blink off into static . a grim silence . malloy the prototype appear to be armed , Mr. President . ( the President nod grimly ) shall I begin evacuation ? president do he know how to activate it ? malloy well , yeah . all you have to do be push the button . brazen what about plissken ? he could still be - president forget he . he 's dead . malloy that may not be true , Mr. President . ( beat ) he 's one tough case . plissken 's be dead so many time I can not count . but he never stay down . a long beat . malloy there be two choice , Mr. President . wait for plissken , or surrender . it 's you decision . the President sigh heavily . ext . downtown L.A. - night jamme next to the remain of the bonaventure Hotel be the Queen Mary , permanently dry-dock between the break skyscraper by the Big one . the van stop next to a huge hole in the side of the ship . int . queen mary - night the glow of map to the star Eddie 's flashlight take he and plissken deeper and deeper into the hulk remain of the ship . int . deck of shop - night they walk through a dimly light area line with shop . they glass display window be cover with layer of impenetrable dirt . int . long corridor - night they enter a long , narrow corridor . at the end be a doorway . there be light in the room beyond . int . victorian swimming pool - night plissken and map to the star Eddie enter a long room light by gas jet on the wall . in it be a crumble , victorian swim pool . a heavy mist rise from the pool 's surface and hang over everything . at the far end be a group of people . spinal and the Black cowboy gang . boot , spur , duster , and gun . mojo dellasandro . jamaican voodoo witch doctor . a brutal , scowling face . and a beautiful woman in a bathing suit , she back face we . plissken and map to the star Eddie approach . map to the star eddie hey , hershe . how're you doin ' ? the woman turn and face they . this be hershe , a absolutely drop-dead , gorgeous transvestite who look completely convincing as a woman but talk in Isaac haye ' voice . spinal ( eye brighten ) hershe - it 's snake plissken . map to the star eddie yeah , hershe . I bring he to see you . plissken walk right up to hershe , have no reaction at all to the transvestite . plissken I need a favor . hershe what 's in it for I ? plissken stare , a glimmer of recognition on he face . plissken wait a minute . I know that voice . ( beat ) you be carjack malone . hershe not anymore . spinal you two know each other ? plissken be seethe . hershe remain calm , glacial . plissken you owe I . you leave I holdin ' everything back there in Cleveland . spinal ( astound ) hershe , you be in Cleveland ? plissken yeah . with I and Texas Mike o'shay . hershe I be call away on urgent business , snake . plissken do not lie to I . hershe all right , so I make another deal . plissken I get a new deal for you . plissken raise map to the star Eddie 's gun , aim it right between hershe 's eye . plissken you help I , you live . the other tense , hand on gun . spinal I would not be doin ' that , snake . hershe we have a little arrangement . anything happen to I , you be dead . plissken I be already dead . hershe ( long beat ) I see you point . what 's the favor ? plissken ( look at he watch ) get I to cuervo Jones . get I to the Kingdom . I get one hour . hershe dream on , blue eye . plissken say goodnight , carjack . plissken cock he gun , start to squeeze the trigger ... hershe wait a minute . all right . hold on . spinal cuervo Jones have more firepower than two army . no one get near he . map to the star eddie and he 's get the prototype . and the girl . he hold all the card . hershe exactly what be this prototype ? what do it do ? map to the star eddie you push the button , it send a signal to a ring of space defense satellite . they be orbit bomb . nuke . they explode . huge space burst . ( beat ) emp . electromagnetic pulse . it happen instantly when a nuke be airburst . emp shut down every power source below the satellite - instantly . all electrical device , computer , car , airplane , city . it 's the dark age again . hershe so whoever have it run the show . map to the star eddie they be gonna use it on South America , Africa , Asia - any country hostile to the United States . spinal only cuervo 's get it now . map to the star eddie and that ring of satellite will be in position over the U.S. at 5:00 a.m. this morning . plissken how do you know all this ? map to the star eddie I use to represent the guy who invent it . I swear to God , snake . no bullshit . a long silence . hershe so what 's the deal , gorgeous ? plissken we get the girl and the prototype . and we get out . spinal all of we ? plissken yeah . map to the star eddie I too ? plissken ( stare at he hard ) we will see . hershe why should we leave ? I love l.a . where we gonna go ? what 's the payoff ? spinal I would like to get out but I do not have enough money . plissken the President 's promise to give whoever help I 1 million dollar . spinal yeah ? greenback ? I get ten million of they . plissken uh-uh . blueback . this get everyone 's attention . map to the star eddie aw , come on , snake . plissken blueback . I be not bullshittin' . I swear to God . hershe I do not know , sound thin to I . plissken you want to stay here , while cuervo Jones rule the world ? hershe ( grim ) no , that suck . ( beat ) how be we get out ? plissken I do not know yet . spinal shit . hershe you always be a loser , plissken . makin ' thing up as you go along . that 's why I cut out on you in Cleveland . you be just a bum like the rest of we . smoke have begin to drift into the pool area . mojo dellasandro ( a soft voice ) use the air . they look at he . mojo dellasandro they be burn . Santa anas . the night wind . spinal what be you talk about , mojo ? mojo dellasandro death from above ... ext . queen mary - night plissken , hershe , map to the star Eddie , spinal and the Black cowboy gang stand on the top deck of the Queen Mary . mojo dellasandro strap each man into he own hang glider rig . the wind whip around they . the hillside in the distance be on fire . they look like strange oversize moth line up on the edge of the deck . the wind pick up map to the star Eddie 's rig . he bump up and down , side to side , buffete wildly until mojo dellasandro bring he back down to the decking . map to the star eddie I do not know about this thing . plissken do not like it , do not come . spinal where would you get this rig , carjack ? hershe my name be hershe hernandez , do you understand , cowboy ? as mojo dellasandro pass out various weapon to the man , map to the star Eddie lean over to plissken , they hang glider rig thumping clumsily into each other . Eddie hold up that small , metal - plate portable radio he be carry when we first meet he . map to the star eddie I get a idea , snake . ( show plissken the radio ) this look like the prototype , right ? plissken yeah , kinda . map to the star eddie so maybe we can pull off a Texas switch on cuervo . plissken if he let you get close enough . hershe the wind 's up . let 's go . the man brace themselves . map to the star Eddie look like he want to die . hershe look over at plissken and grin . hershe see you in hell , snake . plissken if I be late , carjack , do not start without I . with that plissken launch himself off the deck , sailing out over open space , then down toward the street ... plissken gliding through the air , as the wind pick he upward . he arc away from the street level , up toward the remain of the downtown skyscraper . behind he , one after another , the group take off into the wind , diving , rise with the wind . map to the star Eddie make a rapid suicidal dive right down toward the pavement below . he scream like a madman until the wind lift he at the last possible second . ext . top of skyscraper - night the group of hang glider sweep past the building . a bracero family be have dinner by candlelight two foot from the edge of a sheer precipice , as the side of the skyscraper they live in have be tear off . they wave to plissken as he pass . two floor down , someone have hook up huge speaker and a croaking male voice be sing a barbra streisand hit to a background track . a beautiful girl in a sheer diaphanous gown dance far out on a narrow girder , wave a scarf at the moon . plissken and the other now fly in formation , like avenge bat through the night , except for map to the star Eddie who keep rise and plunging violently , barely in control . ext . disneyland - night a army of vehicle and people pour into disneyland - but it 's a disneyland go to hell . a huge sign read : " the happy kingdom " the gate no longer exist . the overhead tram lie break on the ground . slowly vehicle drive straight inside ... a batter old limousine carry cuervo Jones and a grim-look utopia past the ruin of the train and around the ghost - town square of Main Street . ahead be the fairy castle , break and crumble , like some relic from a nightmare . around it be the thrill ride , toss in to a jumble mass by the force of the original earthquake . crowd be wait . gang of every conceivable description . ethic gang . female gang . gang of child . also family with hanger - on . as soon as the limousine appear , the crowd begin cheer . int . limousine - night cuervo Jones stare out at the mass . cuervo jone they be simple people . they love a party . ( turn to utopia ) we be gonna throw they one hell of a party when we get to America . right ? utopia be silent , sullen . cuervo raise he hand to she and she jump , cower . cuervo jone put a smile on you face . a terrify smile spread across utopia 's face . ext . MAIN STREET - night as the limousine inch down Main Street , suddenly a wall of headlight pop on . 100 or so batter old vintage chevy rev they engine , begin bounce up and down wildly on hydraulic lift . gang begin cheer , fire they weapon into the air like New Year 's Eve . at the end of Main Street be a huge open area - almost a arena , beyond which be park a literal army of helicopter . as the limousine stop , and cuervo Jones emerge , utopia on he arm , the cheer begin , a wall of sound through the park . Three Black Muslims step out to greet cuervo , dress in turban- like headgear and sunglass , wear black cape and carry old Thompson machine gun . they stop , give the right - hand power salute . one of they , bivouac , speak to cuervo . bivouac cuervo Jones . welcome , my brother . cuervo Jones turn to the crowd , extend he arm . cuervo jone be you ready for the New World ? and the loudest , longest cheer you have ever hear go up . ext . skie above disneyland - night plissken and the group sail through the sky like silent avenge angel toward disneyland below they and several mile away . plissken glance at he wrist watch . only 20 minute leave . map to the star Eddie swing wildly over in he direction , manage to stabilize he glider for a few moment . plissken be that what I think it be ? map to the star eddie yeah . the place keep change owner . finally go bankrupt . that thing in Paris kill them . hershe and spinal sweep over next to plissken and fly in close formation . hershe snake . we need some kind of diversion . a beat later all of they look over at map to the star Eddie . ext . MAIN STREET - the arena - night cuervo Jones lead utopia toward a large attack helicopter out in front of all the other . the chopper be all start up , roaring , blade turn . suddenly shoot down out of the sky be a scream , yell , map to the star Eddie diving out of control , eye wide as he pass cuervo Jones and utopia . map to the star eddie cuervo . hey , man , I make it ! I make it ! wait for I ... kawhump ! map to the star Eddie crash land into the ruin of a fast food restaurant - kacrunch ! a beat or so later he stagger out of the rig , dizzy and confuse . map to the star eddie hey cuervo ... cuervo Jones turn to bivouac . cuervo jone would you please kill he for I ? bivouac my pleasure . bivouac raise he machine gun ... map to the star eddie cuervo , wait ! I get news . there 's about to be a attack . cuervo hold up he hand , stop bivouac . everyone tense . map to the star Eddie race over ... map to the star eddie you be about to get hit , cuervo . it 's plissken . cuervo jone you tell I he be dead . map to the star eddie I think he be , but he come back . cuervo jone where ? map to the star Eddie move close to cuervo , out of breath , look like he may faint ... map to the star eddie oh cuervo ... cuervo jone ( long beat ) what ? map to the star eddie ( stalling ) it 's so good to see you again . cuervo jone where 's plissken ? map to the star eddie he 's ... near . cuervo jone you be stalling , eddie. ( grab he ) talk , you little gringo ! map to the star eddie ( eye wide ) cuervo , look out behind you ! map to the star Eddie suddenly grab cuervo as if to protect he , and manage to wrap himself around the prototype in cuervo 's hand . at the same moment bivouac and the Black Muslim open fire on a old storefront behind cuervo Jones . the place be shred . cuervo Jones pull map to the star Eddie up off the ground , and grab what look like the prototype out of he clutches . cuervo jone you have lie to I for the very last time . cuervo Jones pull out a pistol , cock it , aim at map to the star Eddie 's face ... kabloom ! no , not the pistol . a huge explosion rock Main Street . whoosh ! suddenly out of the night sky spinal and the Black Cowboys dive right down across Main Street . kablam ! another explosion send everyone scurrying for cover . spinal pull the pin on a grenade , throw it ... blamm ! bloom ! explosion erupt everywhere ! cuervo Jones grab utopia , turn to run toward to the lead helicopter when ... plissken roar down out of the sky and he he full force . cuervo , plissken and the hang glider go tumble and crash in a heap . series of fast cut : Chaos and pandemonium . hershe dive down over the gang , rip hellfire from he automatic rifle . people run . explosion . map to the star Eddie grab utopia . plissken and cuervo Jones get to they foot and have at it ! through flame and run people plissken and cuervo battle . in cuervo 's hand be a long black knife . just as he 's plunging it , plissken step aside and grab he . lock together , they battle savagely . the knife cut plissken 's chest . cuervo move for plissken 's throat . plissken smashes he in the face . they both grip the knife in a deadlock . from above , spinal dive down and hurl a grenade . cuervo and plissken disappear in a huge flash of fire and smoke as the grenade erupt out of the pavement nearby . when the smoke clear , three thing be on the ground . plissken . cuervo Jones . the prototype . instantly plissken and cuervo dive for the prototype . plissken have it , kick cuervo in the face , drag himself to he foot and take off run ( as fast as a man can run with one bullet in he leg ) map to the star Eddie drag utopia toward the lead helicopter , as hershe come in for a landing . spinal come in for a landing , continue to throw grenade . the other Black Cowboys land , provide cover fire . plissken race for the chopper . behind he , cuervo Jones be on he foot and in pursuit . hershe open fire at cuervo . cuervo dive behind a smoking , burn chevy . int . helicopter cockpit as everyone scramble in . a Black cowboy be hit by gunfire , slide down the bulkhead and out the door . plissken jump in the leave seat , take the control . utopia and map to the star Eddie both climb in the right seat together . the other be in the back , fire back at the gang . plissken pull in power . close - rotor R.P.M. gauge the needle 's at 100 % plus . full power . ext . lead helicopter the lead chopper shudder , try to get off the ground . gunfire continue . int . helicopter the ship shake violently . plissken she 's overload ! we be too heavy . hershe ( scream from the rear compartment ) somebody get off ! spinal ( glare at he ) who ? all eye quickly move to map to the star Eddie ... kablam ! bullet rip through the windscreen . Pov - a army of gang be move , through the smoke , charge the ship ! int . lead helicopter the ship tremble . plissken move he foot , jam in the leave tail - rotor pedal all the way . ext . the lead helicopter rotates , turn around 180 degree on the ground , push by the tail rotor force . the cyclic control as plissken inch it forward ... the helicopter begins slide across the ground , skid grind along the pavement , spark fly - slowly at first , now pick up speed ... in the cockpit , the ship lurch and jump and slam ! everyone be bounce around . the helicopter move fast now - faster - low angle on the skid as they rise up , a inch off the ground - then two inch - then a foot - cuervo Jones emerge from the smoke , run ahead of the other gang , barrel toward the ever- so- slowly rise chopper ... the lead helicopter as it lift - five foot - climb ... the helicopter pull away from the charge gang and cuervo 's sprinting figure . Pov through windscreen see the matterhorn ahead , come closer and closer . hershe lean out the door . hershe we be not gonna make it over the fuckin ' mountain ! the helicopter move right toward the edge of the matterhorn , 15 foot ... 10 ... plissken try to maneuver out of the way ... 8 foot ... 5 ... the helicopter wobble over the top of the mountain , the right skid catch on the matterhorn 's edge ! a horrible crack sound , and the right skid be rip off from its front mount , hang half off the ship ! on the ground , cuervo Jones jump into one of the wait helicopter as now the gang race into ship and begin lift off into the sky . finally cuervo 's chopper lift off ... ext . firebase seven - night a alarm horn sound . everyone be on the move . int . MAIN control room - command hq - night a crowd surround a computer screen with a small green blip move over a grid of L.A. com officer aircraft leave the island , sir . it 's pass into restrict space , head this way . malloy , the President , and brazen exchange glance . president be it plissken ? nobody know . com officer Commander , I be get radio contact with the aircraft . malloy boost it . the com Officer flip a switch , and we hear plissken 's voice booming through hq . plissken ( v.o. ) get ready , shithead . we be comin ' in . president thank God . malloy ( grab a radio mike ) plissken - this be malloy . do you have the prototype ? int . lead helicopter - night plissken ( into he radio ) yeah , I get it . plissken glance at the transistor radio in he hand , shove it in he boot , reach he hand out to map to the star Eddie . plisske ( to map to the star Eddie ) now give I the real one . utopia stare into plissken 's eye . map to the star Eddie shrug innocently map to the star eddie I could not make the switch , snake . I do not have it . suddenly utopia reach into map to the star Eddie 's coat and pull out the real prototype . she hand it to plissken utopia now we be even , snake . map to the star Eddie make a lunge for it , but plissken whacks he in the face . his head bob slowly back and forth for a moment , then he slump in the seat . int . MAIN control room - command hq - night malloy set up in the staging area for landing . com officer Commander malloy - he 's get lot of company . malloy and the other look at the computer screen . plissken 's green blip be follow by hundred of other green blip all rapidly close in on he ... malloy Battle station ... the room spring into action ... int . lead helicopter - night plissken I think we have burn off enough fuel . we may be lighter enough to hover . just barely . hershe can you land ? plissken no . the right skid 's break . if I try to set it down she will crash . I have to stay in a hoverwhile you jump off . ( beat as plissken look at utopia ) hey , carjack . we gotta hide the girl . give she you dress . hershe ( ice cold ) my name be no longer carjack . will you please get that through you fuck head ? spinal Holy shit . they look , as suddenly the night sky on either side of they be fill with gang helicopter ! ext . sky over the san fernando sea - night the lead helicopter be surround by enemy chopper . above , below , on either side . right next to plissken , cuervo 's chopper pull up just ten foot away . cuervo grin out at plissken evilly , unhook himself from he seat ... on the other side , another chopper with bivouac and the Black Muslims pull up . in the rear compartment , a Black Muslim aim what look like a huge harpoon gun mount to the floor . kawham ! the line shoot out and a gleam grapple hook slam into the side of plissken 's chopper , the prong claw in , hold . in the lead helicopter , the Black Cowboys , spinal and hershe aim they weapon . plissken do not shoot ! they can drag we down into the sea . cuervo Jones leap from the open door of he chopper , fly through space , land on plissken 's door with a whump ! he smashes through the side window and grab plissken . kablam ! kablam ! gang chopper open fire , riddling the rear compartment with bullet . spinal and several Black Cowboys be hit ! plissken fight cuervo through the door . plissken ( to utopia ) take the control ! utopia stare at he . utopia what do I do ? but cuervo wrench the door open , grab plissken , and pull he out of the seat . utopia grab the control . the lead helicopter go wild , lurching and swinging and drop . plissken and cuervo be lock in a death grip , hang on to the doorway , one foot in , one foot out . plissken embrace cuervo and throw they both over the edge ... they fall through space , lock together , until ... whap ! they be jolted to a dead stop , swinging in mid-air , plissken 's arm wrap around the dangle right skid . the lead helicopter buck and spin and swing , plissken and cuervo suspend below , struggle to the death , whipped back and forth by the helicopter 's gyration . in the cockpit , utopia grab the control . the ship be shaking , swinging like a pendulum . hershe be hit with gunfire , flop in the rear compartment . map to the star Eddie slowly regains consciousness , stare in horror at utopia . map to the star eddie where 's plissken ? outside , cuervo clutches plissken around the neck , struggle and thrashing . plissken head butt he , dazing he for a second ... ka-crack ! the dangle skid be break loose from its mount on the helicopter above . plissken and cuervo Jones stare up , then at each other , then both begin pull themselves up the skid , climb hand over hand , in a desperate race ... both man reach the bottom of the helicopter and leap across to the leave skid as the dangle right skid break off and fall into the San Fernando Sea . plissken and cuervo kick at each other . plissken slide away from he , look up ... see the grapple hook stick into the side of the helicopter ... plissken swing up , straddle the skid . he reach up and begin pry loose the grapple hook . cuervo 's come right up behind he , reach for he , a huge knife in he hand . he raise the knife - when map to the star Eddie lean out of the cockpit door , lower a gun and aim it right at cuervo . map to the star eddie hey , cuervo . cuervo look at he , start to say something , eye bulg ... map to the star eddie if you get to America - let 's do lunch . kablam ! kablam ! the shot hit , and cuervo buckle , fall backwards off the skid , plunging downward toward the surface of the San Fernando Sea ... kasplash ! plissken rip out the grapple hook ... as boom ! map to the star Eddie be hit with gunfire , die , fall out of the seat , out of the door , out of the helicopter - plunge to the water below . plissken jump back inside the cockpit . utopia snake , look . Pov through windscreen Police battle helicopter thunder toward they . in unison , the police helicopter launch they missile from gun platform . Burning , white -sulfurous napalm shell streak across the darkness and hit enemy chopper . the sky around the lead helicopter be fill with explosion , wave of roll fire , fall flame wreck plunging past , as enemy chopper begin to hit the water . it be a dreamlike , slow-motion ballet . huge black police gun ship circle lazily around the enemy chopper , they flex - gun and rocket spitting blue-white fire . the pound the live hell out of the enemy chopper . in f.g. plissken 's helicopter sweep over the wall . ext . rotor CITY - night malloy , the President , brazen and the rest the firebase watch as plissken 's helicopter approach , then zoom right over rotor City and head for the distant treeline . president where the hell be he go ? ext . SMALL clearing - night plissken 's helicopter come in , lower and lower , into a hover five foot above the ground . Inside , plissken pull in all the power he 's get . plissken it 's take all the power we have get to hover . close - rotor R.P.M. gauge show 100 % plus power . the helicopter be in a tremble hover . Inside ... plissken jump out . head for the treeline and disappear . utopia stare at he . plissken go ! utopia jump out of the helicopter ... land on the ground and take off run into the darkness . Inside ... plissken all right , baby . do not be too rough on I . we be gonna land . plissken slowly drop the collective control . the leave skid set down , and the ship continue to descend , tip , begin to roll . Inside , as the chopper roll over , plissken brace himself . as the blade hit the ground , the chopper go wild . the fuselage jump and twist in a grind fury . smoke and debris fly . the blade snap off ... from behind plissken - inside look out the front , the blade smash through the windscreen , barely miss the top of plissken 's head . plissken be splatter with glass , a piece of metal debris protrude from the fleshy part of he biceps . blood pour . the rear compartment explode into flame as the engine grind into the gas tank . Fire billow into the cockpit , engulf plissken ... outside , plissken pull himself out of the door . he be on fire . dive away from the copper and roll across the ground just as the flame mid-section of the ship explode in a roaring fireball . plissken climb to he foot , smoking , wounded ... ... as malloy , the President , brazen , and a squad of police arrive in vehicle . they slowly get out ... ... as plissken limp toward they ... plissken where 's the anti-toxin ...? president give I the prototype . plissken reach into he boot , hand it to the President . malloy hold it , plissken . now give we the real one . plissken reach down into he other boot , come out with map to the star Eddie 's transistor radio . the President hurl the real prototype away , walk to plissken and grab the phony . plissken glance at it lie on the ground . nobody move . plissken look at they face . plissken give I the goddamn shot ! suddenly everyone begin to smirk . a couple cop laugh . malloy it be all a fake , plissken . plissken stare at he . more laughter . brazen you be injected with glucose . there be no plutoxin 7 virus . you be never go to die - at least not from anything we give you . malloy c'mon , snake - it 's L.A. everything 's phony , you know that . plissken move toward the President , stop inch away . malloy relax , war hero . we take you for a ride , and you come through . not bad for a dirtbag like you . president you be free , plissken . but if you even so much as break wind on a country road I will crush you like a bug . the President glare at plissken , turn , walk away . cop ( o.s. ) Commander ... ( malloy look at he ) look what we find . across the clear come two policeman drag utopia along with they . they bring she up in front of malloy . utopia glance at plissken . malloy you do not finish the mission , plissken . we will have to do that for you . plissken , malloy and brazen watch as utopia be take away . finally plissken turn to malloy . plissken get a smoke ? malloy you be gonna have to learn to respect the law , snake . the United States be a no - smoking nation . no smoking , no drink , do drug , no woman unless you be marry , no gun , no foul language . it 's a brand new day for you , snake . plissken the name 's plissken . plissken walk away . follow he foot as they stop next to the prototype lie in the grass ... int . steel -walled hallway - deportation CENTER - night utopia be be strapped into a electric chair by she police guard . the guard step back from utopia . one of they walk over to a huge switch on the wall . ext . firebase seven - dawn tracking shot with plissken he hold the real prototype , calmly push the button . ext . space - dawn the ring of space satellite hover silently above the Earth . see the United States , North America below , as a beautiful sunrise be beginning . suddenly the satellite explode into white ... ext . firebase seven - dawn as the sky be light white . malloy , brazen , and the cop look up . all vehicle stop . light out . sound of motor run down . int . steel -walled hallway - deportation CENTER - dawn darkness . no power . everyone look around . utopia smile . ext . firebase seven - dawn the daylight be come as police helicopter fall from the sky , crash . panic . policeman run everywhere . a duty sergeant race up to malloy ... duty sergeant we be be attack , Commander . the north wall . ext . wall - dawn all of L.A. have arrive at the wall in boat . gang lean ladder , use rope and hook - they scale the wall . pendejo Bob lead the charge . pipeline be right behind he . ext . top of the wall - dawn gunfire . a pitch battle as cop try to repel the horde of L.A. invader as they pour over the wall . ext . firebase seven - dawn the firebase be overrun by invader . Hand - to-hand combat . World War III have begin . panicked cop race for the tree , abandon they position . int . steel -walled hallway - deportation CENTER the third World warrior free utopia from the electric chair . she join they as they swarm through the hall ... ext . hillside - firebase seven - dawn plissken be at the edge of the firebase , move out into the hillside . camera track with he towards the rise sun . a smile cross plissken 's face . he toss the prototype down a ravine , and walk away into the sunrise . fade out the end