int . publishing house reception area - day it 's grand and modern . random House -knopf -taschen be etched on the wall in large gold letter . a old woman enter carry a tatter manuscript , maybe a thousand page . she seem haunt , hollow - eye , sickly . the young receptionist , dress in a shiny , stretchy one - piece pantsuit , look up . receptionist oh , hi . old woman ( apologetically ) hi , I be in the neighborhood and think I would see -- receptionist I think he 's in a conference . unfortunately . I be really sorry . old woman would you just try he ? you never know . as long as I be here . you never know . receptionist of course . please have a seat . the old woman smile and sit , the bulky manuscript on she lap . she stare politely straight ahead . receptionist ( cont 'd ) ( quietly into headset ) it 's she -- I know , but could not you just -- yes , I know , but -- I know , but she 's old and it would be a nice -- yes , sorry . ( to old woman ) I be sorry , mar 'am , he 's not in right now . it 's a crazy time of year for we . the receptionist gesture toward a Christmas tree in the corner . its ornament be hologram . old woman this book -- it 's essential that people read it because -- ( gravely , patting the manuscript ) -- it 's the truth . and only I know it . receptionist ( nodd sympathetically ) maybe after the holiday then . int . tile hallway - day the old woman carry she manuscript haltingly down a subway hall . she stop to catch she breath , then continue and pass several archway with letter print above they . when she arrive at one top by a ll , she slip a card in a slot . a plastic mold chair drop into the archway . she sit in the chair ; it rise . int . tube - day the woman be still in the chair as it slip gracefully into a line of chair shoot through a glass tube . the other chair be people with commuter . we stay with the woman as she and the other travel over New York City in the tube . there be hundred of this commuter tube crisscross the skyline . the woman glance at the manuscript in she lap . it 's call : eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind this serve as the movie 's open title . the other credit follow , as the old woman study commuter in pass tube . they face be variously harsh and sad and lonely and blank . int . waiting room - day subtitled : fifty year earlier every doctor 's office wait room : chair against the wall , magazine on end table , a sad-look pot plant , generic seascape painting on the wall . the receptionist , Mary , 25 , can be see type in the reception area . behind she be shelf and shelf of medical file . the door open and clementine enter . she 's in she early thirty , zaftig in a faux fur winter coat over a orange hood sweatshirt . she 's decidedly funky and have blue hair . Mary look up . mary May I help you ? clementine ( approach reception area ) yeah , hi , I have a one o'clock with Dr. mierzwiak . clementine kruczynski . mary yes , please have a seat . he will be right with you . clementine sit . she look tired , maybe hungover . she pick up a magazine at random and thumb without interest . int . inner office area - continuous Mary pad down the hallway . she knock on a close door . mierzwiak ( o.s. ) yes ? Mary open the door , peek in . Howard mierzwiak , 40' , professional , dry , sit behind he desk study some papers . mary Howard , you one o'clock . mierzwiak ( not look up ) thanks , Mary . you can bring she in . she smile and nod . it 's clear she 's in love . it 's equally clear that mierzwiak do not have a clue . Mary turn to leave . mierzwiak ( cont 'd ) ( look up ) Mary ... mary ( turn back ) yes ? mierzwiak order I a pastrami for after ? mary Cole slaw , ice tea ? mierzwiak ( nodd ) thanks . mary welcome , Howard . she smile and head down the hall . Stan , 30' , tall , spindly , and earnest in a lab coat pop out of a doorway . stan boo. mary hi. she glance back nervously at mierzwiak 's open door . stan barely see you all morning , kiddo . he lean in to kiss she . she crane she neck to keep he off . mary ( reprimand whisper ) Stan ... c' mon ... stan sorry . I just -- mary ( somewhat guiltilly ) it 's just ... y' know ... I mean ... stan I know . anyway -- mary anyway , I have get to do my tap dance here . she indicate the door to the reception area . Stan nod . stan see you later , alligator . mary ' kay . stan hey , if you be order lunch for mierzwiak , would you -- mary I better do this , Stan . Stan nod again and Mary open the door to the wait room . mary ( cont 'd ) Ms. kruczynski ? clementine ( o.s. ) hi. after a moment , clementine appear in the doorway . Mary lead she down the hall , not look back . mary ( professionally courteous ) how be you today ? clementine okay , I guess . mary ( at mierzwiak 's office ) here we be . mierzwiak step out from behind he desk . mierzwiak Ms. kruczynski , please come in . clementine enter the office . Mary smile at mierzwiak and close the door , leave they alone . int . office - continuous mierzwiak direct clementine to a chair next to a coffee table and a conspicuously place box of tissue . mierzwiak sit across from she . he smile . mierzwiak how be you today ? clementine okay , I guess . mierzwiak ( nodd sympathetically ) well , why do not you tell I what 's go on ? do you mind if I turn this on ? he indicate a tape recorder . clementine I do not care . he turn it on , smile at she , gesture for she to begin . clementine ( cont 'd ) well , I have be have a bad time of it with um , my boyfriend , I guess . mierzwiak you guess he 's you boyfriend ? or you guess you be have a bad time with hm ? clementine what ? no . I do not like the term boyfriend . it 's so gay . mierzwiak nod . he 's attentive , pleasant , and neutral throughout . clementine ( cont 'd ) maybe gay be not the right word . but , anyway , it 's be rough with he ... whatever the fuck he be . heheh . my significant other ... heh heh . and I guess on a certain level , I want to break it off , but I feel ... y' know ... it 's like this constant question and be question . do I end it ? should I give it more time ? I be not happy , but what do I expect ? Relationships require work . you know the drill . the thing that I keep come back to be , I be not get any young , I want to have a baby ... at some point ... maybe ... right ? so then I think I should settle -- which be not necessarily the best word -- I mean , he 's a good guy . it 's not really settling . then I think maybe I be just a victim of movie , y'know ? that I have some completely unrealistic notion of what a relationship can be . but then I think , no , this be what I really want , so I should allow myself the freedom to go out and fuck find it . you know ? agreed ? but then I think he be a good guy and ... it 's complicated . y'know ? mierzwiak I think I know . I think we can help . why do not you start by tell I about you relationship . everything you can think of . everything about he . everything about you . and we will take it from there . she nod , think . clementine um , well , he 's a fuck tidy one -- ext . commuter train station subtitle : two week later the platform be crowded with business commuter . Joel be among they . he be in he 30' , gaunt , and hold a briefcase . the platform across the track from he be empty . suddenly he turn and make he way through the crowd . he climb the stair , cross the overpass to the empty platform . soon a almost empty train pull up to that platform . Joel get on and watch the business commuter through the dirty window as he train pull out of the station . ext . montauk train station - later Joel talk on a phone . the wind howl around he . he try to shield the mouthpiece as he talk . joel hi , Cindy . Joel . listen , I be not feel well this morning . no . food poisoning , I think . sorry it take I so long to call in , but I have be vomit . ext . beach - day Joel wander the windy , empty beach , with he briefcase . he pass a old man with a metal detector . they nod at each other . later : Joel look out at the ocean . later : Joel sit on a rock and pull out a notebook . he open it and write with a glove hand . joel January 13th , 2006 . today I skip work and take the train out to montauk . ( think ) it 's cold . ( think some more ) the sky be gray . ( think some more ) I do not know what else to say . nothing happen . nothing change . I see naomi last night . we have sex . it be weird to fall into we old familiar sex life so easily . like no time have pass . after two year apart suddenly we be talk about get together again . I guess that 's good . he have no other thought . he glance up , spot a female figure in the distance , walk in he direction . she stand out against the gray in a fluorescent orange hood sweatshirt . it 's clementine . he watch she for a bit , then as she near , he go back to he write , or at least pretend to . once she pass , he watch she walk away . she stop and stare out at the ocean . Joel write . joel ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if I be constitutionally incapable of make eye-contact with a woman I do not know . I guess I would better get back to naomi . later : Joel walk up near the beach house close for the season . he peek cautiously in a dark window . later : Joel dig into the sand with a stick . int . diner - day it 's a local tourist place , but off -season empty . Joel sit in a booth and eat a grill cheese sandwich and a bowl of tomato soup . a elderly couple drink coffee at the counter . clementine enter , look around , take off she hood . Joel glance at she bright blue hair . she pick a empty booth and sit . Joel study she discreetly . the waitress approach she with a coffee pot . waitress coffee ? clementine God , yes . you have save my life ! the waitress pour the coffee . waitress you know what you want yet ? clementine ( laugh ) ai not that the question of the century . the waitress be not amused . clementine ( cont 'd ) you get grill cheese and tomato soup ? waitress yeah . we be have a run on it . the waitress head to the grill . clementine fish in she bag , bring the coffee cup under the table for a moment , pour something in , then bring the cup back up . clementine ( call ) and some cream , please . clementine look around the place . her eye meet Joel 's before he be able to look away . she smile vaguely . he look embarrassed , then down at he journal . clementine pull a book from she purse and start to read . Joel glance up , try to see the cover . it 's blue . he can not read the title . ext . beach - day Joel stare out at the ocean . Far down the beach clementine stare at it , too . Joel glance sideways at she then back at the ocean . ext . montauk train station platform - late afternoon Joel sit on the bench wait for a train . clementine enter the platform , see Joel , the only other person there . she wave , sort of goofily enthusiastic , play as if they be old friend . he wave back , embarrassed . she take a seat on a bench far down the platform . Joel stare at he hand , pull out he journal and try to write in order to conceal he awkwardness . int . train - a bit later Joel sit at the far end of the empty car and watch the slowly pass desolate terrain . after a moment the door between car open and clementine enter . Joel look up . clementine be not look at he ; she busy herself decide where to sit . she settles on a seat at the opposite end of the car . Joel look out the window . he feel she watch he . the train be pick up speed . finally : clementine ( call over the rumble ) hi! Joel look over . joel I be sorry . clementine why ? joel why what ? clementine why be you sorry ? I just say hi . joel no , I do not know if you be talk to I , so ... she look around the empty car . clementine really ? joel ( embarrassed ) well , I do not want to assume . clementine aw , c'mon , live dangerously . take the leap and assume someone be talk to you in a otherwise empty car . joel anyway . sorry . hi. clementine make she way down the aisle towards Joel . clementine it 's okay if I sit closer ? so I do not have to scream . not that I do not need to scream sometimes , believe I . ( pause ) but I do not want to bug you if you be try to write or something . joel no , I mean , I do not know . I can not really think of much to say probably . clementine oh. so ... she hesitates in the middle of the car , look back where she come from . joel I mean , it 's okay if you want to sit down here . I do not mean to -- clementine no , I do not want to bug you if you be try to -- joel it 's okay , really . clementine just , you know , to chat a little , maybe . I have a long trip ahead of I . ( sit across aisle from Joel ) how far be you go ? on the train , I mean , of course . joel rockville Center . clementine get out ! I too ! what be the odd ? joel the weirder part be I think actually I recognize you . I think that earlier in the diner . that 's why I be look at you . you work at Borders , right ? clementine ucch , really ? you be kid . god. bizarre small world , huh ? yeah , that 's I : book slave there for , like , five year now . joel really ? because -- clementine Jesus , be it five year ? I gotta quit right now . joel -- because I go there all the time . I do not think I ever see you before . clementine well , I be there . I hide in the back as much as be humanly possible . you have a cell phone ? I need to quit right this minute . I will call in dead . joel I do not have one . clementine I will go on the dole . like my daddy before I . joel I notice you hair . I guess it make a impression on I , that 's why I be pretty sure I recognize you . clementine ah , the hair . ( pull a strand in front of she eye , study it ) Blue , right ? it 's call Blue ruin . the color . snappy name , huh ? joel I like it . clementine Blue ruin be cheap gin in case you be wonder . joel yeah . Tom wait say it in -- clementine exactly ! Tom wait . which song ? joel I can not remember . clementine anyway , this company make a whole line of color with equally snappy name . Red menace , yellow fever , Green Revolution . that would be a job , come up with that name . how do you get a job like that ? that 's what I will do . fuck the dole . joel I do not really know how -- clementine purple haze , pink eraser . joel you think that could possibly be a full time job ? how many hair color could there be ? clementine ( pissy ) someone 's get that job . ( excited ) agent Orange ! I come up with that one . anyway , there be endless color possibility and I would be great at it . joel I be sure you would . clementine my write career ! you hair write by clementine kruczynski . ( think ) the Tom wait album be rain dog . joel you sure ? that do not sound -- clementine I think . anyway , I have try all they color . more than once . I be get too old for this . but it keep I from have to develop a actual personality . I apply my personality in a paste . you ? joel oh , I doubt that 's the case . clementine well , you do not know I , so ... you do not know , do you ? joel sorry . I be just try to be nice . clementine yeah , I get it . there 's a silence . clementine ( cont 'd ) my name 's clementine , by the way . joel I be Joel . clementine no joke about my name ? oh , you would not do that ; you be try to be nice . joel I do not know any joke about you name . clementine huckleberry hound ? joel I do not know what that mean . clementine huckleberry hound ! what , be you nut ? joel I be nut nut . clementine ( sing ) oh my darlin' , oh my darlin' , oh my darlin' clementine ? no ? joel sorry . it 's a pretty name , though . it mean " merciful " , right ? clementine ( impressed ) yeah . although it hardly fit . I be a vindictive little bitch , truth be tell . joel see , I would not think that about you . clementine ( pissy ) why would not you think that about I ? joel oh . I do not know . I be just ... I do not know . I be ... you seem nice , so -- clementine now I be nice ? do not you know any other adjective ? there 's careless and snotty and overbearing and argumentative ... mumpish . joel well , anyway ... sorry . they sit in silence for a while . clementine I just do not think " nice " be a particularly interesting thing to be . the conductor enter the car . conductor ticket . Joel hand the conductor he ticket . the conductor punch it and hand it back . clementine what be nice , anyway ? I mean , besides a adjective ? I guess it can be a adverb , sort of . the conductor turn to clementine . she fish in she bag . clementine ( cont 'd ) it do not reveal anything . Nice be pander . cowardly . clementine ( cont 'd ) and life be more interesting than that . or should be . Jesus God , I hope it be ... someday . ( to conductor ) I know it 's here . the conductor and Joel watch as she get more agitate . clementine ( cont 'd ) I do not need nice . I do not need myself to be it and I do not need anyone else to be it at I . joel okay . clementine shit . shit . I know it 's here . hold on . she dump the content of the bag onto the seat and sift frantically through . Joel see the book she be read in the diner . it 's the play by Stephen dixon . clementine ( cont 'd ) damn it . damn it ! ( there it be ) oh. here . she hand the conductor the ticket , smile sweetly . he punch it , hand it back to she , and walk away . conductor next stop southampton . the conductor head into the next car . clementine shove stuff back into she purse . her hand be a little shaky . she pull a airline -size bottle of alcohol from she pocket , open it , and downs it . Joel be watch all of this but pretend not to . she look out the window for a while . the train pull into the station . the door open . nobody get on . the door close . the train pull out . clementine Joel ? it 's Joel , right ? joel yes ? clementine I be sorry I ... yell at you . be it yell ? I can not really tell . whatever , I be a little out of sort today . joel that 's okay . clementine ( stare out window ) my embarrassing admission be I really like that you be nice . right now , anyway . I can not tell from one moment to the next what I be go to like . but right now I be glad you say , " that 's okay " to I . that be nice of you . joel it 's no problem . anyway , I have some stuff I need to -- clementine oh , okay . well , sure , I will just ... ( stand , throw bag over shoulder ) take care , then . joel ( pull journal from briefcase ) probably see you at the book store . clementine ( head toward other end of car ) unless I get that hair-color-naming job . clementine sit and stare out the window . int . train - later there be a few more people in the car now . clementine have inched a few seat closer to Joel . she watch he . his head be immerse in he journal . int . train - later it 's dark out . the train be pretty crowded . Joel stare out the window . clementine sit closer still to Joel , eye he . ext . train station - evening the door open and Joel emerge along with other . he head to the parking lot , arrive at the car . there 's a big dent scrape along the driver 's side . he get in . int . car - moment later Joel drive . he pass clementine walk . she look cold . he consider , slow , roll down he window . joel hi . I could give you a ride if you need . clementine no , that 's okay . thanks , though . joel you be sure ? it 's cold . clementine I do not want to take you out of you way . joel it 's okay . clementine yeah ? he pull over . she climb in . they drive . joel where do you live ? clementine you be not a stalker or anything , right ? joel well , I probably would not say if I be , but no . clementine you can not be too careful . I have be stalk . I have be tell I be highly stalkable . I do not need that . joel I be not a stalker . clementine ( beat ) you know wilmont ? joel yeah . clementine wilmont . near the high school . Joel turn . they drive in silence . clementine ( cont 'd ) look , I be very sorry I come off sort of nutso . I be not really . joel it 's okay . I do not think you be . there 's a silence . clementine so you like bookstore , huh ? joel I like to read . clementine I too . it be rain dog , by the way . joel yeah ? I can not remember that album very well . I remember like it . but -- clementine the song 's 9th and hennepin . I spend most of the train ride try to remember . " till you be full of rag water and bitter and blue ruin / and you spill out / over the side to anyone who will listen . " remember ? joel sort of , um ... clementine remember ? " and you take on the dream of the one who have sleep there / and I be lose in the window / I hide on the stairway / I hang in the curtain / I sleep in you hat ... " ( start to cry ) oh , shit . I be so stupid . sorry . joel what ? clementine I be just a bit of a wreck . " I sleep in you hat " make I cry . ( point to a house ) me. Joel pull over . clementine ( cont 'd ) thanks very much . that be very nice of you . joel well , I would not want to be -- clementine oh , geez , I be full of shit . I already tell you that . ( pause ) anyway . see ya . clementine open the car door . joel take care . clementine ( turn back ) hey , do you want to have a drink ? I have lot of drink . and I could -- joel um -- clementine never mind . sorry , that be stupid . I be embarrassed . good night , Joel . int . clementine's apartment - a few minute later Joel stand in the live room , somewhat nervously . he try to calm himself by focus on the surroundings . he look at the book on she shelf . clementine be in the kitchen . we see she as she pass by the doorway several time , prepare drink and chat . clementine thanks . I like it , too . be here about four year . it 's really cheap . my downstairs neighbor be old so she 's quiet , which be great . and the landlord 's sweet , which be bizarre , but great , and I have a little porch in the back , which be great , because I can read there , and listen to my cricket and ... clementine be in the live room now with two gin and tonic . clementine ( cont 'd ) two blue ruin ... Joel be look at a frame black and white photograph of crow fly . clementine ( cont 'd ) you like that ? joel very much . clementine this ... someone give that to I , just like , recently . I like it , too . I like crow . I think I use to be a crow . she caw and hand Joel a drink . joel thanks . that be good , that crow sound . clementine do you believe in that stuff ? reincarnation ? joel I do not know . clementine I neither . oh , there 's a inscription on the back . ( take it off the wall , read : ) the way a crow / shook down on I / the dust of snow / from a hemlock tree / have give my heart / a change of mood / and save some part / of a day I rue . joel frost ? clementine ( impressed ) yeah . I be not , like , a Robert frost lover by any stretch . his stuff seem strictly grade school to I . but this make I cry for some reason . maybe because it be grade school . y'know ? joel it 's pretty . clementine I miss grade school . I do not know why I be call it grade school all of a sudden . when I go we call it elementary school . but I like grade school better . sound like something someone from the forty would call it . I would like to be from then . everyone wear hat . anyway , cheer ! joel cheer . they click glass . clementine giggle and take a big gulp of she drink . Joel sip . she plop down on the couch and pull she boot off . clementine God , that feel so fuck good . take yours off . joel I be fine . clementine yeah ? well , have a seat , anyway . Joel sit in a chair across the room . clementine finish she drink . clementine ( cont 'd ) ready for another ? joel no , I be okay for now . she head toward the kitchen with she glass . clementine well , I be ready . put some music on . Joel cross to the CD 's and study they . joel what do you want to hear ? clementine ( o.s. ) you pick it . joel you just say . I be not really -- clementine ( o.s. ) I do not know ! I can not see they from here , Joel ! just pick something good . Joel study the unfamiliar CD 's . he pick up bang on a can perform Brian eno 's Music for airport to look at . clementine reenter with she drink . clementine ( cont 'd ) oh , excellent choice . she grab it and stick it in the CD player . the music be dreamy and haunt and slow . clementine fall back onto the couch , close she eye and sip she drink . clementine ( cont 'd ) mmmmmmm . Way to go , Joel . you pick good . Joel sit down in he chair and drink . there 's a silence , which seem fine to clementine but make Joel anxious . joel well , I should probably get go . clementine no , stay . just for a little while . ( open she eye , brightly ) refill ? joel no. I -- clementine I know a man who need a refill . she grab Joel 's drink from he hand , take it into the kitchen . clementine ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) God bless alcohol , be what I say . where would I be without it . oh , Jesus , Mary , and Joseph , maybe I do not want to think about that . she giggle . Joel look around the room again . there be several potato dress as woman in beautiful handmade costume : a nurse potato , a stripper potato , a schoolteacher potato , a housewife potato . clementine return with Joel 's drink and a refill for herself . joel thanks . clementine drink up , young man . it will make the whole seduction part less repugnant . Joel look a little alarmed . clementine ( cont 'd ) I be just kid . c'mon . she sit back on the couch , close she eye . Joel watch she , look at she breast . she open she eye , smile drunkenly at he . clementine ( cont 'd ) y'know , I be sort of psychic . joel yeah ? clementine well , I go to a psychic and she 's always tell I I be psychic . she should know . do you believe in that stuff ? joel I do not know . clementine I neither . but sometimes I have premonition , so , I do not know . maybe that 's just coincidence . right ? y'know , you think something and then it happen , or you think a word and then someone say it ? y'know ? joel yeah , I do not know . it 's hard to know . clementine exactly . exactly ! that 's exactly my feel about it . it 's hard to know . like , okay , but how many time do I think something and it do not happen ? that 's what you be say , right ? you forget about that time . right ? joel yeah , I guess . clementine ( dreamy beat ) but I think I be . I like to think I be . clementine ( cont 'd ) it 's helpful to think there 's some order to thing . you be kind of close mouth , be not you ? joel sorry . my life be not that interesting . I go to work . I go home . I do not know what to say . clementine oh. ( consider this ) do that make you sad ? or anxious ? I be always anxious think I be not live my life to the fullest , y'know ? take advantage of every possibility ? just make sure that I be not waste one second of the little time I have . joel I think about that . she look at he really hard for a long moment . Joel try to hold she gaze , but can not . he look down at he drink . clementine start to cry again . clementine you be really nice . I be sorry I yell at you before about it . God , I be a idiot . joel I do have a tendency to use that word too much . clementine I like you . that 's the thing about my psychic thing . I think that 's my great psychic power , that I get a sense about people . my problem be I never trust it . but I get it . and with you I get that you be a really good guy . joel thanks . clementine and , anyway , you sell yourself short . I can tell . there 's a lot of stuff go on in you brain . I can tell . my goal ... can I tell you my goal ? joel yeah . clementine ( ala Paul Simon ) what 's the goal , Joel ? ( laugh ) my goal , Joel , be to just let it flow through I ? do you know what I mean ? it 's like , there 's all this emotion and idea and they come quick and they change and they leave and they come back in a different form and I think we be all teach we should be consistent . y'know ? you love someone -- that 's it . forever . you choose to do something with you life -- that 's it , that 's what you do . it 's a sign of maturity to stick with that and see thing through . and my feel be that 's how you die , because you stop listen to what be true , and what be true be constantly change . you know ? joel yeah . I think so . it 's hard to -- clementine like I want to talk to you . I do not need any more reason to do it . who know what bigger cosmic reason might exist ? joel yeah . clementine you be very nice . God , I have to stop say that . you be nervous around I , huh ? joel no . clementine I be nervous . you do not need to be nervous around I , though . I like you . do you think I be repulsively fat ? joel no , not at all . clementine I do not either . I use to . but I be through with that . y'know , if I do not love my body , then I be just lose . you know ? clementine ( cont 'd ) with all the wrinkle and scar and the general fall apart that 's come ' round the bend . ( beat ) so , I have be see this guy ... Joel look slightly crestfallen . clementine ( cont 'd ) ( off he reaction ) well , for the last week , anyway ! he 's kind of a kid . kind of a goofball , but he 's really stick on I , which be flatter . who would not like that ? and he 's , like , a dope , but he say this smart and move thing sometimes , out of nowhere , that just break my heart . he 's the one who give I that crow photograph . joel oh , yeah . clementine that make I cry . but , anyway , we go up to Boston , because I have this urge to lie on my back on the Charles River . it get freeze this time of year . joel that 's scary sounding . clementine exactly ! I use to do it in college and I have this urge to go do it again , so I get Patrick and we drive all night to get there and he be sweet and say nice thing to I , but I be really disappointment to be there with he . y'know ? and that 's where psychic stuff come in . like , it just be not right with he . y'know ? joel I think so . clementine I do not believe in that soulmate crap anymore , but ... he say so many great thing . we like the same writer . this writer Stephen dixon he turn I on to . and he 's cute . it 's fuck up . Joel , you should come up to the Charles with I sometime . joel okay . clementine yeah ? oh , great ! she sit closer to he . clementine ( cont 'd ) I will pack a picnic -- a night picnic -- night picnic be different -- and -- joel ( shy ) sound good . but right now I should go . clementine ( pause ) you should stay . joel I have to get up early in the morning tomorrow , so ... clementine ( beat ) okay . Joel put on he overcoat . clementine head to the phone table , pull out a notepad . clementine ( cont 'd ) I would like you to call I . would you do that ? I would like that . joel yes . she scribbles she phone number , hand it to he . he put it in he pocket . he stand there uncomfortably for a moment , then force himself to speak . joel ( cont 'd ) I do not think you personality come out of a tube . I think the hair be just ... a pretty topping . she tear up , swallow , and kiss he on the cheek . he 's surprised and pleased and nervous . joel ( cont 'd ) ( shyly formal ) so , I enjoy meeting you . clementine you will call I , right ? joel yeah . clementine when ? joel tomorrow ? clementine tonight . just to test out the phone line and all . joel okay . we stay with clementine as she watch Joel tromping through the snow and get in he car . int . joel be car - night Joel speed through the suburban rockville Center neighborhood . there be no snow on the ground . he seem different , somehow foggy and disorient . subtitle : three day earlier he arrive at he apartment building and park . ext . joel' apartment build - continuous Joel get out of he car , spot a van park across the street . there be two dark figure inside . voice -over they . he hurry inside the building . int . joel' apartment - night Joel enter , dump he overcoat on a chair , turn off the light , cross to look furtively out the window . it 's snow in large flake which seem to fall only in the beam of a streetlight . joel it be snow . voice -over there be two of they . could not make they out . the orange glow of a cigarette . Joel squint to see inside the van . two dark figure talk . one suck on a cigarette and 's dim orange light momentarily illuminate the interior . the figure in the driver seat roll down he window and give a cheery wave to Joel . joel the driver wave . so casual , friendly . voice -over I be like a joke to they . Joel pull away from the window , he face blanch . voice -over I guess they figure they can act like they want . they do not have to worry about I remember . he pace , mull thing over . as he do , the scene start to change , almost as if it be drying out . joel I might be make a mistake . voice - over maybe I be make a mistake . maybe I just need to learn to live with this . first of all , I will get over it . secondly , it happen . that who do not remember history be condemn to repeat it . who say that ? churchill ? I be not sure . but I do not care . she do it to I . I have to rid myself of this . fuck she . joel fuck you , clementine . the color bleach , the surroundings become slightly vague . even Joel 's persona and voice- over seem to alter , he emotional intensity become diffuse . Joel do not seem aware of this . he stop pace , take a small vial from he pocket , dump the lone pill onto he palm . he look at it . it 's pink . there 's some illegible initial stamp on it . joel ( cont 'd ) pink. ( beat ) there be a number on it . I remember . al 1718 ? ( beat ) I have to follow through with this . I have no choice . voice -over the pill be pink , I remember . it have some letter and number on it . what be they ? al 1718 ? al something . four digit . I do not like take pill when I do not know what they be . I have no choice . he swallow it , peek out the window again , take off he clothes , slip into a pair of pajamas fresh from the store package . he sit on the edge of the bed , dial the phone . joel ( cont 'd ) we be sorry , the number you have dial ... ( beat ) screw you , clementine , for do this ... recorded voice we be sorry , the number you have dial be no longer in service . if you think you have reach this recording in error - joel ( cont 'd ) bye . Joel hang up and lie on he back on the bed . by now the scene be lifeless , almost a husk . he hear the apartment building door open . he hear footstep . joel ( cont 'd ) it 's they . voice -over it 's too late . his eyelid be get heavy . he close he eye . black . he hear a key in he apartment door . joel ( cont 'd ) fuck . int . bookstore - night Joel sit in the bookstore coffee shop . it 's a jarring transition , visually and emotionally . Joel be in the midst of some traumatic state of mind . he finger the vial with the pink pill in it as he watch clementine stack book on shelf . her hair be bright orange now . joel I should maybe talk to you . voice -over clementine . I should just maybe talk to she . Joel rise and head toward clementine . joel I love you and if you know that ... if I tell you what happen ... I will explain everything , what we mean to each other . I will tell you everything about we time together . you will know everything again and ... voice - over maybe if I just explain what happen , I would not have to go through this and I could tell you everything and it would be like you know and we could rebuild and we could be happy again and ... right before Joel get there , Patrick , a skinny young man approach clementine . Joel stop , watch . the young man seem out of breath . he glance over at Joel , then tap clementine on the shoulder . she turn , annoyed , see who it be and she face light up . joel clementine . voice -over that 's you look for I . clementine giggle , stand and poke Patrick playfully in the rib . patrick I just think I would say hi . I be in the neighborhood . clementine you be not . patrick I be not . Joel be mesmerize by they familiarity . as he stand there , the scene start to dry out . clementine and Patrick continue they flirtation but it 's turn lifeless , as if they be just recite line . the bookstore start to lose its color and immediacy . clementine come over after I be do here ? patrick I can not . I want to , but I have to study . clementine you rat . patrick I really want to , but tonight 's important . test tomorrow . joel how could she have do this to I ? how could anyone do this to anyone ? clementine ( to Patrick ) you do not say anything about my hair . patrick it 's so cool . you be by far the most sensational person in the room . clementine in the room ? patrick in the world . Joel seem daze , in some sort of dream confusion , as he realize the world around he be look increasingly odd . joel what 's happen here ? ( look at watch ; it 's 9:30 ) oh , God ! I have to go home . they will be there soon . Joel turn to leave . int . joel be car - night Joel drive fast , recklessly . the intensity be back . he 's weep as he drive . joel gotta get home . how could she do this to I ? how could she not care about what we mean to each other . what a fuck ! what a fuck monster she be ! voice -over oh , God . I miss she . I can not believe she 's with that guy now ! I be never go to see she again . I love she so much . what a fuck monster she be ! the scene be fade as he park in front of he apartment building , and get out of the car . Joel spot the park van . we have see this before , but it 's dry out now . joel they . ext . new york STREET - day Joel trudge along carry two big trash bag full of stuff . he 's be cry . he look behind he and find himself look out the window of he apartment at the dark van on the snowy street . he turn back to the New York Street and spot the address he be look for : 610 11th Avenue . int . waiting room - day Joel sit in the small room with he bag . a woman across from he cradle a box full of belonging in she lap . her eye be red from cry . Mary , the receptionist , poke she head through she window into the wait room . mary hello again , Mr. barish . good , you have get you stuff . int . hallway - day Joel walk with he bag behind Mary . mary ( not look back ) how be you today ? ( at lab ) here we be . int . laboratory - day Joel enter . mierzwiak stand there with Stan in he lab coat . mierzwiak ah , Mr. barish . this be Stan . he will be in charge of you procedure tonight . Stan nod professionally . stan Mr. barish . joel how exactly be this go to work tonight ? as mierzwiak talk , the room color start to fade , mierzwiak 's tone of voice be also affect ; it become dry and monotonous . mierzwiak we will start with you most recent memory and go backwards -- there be a emotional core to each of we memory -- as we eradicate this core , it start its degradation process -- by the time you wake up in the morning , all memory we have target will have withere and disappear . like a dream upon waking . joel be there any sort of risk of brain damage ? mierzwiak well , technically , the procedure itself be brain damage , but on a par with a night of heavy drink . nothing you will miss . Joel look quizzically at the erode environment . suddenly he get it . joel it 's happen now ! I be already in my brain . mierzwiak look at the fade room . mierzwiak yes , I suppose you be . ( back in he fade memory persona ) so , let 's get start -- if we want the procedure underway tonight , we have some work to do . Joel be sit in a chair . electrode connect he to some electronic machinery monitor by Stan . mierzwiak watch from the corner . stan we use the article you bring to create a map of clementine in you brain . tonight while you sleep we will be able to trace the map and erase . joel but you be trace and erase now . it 's already start . I be home in my bed . Stan pull a snow globe from one of Joel 's bag , show it to Joel . the equipment register Joel 's reaction . stan very good . Stan pull out a potato dress as a Vegas showgirl . Joel study it . the machine register he response . mierzwiak we will dispose of this memento when we be do here . that way you will not be confuse later by they unexplainable presence in you home . Stan pull out a coffee mug with a photo of clementine print on it . Joel look at the cup . the machine record he reaction . stan good . we be get healthy read-out . the room , Stan , and mierzwiak be now vague and wispy . stan's voice Patrick , do I a favor -- Joel be watch Stan . Stan be not speak , yet he voice continue . stan's voice ( cont 'd ) -- and check the voltage level , I be not wiping as clean as I would like here . Joel look up . Stan 's voice seem to be come from above . int . joel' apartment - night Joel lie on he back in fresh pajamas . his eye be close and electrode connect he head to several machine . the machine be operate by Stan , now in grubby street clothes and in need of a shave , and by Patrick , dress similarly . the monitor on one of the machine trace a myriad of light blip run like stream through a image of Joel 's brain . Stan press button and operate a joystick , aim for the line . Patrick ( who we see earlier with clementine at the bookstore ) study a meter on one of the machine . patrick the voltage look fine . stan then check the connection . Patrick fiddle with some jack . patrick do that help ? stan yeah , that look better . thanks . int . lab room - day the memory be become vague , character ' affect flat . Stan pull out a pile of loose - leaf page . mierzwiak smile . mierzwiak ah , you journal . this will be invaluable . stan ( read ) December 15th , 2004 . I meet someone tonight . oh , Christ : I do not know what to do . her name be clementine and she 's amazing . so alive and spontaneous and passionate and sensitive . thing with naomi and I have be stagnant for so long . the scene be just a shell of itself as Stan rattles on . stan's voice I think we get this one . let 's push on . Joel look up at the ceiling . int . joel' apartment - day Joel , snap into a new memory , cry as he fill two large plastic garbage bag with memento of he relationship with clementine . there be funny little gift , wind - up toy , some potato dress as woman , some clothing clementine have leave there , some CD 's . he pull a big clump of page out of he loose - leaf journal and dump they in the bag . he get some clean loose - leaf paper and write : December 15 , 2004 nothing much happen today . I stay home . naomi work on she dissertation . the scene be fade as he continue to write . int . hallway - day Joel look for a office number . he find it . the plaque on the door read lacuna Ltd . Joel enter . int . waiting room - day Joel enter the lacuna wait room . Mary sit in the reception area . mary May I help you ? joel my name be Joel barish . I have a appointment . mary please have a seat . Dr. mierzwiak will be right with you . int . office hall - day Mary lead Joel down the hall . mary ( without turn ) how be you today ? joel not great . mary ( at mierzwiak 's office ) here we be . Joel glimpsis Mary smile coquettishly at mierzwiak . int . mierzwiak's office - day Joel and mierzwiak be in the sit area . Joel look at the tape recorder . mierzwiak I be sorry you see one of we notification card . you never should have . joel well ... I do . mierzwiak we can help you through this . why do not you start now by tell I everything you can remember about you relationship with clementine . joel ( think , then : ) it be a mess . I do not know how it get this way ... patrick voice it 's kind of a dump , do not you think ? Joel look up , try to locate the voice . int . joel' apartment - night Patrick be check out the apartment . Stan monitor the equipment . stan ( uninterested ) it 's a apartment . patrick not a dump , then , but kind of plain . uninspire . and there 's a stale smell . sort of stuffy . I do not know . stuffy . stan Patrick , let 's just get through this . we have a long night ahead of we . patrick yeah . Patrick return to the bedside , focus on the machine for a moment . he glance at the unconscious Joel . patrick ( cont 'd ) so who do you think be better-look , I or this guy ? Stan glance sideways at Patrick . int . mierzwiak's office - day mierzwiak sit with Joel in the sit area . mierzwiak so we will need you to go home and bring in everything you ever receive from clementine and anything that might remind you of she ... the scene be fade and disappear fast . it 's go . int . joel be office - day Joel get off the elevator and approach the receptionist . joel so then she just stop call . voice -over I be not go to call she . not after the way she be . joel any message , carmen ? carmen the receptionist shake she head . next day : Joel approach the receptionist . joel ( cont 'd ) any message for I , carmen . carmen nothing , Joel . voice - over it 's bullshit . she 's punish I for be honest with she . Joel be at he office desk on the phone . phone machine voice you have no message . int . joel' apartment - night Joel enter , check he phone machine : zero message . int . joel be office - day Joel get off the elevator , approach carmen , who be in conversation with someone else . joel sorry , carmen . any message ? carmen shake she head " no " , go back to she conversation . int . joel' apartment - night Joel check he machine : zero message . voice -over that 's it . I be just gonna -- without a moment 's hesitation , he dial the phone . voice - over ( cont 'd ) I be gonna tell she I be through play game and -- recorded voice the number you have dial have be disconnect . Joel 's eye bug . int . rob and carrie' live room - night Joel sit across Rob and carrie , mid -40' . joel why would she do that ? vague recorded voice -- if you think you have reach this recording in error , please check you number and dial again . carrie I do not know , honey . it 's horrible . joel she 's punish I for be honest . I should just go to she house . rob I do not think you should go there , Joel . joel yeah , I do not want to seem desperate . carrie maybe you need to look at this as a sign to move on . just make a clean break . joel I do not know . I be so ... I can not believe she would be so goddamn immature ! rob Joel , look , the thing be -- carrie ( agitate , interrupt ) Joel , honey ... we have to feed the dog . would you just wait here ? just a second . Joel nod , confuse , as Rob and carrie leave the room and close the door behind they . Joel hear a hushed argument ensue in the hall . he notice the dog asleep on the floor . he grab a magazine off the coffee table , flip through it distractedly as he pace , put it down , pick up another . a subscription card fall to the floor . he pick it up and be about to shove it back in the magazine when he see it be not a subscription card at all . it read : clementine kruczynski have have Joel barish erase from she memory . please never mention they relationship to she again . thank you . lacuna Ltd. 610 11th Avenue , NY , NY Joel stare at the card , incredulous . later : Rob and carrie be now back in the room . carrie ( cont 'd ) you be not suppose to see that . joel they can not erase memory . it 's a joke . it 's a nasty clementine hoax . carrie sweetie , we call the company . Joel just stand there . Close - up of a vague dictionary page . voice - over lacuna : noun . a blank , a miss portion , especially in a manuscript . int . joel' apartment - night Joel be on the phone pace . carrie' voice you can not tell she , Joel . they explain that . like waking a sleepwalker . it might have a devastating effect . int . joel be car - night Joel drive past vague local landmark . carrie' voice think about it : to be tell you live a existence of which you have no recollection . joel' voice but what be I suppose to do ? carrie' voice move on , sweetie . joel' voice how can I ? how can I move on when I know I be the only one to carry this love we have ? how do I do that ? int . car - night Joel in he park car next to a fence surround a drive - in movie close for the season . he weep . the window fog up until the outside be completely obscure . ext . new york STREET - day Joel look for a address . int . elevator - day Joel get off on the sixth floor . he search for a room number . as he turn the corner , he see that the hallway be fade , vague and mostly erase . he keep walk , come to the door mark lacuna and open it . Inside he can see vague , erase version of Mary the receptionist . mary ( dead monotone ) hi , May I help you ? this degrade , fade memory allow Joel to detach himself and hear what 's go on in he bedroom . stan's voice so , Mary 's come over tonight . Joel look up . int . joel' apartment - night Stan work the joystick . Patrick sit on the bed with Joel . patrick yeah ? stan just want to let you know . patrick I like Mary . I like when she come to visit . I just do not think she like I . stan she like you okay . patrick I wonder if I should invite my girlfriend over , too . I have a girlfriend now . stan you can if you want . patrick do I tell you I have a new girlfriend ? stan ( be : memory on monitor ) this one 's history . move on ... patrick the thing be ... my situation be a little weird . my girlfriend situation . stan Patrick , we need to focus . Stan aim the joystick . int . joel' apartment - night Joel distractedly read a book , check the clock , go back to the book . the door open . he look up . clementine be staggering in , drunk . clementine yo ho ho ! joel it 's three . voice -over shit . the last time I see you . clementine ( cont 'd ) anyhoo , sweetie , I do a bad thing . I kinda sorta wreck you car ... joel I can not believe you wreck my car . joel you be drive drunk . it 's pathetic . clementine ...a little . I be a little tipsy . do not call I pathetic . joel well it be pathetic . and fuck irresponsible . you could have kill somebody . the scene be start to degrade . the act become anemic . joel ( cont 'd ) I do not know , maybe you do kill somebody . clementine oh Christ I do not kill anybody . it 's just a fuck dent . you be like some old lady or something . voice -over right ! she call I a old lady here , too ! and I remember , I say ... joel ( cont 'd ) and what be you like ? a wino ? clementine a wino ? Jesus , be you from the fifty ? a wino ! ( laugh ) face it , Joel . you be freak out because I be out late without you , and in you little wormy brain , you be try to figure out , do she fuck someone tonight ? joel no , see , Clem , I assume you fuck someone tonight . be not that how you get people to like you ? this shut clementine up . she be stung and she start gather up she belonging , which be strewn about the apartment . Joel be immediately sorry he say this . he follow she around . joel ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . okay . I do not mean that . I just ... I be just ... piss , I guess . clementine be out the door . Joel follow . ext . STREET - night Joel look at he dent car , look at clementine clomping off in the distance . int . joel be car - continuous Joel drive to catch up with clementine . he roll down he window to talk to she . joel let I drive you home . clementine ( without turn ) fuck you , joel. faggot . joel look at it out here . it 's fall apart . I be erase you . and I be happy . she keep clomping . joel ( cont 'd ) you do it to I . I can not believe you do this to I . by morning you will be go . ha ! he stop the car , get out . ext . STREET - continuous it 's a street you might see in a dream , more a impression of a quiet street than a actual one , with what little detail there be obscure in darkness . Joel wander it . in the distance clementine walk off , but as in a animated loop , she do not get any farther away . it 's lonely . patrick voice see , remember that girl ? the one we do last week ? the one with the potato ? Joel look up , startle . stan's voice yeah , that 's this guy 's girlfriend . be . int . joel' apartment - night Stan watch the screen . Patrick pace , fidget , look at the unconscious Joel . patrick I gotta tell you something . I kind of fall in love with she last night . stan she be unconscious , Patrick . patrick she be beautiful . so sweet and funky and voluptuous . I kind of steal a pair of she panty , be what . stan Jesus , Patrick ! ext . STREET - night on the vague street Joel listen to Patrick and Stan . patrick voice I know . it 's not like ... I mean , they be clean and all . stan's voice look , just do not tell I this stuff . I do not want to know this shit . patrick voice yeah , okay . stan's voice we have work to do . there 's a click and Joel find himself in -- int . joel' apartment - night Joel and clementine sit and eat dinner in front of the tv . it 's hard to make out what they be watch . they sit on opposite end of the couch . they look bored . the scene quickly degenerate . the room fade . patrick voice okay , but there 's more . Joel listen . patrick voice ( cont 'd ) after we do she , I go to where she work and I ask she out . Joel look over at the fade clementine across the couch . she stare straight ahead at the tv . stan's voice Patrick ... do you know how unethical ... joel that must be the guy I see you with . voice -over in the bookstore that night . the skinny guy . there 's a click and Joel find himself in -- int . joel' apartment - night Joel watch tv . clementine walk by in she underwear , look at the tv . she slip into a skirt . clementine how can you watch this crap ? joel where be you go ? clementine I be fuck crawl out of my skin . the scene start to fade . clementine put on she shoe and head out the door . ext . zoo - day Joel and clementine walk around unhappily . they barely look at the animal . clementine watch parent with baby . joel oh shit . I remember this . ( to clementine ) want to go ? clementine ( pissy ) I want to have a baby . joel let 's talk about it later . clementine no . I want to have a baby . I have to have a baby . joel I do not think we be ready . clementine you be not ready . joel clementine , do you really think you could take care of a kid ? she turn violently toward he , glaring . clementine what ?! joel ( mumbly ) I do not want to talk about this here . clementine Joel , we be fuck gonna talk about it ! Joel look around . people be watch . clementine ( cont 'd ) you can not fuck say something like that and say you do not want to talk about it ! joel Clem , I be sorry . I should not have -- clementine ( scream now ) I would make a fuck good mother ! I love child ! I be creative and smart and I would make a fuck good mother ! the scene start to fade . clementine 's rant continue but become attenuate and vague . joel oh , thank God . it 's go . clementine it 's you ! it 's you who can not commit to anything ! you have no idea how lucky you be I be interested in you ! I do not even know why I be ! I should just end it right here , Joel . leave you in the zoo . maybe you could find a nice sloth to hang out with ! she 's cry now , but it 's almost animatronic , no real emotion in it . the scene be a husk . joel it 's go , clementine . all the crap and hurt and disappointment . it 's all be wipe away . she look up at he . clementine I be glad . they eye lock . she be fade before he eye . joel I , too . int . bar - night it 's noisy and crowded . Joel and clementine sit at a small table . she be drunk and stare off , blankly . joel so , um -- clementine ( swiveling head toward he ) would you get I another , joely ? Joel sigh , stand , and head to the crowded bar . clementine ( cont 'd ) thanky ! thanky ! Joel be at the bar , try to get the bartender 's attention . Joel be pay the bartender . he turn with the drink to head back to the table . he see clementine flirt with a man in Joel 's seat . Joel be at the table . clementine look from she conversation . clementine ( cont 'd ) Joel , this be Mark . he like my boob . he come over special to tell I that . be not that nice . he do not think I be fat . the scene start to fade . Mark rise . MARK I do not know she be with someone , man . clementine s'okay , Mark . Joel do not like my boob . ( stage whisper ) I do not think he like girl . the bar get quiet and vague . joel you be drunk . clementine you be a whiz kid . so perceptive , so -- clementine keep talk but there be no more intelligible word , just a whisper -- like a breeze . a doorbell buzze . Joel look up . int . joel' apartment - night Patrick open the door . Mary stand there in a winter coat , carry a backpack . mary ( coolly ) oh , hey , Patrick . patrick hi , Mary . how 's it go ? she walk past he . stan hey , you . Stan and Mary kiss . she look down at Joel as she take off she coat . mary it 's freezing out . stan you find we okay ? mary yeah . ( be : Joel ) poor guy . ( look around ) have anything to drink ? stan we have not check . mary well , allow I to do the honors . it 's fuck freezing and I need something . she head into the kitchen . Stan turn back to monitor the sliver of light . patrick Mary hate I . I have never be popular with the lady . stan maybe if you stop steal they panty . patrick ( guilty beat ) okay , there 's more , Stan -- Stan look over at Patrick . Mary return with a bottle of scotch and two glass . mary hey , hey . she pour the whiskey . mary ( cont 'd ) oh , Patrick , you do not want any , do you ? patrick Nah , I do not know . Mary hand a glass to Stan . she hold hers up in a toast . mary bless be the forgetful , for they get the better even of they blunder . Mary and Stan click glass . mary ( cont 'd ) nietzsche . Beyond good and evil . found it my bartlett . stan that 's a good one . mary yeah , I can not wait to tell Howard ! it seem really appropriate . stan ( a little sulky ) it 's a good one all right . patrick what 's you bartlett 's ? stan it 's a quote book . mary I love quote . so do Winston churchill . he actually have a quotation in bartlett 's about bartlett 's . be not that trippy ? patrick ( try to engage ) yeah . cool . mary " the quotation when engrave upon the memory give you good thought . " patrick very cool . trippy . mary I like to read what smart people say . so many beautiful , important thing . stan yup . mary do not you think Howard 's like that ? smart ? important ? stan ( beat ) yup . patrick definitely ! mary I think he will be in bartlett 's one day . Stan focus on the monitor . Mary pour herself another drink . patrick definitely . int . joel' bedroom - night it 's dark . Joel and clementine be in bed . the memory be already in the midst of be erase . clementine be talk in a monotonous , robotic manner . clementine you do not tell I thing , Joel . I be a open book . I tell you everything . every damn embarrassing thing . you do not trust I . joel no , it be not that . clementine I want to know you . joel I just do not have anything very interesting about my life . clementine Joel , you be a liar . the scene be fade completely now and Joel just lie there for a moment , register clementine 's statement . int . chinese restaurant - night Joel and clementine eat dinner in silence . Joel look around at other couple in the restaurant . some seem happy and engage . other seem bored with each other . he turn back to he food . joel how 's the chicken ? voice -over be that like we ? be we just bored with each other ? clementine good . he watch she as she downs she wine and pour herself another glass . she hold the wine bottle up to Joel . clementine ( cont 'd ) more ? joel no . thanks . there 's a silence . clementine how 's the fish ? the scene be fade . joel it 's good . they continue to eat in silence as the scene dissolves . patrick voice hi , clementine ! -- why , what 's wrong ? -- oh , I be sorry . -- well , I be not sure , I kind of have to study for my test -- int . joel' apartment - night Patrick be on the phone next to Joel 's bed . Stan watch the light on the computer screen . patrick hold on . let I ask my friend . ( cover mouthpiece ) Stan , can I leave for a little while ? my girlfriend be very -- stan Patrick , we be in the middle of -- patrick she 's right in the neighborhood . she 's upset . Mary be in the kitchen . she poke she head out . she 's get some pie on a plate . mary let he go , Stan . I can help . stan ( sighing , to Patrick ) go. patrick ( quietly ) Mary hate I . ( into phone ) I will be right over , tangerine . int . clementine's apartment - night candle be light . Joel and clementine be under a blanket on the live room rug listen to music . clementine joely ... joel yeah , tangerine ? clementine do you know the velveteen rabbit ? joel no . clementine it 's my favorite book . since I be a kid . it 's about this toy . there 's this part where the skin horse tell the rabbit what it mean to be real . ( cry ) I can not believe I be cry already . he say , " it take a long time . that 's why it do not often happen to people who break easily or have sharp edge , or who have to be carefully keep . generally by the time you be Real , most of you hair have be love off , and you eye drop out and you get loose in the joint and very shabby . but this thing do not matter at all , because once you be Real you can not be ugly , except to people who do not understand . " she 's weep . Joel be stroking she hair . they kiss and begin to make love under the blanket . it 's sweet and gentle and then it start to fade . joel ( scream ) no! Jesus , no ! he look down and clementine 's tear - streak face be fade . she continue as if she 's still be make love to , even though Joel be completely beside himself . he jump up naked and yell at the ceiling . joel ( cont 'd ) please ! please ! I have change my mind ! ( look down at fade clementine , then at ceiling ) I do not want this . wake I up ! stop the procedure ! plea -- int . joel' apartment - night Joel be unconscious on the bed , completely still . Mary and Stan watch the monitor and smoke a joint . after a silence : mary it 's amazing , be not it ? such a gift Howard give the world . stan ( a sigh ) yeah . mary to let people begin again . it 's beautiful . you look at a baby and it 's so fresh , so clean , so free . and adult ... they be like this messy tangle of anger and phobias and sadness ... hopelessness . and Howard just make it go away . stan you love he , do not you ? Mary seem surprised , take aback , catch . she be silent for a long moment . mary no. ( beat ) besides , Howard 's marry , Stan . he 's a very serious and ethical man . I be not go to tempt he to betray all he believe in . Stan take another drag on the joint , pass it to Mary . ext . STREET - night Patrick , bundle up and carry a full backpack , trudge through the snow . int . clementine's apartment - continuous clementine watch out the window as Patrick near . she 's cry . he make he way up she front stair . she swing open the door and hug he . patrick oh , baby , what 's go on ? clementine I do not know . I be lose . I be scared . I feel like I be disappear . I be get old and nothing make any sense to I . patrick oh , tangerine . clementine nothing make any sense . nothing make any sense . she push herself out of the embrace and look at Patrick . clementine ( cont 'd ) come up to Boston with I ? patrick sure . we will go next weekend and -- clementine now . now ! I have to go now . I have to see the freeze Charles ! now ! tonight ! patrick um , okay . I will call my study partner . clementine yay ! it will be great ! I will get my shit . she run into the bedroom . Patrick be at the phone and realize he do not know Joel 's number . after a moment 's think , he * 69' . the phone ring . joel' voice hi , it 's Joel . please leave a message after the beep . beep . patrick ( whisper ) Stan , it 's Patrick . pick up . stan's voice hey , where be you ? patrick I get into a situation with the old lady . can you handle thing tonight alone ? I be really sorry , man . int . joel' apartment - continuous Stan be on the phone . he 's really stone and watch Mary , stone herself , dance in a sexy trance to something soft and low on the stereo . stan I can handle it . he 's pretty much on auto-pilot anyway . int . clementine's apartment - continuous patrick thanks , Stan . I owe you . Patrick hang up , rifle quickly through he backpack . he pull out a silver bracelet , put it in he pocket , then pull out a journal , flip through it , keep a eye on the bedroom door . the handwrite be a woman' . he find what he 's look for . he read : clementine's voice I take Joel to walk on Charles River with I last night . it be so beautiful and charming . Joel be nervous about step onto the ice , but he want to please I so much -- he 's so sweet -- that he come out after I . we lay down right in the center and watch the star . he take my hand and say " I could ... ext . charle river - night Joel and clementine lie together hold hand on the freeze river . they look up at the star . joel ... die right now , Clem . I be just ... happy . I have never feel that before . I be just exactly where I want to be . clementine look over at he . her eye be fill with love and tear . then they get vague . the scene be be erase . Joel be panicked . joel ( cont 'd ) Clem , no ! this can not keep happen . please ! oh , fuck ! please ! crazily , Joel run off , pass through a series of decaye scene : he and clementine argue in a car , have sex on the beach , laugh and hold hand at a movie , eat grill cheese and tomato soup together in bed , Joel watch she sleep , they drink at a bar . he arrive at a decaye version of he first meeting with mierzwiak . mierzwiak we can help you through this . why do not you start now by tell I everything you can remember about -- joel you have to stop this ! mierzwiak what ? what do you mean ? joel I be trap in my head and everything I love be be erase ! stop it now ! mierzwiak yes , but ... I be just something you be imagine . what can I do ? I be in you head , too . int . clementine's apartment - night Patrick read the journal . clementine's voice ... and we make love right on the ice . it be absolutely freezing on my ass ! it be wonderful . clementine enter , dress for the cold . Patrick put the notebook away . clementine I be so excited . yay ! patrick I be excited , too . oh , and I want to give you this . it 's a little ... thing . Patrick pull the bracelet from he pocket , hand it to she . patrick ( cont 'd ) I do not have a chance to wrap it . clementine it 's gorgeous . ( slip it on ) just my taste . I have never go out with a guy who bring I a piece of jewelry I like . ( kiss he ) thanks . so let 's get go . Long drive . int . joel' apartment - night Stan and Mary have sex on the floor next to Joel 's bed . ext . forest - day Joel and clementine be hike , clementine in front . clementine such a beautiful view . joel ( look at she ) yes indeed . ( snap out of memory ) fuck ! they be erase you , Clem ! clementine oh ? joel I hire they to . we be in my brain . but I want it to stop , before I wake up and do not know you anymore . clementine wow . um , well ... can not you just force yourself awake ? joel I do not know . he concentrate . nothing happen . joel ( cont 'd ) aaargh ! it 's horrible ! I be trap ! he start to have a fit , bang against tree , stomping he foot , scream . but even while he 's do this the memory and clementine be fade around he . int . joel' apartment - day it 's raining out . Joel be read , slouched in a chair . he look over at clementine , stretch out on she belly in she underwear . she 's read , too . voice -over she 's so sexy . joel I love you on this day . I love this memory . the rain . we just hang . clementine look over at he , smile . her brow furrow in think . clementine what if you hide I ? joel what do you mean ? clementine ( formulate ) well ... if they be look for I in memory I be in , what if you take I to a memory I be not in ? ( proud ) and we can hide there till morning . Joel ponder this . the scene and clementine be beginning to dissolve . Joel grab clementine 's hand . she giggle with glee . he pull she out of the scene as it degrade . joel where ? where ? where ? he drag she through the landscape of already decaye memory and turn off into : int . kitchen - day the kitchen be date and vague . Joel and clementine be in a oversize playpen ; they be adult but small . Joel wear footsie pajamas with some vague little animal on they . he hold a a red furry huckleberry hound doll . clementine be still in she panty and bra . a oversize woman in high heel , see from a low angle , hurry back and forth prepare dinner . clementine Jesus . what 's this ? Joel look around at the kitchen , at he doll , at the woman . joel I must be about two . ( oddly ) I want my mommy . she 's busy . she 's not look at I . ( back to himself , be : doll ) look , my huckleberry hound doll ! I tell you about this ! ( beat ) I want my mommy ! he start to cry . clementine try to comfort he . she hug he . joel ( cont 'd ) ( cry still ) I want my mommy . ( adult , to clementine ) I do not want to lose you , Clem . clementine I be right here . joel I be scared . I want my mommy . I do not want to lose you . I do not want to lose ... clementine Joel , joely , look ... it 's not fade . the memory . I think we be hide . Joel suck in some snot . his mother scurries back and forth clanging pot . the room be not decaye . Joel smile . int . joel' bedroom - night Stan and Mary lie on the floor , they stone mind wander after sex . Stan suddenly perk up . he look at the monitor . stan it 's stop . mary what ? stan listen , it 's not erase . he make he way , naked , to the computer screen . stan ( cont 'd ) it 's not erase . he 's off the screen . mary where ? stan I do not know . he 's not on the map . Stan try to break through he marijuana haze . he fiddle nervously with the equipment . stan ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do ! I do not know what to do ! crap. crap ... mary well , what should we do ? stan I do not know ! I just say that ! mary sor-ry ( beat ) we have to do something . he can not wake up half do . stan shit ! he jerk the joystick spastically . Mary , also naked , get up and look over he shoulder at the screen . mary ( definitely ) we should call Howard . Stan turn and look at she . he 's stone and try to understand she motivation . stan no way . I can handle this . mary this guy 's only half cook . there 's no time to fuck around , Stan . Stan try to think . he pace . Mary watch he . finally : stan ( without make eye contact ) okay . he dial the phone , wait . stan ( cont 'd ) hello , Howard ? int . mierzwiak's bedroom - continuous the room be dark . a groggy mierzwiak be in bed on the phone . his wife lie beside he , eye open , listen . mierzwiak Stan ? what 's go on ? stan's voice the guy we be do ? he 's disappear from the map . I can not find he anywhere . mierzwiak okay , what happen right before he disappear ? stan's voice I be away from the monitor for a second . I have it on automatic . I have to go pee . mierzwiak well , where be Patrick ? stan's voice he go home sick . mierzwiak Jesus . all right , what 's the address . stan's voice 1062 sherman drive . apartment 1e , rockville Center . mierzwiak write it down on a bedside not pad . he hang up . int . joel' apartment - night Stan hang up the phone , look at Mary . mary he 's come ? stan you better go . mary Hell no . she start get dress . mary ( cont 'd ) shit , I be so stone . I do not want he to see I stone . stop be stone , Mary ! she hurry into the bathroom with she bag . mary ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) God , I look like shit ! God ! Mary slam the bathroom door . Stan put he head in he hand . int . kitchen - day Joel and clementine be in the playpen . Joel 's oversize mother reach down as she hurry by and pat Joel on the head . mother how 's my baby boy ? she 's go . joel I really want she to pick I up . it 's weird how strong that desire be . clementine hold he hand . he look over at she . clementine you know , we be okay . they be not find we . you will remember I in the morning . and you will come to I and tell I about we and we will start over . joel I love you so much this day . on my bed in you panty . I remember I think , how impossibly lucky be I to have you on my bed in you panty . she kiss he . clementine you remember what happen next ? joel I come over to the bed and you smell so good , like you just wake up , slightly sweaty . and I climb on the bed with you and you say something like -- clementine -- another rainy day . whatever shall we do ? he laugh . she unbutton he pajamas . they begin to make love . Joel 's mother hurry around the kitchen . Joel stop , look at clementine . joel there 's this guy ! clementine what ? joel there 's this guy . I hear he talk in my apartment . he 's one of the eraser guy . and he fall for you when they be erase you , so he introduce himself the next day as if he be a stranger and now you be dating he . clementine really ? be he cute ? joel he steal a pair of you panty while you be be erase ! clementine Gross ! you must remember to tell I this in the morning . I be , like , so freak out now . int . clementine's car - night it 's a rust bucket . clementine drive through the snow . she 's cry and hold Patrick 's hand . clementine what 's wrong with I ? patrick nothing be wrong with you . you be the most wonderful person I have ever meet . she glance gratefully over at he then start to cry even harder . int . joel' bedroom - night Stan work on try to get the signal back . his hair be comb and he 's dress neatly , look professional but still stone . Mary be pace nervously to and from the window , look out into the night . she 's dress also , and she 's wear more make - up now . her hair be pull up into some sort of style . suddenly she freeze at the window . mary there he be . oh my God . oh my God . do I look okay ? she do not say anything . mary ( cont 'd ) I be still stone . be you ? crap . she look in the mirror . mary ( cont 'd ) ( to Joel ) you visine do not do shit , fella . the doorbell buzze . Mary lunge for the door , then calm herself before open it . mierzwiak , hold a equipment bag , look surprised . mierzwiak Mary . what be you do here ? stan she come to help , Howard . mary I want to learn as much about the procedure as possible , Howard . I think it 's important for my job ... to help comfort the clientele . you know . mierzwiak look from Mary to Stan , nod , and enter . Mary close the door . mierzwiak cross to the equipment . mierzwiak let 's get to the bottom of this . shall we ? he sit down in front of the computer and do some fiddling . mierzwiak ( cont 'd ) odd . he fiddle some more . Mary look on , fascinate . stan I try that already . mierzwiak do you try go through C - Gate ? stan yeah . of course . mierzwiak ponder . he unzip he equipment bag , pull out another laptop computer and plug it in to the system . mierzwiak I be go to do a spectrum search throughout he memory , see if anything come up . mierzwiak press some more button . the program start up . a much more complex and detailed human brain appear on this screen . it rotate . eventually mierzwiak see a small distant light in the brain . he zeroe in on it . mierzwiak ( cont 'd ) okay , here it be . I do not know why it 's off the map like that , but -- int . kitchen - day Joel be be bath in the oversize sink by he oversize mother . clementine sit in the water with he , laugh . the mother do not seem to see she . mother Little baby get awwwl cleean . awl clean . joel ( to clementine ) I love get bath in the sink . it 's such a feel of security . clementine ( giggle ) I have never see you happier . the element of the scene flash explosively away : Joel 's mother , he huckleberry hound doll , the detail of the kitchen , clementine . Joel be throw into : int . car - night he sit with clementine in the park car , outside a drive - in movie theater . the movie on the giant screen be partially obscure by a fence . Joel and clementine drink wine . int . joel' bedroom - night mierzwiak look up from the computer screen . mierzwiak okay , we be back in . mary that be beautiful to watch , Howard . like a surgeon or a concert pianist . mierzwiak well , thank you , Mary . stan ( sighing ) you get some sleep , Howard . I will take it from here . mierzwiak yeah , probably a good idea . int . car - night clementine and Joel laugh as they try to give voice to what the character on the screen be say . clementine but can not you see ... I love you , antoine . joel do not call I antoine . my name be wally . clementine yes , but I can not love a man name wally . she start to fade . the scene start to fade . Joel remember they previous plan . joel they find we before . the plan do not work . I do not know what to do now . clementine ( mouth to woman on screen ) hide I somewhere deeper ? somewhere bury ? Joel grab she . they run off just as the scene decay into a husk behind they . int . joel' bedroom - night Stan be back at the control . mierzwiak 's at the door with Mary . stan Howard , they have disappear again . mierzwiak oh dear . mary I be so sorry , Howard , you must be tired . he nod , distractedly . she smile to herself as he head back to the equipment . ext . schoolyard - afternoon Joel , now the size of a junior high school kid and dress accordingly , be peer around the corner of the school building toward the bike rack . clementine be with he , dress as she be in the park car . clementine look at you , cutey ! what be we do ? joel this kid , Joe early , be go to beat the shit out of I . voice -over I be terrify . I think if I hang around the art room long enough , he would go home and I could get my bike . they head toward the bike rack . Joel 's be the only bike remain . clementine ( cont 'd ) poor Joel . they're at the bike rack and a bunch of kid , include giant , fat Joe early come around the corner . joe early hi , Jill . joel he call I Jill . everyone call I Jill after this . the other kid laugh . joel just shut up , Joe . I be go home . joe early I do not think so . we be fight . joel I do not want to fight you . the kid start chant , " fight , fight , fight ... " Joe early throw a wild punch that hit Joel in the side . joel fall and stay down , cover himself . joe early c'mon , Jill . get up , faggot . c'mon . Joel do not say anything . he peek humiliate at clementine . she 's watch he . she 's get a tear in she eye . she kneel down beside he , put she arm around he . joel I be too scared to even throw a punch . when I tell people this story I leave that part out . the scene flash violently to white and be go . int . joel' apartment - night mierzwiak be at the machine . mierzwiak we get he back . Stan , I think I be just go to have to get through this manually . we be run late . ext . beach - day it 's cold . Joel and clementine walk , all bundle up . she point at a house up the beach . clementine we house ! we house ! she run ahead , laugh . the scene be decaye . Joel chase after she . joel Clem , c'mon , we have get to hide you . remember ? he grab she arm and yank and they be in : int . boy' bedroom - night it 's dark . Joel , junior high school size , be in bed masturbate . clementine be in there , too , in she winter coat , still laugh from before . she realize what 's go on . clementine ( mock offended ) Joel ! joel ( continue to masturbate ) I do not like it either , but I be just try to find horrible secret place to -- Joel 's mother pop she head in the door . mother Joel , I be just -- ( see what 's go on ) oh. um ... I will ask you in the morning , honey . have a good night . the mother back out , close the door . Joel cringe . clementine laugh , still in the mode of the memory she be swipe from . flash ! it 's all go . int . restaurant - night Joel and clementine be laugh as she blow out the candle on a slice of cheesecake in front of she . Joel hand she a small wrap box . joel happy birthday . clementine ( unwrap the gift ) thanks , joely . a present ! oh boy ! she pull out the bracelet . it 's the same bracelet Patrick give she . clementine ( cont 'd ) oh , Joel . it 's beautiful ! ( slip it on ) I mean , you be the first guy who ever buy I a piece of jewelry I could honestly say that about . he notice she 's start to fade . joel I scour the city for it . clementine I love it ! she lean across the table to kiss he . he grab she and run through the decaye scene and into the vague night . ext . suburban STREET - day Joel be one of a group of five year old . he hold a hammer and be poise to hit a dead bird in a red wagon . the other boy be goad he . boy c'mon , Joel , you have to . do it already . Joel do not want to . clementine watch . joel I can not . I have to go home . I will do it later . voice -over I do not want to do this . but I have to or they would have call I a girl . Joel miserably smashes the bird repeatedly with the hammer . Red jelly gut cover the hammer and the wagon bottom . the kid hoot . voice -over I can not believe I do that . I be so ashamed . a live bird watch from a tree . clementine , still dress for she birthday dinner ( wear she new bracelet ) , pull Joel away from the other boy . the two of they walk down Joel 's suburban street . clementine it 's okay . you be a little kid . ( beat ) this be a great birthday present . get to see you as a boy . she kiss he and they walk hold hand . joel ( point ) that 's where I live . live . Joel look down at she hand . it 's fade . the bracelet be go . clementine be go . his childhood house be go . int . joel' bedroom - night mierzwiak work the equipment . he have locate a small area of light in the brain imaging and eradicate they . mierzwiak I be get the hang of it . I still understand it . but I be find he quickly enough . I be hopeful there will not be too much peripheral eradication . Mary sit on the bed . mary ( a little giggly ) I like watch you work . Stan sigh , grab he coat . stan I will go out for a smoke . if no one mind . mierzwiak ( not look up ) that 's fine , Stan . Mary do not say anything . Stan huff and be out the door . mierzwiak continue to find and erase point of light . Mary get up she courage to speak . mary do you like quote , Howard ? mierzwiak how do you mean ? mary oh , um , like famous quote . I find read they inspirational to I . and in my read I have come across some I think you might like , too . mierzwiak oh . well , I would love to hear some . Mary be thrilled , beside herself . she try to calm down . mary okay , um , there 's one that go " bless be the forgetful , for they get the better even of they blunder . " mierzwiak be that nietzsche ? mary yeah , yeah it be , Howard . and here I be think I could tell you something you do not know . mierzwiak it 's a good quote , Mary . I be glad we both know it . he smile at she . she 's flustered , flatter . mary ( sputtering ) there 's another one I like , I read . it 's by Pope Alexander . mierzwiak Alexander Pope ? mary yes , shit . oops , sorry ! ( put hand over mouth ) sorry . it 's just I tell myself I be not go to say Pope Alexander and sound like a dope and then I go ahead and do it . like I psyched myself out . mierzwiak it 's no big deal . mary you be such a sweetheart . there 's a embarrassed moment as that line hang in the air . then Mary plunge ahead to bury it . mary ( cont 'd ) anyway , the quote go " how happy be the blameless vestal 's lot ! the world forget , by the world forget : eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ! each prayer accept , and each wish resig n would " . she smile , proud and embarrassed . mierzwiak that 's lovely . mary really ? I think it be appropriate maybe . that 's all . ( beat , then quickly ) I really admire the work that you do . I know it 's not proper to be so familiar but I guess since we be outside the workplace I feel a certain liberty to -- mierzwiak it 's fine , Mary . I be happy to hear it . mary okay . good. great . thanks . ( blurt ) I like you , Howard ... a awful lot . be that terrible ? mierzwiak seem momentarily take aback , then return to he unflappable self . mierzwiak you be a wonderful girl , Mary . she lean over and kiss he , then pull away quickly . mary I have love you for a very long time . I be sorry ! I should not have say that . mierzwiak I have get a wife , Mary . kid . you know that . mary ( suddenly weepy ) I wish I be you wife . I wish I have you kid . mierzwiak comfort she with a hug . it turn into kiss . he pull away . mierzwiak we can not do this . mary no you be right . once again . you be a decent man , Howard . he smile sadly at she . she smile courageously at he . mierzwiak I want you to know it 's not because I be not interested . if that mean anything . they look at each other a long while , then Howard go back to locating and eradicate blip of light . ext . joel' apartment build - night Stan sit in the van and smoke a cigarette . he have a unobstructed view into Joel 's bedroom window . he watch mierzwiak and Mary . they be talk as Howard work . it appear to be a very serious discussion . a car pull up outside . Stan turn to see . a middle - age woman get out , check the address on Joel 's building , approach the only light window , watch mierzwiak and Mary inside . mierzwiak 's resolve have apparently weaken and he and Mary kiss again . this time it lead to grop , partial undress , and fall onto the bed alongside the unconscious Joel . the woman in the window be transfix . as mierzwiak fumble to unzip he pants , he catch sight of the woman in the window . he practically shriek and jump up . ext . country road - day Joel and clementine walk , hand - in-hand , look up simultaneously . int . joel' bedroom - continuous Mary look confusedly at Howard . mary what ? she follow he eye and see the woman in the window , who turn and walk off in a huff . mary ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! mierzwiak be already in he coat . he 's out the door . ext . joel' apartment build - continuous the woman be at she car . Stan watch from the van . mierzwiak be hurry to the woman . mierzwiak hollis ! hollis ! hollis ( the middle - aged woman ) I know it , Howard . I do not even know why I bother to copy the damn address . mierzwiak it do not start out to be this . I come here to work . it 's a one - time mistake . Mary be right behind mierzwiak now . hollis be in she car . mary ( heroically ) Mrs. mierzwiak , it 's true . and it 's not Mr. mierzwiak 's fault . I be a stupid little girl with a stupid little crush . I basically force he into it . I swear . hollis turn , look at Mary and then at mierzwiak . hollis do not be a monster , Howard . tell the girl . Stan be out of the van now , listen . Mary shiver in the cold , hug herself . there 's a long silence . then : mary tell I what ? hollis and mierzwiak have lock eye . Mary look back and forth between they . hollis start she car . hollis poor kid . you can have he . you do . she drive off . Mary watch Howard with increase forebode . mary what , Howard ? mierzwiak we ... have a history . I be sorry . you want the procedure . you want it do ... to get past . I have to finish in there . it 's almost morning . we will talk later . he shuffles inside . Mary stand there , unable to digest this , struggle in vain to remember . Stan watch . stan let I take you home . Mary shake she head " no . " she walk off , daze . ext . charle river - night clementine and Patrick lie on they back on the freeze river and look up at the night sky . patrick I could die right now , Clem . I be just happy . I have never feel that before . I be just exactly where I want to be . clementine look over at he . they eye meet . she sob . clementine I want to go home . she hurry toward the shore , slip on the ice , get up , and continue , now run . int . commuter train - night Mary , in shock , sit in the empty fluorescent car . she try to look out the window but can only see she own reflection . int . joel' bedroom - night it 's deathly silent as mierzwiak and Stan work on complete the job . mierzwiak locate a light hide very deep in the map of Joel 's brain . he target it . ext . rowboat - day Joel , the size of a ten year old , sit fishing with he oversize father . clementine be naked and in the boat , too . she 's read the play by Stephen dixon . clementine I love this book , Joel . thank you so much for tell I about it . Joel be he father . the father be drunk and sullen . he face away from Joel , look out at the lake . father do not be like I , son . do not waste you life . you will come to a point someday where it will be too late . you will be sewn into you fate ... joel it be horrifying , see my father like that . there be no hope for I if he life be such a failure . and he see failure in I , too , write in my future . clementine watch the frighten , confuse Joel . clementine ( cont 'd ) Joel , you be not sewn in . he 's wrong . father ... and there will be nowhere to go except where you be head , like a train on a track . inevitable , unalterable . the scene poop out of existence with a flash of light . int . chinese restaurant - night Joel find himself eat chinese food and sit across from clementine . he be rag and jarre . joel I be do , Clem . I be just go to ride it out . hiding be clearly not work . clementine yeah . joel I want to enjoy my little time leave with you . clementine this be we first " date " date . joel do you remember what we talk about ? clementine naomi , I guess . joel yeah . clementine what be I wear ? joel God , I should know . you hair be red . I remember it match the wallpaper . clementine egad , be you horrify ? joel no ! I think you be wear that black dress , y'know , with the button . she be wear the black dress . clementine no , you be with I when I buy that . at that place on East 6th . it be later . int . dress shop - shop the scene have already be erase . it 's just a decaye husk . a vague Joel watch a vague clementine model a black dress . int . restaurant - night clementine wear a generic black dress now . joel right . something black though . clementine I will buy that . Black 's always good . joel we do talk about naomi . clementine I say : be you sure ? you seem unsure . joel I be sure , I say . clementine but you be not . I could tell . joel I be so nervous . I remember I could not think of anything to say . there be long silence . there be a long silence . joel ( cont 'd ) I think I be foolish . I think I would mistaken infatuation for love . you say : clementine so what . infatuation be good , too . joel and I do not have a argument . int . car - night Joel and clementine pull up to clementine 's house . joel I drop you off after . you say -- clementine ( mae West ) come up and see I ... now . joel it 's very late . clementine yes , exactly . exactly my point . int . clementine's apartment - night Joel and clementine be in the midst of awkward shy sex . joel this be we first time . the scene start to fade . Joel watch clementine disappear . int . lacuna reception area - night Mary enter the dark room , frazzle . she flip on the fluorescent light and search the file folder , find one with she name on it . her jaw drop . with a shaky hand , she put the tape into the player on she desk and press " play . " mierzwiak voice okay , so just tell I what you remember . and we will take it from there . mary voice ( shaky ) um , I like you immediately . at the job interview . you seem so ... important and mature . and I love that you be help all this people . you do not come on to I at all . I like that . I be tongue- tie around you at first . I want you to think I be smart . you be so nice . I love the way you smell . I could not wait to come to work . I have this fantasy of we be marry and have kid and just ... ( start to cry ) ... and so ... then ... when ... that one day , when I think you look at I back ... like ... oh , howie , I can not do this ? how can I do this ? mierzwiak voice it 's what 's best , Mary . you know that . Mary slump to the floor . we move into she eye . mary voice yeah , I know . oh , God . okay , well , I be so excited ... a series of murky image . no detail . a flirtatious look from mierzwiak . mary voice ( cont 'd ) ... remember you buy I that little wind - up frog ? a vague shot of a wind - up frog . mary voice ( cont 'd ) and you say ... a vague shot of mierzwiak mouth to Mary 's voice . mary voice ( cont 'd ) " this be for you desk . just a little token " back to Mary sit on the floor , listen to the tape . mary voice ( cont 'd ) I know then ... I know something be go to happen ... something wonderful . int . joel' apartment - night Joel sit in the quiet live room . the scene be fade . joel naomi . voice -over on the couch . dark. quiet . I wonder if I have make a terrible mistake . I almost reach for the phone about a thousand time . I think I could take it back , erase it , explain I have momentarily lose my mind . then I tell myself we be not happy . that be the truth . that what we be be safe . it be unfair to you and to I to stay in a relationship for that reason . I think about clementine and the spark when I be with she , but then I think what you and I have be real and adult and therefore significant even if it be not much fun . but I want fun . I see other people have fun and I want it . then I think fun be a lie , that no one be really have fun ; I be be sucker by advertising and movie bullshit ... then I think maybe not , maybe not . and then I think , as I always do at this point in my argument , about die . int . room - day a elderly man sit . voice -over I project myself to the end of my life in some vague rendition of my old man self . I imagine look back with a tremendous hole of regret in my heart . int . joel' apartment - night Joel sit . voice -over I do not pick up the phone to call you , naomi . I do not pick up the phone . the scene dissolves . int . joel' apartment - day namoi be red-ey from cry . she be pack thing in box . Joel pace , steal glance at she , do not know what to say . she hold up a book . the scene start to fade . naomi your ? joel you take it . I do not know . she toss it in a box . joel ( cont 'd ) naomi , I really value we relationship . I hope it 's possible for we to stay in touch . naomi do not do this to I now , Joel . really . int . joel' bedroom - day Joel watch out the window as naomi stuff a final box in the trunk of a car . there 's another woman down there with she . they get into the car and drive off . int . border' bookstore - night Joel talk to clementine . the scene be fogging over . joel I tell she today I need to end it . clementine be that what you want ? joel I do it . I guess that mean something . clementine shrug . the scene fade . ext . park - day Joel walk with naomi . naomi so what 's go on , Joel ? joel I do not know , I have just be think , maybe we be not happy with each other . naomi what ? joel y'know , we have be , I do not know , sort of , unhappy with each other and -- naomi do not say " we " when you mean " you . " joel I think maybe , we be both so use to operate at this level that -- how can one person be unhappy ? if one person be unhappy , both have to be ... by definition . naomi bullshit . who be it ? you meet someone . joel no . I just need some space , maybe . naomi the thing be , Joel , whatever it be you think you have with this chick , once the thrill wear off , you be just go to be Joel with the same fuck problem . joel it 's not somebody else . voice -over I hate myself . naomi walk off . Joel watch she . the scene fade . int . border' bookstore - night Joel enter , look around . there 's no sign of clementine . Joel approach a male employee . joel be there a clementine who work here ? male employee # 1 ( call to another male employee ) Mark , be Clem on tonight ? male employee # 2 on my dick , bro. ( turn , sese Joel , embarrassed ) oh , hey . yeah , I think she 's upstairs in philosophy . Joel climb stair , search the aisle , spot clementine . joel hi. she turn . clementine I do not think you would show you face around I again . I figure you be humiliate . you do run away , after all . joel sorry to track you down like this . I be not a stalker . but I need to see you . clementine ( seemingly uninterested ) yeah ? joel I would like to ... take you out or something . clementine well , you be marry . joel not yet . not marry . clementine look , man , I be tell you right off the bat , I be high maintenance . so I be not go to tiptoe around you marriage or whatever it be you get go there . if you want to be with I , you be with I . joel okay . clementine so make you domestic decision and maybe we will talk again . she go back to stack . Joel stand there helplessly . joel I just think that you have some kind of ... quality that seem really important to I . the scene be disintegrate . clementine 's speech be deliver without passion . clementine Joel , I be not a concept . I want you to just keep that in you head . too many guy think I be a concept or I complete they or I be go to make they alive , but I be just a fuck - up girl who be look for my own peace of mind . do not assign I yours . joel I remember that speech really well . clementine ( smile ) I have you peg , do not I ? joel you have the whole human race peg . clementine probably . joel I still think you be go to save I . even after that . clementine I know . joel it would be different , if we could just give it another go around . clementine remember I . try you best . maybe we can . the scene be go . int . rob and carrie' car - night Joel sit forlornly in the back seat . Rob drive and carrie sit in the front passenger seat . the car stop in front of Joel 's apartment building . joel thanks , guy . carrie I hope you feel better , sweetie . joel yeah . carrie say hi to naomi . the car door close . int . build stairway - night Joel climb the stair . voice -over I hope she 's not up . I need to think . int . joel' bedroom - night the light be off . Joel sit on a chair near the window , write in he journal . the streetlight illuminate the paper . naomi sleep in the bed . voice -over I meet someone tonight at a party on the beach . her name be clementine . there be something alive about she . naomi turn over in bed , see Joel . naomi ( full of sleep ) hi. joel hi. naomi how be it ? joel you do not miss much . Rob carrie say hello . naomi hi , Rob and carrie . joel go back to sleep . the room be start to decompose . naomi yeah . come to bed . I be cold . joel in a minute . naomi turn over . Joel go back to he write . voice - over ( more and more emotionless ) I do not know what to do about this . I have be feel so alienate and numb lately . forever . the think of not acknowledge my feeling again seem self - destructive . how can I continue on this path toward a live death , a life fill with obligation and guilt and responsibility but joyless , hopeless ? I need to speak with clementine . the scene have turn to a husk . int . joel' apartment - afternoon Joel be at he closet , put on a sweater . naomi be at the dining room table , papers spread out before she , write . Joel turn and watch she for a moment . joel so you do not mind ? naomi I have get to finish this chapter anyway . the scene be fade . joel okay . I wish you could come . voice -over this be it . the night we meet . my God , it 's over . naomi ( cont 'd ) I , too . he approach naomi , kiss she on the top of the head . she continue to write . naomi ( cont 'd ) say hi to Rob and carrie . have some fun ! joel I hope you get you work do . naomi ( sighing ) yeah . int . rob and carrie' car - night Rob drive . carrie fiddle with the radio dial in the front passenger seat . Joel sit in the back . carrie I be sorry naomi could not make it . you okay ? you seem quiet . joel just a little overworked , maybe . voice -over the trip to the party where I meet clementine . my first memory of she be now my last memory of she . Joel look out the window . carrie turn around and say something to Joel . she be backlit , she hair a halo of frizz . joel I remember you turn around . you face be dark and you hair be backlit -- I could see a halo of frizz -- you ask I if thing be okay between naomi and I . carrie I do . you say , thing be fine . joel I remember . carrie this be the night you meet clementine , Joel . I remember watch you walk down the beach with she and I think , oh shit . joel yeah , you tell I that later . carrie I tell you that later . Joel look out he window . he see the husk of a memory on the darken roadside . it 's Joel and carrie in : int . rob and carrie' kitchen - day fade . carrie and Joel sit at the table with coffee . carrie who be the girl you walk off with ? joel no one . ext . beach parking lot - night Rob , carrie , and Joel emerge from the car , park amidst a small cluster of car in a otherwise empty parking lot . ext . beach - night Joel watch he shoe in the sand as he trudge along . carrie be this the right way ? ext . beach - moment later Joel , Rob , and carrie step out of the brush and see a bonfire down the beach . people and music can be hear . ext . beach - later Joel sit on a log , a paper plate of chicken and corn on he lap . people warm themselves at the fire . Joel watch couple talk , kissing , Rob share a joint with a guy . joel you be down by the surf . I could just make you out in the dark . Joel look down to the water . there 's clementine , in she orange hood sweatshirt , look out to sea . joel ( cont 'd ) you back to I . in that orange sweatshirt I would come to know so well and even hate eventually . at the time I think , how cool , a orange sweatshirt . voice -over I remember be draw to you even then . I think , I love this woman because she 's alone down there look out at the black ocean . joel ( cont 'd ) but I go back to my food . the next thing I remember , I feel someone sit next to I and I see the orange sleeve out of the corner of my eye . a shot of the orange sleeve . Joel look up . clementine hi there . joel hi. voice -over I be so nervous . what be you do there , I wonder . you hair be lime green . Green revolution . a shot of she green hair . joel you say ... clementine I see you sit over here . by yourself . I think , thank God , someone normal , who do not know how interact at this thing either . joel yeah . I do not ever know what to say . clementine I can not tell you how happy I be to hear that . I mean , I do not mean I be happy you be uncomfortable , but , yknow ... I be such a loser . every time I come to a party I tell myself I be go to be different and it 's always exactly the same and then I hate myself after for be such a clod . joel even then I do not believe you entirely . I think how could you be talk to I if you could not talk to people ? voice -over but I think , I do not know , I think it be cool that you be sensitive enough to know what I be feel and that you be attract to it . clementine but , I do not know , maybe we be the normal one , y'know ? I mean , what kind of people do well at this stuff ? voice -over and I just like you so much . clementine ( cont 'd ) you do ? you like I ? joel you know what I do . clementine yeah , I know . I be fishing . joel you say -- she pick a drumstick off of Joel 's plate . clementine I be clementine . can I borrow a piece of you chicken ? joel and you pick it out of my plate before I could answer and it feel so intimate like we be already lover . joel ( cont 'd ) I remember -- voice -over the grease on you chin in the bonfire light . shot of a smudge of chicken grease on clementine 's chin . clementine oh God , how horrid . joel I be Joel . voice -over no , it be lovely . clementine ( cont 'd ) hi , Joel . so no joke about my name ? joel you mean , like ... ( sing ) oh , my darlin ' , oh , my darlin ' , oh , my darlin ' , clementine ... ? huckleberry hound ? that sort of thing ? clementine yeah , like that . joel nope . no joke . my favorite thing when I be a kid be my huckleberry hound doll . I think you name be magic . she smile . clementine ( eye welling ) this be it , Joel . it 's gonna be go soon . joel I know . clementine what do we do ? joel enjoy it . say good -bye . she nod . Joel and clementine be walk near the surf . joel ( cont 'd ) so you be still on the Zoloft ? voice -over next thing I remember we be walk down near the surf . clementine no , I stop . I do not want to feel like I be be artificially modulate . joel I know what you mean . that 's why I stop . clementine but my sleep be really fuck up . joel I do not think I have sleep in a year . clementine you should try xanax . I mean , it 's a chemical and all , but it work ... and it work just have it around , know that it 's there . like insurance . joel yeah ? clementine I will give you a couple . see what you think . joel okay . clementine have you ever read any Anna akhmatova ? joel I love she . clementine really ? I , too ! I do not meet people who even know who she be and I work in a book store . joel I think she 's great . clementine I too . there 's this poem -- joel do this conversation come before or after we see the house ? clementine I think , before . joel seem too coincidental that way . clementine yeah , maybe . Joel and clementine wander near some beach house close for the winter . clementine ( cont 'd ) do you know she poem that start " seaside gust of wind , / and a house in which we do not live ... joel yeah , yeah . it go " perhaps there be someone in this world to whom I could send all this line " ? clementine yes ! I love that poem . it break my heart . I be so excited you know it . ( point to house ) look , house in which we do not live . Joel chuckle appreciatively . clementine ( cont 'd ) I wish we do . you marry ? joel um , no . clementine let 's move into this neighborhood . clementine try one of the door on a darken house . Joel be nervous . joel I do sort of live with somebody though . clementine oh . she walk to the next house , try the door . clementine ( cont 'd ) male or female ? joel female . clementine at least I have not be bark up the wrong tree . she find a window that 's unlatch . she lift it . clementine ( cont 'd ) cool . joel what be you do ? clementine it 's freezing out here . she scramble in the window . Joel look around , panicked . joel ( whisper ) clementine . voice -over I could not believe you do that . I be paralyze with fear . the front door open and clementine stand there beckone . clementine ( cont 'd ) c'mon , man . the water 's fine . nobody 's come here tonight , believe I . this place be close up . electricity 's off . joel I hesitate for what seem like forever . clementine I could see you want to come in , Joel . he walk cautiously toward the door . clementine ( cont 'd ) as soon as you walk in . I know I have you . you know I know that , right ? int . house - continuous Joel enter the darken and clementine close the door behind he . joel I know . clementine I know by you nervousness that naomi be not the kind of girl who force you to criminally trespass . joel it 's dark . clementine yeah . what 's you girlfriend 's name ? joel naomi . she 's search through drawer for something . she pull out a flashlight , shine it in Joel 's face . clementine ah-ha ! now I can look for candle , match , and the liquor cabinet . joel I think we should go . clementine no , it 's we house ! just tonight -- ( look at envelope on counter ) -- we be David and Ruth laskin . which one do you want to be ? I prefer to be Ruth but I be flexible . ( open cabinet ) alcohol ! you make drink . I be go find the bedroom and slip into something more Ruth . I be ruthless at the moment . she run upstairs , giggle . the room be drying out , turn into a husk . joel ( call after she ) I really should go . I really need to catch my ride . voice -over I do not want to go . I be too nervous . I think , maybe you be a nut . but you be exciting . you call from upstairs . clementine ( cont 'd ) ( flat ) so go . joel I do . I walk out the door . I feel like I be a scared little kid . I think you know that about I . I run back to the bonfire , try to outrun my humiliation . you say , " so go " with such disdain . clementine ( cont 'd ) ( poke she head downstairs ) what if you stay this time ? joel I walk out the door . there 's no more memory . clementine come back and make up a good - bye at least . let 's pretend we have one . clementine come downstairs , vague and robotic , make she way through the decaye environment . clementine ( cont 'd ) bye , Joel . joel I love you . she smile . they kiss . it fade . clementine I -- ext . beach - night Joel find himself hurry back to the bonfire . this scene , too , be disintegrate . it dry up and Joel be just stand there on a fade beach at night , the bonfire freeze in the distance like a photograph . int . car - night Joel sit in the back seat , Rob and carrie be in the front . carrie do you have fun ? Joel nod glumly . carrie continue to talk , but she voice go under as Joel study the fade husk of memory , pile like refuse outside the move car window . he see dry - out version of previous interaction with clementine play out in loop . he look back and see the memory of he ride home from the beach with Rob and carrie . it , too , be decaye . soon all have crumble into dust . everything go black . int . joel' bedroom - early morning Howard watch the monitor . the last speck of light be fade . it grow dark . he be tired , he eye be hollow . he turn to Stan , who be stare out the window at the dawn . howard okay . Stan turn and wordlessly begin the clean-up . he pull the electrode off of Joel 's scalp , coil cable , pack bag . Howard dial the bedside phone . he wait as it ring . hollis' voice hi , you have reach the mierzwiak . we can not come to -- Howard hang up . ext . joel' apartment build - early morning Stan and Howard load the last of the equipment into the back of the van . he and Howard look at each other . stan so , I have get to drop the van off . mierzwiak thanks , Stan . thanks . int . patrick be car - early morning Patrick and Mary be head home from Boston . Mary be silent and depressed . Patrick try to break the silence . patrick you want to stop for coffee or something ? Mary shake she head " no . " Long silence . patrick ( cont 'd ) well , it be sure beautiful on that river . thanks for share it with I . Mary do not say anything . silence . patrick ( cont 'd ) well do it again soon . ext . parking structure - early morning Stan pull the van into space mark " lacuna . " he get out , cross to he car . Mary be sit on the hood . stan hey . mary ( beat ) do you swear you do not know ? stan I swear . mary and you never even suspect ? never see we behave in any unusual way together ? stan once , maybe . she watch he closely , wait for he to continue . stan ( cont 'd ) it be here . at he car . I be come back from a job and spot you together . you seem catch . I wave . you giggle . mary how do I look ? stan ( beat ) happy . happy with a secret . Mary start to cry . mary and after that ? stan I never see you together like that again . so I figure I be imagine thing . Mary say nothing . stan ( cont 'd ) I really like you , Mary . you know that . mary do you remember anything else ? what I be wear ? be I stand close to he ? be I lean against he car like I own it ? how do he look at I when I giggle ? tell I everything . stan ( think ) you be in red . that red sweater with the little flower , I think . you be lean against he car . ( think ) he look a little like a kid . kind of goofy and wide - eye . I would never see he look like that before . happy . you look beautiful . you look in love . mary ( head toward the levator ) thanks , Stan . she stop but do not turn to face he . mary ( cont 'd ) you be nice . ( beat ) but I love he . I know I love he . now I know . he nod . she wave , head to the elevator . int . joel' bedroom - morning Joel awaken . the apartment be neat , like when he go to sleep . he get out of bed and head into the bathroom . ext . commuter train station - morning Joel wait on the crowded platform . the platform across the track be empty . Joel 's train arrive . it 's pack . he squeeze on with all the other commuter . int . office - day Joel work in he cubicle over the light table . he seem distract . he dial he phone . he 's nervous . joel hi ... naomi ? yeah , hi ! how be you ? I know , I know . it 's be a long time . not too much . you ? oh , that 's great ! congratulation ! maybe I could buy you dinner to celebrate ? tonight ? I be free . okay , good ! int . lacuna reception area - day Mary do paperwork at she desk . she look through she reception window at the sad people wait in the lobby with they bag of stuff . int . mierzwiak's ofice - continuous mierzwiak dial he phone and wait . he hang up . Mary enter with the papers . mary I need this sign , Howard . he take it , unable to make eye contact . he sign it , hand it back . mary ( cont 'd ) thanks . ( beat ) so ... do we talk about this ... or what ? mierzwiak I do not know what I be suppose say , Mary . I want to do the right thing here . mary do you love I ? do you love I ? something . I listen to my tape . I can not believe I have be sit right in front of it for a year . it 's like listen to someone else 's story . I mean , I hear myself talk about have sex with you and I can not even imagine you naked . I can not even say " naked " to you ! mierzwiak I have a family , Mary . mary you make I have a abortion . mierzwiak it be a mutual decision . mary you make I have you erase ! I love you . I love you ! how could you -- mierzwiak I do not make you . you think it best . ( off she stare ) but , look , I take full responsibility . she look at he for a long while . then , out of frustration , she scream . int . restaurant - night Joel sit across from naomi . naomi ( oddly cautious ) so ... you have not be involved with anyone in all this time ? joel it 's be a pretty lonely couple of year . naomi I be sorry . joel well , it be my fault -- the break -up . I be sorry . naomi oh , sweetie . it really do cut both way . we be take each other for grant and -- joel I miss you . naomi miss you , too. ( awkward pause ) I have be see someone for a little while . joel ( try for enthusiasm ) oh! great . that 's great ! naomi a religion instructor at Columbia . a good guy . he 's a good guy . joel I be sorry . I really should not have -- naomi I be glad you call . int . joel' bedroom - night Joel and naomi be in bed have sex . there be certain sexual routine , habit , they have fall back into almost immediately . she stick she tongue in he ear in a way that 's try to be sexual but just feel embarrassing to he . they finish and lie there . joel so you think the dissertation will get publish ? naomi I do n;t know . I be not sure there 's a big public demand for book on calvinism and misogyny . int . clementine's apartment - night clementine lie in bed with Patrick . ext . commuter train station - morning the platform be crowded with business commuter . Joel be among they . the platform across the track from they be empty . suddenly , Joel turn and make he way through the crowd . he climb the stair , cross the overpass and make he way to the empty platform . a almost empty train pull into that platform . Joel get on the train and watch the business commuter through the dirty window as he train pull out of the station . int . mary apartment - morning Mary get out of bed . she have be cry all night . she 's a wreck . she put on some coffee then cross into the live room area . sitting there be pile of the file from work . she pull the top one out , copy the name and address onto a envelope stuff the file and tape cassette in . she pull another file out . this one have Joel 's name on it . she copy it onto a envelope . int . clementine's apartment - night Joel say goodbye to clementine . clementine so you will call I , right ? joel yeah . clementine when ? joel tomorrow ? clementine tonight . just to test out the phone line . joel yeah . Joel exit . we stay on clementine as she watch Joel head to he car , tromping through the snow . int . joel' apartment - night Joel enter , drop he overcoat on a chair , dial the phone . joel hi , naomi , it 's Joel . naomi be voice hi. joel how 's it go ? naomi's voice good . I call you at work today . they say you be home sick . joel I know . I have to take the day to think . naomi's voice yeah , I try you at home . do you get my message ? joel I just get in . naomi's voice Long day think . Joel flip on message with volume down . joel yeah , I suppose so . naomi on machine ( cheerful ) hi . they tell I you be sick ! so ... where be you ?! I have a really nice time last night . just want to say hi , so ... hi . call I . I be home . call I ! naomi's voice that 's I . joel there you be . ( pause ) naomi , it 's just ... I be afraid if we fall back into this fast without consider the problem we have ... naomi okay , Joel . I suppose you be right . joel I have a good time last night . I really do . naomi so I be go to get some sleep . I be glad you be okay . joel we will speak soon . naomi ' night . she hang up and Joel stand there for a minute feel creepy , then he dial the number on a piece of paper . clementine's voice what take you so long ? joel I just walk in . clementine's voice hmmm . do you miss I ? joel oddly enough , I do . clementine's voice ha ha ! you say , I do . I guess that mean we be marry . joel I guess so . clementine's voice tomorrow night ... honeymoon on ice . ext . charle river - night clementine step out onto it . Joel follow nervously . clementine do not worry . it 's really solid this time of year . joel I do not know . she take he hand and he be suddenly imbue with confidence . joel ( cont 'd ) this be so beautiful . she squeeze he hand . clementine be not it ? she run and slide on the ice . Joel be by himself now . joel I do not know . what if it break ? clementine what if ? clementine lie on she back and stare up at the star . Joel be paralyze . he look back at the shore . joel I think I should go back . clementine Joel , come here . please . he hesitates then gingerly make he way over to she . she reach for he hand and gently pull he down . he lie on he back beside she , they body touch . he want to turn to she , but out of shyness , do not . she hold he hand . they look up at the star . she smile , do not say anything and snuggle closer to he . joel listen , do you want to make love ? clementine make love ? joel have sex . y'know -- clementine oh , um ... joel because I just be not drunk enough or stone enough to make that happen right now . clementine that 's okay . I -- joel I be sorry . I just want to say that . this seem like the perfect romantic exotic place to do it and -- clementine hey , Joel -- joel -- and I be just too nervous around you right now . clementine I be nervous , too . joel yeah ? I would not have think that . clementine well , you obviously do not know I . joel I be nervous because I have and enormous crush on you . she smile up at the sky . clementine show I which constellation you know . montage we see people go to they mailbox , find manila envelope . one by one they open the envelope and pull out tape . we see stunne , confuse , disbely reaction as people listen to they tape . ext . clementine's apartment - day Joel drop clementine off . she kiss he . int . joel' apartment - a few minute later Joel enter with he mail . he open a manila envelope , read the enclose file , stick the cassette tape in he stereo , listen . Joel dial the phone . clementine's voice yeah ? joel do you send this ? be it a joke ? clementine's voice I probably get the same thing as you . joel I mean , I have not even tell anyone I have meet you . who would even know to do this ? clementine's voice ( matter of fact ) maybe it 's true then . it 's my voice on the tape . joel that 's what you have to say ? how could it be true ? I never even hear of any procedure like this . it 's a joke . clementine maybe . call someone who would know . montage we see the people we see open envelope , now on the phone . we hear over and over : " be this true ? " , " do this really happen ? " , " do I know you ? " , " be it true ? " int . rob and carrie' kitchen - day carrie be on the phone . she pause nervously , then speak : carrie yes , Joel . it be true . we be not suppose to say anything . they say it 's like waking a sleepwalker . int . joel' apartment - continuous Joel hang up . he dial the phone . joel it 's true . clementine's voice I know . I speak to my friend magda . Joel be immerse in the several page document . joel look , I have to go . I have to think . clementine's voice Joel , we have fuck . we have make love . like a million time . and we be so sweet and shy and inept with each other last night . be not that lovely ? Joel do not know what to say as this register . he just stand there dumbly . clementine's voice ( cont 'd ) come over here , sweetheart . please . int . clementine's apartment - later Joel and clementine review they separate lacuna package together . clementine say you be close off , non communicative , never tell I what you be feel . joel say you be a bully ... clementine ( laugh ) a bully ? moi ? joel that 's what it say . you drank too much , you pick on I for be passive and timid . clementine well , sound like I . sorry , man. ( read ) say you be jealous and suspicious . joel say you would sometimes disappear all night , then brag to I about you sexual conquest . clementine do I use the term " sexual conquest " or be that you way of put it . joel I do not know . clementine do not sound like I . joel say you be a slob , leave trail of panty and dirty sock in you wake . clementine say you be constantly call I a slob . ( laugh ) it 's sexy that we be like a marry couple , gripe and overly - familiar and bored . do not you think ? joel ( consider ) I sort of do . but I only see it as a fantasy version of reality . clean up enough to be erotic . clementine we should have sex . it 's old hat for we . she smile at nervous Joel . clementine ( cont 'd ) you know my body like the back of you hand . she unbutton she blouse . clementine ( cont 'd ) every curve , every freckle . she take off she shirt . he stare at she . he have clearly never see this body before . joel you be so beautiful . she approach he , kiss he , he arm wrap around she waist for the first time . int . lacuna lot . waiting room - morning Stan enter the wait room , now crowded with people hold they file , a stunne - look lot . there be a new woman in the reception window . the file case behind she be bare . receptionist May I help you ? stan I work here . I use to work here . Stan . please just tell Howard I be here to clean out my desk . receptionist ( into phone ) Mr. mierzwiak , Stan be here to -- yes sir . ( to Stan ) he say he need to see you . int . mierzwiak's office - moment later Stan enter . mierzwiak be pale and pace . mierzwiak she should not have do this , Stan . as mad as she be ... as justifiably -- stan I do not know what you be talk about , Howard . mierzwiak Mary have steal we file and be send they back to people . stan Jesus . mierzwiak turn up the volume on a small video monitor look in on the lab , where Patrick have clearly take over Stan 's position . he be in the process of interview a sad young woman . young woman ... so I call everybody I know and ask they to tell I everything . now I know my entire history with he , but it 's in the form of a story , I be lose my mind . mierzwiak this be why people must never be tell . it 's like waking a -- young woman I do not know what to do . before I think I be depressed for no reason . now it 's like I have be assign a reason . patrick this never should have happen , mar 'am . we will take care of it . mierzwiak I know you do not like I much , Stan , but please talk to Mary . she of all people should know this be a dangerous thing she 's do . int . office - day Joel work over he light box . his phone ring . joel hi , it 's Joel . clementine's voice hey , lover . whatcha do ? joel I be just , y'know , pass the time best I can till I can see you . clementine's voice God , I can not believe I ever hate you . joel you must have be crazy . clementine's voice guess what I be wear . joel I do not know . panty and -- clementine's voice you dry cum . joel Jesus . clementine you be still excited by my irreverence . you have not yet start to think of it as my " gratuitous need to shock . " joel I can not stop think about you . clementine yay . meet I after work by the old mill . joel what old mill ? be that somewhere we -- clementine I just want to say that . come by my house . int . mary apartment - day Mary open the door . Stan stand there with two cup of take out coffee . mary oh . stan hi. mary what do you want , Stan ? stan can I ... I bring some -- she step aside for Stan to enter . he do , look around , see the tape and the stuff envelope on the floor . stan ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? mary nothing . stan I know what it be . mary then why do you ask I ? stan I do not know . I just -- there be a lot of really confuse people show up at the office . mary they have a right to know . Howard be a thief . he steal the truth . ( suddenly weep ) I can not remember my baby ! I can not remember my baby . it exist and I can not even remember . do you understand that ? Stan do not know what to say . he stand there dumbly . Mary slump into a ball on a chair . stan Mary , people come to he voluntarily . mary I will not allow it . that who cannot remember the past be condemn to repeat it . what do you think of that ? that 's from my quote book . stan the office be fill with people who want they memory re-erase . mary ( hysterically ) remember the alamo ! remember the alamo ! stan Mary ... please . this be hurt people . Long pause , then : mary ( small ) I do not want to hurt people . ( break down ) but this thing happen ! all this little sadness , the big one . what if no one remember ? what do that do to the world ? ( beat , quietly ) someone have to remember , Stan . they look at each other . ext . park - afternoon vague elliptical image of a young girl on a swig . sad woman' voice I be by myself in the park because my friend davia be sick that day . I be on a swing . there be this smile man walk a little bushy dog -- vague shot of a man smile , a scruffy dog on a leash . sad woman' voice ( cont 'd ) the man say something like , " he 's friendly -- " vague shot of the man , he voice overlap with the woman' . sad woman' voice ( cont 'd ) " -- he will not bite . " man he will not bite . you can pet he if you want ... shot of the girl petting the dog . man do you want to give he a biscuit ? the girl nod . man ( cont 'd ) they be in my car . why do not you -- distraught woman' voice Excuse I ? hello ? int . lacuna reception area - day Mary , with a headset on , look up , startle . she switch off the tape . she have be cry . there 's a pile of tape next to she . the distraught woman be stand there . mary May I help you ? distraught woman I be here for Dr. mierzwiak . my name be helene kernfeld . mary yes , please have a seat . the doctor will be with you momentarily . the woman sit . Mary press a intercom button . mary ( cont 'd ) Howard , you 10:30 . she switch the tape back on . sad woman' voice he take I to he car and ... vague shot of the girl be rape . int . commuter tube - day the old woman be stare off blankly , she giant manuscript in she lap , as she travel over the New York skyline . we move into she eye . int . vague space vague reenactment of memory intermingle in this undefine space : the young girl be rape by the man in the car . a soldier on a battlefield look at he slaughter friend . a couple fight , from the woman 's point of view . man I ...i ... I ... find you physically repulsive ! I can not even look at you ! they look at each other in silence . a little boy be call " faggot " by a endless succession of boy . the aftermath of a car accident from the driver 's Pov . Mary have a abortion . int . commuter tube - day the old woman and she chair lift out of the line of commuter . int . waiting room - day it 's modern and well - appoint . the old woman enter , sit behind the reception desk , drop she manuscript into the drawer . she take some pill with water . a old man enter . old man how be you today , Mary ? old woman ( mary ) let 's see ... still die , Howard . old man ( howard ) you do not have to jump down my throat . I be try to be nice . old woman ( mary ) well , do not try . it 's unbecome on you . Old Howard mutter something and disappear into the back . Old Mary pull out a file from behind , remove a small disc , place it in a machine on she desk , slip on earphone and listen , somewhat wearily but attentively . we watch the color drain from she face , but do not hear the recording . another old woman enter the office . Old Mary look up , seem a bit startle , conceal it , turn off the tape . old woman ( mary ) ( cont 'd ) May I help you ? second old woman I would like to make a appointment . old woman ( mary ) I think the doctor be free this morning . he can probably take you right away for a initial consultation . the second old woman smile gratefully . int . old man' office - a few minute later Old Howard work at he desk . Old Mary enter with the second old woman . old woman ( mary ) Dr. mierzwiak , this be clementine kruczynski . she would like to talk to you . Old Howard and the old Mary eye each other . old man ( howard ) hello , Ms. kruczynski . Nice to meet you . please have a seat . he indicate a sit area . she sit . he join she . old man ( howard ) ( cont 'd ) would you mind if I tape we discussion ? she shake she hear . he punch a couple of button on he computer console . a tape recorder start up and he computer screen light up so only he can see it . on it we see a whole file on clementine kruczynski : a list of fifteen date of previous erasure stretch back fifty year , all of they involve Joel barish . old man ( howard ) ( cont 'd ) so , why do not you begin by tell I why you have come here . second old woman ( clementine ) well , I meet this man , Joel , three year ago at a senior dance ... we would both be alone for so long and ... int . tube - night the old woman ( Mary ) travel in the commuter tube over Manhattan . it 's late , the tube be mostly empty . she have earphone on . second old woman ( clementine ) ( v.o. ) I remember Joel and I be have breakfast -- int . vague space a old man and the second old woman eat breakfast . second old woman ( clementine ) ( v.o . ) -- I say something like we should go upstate and see the leave change ... the old man look up from he cereal and stare blankly . the woman smile , but there be no response ... just a dead stare . second old woman ( clementine ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he just stare at I as if I do not exist . as if I have never exist ... int . tube - continuous the second old woman 's ( clementine ) voice drone tinnily on in the distance . the old woman with the earphone be dead , she eye glassy and unsee . second old woman ( clementine ) ( v.o. ) -- he eye use to be so fill with love . but it be go . how can I go back to be alone after see love ? I be alone for so long . what have I do with my life ? I be alone so long . int . second old woman' apartment - night the old clementine be unconscious on she bed , hook up to modern version of the erase machine . two young technician monitor the equipment . the woman 's bedside phone ring . her machine pick up . after a moment : old man' voice hi , it 's Joel . what 's go on , Clem ? why will not you call I back ? please call I . we need to speak . the machine click off . one of the technician reach over and press the " erase " button on the machine . black . the end