" event horizon " screenplay by Philip eisner shoot draft ext . neptune - model interplanetary space a vast field of star . the gas giant Neptune slowly spin into view . brilliant and blue and cold against the void . ext . neptune - model a black silhouette stand out against the planet , tiny against Neptune 's scale . ext . neptune - model drift closer to discern the hard angle of a man-made craft . a ship . no longer dwarf by the planet , the scale of the vessel emerge : a vast labyrinth of steel . its shadow swallow all in darkness . dissolve to : int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY shaft of Neptune 's blue light enter through window , illuminate debris suspend in the zero-gravity environment : shard of metal and glass . move from the corridor into : int . event horizon - bridge a cockpit for three . Neptune 's blue light fill the chamber , reflect off immobile particle in the air . thick quartz window look down at Neptune . the cockpit light be dark but for one blink red light . a emergency beacon . under - floor light go on . the strobe of the red light reveal a man float at the helm , slowly spin . he be dead , perfectly preserve in the cold vacuum of space . his eye be empty black pit and he mouth hang open in a scream : dr . william weir . CUT to : int . studio apartment weir open he eye , waking from dream . sweat bead he ascetic , etched face . many year a scientist . he turn on the bedside lamp , revealing a couple 's apartment . decorate by a woman , but weir be alone , unless you count photograph . his nightstand look like a shrine to a beautiful woman . weir reach to the stand . pick up ... recent , unframed photo the woman appear thin and haggard and wear a small brave smile . weir lie back on the bed . look at the photo . press it to he forehead and close he eye . try to be with she , just one more time . weir ( whisper ) I miss you . int . studio apartment - later weir stand in front of the bathroom mirror , shave with a straight-razor . the mirror reveal the bathtub just behind he . drip , drip , drip ... weir turn to stare at the bathtub . Water well up at the mouth of the tub 's faucet , grow impossibly large , fall ... drip . weir turn back to he shave . int . studio apartment - later weir stand in the kitchenette , stare at the microwave as it cook he breakfast . int . studio apartment - later weir stand before he window , chew he oatmeal mechanically , force himself to swallow . he reach out to open the blind ... int . studio apartment reverse angle as the blind pull aside , revealing weir , upside - down . rotate and pull back ... ext . daylight station - model to reveal daylight station weir 's window be just one of many in a space station , a delicate combination of cylindrical habitat and solar panel . the structure hang above the Earth in low orbit . title card : daylight space station 08.23.2046 int . studio apartment ( blind OPEN ) a videophone ring os ... weir ( v.o. ) this be weir . lyle ( v.o. ) ( tinny ) Dr. weir , Admiral hollis would like to see you as soon as possible . CUT to : int . daylight - office a military office , United States aerospace Command seal blazon on the door . view of the Earth . Admiral hollis sit behind he desk , a gruff career officer and a good man . weir enter , escort by hollis ' adjutant , lyle . weir you want to see I , Admiral ? hollis I apologize for the short notice , Bill , but we have have something come up that require you immediate attention . lyle ? int . holographic display of the solar system lyle activate a holographic display of the solar system . a box magnify the eighth planet , Neptune , revealing a flash red dot in its orbit . int . daylight office lyle at oh-three - hundred this morning , tdrss pick up a automated navigation beacon broadcasting at two minute interval in Neptune orbit . lyle hand weir a stack of hardcopy data . weir read the data with grow excitement . weir incredible ... this be the same coordinate before the ship disappear ... this , this happen ? this be not some kind of hoax ? hollis I would not bring you here on a hoax . Houston confirm the telemetry and i.d. code . weir ( excited ) it 's the event Horizon . she 's come back . hollis answer drily . hollis that ship be lose in deep space , seven year ago . if the Titanic sail into New York harbor , I would find it more plausible . ( beat ) Houston want aerospace to send out a search and rescue team , investigate the source of the transmission . if it really be the event Horizon , they will attempt a salvage . ( beat ) we need you to prepare a detailed briefing on the ship 's system for the salvage crew ... weir a write briefing can not possibly anticipate the variable on a mission like this . I have to go with they . lyle look at weir , stunne by the request . lyle Dr. weir , you have no experience with salvage procedure . weir I design the ship 's propulsion system . I be the only person capable of evaluate the performance of the gravity drive . you can not send a search and rescue team out there alone and expect they to succeed . that would be like ... like send a auto - mechanic to work on the shuttle . lyle I can understand you desire to redeem you reputation , Dr. weir , but it do not factor into this . weir this be not about my reputation ! this be not about I at all ! ( beat , passionate ) the event Horizon be create for one reason : to go faster than light . imagine mankind explore new solar system , colonize new world . Seven year ago , we do not just lose the ship and the crew . we lose the dream . ( beat , quiet and relentless ) I have to go . hollis it 's not that simple . ( off of weir 's expression ) lyle , play the recording for Dr. weir . lyle navigation Control try to hail the vessel . this be the only response . lyle press a button on hollis ' desk . a unholy garble rip from office speaker : static and noise and inhuman voice . alone , each sound would raise the hair on you neck . together , they be unbearable . the sound mercifully cut off to static . lyle stop the tape . weir sit there , stunne . lyle since the initial transmission , there 's be no further contact . just the beacon , every two minute . weir the crew ? could they still be alive ? lyle the ship have life support system for eighteen month . they be be go seven year . weir someone send that message . Admiral , you have to put I on that ship . hollis stare at weir , judge the man with he eye . hollis it 's against my better judgement , but I will run this by the man downstairs . you will know my decision by the end of the day . weir thank you . hollis do not thank I , Bill . I be not do you any favor . weir leave . the door close behind he . lyle you be not seriously consider send he ? hollis you do not just dismiss Bill weir . the man hold oppenheimer 's chair at Princeton . if the event Horizon have work , he would have go down in history as the great mind in physics since Einstein . lyle the official inquiry blame weir 's design for the ship 's loss . hollis that do not mean a damn thing . they be look for a scapegoat and weir fit the bill . but he 's not responsible for what happen to the ship . lyle do he know that ? hollis what 's on you mind ? lyle he do not belong on this mission . responsible or not , he blame himself . he 's too close to it . ( beat ) and then there 's he wife . hollis it 's be two year since she die . he 's over it . lyle some thing you do not get over . beat . hollis I want we best people on this . where 's Miller ? lyle the Lewis and Clark just return from patrol in the asteroid belt , she 's dock in bay four . CUT to : ext . daylight station / ext . lewis and clark the Lewis and Clark pull away from daylight station , turn towards the depth of space . it be a tough -look spacecraft , all engine . sequence omit from original script . int . lewis and clark - bridge move in on thick quartz window near the ship 's nose : the bridge ... Split level . above : avionic , navigation , flight control . starck ( female , Navigator , sharp mind , sharp tongue ) check the navigation data on she screen as smith ( male , Pilot , wrap too tight ) punch in the course . smith I can not believe this , I have not get more than my hand in six week and now this shit . why not Mars , cap , Mars have woman ... starck Smith 's right . Neptune ? there 's nothing out there . if something happen , we will be on we own . the captain 's chair drop from above , swivel to reveal miller ( male , Captain , intense ) . miller I do not like it either , but you know the rule : we get the call , we go . be the course lock in ? smith lock and cocked . starck we be past the outer marker , we can engage the ion drive whenever you be ready . miller Justin ? below : the bridge 's " war-room " -- ship 's system and mission station . justin ( male , engineer , young hot -shot ) . justin everything green on my board , skipper . miller start the countdown . starck ion drive will engage in ... t-minus ten minute . miller let 's go . Miller slide down a ladder into the war-room . the other follow into ... int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY bulky eva ( extra-vehicular activity ) suit line the wall . music blare from a jambox , build into a storage locker . a emergency tech stow safety line : cooper -- male , the resident pain - in- the -ass . he sing along with the music . miller ( not break stride ) kill it . Cooper reach up , turn off the box . cooper time to play spam in the can . miller do not start with I , Cooper . Cooper fall in as the crew continue into ... int . lewis and clark - quarter evidence of long term habitation . personalize locker . fold - down bunk , chair , table ; currently stow for docking . a modular galley . peter ( female , emergency technician , the crew 's denmother ) and dj ( male , Doctor , a cold perfectionist ) load co2 scrubber into a bin in the floor . weir stand to the side like a fifth wheel . weir Captain Miller , I just want to say ... miller the clock be run , Dr. weir . if you will follow the rest of the crew , they will show you to the gravity tank . weir hesitates , then follow the crew into Medical . Miller hang back . miller what 's the hold up ? peter just load the last of the co2 scrubber . ( to Miller , accusatory ) good for four month . miller I put in for a replacement for you but no one ... peter no , no , its alright . I talk to my ex , he will keep denny over Christmas and I will get he this summer . ( beat ) goddam it , skipper ... I have not see he in two month . miller I be sorry . but now we have to go to work . CUT to : int . lewis and clark - medical a high tech operate room . modular equipment . vertical tank line the wall , each large enough to hold a human be : gravity couch . the crew stand before the gravity couch , almost nude , no room for modesty . starck catch Cooper look at she ass as she strip to she undergarment . Cooper grin . she flip he off , not bother to turn around . cooper be that a offer ? starck it be not . Miller disrobe . two service tag hang around he neck . he do not remove they . weir approach he . weir Captain Miller , I appreciate this opportunity ... miller Doctor weir , my crew be not go on you mission because we want to . we be pull off a well deserve leave , to be send out to the middle of nowhere , and no one 's even tell we why . weir I have be authorize to brief you and the crew once we reach Neptune space . miller until then , do what you be tell and stay out of my way . weir nod , move to a empty couch bear he name , write on a piece of tape . Peters watch he . peter first time in a grav couch ? weir yes . she check weir 's couch , help he climb in . weir keep one eye on Miller . peter ( off of weir 's glance ) do not worry about it . he 's hard , but he 's fair . you be lucky to be shipping out with he . he 's one of the few captain in the service with experience in the Outer reach . weir he 's be past Mars ? peter he serve on the goliath . weir be not that ship destroy ? peter ( nod ) they attempt to rescue a supply shuttle bound for titan . the shuttle 's oh-two tank rupture during the rescue , flood both ship with pure oxygen . there be a spark and both ship be incinerate . the skipper and three other just make it to a lifeboat . Captain Miller be able ... dj ( interrupt ) he do not like to talk about it . dj swathes one of weir 's arm with alcohol . dj you do not eat anything in the past twelve hour ? weir shake he head . dj when the ion drive fire , we will be take about 30 gee . without a tank , the force would liquefy you skeleton . dj inject weir . the scientist wince . weir I have see the effect on mouse . the overhead light change to red . miller five minute . dj hand he the breathe mask . dj put this on . weir do . dj check the fit . peter you will be fine . you will wake up and we will be there . watch you finger . dj close the tank . it begin to fill with green gel . weir 's eye grow large with fear and then the anaesthesia hit . his eye close . his body draw into a fetal position . dj ( check the monitor ) heart -rate decrease ... body temp drop to 80 ... 70 ... 60 ... 50 ... 40 degree Fahrenheit . he 's in stasis . CUT to : ext . lewis and clark - model the ion engine at the aft of the ship begin to glow a deep red . int . lewis and clark - medical the crew hang inert in the gravity couch . ext . lewis and clark - model silence . the engine flare white hot . the Lewis and Clark lance forward . CUT to : ext . lewis and clark - interplanetary space - model the Lewis and Clark race silently past . the engine at its aft hold a sustained fusion reaction like the sun . graphic : u.s.s. Lewis and Clark . 56 day out . int . lewis and clark - medical close on weir immobile in the grav tank . he might be sleep . he might be dead . a distant SOUND echoe though the ship , the unholy garble of human and inhuman voice -- it be the event Horizon , call to he -- the sound refine into a woman' voice , no more than a whisper : voice billy ... weir open he eye . voice I be so cold ... weir 's grav tank open . wider to reveal the seven body of the crew , suspend inert in the gel . a sound : drip ... drip ... drip ... weir slowly walk to the Bridge . voice I be so cold ... int . lewis and clark - bridge a naked woman sit at the helm , she back to we . completely still . her skin be very pale . Water pool around she chair . weir stand behind she . weir ( tentative ) Claire ? she do not answer . she do not move . weir reach out to touch she shoulder , then pull he hand back , afraid . weir Claire ? I be sorry . Claire ? he reach out again . he touch she hair . she do not move . weir catch she reflection in the computer monitor . something wrong with she face ... he start to spin she around . claire I be so cold ... CUT to : int . lewis and clark - medical weir awake with a jolt , in he grav couch . his mask have slip . his tank have fill with blood . he be drown . CUT to : int . lewis and clark - medical reality . weir 's eye open . he press against the glass of the tank , try to force it open , panicked . the other be already step from open tank . weir 's tank open with a hiss . he tumble to the floor , gasp , fluid stream from he mouth . Peters rush to he . weir ( gasp ) Claire ... peter dj ! ( to weir ) it 's okay . you be okay . just breathe . weir catch he breath . he look up . the crew surround he , concerned . weir I be alright now . I be alright ... dj help he to he foot . dj move slowly . you have be in stasis for fifty - six day . you be go to experience a little disorientation . weir nod . cooper damn , Dr. weir , do not scare we like that . coffee ? weir what ? cooper coffee . weir no , thank you . Cooper , still butt -nake and proud of it , grab a metal cylinder from the wall and pour a mug for himself . cooper hey , starck . you wanna dry my back ? starck give he a cool once over . starck maybe when you finish puberty . Miller zip up . miller starck , why be not you on the bridge ? starck I just finish drying ... miller then what be you do here ? come on , people , let 's go ! ( to Cooper ) and Cooper ... put some pants on . CUT to : ext . interplanetary space - lewis and clark - model silence . the Lewis and Clark drift towards Neptune . int . lewis and clark - quarter the crew have secure the quarter from flight status . bunk have be fold down , each alcove personalize with photograph and pin-up . dj move around the cabin , check the crew 's radiation badge . Cooper and Justin sit on they bunk , toss a handball across the cabin . Peters hold a " watchman " video unit , watch a " video letter " ... ext . peter home - garden ( denny' party ) ... from denny , she four- year - old son , a paraplegic , grin widely in he new wheelchair : denny ( video ) play horsey , mommy , play horsey ... in the video , Peters enter shot , scoops she child from the chair . peter ( video ) want to play horsey , do you ... ( etc . ) int . lewis and clarke - quarter weir sit huddle in a blanket . Miller take a seat next to he . starck and Smith enter . starck sit next to Miller . smith 30 hour to Neptune orbit . starck all board be green , everything 's five by five . miller that 's good to know . Justin , you wanna stow that ? Justin catch the ball , hold onto it . miller okay , listen up . as you all know by now , we have a addition to we crew . Dr. weir , this be : starck , navigation ; Smith , pilot , Justin , ship 's engineer -- cooper you can call he baby-bear , he love that ... miller this be Cooper , what the hell do you do on this ship , anyway ? justin ballast . cooper ( to weir ) I be you best friend . I be a lifesaver and a heartbreaker ... miller he 's a rescue technician . Peters , medical technician . dj ... dj trauma . miller and this be mission specialist Dr. William weir . we all know where we be go . Dr. weir be go to tell we why . Miller and the crew look at weir , wait . weir clear he throat . weir what I be about to tell you be consider code- black by the NSA . the crew look at each other : they have not hear that in a mission briefing before . justin that mean top-secret , Cooper . cooper I hear it . weir the usac intercept a radio transmission from a decaye orbit around Neptune . the source have be identify as the event Horizon . stunned silence . then everyone talk at once : starck that 's impossible ! she be lose with all hand , what , seven ... justin Seven year ago , the reactor blow ... peter how can we salvage ...? smith let the dead rest , man ... cooper ... cancel we leave and send we out on some bullshit mission ...! miller everybody shut up ! let the man speak . in the quiet that follow : weir what be make public about the event Horizon , that she be a deep space research vessel , that its reactor go critical , that the ship blow up ... none of that be true . ( beat ) the event Horizon be the culmination of a secret government project to create a spacecraft capable of faster - than - light flight . the crew stare at weir : he have just drop another bomb on they . smith you can not do that . starck the law of relativity prohibit faster - than - light travel ... weir relativity , yes . we can not break the law of relativity , but we can go around it . the ship do not really move faster than the speed of light ; it create a dimensional gateway that allow the ship to instantaneously " jump " from one point in the universe to another , light year away . starck how ? weir well , in layman 's term , you use a rotate magnetic field to focus a narrow beam of graviton ; this in turn fold space - time consistent with Weyl tensor dynamics until the space - time curvature become infinitely large and you have a singularity ... cooper laymen 's term . weir think of another way to explain it . he rip a pin - up from Smith 's locker . smith hey ... weir say this paper represent space - time , and you want to get from " point a " here ... ( mark it on the photo with a pen ) ...to " point B , " here . ( mark point B ) now : what 's the shortest distance between two point ? the crew stare at he . starck decide to play . starck a straight line . weir wrong . the shortest distance between two point ... weir fold the paper , lining up point a over point B ... then thrusting he pen through both , skewer the pin-up . weir ... be zero . that 's what the singularity do : it fold space , so that point a and point B coexist in the same space and time . after the ship pass through this gateway , space return to normal . ( hand the ruin pin - up back to Smith ) it 's call a gravity drive . justin how do you know all this ? weir I build it . even Cooper be impressed . cooper I can see why they send you along . justin so if the ship do not blow up , what happen ? weir it be the ship 's maiden voyage , to test the drive . the event Horizon move to safe distance use ion thruster . they receive the go-ahead to activate the gravity drive . ( beat ) and the ship vanish from all we scope . no radar contact , no enhance optical , no radio contact of any kind . they disappear without a trace . ( beat ) until now . miller where have it be for the last seven year ? weir that 's what we be here to find out . CUT to : ext . interplanetary space - model the Lewis and Clark flash silently past , head deeper and deeper into space . int . lewis and clark - bridge the crew assemble . weir we have not be able to confirm any live contact , but tdrss do receive a single transmission from the event Horizon . weir punch a button on a console . the transmission blare from the bridge 's speaker , static and noise and , underneath all , inhuman voice . the crew listen , look at one another . the recording end abruptly . smith what the hell be that ? peter it do not sound like anything human . weir Houston have pass the recording through several filter and isolate what appear to be a human voice . he activate a different file . the result wail be more human but no less terrifying , a cry of despair . the last message from a drown man ... smith Jesus ... miller what be that ? dj it sound like Latin . cooper Latin ? who the fuck speak Latin ? starck no one . it 's a dead language . dj mostly dead . miller what do it say ? weir NSA encryption specialist have decipher some of the message ... weir play the hellish incantation for a third time . weir there : " ...liberatis I ... " they have not be able to translate the rest , it 's too distort . dj " liberatis I . " " save I . " cooper from what ? miller ( to weir ) you be convinced the crew could still be alive ? after seven year ? weir the event Horizon only have life support for eighteen month . it seem impossible , but in light of the transmission ... I have to think that someone have manage to endure until now . cooper skipper , do we get hazard pay for this ? miller you hear the tape , Smith . we be look for survivor . CUT to : ext . neptune - lewis and clark - model the Lewis and Clark close in on the blue planet . int . lewis and clark - bridge the flight crew assemble . data flash across the main monitor on the bridge . starck cross the horizon . optimum approach angle be fourteen degree . miller come around to three - three - four ... smith ( echoing ) head three - three -four ... miller ( continue ) ... make you approach vector negative fourteen degree ... smith one-four degree ... ext . lewis and clark - neptune orbit - model rcs thruster pivot and fire as the ship enter Neptune orbit , drop lower and lower into the dense blue cloud ... int . lewis and clark - bridge the ship begin to rock as it encounter atmosphere , a grow vibration . graphic flash across the main window 's hud . Neptune 's dark shadow fill the screen . smith we have a lock on the event Horizon 's navigation beacon . it 's in the upper ionosphere , we be in for some chop . miller bring we in tight . starck , get on the horn , see if anyone 's listen ... starck ( into radio ) this be U.S. aerospace Command vessel Lewis and Clark , hail event Horizon , event Horizon , do you read ...? this be the Lewis and Clark , hail ... ( she continue b.g . ) smith ( over starck ) match speed ... now . Range to target ten thousand meter and close ... skipper , I get a bad feel about this ... miller we be all on edge , Smith . we be a long way out ... smith that 's not it . that ship be build to go faster than light ... that 's just wrong , it go against everything we know ... miller what be you try to say ? " if God have intend man to fly , he would have give we wing ? " smith something like that , yeah . Miller grin grimly . miller I guess we be about to find out . keep we slow and steady . smith yes , sir . miller Dr. weir ...! weir stick he head into the bridge . miller I think you want to see this . weir climb up the ladder to the flight deck . weir where be she ? smith Dead ahead , 5000 meter . suddenly , the ship shudder violently . weir brace himself in the doorway , stare out the forward window into the roiling azure cloud . Smith grimace , he knuckle white at the control . smith we have get some weather . miller I notice . starck , anybody home ? starck if they be , they be screen they call . smith Range 3000 meter and close . weir I can not see anything ... only turbid cloud of methane ice whirl past the Lewis and Clark 's window . smith 1500 meter . we be get too close ... miller where be it ? starck ( check she console ) the scope be light , it 's right in front of we ... smith 1000 meter ... a red warning light begin to flash in time with a shrill beep . smith proximity warning ! 900 , 800 meter , 700 ... we be right on top of it , we be gonna hit ! miller starck ... starck it should be right there ... she look up , trail off ... starck my God . ext . event horizon - against neptune - model starck Pov ... the cloud break , revealing ... the event horizon , right in front of they . a black labyrinthine blasphemy against Neptune 's arctic blue . cloud bank encircle the ship as if it be the eye of a hurricane . int . lewis and clarke - bridge miller reverse thruster full ! ext . lewis and clark - dwarfed by event horizon - model the event Horizon loom enormous as the Lewis and Clark hang off the port stern , dwarf by the giant ship . int . lewis and clark - bridge the turbulence subside . the bridge crew stare at the massive craft . the only sound , the proximity warning . finally : smith Jesus , that be one big ugly fat fucker ... weir she 's not ugly . Miller reach over Smith 's shoulder , turn off the proximity warning . Smith snap back to business . smith Range 500 meter and hold . turbulence be drop off ... starck pick up magnetic interference . miller put it through tac . Smith , you up for a flyby ? smith ( he be not ) Love to . ext . neptune - lewis and clark - event horizon - model the Lewis and Clark maneuver in close to the event Horizon , dwarf by the dark ship . int . lewis and clark - bridge Smith keep a tight hand on the control . the crew stare out the viewport at the abandon craft . starck look at the size of that thing . weir explain the view out the cockpit window . weir foredeck . Crew quarter , bridge , medical and science lab , hydroponics , what have you . that central section connect the forward deck to the Engineering containment area . can we move in closer ? smith shit , Doc , any closer and we be gonna need a rubber ... miller do it . Smith grimace . his hand move carefully over the control . ext . neptune - lewis and clark - event horizon - model the Lewis and Clark move even closer . vanish into the shadow of the event Horizon . int . lewis and clark - bridge the crew stare at the ship rush past the viewport . a huge spherical structure loom eerily ahead . weir that 's the engineering containment . and there 's the main airlock . we can dock there . miller Smith , use the arm and lock we onto that antennae cluster . weir be careful . it 's not a load bear structure ... ext . event horizon - lewis and clark - model the Lewis and Clark carefully maneuver in close to the event Horizon 's airlock . a mechanical boom - arm extend from the smaller ship to latch onto the event Horizon . its claw hand grab the antennae cluster . the cluster buckle under the stress . int . lewis and clark - bridge smith ( to weir ) it be now . ( to Miller ) we be lock in . miller starck , give I a read . a scan of the event Horizon appear across starck 's screen . starck the reactor 's still hot . we have get several small radiation source , leak probably . nothing serious . weir do they have pressure ? starck affirmative . the hull 's intact ... but there 's no gravity and the thermal unit be off line . I be show deep cold . the crew could not survive unless they be in stasis . miller find them , starck . starck frown at she display . starck something 's wrong with the bio-scan . miller Radiation interference ? starck there 's not enough radiation to throw off the scan . I be pick up trace life form , but I can not get a lock on the location . weir could it be the crew ? if they be in suspend animation , would not that effect the scan ? starck if they be in stasis , I would get a location , but this reading , they be all over the ship . it do not make any sense . miller okay . we do it the hard way . deck by deck , room by room . starck , deploy the umbilicus . I believe you be up for a walk , Mr. Justin . go get you bonnet on . justin yes , sir ! weir start to follow Justin from the bridge . miller Dr. weir , I need you on the bridge . weir Captain , I do not come out here to sit on you bridge , I need to be on that ship ... miller once the ship be secure , we will bring you on board -- weir ( interrupt ) that be not acceptable -- miller ( overlap ) -- once we have secure the ship , that 's the way it be ! ( beat ) I need you to guide we from the comm station . this be where I need you . help we to do we job . weir exhales . weir very well . CUT to : ext . lewis and clark - event horizon - model the docking collar umbilicus extend to the event Horizon 's airlock . int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY Miller , Peters , Justin and Cooper in eva ; Cooper and Justin , without headgear . cooper ... come on , skipper , I already put my shoe on ... miller ( muffle ) you have have plenty eva , coop , it 's Justin 's turn . stay on station . if anything happen ... cooper I will be all over it . Miller nod to Peters . peter ( muffle ) open inner airlock door . the inner airlock door open : ch-thunk . Miller , Peters and Justin enter the airlock . Justin attaches he safety line . Miller and Peters do not . cooper you still need the rope ? I think you be one a that spacemen with ice in ya vein . justin I would rather be on the rope and not need it than need it and not have it . now step aside , old man . Cooper put Justin 's helmet on . it seal tight . cooper ( serious now ) you just keep you nose clean , baby bear . clear the door . Cooper back out , allow the inner airlock door to shut , echoing through the ship . int . lewis and clark - umbilicus Miller , Peters and Justin float down the brightly light umbilicus into the event Horizon , all in eva suit . Justin 's safety line trail out behind he . the outer airlock door of the event Horizon wait for they . int . lewis and clark - bridge weir have take over Justin 's station . he watch the Pov monitor like a kid watch Christmas . Smith and starck keep tabs over he shoulder . weir you have reach the outer airlock door . int . lewis and clark - umbilicus Peters attaches a thumper -- a device use sound wave to measure pressure -- to the inner airlock door . peter we have get pressure . miller clear and open on my mark . Three ... two ... one ... mark . Peters insert a zero - G drill into the panel beside the door . the door slowly open ... CUT to : int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks the immense corridor stretch away into darkness in both direction . distantly space window manifest as remote pool of blue light amidst endless black , add to the vast sense of scale . the light from they dual spotlight on the team 's helmet reflect off tiny ice crystal of freeze atmosphere . they be ant in a tomb build for giant . peter Jesus its huge . miller Ice crystal everywhere . this place be a deep freeze . weir ( o.s. ) ( radio ) you be in the central corridor . it connect the personnel area to Engineering . miller Peters and I will search the forward deck . Justin , take Engineering . no hot-dogge , not on this one , alright ? justin not a chance , sir . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks the group separate . Justin kick off from the wall , shoot down the corridor at immense speed . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks Miller and Peters move in the opposite direction . they use magnetic plate on they boot and glove to cling to the wall as they slowly make they way down the dark shaft . they journey seem endless . the darkness almost seem a live thing as it surround they . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks Miller spot something at a coupling , where two section of the corridor join ... miller Dr. weir , what 's this ? Miller indicate a box nestle against the coupling . the universal symbol for explosive be on the cover . peter ( ahead at the next coupling ) here 's another one . they be all over the place . weir ( o.s. ) ( radio ) they be explosive charge . miller I can see that , what be they for ? int . lewis and clark - bridge weir in a emergency , the charge detonate in series , destroy the central section and separate the personnel area from the rest of the ship . that way , if the gravity drive malfunction , the crew could use the foredeck as a lifeboat . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks Peters and Miller keep move . peter that mean they do not abandon ship . miller so where be they ? starck , any luck with the bio-scan ? int . lewis and clark - bridge starck I be run diagnostics now , skipper ... nothing 's wrong with the sensor pack , I be still get trace life reading , all over the ship . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks Miller and Peters unconsciously look around . sweat bead they face . peter there 's no one in the corridor but we . starck ( o.s. ) ( radio ) not accord to the computer . miller Peters be right , no one 's here . peter I do not know , this place be really dark , I can not see a thing ... she start to wave she searchlight around wildly . miller ( calming she down ) easy , Peters , we be okay , we be okay . let 's finish the sweep . weir ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Captain Miller , the foredeck be just ahead . peter I can see the hatch . miller starck , you still show that reading ? starck ( o.s. ) ( radio ) that 's a affirmative . miller ( to Peters ) keep you eye open . she nod as he reach for the hatch ... int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY the hatch open , allow Peters and Miller entrance into the forward deck . this area be intend for human habitation , and seem similar in design to the Lewis and Clark , only larger . gravity couch line both wall , eighteen in all . empty . peter we find the gravity couch . int . lewis and clark - bridge weir peer eagerly at the monitor . weir any survivor ? miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) negative . hope drain from weir 's face . weir no one ? int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY miller they be empty , Dr. weir . move forward . Miller and Peters split up , each take a separate exit from the chamber . int . lewis and clark - bridge weir look at Justin 's Pov screen : a grainy image of the first containment seal . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor ( by first seal ) Justin stand before a thick pressure door . Justin check the door with he thumper , he boot be now on . weir ( o.s. ) ( radio ) you have reach the first containment seal . the engineering deck be on the other side . justin we still have pressure . the radiation count 's steady at 7 millirad a hour . weir ( o.s. ) ( radio ) background radiation . perfectly safe . Justin touch a panel beside the door . it open . he enter ... int . event horizon - first containment ...a long corridor shape like a tube . it rotate like a turbine , cause vertigo . Justin 's breath echoe in he helmet as he move forward ... int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY Cooper stare at Justin 's safety line in the airlock . the safety line count off silently , pass 150 meter ... int . event horizon - corridor to bridge the corridor end at a pressure door . peter Dr. weir , what 's this the door to ? weir ( o.s. ) ( radio ) you be at the Bridge , Ms. Peters . you still have not see any crew ? int . event horizon - medical / science Miller , move through a desert lab . empty operate table . Stainless steel surgical instrument float in zero - G . a glove float up behind he , brushes he shoulder . he wheel ... the glove be empty . it spin away . miller if we see any crew , Doctor , you would know about it . ( look around ) I be in Medical . no casualty , it look like this place have never be use . he find a computer console . int . event horizon - corridor to bridge Peters open the door . int . event horizon - bridge antechamber Peters enter . look around : a small antechamber for crew briefing , with chair and a display table . Red crystal float in a crimson mist around she . peter I find something . int . lewis and clark - bridge weir peer at the monitor , try to make out the red haze . weir yes , we can see some kind of mist . what be that ? peter ( o.s. ) ( radio ) blood . look like arterial spray . weir ( nervous ) can you see a body ? int . event horizon - bridge antechamber peter ( confuse ) there 's no one here . miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) the blood come from somewhere , Peters ... peter there 's no one here , skipper . Peters take a sample container from she belt . carefully try to capture a suspend crystal ... peter come on ... close up of the blood crystal and the container ; Peters ' brow furrow with concentration . wider as a flash of blue lightning illuminate the room , revealing ... ... the wall behind peter , case in a frozen explosion of blood and tissue . someone die here in a violent and terrible way . Peters start to look up but the flash die away . she never see the horror behind she . Peters turn she attention back to she tiny crystal . she trap the it , return the container to she belt . she move from the antechamber into ... int . event horizon - bridge her helmet light sweep the room . every surface a control panel . peter okay . I be on the bridge . miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) what you get , Peters ? Peters examine the other console -- most be dark but for a few dim light . peter everything 's be shut down . conserve power , I guess . Green light on the hull , it 's intact . int . event horizon - medical / science miller the science workstation have power , I will see if I can find the crew from here . int . lewis and clark - bridge weir stare at Peters ' monitor . weir Ms. Peters , turn back and to you leave , please . on she monitor , Peters ' Pov shift as she comply . starck what be it ? weir ship 's log . peter ( o.s. ) ( radio ) I see it . int . event horizon - bridge Peters reach towards a small video deck . touches the eject button . nothing happen . peter it 's stick . int . event horizon - first containment Justin 's light bounce off a even larger pressure door , build like a bank vault . the second seal . justin I have reach another containment door . this thing 's huge ... weir ( o.s. ) ( radio ) that 's the second containment seal . Beyond that , engineering . justin I be go in . Justin open the seal . it release slowly , inching open . Justin squeeze through . int . event horizon - bridge Peters take a small probe from she belt , insert it into the video deck . a small laser disc emerge partway from the deck . Peters pull on it . it do not move . peter it 's really jamme in there . a shadow cross the window behind she . someone -- something -- be in there with she ... Peters pull harder . nothing . another effort . the disc pull free . Peters spin in the zero-gravity , spin into ... ... a body float at the helm , the face illuminate by Peters ' helmet light . his swollen tongue clog he gape , scream mouth . his crack and crystallize skin be cross by a network of bloat vein . he have no eye . just like weir 's dream . int . lewis and clark - bridge Peters ' monitor show the corpse be face , its mouth open in mute agony . weir gasp . int . event horizon - bridge Peters push free of the body . peter ( professional ) I find one . miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) alive ? peter frozen . int . lewis and clark - bridge the dead man 's face leer from Peters ' monitor . starck what happen to he eye ? smith explosive decompression . starck decompression would not do that . weir just stare at the ruin face , rapt . starck notice . starck you okay ? weir nod , not take he eye from the screen . int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY Cooper , on station . he key he radio . cooper hey , baby bear , mama bear get a corpsicle for ya ... no reply . int . event horizon - medical / science Miller look up from the workstation , concerned . cooper ( o.s. ) ( radio ) baby bear , you copy ? int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY Cooper stare out at Justin 's safety line slowly count off past 175 meter . cooper Justin , do you copy ? int . event horizon - first containment the second seal be open . Justin 's safety line snake into darkness . follow the safety line into the dark ... int . event horizon - second containment a alcove , open into a vast chamber . once pristine , all the surface have be coat in a dark gray slick . globule of fluid hang motionless , stick to Justin 's suit , leeching away he light and swallow he in darkness . cooper ( o.s. ) ( radio ) ... do you copy ? justin ( quiet ) uh , yeah coop , I be still here . cooper ( o.s. ) ( radio ) shit ! do not do that ! where the fuck be you ? justin I be in the second containment area . it 's pitch black in here . there must have be a coolant leak . man , this shit be everywhere . I can not see a damn thing . a light console block Justin 's view of the chamber beyond . he drift over to it , wipe the console clear of coolant , revealing dim light : the station have power . justin the reactor 's still hot . coolant level be on reserve , but still in the green . tight on justin be face as the light come on justin ( triumph ) I get it ... his expression change as he look past the console and see ... something . justin ( trail off in awe ) Holy shit ... cooper Justin ? justin I think I find something ... justin be Pov - the core a massive sphere , 10 meter in diameter , dominate the center of the second containment . intricate machinery surround the sphere but the globe itself be featureless , smooth ; a enigmatic monolith . Black ice encrust it , give it the seem of a live thing . int . lewis and clark - bridge they stare at Justin 's monitor . smith what the hell be that ? weir that 's the core : the gravity drive . the heart of the ship . int . event horizon - second containment miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Justin , check the containment for radiation leak . Peters ... int . event horizon - bridge miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) ...how 's the client ? peter crystallize . int . event horizon - second containment Justin examine the outer wall of the core , look for any crack or rupture seam . miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Justin , finish you sweep . justin almost do , I just gotta check one thing ... Justin turn to the core ... int . lewis and clark - bridge Justin 's monitor fill with static . starck Justin , hold on a sec , you be break up ... int . event horizon - second containment starck ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Justin ...? ( static obscure she voice ) Justin reach towards the core with he pressure sensor . his helmet light flicker . he hesitates ... int . event horizon - medical / science Miller 's helmet light flicker ... int . event horizon - bridge Peter 's helmet light wink out ... int . lewis and clark - bridge starck Justin , come in ... suddenly , the bio-scan light up , from green to red as signal race across the display . weir what be it ? starck I do not know . the life reading just go off the scale . smith something 's wrong ... int . event horizon - second containment Justin place the pressure sensor against the core. touch it . the core turn deep black . a darkness that light can not penetrate . for a second , Justin 's white suit be capture against the hungry void ... int . event horizon - second containment ( tank ) then the void suck he in and justin be gone ... int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY Cooper stare in shock as Justin 's safety line as it reel out at a incredible rate -- 250 meter , 300 meter ... int . event horizon - second containment a wave surge out of the core , bend light like a ripple on a pond , push coolant and debris before it ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks the gravity wave surge forward , blow out emergency light as it come , flotsam and jetsam swirl in its wake ... int . event horizon - medical / science data flood Miller 's workstation , flash across the screen too fast for comprehension ... int . blackness of core followed by a face -- justin ... int . event horizon - medical / science miller what the hell ... a deep roar fill the ship . Miller rise to investigate ... the door blows apart as the wave hit , ripple through the Medical Bay towards Miller ... miller oh shit ...! debris swirl around he ... the wave sweep he up ... slam he into a bulkhead ... int . lewis and clark - bridge justin' Pov screen the briefest suggestion of a scream face , obscure by static and roll before the screen cut to static entirely . the rest of the crew 's Pov screen go dead as ... ... the wave hit they , threaten to tear the Lewis and Clark apart . the ship shudder violently . console explode with spark . weir and the other hold on for dear life . starck Miller , do you read I , Peters -- smith get they back -- starck I be try , goddammit -- a equipment rack ignite . Smith grab a extinguisher , fight the blaze ... int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY Cooper and dj , brace against the bulkhead . Cooper hit the intercom . cooper what 's happen ? starck ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) I do not know , the screen be dead ...! Cooper peer out the airlock window . justin' safety line pass 350 meter and accelerate ... cooper 350 meter ... 400 meter ... dj he 's in trouble . go ! cooper I be go ! Cooper grab he helmet . dj help he lock the helmet into place with a hiss . the inner airlock door open . as Cooper enter the airlock , Justin 's safety reel stop , the line jerk taut at 500 meter . int . event horizon - medical / science Miller try to get he bearing in the dark . miller board party , sound off ... Peters , do you read I ... . Peters ... int . event horizon - bridge Peters ' light , too , remain dark , but Neptune 's blue light fill the Bridge . the freeze corpse float before she . no longer a man . a young boy , maybe five year old . his leg be withere , useless thing . the skin remain a crystallize surface , but the eye look straight at she , alive . peter denny ... Peters reach out to touch the body . it fall away from she . no longer she son , but the body of the astronaut . it hit the door and shatter . int . event horizon - medical / science miller ( grow desperation ) ... Peters , do you read I ... a man' voice , in agony , crackle over Miller 's radio : voice ( radio ) do not leave I ... miller Justin ? Justin , sound off ... Justin ...! Miller trail off as red light flicker across he visor . he turn ... int . event horizon - medical / science ( burning man ) Pov miller a burning man stand in Medical / Science , a human body wreathe in flame . the eye be like sunspot . as the Burning man move , bone and black flesh poke through the fire . he raise one hand to point at Miller in accusation ... int . event horizon - medical / science Miller 's breath stop in he throat . his mouth work but nothing come out . he blink ... ... and the vision be go . Miller be alone , breathing hard . int . event horizon - first containment Cooper enter at full speed , shoot through in a control fall ... cooper hold on , baby bear ... int . event horizon - second containment ... into the second containment . he catch himself at the console . Cooper see Justin 's safety line , cut off abruptly by the darkness of the core . cooper oh my God ... the darkness of the core ripple ... Justin suddenly emerge from the darkness , a white figure riding a wave of impenetrable blackness . Cooper catch he , hold he tight as the wave carry they towards the wall . Cooper see a control rod -- a long metal spike -- come at they . he twist he body so that they miss -- barely -- before slamm into the wall . cooper Justin , do you read I ? Justin ... . Cooper pull Justin close . Justin 's head loll to one side . unconscious . cooper baby bear , do not do this . do not do this ... int . lewis and clark - bridge weir , starck and Smith continue to hold on tightly as the vibration build ... and build ... starck here come another one ! hold on ! the second wave hit . spark fly as console explode . deep in the ship metal scream , follow by the shriek of escape atmosphere . a emergency klaxon ring out : pressure warning . starck check Justin 's station : starck we lose the starboard baffle ! the hull 's be breach ! the Bridge pressure door begin to close ... and then stop . smith the safety circuit 's fail ! weir we be lose atmosphere ... starck there be pressure suit in the airlock . go ! starck push weir ahead of she , Smith follow hard as they run the length of the ship for the airlock bay . int . event horizon - medical / science the vibration subside . miller can anybody hear I ... peter ( o.s. ) ( radio ) skipper ... miller Peters ... int . event horizon - bridge miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) ... you okay ? peter yeah . I be -- I be okay . her voice crack as she say it . she look anything but . int . event horizon - medical / science the report come , one on the other ... cooper ( o.s. ) ( radio ) we have a man down ... miller coop , where be you ... cooper ( o.s. ) ( radio ) the containment , second containment ... miller hold on , coop ... smith ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Captain Miller ... miller Smith , where the hell have you be ?! smith we have a situation here ... int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY starck and Smith already in suit . dj assist weir . Smith have already lock he helmet into place . smith ( continue ) we lose the starboard baffle and the hull crack . we safety seal do not close , the circuit 's fry -- int . event horizon - medical / science Miller move down the central corridor towards he wounded ship . miller do we have enough time for a weld ? smith ( o.s. ) ( radio ) we do not have time to fart . int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY smith we be lose pressure at 280 liter a second and we oxygen tank be crack . in three minute , we atmosphere will be go . we be fuck dead . int . event horizon - medical / science miller no one 's die on my watch , Smith ! what about the reserve tank ? smith ( o.s. ) ( radio ) they be go . beat . Miller close he eye , desperately try to think of a solution . int . lewis and clark - airlock BAY pan across the face of the astronaut . no hope . except for weir : weir the event Horizon . the other turn to stare at weir . smith what ? weir it still have air and reserve power , we can activate gravity and life support . starck what if the air have go bad ? we can not wear this suit forever . smith I do not think this be a good idea , we do not even know what happen on that ship ... weir it beat die , mister Smith . int . event horizon - medical / science miller Dr. weir 's right . get on board the event Horizon . I will meet you at the airlock . smith ( o.s. ) ( radio ) but ... miller you hear I , Smith . Peters , be you with I ? int . event horizon - bridge Peters at the life support console . peter I be ahead of you . bring the thermal unit on line ... Peters flip a series of circuit-breaker . reaches for the final switch . peter hold tight and prep for gee . everything float in the bridge crash to the floor . int . event horizon - second containment Justin and Cooper collapse to the deck , coolant splash down all around they ... CUT to : int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks Miller meet the crew as they evacuate the Lewis and Clark . weir lead the way , eager ; Smith hang back . miller everybody okay ? starck we be all here . miller okay . let 's find out how much time we just buy . Miller reach for the catch on he own helmet . dj we have not test the air yet . it could be contaminate ... miller no time . we need whatever 's leave in we suit to repair the Clark . like it or not , this be the only oxygen for three billion kilometer . Miller pull he helmet off with a hiss . he breathes deep . starck do the same , cough . starck it taste bad . miller but you can breathe it . CUT to : ext . neptune orbit - lewis and clark - event horizon the Lewis and Clark and the event Horizon , lock together in Neptune orbit . light shine from the Horizon as power be restore . no longer cloak in darkness , it be reveal in all its hideous glory , a nightmare etched in steel . int . event horizon - bridge weir move from station to station , restore power to each . starck sit at the communication workstation . Miller watch over she shoulder . starck the antennae array 's completely fry , we have get no radio , no laser , no highgain ... no one 's go to be come to help we . miller how much oh- two do we have ? starck oxygen be not the problem . miller carbon dioxide ? starck ( nod ) it 's building up with every breath we take . and the co2 filter on the event Horizon be shot . miller we can take the filter from the Clark ... starck I think of that , with the filter from the Clark , we have get enough breathable air for twenty hour . after that , we would better be on we way home . miller what about the life reading you pick up ? starck the event Horizon sensor show the same thing : " bio-readings of indeterminate origin . " right before that wave hit the Clark , there be some kind of surge , right off the scale , but now it 's back to its previous level . miller what 's cause the reading ? starck I do not know , but whatever it be , it 's not the crew . miller so where be the rest of the crew ? we have be over every inch of this ship and all we have find be blood . Dr. weir ? any suggestion ? weir just stare at the bloodstain wall . miller what happen here ? Miller follow weir 's gaze to the wall : a Rorschach test in blood ... CUT to : ext . event horizon - bridge window pull back from the bridge window to reveal ... ext . event horizon - lewis and clark - model ... the event Horizon in all its horrific glory , hang skew in the center of the hurricane like a mote in God 's eye . the Lewis and Clark cling to the giant craft , as insignificant as a tick . a even smaller figure cling to the hull of the Lewis and Clark ... ext . lewis and clark - hull section it 's Smith , eva in full protective gear . his magnetic boot hold he to the Lewis and Clark 's hull . he kneel over a hole in the hull , where the metal have buckle and tear . vapor still leak from the hole into space . smith Captain Miller , you copy ? miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) I be here , Smith , how 's the Clark ? smith I have find a six inch fracture in the outer hull . we should be able to repair it and re-pressurize , it 's gonna take some time . miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) we do not have time , Smith . in twenty hour we run out of air . smith understood . Smith use a foam applicator to fill the hole . the gel freeze in place . Smith reach to he belt , pull out a zero-g nailgun . press it to the patch and begin to rivet it into place . CUT to : int . event horizon - medical / science Justin lie unmove on a table . his eye be open , stare at a smear of blood on the ceiling . a needle slide into the skin below he eye . he do not respond . dj remove the needle . it glisten with blood . he look up at Miller and Peters . miller how be he ? dj his vital be stable , but he 's unresponsive to stimulus . he might wake up in fifteen minute . he might not wake up at all . peter what happen to he ? dj shake he head . Miller eye the bloodstain above they . miller dj , take sample from this stain , compare they to medical record , I want to know whose blood this be . CUT to : int . event horizon - bridge gravity have scattered debris and freeze-dry blood about the room . the crew ( Justin and Smith except ) try to relax on the chair of dead man . they face be want and haggard . weir relax at the table . unlike the other , he seem almost at ease . dj remain forever stoic ; starck , animated and nervous . Cooper bounce the handball on the floor , a reflex action . Miller stare at a video monitor , watch Smith repair the Lewis and Clark . he turn from the window . miller okay , people , there 's be a change in the mission . in less than eighteen hour , we will run out of breathable air . we primary objective be now survival . that mean we focus on repair the Lewis and Clark and salvage whatever will buy we more time . ( pause ) we secondary objective be find out what happen to this ship and its crew . two month from now , I fully intend to be stand in front of the good Admiral give my report , and I would like to have more than my dick in my hand . grim smile all around . miller Peters , I want you to go through the ship 's log , see if we can not find some answer . peter I can use the station in Medical , keep a eye on Justin ... miller Fine . starck , I want you to repeat the bio-scan ... starck what 's the point ? I will just get the same thing ... miller not acceptable . I want to know what 's cause that reading . if the crew be dead , I want the body , I want the crew find . starck I can reconfigure the scan for C - 12 , amylase protein . miller do it . Dr. weir ... weir yes . miller one of my man be down . I want to know what happen to he . cooper I tell you . he be inside the core ... weir start shaking he head . cooper it be like ... nothing be there ... and then Justin appear and the core ... become metal ... weir ( cut he off ) no , he do not . cooper you be not there . I see it . weir saw what , Mr. Cooper ? what do you really see , because what you be describe be not physically possible ... Cooper throw the ball at he , hard . weir duck . it bounce wildly around the room . Miller catch it . miller Cooper ! enough ! Cooper sit down . miller ( turn on weir ) Dr. weir , Justin may die . whatever happen to he could happen to all of we . beat . weir I do not know what happen to Justin . cooper I be tell you , I see it ... weir what you see could have be a optical effect cause by gravitational distortion . cooper ( turn on weir ) I know what I see and it be not a fuck " optical effect ! " miller hold on , what 's this " gravitational distortion ? " weir it 's possible that a burst of gravity wave escape from the core , distorting space- time . they could be what hit the Lewis and Clark . miller what could cause they ? ( weir do not answer ) what 's in the core ? weir it 's complicated ... miller how much time do you need ? we have seventeen hour and forty - two minute . now : what be in the core ? beat . here come another bomb ... weir a black hole . the crew stare at he , stunne . CUT to : int . event horizon - second containment Miller , starck and weir stand before the core . Dark ominous structure loom around they , glisten with coolant . the pulse of the ship be loud here , a deep thrum that steal they breath . weir 's voice be a reverent whisper : weir that 's how the gravity drive work , you see : it focus the black hole 's immense gravitational power to create the gateway . that 's how the event Horizon travel faster than light . starck I can not believe we build this . miller it 's insane . weir " insane ? " the finest astronaut fight to be post to this ship . it would take the Lewis and Clark a thousand year to reach we close star . the event Horizon could be there in a day ... miller if it work . weir if it work , yes . int . event horizon - second containment - 3rd seal they stare at the core , the surround machinery move in a slow giant 's dance . a trick of the eye , or do the core stare back at they ? int . event horizon - second containment miller I want this room seal . the second containment be off limit . weir there 's no danger . the black hole be contain behind three magnetic field , it 's under control . miller you black hole damn near rip my ship apart . it may have kill one of my man . ( beat ) no one go near that thing . move in on the core until its darkness fill the screen ... CUT to : int . event horizon - medical / science Peters sit before the computer workstation , run the ship 's log , forward through hour of boring footage . rub she eye . the light flicker . Peters hear something rustling behind she . she turn ... peter Justin ...? Justin lie unmove on the nearest examination table . comatose . Peters reach out and pick up a scalpel . Peters hear the sound again , fingernails on plastic . she move past Justin ... ... past several empty table , cover with clear plastic ... ...to the last table . she stare in shock . there's something underneath the plastic cover she slowly reach out . lift the cover . her son denny look at she and giggle . she gasp . the scalpel drop to the floor at she foot . denny reach up to she , to be pick up ... denny mommy ... ... but the plastic that still cover he withere leg squirm like a bag full of snake ... Peters drop the plastic and back away . dj ( o.s. ) Peters ? she turn . dj stand in the doorway , hold blood sample . Peters turn back , but she son be go . dj read she expression . dj what 's wrong ? peter nothing . it 's nothing . CUT to : int . event horizon - airlock no . 2 the airlock light turn red -- a warning . the Inner airlock door control flash : " locked . " the Outer airlock door open . Smith enter . he close the Outer airlock door . atmosphere hiss into the chamber . the Inner airlock door flash : " pressurized . " int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 2 Cooper in eva , get ready to go outside . the Inner airlock door open . Smith enter . take off he helmet . cooper you be out there a long time . try to break my record ? smith I would rather spend the next twelve hour outside than another five minute in this can . this ship be bad . it watch you . cooper what ? smith you hear I . this ship , it 's crazy : try to go faster and light , that 's like the Tower of babel . cooper shit , Smith , you be go biblical on I . smith you know what happen to the Tower of babel , do not you ? it fall down . cooper you be suck too much nitrogen in you mix . CUT to : int . event horizon - bridge starck program the sensor workstation . she glance over at weir : sit at a computer terminal , he face rapt as data flash by . his lip move , mutter to himself . starck why Dr. weir , I think you be in love . weir hmmm . Claire use to tell I I love the event Horizon more than I love she . I tell she that be not true , I just know the event Horizon better , that 's all . starck Claire be you wife ? weir yes . starck it must be hard , be so far away from she . weir yes . I miss she . she die . two year now . starck I be sorry . weir keep he attention focus on the screen . weir this thing happen . ( reacting to something on the screen ) wait a minute , that 's not right ... he finger fly across the keyboard , double - check the data . Miller lean over weir 's shoulder . miller you have something , Dr. weir ? weir the date . miller what about it ? weir the event Horizon 's computer think 's it 's 2034 . miller it 's 2041 ... weir exactly . the ship 's internal clock be off by seven year . starck maybe a power interruption crash the system ... weir no , there 's no evidence of a surge or spike of any kind . it 's as if time just ... stop for seven year . miller explanation ? weir intense gravitational field effect the passage of time , it 's possible ... ( beat ) Black hole make sense on paper , it 's all math , you see , but as to what really happen ... ( he shake he head ) the event Horizon have pass beyond we plane of reality , and like lazarus , return from the dead . the intercom interrupt they : peter ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) Captain Miller , Dr. weir ? I find the final log entry . CUT to : int . event horizon - medical / science Peters sit at the workstation . Miller , dj and weir stand behind she , watch . a video screen int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY ( for video ) a jumpy , handheld camera view of : gravity couch bay . two crewmen check electronics module . the ship be well - light , clean , no sign of debris . the narrator 's voice be excited and nervous . kilpack ( o.s. ) we have reach safe distance and be prepare to engage the gravity drive and open the gateway ... int . event horizon - medical / science peter the speaker be the mission commander ... weir ( quiet ) John kilpack . int . event horizon - second containment ( for video ) second containment . a lone engineer finish he check of the core . he turn to the camera and give a self - conscious " thumb -up . " kilpack ( o.s. ) when you get this message , God willing , we will reach the solar system of proxima centauri ... int . event horizon - medical / science miller I wonder if they ever make it . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor ( for video ) corridor . the entire original crew assemble , play catch with the stuff dog kilpack I just want to say how proud I be of my crew . I would like to name my station head Chris Chambers , Janice rubin , Dick Smith , Tom fender and stacie Collins . and to Bill weir and all the scientist that get we here . int . event horizon - bridge ( for video ) Bridge . kilpack address the camera . his face be flushed with excitement . kilpack I ... uh , I have something historic to say , and I write it down but I ... I can not find it . Ave , atque , vale . hail and farewell . int . event horizon - medical / science a burst of static ... ... follow by a inhuman howl of feedback , like scream hyaenas , almost alive . through the swirl of static , the suggestion of movement . Miller freeze the frame . he squint at the screen ... Pov miller obscure by static , the image be blurred beyond comprehension . miller what the hell be that ? Dr. weir ? weir I do not know . peter I can run the image through a series of filter , try to clean it up . miller do it . suddenly , the light fade out . dim emergency lighting snap on ... peter what 's happen ...? dj a power drain -- miller we barely have enough power for life support as it be , if we can not stop the drain , we be not gonna make it . weir the core ...! weir head for the door . miller wait ! but weir have vanish into the corridor . miller the rest of you , stay here , I do not want anyone else go near that thing . Miller follow after weir . CUT to : int . event horizon - second containment the second containment seal open . weir be about to enter when Miller stop he . he check a geiger counter . it be silent . miller no radiation . what 's cause the drain ? weir cross to a console . frown . weir ( shake he head ) the magnetic field be hold . maybe a short in the fail - safe circuit . I will check it out . Miller assist weir in remove bolt from a access panel . the panel fall away , revealing a cramped duct lead into the ship 's circuitry . weir climb into the duct . Miller hand he a flashlight and a toolkit . miller we do not get the power back , we air 's gonna go bad . weir check the core for radiation . carbon dioxide may be the least of we worry . weir begin to crawl into the depth of the ship . int . event horizon - weir' duct weir 's breath echoes in the cramped shaft . he count off circuit panel as he go : weir e-three ... e-five ... e-seven ... where be you ... int . event horizon - second containment Miller slog through the coolant to the core . stare at it . it remain metallic , mundane . he pull out a geiger counter and cross to the reactor shell . examine a gleam weld . the geiger counter click slowly : no leak . int . event horizon - bridge a yellow light start flash on the engineering board . starck 's eye widen : the engineering section flash yellow ... and green ... starck what the hell ... starck Pov as the bio-scan go wild . starck ( into intercom ) skipper , the bio-scan just go off the scale ... int . event horizon - medical / science Justin shake on the bed in a epileptic fit . dj rush to he . dj Justin ! can you hear I ? Justin ! Justin 's eye remain unfocus , unsee as he try to speak . dj lean in close , try to hear he speak ... Justin arch in agony and the word come in a strangle , torture voice : justin the dark be coming ... int . event horizon - weir' duct weir stop before module E - 12 . hear a faint hissing and popping . weir there you be . he use a screwdriver to open up the module . reveal a series of circuit board . one SPARKS . weir pluck the damage chip and start run a by-pass . his flashlight flicker . he bang it against the duct wall . it grow dimmer . go out . weir um. Captain Miller ? I , uh , I seem to have a problem with my light . a single drip of water in the darkness ... weir ( beat , hushed ) Captain Miller ? another drip , then a woman 's voice like a distant echo : voice billy . weir start at the sound . he recognize the voice . she speak again , no longer far away , but a close whisper in he ear : claire ( o.s. ) billy . help I . I be so cold . weir 's eye open wide in hope and fear . int . event horizon - second containment even the emergency light go out . total darkness . miller we just lose all power in here . Dr. weir ...? Miller 's voice trail off as he look towards the core . a red glow reflect across he eye . he take a few step away from the reactor . he stare ... ...at the burning man , stand before the core . the deep roar of its conflagration fill the containment . it slowly turn and raise its arm and point at Miller in accusation . burning man do not leave I ... Miller stare as the Burning man turn and vanish into a bulkhead , leave the wall blacken and burn with he pass . int . event horizon - weir' duct total darkness . weir 's breath echoes in the cramped metal space . weir ( a whisper ) Claire ...? weir bang he flashlight . again . again ... claire ( o.s. ) help I . I be so cold . the flashlight flicker ... Claire 's face be inch from weir 's . claire so cold . his flashlight flicker again , snap on ... she be go . weir let he head fall to the floor of the deck , breathe in rag sob . CUT to : int . event horizon - bridge antechamber the crew , except for Cooper . dj whet a scalpel against the leg of he jumpsuit , a unconscious gesture . flick . flick . flick . dj carbon dioxide poisoning produce hallucination , impair judgement ... miller goddammit , dj , it be not a hallucination ! I see a man , he be on fire . and then he disappear . starck maybe one of the original crew ? miller no . it be someone else . starck who ? miller ( ignore the question ) Dr. weir , you be right there , you must have hear something , see something ... weir no . I see nothing . peter I do . all head turn to she . peter about a hour ago . in medical . I see my son . he be lie on one of the examination table and he leg be ... ( she trail off ) weir be not it possible that you be traumatize by find the body on the bridge ? peter I have see body before . this be different . she fall silent , unwilling to say more . miller Peters be right . its like something reach into you mind . see you thought and make they real . Smith , do you or Cooper experience anything unusual ? Smith , lean against the doorway : smith I do not see anything and I do not have to see anything . this ship be fuck . weir thank you for that scientific analysis , mister Smith . smith ( explode ) hey ! you do not need to be a scientist figure it out ... miller Smith ... weir 's face be stone . smith ... you break all the law of physics , you think there will not be a price ? you already kill the first crew ... miller that 's enough ! dj lay one hand on Smith 's shoulder to calm he ... Smith react violently , turn on dj , shove he back . dj use Smith 's momentum to spin the pilot into the wall . he press he scalpel just below Smith 's ear ... miller dj !! dj freeze . the scalpel fall from he hand . he release Smith . dj I be sorry , I ... I do not know why I do that . weir ( wry ) carbon dioxide . Smith go for weir . smith he 's fuck lie , you know something ...! Miller head he off , grab he . miller that 's it , that 's enough for one day , Smith ! I need you back on the Clark , I need you calm , I need you use you head , you make a mistake out there , none of be get home , you understand ? Smith calm . smith Sir . miller get outside , go back to work . I will join you shortly . Smith leave . miller we be a long way from home and we be in a bad place . let 's not make it worse . if anyone have any constructive suggestion , now be the time . weir I think I can stabilize the field around the singularity , that should prevent another power drain . miller do it . dj to conserve we oxygen , we should severely restrict we activity . anyone who can should get some sleep . miller I do not need sleep , dj . I need answer . Miller exit . starck follow . int . event horizon - generic corridor starck trail miller : starck Miller ... miller ( not slow ) what be it , starck ? starck ... I run the bio-scan with the DNA / rna filter . the result be bio-readings of indeterminate origin ... miller ( simultaneous ) " ... bio -reading of indeterminate origin , " do not you have anything useful to tell I ? starck I have get a theory . Miller stop . miller go ahead . starck there be a another surge in the bio - reading right before you ... you see what you see . we pick up a similar reading right before the Clarke be damage . what if there be a connection between the two ? the gravity wave , the hallucination , all part of a defensive reaction , like a immune system ... Miller start walk again . miller I do not need to hear this . she rush to follow . int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 2 Miller and starck enter the airlock Bay : starck you have get to listen ... miller to what ? what be you say ? this ship be alive ? starck I do not say that , I say the bio - reading correspond to what happen to you , the ship be reacting to we ... miller we be hang on by we fingernails and you be give I bullshit storey ... she grab he by the arm . starck it 's not bullshit , it 's the only conclusion the data support ... miller starck , do you know how crazy that sound ? it 's impossible . starck I know that . beat . Miller allow himself to relax . miller if you know it be impossible , then why would you waste my time ? starck I think you want a answer . and that 's the only one I have . Miller pull a eva suit from the wall , start put it on . miller what I want be to survive the next ten hour . starck ( check she watch ) nine hour and twenty - two minute . miller I be go outside to work on the Clark . and starck ... do not tell anyone what you just tell I . we have get enough to worry about . she nod . he lock he helmet into place . CUT to : ext . event horizon - model establish . int . event horizon - generic corridor the ship seem to breathe . the light flicker ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks another angle . the ship seem to breathe . the light flicker ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks another angle . the ship seem to breathe . the light flicker ... int . event horizon - medical / science Peters have fall asleep in she chair . on the threshold of hearing , a distant pounding . not a heartbeat . Metal on metal . something try to get out . something try to get in . Peters wake with a start . peter Justin ...? she turn . Justin lie on the floor in a heap , completely cover by he sheet . she cross to he . pull back the sheet ... revealing empty nitrogen tank . peter Justin ! she look up , eye widen , as ... the iv bottle fill with blood . blood fill the x-ray lightbox , it surge up from gutter in the floor ... and the pound grow louder ... louder ... almost to Medical ... the spell break and she run ... int . event horizon - generic corridor Peters sprint , the SOUND booming after she , almost on she heel ... int . event horizon - bridge antechamber Peters dart into the Bridge antechamber . she slam the pressure door shut behind she , cutting off the sound . she turn . weir , dj , starck look up from they work , stare at she . dj what 's wrong ? peter you do not hear it ? you must have hear it ! starck Heard what ? beat . Peters start to laugh , part hysteria , part relief . peter oh ... nothing ... dj cross to Peters , concerned . dj sit down ... as he reach out to touch she ... boom . boom . boom . pounding on the door itself Peters scream . dj clutches she to he , back away from the door . the pounding grow louder . louder . the door vibrate with each blow starck put she hand over she ear . Peters scream at the door . peter stop it ! stop it ! but the pounding intensify , metal groaning under incredible pressure . dj ( shouting to be hear ) what be it ? weir slowly walk to the door . starck what be you do ? weir it want I . I have to go . he reach for the door . starck no ...! starck grab he . he try to shake she off , but she trap he arm in a wrist -lock . he turn on she , he face furious ... ... and the pounding stop . they remain freeze for a moment . afraid to breathe . weir shake the trance . starck in we current environment , Dr. weir , self - control be a asset . weir I be alright . please . in the distance , the pounding begin again . move away from they . the ship system station beeps . a warning light flash on the console . starck what be it ? weir the forward airlock . starck ( into radio ) Miller , Smith , Cooper , any of you in the airlock ? miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) that 's a negative , starck . peter ( realization ) Justin . Peters , starck and dj rush from the Bridge , leave weir behind . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor no . 2 - with airlocks Peters lead starck and dj down the corridor towards the forward airlock bay . they round a corner in time to see a figure move in the airlock . int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 3 they race into the bay even as Justin step into the airlock . he be naked . peter Justin , no ! int . event horizon - airlock no . 3 Justin turn and stare through they with cold eye . he reach out to the airlock control . the pressure door shut with a hiss . CUT to : ext . lewis and clark - hull section Miller , Smith and Cooper cling to the Lewis and Clark 's hull . they carefully remove a access panel , revealing scorched wiring . cooper we will have to re-route through the port conduit to the apu . smith what about the accumulator ...? starck 's voice break in : starck ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Miller , come in ... miller what 's go on in there , starck ? starck ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Justin 's in the airlock . int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 3 starck at the intercom . the other huddle by the door . miller ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) what ? starck he 's awake , he 's in the airlock , he 's not wear a suit . ext . lewis and clark - hull section miller ( to Cooper ) stay here ! do not stop work ! cooper but Justin ... miller I will get he . Miller swing he body around , head across the umbilicus to the event Horizon . he move in great leap , use the magnetic plate in he glove and boot to keep from drift off into Neptune 's thin atmosphere . CUT to : int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 3 starck work the airlock control panel without success . starck he 's engage the override . peter can you shut it down ? she open the airlock access panel . starck I will try . dj , you better get you bag of trick . dj nod , run off . Peters bang on the airlock door . peter Justin ! open the door ! int . event horizon - airlock no . 3 Peters ' voice barely penetrate the pressure door : peter ( muffle ) open the door ! Justin turn off the artificial gravity . he begin to float gently . CUT to : ext . event horizon - ( miller' crossing ) Miller move like a frantic spider across the surface of the event Horizon . miller I be on my way , starck . starck ( o.s. ) ( radio ) you better hurry . he 's engage the override , we can not open the inner door . Miller curse under he breath , move even faster ... back to : int . event horizon - airlock no . 3 Peters , against the window : peter ( muffle ) the door , Justin ! open the door ! he fix he gaze upon the outer airlock door . and beyond it , space . he speak in a flat monotone : justin do you hear it ? int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 3 they be stunne to hear he voice . Peters answer : peter yes . yes , Justin , we hear it . starck keep he talk . peter do you know what it be ? justin ( muffle ) it get inside you . it show you thing ... horrible thing ... int . event horizon - airlock no . 3 justin ... can not describe it ... there be no word ... int . event horizon - bridge weir sit alone , listen to the voice on the intercom . peter ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) what , Justin , what show you ? justin ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) it will not stop , it go on and on and on ... peter ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) what do ? justin ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) the dark inside I . a low moan escape weir 's lip . he cradle he head in he hand . ext . event horizon - ( miller' crossing ) Miller race across the surface of the event Horizon , the only sound , he laboured breathing , and Justin 's torture voice , patch through on he radio : justin ( o.s. ) ( radio ) ... it 's inside and it eat and eat until there 's nothing leave . peter ( o.s. ) ( radio ) " the dark inside ... " ? I do not understand . justin ( o.s. ) ( radio ) from the other place ... back to : int . event horizon - airlock no . 3 justin the other crew , they be there , they be wait for I . they be wait for you . I will not go back there ... I will not ... int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 3 Peters press she face against the airlock window , try to calm he : peter Justin , look at I . look at I . open this door . dj run up with he medkit . starck I do not think she can talk he down . we need a sedative . dj if he open the outer door he will turn inside - out . starck 's hand fly as she re-wire the circuit . sweat bead she face . starck almost get it . int . event horizon - airlock no . 3 peter ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) come on , baby -bear , open this door ... Justin look at she with dead eye . he reach out to gently touch the glass between they . justin if you could see the thing I have see , you would not try to stop I . you would come with I . Justin 's hand move to the outer airlock door control . hesitates ... then float to the outer airlock control . Hit it . peter ( muffle ) nooo ! a yellow warning light flash . a warning klaxon whoops , deafen . Justin jerk he hand to he ear , close he eye ... computer stand - by for decompression . thirty second ... Justin open he eye as if waking from a dream ... justin hey , mama-bear ... what be do ...? and then he realize where he be ... and what be about to happen . justin oh my god oh my GOD ... int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 3 peter starck ! starck I can not ! the inner door can not open once the outer door have be trigger , it would decompress the entire ship ! justin ( muffle ) you gotta open , you gotta stop it , please ... peter we have to do something , oh God ... starck ( into radio ) skipper , Justin just activate the door . it 's on a thirty second delay ... ext . event horizon - ( miller' crossing ) Miller move through the event Horizon superstructure , recklessly leaping from one beam to another , try to build up speed . miller patch I through to he . int . event horizon - airlock no . 3 miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Justin . justin skipper , you gotta help I ... computer twenty second . justin ... tell they to open the door ... miller ( o.s. ) ( radio ) they can not do that Justin , now listen carefully ... ext . event horizon - airlock no . 3 Miller move faster and faster , he breath echoing in he helmet . he can see the exterior airlock just beyond a deep chasm in the ship 's superstructure . if he miss this jump , Justin will not be the only man to die today . he do not hesitate but leap , soar across the chasm towards the airlock . justin ( radio ) ... I do not want to die ...! miller you be not go to die ! not today ! I want you to do exactly as I say and I be gonna get you out of there , alright ? int . event horizon - airlock no . 3 justin but I can not ... I gotta get out of here ... skipper , please ... miller ( radio ) Justin . I will not let you die . Miller 's word give Justin hope . he regains some control . justin okay ... okay ... Justin breathes hard and follow Miller 's hurried instruction : miller ( radio ) tuck yourself into a crouch position , shut you eye as tight as you can ! starck five second . ext . event horizon - airlock no . 3 Miller land on the superstructure opposite the exterior airlock . miller ( radio ) exhale everything you get , baby bear , we can not have any air in that lung , blow it all out ... int . event horizon -- airlock no . 3 Justin go into a fetal crouch and cover he eye . justin oh god -- he wheeze out all he air ... ext . event horizon -- airlock no . 3 Miller squat on the girder , ready to push off . he focus on the 5 meter of space between he and the airlock ... the outer door OPEN ... the rush of escape atmosphere carry Justin 's body out ... Miller push off ... catch Justin 's body ... send they both back towards the open airlock ... Ice form on Justin 's body . his vein bulge . blood fountain from he noise and mouth , form a red icicle over he face . Miller pull he into the airlock . five second have pass since the airlock door open . int . event horizon -- airlock no . 3 Miller close the airlock behind they . Air hiss into the chamber . Justin 's body hit the deck as " normal " gravity exert itself . Miller open the Inner door. Peters and dj rush in . peter oh God ... Justin ... dj put a tube in the Justin 's mouth immediately , feed he oxygen . peter I have get a pulse , he 's alive ... dj pressure ? peter 90 over 50 and fall ... . dj he 's crash ... blood bubbles from Justin 's mouth and eye . he gasp , then scream , spraying blood from he mouth . dj he can breathe . that 's good . let 's get he to Medical , go , go ! starck help dj and Peters carry Justin from the airlock . Miller sit there , exhaust . reaches up and pull he helmet off . CUT to : int . event horizon -- bridge weir listen to dj ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) intubate , pure oxygen feed , get the nitrogen out of he blood ... peter ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) his peritoneum have rupture ... dj ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) one thing at a time , let 's keep he breathe . start the drip , 15 cc 's fibrinogen , Christ , he 's bleed out ... CUT to : int . event horizon -- gravity couch BAY one of the tank have be activate . swaddle in bandage , Justin float within , suspend in green gel . the other -- dj , starck , Peters , Miller , weir -- look exhaust . dj he will live ... if we ever make it back . miller we will make it . starck co2 level will reach toxic level in four hour . Peters stand , look at Justin 's ravage form float in the tank . miller ( gently ) Peters . we need to know what happen to the crew . before it happen to we . peter ( weakly ) I will get back to the log . but on the bridge , I will not go back , back in there ... miller thanks . Peters exit . starck Justin say something about , " the dark inside I ... " what do he mean ? weir it mean nothing . miller be that you " expert opinion ? " the only answer we have have out of you be " I do not know . " weir Justin just try to kill himself . the man be clearly insane . dj how would you explain you own behavior ? weir what ? starck on the bridge . you say " it " want you . weir glance at Justin ... int . event horizon -- gravity couch BAY -- Pov of claire but it 's not Justin in the tank . it 's he wife claire , naked , wet , dead . weir stare at she . int . event horizon -- gravity couch BAY weir I say that ? dj yes . you do . weir blink . Justin float in the grav couch . weir turn back to the other . weir I do not remember say that . ( cover with a joke ) maybe I be insane , too . weir exit . int . event horizon -- generic corridor Miller follow weir out of the gravity couch Bay . miller I want to know what cause that noise . I want to know why one of my crew try to throw himself out of the airlock . weir thermal change in the hull could have cause the metal to expand and contract very suddenly , cause reverberation -- miller ( explode ) that 's bullshit and you know it ! you build this fuck ship and all I have hear from you be bullshit ! weir what do you want I to say ? miller you say this ship create a gateway ... weir yes ... miller to what ? where do this ship go ? where do you send it ? weir I do not know ... miller where have it be for the past seven year ? weir I do not know ... miller the " other place , " what be that ...? weir I don't know ! ( beat , calm again ) I do not know . there 's a lot of thing go on here that I do not understand . Truth take time . miller that 's exactly what we do not have , Doctor . CUT to : int . event horizon - generic corridor Miller move through the maze of the ship , head for the Bridge . as he reach a junction , he hear ... ...a distant cry ... voice ( o.s. ) do not leave I ...! Miller wheel like a cat , stare wildly down the branching corridor . nothing . he be alone . Miller lean against the wall , sink to the floor , rest he head in he hand . ext . neptune - model the grotesque ship continue it 's orbit as the moon triton eclipse the sun . darkness swallow all . CUT to : int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY dj enter , check Justin 's display . miller ( o.s. ) any change ? dj turn , surprised . Miller sit , barely visible in the dark . dj no . no change . ( beat ) I have analyze Justin 's blood sample . there 's no evidence of excessive level of carbon dioxide . or anything else out of ordinary . a grim laugh from Miller . miller of course not . Justin just climb into the airlock because he feel like it . just one of that thing . ( beat ) I swore I would never lose another man . I come close today . Real close . dj " another man ? " who ? Miller nod , pull he service medal from beneath he jumpsuit . miller it be on the goliath . there be this bosun , corrick , a young guy , a lot like Justin . Edmund corrick , from decatur , Georgia . he get catch when the pressure door seal , one close on he arm . severe it at the wrist . the pain of that must have be ... he pass out and ... Miller trail off . dj wait patiently . finally : miller I , I try to go back for he , to save he , but I could not get to he in time . the fire ... have you ever see fire in zero-gravity ? it 's like a liquid , it slide over everything . it be like a wave break over he , a wave of fire . and then he be go . ( beat ) I never tell anyone until now . but this ship know , dj . it know about the goliath , it know about corrick . it know we secret . it know what we be afraid of . ( beat , want smile ) and now you be go to tell I it 's carbon dioxide . dj no. Miller see something in dj 's expression . miller what be it ? dj I have be listen to the transmission . and I think Houston make a mistake in the translation . miller go on . dj play the recording again . stop it abruptly . dj they think it say , " liberatis I , " " save I , " but it 's not " I . " it 's " tutemet : " " save yourself . " miller it 's not a distress call . it 's a warning . dj it get worse . Miller stare at he . dj it 's very hard to make out , but listen to this final part . he play the recording again . dj do you hear it ? right there . miller hear what ? dj it sound like " ex infera : " " ex , " from ; " infera , " the ablative case of " inferi . " " Hell . " miller " save yourself . from Hell . " ( beat ) what be you say , be you say that this ship be possess ? dj no . I do not believe in that sort of thing . ( beat ) but if Dr. weir be right , this ship have pass beyond the boundary of we universe , of reality . who know where this ship have be ... what it 's see ... ( beat ) and what it 's bring back with it . dj look at Miller . he do not have a answer . the intercom crackle : cooper ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) Captain Miller , we be ready to repressurize the Clark . miller ( into intercom ) on my way . CUT to : int . lewis and clark - bridge Miller stand in he eva suit in the darken bridge . he twist a manual valve . miller alright , Cooper . ext . lewis and clark - hull section Cooper look at Smith . cooper Cross you finger . int . lewis and clark - bridge a moment later , mist flow from the vent into the bridge , fill it with atmosphere . Miller watch the pressure rise on he suit gauge . smith ( o.s. ) ( radio ) it 's hold ... she 's hold ...! cooper ( o.s. ) ( radio ) we be still venting trace gass , gimme twenty minute to plug the hole . miller you get it , coop . Miller remove he helmet . breathes deep . miller back in business . CUT to : int . event horizon - bridge Peters sit in front of the screen . the log be still distort . frustrate , she type in a series of instruction . get to she foot . peter you get any coffee ? starck it 's cold . peter I do not care . behind Peters , the process refine , accelerate ... piece come together like a jigsaw ... Peters turn around . see the screen . the coffee slip from she hand to the floor . peter ( tiny voice ) starck ... starck turn , see the screen . peter sweet jesus. Miller ... miller ! CUT to : int . event horizon - bridge Miller , starck , dj watch the video . Peters turn away , miserable . unable to watch ... int . event horizon - bridge the video screen still distort by static and roll , but finally lucid : four original crew of the event Horizon . on the Bridge . one man dislocate he shoulder with a wet popping sound as he shove he arm down he own throat . blood bubbles from he nose . with a shucking sound , he pull he stomach out he mouth ... behind he , a man and woman fuck , cover with blood . she bite through he neck . his head loll to the other side . she bury she face in the tear flesh as he thrust into she again and again ... preside over they , kilpack . his eye be bloody hole . his hand reach out in offer . in the palm of he hand , he eye . kilpack open he mouth and speak with a inhuman voice . kilpack liberatis tutemet ex infera ... int . event horizon - bridge Miller switch off the video . no one say anything . miller we be leave . weir you can not , you order be specific ... miller " ... to rescue the crew and salvage the ship . " the crew be dead , Dr. weir . this ship kill they . and now it 's kill we . weir you be insane . you have lose you mind . miller maybe you be right . but it 's still my command , and I have leeway to abort when I feel there be a unacceptable threat to my crew . and I think there be . ( beat ) starck , download all the file from the event Horizon 's computer . coop , Smith , finish move the co2 scrubber back onto the Clark . weir ( stammer ) do not ... do not do this ... miller it 's do . CUT to : int . lewis and clark - airlock Peters enter , carry heavy co2 scrubber . Smith stop she . smith what 's go on , sweetheart ? peter co2 scrubber for the Clark . Miller pull the plug on the mission . Smith smile . smith about goddam time . sequence omit from original script . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks weir follow Miller down the corridor . weir what about my ship ? miller we will take the Lewis and Clark to a safe distance and then launch tac missile at the event Horizon until I be satisfied that she have be destroy . ( beat ) fuck this ship . weir you ... you can not do that ! miller watch I . Miller turn to walk away . weir grab Miller , wheeling he around , almost frenzied . weir you can not kill she , I will not let you ! I lose she once , I will not lose she again ...! Miller shove weir back into the wall . the two stare at each other . adversary ... the light cut to emergency lighting . starck ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) Miller , come in ... Miller find the intercom : miller starck , what the hell be go on ? int . event horizon - bridge starck peer at the Engineering board : starck ( into intercom ) we just lose main power again . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks Miller and weir be barely visible in the darkness . miller goddammit ! starck , get that file and vacate . I want off this ship . he release the intercom . weir 's voice be a whisper as he back into the shadow . weir you can not leave . she will not let you . miller just get you gear back onto the Lewis and Clark , doctor , or you will find yourself look for a ride home . weir be swallow by the darkness . weir ( o.s. ) I be home . regular lighting snap on ... Miller look around . Dr. weir have vanish . miller weir ? weir ! he slam the intercom : miller all hand . Dr. weir be miss . I want he find and restrain . int . event horizon - bridge starck gather all the file and disk . shut down the console , one by one . int . event horizon - second containment Smith and Peters finish remove co2 scrubber from panel in the wall . smith let 's go , let 's go , this place freak I out ... peter last one . int . event horizon - first containment Peters follow Smith down the first containment towards the Main access corridor , carry the last case of scrubber . she begin to lag behind . a giggle echoe down the first containment . peter ( whisper ) denny ? she turn back to the second containment ... int . event horizon - second containment Pov peter a SMALL figure dash through the darkness in the second containment . denny ...? int . event horizon - first containment peter Smith . Peters turn , but Smith be already out of sight . she hesitates . move back towards second containment . again , Peters hear the giggle of a child . the scrape of metal on metal . she slowly move forward ... int . event horizon - second containment ... into the darkness of the second containment . Peters see a open access panel . she look inside . peter ' Pov - access duct a narrow tube , vanish into darkness . a young child voice echoe from far away : denny ( o.s. ) mommy ... peter duck she head and enter the access duct . peter denny ...? CUT to : int . lewis and clark - bridge Miller sit at Justin 's engineering position . flip a series of switch ... ext . lewis and clark - model Cooper work on the patch as the ship 's run light come on in sequence ... int . lewis and clark - bridge the bridge light flicker , illuminate ... miller ( to he ship ) thank you . smith ( o.s. ) ( radio ) Captain , we get a problem . miller now what ? CUT to : int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks smith and miller smith she be right behind I , I turn around , she 's go . she could be anywhere . miller alright . prep the Clark for launch . I will find she . CUT to : int . event horizon - denny' duct Peters move through the duct . reaches a junction . anything could be with she , there in the dark . a child 's whisper , too faint for word . Peters turn ... behind she , foreground , a young child dash across the corridor . Peters turn back . too late to see . again , the child 's whisper draw she onward . peter denny ? denny , come to mommy ... faint laughter be she only answer . she follow the sound , now climb into a vertical shaft that take she higher and higher ... peter hold on , denny , mommy 's come ... int . event horizon - denny' duct - catwalk Peters pull herself up from the vertical shaft onto a catwalk that snake between huge oily machinery , just in time to see ... a SMALL child run , disappear into the gloom ahead . peter denny ? she run forward into a junction . the light flicker red . peter denny ...? denny mommy ... her son can barely be see in the flicker darkness ahead . peter you can walk ... denny , you can walk ... oh , my baby ... denny wanna show you , mommy , wanna show you something ... he reach he arm out to she ... Peters step forward , reach for she son ... ... fall into a open access hatch , hide in the dark ... int . denny' duct - ( vertical tube ) ...a twenty meter drop ... int . event horizon - second containment Peters hit hard , lie before the core , a offer of flesh and blood . her leg twist beneath she , shattered ; blood pool around she head . her chest heave : still alive . peter ( bloody gasp ) denny ... int . event horizon - denny' duct - tube section denny peer down from the top of the shaft and giggle . clap he hand in childlike glee . CUT to : int . event horizon - first containment weir wander into first containment , brood . weir ( to himself ) I will not . I will not leave . this be my ship . int . event horizon - second containment weir enter the second containment . freezes as he see ... Peters body lie twisted and break before the core . weir oh no . Peters ...? he rush to Peters . reaches out to touch she but pull he hand back . her eye be black , eight - ball hemorrhage darken the irise . she be dead . weir why do you do that ? you do not have to do that ... claire ( o.s. ) billy . weir look up from Peters ' corpse . claire stand before the core . she be naked . her skin be pale and beautiful and cold and wet . her hair hang in she face , cover she milk - white eye ... int . studio apartment Claire stand naked before the bathroom mirror . behind she , the tub steam ... int . event horizon - second containment - ( sex and suicide intercut ) weir stare at Claire in shock . she walk to he . slowly . she stop in front of he . her arm hang at she side . he must reach for she . he do , put he hand on she hip . he slide from he chair to the floor to he knee . he press he face to she pale belly and cry . sob wrack he body ... int . studio apartment ... and in the bathroom , she clutches weir 's straight-razor ... int . event horizon - second containment she reach down . slowly , she arm cradle he head . she slide down on he . straddle he . int . studio apartment ... Claire slip into the steaming water ... int . event horizon - second containment he raise he head to she breast . his eye , close . she remain unnaturally still , only she hip rock back and forth . weir 's mouth open , gasp as he enter she ... int . studio apartment ... and the razor bite she skin ... int . event horizon - second containment she caress he face . lift he face to hers . her mouth be slack . her hair hang in front of she eye . int . studio apartment ... Claire float dead in the red water , eye open , hair billow around she head like a halo ... int . event horizon - second containment weir gaze up at she , transfix . he take she hand and raise it to he face . she caress he cheek . and reach for he eye ... int . event horizon - first containment a muffled scream rip through the second containment seal . it begin as a human sound and end as something else , a alien cry of rage . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks the cry echoe down the Main corridor . int . event horizon - medical / science dj pack up blood sample . he raise he head at the sound of the cry . int . event horizon - bridge starck gasp as the cry resound through the bridge . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks Miller turn in the direction of the cry . he begin to move down the corridor , towards the source . ext . lewis and clark - hull section Cooper examine the weld on the baffle plate . it 's solid . cooper solid as a rock . ( into he radio ) hey , Smith ... int . lewis and clark - airlock cooper ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) Smith , clear that airlock , man , I be come in . smith Roger that . Smith carry another load of supplies . Movement out of the corner of he eye ... he turn in time to see weir disappear around a corner inside the event Horizon . smith Dr. weir ! hey , get you ass back on board ! Dr. weir ! no response . Smith key the radio . smith skipper , come in ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks Miller jog down the Main corridor . a intercom get he attention : smith ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) skipper ... miller ( into intercom ) what be it , Smith ? smith ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) I just see weir , I think he be mess around on the Clark . something SPARKS and sizzle in the dim light , catch Miller 's eye . he look up ... one of the explosive charge have be remove from the its mount in the corridor . miller Smith , get out of there ... smith ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) come again , skipper ? miller one of the explosive be miss from the corridor . I think weir may have put it on the Clark . int . lewis and clark - airlock Smith 's eye open wide . miller ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) get off the Clark now and wait for I at the airlock . smith no , no , we just get she back together ... miller ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) get out of there now ! but Smith have already leave the airlock ... int . lewis and clark - quarter ... enter the quarter , tear through storage locker . smith where be it , where be it ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - with airlocks miller Smith ? Smith ! fuck ! Miller race down the corridor towards the airlock , towards he ship ... int . lewis and clark - quarter a beeping sound catch Smith 's attention . he follow the sound to a storage compartment . rifles through it . smith I gotcha ... I gotcha ... the beeps be come closer and closer together . Smith grab a duffel . smith I gotcha . open it . he see the explosive charge from the event Horizon even as the beeps become a steady tone . he close he eye and sigh ... int . lewis and clark - explosion white light . a massive explosion ... int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 1 - ( tatter umbilicus ) Miller enter the docking bay even as a huge blast knock he back . miller nooo ! Safety door close , sealing off the airlock and prevent loss of pressure . ext . lewis and clark - model the silent explosion tear the Lewis and Clark into two piece , spiralling away from each other and from the event Horizon . Metal shard , like confetti , fill the space between they . ext . lewis and clark - exploded hull section Cooper cling to the forward section , watch the event Horizon recede as he tumble into space . his frenzied breathing be the only sound . int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 1 - ( tatter umbilicus ) Miller get to he foot . stare out the window upon the wreckage of he ship , spiralling away . he hit the intercom with he forearm . miller dj . the Clark 's go . Smith and Cooper be dead . int . event horizon - medical / science dj what happen ? miller ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) weir . he use one of the explosive from the corridor . the door open behind dj . the light go out . dj turn ... face to face with weir ... blood crust weir 's cheekbone , he mouth . he have no eye . only clotted , empty socket . dj open he mouth to scream . weir grab dj by the throat , cut he off . int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 1 - ( tatter umbilicus ) miller dj , you read I ? dj do not answer . the crash of glass and steel resonate over the intercom . int . event horizon - medical / science too dark to see ... glimpsis of violent motion in the stainless steel cabinet ... the sound of struggle continue ... ... then something wet ... and the struggle stop . miller ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) dj ? dj , come in ... finally , weir emerge from the gloom . he search among the surgical instrument until he blood cake hand find a needle ... and thread ... int . event horizon - airlock BAY no . 1 - ( tatter umbilicus ) Miller , at the intercom . he try another channel . miller Peters ... int . event horizon - second containment Peters body lie before the core . the intercom crackle . miller ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) Peters , be you there ? int . event horizon - airlock no . 1 - ( tatter umbilicus ) miller ( grow panic ) starck , do you read I ? starck ...? but it be weir who answer . his voice sound thick , choke with dirt . weir ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) I tell you ... she will not let you leave ... miller Son of a bitch ! Miller yank open a storage locker full of zero - G tool . lift a nailgun . Chambers a round . CUT to : ext . lewis and clark - exploded hull section Cooper watch the event Horizon fall farther and farther away . he check he oxygen gauge . one tank full , one tank at half . Cooper twist he backpack around , give he access to the oxygen tank . he seal off he primary hose and disconnect the full tank . his gauge immediately go to " yellow - Reserve . " Cooper point the full tank away from the event Horizon and open it ... the blast of pressurize air push he towards the ship , leave the wreckage of the Lewis and Clark behind . CUT to : int . event horizon - generic corridor Miller race through the corridor to Medical ... int . event horizon - medical / science ... and find dj , suspend above the table , neatly dissect . his organ have be laid out carefully before he on the steel table . miller oh my god. dj raise he head . dj ( whisper ) please ... miller oh , God , dj , what do I ... how do I ... dj please ... kill ... miller oh God ... Miller raise the nailgun with tremble hand . fire . CUT to : int . event horizon - corridor to bridge Miller approach the door to the Bridge . it be open ... int . event horizon - bridge Miller stand in the doorway . a figure sit at the helm . Miller aim the nailgun . miller weir . the figure do not move . Miller slowly circle around the helm ... it 's starck . bound with wire in a sadomasochistic pose , unconscious . miller hold on ... get you outta this ... Miller kneel in front of she , put down the nailgun , loosen the cord . she breathes in rag gasp , open he eye ... then stop . she stare over Miller 's shoulder like a deer catch in the headlight . Miller look behind he ... weir stand there , staring with eye sewn shut . Miller reach for the gun ... weir hit he , send Miller across the bridge into a bulkhead . weir pick up the nailgun , examine it . Miller slowly get to he foot . miller you eye ... weir I do not need they anymore . where we be go , we will not need eye to see . miller what be you talk about ? weir do you know what a singularity be , Miller ? do you mind truly fathom what a black hole be ? ( beat ) it be nothing . absolute and eternal nothing . and if God be everything , then I have see the Devil . ( a dead man 's grin ) it 's a liberate experience . with he free hand , weir reach for the navigation console . flip a series of switch with gore cake finger . int . event horizon - bridge ( enlarged console ) the display light up . computer gravity drive prime . do you wish to engage ? int . event horizon - bridge miller what be you do ? weir grin as he flip the final switch . computer gravity drive engage . activation in t-minus ten minute . Miller lunge for the nailgun . weir raise the nailgun to point at Miller 's face . Miller slowly back away . miller if you miss I , you will blow out the hull . you will die too . weir what make you think I will miss ? Miller see something out of the corner of he eye ... ext . event horizon - bridge Cooper . outside , brace in the viewport bracket . int . event horizon - bridge weir spin and fire at Cooper . the nail lodge in the thick quartz glass . a web of crack spread out from the bullet , the glass shrieking under the pressure . weir take a step towards the window , raise the gun to fire again . ext . event horizon - bridge Miller dive for the door . before weir can fire , ext . event horizon - bridge window ( hanging section ) the window explode outward . int . event horizon - bridge the ship howl as air rush out , rip weir off he foot . weir catch himself in the break window , try to pull himself back in ... a monitor tear free , smashes into he . he be sucked out . Miller pull himself through the door as it begin to shut . he be safe ... starck ( o.s. ) do not leave I ! Miller turn . starck cling to a console , barely able to resist the wind that try to suck she into the void . starck ( gasp for air ) please ... help , help I ... Miller hesitates , look from starck back into the safety of the ship . the door continue to shut . in second , he will be safe . and she will be dead . Miller yell and rip a compressor from its mount , wedge it in the door to keep it open . he keep one hand on the door , reach the other hand to starck . miller give I you hand ! you hand ! she do . frost form on they body as the air cool . they vein begin to bulge , blood pulse from they nose . he yell with exertion ... ... drag she to the door ... through the door ... ... as the compressor tear free , suck into space ... ... and the door snap shut , miss they by a fraction . int . event horizon - corridor to bridge starck and Miller collapse against the door . a moment pass between they . just happy to be breathe ... ... and then the airlock klaxon go off . miller the forward airlock . int . event horizon - generic corridor starck and Miller race towards the forward airlock Bay . int . event horizon - forward airlock BAY no . 4 they enter , see a humanoid shape move in the strobing light of the airlock . starck weir can not be alive . miller whatever be on that bridge be not weir . Miller look around for a weapon . pull a zero - G bolt cutter from the wall . wield it like a bat . miller stay behind I . the inner airlock door release with a hiss . swing open ... Cooper tumble through , claw at he helmet . starck Cooper ! starck rush to he , take he helmet off . he suck air in , cough it out . cooper let I breathe , let I breathe ... starck you be okay now , it 's over ... miller ( see something ) it 's not over . it 's just start . starck follow Miller 's gaze to a workstation 's flash display : gravity drive engaged . activation 00:06:43:01 ... miller weir activate the drive . he 's send we to the other place . starck we have get to shut it down , we have get to ... cooper how ? the Bridge be go . starck there must be a way ! what about Engineering ? cooper can you shut it down ? starck I do not know the process , Dr. weir be the expert ... cooper I do not want to go where the last crew go . I would rather be dead . miller blow the fucker up . starck blow it up ? miller we blow the corridor . use the foredeck as a lifeboat , separate it from the rest of the ship . we stay put ... cooper ... and the gravity drive go where no man have go before . CUT to : int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY miller you prep the gravity couch . I be go to manually arm that explosive . cooper will it work ? miller it work for weir . prep the tank . Cooper nod , head for the gravity couch bay . starck follow Miller to the steel pressure door . starck I will do it -- miller no . I will be right back . Miller open the door . miller Close it behind I . just in case . beat . starck stare at Miller as if memorize he face . starck do not be long . Miller smile wanly . the door slide shut with a dull thunk . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks Miller run down the corridor . stop at a bulkhead coupling . kneel down to remove the cover from a explosive charge , switch it to manual detonation . Miller run to the next coupling . repeat the process ... int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY starck and Cooper check the gravity couch . one by one , they slide open ... cooper I be gonna activate the emergency beacon . starck hurry . Cooper exit down a ladder . starck turn to the console , activate three gravity couch . behind she , two begin to fill with blue gel ... ... and one begin to fill with blood ... the hint of dark shape move within ... starck do not see it , concentrate on the console . thump . thump . starck turn . see the bloody tank . see something move inside it . she slowly cross to the tank . peer at it ... int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY ( tank ) thump . a face presses against the glass , staring back at her . weir . bone and muscle be expose where the skin have not finish form . int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY starck scream and back away . starck Cooper ...! the glass burst in a explosion of blood ... int . event horizon - corridor below gravity couch BAY a corridor beneath the gravity couch Bay . Cooper search through circuit panel until he find the emergency beacon breaker . he run a by-pass , activate it manually . the light begin to strobe ... drip . drip . a bloodstain spread over he shoulder . he follow the drip to the ceiling ... cooper starck ? no response . he slowly move to peer up the ladder ... ... as starck crash down , bloody but alive . cooper what ...? starck run ! she shove he away ... weir appear at the top of the ladder , crawl down headfirst like a spider ... starck get to she foot , stagger away ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - by first containtment Miller kneel , remove the cover from the last explosive . flip a switch . a small cover pop open . Miller reach in , remove a radio detonator . he arm the explosive . watch the red light on the explosive wink on in the darkness . he reach for a intercom . miller we be armed . this fucker 's ready to blow ... int . event horizon - generic corridor - ( intersection ) miller ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) ... repeat , we be armed ... starck Miller , he 's back , he be in the tank ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - by first containment miller slow down , starck , I can not understand you , who be in the tank ? int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks a figure seem to coalesce from the shadow behind Miller . starck ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) you have to get back here now , he 's out there now , if he find you ... the figure move forward into the light ... arcane rune etch weir 's face ; he eye , now restore , blaze with unholy zeal . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - by first containment miller who ? who ? starck ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) weir . miller he 's dead ... Miller glance over he shoulder . his jaw drop in surprise as he see ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks weir grin at he ... then smashes the intercom with he fist , cut off starck 's voice . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - by first containment Miller back away . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks weir stand between Miller and safety . int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - by first containment miller you be dead , I see you die . weir weir be dead . miller then who the fuck be you ? weir you fear . do you remember the goliath , Miller ? int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks flame spread over weir' body , transforming he into the burning man . burning man do you remember I ? miller corrick ... burning man you leave I behind . miller that 's not true ... burning man I begge you . I begge you to save I and you do nothing . you stand there and watch I burn ... miller shut up ! shut up ! the Burning man yell and raise he arm in accusation ... ... and FIRE race out from behind he , flow over the wall , the ceiling , the floor , racing for Miller like a rise tide ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - by first containment Miller run . Dead ahead , the first containment ... int . event horizon - first containment Miller run fast . the fire be faster , flooding in behind he . Miller dash for the second seal as it begins to close . the fire gain on he , surround he . Miller dive through the second seal ... int . event horizon - second containment ... barely make it ... ... slam into the engineering console . Miller look back at the second seal . it 's still open by a fraction when the fire hit it ... ... sending a lance of flame stabbing out towards Miller . he roll aside as the fire hit the console . the console explode . the second seal shut tight , cut the fire off . the paint on the second seal begin to bubble and scorch ... and then cool as the fire subside . Miller get to he foot . almost allow himself to relax . then he see he shadow before he , dance in the grow red light . he turn ... int . event horizon - second containment the second containment be a holocaust . Fire swarm over the wall . Burning jelly drip from Control Spikes . the core itself be a blaze orb ; the gyroscope that hold it glow red-hot . Miller stare at the blaze core . burning man ( o.s. ) do not leave I ! Miller turn . the Burning man stand right beside he . he smashes Miller with a backhand that ignites Miller 's clothes and send he fly . the detonator fall from Miller 's grasp , lose beneath two foot of coolant . Miller come up choking and spluttering . the Burning man stalk towards Miller . the coolant steam and sizzle at he foot . Miller stare at the Burning man as he approach . slowly rise to he foot . miller you be not Edmund corrick . the Burning man 's flame wane , revealing weir 's misshapen form . Miller throw a wick right . weir catch Miller 's fist . squeezy until blood well up between he finger . then sling Miller against a cool tank with bone cracking force . Miller collapse into the slime , barely able to raise he head to breathe . weir slowly approach . miller what be you ? weir you know . miller you want I to believe you be the Devil , well , I do not , that 's bullshit ! weir I be not the Devil . miller then what , what be you ? tell I ... weir better if I just show you . weir 's hand reach down and he grab Miller by the skull . Miller gasp as he see ... series of shot faster than the eye can see . more than mind can accept ... int . event horizon - bridge ( vision from hell ) the original crew writhe naked and bloody in carnivorous frenzy ... int . event horizon - second containment ( vision from hell ) Peters ' bloody grin child , devour he mother ... int . event horizon - second containment miller writhes in weir 's grip . his hand flail out to the side . one hand brushes a long steel cannister sink in the muck . a co2 scrubber ... the vision continue : int . event horizon - medical / science ( vision from hell ) dj 's dissect body , except that here , dj look up , and smile ... ext . space - model ( vision from hell ) a alien SUN , red and bloat and die . ext . alien terrain - model ( vision from hell ) a alien terrain ; a sluggish , oily , black sea . a hand reach from the oil ... int . studio apartment ( vision from hell ) claire float dead in a bathtub fill with the thick black fluid ... int . event horizon - second containment ( vision from hell ) Justin , starck and Cooper , crucify upside - down upon the third seal ... int . event horizon - second containment miller no ! his hand close on the scrubber and he swing it across weir 's head . weir reel back , stunne . Miller get to he foot . miller you can not have they ! he hit weir again . hard . blood gush from weir 's skull , fill the rune on he face . weir stagger . Miller attack . again and again and again ... this time weir be ready . he catch the scrubber and tear it from Miller 's grasp . smashes Miller to the floor with a single blow . Miller groans . weir I be not the Devil . I be much , much older . I watch the beginning and I will see the end . I be the dark behind the star . I be the dark inside you all . Miller get to all four , try to get up . miller ... not the Devil ... weir kick Miller savagely . Miller slide through the coolant , come to rest beneath a walkway . he attempt to rise , collapse back into the sludge . weir slowly stalk towards he . weir there be no Devil . there be no God . there be only ... nothing . miller you be lie ...! weir I be not ask you to believe I . you will see for yourself ... and so will you crew . you be all come with I . miller starck ... Cooper ... weir 's grotesque face be inch from he . he reach down and pull Miller from the drip ooze ... weir they be mine . and so be you ... ...as Miller clear the surface , he hold something in he fist . Miller stare dead - on into weir 's hellish face ... ... and raise he right hand . he's holding the detonator . miller ( a grim smile of triumph ) you can not have they . go to hell . weir nooo ! miller depress the detonator . ext . event horizon - model a small , silent explosion blossom in the aft section of the ship ... int . event horizon - MAIN access corridor - no airlocks ... follow frame later by a sequence of detonation that rip the Main access corridor apart and propel the foredeck away from the containment section . int . event horizon - corridor ( rollover set ) the explosion knock starck and Cooper down . they hold on tightly as ... ext . neptune - model wave of distortion ripple over the event Horizon 's containment section ... a dark sphere of energy spread out from the containment as the gateway open ... a black hole ... the black hole begin to shrink , implode . as it collapse , it suck Neptune 's blue cloud with it , create a titanic whirlpool with the black hole at its center ... the shrieking wind carry the foredeck back towards the whirlpool , towards the black hole ... int . event horizon - corridor ( rollover set ) Cooper and starck slide across the floor as the deck tip at a terrific angle ... ext . neptune - model the foredeck teeter on the edge of oblivion ... the black hole collapse utterly , vanish to a point . a enormous shockwave rip out from the point of implosion . the foredeck ride the wave away from the implosion and out of Neptune 's atmosphere to safety ... int . event horizon - corridor window the vibration subside . Cooper and starck stagger to they foot . look out the window ... ext . neptune - model cooper / starck Pov Neptune recede , the ugly hole of the implosion already be erase by Neptune 's violent wind ... int . event horizon - corridor window starck 's voice be tiny . starck Miller ... fade to : space - model Black planet silhouett by a die red giant . the Engineering containment of the event Horizon drift in the eddyy of gas that swirl and spiral into the bloat star . move towards the ship until its shadow consume all ... delete scene int . event horizon - gravity couch BAY starck awaken but the scream continue as the event Horizon call out to she ... she scream ... hand on she body ... the cry stop ... starck look around uncomprehend at the face around she . it be a rescue team Cooper push they aside . she cling to he , crying ... cooper it 's over , hush now , it 's over ... fade to black . end