I know what you do last summer ( 1997 ) transcript - screenplay for you ext . - camera pan over the ocean and around reaper curve . camera zero 's in on a man sit on top of reaper curve hold a silver medallion that say " I love you " . the man be drink . firework be set off , it 's the 4th of july . ext . - the croaker parade --- float be up and down the street and people be cheer . int . the croaker queen contest . --- mc - that 's get to be the prettiest girl we have ever have in this competition , I tell you . now let 's welcome back we six finalist on stage , come on back out girl . there they be , pretty as can be I tell ya. be proud of you girl . you have work hard . on the balcony . Barry Cox , Julie James and Ray bronson be cheer on helen shiver . Julie - look at she she be bear for this . Ray - I never know she breast be so , ample . Barry - she do this exercise to pump them up . Julie - guy , I be on sexist overdrive as it be , kill the commentary . back on stage mc - now in the spirit of mother Teresa what will be you comtribution to you community and the world at large ? helen - well Bob , at summer end I plan to move to New York City where I will pursue a career as a serious actress , it 's my goal to entertain the world through artistic expression , through art , I shall serve my country . back to the balcony Ray - do you believe all this shit ? Barry - work it babe . they eat it up , look she 's incredible . back to stage mc - and now . this year croaker Queen be ... miss helen shiver the crowd cheer as the announcer give helen she crown and septor . Barry - that 's my girlfriend , yeah !!!! ext . the street of southport --- on the street the song my baby 's get the strangest Ways be be preform live by Southern Culture on the skid a hundred of local be parting . helen and Julie walk in . helen - how 's my hair ? Julie - Hurricane proof . helen - hey , it 's all about the hair do not you forget that . especially when you become some big hot shot laywer that professional woman type think its all about brain and ability and compleatly ignore the do ' . Julie - so the do 's vital , get it . helen sister elsa appear . elsa - hey you riding with I ? helen - no tell mom I will be home late . elsa - ah be little miss croaker get sauteed tonight ? helen - oh a twit with a wit . elsa - eat I . Max run up to Julie Max - hey Julie , I bring you a shooter on the house . Julie - oh thanks Max but I have this mental block , can not get past the slime . Max - how about I take you out before you leave town , you know kind of a bon voyage . Julie - ah you know , I do not think so . Max - we have be friend since forever , now you cant just leave without farewell right ? Julie - right . Barry and Ray walk up . Barry take the shooter from Max . Barry - a toast to we , to we last summer of immature , adolecant decandence . he drink the shooter helen - somebody 's buzze . Barry ( to Max ) - yo chumbake , take a hike . Barry then push Max to the ground and a fight break out . Ray pull they apart . helen - Barry they just friend . Barry - okay Ray just take care of you girl like I promise . Ray - thanks , buddie , now let blow . helen - yeah okay , let beem down to Dawson 's beach . enjoy a ride ? Julie ( to Max ) - bye. ext . reaper curve --- driving along the highway , drive very dangerously . ext . South Port beach --- the four friend be on the beach . Ray - so the boy and girl be make out right ? when they hear over the radio that this lunatic killer 's escape from a insane asylum , he got this long sharp hook for a hand . Barry - no , you be tell it wrong . Ray - shut up ! so the girl , she get all scared right ? and the boy , all hot and bother , he get piss and peel out . Barry - no , no , no no . that 's not the way it go , okay the boy go for help and the girl stay in the car and she hear this scratch sound ... helen ( interupt ) - it 's not a scratch sound , it 's a drip , drip , drip . Barry - no. its scartching because the guy be hang from a tree limb and he foot be scratch on the roof of the car . helen - no , he 's be decapitate and it 's the blood for he severe neck that 's drip on the car go drip , drip , drip . Julie - no he be not decapitate , he be gut with a hook . that 's the way I hear it . Ray - you be all wrong , they get back to the girl house and find the lunatic bloody hook in the car door . now that 's the original story , that 's the way it really happen . Barry - hey , hey none of it really happen , it 's a bullshit ghost story to begin with . Ray - no it 's not , it 's true . helen - yeah I do not think so Ray Ray - I swear it . Julie - please , it 's a fictional story create to warn young girl of the danger of have premarital sex . Ray - well actually honey , you know how terrify I be of you iq but it 's a urban legend , american folklore and they all usually originate from some real life incident . Ray smile . some time have pass on the beach and helen be run around while Barry be lay on the ground . helen - so by that time , I will just be finish my two year contract on guide Light , coincide with you first year as start quaterback for the steeler ... Barry - Cowboys ! helen - whatever . then we can elope in Europe or the cayman or wherever where I will let you impregnate I with the first of thrre child , before you head off to rehab and then we can live hapily ... another part of the beach . Julie be walk alone on the beach call out for Ray . Ray ( run behind she ) - I be gonna hook you !! Julie - hey Ray you do not really believe all that crap do you ? Ray - that 's true . Julie - please , it 's really a phallic symbol . Ray - oh really ? Julie - yeah ultimatly castrate . God I be gonna miss you . they sit down on the sand . Ray - you do not have to , you can always ditch this Boston thing and come to New York with I . Julie - yeah well we can not all sit in the village coffee house and ramble esoterically on we laptop . there just be not enough room . Ray - see , no one get I the way you do . Julie - I understand you pain Ray - precisely . Julie - I hate this . I really hate this . you be gonna go off and fall for some head shave - black wear - tattoo cover - body peirce philosophy student . Ray - that sound attractive . Julie - and I will never see you again . Ray - hey , do you know the success rate of high school sweetheart realationship be higher than any other type of relationship ? Julie - yeah ? name you source . Ray then put he hand on he heart . Julie begin to remove she jacket . Ray - be you sure ? Julie nod yes . Music come up and the two begin to kiss as they lay on the ground . cut to - helen and Barry at Barry 's car . Barry wa not the key to he car . helen - okay manmeat give I the key . Barry - who 's car be this ? nobody drive my car but I . helen - I know that baby but the croaker Queen have to get home now . helen then grab the key from Barry . helen - thank you . Julie and Ray walk up . helen - hey you two . helen toss the key to Ray . Barry - give I my fuckin ' key . Ray - you be trash pal . helen - come ride in the back with I , I will let you do thing to I . Barry ( to Ray ) - nobody drive my car but I you get that shit smear ? Ray - loud and clear . get in the car . int . Barry 's car . --- Ray be drive , Julie be in the passanger seat and Barry and helen be in the back seat make out . the car shift and Barry sit up . Barry - you can not drive for shit you know that ? Julie ( to Barry ) - can you say Al - co-hol-ic ??? sappy music be play on the radio . Barry - what the hell be this crap ? Barry then put on some thrash music and climb out the sunroof while swilling back the booze and scream . Barry then drop he bottle on Ray and the car start to slide . Julie - you asshole . Ray - what 's wrong with you ? Barry - watch out !!!!!!! the car hit something hard and skid off the road . helen - what be that ? Ray - I do not know . Julie - be everybody okay ? helen - yeah Ray - maybe it be a animal Barry come down through the sunroof . helen - oh my god you be bleed . Barry wipe the blood of he face . Barry - it 's not mine . Ray - it must have be a dog or something . Barry ( scream ) - Jesus Christ , my fuckin ' car . they all hop out and look at the smashed up car . Barry - fuck ! can not you see where you be go ?? Ray - look , it come out of nowhere , I do not see it . Julie - a dog could not have do that . Barry - yeah well a fuck deer could . Ray - you drop you bottle , I be just ... Barry ( interupt ) - my dad be gonna freak on my ass . helen - it be a accident leave he alone . Julie - where be it ? if it be a deer then where be it ?? Ray - maybe it run off . helen - I hope so , I hope we do not kill it . Barry - fuck that . let go . Julie see a man boot on the side on the road with blood on it . Julie - oh my god . she run and pick it up . Ray - no way . Julie - oh my god . helen - but I think ... Ray - I do not see it . Barry - no there 's no way . Julie - oh my god this be not happen . Barry run and get some flashlight out of the trunk of the car . they begin look . Barry - you check that side . Ray - yeah . Barry - come on helen . Julie scream in horror , there be a body lay on the side of the road . Ray - I could not see he , I swear . helen - be he dead .? Ray - I do not know Barry - check he pulse . Ray - no way Barry - you be the one who ram he . Julie - just do it . Ray go towards the body and check he pulse . Ray - I think he 's dead . Barry - shit .... fuck !!! helen - who be he ? Ray - I can not tell , he face be all mess up . Barry - what the hell be he do out here ? Julie - we have get to call the police and get a ambulance out here . Barry - hey hey what 's you hurry ? the guy dead . Julie - you be not a doctor you do not make that descison . Barry - use you brain Julie , we call the police and be fuck . Julie - it be a accident . Ray - look , let think about this a minute . Julie - think about what ? think about what ? he be crossing the road in the middle of the night okay it be a accident , you be not drink or speed . Ray - there 's liquor all over the car . Julie - but you be sober . Ray - they will never believe I be drive . Barry - it 's my car , they will nail my ass . helen - that 's not true . Barry - be you kid ? look at I , I be drunk as shit , I be fuck . helen - so we will call the police , just tell they the truth , they will believe we . Ray - it 's manslaughter . we be gonna fry no matter who take the fall . Barry - then we leave right now . Julie - no way be you crazy ? Ray - the grill bust , there 's blood everywhere . Barry - we can clean it up , come on . Julie - listen to yourselves , no we be go to the police . Barry ( still scream ) - we do not have time for you shit , you understand ? we have get to move fast . Ray - hey , now let try to stay calm . focus. Julie - do not you get it ? if there 's some of he on the car , there 's some of the car on he , they gonna trace it back to you , you be look at a hit and run . Barry - then we dump the body . Julie - you have lose it . helen - like just pretend we be never here . Barry - we could drag he into the water and dump he in , they would not find the fucker for week by that time all the evidence would be wash away . Ray - if they find he at all ... the current be strong , the undertow could carry he out to sea . Julie - I will not be any part of it . Ray - look I be scared Julie , I be not like the rest of you , I do not have the family or the money to get I out of this . please . Barry - this be you future Julie , think about it , college , you schloarship . the guy 's already dead , if we go to the police we be dead too . a truck start come down the road towards they . Barry - fuck . helen - what do we do ? Barry ( to Ray ) - help I . Barry and Ray pick up the body and carry he over to the other side of the guardrail . helen - shit , they be slow down . who be it ? Julie - it 's Max . Barry - get rid of he . Max stop the truck . Max - Julie ? what you get car trouble ? Max and Julie look over to the guardrail where Barry be pretedn he be vomit . Julie - actually , it 's barry , he 's have way too much to drink and be try to keep the up - chuck out of the new car . Max look back at the smashed up car . Max - do not look so new anymore Julie - yeah , do not drink and drive . Max - daddy 's gonna be mad . Ray come over to the truck . Ray - what can I do for you Max ? Max - you can wipe that " my shit do not stink grin off you face " . Ray - okay Max , will do . have a goodnight . Max - you almost get that rich boy act down Ray . Ray - we will be see you Max . Max - yup . take care Julie . Max drive away . ext . down at the dock . --- barrys car be arrive , they get out and open the trunk and Barry and Ray start drag the body down to the water . Barry - even if he body wash ashore in the next couple of week , he will be eat by crab and small fish . maybe we will get lucky with a shark . take he to the side . they start to lower he on to the side of the wharf . Barry - put he down . Ray - easy , that 's it . Barry - let do it . Julie - wait . Ray - what ? Julie - should we check he wallet and see who he be ? Barry - why ? Julie - I do not know okay , just to know . helen - I do not want to know . Barry - let 's just pretend he 's some escape lunatic with a hook for a hand and we be do everybody a favor . Ray help I . Ray - I do not think I can Barry . Barry - shit , we agree Julie - God , come on Barry it 's not too late . Barry ( scream ) - you , shut up just shut up . helen ( want to get it over with ) - Christ already I will do it . helen and Barry start to move the body towards the water when all of the sudden the man wake up and grab helen crown , they all scream and push he in the water . helen ( hystrical ) - my crown , he 's get my crown . Barry jump in the water after the crown and swim to the bottom where the man have land with the crown in he hand . Barry reach for it and as he hand touch the crown the man eye pop open and Barry beat the crown away from he while scream he head off and swim back to the top leave the man underwater . Ray - over here . Barry slam the crown to helen and walk towards the car . Ray - let 's get out of here . Barry - we be go home now and never , ever , under any circumstance know to God speak about this again be that clear ? it be now mearly a futural therapy bill agree ? Barry ( scream ) - helen ?? helen - I will never mention it again . Barry - we make a pact , right here and now we take this to we grave . Ray - agreed . Barry - Julie ? Julie nod she head in agreement . Barry ( livid ) - do not you nod you head you fuckin say it . Julie ( somber ) - yeah okay . Barry run and grab Julie by the neck push she against the car . Barry - we take this to we grave , let I hear it . Ray - let she go Barry . Barry - you fuck say it ! Julie - okay Barry , we take this to the grave . Barry get in the car wet and furious . Ray ( to Julie ) - it will be okay . Julie begin to cry . and they all get in the car and leave . camera pan in on the ground where a silver medallion that say " I love you " be lay . one year later ext . july college . --- student be run around on campus . int . july dormroom . --- july roommate Deb walk in . Deb - yo , it 's time to go . Julie turn around from she computer revealing that the last year have sure take its toll on she . Deb - come on , move you tired ugly ass girl we be late . Julie - I change my mind , I be not go . Deb - Julie , get you white as death , chalky corpse in the car now . pause . Deb - I say come on . Julie you be go home for the summer and you be go to get a tan on that pasty pale tail of yours . they both giggle . Deb - let 's go . ext . - july house - Deb be pull the car into the driveway . Julie take she bag from the backseat . Deb - remember , sun and fun . Julie - yeah . Deb drive off leave Julie home , where she do not want to be . Mrs. James - Julie ? welcome home dear . Julie turn around to see she mother who she have not see since last summer . Mrs. James - I miss you . int . - july Kitchen - Julie and she mother be eat . Mrs. James - how 's the snapper ? Julie just fake a smile . Mrs. James - I really want monkfish but it 's be a bad season . Julie sit stoneface . mrs- James - be you on drug ? Julie be surprised by the question . Julie - what ? Mrs. James - I just want to surprise you , I want a honest reaction . Julie - no . no mom no drug . Mrs. James - well than what be wrong ? I mean you look like death . Julie - yeah well I have have a rough year . july mom clear the table and Julie get up and walk towards the live room look at old award and picture of she father . july mother walk in . Mrs. James - you get some mail , a letter come today , not you report card though , that come last week . Julie - Mom I know it look bad but the summer session go really well . Mrs. James - well it would have to because acord to the dean you only have one more chance . Julie - it 's not that serious really . Mrs. James - what happen to my daughter ? I mean you go away and you do not call and you do not visit . Mrs. James begin to walk out of the room . Mrs. James - you father must be turn over in he grave . Julie begin to cry as she open the plainly mark envelope so see the word write boldy in black marker " I know what you did last summer " she look at it terrify as she begin to cry harder . Julie ( holding back the tear ) - who send this ? there 's no postmark or return address . Mrs. James - you guess be as good as mine why what do it say ? Julie - nothing . Julie run up the stair to she bedroom . she sit on a sofa look at the letter all night long wonder who could have send it . she hear a noise outside and run to shut she window and curtain . she be scared . ext . - the street of southport --- july car drive up to the store name shiver . int . - shiver --- back entrance elsa be talk to some guy unload merchandise . a man drop one of the box . elsa - guy , easy . it 's call glass , it break . she walk into the main part of the store greeting some shopper and begin to arrange some thing . Julie walk into the store . elsa - well well look what the cat drug in . Julie - elsa , hi . you know what ? I need to talk to helen and I be wonder if you could give I she New York number ? elsa - her New York number ? Julie - yeah I need to talk to she . elsa - fact check Julie , helen do not have a New York number , if you need to speak to she I suggest you go to women fragrance , 10 foot to you leave . camera pan off to show helen who be arrange some bottle of perfume . elsa - frightn be not it ? helen look up and see the friend that she have not see in a year and smile . helen - Julie ? Julie walk over to she . helen - when do you get home ? Julie - yesterday . helen - it 's good to see you . Julie - what happen to New York . helen - I go for a while and it do not really work out . Julie pull the letter from she pocket . Julie - somebody send this to I . a look of fear cross helen face . helen - oh my God . Julie - somebody know helen . helen - how ? Julie - I do not know . helen - Julie we be so carefull . Julie - be we ? be we ? what if somebody see we ? what if somebody else be there that night ? helen - who ? it 's be a year . Julie - I do not know . helen - have Barry see this ? ext . - barrys lawn --- helen and Julie be walk towards the house . helen - do you ever see Barry at school ? Julie - it 's a big campus . be you sure he come back ? helen - saw he car the other day at the gym . Julie - do you guy break up ? Barry walk out on to the patio not pleased at see the two of they again . Barry ( not excited to see they ) - hey . what be you two do here ? helen - hi bare . ext . - barrys patio --- they be discuss the letter . Barry - this be nothing . I know what you do last summer ? oooh , what a crock of shit . helen - we need help . Barry - yeah I will say , you know what ? you guy should check out a mirror once and a while , you two look like shit run over twice . helen - you be a prick . Julie - we can not just ignore it . Barry - come one Julie , how do you know this be even related ? you do a lot of thing last summer . Julie - yeah well only one murder come to mind . Barry be extremly piss that she mention that night again . Barry - you shut the hell up ! we do not murder anyone . Julie - he be still alive when we dumped he in the water . helen - do we have to rehash this ? it be a accident , the guy be in the middle of the road . Julie - his name be David egan . Barry - who ? Julie - David egan . he be find three week after we .... he body be catch in a shrimp net not far from miller dock . it be in the paper , I think the police call it a accidental drown . you can call it a accident all you want but he die because of we that 's certain . Barry - what about Ray ? have you show this letter to he ? what do he think ? Julie - I have not see Ray since last summer , we break up and last I hear he be work up north . Barry - okay let 's suppose someone be there that night , why send the letter one year later ? probably some crack fuck around .... Max . Julie - Max ? you think ? Barry - who else ? he be there . ext . - Fish Plant --- Julie , helen and Barry be walk towards the building . Barry - you two wait here . Julie - what be you gonna do ? Barry - I know what I be do . int . - Fish Plant --- Max be work with some lobster pot . he notice Barry walk in . Max - well go figure , I be just think to myself what ever happen to that Barry Cox ? Barry ( be very polite ) - hey Max . hey listen can we talk for a sec ? in private ? Max - oh what this be not private enough for you ? Barry smirk and walk out back and Max follow he . Max - yeah what ? Barry then grab Max and push he into a block of ice hold he down . Barry - look you shit we get you little letter . Max - what the hell be you talk about ? Barry - do not fuck with I Max , you see we that night . Max - what the fuck be you on huh ? Barry grab a large fish hook that be sit on a block of ice and hold it up to max face . Max - Jesus Christ . Barry - listen I be gonna say this once , I will fuck kill you ass , I get no problem with that ... Max - oh get the fuck off I . Barry - you understand I ? Max - get off of I . Max struggle with Barry and Barry cut Max 's arm with the hook and then walk away put the hook back where he get it from . Max be lay on the floor wonder what just happen . he get up and he be angry and grab the hook yell at Barry who be leave . Max - mother fucker . do not you test I mother fucker , I will call the cop on you college quaterback ass . ext . - back on the street --- Barry be walk out where Julie and helen have be wait . Julie - so do he admit to the letter ? Barry keep walk . Barry - he will not bother you anymore . helen - what do you do ? Barry - I take care of it okay ? Julie - how ? Barry - I scared the shit out of he alright ? stepping up from out of a boat be Ray . the old group of friend be reunite . Barry - well I will be damned . Ray ( to Julie ) - hi. Barry - so Ray grow up to be a fisherman huh ? Ray - yeah , almost a year now , I work on that one over there on the end . Barry do not look where Ray have just point . Barry - that 's nice . have a nice life guy , I be out of here . Barry leave . Ray ( to Julie ) - you get a minute ? helen do not want to be intrude . helen - I gotta get back to work , call I , we can get togeather . Julie - yeah okay . helen leave Ray and Julie alone to talk . Julie - we need to talk . int . - Fish Plant --- Ray and Julie be walk in discuss the letter . Ray - you think Max send it ? Julie - Barry do . I do not know . Ray - well , you know how Max feel about you guy , look he 's probably just screwing around , he do not have much else to do you know ? Julie - yeah maybe . ext . - on the wharf --- Ray and Julie be talk while he be work . Ray - so , how 's school ? Julie - so you be a fisherman ? Ray - yeah prophecy fullfilled right ? I have become my father . Julie - I think you do not know you dad ? Ray - ah he work the boat , that 's all I do know about he . pause . Ray - look I think a lot about last summer , I know you hold I responsible for what happen . Julie - I do not hold you responsible , no I be responsible for my own action and I do not blame you . but I do not want to know you either . she run away from a confuse Ray leave he there all alone . int . - Fish Plant - Max be cooking lobster . he burn he finger and go to get glove . he see a shadow through the steam from the boil water and look closer to see what it be and see someone in a black slicker come towards he and then the hook go through he throat and drag he across the table . ext - southport street --- Barry be pull up to the South Port muscle . int . - southport muscle . --- Barry be work out , punch and kickbox . int . - locker room --- Barry be take tape off he hand and see a shadow . Barry - hello ?? int . - shower --- Barry be shower after he workout , he see a shadow go past the door . Barry - hello ??? int . - locker room --- Barry see a ploaroid picture stick out of he locker , he look at it , it 's a picture of he car which be park outside with " I know " write on the picture . he look in he lock and he jacket be miss . Barry - my fuck jacket . he quickly get dress and run out into the lobby where a old man work be read the newspaper . Barry - who else be here ? anybody else work out ? Worker - just you and I pal . Barry run outdoor to see he car be be back out of the parking lot , he chase after it . Barry - hey ! hey ! fucker . the car back into the end of the street with Barry chase it , the car stop , Barry be look directly at it . Barry - Max , you be fuck dead . the headlight of the car come on and start speed towards Barry , he start to run away but the car be right behind he . he be back up against a old desert building with nowhere to go , he be look at the car try to think of something to do , the car pause and then ram into Barry who flip up onto the windshield and the car push he through the building . the car stop and someone in a slicker get out and be look down at a injure Barry . Barry be scream for help . Barry - help I !!! help I !! somebody . what do you want ???? the slicker - clad madman pull out a big fishing hook . Barry - I be sorry , I be sorry , I swear we do not mean it , please do not . screen fade to black . int . - southport hospital - Julie be get off the elevator and see Ray . int . - barrys hospital room - the four former friend be all in there talk about what just happen . Barry - no for the fortieth fuck time I could not see he face . Julie - we have no choice here okay ? somebody try to kill you last night , we have to go to the police . Barry - no he be not try to kill I last night , if he want I dead he could have do it , he 's just fuck with we . helen - who be ? Barry - I do not know , some guy in a slicker . Ray - well that narrow it down , this be a quaint little fishing village and all . Barry - since you bring it up , we all know you have a slicker . Ray - you be not go to throw this on I . helen - come on you guy please do not do this . Julie - this be not get we anywhere . Ray - look , maybe we should just come clean . Barry - no. no . we make a pact and we be keep it . Julie - yeah but this be insane now Barry look at we , this secret 's kill we . Barry - I be not go to the police and you be not either . Julie - Barry please , we could put a end to it and maybe salvage some small fraction of a life . Barry - and how do we do that ? huh ? there be no accident Julie it be murder , you word remember ? murder . I say we find the fuck who 's do this and have a little one on one . Ray - what like last night bare ? Barry jump to a sit position in he bed . Barry - fuck you man . helen - no Barry 's right , whosever do this be not go to the police , we could this guy , talk to he . Barry - how do we find he ? helen - well it 's get to be a friend or a family member of the guy we hit . what be he name ?? Julie - David egan . helen - right ... David egan . ext . - Hospital --- Julie , Ray and helen be walk through the hall ready to leave and they be discuss what they should do . Ray - look I do not think we should give up on Max , it could still be he . Julie - then find he Ray , prove Barry wrong , that 's what you want be not it ? Ray - no , no , what I want be for you and I to just ... Julie - listen to I Ray okay , I want you to get something , there be no you and I . Julie take off down the stair instead of wait for the elevator . Ray and helen look at each other and helen follow Julie . int . - july house - Julie and helen be look up article about David egan on the internet . Julie - okay I can access the local library online , I think we can cross-refrence and pull up all we need to know . she find what she be look for and type in she querey . Julie - egan , David . a bunch of article pop up on the screen . helen - all this article be about David egan ? Julie - yeah or at least mention he , it should pull up anything with he name . Julie - wait , July 5th two year ago , what 's this ? Julie start read one outloud . Julie - susie Willis die of drown , she be trap in a car after it skide out of control on the reef near dawson beach , the driver David egan be unharme . helen - I remember that wreck two summer ago . Julie ( still read ) - susie be engage to David , they be gonna be marry . wait a second I remember he have she name tattooe on he arm , I see it . Julie pop up another article . Julie - survive by he mother Claire and sister Melissa egan of marible County . helen - they live in the stick , what do you think ? Julie - whadda we get to lose ?? ext . - marible County Road --- Julie and helen be drive to the egan house . helen be read a map . helen - turn right . Julie - where ?? helen - back there . they back the car up to get to the road they be look for and turn down it . helen - what exactly be the plan ? I mean be we just gonna ring the doorbell and say we kill you son and we be in the neighborhood so ... Julie - look I think we would scope it out then play it by ear . helen - do not you think we should have some sort of a plan ? Angela landsbury always have a plan . the car stop at a mailbox that have " egan " write be bold letter . ext . - the egan driveway --- Julie and helen be walk towards the house . helen - what if they be wait for we ? what if they recognize we ? they could have a gun and shoot we dead . Julie - it 's be a year helen , they could have do that already . helen - yeah , jodi Foster try this and a skinner of a serial killer answer the door . they get to the house and knock on the door twice and no one answer . helen - well it be a good try . Julie be not satisfied , she walk around the side of the house and look in a window . helen - add break and enter to we crime spree ? a woman image appear in a old mirror that be sit next to the house . the woman be missy egan . missy - can I help you ? Julie - oh , hi , we car stall down the road and we be just wonder if maybe we could use you phone ? int . - the egan house --- missy - phone 's over there . Julie - oh thanks . jody , will you call triple a ? helen - you get it , Angela . helen turn to go to the telephone and she face walk into a black fishing slicker and she scream . Julie just laugh to not look suspicious . helen composs herself and go to the phone . missy - my name 's missy egan . be you girl from mirable ? Julie - no , southport . missy - oh I go to southport High . Julie - yeah I know you look fimiliar , what year ? missy - ah class of ' 88 . Julie - you name , egan , it sound very fimiliar , do you have a brother or something ? missy - I do but he be young than I , David , young . Julie - what class be he ? missy - ah ' 92 but he 's dead , he die last july . Julie - I be so sorry . missy - thanks . Julie - do you ah , do you live alone ? missy - yeah , ah well my daddy die a long time ago and my mama she 's in a home you know in aurora because she do not take , take too well to what happen with David . thing just have not be the same since he die . a long pause and then helen walk over after she phone call . helen - they be on they way . missy - I could make you guy a cup of tea while you be wait . helen - thanks . Julie - yeah thanks , that 's nice of you . missy smile and walk into the kitchen . helen and Julie be look at picture of David and missy in happier time . helen - you know I think I remember David , he have a friend right ? what be he name ? missy ( from the kitchen ) - who ? helen - do not he hang out with this guy , I mean they be really close , god what be he name . missy - oh , I do not know , I do not know too many of david friend helen - oh missy - but there , there be one guy , one guy , he stop by not too long after david death and and he come to pay he respects . Julie - really ?? missy - oh , yeah he be a really nice guy , he be cute and smart . and well we be sweet on each other for about two minute , but it do not work out you know . he never really say it but I think it hurt he to be around I . helen - where be this old friend now ? missy - oh I do not know . helen - do you remember he name ? missy - billy . helen - do he have a last name ? missy be look up remember she time with billy Blue . missy - Blue ... billy Blue Julie - well you know what ? we should probably wait back at the car . missy - no do not be ridiculous , why do not ... ah stay . Julie - no , I do not want to miss triple A. helen - we apreciate the phone . the begin to leave , missy yell as they be leave ... missy - anytime you know , I do not get too many knock on my door nowadays . ext .- july car --- they have just leave missy house and Julie be upset . helen - you okay ? Julie - I wigge out I be sorry . but be in he house and see he sister . God do you see what we have do ? helen - it be a accident . Julie - helen we kill a man and then ruin the life of everyone he know . helen - I do not think we be that powerful Julie , you be give we way too much credit . missy run up along side of the car and pound on the window make Julie and helen jump . missy - hey ! you forget you cigarettes . Julie - thank you . missy - well I see you get this car start do not ya ? Julie - yeah damndest thing , it start right up . missy - funny how that happen . Julie drive away as missy be still talk leave missy with a sinister look on she face . ext . - helen house --- Julie and helen be in the car still , Julie be drop helen off . helen - so what now ? Julie - now we try and locate this billy Blue . helen - maybe he want to die . Julie - what ? helen - David egan . his girlfriend be kill on that same road july 4th one year earlier , . maybe he blamm himself , maybe he be sit in the road wait for we to hit he . Julie - yeah if that will help you sleep at night . helen - what happen between we ? we use to be best friend . Julie - we use to be a lot of thing . helen - I miss you . no response from Julie . helen see that the feel be not mutual . helen - yeah . well . she get out of the car and Julie drive away without say a word . int . - helen house - helen walk into the live room and see she father sit watch tv . helen - hey dad . her father be too wrap up in the ball game to notice he daughter . she walk into the kitchen and pour a glass of diet coke while the killer be sneaking in the front door and work he way up the stair . helen finish she drink and go up to she bedrooom just in time to miss see who just go up before she . she get to she room but no one be there . she change into she night clothes and look at the crown that she will have to give back the next day . suddenly a hand be move towards she and touch she on the arm , she jump and turn around , it 's elsa . elsa - hey be the wash up , dry out , have - be have a moment ? helen - what do you want ? elsa - we be do inventory at the store tomorrow and I need you there by ten . helen sit on she bed brush she hair . helen - I can not , I be in the parade tomorrow . elsa - well dad put I in charge of the store and I want you there by ten . helen - the outgo queen have to ride in the parade prior to the padgent , it 's tradition , there 's nothing I can do about it . elsa - you and you hair , it 's so pathetic . helen - you can leave now . elsa - so very pathetic ... she say while shutting the door . helen get in bed and shut the light out . int . - helen bedroom --- helen be just waking up . she feel she crown on she head and begin to take it off , bunch of she hair come off with it . she start to freak out and run to the mirror and see the word " soon " write in bold letter on it and she scream loudly and smashes the mirror . int . - july house --- Julie pick up a ringing telephone . Julie - hello ? short pause . Julie - oh my god . she run out of the house and jumop in she car and take off . in the car she hear a noise come from the back seat , there be nothing there , she stop the car and open the trunk and see the rotting corpse of Max be eat by crab , he be wear barrys jacket . she scream and slam the trunk think what to do and then take off run . int . - helen bedroom --- Barry be comforting helen after she hellish ordeal . Julie run in the room . ext . - july car --- Barry , helen and Julie be walk towards the car . Barry - be you sure he be dead ? Julie - do not ask I that again , he be dead okay ? I see he with this ... with this crab . Julie pass the key to Barry . Julie - you do it . Barry open the trunk and see that it be empty and very clean look . Julie be upset . Julie - no do not , do not even , he be there god dammit and he be wear you jacket Barry . Barry - where would he go ? do the crab carry he away ? Julie - I swear to god . helen - I believe you Julie . Julie - he take the body , he come and he take the body . Barry - why would he do that ? Julie - I do not know Barry okay ? why would he try to run you over ? why would he make coleslaw in helen head ? he 's fuck with we . Barry - come on Julie let 's go back to the house ? Julie - where 's you jacket Barry ? do not you see ? he 's get we now , okay this be exactly what he want , we can not go to the police , not now , he 's make sure of that . he 's just out there and he 's watch we and wait . she turn and look around and start scream ... Julie - what be you wait for huh ? what be you wait for ???? ext . - helen house --- the three be walk towards the house and Ray be walk towards they . Julie - what be you do here ? Ray - I have be look everywhere for you guy . Barry - you be gonna die . Barry walk up and punch Ray in the face with he fist which be still in a cast . Julie - hey , hey stop it . Ray - what be you go ? Julie - stop it . Ray - I do not do anything . Barry - you be fuck lie . he 's lie . Julie - leave he alone Barry , get a grip . Barry - no wake up Julie , he 's behind this . how many fuck up fisherman be out there ? Ray - look , he 's after I too . I get a letter . Barry - oh you get a letter ? I get run over . helen get she hair chop off . Julie get a body in a trunk and you get a letter ?? that 's balanced ? Ray - what body ? what be you talk about ? Barry - Drop the act . you kill Max , you take my jacket . Ray - Max be dead ? Barry - what be it with you Ray ? you be dogging we from the start be not you ? always want to be we friend , always want to be one of we but you be too fuck jealous to handle it Ray - fuck you ! Julie - stop it ! look , we have to stick togeather alright ? we have to help each other . Barry - okay so if it 's not fisherboy here then who be it and how do we find he ? Julie - we think he name be billy Blue . Ray - how do you know that ? helen - missy , say there be a friend name billy Blue . Julie - who probably go to school with David egan so accord to sis that would make he class of ' 92 . helen - elsa be class of ' 92 . maybe there 's something in she yearbook . int . - helen bedroom --- they be all look through the yearbook at David egan picture . Ray - so that 's he huh ? hard to believe that 's the guy . Barry - yeah he face be not splatter all over the road dumbass . maybe Blue 's not he real name . Julie - that 's right , he could have easily lie to missy , we do . helen - maybe we should bring the yearbook to missy , if she have it in front of she ... Julie - ... she could point he out . Ray - I be not go anywhere . High school mugshot , what ??? Julie - I will go , you have get that parade today . helen - forget it . Julie - no you need to be there in case he show up . helen - I do not want he to show up . Julie - helen this could be we chance , we could catch he . I will go to missy , Barry you go to the parade with helen and do not let she out of you sight , if he show up ... Barry - I will pound he ass . Ray - listen to yourselves , you sound like a bunch of vigulanty . Julie - it 's july 4th Ray . okay ? this be he day . whatever he 's plan in go to happend today unless we stop he . Ray - come on Julie , do not you see ? it 's that moment where we have to make a decision , let 's make the right one this time . Julie - I be not interested in what 's right anymore Ray I wanna do what 's smart . Ray - then let 's get the hell out of here , we can leave town , disapear . Julie - I have already disapear , okay ? now I want my life back . look we have to face this , what 's it gonna be Ray ? ext . - the parade --- helen be riding the float and Barry be sit on the side . both of they be look all over the place for the man in the slicker . helen see a man in a black slicker and yell to Barry . helen - Barry . Barry ! over there .! Barry look over and see the man in the slicker walk away . Barry chase he scream at people to move and get out of the way untill he finally tackle the man to the ground and remove the hat . it 's a old man who look like Barry have give he a heartattack . Barry - shit ! where the hell be he ? ext . - missy house - Julie be just pull into the driveway . she get out and knock on the door . Julie - missy ???? hello ???? she start to walk around the house to look for missy when she see missy come at she with a knife . Julie - please ! missy ? missy do you remember I from the other day ? you know the car trouble ? missy - what be you do here ? ext . - the parade --- helen be on she float look around try to find Barry , she look up and see a man stand on a building look at she , he be wear a slicker and he pull he big hook , it 's the killer . helen be scared . ext . - missy house --- missy and Julie be talk out by a old shed . missy be cut up some rotten look fish . Julie - please we need to talk . I need to find you brother friend billy Blue , I need to talk to he and I be think that maybe you could look through this yearbook ? missy - now what 's this all about ? Julie - well it 's too crazy to explain but it have to do with you brother and last july 4th . missy - what about it ? Julie - what happen to you brother be not a acident , there 's more to it than that . missy - I know . Julie - you know what ? missy - well he kill himself . Julie - he what ? missy - yeah he go up there to die that night that 's where susie die . see the whole town blamm he for she death so he blamm himself . Julie - but how do you know it be a suicide ? missy - he leave a note . missy walk over to the decaye tool shed and get out the note . missy - I have to keep this hide from the insurance company cause they would not pay I the money if it be suicide . that do not much matter anymore cause the money 's be spend . that 's it . she pass the note to Julie which say " I will never forget last summer " . Julie - this be not a suicide note . this be a death threat . missy - what be you ... what be you talk about ? Julie - you brother do not kill himself missy , I see he , I be there and whoever send this be there too . missy - what do you mean you see he ? where ? where do you see he ? Julie - he be crossing the road , we hit he , it be a accident . missy - no ! my brother drown . Julie - I see he , he have susie tattooe on he arm . missy - tattoo ? he do not have a tattoo on he arm . Julie - I see it on he right forearm . missy be get upset at what Julie be say . missy - you do not seeanything , get out of here . get out of my house . missy put the letter away and disapear . Julie - oh my god , it be not you brother . int . - croaker Queen stage --- the crew be set the stage up get ready for the event . Barry and helen be backstage , she be upset at have just see the killer . Barry be try to comfort she . Barry - stay calm . I will be up in the balcony . helen - he have a hook Barry . I see it , it be a big huge hook . Barry - everything 's gonna be alright . I be not gonna let anything happen to you . cut to --- a little while later --- the contest have start . everyone be on stage . mc - very nicley do lady . and now let 's meet last year winner , miss helen shiver . helen walk out to a cheer crowd , she look up in the balcony focus on Barry . a girl be very horribly sing a very horrible song . helen laugh and look up at Barry who be also laugh . she look back at the girl then back up at Barry to see the killer come up behind he and pull he back . helen go crazy , she start scream and run towards the balcony but the crowd be in a uproar and she can not get through . a cop stop she . and the killer be slashing Barry to death with he hook . helen - help he . please . barry !!! cop - Excuse I . what 's the problem ?? helen - help he he 's gonna kill he . cop - who 's kill who ? helen - up in the balcony . cop - okay everybody stay calm . helen - get off of I ! there be a lot of commotion go on and everyone be talk over each other . helen follow the cop up into the balcony . cop - mame stay behind I okay ? they look around but find no one or no trace that anyone have ever be there . cop - there 's nobody up here . I gotta tell ya , this be really not my idea of a funny joke . helen - he be here . cop - who ? who be here ? helen - the fisherman , he kill Barry . cop - Barry who ? who be we talk about ? there 's nobody up here , come on let 's go back downstairs , come one , come on , there 's nobody up here . as they be walk dowstair they do not see the blood drip from the edge of the balcony . after the croaker queen contest helen be still sit there look at the floor . almost everyone have leave , the cop come up to she . cop - mame , I be gonna take you home , you parent be really worried about you . helen - you have to believe I . cop - why do not you let I take you home okay ? she get up to leave with he and the mc grab at she crown . mc - Excuse I , we will be need this . int . - july house --- Julie be on she computer look for article on susie Willis . ext . - Police car --- cop be drive helen home . cop - so then he kill he with a fish hook ? helen - yes . cop - do this fisherman guy use the same hook to cut all you hair off ? helen - no , he use scissors asshole . look , okay I know I sound delusional but it 's true . cop - yeah I have hear this story before except the way I hear it it be not a fisherman , it be a escape mental patient and he have a hook for a hand . we be gonna have to take the alley . helen - look , you little shitstick mayberry ass regect , there 's be a murder and you be gonna fry in hell if you ignore it . cop - alright , I will tell you what I will do , okay I will contact Barry 's parent and put out a search for he alright ? he be probably just play a prank on you . the cop see a man stand under the hood of he car . cop - oh jesus , listen I be just gonna be a minute alright , I be gonna see if this guy need help . he get out of the car and walk over to the man . helen can tell who it be . helen - that 's he . cop - what 's the trouble ? helen start yell to the cop . helen - that 's he , behind you , behind you ! the cop turn back to the man who then stick he hook in the cop stomach , blood run from the cop mouth . helen scream , she try to get out but she be in the back which be lock from the outside , the killer start come towards the car , she kick the glass out of the window and crawl out and start run , he be follow she . int . - july House --- Julie be still look at article about susie Willis on the internet . she be read outloud . Julie - susie Willis kill , trap in car , driver unharme , survive by she father , Benjamin , a local fisherman . with that , Julie run out the door . ext . - on the street --- the killer be still chase helen , she see the store that she family own , elsa be inside close up for the night . helen run towards the store scream for elsa . helen - elsa , elsa , OPEN the door , elsa , OPEN the door , please , jesus christ hurry . elsa be slow in get to the door , she finish put plastic over some item and then go to get the key . helen - elsa what be you go ? elsa , please , OPEN the door , jesus christ now ! elsa - I be come helen - elsa , elsa , please . elsa finally open the door , helen run in and slam the door behind she . elsa - you could have walk around the arch Tree entrance it 's open . helen - I be be attack . elsa - you be what ? they look outside and see no one . helen - lock the other door , I will call the police . elsa - what be go on ? helen - just do what I say god dammit . helen run upstairs to use the phone , elsa go to the back entrance to lock the door . the door be swinging shut just before she walk in , she begin to lock it when she see a reflection in the door , she turn around to see the man in a slicker stand look at she with he face cover , she can not move or speak . his reflection pass through she glass and she scream as the large hook slashes she throat . helen hear the scream and hang up the phone slowly move down the stair . helen - elsa ? elsa ? elsa where be you ? no response , she get paranoid and tunr around look closley at a mannequin that be cover in plastic , it be very silent then all of the sudden he jump out from under the plastic and tackle she to the ground , she escape and run up the stair , she pass by the bathroom and see elsa dead lay on the floor , she scream and keep run and hop onto a old hand operate elevator , the killer be follow she , she get on the elevator and start pull the rope , he can not get on it but he swing he hook at she leg , she finally get up to the attic and the killer have use the stair and be also up there , she run over to the edge of a window , he come for she , she jump out landing in a dumpster full of wood and other garbage . in a daze she look up to the window and see the killer be go . she take off run down the street , through alley to try and find someone who can help she , firework go off and she see that the parade be still go on , she run towards they and hear a noise , she turn around and there be nothing , she turn back towards the parade , the killer be stand behind she , he grab she and throw she into a stack of tire and he slashes she to death . ext . - on the street --- Julie be look for she friend and see the boat Ray work on , she run towards the boat . Julie - Ray ? Ray ? Ray ? Ray head pop up from below the boat . Ray - Julie , what be you do here ? Julie - we do not kill David egan , it be someone else on the road that night . Ray - what be you talk about ? Julie - I think it be susy father , Ben Willis , he 's a fisherman . Ray - but they find david body in the water . Julie - yeah I know but I think Ben Willis kill David egan . Ray - wait a second . you think this Willis guy kill David then we kill he ? Julie - yeah but what if he do not die Ray ? what if he 's still alive ? Ray - this be crazy . come aboard . come inside . Julie - no we have gotta find helen and Barry . Ray - we will , we will . he hold out he hand and she reach for it and see the name of he boat be " billy Blue " . she pull she hand back . Julie - you . oh my god it 's you . Ray - what be you talk about ? Julie - billy Blue . you go to missy , you , you the friend , you the fisherman . she run faster than she have ever run in she life , Ray yell behind she . Ray - I can explain ... Julie wait , Julie . he be run in back of she , she run into a lock door . Julie - shit. Ray - wait . Julie - stop it . he keep chase she when all of the sudden a man stick he arm out send Ray to the ground . Julie scream . Julie - oh , oh please help I please . man - East child . Julie - please I need to call the police . Ray start to get up . man - on the boat , inside , hurry . she run onto the boat , the man leave Ray on the ground and walk onto the boat too , he remove the anchor . Julie look around and see picture of herslef and she three friend all over the place . the man walk in . man - you in some kind of trouble child ? Julie - yes , yeah I be in a lot of trouble . the man flip a silver medallion that say " I Love you " . man - that 's a shame , be it 's forth of july and all . kid like you should be out have fun , drink , party , run people over , get away with murder , thing like that . a shocked look come over july face , what be go on ? Julie - you ? Ben Willis ? man - good , I see you have be do you homework too . she run out the door look for somewhere to go . he follow she back and forth play cat and mouse . Ray have get up , he be look at the boat that have start drift from shore . Julie find a gun use to signal for help in case of emergancy , he be steering the boat now and jive it send the signal gun over the edge . they have a state- down then he come after she . she crawl down a cubbyhole below deck that be cover by a mesh grate , she pull down on it from below as he be try to pull it open with he hook . Ray be now climb over the side of the boat and come face to face with Ben . Ben - welcome aboard Ray . he move he hook through the air tauntint Ray with it then start swinging it at he . Julie be below deck still look for a way to get out , she clib up a ladder and see Ben and Ray fight , she scream to Ray , he turn he head and Ben hit he with he hook which send he fly off the voat into the water , he be drag along underwater hold onto a net . Julie run down below again , Ben be follow she , she shut the door and block it with a oil drum . Ben - open the door Julie . you get no place to hide she be look for somewhere to go , she open up a shut door , it be hard to open so she use she shirt , she get it open and ice spill out , she crawl in and start push more ice down so Ben can not get in . she break apart a crate fill with ice , the body of helen come fall down with the ice , Julie scream and move over and feel something , she move she hand and barrys freeze face and underneath of it , she scream again . Ray have make he way back onto the boat . Ben open a trap door and he be look down at Julie who scream in terror . Ray be watch what Ben do , wait for the right moment to pounce . Ray then swing down a big hook attach to a rope which hit Ben in the face throw he to the ground . Ray run over and look down at Julie . Julie scream expect it to be Ben . Ray - come on Julie . Julie - Ray . he stick he hand out and pull she out of the ice pit . Ben jump up , Julie scream , Ben knock Ray to the ground . Ben - happy fourth of july Julie . Julie - please , it be a accident . Ben - I know all about accident and let I give you some advice , when you leave a man for dead , make sure he 's really dead . he then stick he hand up in the air which be hold the hook , he be ready to slash Julie with it when all of the sudden he hand get catch in a rope , Ray see this and hit something which pull Ben up into the air and hand get chop off in the pully , he fall halfway down again and the rope catch which then send he fly off into the cold ocean . ext . - wharf --- Julie and Ray and a bunch of police and doctor be around . Ray and Julie be hugging . the ordeal be over . Julie - we never kill anyone , this whole year be fake . Ray - I know . the guilt be kill I , I have to know who he be , that 's why I go to see missy . I be sorry I do not tell you but I want you back , I could not lose you again . I love you Julie . no one get I the way you do . Julie - I understand you pain . the sheriff walk over . shreiff - do you have any idea why this man would want you dead ? Julie and Ray - none . they have drag the ocean and be pull up what they have find . Operator - here it come . all that be in the net be ben hand with the hook still in it . sheriff - ah do not worry , the body will turn up , they usually do . one year later ext . - july College --- people be walk around outside . int . - womens locker room --- Julie be on the phone with Ray . Julie - yeah well I make the dean list . thank you very much . I know I miss you too but I be go to see you in a couple week , god I can not wait , I love New York . no of course I love you more .... yes I do , I love you and you know that but you know what ? I have get to take a shower or I be gonna be late . july roommate Deb be outside the shower . Deb - hey Julie you get some mail . Julie - oh thanks Deb . back to the phone Julie - ... a towel . Ray do not you start with I , you mister can ravage I in two week . yes I love you too . okay bye . she hang up the phone and go out to get she mail , a look of terror cross she face , a plain envelope with she name write on it in bold letter . she look around then open the letter that say " kbr pool party " she smile and go back to the shower , walk through the steam she see write on the shower door " I still know " . she look around and see nothing , she turn back to the shower door and something black jump out at she . the end ============================================================================== cast : Julie James : Jennifer Love hewitt helen shiver : Sarah Michelle gellar Barry Cox : Ryan phillippe Ray bronson : freddie prinze Jr. missy egan : Anne heche Ben Willis : muse Watson elsa shiver : bridgette Wilson Max : johnny galecki directed by : Jim gillespie transcribe by : Ryan Smith ( 1998 ) all movie script and screenplays on '' screenplay for you site be intend for fair use only .