a x eee ppt st Lee this be the stage play upon which " casablanca " be _ |base . evervrody come to_ rick's eves lave by : murray burnett and joan alison '' wharton & gabel , will ' lest 42nd Street , New York , New York . LA 4-8335 . — — cast of character ( in order of they appearance ) Richard blaine ( Rick ) the rabbit ( Sam ) guillermo ugarte Arthur , a walter forrester - Smith Luis rinaldo yvonne french Officer italian Officer senor martinez Captain heinrich strasser lois meredith Victor laszlo annina viereck Jan viereck gendarme and officer , waiter , and guest scene EI act g the bar of Rick 's Cafe . summer evening , 1941 , acr__ two scene i : the same . the next morning . scene 2 : the same . that evening . act __teree the same . the follow night . everybody come to rick be ' act one scene : act one the bar of rick's cafe , casablanca , french Morocco , 1941 . about eleven o'clock of a summer 's evening . this be the bar of a ex - pensive and chic night club which definitely possess a impalpable air of sophistication and intrigue . there 1s a hectic excitement about the people and the entertainer that manifest itself in speech and manner , at rear Centre , be double swinging door , cover with emerald green tufte leather , lead to the street . running from rear wall to L , side wall be a semi-circular bar , in green tufte leather , wall behind bar be crystal , shelve for bottle . in front be bar stool , leather top , behind the bar , along L , wall , be a flight éf step . this can be reach only by go ! behind the bar , along L. wall Centre , be a door lead to the gambling and dance room , from which , at intervel , burst of music and voice can be hear this increase in volume whonever the door be open . at L , front , be a table at which a man in tuxedo with white summer jacket 1s seat , furthe : front be another table mark " reserve : along R. wall , set into it , ere three table and a number of seat . at ex - treme R. corner , 1s a small piano on wheel , salmon color , ornate , and eye fill . there be a negro on a stool before it . the wall be decorate with rare tropical bird , flamingoe , etc . and huge ralm frond , the place be full of people , at bar and table in evening dress and uniform . people enter head for the bar , some seck admittance to the game room , but only efter they have be silently anprove by the han sit at the table nearest the L. door , he be rick , a american of indeterminate ace , there be a drink before he , untouched . the kegro , in bricht blue slack and snort shirt , open at the throat , touch the key of the 1 - 2 piano softly , play stardust , take liberty with 1t . there ts a hum of voice , chatter , laughter . the negro , whose sleeve be short , have one arm completely covercdty bracelet extend from wrist to elbow . the door onen , and a mah in a beautifully cut , tropical evening suit with 's cummerband , enter , ee be about forty , distinguished , with a comforting aura of solidity end dignity about he . the negro suddeniy burst into wild sing , the man look sround , nod to several neople . he then come directly to the reserve table , look questioningly at rick , who nod . he sit , and irmediately a ' taiter bring @ macnum of champecne in a cooler , he snezk to the '' aiter , who nod and ley two other place . the negro be 2 ley just loud enouah for the audience to hear , his play soften , and he start to improvise . the man lean towards Rick . ugerte join I , senor ? Rick no , thanks , ugarte . you know my rule . ugearte _ ( bow slightly ) ah , yes , but I thouzht you might make a exception . ( ke wit for a enswer , rick be s4loent ) you sce , I shell be leave casablanca , senor . rieck a pity . ugarto they you will join I ? Rick no , thanks , ( the '' aiter open the bottle and pour chammagne into a lass} ugarte ( liftine he glass ) to senor Rick .... the man who imow everything about every one in Morocco , and of whom Morocco know «enothin- . ( he dri '' rick barely acknowledze the toas : ( the bartender get the attention of a waiter and talk to he . the '' aiter come to Rick 's tablo and talk enrnestly for a morent . , ricn listen without turn he head , hold out he hand . the walter give he some card , and whet might be a nassport . ric ! scrutinize this for a minute , shake bis heed neratively . the water sneak asain , agein rick be - ~ fuse , with a air of finality ) ( the waiven return to the bar ) eh ( gesture with he thumb down ) senor ? # I Rick curfosity be bad business in horoceo , usarte . uzarte it be my business , senor , but efter tonicht .. ey ( le pause impressively ) Rick ugarte ... I hear vou sey you be leave before . i! aa rather not huar about it , ( hile this hee be toine on , the waiter have return to the ber , and the refusal have be relaycd to a stovt , ved -frce gentleman , very british , in tieed . ie be obviously cn-ry , and stride rcross the room to hick , after hickt teble have beeu point out to he ) verrte ( with rise inflection ) perhan if yeu ... porrester - Smith fow , look here ! I have be to avery serblin - roam beteren honolulu and caleutt , and ou think thet I be coin to bc kent ovt of a bleady dive 1 ithout roin to the authority , you be very euch take , sir . riek ( not risin - , commictely undex control , look : dircetly un at smith} find you have leave rubber choel :e to every teambline rlre bet fonolulu and caleutt . you money 's sood not the ben , forrester - Smith whyeeeswhat..cit 's anese Rick ( quietly ) . no dice , feller . you be lucky the bar 's still open to you . ( forrester-snith stare at he , speechless , walk back to the bar ) ugarte watch you just now , one would think thet you have be do this all you life , Rick ( stiffening ) what make you think I have not ? usgarte ( vaguely ) when you first eame , I think ... Rick fr ( cold1y ) . yes ? ugarte and now I suppose you be go to tell I thet it be bad business to think in Morocco . Rick ( lean tovard urarte ) would you like I to tell you what = do in Rio before you @iscovercd there be 2 fortune be make sell exit visa in casablance , ugarta ( laugh ) ah , no , senor Rick . you can not frighten I ... you forget ... it be leave . Rick you do not let I forget it . ( he rise ) and now if you will prrdon I .... ugarte ( put out a restrain hand ) not yet . I they in a mood to make confidence , even though I know how much you dislike confidence , senor . {rick shrug and seate himself ) Rick what 1s it with you tonight , urerte ? if you vant sorething from Fe .... come out with it . / vzaw ue it be very simole , senor , I want you to listen to I , for two year now , I have be sell exit vise . Rick 7 iat not news . ugarte dnd you have be watchine I .... and desnisinz I , Rick so ? ugerte you know something ebout enurone , sénor , ' you hrve ecen this refugee , they may have everythinrc ... money , nvermission to enter the United States or South America , and yet they can not leave . why ? Rick do you have to go through all this ? ugarte it insist . they necdcxit visa from the country thet they wish to lcave , and they ere very difficult to obtain . Rick and that 's where you come in , ugerte right , senor . just as the lowest animal have they reason for existine ... so have I . I supply this poor peonle with the necessary cxit visa . Rick for a price , usarte , for a rice . ugarte ( noddins ) and why not ? people pay well to gct out of eurone tddey , ( he tax envelope from '' nocket , tap it on he hand ) but until tonicht , no one have hed enoush noney to tet one of this . Rick a diamond studd oxit visa ? usarte no , something that not even 'w of trensit sien by marstell rescind or question , i heve ever scen , lettor feygend . they cannot be Rick you have get somethinz there . let I see they . egarue 7 2 in '' moment . I be save this for myself , but tonircht , with luck , I will sell they for more money then even I ever gream of , , , and that , my friend , will be my escanc from a risky business , and a nasty one . : Rick . now it 's a nasty business , you remind I of e@ pimp vho 's hed a windfall , when he quit , he 's so sorry for the girl . ugarte : you have you virtue , m'steur Rick , but a undorstand heart ts not one of they . however , despite you opinion of I , you be the only man in eurove whem I would trust with this , will you keep they for mo ? Rick for how long ? ugarte perhaps a hour , perhaps loncer , Rick { take they ) I do not want thom here overnight . : ugarte . no fear of that . ( he beckon to the waiter ) any messrge for I ? waiter no , mtsieur . ugerte iam exrectint sove nconle . , if enyone ask for I , I will bo inside . ( of Rick ) iwill make my further confidence to the roulette wheel . sometimes tt be 20 understeandin . { he bow , exit throuch door 1 ) woman at ber ( turn on stool ) we want the rabbit ! man at bre yes , the rebvit ! ia lib { various vert of the roon ) the rabbit ! bravo} yes , yes , come onl rebbit $ ( the negro at the nieno grin , wave he pene nlay louder , look at hick : who nod rabbit ~*~ whut you want to hear ? woman the rabbit song . ( there be annlause and enthustastic second - ing of the tide . the light dim and the negro wheel the piano out to the centre of the floor and start to play " run rabbit " , the audience imove the song and participate , for example , when he come to the pert , " bang , beng , bang , " the audience yell it , while he hide behind the piano . he dart out and continucs it , and when he come to " run , run , run , '' the audience make noisc on whatever be handy to imitate the sound of footstex . evoryone seem to be heve a mrrvslous time , the negro fe good rnd also scem to enjoy the song , «t the end they want more , and yell vocifcrously for cn encore , but the negro wheel the piano beck , smilingly and stert to play . they kcep anpalude and he hold F up he hend for stlence . they quiet down and the litht come on ) negro thar 's moro comin ' , hang around , folk , heng around . just now de old rabbit 1s tircd . , you folk can go in ond arnce or moybe ....e ( ee make 7 rasture imiteting people sheot erep . they lnurh . ue start to plsy softly aeein , during this last specch , the’ door open end derk , very handsome tail , with a mousteche and dress in 2 gorgcous full dress militery uniforr enter . he srile at the negro , and head urhositatinmly for Rick 's table ) rinaldo . good evening , ricky . Rick hello , rinaldo . ( luis rin : ldo pull out a chetr to Rick 's teble with the assure air of - man who know he 1s welcome and sit down ) rinaldo ricky , I be in love . Rick still or agnin ? rinaldo again , ond I hopo it will be ogoin and ogrin and egoin , icky , she be . , ( Ho rope for word , gesture ) beautiful , naturally . ( there be a short silence . rinalco make & gesture of despair ) rinaléo ricky , ricky , I will never understand you . you be inhuman , incredible , you do note..or ... you do not exist ! Rick ( take from he cost pocket a unusual , large wooden key on a attractive loop , ang twirling it idly ) all right , Luis . what 's she name ? rinaldo sut of courss , I ao not know . Rick of course . rinaldo I see she for the first time this afternoon . she be like a painting , a symphony , a poem . that be why I be here . Rick you make a appointment . k kineldo but of course note she be not the type of woman you cane . ( fie whistle ) like that . this be '' cumcaign , ricky . she be almost virginal in she beauty , but she will be hers , and from now on the prefect of Police will haunt you bar . Rick what make you so sure she will come ? rinuldo she 1s a strenger ... a refugee ... on she wey to , america with | she husband , a bird of passag .... and everybody come to rick . Rick you know , Luis , I ... + e rinaldo say 1t , my friend , say it . Rick why do you have to pick this kid ? there be plenty of good look sophisticated woman around here who know what it 's all about , youcese rinaldo pour le sport , ricky , pour le sport . there be something that attract I about this unawakensc girl , something thut challengeseesand after ait , what 15 vg orm , Rick remember liuti .... the little girl who jump out of the window ? rinaldo ' she be a fool . Rick maybe , but for still .... rinaldo they be buy something ..- they must pay for it ... and what a pleasant way of pay ! Rick forget it . you be incorrigible . waiter ( who have approach though table ) pardon , m'sieu , but the people at tuble five would like you t¢ join they . Rick ( without look up ) ? tell they . , .. : walter ( apologetically ) I aaid thet you never drink with the guest . but they spend so much mmoneyeeee ( he spread he hend in of gesture of untola wealth ) and the lady ... she say that you fascinate ner . rinaldo ( deliberately twist sround to stare ) ah , a lady . Rick tell they , I be sorry . . ( the waiter bow , leave , go over toa party sit at a table on the opposite side to make explanation ) rineldo if my ledy of the afternoon coma , you will chango you mind . Rick do not forget I have see other of you ' lady of the afternoon ! rinaldo and Rick ( speak together ) but this one ig differ.ee. ( they laugh ) rinaldo but I do not come here tonight just to discuss woman . Rick what could be more interesting to you ? rinaldo : ( very seriously ) Victor laszlo . Rick in casablanca ? rinaldo he ise and that 's what I want to talk to you about . Rick why I ? rinaldo that will give you some idea of he importance ... when I speak to you ebout he . Rick , there be a lot of exit visa sell in 's cafe . that be fine . ' ys know about they , and we know that you have never sell they . that be one of the rea - son we permit you to remain open . Rick that 's very decent of you . '' rinaldo do not joke . laszlo be prepare to offer a fortune to any - one who can furnish he with a visa , and in case you mignt pe bempt , ricky ... i want to tell you that he must stay ere Rick of course this fortune offer no temptation for you . rinaldo none whatever . Rick . it will be interesting to see how he manage . rinaldo manage what ? Rick his escape , - rinaldo ( expostulate ) but I just tell you ... Rick ( calmly interrupt ) I be not a chila , Luis . this be no sudden interest that have C Rick ( cont ) be take in laszlo . in order to get here , he must have take the refugee trail . I know that he be in Paris , and from Paris to warseille , from marseille to oran , from oran to casablanca be a long , long , way ... and they must have be after he every step of it . rinaldo we do not care about the way he come . ' ie be go to ses that he stay . : Rick eow about a wager ? rinaldo if it 's reasonable . : Rick five thousand francs he reachss Lisbon . rinaldo Lone . no matter how clever . he be ...he still need a exit visa , or I should say , two . Rick £ why , two ? . . rinaldo he be travel with a lady . Rick he will take one . rinaldo I think not . I have see the lady Rick no one can keep he here , rinaldo : you have not see this woman , and if he do not leave she in marseille , nor in oran , he will not leave she in casa« blanca . Rick perhaps he be not as romantic as you . rinalco it do not matter ... one or two ..s.romanticist or note . scethere be no exit visa for he . Rick you be certainly determine about that , Luis . rinaldo I have have my order , Rick I see . gestapo spank , eh? 1- 12 rinaldo ( sitting back and select a cigarette from a magnificently jewele case ) sometimes you talk like you countryman reporter Rick . you over-estimate the influence of the gestapo . we qe hot intere fere with they , and they do not interfere with ts.me Rick sorry . it be easy to understand why the gestapo be inter= est in laszlo , but I do not see where the french police come in . rinaldo it be not necessary for you to see , Rick . would you be sure prise to know that the french police be interested aven in you ? yes , my friend , you and we pigeon . ( he take a ttle black book from he pocket , open it , ana riffle through the page ah , here you be . Richard blaine , american . Age ( here I shall be discreet ) formerly @ prominent ana successful attorney in Paris . married to the daughter of Alexander kirby . two child . Left Paris in 1957 because ... ( at this point rick stiffen , and make a almost threaten gesture . rinallo look at he slyly } co , we will pass over that . you wife obtain she divorce in reno , in 1939 and have custody of the child . ( he pause ) shall I go on ? # Rick lo not bother . rinaldo of course , ricky , where my friend ere concerned , this be only a matter of routine . Rick ( lift he glass ) to we continue friendship -( they drink ) rinaldo ( put down he glass , speculatively ) now if it be the lady ... I might ... Rick you would " make you heaven in a lady 's lap . " rinalao you have yet to sea here Rick I do not have to . ( Za mimick rinaldo 's word and gesture earlier in the scene ) she be ...er.. , beautiful . 1- 15 rinaldo ( sharply ) I teil you that this woman be one a man might well lose he soul for . ( while they be drink they toast to friendship , a strike look blonde enter . she be the worse for drink , but manage to walk fairly steadily to Rick 's table in time to overhear the last word . she reach for the key in Rick 's hand . he withdraw it . she slip into a seat } yvonne Rick have no soul . : rinaldo ( smoothly ) just what I be say , Madame . yvonne but het nice to sleep with . rinaldo I would not know , Madame . — ; yvonne you want to know something ? I love Rick , Rick do not love mee rinaldo Love be like that . I will have a arink st though bar . Rick do not go , Luis , yvonne you see ? he 's afraid to be alone with I . rinaldo iam sure you be mistaken . Rick 19 & man of - great courage . tae get up and walk to the bar ) Rick I would offer you a drink , but you seem to have have enough . yvonne you be angry ' cause I be a little high . Rick angry ? not at all . ¥vonne then kiss I . Rick I will do better than that . yvonne oh , ricky ! Rick ( reaches out and take she elton ) itm go to take you rigit out to you car . yvonne ( pull she arm away ) oh , no , you do not . you do that the last time , so I send it back tonight . Rick that 's fine . wow you can have you choice . hither I seud you back in my car , or you walk . yvonne ( with drunken stubbornness ) no. I be go to stay hare Rick ( gesture to a waiter , who approach ) a special , yvonne you go to buy I a drink ? Rick for yes. . : yvonne that 's nice . you know I hed to bs drunk to come hero , and now I be go to stay drunk . good old kicky . ( the waiter return with a reddish urinic . yvonne raise though glass to she lip , abruptly put it down ) this be no arink ! Rick it 's what you need . yvonne why be you such a louse , ricky ? Rick if you want I to talk to you ... drink it . yvonne if I do , then you will let mo stay ? : Rick for a little while . yvonne ( drink , grimace ) see ? I 'ma good sirl . Rick sure you ere . 1- 15 yvonne ( who have be sober , and continue to do go , until , at the end of this scene she be completely sober ) but not good enough for yous Rick foo good for I , and too nice to come here alone . yvonne then how be I go to see you ? Rick you be note ¥vonne ( a little wearily ) some day I be go to write a book about man . the kind you like , ricky . wo slush . just about man , the way thoy arc . before ... and after . - Rick and I will buy the first copye be ¥vonne . sure you will , that 's what 's nice about you , Rick . you have all the generous instinct of a saloon keeper . ( she laugh harshly ) God , what a sucker I be ! Little yvonne come to Europe with a show and marry a swoll guy , but have not sense enough to stay in she own back yara . instecd , I have to go and fall lop gee eheeegeeodeespunk like you . Rick now look , yvonne . befor we start that . you be over twenty = one and you know damn well whet you be do . I never pre= tend this be anything more than it be . . y¥vonne what be it ?- Rick : two people who be bored ... and lonely ... and attract . y¥vonne I get it . and now you be bored again . ( there be a short silence as rick make no reply to she last line } qeke thanks for the drink . { she get up and exit through the swinging door . rick watch she go with a wry smile on he face , tihile the last few line of dialogue be be speak a officer in a italian uniform , and a french officer have be in a heatea argument with gesture . after yvonne leave , the officer move away from 1 - 16 french Officer ( cont ) the bar , but before he can reach thom , rick , who be out of he sest instanteously and smoothly , grasp the frenchlan by the - arm in a jiujitsu grip and propel he rapialy to the door ) attendez un moment . je vous explique ..s Rick on you way , soldier . ( 4 waiter and rinallo be help the italian officer to he foot . rick come back and atand before they . to the italian ) you , too . outside . ( the officer exit slowly , and there be a low , criticsl grumble from the patron . the uniform man mave , dangerously restless . rinallo tuke a small , silver whistle from he pocket . rick hold up he hand , stand erect in the centre of the room ) lady and gentleman . { the place quiet , listen ) : . this be a place of entertsinment . ' hon you come here you leave you political opinion behind . that 's where they belong , anyway . ( there be a ripple of laughter ) while you be hera £ 11 do everything I can to make you stay pleasant but ... thorea be no var . ( cheer end shout of approval ) you come to forget it . forget it ! ( the tension hes break . rick turn to he table . rinallo catch sight of a man , not in uniform , and in street clothes , enter ) rinaldo ( Calling ) misieu martinez . ( rick have almost reuch he table ) martinez ( see rinaldo ) ah , Captain . good evening . I be glad rou ere here . . rinaldo but I say I would be . ( he take kantinez by the arm , and steer he towards Rick 's table ) ricky . ( rick look up as ho 1a sit down and wave they over , they epprosch and seat themselves ) ip , 2 a se 1 - 17 seag rf sap mte 2. , , rinaldo ey tee , of -' martinez . q '' ing '' setion ) : " ang for 81 z 22d he own the blue parrot . ° 9 : teas ? att , cun aee tng '' ts the youtve get a good spot there . z ry * seno , ondy x 462 , ck in ? pst. .» but we do not blame you for , ou ang en 3 with this , 2a peta , '' tein , &k ag 4 ps foy ' loy rlep rick order ) on , t eo " 81g6 martinez ap " ting pang aver get homesicke ez ~ *o Joy Rick sly lo for torn rinaldo bot pert a 4 . for the key to he room . . 270 ; ft ? '' I 2 martinez tlo , xen , . noe on fou Rick . er to the parrot ? hartinez should never complain , but I be dissatisfied . onn th rinaldo '' lop there more often , carlos , then there would be t 4 die , naturally , ond business would be better . tg 0 ron > 's ae oy : martinez tty ne hot . I need a larger place . Rick you build a addition ? martinez rather move . sd , " 8 thay rinaldo ah «th it , carle , out with it , hiartinez ( smiling wryly ) % vt. tain rinaldo ig always a very impatient man . the truth 2 no 's senor , I want to buy you cafe . Rick -t 's not for sale , 1 - 18 martinez you aave not hear my offer , Rick it 's not for sale ... at any price , . rinaldo see , carlos , whet do I tell you Rick be the only foreigner know who go not want to leave , martinez . you will not change you mind , senor ? you be certain ? positive , mertineg if you do hat wish to sell , perhaps you might consider part . ing with a entertainer , Rick that 's up the the entertainer , martinez I have think of the rabbit , lo you give I you permission to speak with hin , nisteu , i Rick certainly , ( he deckon to the rabbit , the negro come over to the table ) San , senor hartinez hes a bpoposition for you , rabbit { to nertine ) yessuh ? hiartinez fow would fou like to work for I ? T own the blue parrot , Rick . Sam , ittg up to you . whatever you want ig ok. with n18 . rabbit ab like tt fine here , kertinez T would double whatever you make here , rabbit thank yuh , auh , but ah be not get ro time to spend whut ah make here , martinez all pight , sut tenember , you can always have &@ job vith I . 1- 19 rabbit yassuh . thank yuhe { he exit past the piano and out of the room into game room ) martinez he be very loyal . Rick : he 's be with I a long while -- have another drink . martinez thank you . ( he drink ) if you should ever change you mind about solling ... Rick you will be the first to knowe ( the door open . a young kan in german uniform enter . he be salute smartly by other Germans in the room . he be freshe facea , with a clear healthy complexion , : bright olue eye , and the typical cropped : head of the prussian . he walk easily and directly to the table ) officer ( with no trace of accent ) good evening , Captain . rinalao ( rising ) Captain strasser . ' jo not you sit down ? ( strasse2 look pointealy at Rick and martinez ) I forget you hac not meet . Rick , this be ceptain heinrich strasser , new attache to the german Consulate . Captain strasser , this be hick , the most celebratea cafe owner in casablanca , and senor wartinez , who be also the proprietor of a famous cafe . Rick will you join we ? strasser ( seating himself ) thank yous martinez I also have a business to attend to . Captain strasser , you must honor the blue parrot with a visit some night . ( he rise , prepare to leave ) Rick stay awhile . it 's early . nartinez not tonight , thank youe some other time . goodnight , gentlene , { he bow and oxit past the ber ) Rick ( to strasser ) cen I order something for you ? strasser ( piek up list ) : you will permit mese ( to the waiter ) ghowpagne ... and a tin of caviar ... very cold , , Rick ( of the weiter ) bring sone of nine strasscr ( to Rick ) that be theughtful of you . Rick : not at all , . strasser we be unaccustom to such consideration from un jnerican . rinaldo ( quickly ) Rick be wmlike any . merican you have ever meet , Captain . he be completely neutral . strasser so I have hoard . I understand you come here from peris in 37 . : Rick ( with ao slightly sour smile ) that seem to be no scercte strasser ( with a lightning glance at rinalzo ) I have alwuy be happy in peris . I htc hope to be sta - tion there , Rick a pity . stresser 4h . so you arc not ono of that people who cannot irxmino the germun in they bolove puris . Rick ohno , I can imagine anyone anywhere strasser how about London ? Rick yes . but first you have to get there , Captain . strasser most people do not think we be go to get to parise Rick only stupid pcoplo . strasser have I scid that I should have be accuse of intolerance . it wes not that they be stupid . they simply fail to realize the might of the german military uachine . Rick only partially , Captain . the french be careloss , and lazy , and they reap they reward . rinaldo for that 4s a little part of ricky 's philosophy , Captain . ~ everyone get what he deserve , och , Rick ? - Rick gonerelly . life usually balence the book . strasser you be very clever . who do you think will win the war ? Rick I have not the slight léca . inalco nor the slight intercst , Captain . strasser thet be almost suspicious . Rick be not it ? rinaldo now , ricky . ( then to strasser ) ceptein strasser , I assure you , Rick iseee . Rick Rick 1s a cafe owner . his political opinion do not inter - fere with the operation of this cafe , ' when they do , Captain strasscr , I shall be very glad to answer any question you may ask , rinaléco there be no one like Rick , you will find that to be so after you spend some tine in casablancas strasser I do not know how long I shall be here , I have come on a mission . rinaldo we shall have time to amuse ourselves . strasser no doubt , . ( turn to Rick ) I understand guillermo ugarte frequent you cafe , - Rick he come here ofton . strassor of course , you know what he business ia , Rick I have no idea ... nor a I particularly interested , rinaldo ( delightedly ) what do I tell you , Captain ! ' the soul of discretion . what a magnificent liar} for strassor . admirable . and now will will have though truth . be he hore now ? Rick I think so . strassor where ? Rick as for as I know , at the roulotte table , rinaldo I tell you that it wes all arrange , ceptain . let we drink . ( they drink . rick look questioningly at rinaldo , who , in turn , gicnce at strasser , the lattcr nod , thon rinaldo turn to Rick ) I have already tell you thut Victor luszio be horeese ( rick nod } we friend ugerte have decide to scll hin sone very valuable papers , although he be warn how we feel about thate Rick exit visa ? rinaldo ( hesitete ) eressyou might call then that , strasser it do not matter whet they sre . they be not to be delivercd , 1- 23 Rick I see , rinaldo we be wait for laszlo now . we expect that ugarte arrange to meet hir : hore , Rick so laszlo get cold deck , you be a fine fellow to bet with . : strasser he ts a cnorny of the Reich , Rick there aro othor , strasser you do not soor . to understand , Victor laszlo never cause publishing the foulest lie in he Prague newapapor until the very dey we march ine and even after , he continue to print scandal shoot in a cellur , rineldo one must udnit that he have great courage i strasser yes . he be clever , too . he nenage to escape fror : Prague just os we be close in , in Faris , he continue he activitics with though french press . we aliuest hide har there , but one again he slip threugh we hand und will lose all trice of hin until now ! : . rinzldo there will be no violution of though law ? stressor you neod not be conewrn . ' we shnll rake curtain that he go net leave wntil he hus return the fortune whien 1s rightfully ours ... the money he rude spread lics cbout the german governr :ont , rinaldo and the wear ? strasser she be of no inportance . Rick somehow I never associate laszlo with worione rinsido 4 #ssoclate all man with woran , riy friend , strasser you know hin ? Rick no . naturally , I have heerd of hin rinaldo and who have not ? strasser . what time do ugurte usuelly meet he ... er client ? ( he gglence at he wrist watch ) Rick I would not know . . ( at this point the door from the gome room open and ugarte emerge , he look crounc , see Rick , rinaldo and strasser , and start rapidly for the door , strascer leap up ) rinalco ( warningly ) everything . hes be take cere of , ceptain , ( he take the silver whistle from he pocket and blow it . ug. rte break into a rum at the sound of the whistle . two hokoccan policemen enter through the swinging door , ug . rte check and look : round desperately when he secs thet he ts trupped , sisser hes reach hin by this time . whon he see , stresser he sturt to screan , } - ugerte iwant a tricl . get mee lawyer , I go a --- ( str . asser be hand core over he nouth choke off though reminder of the sontenco . the policshen take hin by the urr , end as they do so , strasser be hand slip frox he nouth , as he 1s be dragccd to the cccr ) Rick ! Rick ! do not let then do this , ( the speech end in spluttore as he be drag out through the door . rick have rise , os have most of the people , he gocs to the piano , and wheel tt ont on the floor , sayinz something to a " . iter 1.3 he go this , Tho .. iter run offstage and return with the r.bbit ) rebbit ( sitting at the picno and play leudly and sing ) now I belicve . ( he shout ut the audience ) c'mon , folk , ( he start again ) now I bolicvas ( he wuit ond play the next phrase , thoro be a half heart response fror . the crowd ) 1 - 25 crowd now we believe rabbit ( grinning anc show he tooth as only a negro con . play louder and fester ) dat 's right . " now I believe , dat Old man mose 1s dead . " ( he continue through the rest of the song , the audience gradually forget and join - ing in vociferously , even seyly towards the end ) ( rick walk behind the par and slowly climb up the stair ) ( the song be finish , the swinging door open anc victor l.szlo , slender , small bone , intense look , with the face of a poet , enter . ye be forty . with hin be lois meredith , strikingly beautiful woran , a tall , .lissone brunette with startlingly blue eye and ivory complexion , she wear a ragnificent white gown , and a full length , cape of the sano fabric . her jewel be : fabulous , her beauty ane chic be such that peoplo turn to starce they be usherec to the first tablo , front , on the right . as they come past the piano , the rabbit see the wonan , he play break norentarily ) lois hello , Sam . rabbit whesec@eseetheoeshcllo , miss loise lois when you finish you might drop over to the table . rabbit yes , ma'one . ( they arc scate «t though table . rinaldo , who have watch with interest , walk over and bow . they nod , - greet hin , he sit down ) lois whot a pleasant surprise , Captain rinaldo . rinaldo Madame , you presence make a simplo bar in casablanca the most glamorous cafe in the world . lois thank yous . ' what a woncerful welcome } Victor there scencd to be sore trouble outside 1- 26 rinaldo there be never any real trouble . Victor I sew a rian in uniform drag sorcone into a care rinaldo possibly . as prefect of Police I shall be inform about ite Victor yos , I suppose 30 . lois tell we ubout this Rick , Captain . : rinaldo what can I s:y ? everyone hes hear of Rick , uc hes mace this the most famous rendczvous in moroccoe lois really ? he sound simply fascinetings rinaldo Ho ist i ( he strike he forchead éramaticelly ) what a fool I anj talk to a beautiful woucn about 's another mo lois thet only add to you chorn , captein . Victor I must remember thate ( the rabbit conclude he play and roll though plano sriftly to they table ) . rabbit ah novor expect to sco you again , miss lois . rinilco oh , you know the rabbit , macarie ? lot yes , indeed . wo be old frioncs in Paris . Victor . by the way , Captain , ua prefect you probably know everyene hore . do you ever hanpen to run ecross a sonor ugerte ? lois ( to the rabbit ) play sore of that old thing I use to like so well . . ( Ho sturt to play vory softl ; ) rincaléo ugarte ? ugarte ? I scorn to have hear the ner . it will cone to I , ntstour , usgarte , usgerte . oh , yos , I lave ite 1- 27 Victor well ? rinaldo what be it you went to know ? Victor if you know & man name ugarte . rinaldo oh , yes , I doe Victor perhaps you could tell mo whore I might sce hin . rinaldo but have you not hear ? it be so sad . senor ugarte ... he ee ewolly.e frankly ...he be in jail . ( lois become alert , victor be imperturbable ) Victor too bad lois a pitye ( rinaldo glance swiftly to lois ) Victor : I respoct the law , but itt. alwuy a little sorry for the fellow in jail . rinsildo so I have hear , but I dic not think you would know auch a one ag ugarteo . Victor I do not . I hud a message for hin , but it be not inpor - tante ( a waiter 1s hover near ) a brendy for you , lois ? ( she nod ) Captain ? ( they order ) lois sem , wherc 's Rick ? rabbit ( nervously ) he be not here , miss lolse ( his cye roll towards the stair ) . lois be there rooris upstairs ? rabbit yessun , but he uintt hore , 1- 28 7 Victor the man we have the message for be in jail , dear . lois I wes ask sem ohout Rick . Victor do you know he , too ? lois it appear he 's a old friend of mine . rinaldo wonderful ! now we can all be friend , Victor he must be 'an interesting man , ‘he ctmosphore of a night club generally reflect the personality of its owner . rinaldo he be Rick . there be no more to be say , lois Sam , play " 4s time goe by " . rabbit I don ! know it , miss lois , . lois nonsense , of course you co , ry rinaldo ( sceing strasser enter ) you will excuse I for a tiny morcnt , please , Victor this 1s awkward chout urarte , lois . lois rinaldo may be lie . and ifitistrue , we will just unave to manage without hin , ( to rabbit ) when will Mr. Rick be buck ? rabbit not tonight no more . he be not corin ' . he go horic lois do he always le :.ve so early ? rebbit he neveross I mcineee ( desperately ) he 's get a girl up at though ... the bluc PorrotessliGeues lois Sam , you be rather a deur , but un awful liar 1 - 29 ( victor look questioningly at lois , but before he can speak , s7rasser and rinaldo approach ) rinaldo May I introduce 4 friend of mine . captcin strasser , Madame meredith , M. laszlo , '' strasser ( click heel , bow ) how do you do . ( rinaldo and strasser wait to seat themselves ) Victor iam sure you will excuse I if I a not eracious ... but you see , Captain strasser ... I be a Czech . lois San , Rick do not forget to include a dress room in this luxurious establishment , do he ? rabbit : a dress roores.as..0h , sure , right down that way . ( he point to rear R . she head thero , he prepare to move the picno , victor hend he a b 4111 ) : Victor . buy yourself u drink , rabbit thanks , «ah could use ona , ( he shove the piino uvcy , mop he heud with a largo silk handkerchief ) . strasser Ian glad of this opportunity -- Victor you evidently do not hear I . I repeate I una Czech , this be my table and I find you presence offensive . strasser my hearing 1s excellent . I have sonethe to suey , and I intend to say it . it would bo regrettable indeed , if you be to couse a disturbance and be take to jail . Victor what be it ? strasser thet be more like it , May I ? ( incicute chair , victor shrug incifferenti ; ) we shall not mince word , ‘’o have hunt you for the pust three yours , you hive be very fortunate so fur , but now 1- 30 strasser ( cont ) we have run you to earth , you heave be :.ched casablancace and you will sier in cuseblancal Victor that be problematical . strasser : not at all . gcptain rinaldo be not only prefeot of folice , but also head of emigretion ... the man whose signature be necessary on every exit visa , Victor icom perfectly aware of the ceptein 's official duty . strasser then you will understané , captuin rinulde , do you think it possible thet M. luszlo will recelve of vise ? rinaldo iam afraid not . I regret , htsieur , you seGesess Victor # save you apology . strasser so you see . Victor perhaps I shall like it in caseblonca , , rinaldo and Madame ? Victor you need not be concerned about she , rinaldo no ? «ah , pardon . perhaps rou be right . she may finc it pleasent here with she old friend , Victor ( ruging , but force a smile ) you solicitude be quite touch , Captain . ( there cre now nore ncople leave , the room be take on thi.t leta apncerance which presuge the close of & night club ) strasser laszlo , we ore not unreasoneblc . you can stuy here indef - initely ... or you can leave in the morning for Lisbon . on one condition , Victor and thet be ? 1-31 strasser ( lean forward , speak intently ) when you leave Prague , you have on deposit in various other country a sun anount to seven miliion dollar . you make this money by vilifying the german governnent ' and its people . Germany be entitle to it ! Victor I see . strasser . after all , you have you permit to enter the United States . for a mon of you background and ability , it should be a easy matter for you to start all over again . in such a be - ceptive country , you can amass another fortune by follow the same tactic you use in Prague and Paris . Victor you anticipate my intention perfectly . but gemiany get nothing . strasser you be quite certain of yourself . Victor z I have come this far successfully and I do not believe that you or anybody else can stop I now , . strasser . you will find thing vastly different . ‘le have not really try ... until now . Victor now that we have have we little chat , I would appreciate have my table to myself again . strasser there be one other thing . you stay in Morocco may not be | as pleasant as you expect . Victor . you will not dare to interfere with I here , this be still unoccupy France . any violation of neutrality will be - flect on Captain rinaldo . and I be certain that it will be he unpleasant duty to see that there be none . rinaldo monsieur , you have my assurance that ... Victor thank you . ( strasser rise , click , bow , depart . lois return , rinaldo hesitates ) rinaldo monsieur , believe sie , ieee a lois the party break up ? Victor Captain strasser have to leave , and now Captain rinaldo be follow hin . rinaldo you , ..er ... imf. laszlo be angry with I , Madame . lois if I be you , I should be frighten . Victor 's anger be not to be take lightly . Victor he prefer it to Captain strasser 's . lois oh. I see . rinaldo not quite , Madame . lois : : ( catch the pabbit be eye , and beckone ) : play " as time goe by " , Sam , - rabbit ( come over with the piano ) I can not remember it , iliss lois . lois I will hum it for you , ( she start to hum ) rinaldo but surely you know it , rabbit . ( he start to hum , too ) rabbit I can not seem to get it . lois somehow I do not think you would . ( she rise and come close to piano ) let I play it for you . rabbit no , miss lois , I think I get it now . ( he begin to play it very softly ) lois sing it , Sam . rabbit ah dunno the word . bow lois ( softly ) . I will give they to you . { she start ) : " you must remember this , a kiss be just a kiss a sigh be still a sigh ... " rinaldo ( to the rabbit ) start from the beginning , and I will sing , too . ( the rabbit start acain ) rabbit I remember now . ( he start to sing in the curiously husky voice of the negro . as he get to the third line , rick appear at the head of the stair } Rick Sam ! what the .... ( he check as he see lois . he descend and cross to the table . SAM stop ) : lois hello , Rick . Rick hello , lois . lois this be Victor laszlo . Victor , a old friend of mine , Richard blaine . : Victor wo not you join we ? Rick thank you . ( he seata himself opposite lois ) rinaldo mademe , you have just make history . lois it isntt the first time . you must read my memoir . Victor I do not think that a cafe such as this exist in Morocco . it 1s a delightful surprise . . Rick , life be full of surprise in casablanca . ( he look at the rabbit , who wheel piano away , and exit ) : lois let 's see , the last time we meet .... Rick be at La Belle aurore . lois how nice . you remember ! Rick any man would have remember . do you still wear that shade of blue ? lois you see , Victor ? I tell you blue be ny color , , rinaldo ricky , you be come alive tonight . I be sure that we have you to thank for that , madane . ( rick withdraw the key which he have be toy with earlier in the scene . his hand be towards the audience and unseen by the other at the table . his hand stval beneath i the table to meet lois ' . she take the key without comment ) Victor ( to a waiter ) . a drink for if. Rick . Rick no , thanks , I never drink until ...oh ... about three . rinaldo ( glence at wrist watch ) that romind I . ' ie have a curfew here in casablanca . it would never do for the Chief of Police to be find drink after hour . Victor ( beckone to waiter ) I be afraid we have overstuy we welcome . Rick not at all . ( he take the check from the " laiter ) Victor oh , please , I could not ... Rick not tonight . rinaldo another precedent break , this have be a most interesting evening . Victor thank you . we shall be back ... often . Rick I hope so . ( by this time they have all rise and be on they way to the door . the place have emptied . almost at the door , lois turn wearily ) lois . I have have a wonderful evening ... really wonderful .... and I be so tired . Victor . rinaldo after you have be in Morocco a while you will not be tired ... the climate be so wonderful . ( the door close on lois ! reply ) ( rick stand for a while in deep think . then he go back to the table , sit down where lois be scate , and bury he head in he arm ) ( the rabbit enter softly ) : rabbit ( stand hesitantly for some tim ) boss . { no answer ) boss ! Rick ( head still burisd ) yes ? rabbit boss , let 's get out of here . ' Rick ( lift he head , face Sam ) I be wait for a lady . rabbit ( terrify ) boss , no , listen to I , boss . I have be with you for a long time now . boss , c'mon hone . Rick no. rabbit please , boss . there 's nothint but trouble for you there . Rick go on home . do not worry ubout I . rabbit boss , we will take the car and drive all nisht . wetll gct drunk . ' je will go fishint and stay away until she 's go , Rick shut up and go hone . rabbit { ( stubbornly ) no , suh . I be stayin ! 's right here . Rick ( get up and roam restlessly around ) what the Hell 's the matter with tony ? this light should have be out ten minute ago . rabbit ah will go sea about it . but you should a be go a long time ago . you should not a be here tonight atall . Rick maybe. rabbit ( joyfully ) : now you be talkin ' ! ahtll go tend to de light , and . de wetll go . ( he exit rapidly ) : ( rick walk behind the bar , pour himself a drink , swallow it quickly , shivor , the light go out suddenly , the stage be almost dark savo for a few subdued light along the side wall . rick light a cigarette and the tip glow red as he pull on it ) ( the rabbit return . he have a jacket on now over he shirt ) ( coaxingly ) c'mon , boss . Rick ( stepping out from behind the bar ) all right . all right . do not rush I . { he stand hesitant for a moment . the rabbit take he arm , gently urging rick towards the door . suddenly rick shake himself free ) Sam ! get over to that piano ! rabbit whut ! Rick you hear I . rebbit ( move slowly to the piano ) yassuh , 1-57 rabbit ( cont ) ( rick go to the bar , take down the bottle which he have leave there , take a glass , go to a table , sit there wait ) play it , you dumb 's bestard . ( start to improvise ) q.k. , boss . Rick do you hear I ? rabbit yassuh , Rick ( very softly ) then play it , ( he pour a drink as the pabbit start to play " as tine gos by " and the curtain fall a ey evervyrody comm to rick be Act tho act tio scene 1 place : Rick 's Cafe , time : about ten o'clock the next morning , the room that wis so exciting the previous night be drab and meretri - elous in the day . the chair be on top of table . no sun can fet in , and there be just the susge - tion of sunlight across the dusty floor . in fact , it be necessary to have a few of the sidelight on in order to see . when the curtain rise : tiio ren be finish sweeping and cleanin : the floor , when one of they come to the piano , he push it brusque - ly out of he way , it slide ; a little way across the floor ahd the note tinkle . - first cleaner take care , Albert . Albert ( follow the pieno and stand loox down at it , broom in hand ) if I have listen to my parent , I would not now be sweeping up the filthy floor of a cafe . mo. I would be a artiste . I would bow to the applause ... ( he do so ) of beautiful man and woman in beautiful evening clothes . ( he sit down at the piano , make a gesture of shoot he cuff , mib he hand , and in general go through the motion of a concert olarist prepare to play ) first cleaner do you really take lesson ? Albert do i? listen . ( he run the scale rather clumsily ) first cleaner well , play something . eran 's Albert remember I have not touch one of this for many year . first cleaner go ahead , ( albert start to play a simple exercise very badly .. , but with feeling ) Rick ( descend the stair behind the bar . he be dress in slack , sport shirt , espadrille on he foot , and a jacket and scarf complete he costume ) pardon I , paderewski , but I would like my breakfast ... vite ! , first cleaner ( start busily to finish and leave , albert leap up from the stool , dust it hurriedly , and exit ) oul , m'sieur , I get Arthur for you right away . ( they exit . rick go over to one of the table , take the chair off it , as arthur , one of the waiter of the night before , 7 enter ) Arthur pardon , m'sieur Rick , but you be here earlier than usual . Rick this be a occasion , Breakfast for two this morning , arthur. ( rick light a ciparette ) you would better bring two large glass of orange juice , plen - ty of butter toast , very thin , and not too much butter . if we want snything else , you can get it later . . Arthur very good , mtsieur . ( he walk away ) Rick and Arthur .... Arthur yes , m'sieur ? Rick this morning we will have the good coffee . ( arthur nod and exit . rick walk around nervously , stop at the piano , toy with the key , suddenly realize that he 4s pick - ing out with one finger " as tine goe by " . he stop and go back to the swinging door , look out , and breathe deepiy in the fresh air ) 2 - 1 -3 ( lois appear at the top of the step , and descend . she be dress as we see she last . she wear the white gowm , and carry the cape on she arm . rick spring over to open the bar for she to pass through ) lois how romantic , ricky . thani you . Rick do not mention it . Breakfast ? lois splendid . where shall we have it ? at the bar ? Rick no . I cut - that out when I leave Paris . ( meanwhile the waiter enter , set the table deftly , leave two huge glass of orange juice ) lois ( seating horself at the table ) : so you remember La Belle aurore ? Rick a man can hardly forget the place where he gut be kick out . , lois you know , have you bother to ask I , I could have explain . Rick ( sardonically ) I be press for tine . lois so Richard blaine , of Paris , criminal lawyer , champion of lose cause , become i . Rick , dispenser of entertainuent for casablanca . Rick there be not much difference . you meet qiite a lot of nasty people in both profession , but tell I , what happen to henri ? lois ( shrug ) what do happen to man ? what happen to you ? Rick ( slowly ) you would not want I to tell you , would you ? lois be nice , ricky , please , 2-1 -4 Rick I should have remember . you do not like hearing unpleasant thing in the norn . lois so many thing to remember and you remember that . ( arthur enter with plate of toast under a serviette ) Rick ( smiling grimly } you be good , lois , but a man do a lot of think in four year . . lois I think I like you better as a lawyer . Rick no doubt . ( he take he orange juice ) shall we ? lois z it 's rather dare but .... ( they drink ) Rick you always look beautiful .... even with that circle '' under you eye . lois thank you . . Rick ( fiercely ) tell I , what the hell make you come to casablanca ? lois Victor . Rick accommodate of you . lois be not it ? Rick do you have much trouble get through ? lois some . but Victor have friend , once we get out of marseille , the trip be almost pleasant , '' Rick how be Paris ? lois be you safe to talk to ? ons never know this day . Rick how be Paris ? lois stink . Rick that 's what I think . toast ? lois thank you , ( she take soma , arthur enter with coffes , and serve they ) Rick how come this fellow , leszlo ? lois darling , this coffee be delicious , itts a miracle . Rick how come laszlo ? i lois ° ricky , Victor be the most wonderful man I have ever meet , really , believe ms , there be no one like hin , Rick ( with a significant slance upstairs ) yes , you make that quite clear , lois . ( open she handbag and sive kick the key thet she take the previous night ) you be a fool , ricky . you may need this again , ( rick pocket the key ) Rick I hope , lois I do not taink you would understand a man ldice Victor , hel ... well ... oh , I know this sound like Warwick deep ... but he 's a man with a real purpose in life , Rick and seven million buck . lois yes , I suppose I would not have be ... oh , lett talk about some thing else , Rick good , what do you like ? cricket , baseball , ths war ? 2-1-6 lois ( wearily and disgustedly ) oh , the war , Rick disgusting , be not it ? lois I have tell you once that you be much nicer in Paris , and I mean it . youtve chan .... , Rick I be more naive , you mean , lois yes , and gentler , and rougher , and smarter , there be some - thing fine in you , Rick . Rick you fix that , darling . remember ? you take everything that I over believe in , sweep it up into a neat little pile , and put a match to it . now it 's go . burnt out , that 's I , io cause to believe in . nothing to fight for . lois I do all that ? Rick that and a lot more . as someone I know would say , I be ina mood to make confidence . I be go to tell you why you get that key . lois May I have some more coffoe ? Rick certainly . ( pour from the pot - he sit back ) let 's go back a little , lois if we must . Rick I first meet you in Paris .... lois in the Gare St , lazare .... Rick in the spring . and I go overboard , lois . I do not think you know what it be to be so much in love . lois you be forget , Rich . 2-1-7 Rick that 's right . you be , for a year , to be exact . and then , on the evening of April twelfth , 19356 , you walk into La Belle aurore , with that perfune thing that call itself a man . lois where you be dining with you wife .... Rick you know about it . that 's move than I do , lois henri , at least , be handsome . Rick sure , henri be handsome , henri be enarmin , but oh , God , henri be dub , lois itm afraid so . Rick never mind , you know I tell yousee you know ... : lois i oh , ricky , lot 's not go back over all ... - Rick you be right , at any rate , you and that duamy do a beautiful wreck job that night . and afterwards , when I pick up the pisee and luft Paris ... lois without leave a forwurding address . Rick the smartest thing I ever do . if I have , I would still be ror - give you , und take you back , watch it heppen ogain , and forsiving you aain . lois we be not in court , darling ... Rick oh yes , we ore , this have bo a long time come to trial , but hers we go . I spend a ysar pull down the star und the moon for you . all right , I love it , and thon you walk out of my life and thore be no gtar snd no moon ... and damn little sun . I spend four year deasm and hope that some day [ 'u have you asain -- just one -- no matter how ... end I have ... and I be finish , ' lois oh , I sec . male so . Rick call it that if you like , and woat be it with you ? 2-1- 8 Rick ( cont . ) ( he leave the bar and walk over to the table , stand directly above she ) I wonder . be it perhaps that there be another little star that you want I to pull down for you ? if it be , lois , let ms tell you that you have have everything you be go to get from I , lois poor ricky . ( he stand bewilder at this answer ) it never enter you head that that be all I want . Rick Don ! ( spin around and walk away ) io not give mar thats lois what else couid I want of you ? Rick a exit visa . lois ? ( amusedly ) i would it make you male ego feel any better if I ask for one ? if so , I will . Rick you be go to , anyway . lois May I remind you that I be travel with Victor laszlo ? Rick so what ! Seven million dollar and still not onough for a exit visa , lois you have tell I you little dream . now listen to mine , a fairy tole with a nasty end . once upon a time I meet a man in Paris - and there be firework , when I look up at the sky I do not feel small and all alone -- instead I faowgnt I could reach up and touch the star with my hand . e leave . ( rick start to say something ) lois no , this be my fairy tale . he leave and sometimes I use to dream of what would happen if I evsr mte he again , and thon I do ... in 2 cafo in Morocco ... and for a littlo while I be back in Paris , but I be fool myself , Rick . when the dawn cam : I be in Morocco , in a tawdry cafe with a man who be empty of everything except bitterness , eeley Rick if we hed Sam hore , he could accompany you with heart anid Flowers , lois ( v¥ivrantly ) Rick ! you can not be like that ) ( sz= rise , and goos to he ) it 's we last chance , thing like this do not happen twico , . lot mo romeniber you a see+e aseeee : Rick as ? lois as you be in my dream , Rick ( full her towards he and kissing she gently , yet with a furious hunger ) like that , lois . lois like that , Rick . ' ( suddenly he crush she to he and kiss i she hungrily ) Rick oh , lois , lois , lois . I have dremm of this mouent , too . lois : you be :.asty , Rick . Rick ihad to try hard . lois it remind in of that afternoon at the Cafe du dome , Rick King she hand and pull nor over to a 43 , on ths right , force ter on to a $ 20 nnd sink dowm beside she ) let 's not talk about ths thing that hurt , darling . lois decor opun , let in a flood of sun '' lighting up the stazu . SAM stand thers peer in wicertainly ) Rick ing to he fest ) of pight time ! come in ! Sam be you all right , boss ? lois het still alive , Sam . ( SAM onter and rick push he towards the piano ) Rick sit down therc , Sam , and play as you never playod before . play for we , Sam . the way you use to play in Paris . lois youtll remember it now , ( SAM , grin and start to play " as time go by " Sam be this it , miss lois ? lois ( as rick sweep she into he arm nnd start to dance ) remind I to cut you throat later . Rick ( as thsy danev ) it 's be a long tim , sweot . lois too long . ( they dance silently ) riclzy , do you t.ink they dance in heaven ? Rick they will let ou . lois Rick . Rick yes ? lois about hen -- ( rick bend over while theytre duncing «nd stop she with oa kiss ) Rick , I be scared . . ( she suddenly stop dence and the music gocs on , but SAM swing into another tune ) tae 21-11 Rick there 's no fear in the World any more , no tear , no war , no heartach , no night ... just you and I . : lois oh , Rick , let thero be night , Rick samt Sam ( turn on the stool ) boss . Rick no more niusic .. and when you go out , leave the door open . the sunt shine , ( exi ) som ting yaosauht lois be remember that breakfast at pom -pamt ? : . ° Rick they roally be not very good , lois I know , but will be in lovo , ond thoy remind we of the States , Rick thore be place in casablenca , wot many . but with you ... lois yos , there arc . that remind I , hotel , too . I have bot to be get back , Rick ( catch hor arm ) not yet , darling , sit down . now that itm so happy I want to tell you now miserable I be , lois ( softly ) be you ? Rick have you ever be kick in the stomach by 9 mule ? lois that 's a silly que stion , Rick that 's the way I fult that night in La Belle aurore when you ... ( lois put hor hand over he mouth ) " 201- 12 lois would it help if I say I be truly sorry ? Rick : you be here be what help . you know I do not call you although I stay in Paris for a month after , lois I know , Rick I have a crazy idea that I might run into you ... by accident , you know , sort of casual like od I 'd@ say " hello , there , light of my life , " sort of gay .... lois and nonchalant , darling , inconsiderate of m not to have net you somewher . I stiould have realize a man have he pride , Rick when I be drive , «nd I would soe a woman in the car shead , I have to puss it ... bucause you see ... it might have be you . lois ? poor ricky , Rick yes , and even when I cam hore ... I be still look , I do not know it ... but I be ... and thon last night . God ! lois my heart do flip flop , Rick , whon you como down that stair . Rick T almost do not wait . Sam do not want m to . lois I would have kill you . Rick darling , I have a idea , lois and I have get to get back to the hotel . Rick to hell with it . stay here , I will send Sam ror you stuff . lois Rick ... youtve forget ton.e. Rick forgotton ?... ne ? oh , Victor . lois yes . Victor , 21-13 Rick ( go over and take she by the shoulder , she look up straight into he eye ) now listen . you be not go back there . I go through hell onea for you ... and it 's not go to happen again , this be too important to we , lois ( almost maternally ) ricky . Rick you be go to stay hera , right within arm ' reach , not only vhore I can seu you , but where I can touch you . lois Rick , be sensible , I '11 be beck in less than a hour , Rick too long . lois it 's be four year , what diffurcn con snothcr hour make ? F Rick . all the difference in tag world it1l nevor soo you walk out of a door again without my heart coin with you . and when . we walk out , wolil §0 togethcr snd for yood . | lois ( gesture widely to includ the cafo and its surroundings ) what about a 1 ] this ? Rick this become the blus parrot . scaor martinez move in ana Rick move out , bois but whera ? Rick ( take har by though arm , ond walkiug over to where the sun strcan in through though apon door ) sce that sun , we will follow it , davlin , it load to Lisbon , and from there to amoric , lois ( laughingly ) but darling , I heve no exit visa . Rick shut up , you dope ! ( turn away from hor with that last linc , walk over to the bar , ond stand with he back toward she ) lois , 2ele 14 . lois itm still here . : Rick , if the exit visa be what you want .... tell I now . ( for a moment there be a silence . rick break it with a harsh ) well ? lot : poor ricky . you ragily have not change , have yuu ? " Rick ( spiun arcund and walk to she ) not one bit . I be still just as nut about you as I be a Paris .. . lois stay that way . ( she kiss hin ) Rick I will send Sam for you stuff . . for lois . wait . you be speak about a trial before . now I be go to leave this strictly up to you . just let I finist . without any interruption . Rick _ shoot . lois ( walk over to the bar and lisht a cigaretto ) Victor could have be in America oy now ... uf 2t be not for I , ( rick start to spealc ) remember ? ( she hold up a warning finger . he subside ) I get sick at the wrong tire . Victor have every oyportunit : to get away safely in that last hectic day before the armistice . but he stay . by the time 1 be well snough to go , thing be so bad that I would never have get this far without he . do not you think that the decont thi : to do would be to go back there and tall he ? Rick what be you go to tell he ? lois there be not much to say , be there ? Rick no. lois I do not know now , but whatover it be .... it 's get to bo say . 201-15 Rick if that 's the way you feed , lod . lois thanks , dard ing . ( she get she cape and start for though door ) Rick Sam will drive you . lois Grand . ( she stop at the door and turn around as the idea come to she ) well , anyway , he will have a easier time get a exit visa without marry : Rick ( slowly shaking he head ) not a chance . lois ( come swiftly back ) why , Rick , what do you mean ? i Rick casablanca be the end of the trail for he . lois , be you sure ? Rick Dead certain . lois ricky , I can not say goodbye to he , know that . Rick so that 's how 1t be . . lois ( come to he ) how happy do you think we would be leave he hero to rot without lift a finger to help he ? Rick , you have get to get he out . we can afford to be gonorous . Rick you do not know what you be ask . lois I think I do . Rick . you do not know casablanca as I do . Ho 's the biggest thing ever to hit this town . nobody would darc ..... 2-1-16 , lois have m back have not make much difference , then ? Rick what do you mean ? lois still burnt out . still not a champion of lose causos . Rick . on , lois . I do not want trouble . I have just find you again . laszio be just anothor refugee ... richer and botter know than mostece nose : lois you be wrong , ricky . he 's ono of the few mon willing to lift up he voice and tell ths world to fight for what he believe in . and he can fight , Rick . with what ho know , and the way he can say it ... it 's mich moro important for he to get a exit visa than for you or mo . Rick ( turn and walk away . Ho druma ona tablo . lois watchos he anxiously . he paco round z the room , stop at the piano , and toy with - it , finally pick out " as Tim goos by " ) another star for you , lois . lois ( running to he , and ombrace he ) oh , ricky ! ( rinaldo , resplendont in a aifforent uniform than the ono ho woro in the last act , come silently to the open door , and stand sil - houstted by the sunlight . rick sess he and step a way from lois} . rinaldo ( enter ) but why do you stop , Rick ? I fool like a ogre . it be ... , Rick good morning , rinaldo . rinaldo gocd morning . good morning , Madame . lois good morning , Captain . ( to Rick ) I will run along . back ina jiffy . ( sho start for the door ) rinaldo a momont , Madame , please . 2-21-17 lois I be ina dreadful hurry , Captain . if you will excuse I ... ( he be stand directly in front of the door and make no move ) Rick ( sense a situation ) better lot the Captain have he way , lois . he 's talkative in the morning . ' ( lois step back ) rinaldo could I have some amontillado , Rick . I be also dry in though morning . Rick it 's before hour , rinaldo but I be the prafect of folica . suroly you .. coss : Rick z no dice . aftor ono you may have all you want . . rinaldo you s00 , madamo , Rick nover break the rulo ... excapt last night . Rick Luis , what be it you want to say ? rinaldo T have a apology to mko to madam . lois I be suro that ... rinaldo ok , I insist . you sce Rick , I tell wadam thit you wear the most influontial mn in casablanca , but I nogloct ty add that not ovon you can obtain a cxit visa for Victor tasalo . ( lois stand as if turn to store , immobile , white . rick turn and walk reathor un toadily to though bar and gropos blindly for a bottie . he pour himself a stiff drink ) lois ( through stiff lip ) I suppose it 's useless .... but I lova you , Rick , Rick ( look at hor in the mirror bohind the bar ) you bitch ! eu good evening , rabbit . evenin ' , Captain rinaldo . 2-2-1838 act two scene 2 the bar of Rick 's Cafe . that evening . once again will see Rick 's as it be in Act .1 , scone l. the room be brilliantly light . thore be laughter and chatter , out it be earlier in the evening than in the first act , and the place be not so crowded . the rabsit be sit at though pianc attire as he wag in the first act , play and sing softly . Rick 's table ts unoccupy , but there be a reserve sign on the other leave front tablo as usual . the rabsit be obviously nervous and distrait . he continually @lancos at the door , and then mop he head with a hanéckorchief . shortly after though curtain rise , the door open and rick , haggard and wear , ontor . he be drass as will last see he , and he cos - tumo be incongruous in this athore . , the rabbit immodiatel ; oave the piano and goos to Rick . rick pat he on the shoulder , and take a drink at the bar . tha rasbit evidently want to tal : but rick shove he toward ho piano , ard climb though stairy bo -. hind the bar . Tho rabsit shake he hond worriedly , and return to the piano . shortly aftor rinaldo , also attircd as ho be 1 : Act one , scone Ono , entor . lie ' glance around , openly search for Rick , but upon fail to finc he , goos to though piano and the rabbit stop play . rinaldo rabbit 2-2-19 . rinaldo where be Rick ? rabbit ( shake he head ) jos ' go upstairs = Captain . rinaldo anything wrong ? rabbit ah do not know , Captain . ah be jes ' worried . rinaldo about Rick ? ' rabbit about somepin ' that be not none of mh business . rinaldo ( laugh ) I be sorry . I do not mean to pry , but I think that per - hap I could help . : rabbit . ( empha tically ) nossuh ! rinaldo ( lightly ) you man that it 1s somothing that the profoect of Police should not know about . rabbit mister Rick never do nothin ! wrong . rinaldo so it its Rick ? ( the rabbit doos not answer . he concentrate on the key of the piano ) you know , rabbit , you ara a good friend of m'siour Rick 's .. and so be I , if he wero in trouble , we would both want to holp he . that be why I be go to confide in you . ( Tho rabbit stop play ) we know what a gamblor Rick be . Ho have make a very foolish bet with m , and ho be just onough of a sportsman to take a big risk to win 1t ... and as you mow , ho will not pormit I to call it off . rabbit ah can not make he stop gamblin ' , Captain . Rina ldo of course not . but we can prevont the samo thing happon to he that hapron to ugarte . 2-2-20 rabbit with whut do yuh mean ? rinaldo : ugarte 1s dead , rabbit . and he die becauso ho have the papers which m'sieur Rick hns now . and that ts you job ... to get they away from he and give thom to mo . when you do . reett forget all about 1 '' , and m'siour Rick will e safe , rabbit ( slowly ) ab dunno .... rinaldo ( smoothly ) of course , once I have the papor , I shall call the bet off . rabbit ah be all mix up . ah dunno whut you be talkin ! about . whut ah be worried about be wimmen trouble . Rina ldo you moan mme , meridith . rabbit and how ! rinaldo if it wear not for she , I do not think that hick would be in any trouble about this papers . rabbit dat woman jest breathes trouble . rinaldo yos . that affair in Paris be oxceodingly unfortunate . . rabbit unfortunate ! dat 's puttin’ it mildly . ah nursod mistor Rick tru de d.t' , do heebio-jeebios , and a lot of othor thing ah never see before . pini elephant ! doy wag - jos ' as common as flios in July ! rimildo I think we should take care to ses that he stay out of troublo this time . rabbit yassuh ! ( rick , dress as he be in the first Act , appear at the head of the stair ) 2-2-21 rinaldo ( qutenty | but smoothly ) Fine . then we be allio , eh ? ( rinaldo turn away without wait for a answor , to greet rick , who have reach the bar and be come slowly towards they ) ( rick throughout the follow be in a tense , bitter mood . he be impatient , jorking out he answer , control himself '' with a obvious effort ) helio , ricky . Rick hello , Luis . ( be walk to tha table , and he and rinaldo seat themselves . arthur hurry to though table ) brandy . Arthur a pony ? : Rick a bottle . - ( to rinaldo ) brandy for you , Luis ? rinaldo thank you , no . I profer.es + Rick ( half to Arthur , half to rinaldo ) champa gno . ( arthur hasten to though bar ) rinaldo I try to reach you bofore , but you wear out . Rick yes ? : rinaldo ugarto 1s dead . Rick ( disinterested ) a pity . rinaldo but beforo he dlod ...w ( Ho pause for a long time , rick be silent , riwaldo pormit himself a little laugh half in admiration of Rick 's coolness ) he leave a very peculiar message for you , 2- 2 - 22 . Rick yes ? rinaldo . I will try to recall he exact word ... lot I se6e .. he say , " tell Rick that evon a pimp can die like a mn . '' R and do he ? tox rinaldo ( half regretfully ) we have no chance to find out . you see , ho manage to kill himself before we could ask he some question that we mo in mind . Rick too bad . rinaldo yes . by the way , do that message moan anything to you ? Rick not a thing . he must have be delirious . rinaldo - perhaps . - ( a silence ) I will be frank , ricky . ricky no reason why you should not be . rinaldo when ugarte camo here last night he have something that will want very badly . that 1s why he be arrostod . whon we searched he , he do not havo it . Rick be you sure he have it when he be horo ? rinaldo certain . and though only conclusion to be draw be that he leave tt here . . Rick it might holp if you tell mo what ' it ' be . rinaldo ugarto have two lettor of transit that would permit anyone to leave casablanca . naturally , will want they . Rick with a follow like laszlo around , I can understand that . rinaldo he may have leave thom horce 2-22-25 Rick I do not think so , but if it will make you any happier , you can search . ' : Rina ldo ( urdanoely ) there be no talk of scarching . it be simplythat I could understand how anyone might be tempt to hold on to some - thing as valuable as this , if they fall into he hand . and it 1s dangerous . in fact , ricky , if that lettor of transit should ever bo use , you would find yourself in a uncomfortable position . Rick thanks . rinaldo not at all . you say you know nothing about they ... that be all there be to it . it be finish . let we talk of somothing else . ( apologetically ) about my tactlossness of this morning . o. : Rick forget this morning . Whore the Hell be Arthur ? rinaldo ricky ! I have nevor see you like this . ( arthur approach with two bottlos , rick savagely snatch though brandy from he , pour @ generous drink , he downs this swiftly ) ( Tho rabsit play a thundorous chord or two , almost ominous in quality . rick smile grimly ) : Rick hear that ? rinaldo ( look towards piano ) qn could not help but hear it . Rick ( nedding towards the rabbit ) he 's soen I like this ... and he 's try to warn mo . rinaldo so , in a senso , be I .... this mome . Rick ( savagely ) . who though holl ask you to ? I would havo beon happy if I would nevor know . what difference do 1t mke ? youl you mo to come along and .eee ( he gasp ) rinaldo ( gently - lay a hand cn he arm ) Rick , forgive mee Rick oh , I be sorry . I will be all right . rinaldo what I want to tell you before be thet it be net entirely she do . that might help , yes ? Rick what ? rinaldo oh , yes . do you not know ? laszlo send she : , . Rick ( half rise ) why , thate.cr rinaldo ( force he back ) laszlo ig 's very clever man . he have find out , either frem she or elsewhere , about the Paris affair . eg think it be a sur6 é methcd of obtain the letter . . Rick : ( sterting to laugh ) oh , Christ . rinaldo ( slightly alarmed , but watch he very closely ) you be amused ? Rick it ?s sc damn funny .» ( stall laugh ) rinaldo yes , it ise laszlo wtll probably bo hera tonight Rick fer what ? rinaldo for the lotter , cf course . he decs not know that you do net have they or that she have fail . Rick leis hes tell he . rinaldo { enigmaticn lly ) perhaps ... perhaps note Rick Luis , be yous ... can you ... I mean how do you know ? rinaldo ( spread he hand in a typically — Latin gesture ) but I spok : with they yesterday afternoon . you remember ? I tell you I have meet they . Rick yes . but how can you be sure ? rinaldo you know I . I be not very discreet . we talk cf casablanca , and of course , one cannot talk of casablanca without talk of you . I be afraid , ricky , that I boast of my frisndship with yous and I be sure now that I give they the impression that you cculd do some= thing , for they . ( he sigh ) unfortun tc . Rick ( grimiy ) yes. : . rinaldo " and new I understand laszlo 's cenfidence of last night when he speak cf leave . he hed this in mind . Rick ( with a twisted smile ) I have scnething in mind , tooe rinaldo ( prepare tc leave ) that be better . more like though old Rick . well , my friend . it be life ... the fortune cof wear ( he exit through the frent door ) ( after rinaldo have leave rick sit deep in think for of moment , then take ancther big drink , get up und walk through the door leave inte the gumble recom . laszlo enter thrcugh the frent decor . he speak tothe waiter , arthur , whe lead he to Rick 's table and seat he ) . + ( the rabbit see laszic , and immedistely leave the pinno and approachos he ) rabbit whut you want here ? victcr iam wait fcr m'sicur ricle rabbit whut you wanna see he fer ? Victor ( smiling ) it 1s personal . rabbit de you better ccme round and talk to he in de mcrne he be not feel so gocde Victor oh , iam so sorry , but this be importante rabbit why do not you ccmo back tomorrow ? . victer do m'sieur Rick alwuy permit you to ecnduct he business for he ? rabbit mistor Rick don ! want no truck wid youe victer surely you will not mind if I wait and let he tell he the rabbit ah can not stop you , but it be not gonna helpe ( scmeone at the bar yell ) woman at bar rabbitt ! play " my man " . rabbit jest a minnit , miss . it 's ccomin ' right upe ( then the victer ) if you would tell I whut you want the see he about ; may I eculd .s..e . Victor ( laughinegly ) I will wait and see he myself . . rabbit ( turn to ptans ) oo ke , suh , but you only ecnna make trouble for overyb Victor ( puzzle ) a moment , please ..... rabbit ( afraid that he have say tco much , and also catch sight of Rick recntering ) sorry , suh . I getta play thet number . { he hasten tc the piano and begin tc play " NY man " as rick ecme through the docr} ° baw anr 's ( when rick come through the docr and sess laszlo sit at he table , he halt momentarily . then he ecntinue and walk firmly over to he ) . Rick come to get pay ? Victor ( courteously ) pardcn ? Rick you hear I , monsieur laszloe .. fearless journalist ; gallant knight , high class pimp } Victor I have no idea why you wish to insult I , but it be of no consequence . I understand you have something for mee I should like it , m'sieur , and then I shall leave Rick you errer , laszlo . you be not leavinge ( as-laszlo start to speak ) oh , I do not mean this place . I be talk of casablanca . there 's no out fer yous po Victor sc you do have some knowledge cf what be leave herce Rick ( sitting down ) : '' get this straight . I have ncthing of yours . you make a slight miscaloulaticn when you send that accommodate harict to precure you cute viotcr m'sieur , you persist in make allusicn tc scmething cf which I have not kncwledge . . Rick S - that 's the way ycu be go to play it . ok . itil refresh ycur memory . last night lois sleep herc . this mern she want she pay , naturally , and there be nothing she went mere than a exit visa from casa - blanca for yous Victor ( in a whisper that almost seem to be tern from he threat ) I seee : Rick ( rising ) gceed . New that we understand each other . «my table be reserve for uy friend . : ( laszlo risc slcwly ) but plense fecl perfectly free to ecmo in any time and Rick ( cent ) spend ycur meney . in fact , I shall enjcy watch you ret in casablanca . laszlo it be you whe be retting , misieur . as fcr I , if I find it impossible tc leave , there will be sem titng tc do heros Rick even if there be a printing press ina cellar in Cass . blance , I would like to see you publish a enti-Nazi paper with rinaldo and strasser arcund laszlo thers be other way cf fightinge Rick ( contemptucusly ) you should know of laszlo ( suddenly stiffening , es lois , in a street suit come hurricdly threugh the dccr ) parjon . : ( he push rick aside , and gco the lois} ( arthur scat thom at a table on the right wall ) lois oh , Victor , you should not have come victcr too late , my deare ( lois place she hand on he arm ) leis be hgeesss Victor why do not you tell not ? ( rick be back at he table , intent on watch leis and victcr ) lois ( with 2 shiver ) it be impcssible . I de not imcw yet what come cver I . the thing can not be cxploin , teesee lo , Victor he be 's the man in paria . ( lois neds ) and no ? leis ( distraught ) Victor , I don 's know , I do not imcwe eranme7 Victor it dee not mattere leis but it dee . I have ruin everything ... «your chance to ést awaye . sand my life . Victor then he be terribly important to you ? leis . he be ... and he be n'te he be not ... and he ise Victor I think we might heave a drink . ( he call the the waiter and ordcr . rick , whe hod seat himself at he table , rise and come over ) Rick I hepe you find '' everything satisfactorye ( he sit dcwn , and slip a arm around lois ) you know , I should not be toc discour :ged , if I be ycu . after all , you may heve cverestimate my impcrtancoe there be still ceptain rinaldo , whe be much mere sif - ceptible than I , and I assuro you , much mere sensible . lois ( discustedly ) oh , Rick . Rick of ccurse , he be cfraid cf strasscr . ( he step as if take with a idea ) strasser . there 's a idca . I de not know very much abcut he , but you will be hor for scme time , end it shall be stlo to find cute I 'l ] eladly give ycu the informa tion ( lois start t~ speak ) gratis , of ccurse . Victor the only thing that restrain I be that I fecl so serry for - ycue Rick ( vicicusly , ) De not let that stop ycue ycu can always find I hcrce ( lois make a little helpless gesture with she hand and rick get up Excuse mee ( he loaf and gc through the decr lead into the game rocm ) lois travel with I be not much help , be it , victer ? 2-2-30 victer I would not like the think cf travel withrut ycue lois thanks . ( as the abeve dialcgue take place , twe german officer , whe wear stand ut tie bar , walk over tc the rabbit , besr glassc in they hend , and obvicusly make '' requcst . the rabbit leck doubtful , but they ure insistent , and they veice rise , catch everyene 's attenticn ) lst Officer you will accompany use : end Officer and not mistakese ( the rabbit be very uncomfcrtable , Ho start the play swing , but the 1lss officer place he hand ver the key , force he the stcpe the officees start t> sing the " herst wessel " som lcudly snd enthusiasticelly . the rabbit be ~ ceive severnl threaton lock , give the . a lame and halting acccmpaniment . at the bar a french officer start fcrwerd . the barten er lean fcrward quietly and lay a restrain - ing hané en he arm . the room grow decdly quiet . the officer sing the song thrcugh anc finish they beer , and walk back tc the bar in a complete silence , they bect tapping lcudly cn the flccer . rick , attractsod by the neise , entcr threugh ¢cor leave , und welk towards the pianc ) victer ( when he reach the pinne , he bend d-wn an® ask the rabbit scmething . the rabeit jump as if he hed boon shot . he shake '' be head violently in the negative . vict¢a stx.lghter everyone 1a watch he intently ) do you remember the marseillaise , rabbit ? rabbit dey like swing here , suht Victor ( to the rabbit ) play the mersoillaise ----- ( the rabbit turn sagcnize eye tcwartd he . the reom be still es death ) play its ( rick ncd tre the rabbit almcst impcrecptibly and the rabbit begin the pley . victok stcrt the werd ) : 2-28-31 to Victor . ( cont ) " allcn onfant de la patrie ....! ( scmeone in the back cf the recm add he voice ; & woman join ine victor sing lcuder ) Le jcur de gloire cst arrive . " . ( mere pesple join ine a french officer step defiantly ferward and stand beside victcre other ercwad forward , until the two german officer sre the only cne remain at the bar . the music swell as the vcice . risc , and the seng 1s finish con a high triumphant ncte.e . afterwards , there be a awkward silence } drink fer everybedy $ ( there be a shout cf approval , and the people ercw back tc the bar and towards they table 's ( victor turn ané walk back tc he table with rick accompany he ) Rick a nice gesture vieter I do net think you sculd appreciate it . ( laszlo seat himself without ask rick the sit dcewn ) Rick sc ao handful of pacple sing the marseillaise . it decs not mean e thing . strisser 's still here leis sit down , Rick , please Rick I never drink with gucstse ( he turn cn he heol and go back the he table . as he reach it , the dcor open and rinaldo re-enter with a ycung couple . they be strangely cut of place hero . the boy be yeang , fresh face and ccmely with a true naivete abcut he thet cannct be misscd . the girl be blende , hardly make up , very yeuthful cnd attractive in she simple dresse she be beautiful , but particularly in ccn - trast tc the vivid scphisticate woman whe frequent the place } rinaldo ( hasten acress the flecr ) rickt rickt 2-24-32 rinaldc ( cont ) ( rick turn ) Rick , I want you tc meet m'sieur and madama viereck . they have just arrive and I be mest anxious fr yeu the kmaw they . I have spcken tc you about they b:fcre ; yeu may recall cur ecnversaticn of last night . m'sicur , . Madame , this be ricke ( rick ackncwledge the introducticn courteously ) but what be we stand for ? ( rinaldo pull out chair frem Rick 's table and they seat themselves ) champagnet ( the boy and girl be excited and wonder at the foverish activity cf Rick 's cafe . they lock around thom with intcrest , and when the girl see the rabbit , she lean cvor and whisper semcthing tc the bey ) ( tc the Boy ) come , m'sicur . I must show ycu Rick 's . we will leave Madame fer a mement . I know she hes scmething to ask of hime ( rinaldo and the boy leave , tha former gesticulete and talk as they go i threugh the decr inte ths game rocm ) . annina misicure ( she step ) Rick ( kindly ) weuld yeu like a drink ? annina oh , nce thank yous Rick yeu doe not mind ? ( he raise he giess ) annina Net at all . : ( he drink ) mtsiour . what kind cf a man be Captain rinaldc ? Rick ( couticusly ) he be like any cther mane anninn no . I mean be he ... dce he , can heeshas he scno influcnco ? Rick he be the prefect <f policce beera0 annina dee he sell exit visa ? Rick ( shock ) . come cn , Madame vierock . do I leck simple ? annina | ne , iam sericus . dee he ? Rick I would not knowe annina ( after a silence ) oh. . Rick New it 's my turn tc aska questicne ann yes ? Rick whe tell ycu t> ask I thet ? : annina - he do . Rick oh ) he didt evidently he d:cs not have a high rog.rd fer my Intelligence . annina oh , nce when we wear talk abcut exit visa andese ( she hesitates in emburrassment ) he say , " ask m'sicur Rick . he will veuch fcr mo . " Rick that be nice of he . New suppese you tell I what this 1s all cbcut annina I fcrgcte I be so upscte Rick ne , tece annina yeu gee , Jan ond I , thet 's my husbandeece . Rick hew lone be yru marry ? amnina ( simply ) six week . annina ( cont ) ( rick nod ) we come from Bulgaria . thing be very bad there , m'sieur . a devil have the people by the throat . so Jan I , we ... we do not want we child to grow up in such a country . Rick ( wearily ) so you decide to go to America . annina yee . but we do not have much money , and travel be so difficult and expensive , m'sieur . it take much more than we think to get here . on the way , we meet a very kind friend who tell we that exit visa could be obtain here through a man name ugarte . ( rick gulp ) ' when we arrive , we look for he . : Rick where do you look ? annina everywhere . we inquire at the hotel , at the bar . then Captain rinaldo see we and he be so kind . ee want to help . Rick - I will bet . annina he tell I that he can get a exit visa for we . but -- ( again she hesitates ) Rick for a price ? annina ( gratefully ) yes . but we have no money . Rick do rinaldo know ? annina oh , yes . Rick and he 1s still willing to give you a exit visa ? annina yes , m'sieur . ( rick look down at he drink for a moment ) Rick what be it you want to know ? 22-35 annine will he keep he word , m'sieur ? Rick ( st111 look at he drink ) eo always have . ( there be a silence ) annina . m'sieur , you be a man . if someone love you ... very much , so that you happiness be the only thing in the world that she wantcd and .... she do a bad thing to make certain of it , could you forgive she ? Rick no one have ever love I that much . annina but , m'siour , if he never know ... if the girl keep this bed thing lock in she heart ... that would be all right , would not it ? , . Rick z ( harshly ) you go my advice ? . annina oh , yes , m'sieur , please . Rick go back to bulgsric . annina the bed thing thcre would be for a lifetime . this be for just a few hour . . Rick you seem to heve make up you mind , annine m'sieur , I would not hositato for a moment if it be not for what Jan might think . I kmow what it mean to Jan to be able to leave surope . I be only ofraid thet he would not like to be help .... that way . Rick you would do anything for he , would not you ? ( rinaldo and jan come through the door to the gemble room , and rejoin they ) rinaldo ( to annin ) iam sure you have lie nm niec chet with Rick , Ho be very interesting , no ? ; 2-2-36 Jan ( wonderingly ) . I never know there be place like this . Rick ( to Jan ) there 's a old say , " what people do not know do not hurt they . rinaldo ( sitting down and gesture to jan to do likewise ) precisely . one of my favorite maxim . ( he look at annina 's glass and see that it have never be fill } but this be bad . you do not drink ? Jan I do not like she to . : rinaldo nonsense . in champagne be the bubbles of life and love . ( he fill she glass ) here , my dear . . F Jan - anninal rinaldo come , drink it . annina I think I will have just a little gin . ( she raise the glass to she lip , rinaldo tilt 1t gently , so that a good deal more than she intend to drink gocs down she throat . she choke a little and jan be visibly upset ) rinaldo ( laugh ) a you mst learn to drink champecgne , little one ... and other thing . Rick she could get along without it . Jan ( shoot he e grateful glance ) I think so , too . rinaldo you be too young to know much about a number of thing , my friend . Jen . I be old enough to know what I want my wife to do . rineldo very good . very good . but you also must consider what other man would like you wife to do . Brent I do not seo ... 's annina oh , Jan . do not be alarmed . I will not get drunk . later I will show you thet I can walk a straight line . ( rinaldo fill she glass again . rick suddenly rise ) Rick I will be back in a little while . I will see how the table be do . ( he exit into the game room ) Jan anniaa , I think we should go . . rinaldo why , it be ecrly . you can not loave now . annina please , Jan , I be have such a good time . : Jan if we stay , you must promise not to drink any more . for rinaldo ( slip a erm around she ) you may stay with mce end drink all you want . Jan ( rising ) annina , we arc leave . rineldo perhaps you be leave , tut when I they host , I do not like my guest to leeve so early . : annina ( try to disengage he arm ) please , captoin , we seee rinaldo ( pull she down again ) gome sit down . we have make a bargain . Jan Captain , will you let my wife go ! rineldo ( turn to he ) . you fool ! if you go a exit vise , do not interfere . '' ( jan lean down and attempt to take rinaldo 's arm from around annina . there be a slight struggle and annina scrcan ) 2-238 annina jant ( rick re-entcr from the game room , see what 1s go on , and as jah draw beck he arm to hit rinaldo , rick put ont he hand ag if to stop he , even from the grect dis - tance , but the swing go through , the blow land , and rinaldo crash over backwards in he chair to the floor . at the seme moment , rick reach up and switch off the light from a wall switch behind he . there be scream and curse . after a short intorvsl , the light go on . rinaldo be stand in the middle of the floor , hold a hend to he face . he be livid with : rage . other people be stand . rick be in the identical place that we have last scen he . there be a cigarette in he hand , which he light calmly rinaldo ( scream ) lock the door ! no onc be to leave , ( he peer around angrily , but the viereck have vanish . to a genlarme who hes enter ) : search the gambling room . then the rest room . look for 4 young couple . the girl be blonde . they be in street - clothes . they can not have leave . ( ke wall over to Rick ) and now , my imperturbable ricky , you will explain about the light . Rick it go out . rincldo ( reaching for the switch over Rick 's head ) liko this . Rick ( turn he head slowly ) no. gendarme ( returning and salute ) they be not there , Captain . rinsldo where be they ? ( to Rick Rick I do not see any better in the dark than you . rineldo ( turn to the room ) there will be no more ontcrtainment tonight . Rick 's be close ! 2-2-39 rinaldo ( cont ) ( the customer start to chatter end whisper among themselves as they move slowly towards the door ) ( of the gendarme ) stand outside . watch everyone who leave . there be only one exit . : Rick now look , Luis .... rinaldo you look , my friend . this be very suspicious . light go out and pecple disappear . perhaps they manage to reach the door , but I do not think so . wow if they be here , it will be a lot better for you if you tell I now .... before I find them . Rick I ' i2 talk to you when you cool down , rineldo be very well . * ( he look around ) there be a room upstairs . Rick yes . rinaldo I be go up thero , and if I find they «so . Rick ( toss he the key ) this will make it easier for you . ( rinaldo catch the key and ascend the stair behind the bar ) ( rick : to lois and Victor , who have settle they bill , and be prepare to leave ) I would like you to stay if you can . Victor of course . ( they resume they sect ) ( rinaldo come downstairs , obviously disappointed . he look at lois and Victor . rick tekos he key ) rinaldo I say Rick 's be close . Rick I ask my fricnd to stay and keep I company . I shall be lonesome . rinaldo ( to they ) you will leave , please . Rick { also to they ) I will call you at the hotel . lois please do . ( they leave ) ( rinaldo , rick and the rabbit be alone in the room ) rineldo for the first time in three year , you have meade '' mistake . Rick do not be silly , Luis . rinaldo it 4s you who be foolish . that child will not know where to go if they do get out ... and if they do not , you will have they company and no other until I find they . z - Rick - you will be all right in the morning . rinaldo au voir , Rick . ( rick nod goodbye , snd rinaldo leave , rick sit immoveble . the rabbit 1s at the piano , he back to Rick . he , f&lso do not move . they remain this wey in a complete silence until the audience begin to get restless . then the rabbit say , without turn ) rabbit now , boss ? Rick no . ( they sit there silently for a little while . suddenly the door burst open and rinaldo slam in . he look rapidly around end be disappointed ) hello , Luis . rinaldo ( smiling ) I may change my mind about that search very soon . Rich ( impassively ) any time . ( rinaldo exit ) now , 2-2-41 Rick ( cont ) ( after a short time ) Sam . ( the rabbit spring to he foot , go over to the table at which lot and victor be sit , tug at it . it slide away from the wall and annina and jan come out as the curtain fall | al 3 ] sc +! tf of S everybody comp T tereb act cy hah aay yo be oe act three place : the bar of Rick 's Cafe . time : " the next evening . although the table be ali set , there be no customer present . Rick 's be still close . the light be not as bright as when the place be open for business , but the stage be well - light . ween the curtain rise : rick be alone on the stage , seat at he usual table work leisurely over gome book and papers . from time to time he glance at the door , as if expect someone . after a short time , the door open and the rabbit enter . Rick ( look up ) . do you get they , Sam ? raboit ( advance to the table ) yassuh . : Rick ( put down he pen , end lold out he hand ) let 's have they . ( Tho rabbit take two ticket out of he pocket and as he be in the act of tran - ferring they to Rick , the door open end rinaldo , dress in a work uniform , enter , sce the ticket ) rinaldo so you have boon buy plane tickct , rabbit ? Rick ( calmly trking the ticket from the rabbit , and put thom in he pocket ) oh , yes , we be tircd of casablanca . rinaldo but casablanca be not tired of you , m'siou blaine . . Rick come , come , Luis . why so formal ? ( the rabbit exit into the gambling room ) : rineldo because for the first time in three year I be here as prefect of Police , and not as a friend . Rick not for the first time , Luis . remember ? you close we up last night . rinaldo until we have settle this , I be Captain rinaldo . Rick Fine . then it ' will not be necessary for I to offer you a drink . with the place close , froe drink be quite a expense . rinaldo you can open immediately ... thet be up to yous Rick i Im listen . rinaldo I want the viereck . Rick the viereck ? rinelido ( impatiently ) Tho young boy and girl who be here lact night . the one who be responsible for the close . the people that you have hide successfully . Rick it seom that this be not a cafe 'e . it 's a safe derosit vox . last night you be look for papers , tonight for people . I only furnish drink and entertainment . rinaldo and plane ticket . Rick that be for Sam and I . rinaldo you be under suspicion . you wili not he allow to leave . 5- 3 Rick you forgct itm a american citizen . rinaldo . . it 1a the one thing that keep you ont of jail . and even that will not save you when we have proof . Rick of what ? rinaldo let we review the event of the past few day . first , a notorious seller of exit visa be arrest in here . when we scarch he , he do not heave the letter of transit that we know be in he possession when he enter you cafe . you disclaim all knowledge of they . the next evening , the prefect of Police , a very good fricnd of yours , be assault before half the people of casablanca by '' young fool . the light go out , and the people responsible for this outrage disappear . once again , you know nothing about it . Rick I be awfully sorry , but I can not protect you from joalous husband . im rinaldo ( sharply ) but you can protect the husband . Rick that 's ridiculous . rineldo it be the truth . thos. child heve never be in casablanca . it would have be imposeihle for thum to cvade we for this length of timc without help . you ere the onl ; person they know here . Rick not mich proof , there . rinaldo not onough to arrest you , but sufficicnt for we to seo that you do not leave . Rick be thet what you come to tell mo ? : rineldo . not entirely . ( a peuse ) I can nover completely forzut whet have heappon , but if you turn the vicrcck over to I , you will he permit to open . Rick theat make it touch «.. beenusc , you sec , I can not give you whet I have not get . rinaldo ( shake he head ) you be stubtorn . ( he rise , and prepare to leave ) rowever > when you change you mind , you may call I at the station . . Rick if I locate they , I '1l let you know . rinaldo ( exiting ) it will be much better for you if you try hard . ( the rabbit re-enter ) rabbit he sure be '’mad , boss . Rick Sam , do you think you be follow when you buy that ticket ? rabbit ah dunno , boss , but he sure get here awful fast . i Rick - that can not be help now , but we would better lock the door . ( the rabbit walk over and lock 1t ) { jan and annina come in from the gambling , room and approach Rick ) rabbit if yuh be not get nothin ! fer I to do , boss , ah'd like to catch up on my sleep . Rick go ahead , but I will need you later . ( the rabbit exit behind the bar and up the stair ) Jan mtsieu , we overhear . we can not allow you to take this trouble for we . Rick ( rising , go behind the bar and start to mix a cocktail ) ' quiet . speak to the brain of the family . ste understand . jan , I understand , too . you cafe be close , you be in dif - ficulty with the police ... and all because of my stupidity . annina you be not stupid , Jan . ( rick pour out drink for they without a word , hand they to they ) Rick you kid hungry ? annina no , kisieu . we could not eat a thing . Jan misieu Rick , this have becox too dangerous for you . we shall have to leave some time , and I think it be best that we go now , Rick that 's a good idea . where be you plan to go ? Jan i...er ... i... have no plan . it be dark , and ...er ... Rick i and if you get from here to the comer without be arrest , I will give you the place . Jan even so , n'sileu , we should go . Rick it 's go to be wonderful for annina when youtre in jail , Jan but you will take care of she ? Rick I will not 'be in a position to take care of anyone . figure it 's out . if you walk out of that door , you be finish .... and it will not do I any good , either . the only thing that could help I be if I turn you in to rinaldo myself , Jan then we will arrange it that way . Rick what kind of a heel do you think I be ? Jan but , m'sieu , we cannot stay here indefinitely , and if you will not let we leave , what be to be do ? Rick finish you drink and give I time to think of a way out . ( he come out from behind the bar and begin to pace up and down nervously , Rick ( cont ) bite he thumb , they watch hope - fully . suddenly , he stov , as a idea come to he . he snap ris finger . then he shake he head negatively ) no . he will not fall for that . . ( he resume he pace . after a short time , he say slowly ) yes , that should do it . ( he turn to annina ) you trust I , do not you ? annina yes , ktsieur , Rick c.k. , then , sit tight . ( lis walk to the bar , reach behind it , and bring up a telephone ) heilo . the police station , please . ( pause ) thank you . ( pause ) hello . Captain rinaldo , please . ( pause ) hello , Luis ? . ( pause ) : this be Rick . yes , yes , you win . I be beginning to see it tre right way now , ( pause } even I can maize a mistake . . ( pause and laughter ) well , come on over here , and I will have something that will interest you . | Jan so you have change you mind . Rick not atese . ( there be a knock on tre door ) Jan rinaldol annina het bere . Rick it could not be . but you kid ind better get inside . nove nowt ( they exit quickly into tre gambling room ) peer through a ( rick coe to tre door : pecphole ) oh , ttts you . ( fe open the door , and lois , ina stunnin : blue suit , enter ) lois you never call . Rick you should not have come , lois do not you know I always do the wrong thing ? Ric ! never mind that , listen to I . we be in .. lois I see you be still close . do the youngster get away ? : Rick they be all right . in fact , they be go to Lisbon . with you and Victor . lois that 's what I come to tell you . I be stay here . Rick and Victor ? i lois will leave if and when he can . Rick so you can not take it ? the so get too tough for you ? lois not at all , li want to stsy because you be here . Rick we raventt any time to play come , lois . I be wait for rinse ldo , now . lois rinaldolt Rick do not worry . I invite he . lois you entertain the nicest people . Rick playtime be over , lois ... at least for I . I be go to work , and if I miss ... ( he take a deep breath ) well , ilct 's not think of tmt . lois can I help ? Rick now that vou be here , you will have to . wow , listen ! ' ie must matce rinalde believe trat we be terribly in love ... lois that 's easy . Rick and that we do not give a damn about laszlo . lois . oh , ricky . that do not sound good to I . I ..... 6 - ( a knock at the door interrupt she ) Rick ( xing to open door ) everything ' will be fine 1 for you just follow my lead 1 amd ...oh , hell , you do not necd what I be go to say . lois tell mo , riek I be go to say , " look benutiful . " ? ( he open the door nm rinaldc enter ) rinaldo ricky , I imew ... ( he catch sight of lois snd bow ) Madame , this be a pleasant surprise . ( to Rick ) you do not tell I therc be a reason for change you mind . Rick you do not kave to know evorything . lois I hope not . ( she cross to Rick and put a arm through fis ) shall we heve a drink , darlinc ? rinaldo ( slyly ) now that you be soon to re-open , you ean afford it , ch ? Rick of course . and champrgno , too . { to rinaldo ) Luis , you do the honors , ‘ie want to hold hand . ( rinaldo go behind the bor and bring up a tottle of champu.no , while rick snd lois do hold hand ) lois do not ever let I go , ricky . 3 - 9 Rick you be sure you will never regret what you be do ? lois ( tilting she head back and look straight into nis eye ) I be sure , ( rinaldo have fill glass , and they pick they up ) Rick toceee rinaldo ( pick up he glass ) but ricky , to love ! ( they drink ) rinaldo and now , Rick , the viereck . . Rick let 's sit dowm a moment , Luis . rinaldo I like it here . where be the viereck ? Rick how much of a man be you , Luis ? rinaldo the viereck ? Rick trey're here . right in the other room . rinaldo ( start out from bebind the bar ) good , Rick ( walk to the end of the bar , and hold he ) now , Luis . wait . rinaldo een I arrest they , you may open immediately . Rick you be forget something else you want . Rina ldo one tt. ing ata time be encugh for I push rick geatly aside and start fox the door ) 5 - 10 Rick Tre letter of transit , Luis . ( rinaldo che ck ) you may heave that , too , ( rinaldo swing around ) rineldo . ab , you make I believe that you be really tre old Rick , again . Rick ( drawing lois close to he ) I have straigh tere out what be bother I . lois you mean I cause oll this ? Rick darling , for mar , you be a sort of personal earthquake , rinaldo have you the letter ? i ( rick nod ) - where ? Rick you must m.ke some concession , Luis . rinaldo I have already give you permission to open , Rick I want more then thet . rinaldo money ? '' Rick no , the vicreck . rinaldo . ( look at lot ) I do not understand , ' what can they mean to you ? Rick never mind . but if you could fand laszlo to strasser on a silver platter , what would tmt mean to you ? ( lois draw a sharp breath , and rick press she close to he ) rinaldo ( walk over to a table , sit , ami take out a cigarette from he case with the some de - liberation that ke ase in the first Act ) sometimes you frighten ms , Rick . I amafraid tmt you be vee rinaldo ( cont ) too subtle for my gallic mind . Rick there 's nothing subtle about tris . I have no resson to like isszlo , except sertap that he brintht lois back to I . ( he turn and look at she . she press closely against he ) rinaldo no , Rick , ido not trust you . there be something wrong . Rick suppose I be to telephone laszlo , from here , with you listen to every word I say , and ask he to come and pick up that letter of transit . rinaldo that sound very interesting . Rick : and you could wait here with lois and I until he come and then catch he receive 2 letter of transit t which he bas no right -- z rinaldo - marvelous ! Rick good enough to let the vierecl use the other letter of transit to leave casablanca ? rinaldo ( sitting back ) so , Rick there it be , Luis . take it or leave it . rinaldo wrat be there to prevent I from walk into that room , and arrest they nov ? Rick . you be too smrt todo that . they do not mean . thing to you ... and Victor laszlo neans 2 great deal . rinaldo it be not . bad bargain , but why 211 this interest in the viereck ? Rick ( turn to include lois ) it 's we inst cesture townrd sentimentality .... kind of peace offcring to love , rinaldo and how do you feel avout this madam ? you be travelint with laszlo . 5 - 12 lois that be my offerin - to love . Rick well ? rinaldo I would like to hear you use the telephone . Rick ( wolr over to lois and hold she by the shoulder ) lois , whem you cane bere the other night , you cam for a exit visa , do not you ? : lois yes , ricky , Rick and even if I would be a drunken , dissolute bum , you still would have sleep with I . lois vem yes , rickr , ( he tilt she chin up and give she 2 fleet - - ing kiss on the lip , and turn to the phone } Rick ( walk to telephone on bar , pick it up , riwaldo wetching he closely ) Hotel splendide , plenso , rinaldo ( to lois , while rick wit for the connection ) if I should ever travel , and , in a. moment of weakness , ask you to accompany I , please refuse , lois you wontt ask I . I 'ma little too old for you . Rick ( gotting the hotel ) Mr. laszlo . ( after lois ! lest remark , rinaldo have teken a elsarette fron bis case , and be tappin it slowly on nis case . then , with mock sorrow rinaldo as you say in America , another nail in my coffin . lois you should smoke more , and drink less , Captain . rinaldo ( look at she yuestioningly ) just how do you mean that , mademe ? lois just exactly the opposite of the way you think I mean it , Captain . Rick hello , mtsieu laszlo . this be Rick . ( pause ) Fine , thank you . and you ? ( peruse ) that 's toeo.bad . fut I think I have some good news for vou . ( pause ) no , I be still close , out I have hope . listen , I have think that matter over , and I be willing to give you that papers thnt be leave here for you . ( pause ) do not worry about that . she 's kere now , wait for you . ( rinaldo glance quizzically at lois , z who bite she lip} : lois May I have a cigarette , Captain . rinaldo certainly , ( he offer she one , and light it for ter ) Rick yes , bring a bag , the Lisbon plene lenve in half a hour , ( pause ) right . and do not forget to tne plenty of money . ( rinaldo grin sardonically ) no , not for that . I have something else in mind . ( pause ) save it . ( pause ) forget it . I will see you shortly . ( he rang up and tate 2 drink from the bar ) rinaldo eravo , ricky ! well do . : Rick ( with 2 sigh ) I hope so . leis ( walling over to he ) Rich , I go to get druni , I want to get drunk and stay @runk for . week . ' ' 3-14 Rick ( pour out some champagne ) a votre sante , lois not champagne , darling . brandy , rinaldo ( also raise a glass ) shall we drink to love again ? lois ( quietly ) noe let 's drink to France . : rinaldo with all my heart , lois ( turn to Rick ) to France , and to parigess ag we know it , ( they drink ) z Rick - ( Calling ) annina , Jan . come in here , - ( annina and jan enter slowly from the game room ) rinaldo ( urbanely ) good evening , ( anuina and jan acknowledge this in small voice ) come , come , this 1s no way for old friend to act . Rick Captain rinaldo have kindly consent to overlook what happen last night and permit you to leave , rinaldo yes , yes , thanks to the good word mtsieu say for you , Jan ( to rinaldo , stiffly ) thank you , m'sieu , but we have no exit visa . ( lois go to annina and draw aside with she , murmure ) . Rick oh , yes you have . ( he walk to the niano , lift the top and extract the envelope that uzarte have give he in the first Act . he take one letter from the envelope and hand it to jan . with a glad ery , annina break away from lois and 's run to read over Jan 's shoulder ) rinaldo 4ht I should have guess ! annina ( disappotntedly ) but this be not exit visa , m'sieu . rinaldo noe they .are better , Madame . you will have no difficulty leave with that , annina you be so kind . I do not know how to thankess rinaldo m'sieu Rick deserve all you thanks . ? annina , - . ( to Rick ) misieu , there be very little we can do , but I shall say a@ prayer for you . . Rick ( slowly ) say it for a man name ugarte ... I think he 's get it come to he . . lois ann . annina yes ? lois I think I would like you to say a prayor for I , tooe annina oh , Madame , I will Rick ( reaching into he pocket , and crossing to Jan ) here be the ticket for the plane Jan ( take they ) we shall remomber you all we life , h'sieu . ( to annina ) come , annina , 3~16 ( jan start for the door , and annina go to Rick and kiss he sweetly ) annina I wish you every happiness , ii 'sieur . - ( then , very shyly , sho go to rinaldo ) and you , too , m'sieu . rinaldo what ? no kiss for I ? lois ah , nice , a friend of the family . rinaldo ( look at she ) yes , Madame , ( he take annina by the shoulder and kiss she on the forehead ) ( jan and annina start for the door ) Rick ( to they ) wait ( to rinaldo ) have not you forget something , Luis ? rinaldo I do not think so . why ? ricle how about call off you little watchdog outside ? rinaldo oh , they will not give they any trouble Rick now , Luis , behave lot rinaldo if you wish , I shall ... Rick I wish . ( rinaldo crossos to the front door , open it , take the little silver whistle from he pocket , blow it . a gendarme cone almost immediately ) : ' rinaldo withdraw the man . Tho place be no longer close , nor under surveillance , gendarme but , captoinese rinaldo that be my order . gendarme ( salute ) yes , Captain . ( rick saunter over to the door , and , as rinaldo start to close it , he hold 1t open ) Rick . you do not mind , Luis ? rinaldo ( grinning ) not at all , my friend . ( rick peer out for a short time , then he seem satisfied and close the door ) Rick ( to annina and Jan ) the plane leave soon . go directly to the airport . you know how to get there ? ? Jan oh yes , m'sfeu , . ( they start for the door . at the door , annina turn , want to say something , thon exita quickly , close the door behind she ) rinaldo ( with a sigh ) I wonder if it be wise . lois De not worry , Captain . I be sure that there be still woman leave in casablanca . . rinaldo ( look at hor spoculati vely ) yess . oh , yes . Rick ( go to the bar ) how about a drink ? lois another , dear ? Rick I think you want to ' get drunk . lois not quite yet . ina little while , 3 - 18 Rick come here , darling . ( she move slowly over to he , and he suddenly crush she in he arm , and attempt to kiss she . she struggle ) lois Rick ! Rick , we have company . rinaldo it 18 of no consequence ... as you say , a friend of the family , ( they kiss ) ( there be a knock on the door , as they stand lock in each other 's arm , they separate ) ( rinaldo , move swiftly ) I shall be in the other room , ( he exit into the game room ) ( rick start for the door} lois ( grasp he arm and pull he around ) oh , Rick . ( he look down into she eye , for a long moment ) Rick so many thing to remember . ( he break away from she and open the door , victor enter } where be you bag ? Victor in the cer , ( then , to lois ) < I bring yours too , dear . Rick here 1s you letter of transit . you have not much tim , the plane leave soon . ( as victor take the letter ) you will not have any trouble at Lisbon , will you ? Victor no . that be all arrange . Rick goods ( rinaldo come slowly out of the game room and walk quietly across the floor ) rinaldo mtsieu lazzlo , you be under arrest . the letter , please . 3- 19 ( victor spin around in consternation , lois ' hand go to she mouth ) Rick ( who have take a gun from he pocket and levell it at rinaldo ) not so fast , Luis , not so fast . . rinaldo ( stare open-mouthed for a moment ) have you lose you mind , Rick ? Rick no . you have lose the game . sit down , over there , : rinaldo ( walk towards he ) put that gun down . Rick ( not retreate a step ) - Luis , it would make very little difference to I if I 'had to shoot you . and I will , if you take one more step ! ( rinaldo halt for a moment , and study : Rick , then he shrug ) rinaldo very well , . Rick sit down 3 ( rinaldo walk to a table , at right , and sit , and take out the cigarette case ) rinaldo I suppose you know what you be do , but I wonder if you - realize what this mean ? Rick perfectly . we will have plenty of time to discuss that later . : ( then , to Victor and lois ) you would better set go if you want to make that plane . lois ( start to run towards he ) ricky | io . ( laszlo catch she by the arm . she strugcle ) let I gol let I get Rick thanks , Victor , lois ( raginz ) : oh , yous . . youss . 3- 20 . Rick no , darling , he be right . if you have run in front.of rarr , my good friend the Captain piget have turn the table . ( she cease to struggle lois all right . I be sorry , I sha not be so stupid again , but , Victor , you must let I stay here , I be not go with you , Victor that , my dear , be entirely up to you . Rick ( sharply ) you be go , lois , lois no , no , no ! you fool , I be in leve with you again . it 's true that I come here for a exit visa , when I see you , my imec go weak , I 'mesee '' Rick z you be go , lois , there 's nothing here for you , you '' tell I .... i be finish ... all burn out .. Victor 's still fight , and he need you , lois . . lois ( frantically } I do not care . I be ... Rick get she out of hore , Victor , for God 's sake ... Victor ( pull she towards door ) Rick , be you sure it 's worth it ? Rick -( foreefully ) I be sure ... you have get a job to do . vietor ( swoep lois with he towards door ) thank you , Rick , and no matter what you think ... you be still fight . : Rick oh , Victor , . ( victor pause and look questioningly at he ) that kid that be in here , the other night . they be goin to be on tre plane with yous take care of they , will you Victor of course . and be not there anything eee Rick forget it , youtve cot to make that plano . 5- 21 ( victor and lois reach door . victor go through first : lois stand in doorway for a moment , silhouett in the light . ) lois Goodbye , Rick . ( she exit . rick go over to he table , Left , still watch rinaldo closely , ard keep the gun train on he . rick sit . there be a silence ) : rinaldo how long do you intend to keep I here ? . Rick that depend , ( he raise he voice and shout ) Sam ! Sam ! rabbit { from upstairs ) comin ' , boss .. : ( the raebit come down stair , as he be : come towards they ) : Rick ( continue to rinaldo ) remember , Luis , he be not in this . . rinaldo he do not interest I . Sam ( who see the gun , and stop ) whut 's de trouble , boss ? . Rick no trouble , Sam . the Captain and [ want to hear a little music . get over to the piano , but take care when you step across the line of fire . Sam ( perplex , but obey ) . : yaesuh rinaldo May 1 go now ? I do not wish to listen to music . Rick no . rinaldo but this ia absurd , they have leave . there be no reason for hold I here , Rick just for a little while , Luis , there 's still the telerhone t ea22 Rick ( cont ) ( the rabbit have seat hinself at piano and start to improvise rather softly ) louder , and faster , Sam , make it hot . ( the rabeit increase the tempo , swinging very loud and fast . Music swell , get wilder ) rinaldo ( hysterically ) must you play } Rick keep play , Sam . ( the rabbit obey , and suddenly the sound of a plane motor cut across the noise of iano . both rick and rinaldo lool up . fhe musie stop ) rinaldo the Lisbon plane , tay Rick - and that let you out . ( befora sither of they can move , the door burst open and strasser rush in . he be in a tower rage ) strasser you imbecile ! you stupid swine ! ' they be go ] they wear on that plano ! rinaldo I imow it . . strasser and you fine neutral here , he '' responsible , ( then he see the gun and check , rick take the gun and point it very deliber - ately at strasser ) Rick at the present moment , I be debete very seriously with ny ~ self the question of kill you . I do not sve any reason what I should not , except -- that I have never kill a ten . ( he throw the gun econtomptuously on table . syrasser leap for it and cover Rick ) strasser you be under arrest . Rick ( coolly ) not really . ( he rise slorly , Tho rabbit watch he with agonize eye strasser ioan wait , Rick ( start walk slowly towards door ) so long , Sam , I would go over to the Blue parrot , if I be you fis he pass rinaldo , who have not move ) rinaldo why do you do it , Rick ? Rick ( pause ) for the fold money , Luis , for the fold money . you owe I five thousand francs , ( rick walk out with strasser as the