evil under the SUN a screenplay base on the novel by agatha christie by ANTHONY shaffer second draft amend to remove the character of rosamund darnley and motivate daphne Castle . note the entire action take place on or around smuggler ' Island with the exception of the open eight scene and a brief scene in the royal palace tirane , albania . the staff at the hotel can be dress mock - pirate fashion . the year be 1935 character in order of appearance a woman hiker a yorkshire police sergeant a yorkshire police driver a yorkshire police surgeon alice corrigan a murder victim executive trojan insurance company secretary to the executive of the trojan insurance company hercule poirot daphne castle bill mr odell gardener mrs myra gardener miss agnes brewster bert charlie mr horace blatt mr patrick redfern mrs christine redfern captain kenneth marshall mrs arlena marshall miss linda marshall mrs gladys norracott miss betty trumble a amateur detective proprietress of the jolly Roger Hotel , smuggler ' Island a boatman Guest at the Hotel Guest at the Hotel Guest at the Hotel servant at the Hotel servant at the Hotel Guest at the Hotel Guest at the Hotel Guest at the Hotel Guest at the Hotel Guest at the Hotel Guest at the Hotel maid at the Hotel > prp > pp > pp pp > > pb servant at the Hotel character - in order of appearance - continue zog doctor musa colonel race police sergeant two albanian policemen King of albania a albanian Police surgeon , who visit smuggler ' Island a investigating Officer a local albanian policeman . i pe 5 open credit sequence ext . moorland yorkshire late winter afternoon a high angle shot of a young woman dress in the hike style of the early thirty run across wild moorland . we be too far away clearly to be able to identify she face . mix through to the next scene . ext . another part of the yorkshire moorland late afternoon the woman hiker be see from the back , run through heather and splash through a stream mix through to the next scene . ext . another part of the yorkshire moorland late afternoon the woman hiker see from the back climb out of the stream and gain a rough track lead over a small stone bridge . she run over it and disappear into the melancholy countryside . mix through to the next scene . ext , yorkshire village high STREET dusk the village street be empty . prominent be a Police Station . the woman hiker , again see from the back , run panting into it . int . police station evening a police sergeant sit at a desk . the hiker , again see from the back , rush up to he . woman hiker murder ! ... murder ! ... you must come at once ! there 's a woman lie dead out at marley copse . I think she 's be strangle . ext . yorkshire moorland night a high shot of a police car racing through the countryside . it be drive by a police constable . next to he be the police surgeon . two figure be dimly perceive sit in the back seat . one be the woman hiker . the other be helmete . we hear they conversation , but never go inside the car , or get a clear view of the feature of the woman . 6 continue police sergeant now madam , what time do you say it be when you find the body ? woman hiker about a quarter past four ... I think she would only just be kill . police sergeant how do you know that ? do you see anybody hang about ? woman hiker no . but she be still warm . the car race away from camera , over the moor . ext . marley copse night a torch break the darkness and light up the distort face of alice corrigan . the strangle body lie in deepish bracken beside it kneel a police surgeon . police surgeon let 's see , it 's now six o'clock . I would say she would be dead no more than two hour . say four o'clock , as the outside for time of death . police sergeant the young woman say she be still warm when she find she at four fifteen sir . police surgeon well , so she would have be . warm as toast . int . office of the trojan insurance company day a senior executive of the trojan insurance company sit at he desk read some papers . there be a knock at the door and he look up eagerly as a young female secretary come in . secretary hercules parrot , sir . the secretary withdraw as hercule poirot enter . he carry a folder of papers . the executive rise and indicate a chair on the other side of the desk . executive good morning monsieur poirot . please take a seat , continue poirot bon jour monsieur . he sit in the proffer seat as the executive regains he own chair . executive well , I hope you have some good news for I . poirot alas no . I regret that I can find nothing in this report to justify my re-investigate this case for you . it be dll perfectly clear from the police report . I know Mrs Alice corrigan insure she life with you company , in she husband 's favour , and that , he be the only person with a motive for kill she , but when it come down to the copper tack , he could not possibly have do so . clearly on the evidence , the lady be murder between four o'clock and four fifteen , when the body be find at marley copse . from two o'clock to four twenty , Mr Edward corrigan be see by at least half a dozen people to be on a train come up from London . and the railway station be a good fifteen minute walk from marley copse . non , it be , parbleu , one of that rare case where the insurance company must , as you say , laugh and lump it . . executive well if that 's you view monsieur poirot , then I suppose we will have to er - do just that . I must say I be not surprised . the evidence be most conclusive . still we have hope ... poirot for a miracle ? alas it be not possible . 4s be most often the case in les affaire criminelle , the fact be exactly as they appear to be . I wish you good day , monsieur . poirot rise , bow and depart , leave the folder of papers on the table . a slow mix through to the next scene . 10 11 12 13 4 ext . aerial view of smugglers ' island late afternoon a establish shot of smuggler ' Island bask in the late afternoon 's sun . a row boat be approach the Island with four figure in it . we track in towards the nautical window of the bar of the jolly Roger Hotel . int . the bar of the jolly roger HOTEL late afternoon daphne castle , a flamboyant fortyish ex-courtesan , now proprietress of the jolly Roger Hotel stand in the bar straighten she hair , and generally put the finish touch to she appearance . it be about five o'clock on a summer 's evening . she look out of the bottle glass window down at the strip of water which separate the Island from the mainland . int / ext . the sea late afternoon a shot of the row boat approach the Island see through the bottle glass window from daphne castle 's point of view . int . the bar of the jolly roger HOTEL late afternoon daphne castle react with satisfaction . ext . rowing boat late afternoon bill the boatman be row three guest across from the Main - land . he be a typical Salt . in the boat be mr and mrs odell gardener , a american couple from New York . she be large , with blue rinse hair and diamante spectacle wear on a chain . he be thin , tall , slightly stoop and legalistic , with a scrawny neck top by a turtle shape head . the last occupant of the boat be miss agnes brewster , a athletic , middlenage spinster , who cloak she vulnerability under a gruff manner . mrs gardener ( look towards the Island ) ah! smuggler 's Island ! my , do not it look romantic . I can just see Warner baxter and elissa landi in a movie , set here , can not you odell ? mr gardener yes dear . 13 continue mrs gardener it would have to be something ; like the kidnap of a Sheik 's daughter by a brigand of the sea ... Oriental pride yield to piratical kiss in a duel of male might and female charm . a exotic drama of love 's sublime cruelty . she sigh rapturously . mr gardener I believe they have already use that particular phrase to describe the motion picture " in her arm " dear , though I pelieve on that occasion they be parisian kiss to which Oriental pride yield . mrs gardener ( firmly ) well never mind about that odell . in the jolly Roger Hotel it would darn well yield to a pirate 's buss . ( to miss brewster ) we be myra and odell gardener by the way . from New York City . mr and mrs gardener extend they hand . miss brewster shake miss brewster how do you do , I be agnes brewster . I hope you be enjoy you holiday . mr gardener it 's be just great . we have be do England . miss brewster and have you do it ? mrs gardener sure. canterbury Cathedral . the Crown jewel , lord croquet Ground , though that gentleman be not play the day we be there - you know the whole box of trick . but enough be enough . last week I say to Mr kelso at cook , sight see be all very well , but all I want now be to get to some quiet spot in the Mediterranean and just relax . mind you , I say not just anywhere . oh no . it have to be sanitary . a cousin of odell 's go to a place in Wale last year where they only have a earth closet . be not it so odell ? 13 14 '' ext . continue mr gardener two earth closet I think it be , dear . one for the guest and one for the servant . mind you , I believe it be very picturesque . mrs gardener ( sharply ) picturesque or not , you would think at least they would have be able to provide the pay customer with a water closet . ( to miss brewster ) you british sometimes take this olde worlde charm to quite ludicrous length . miss brewster it 's just that we do not believe in pamper ourselves that 's all . it 's my belief that all that central heating you have in America sap the energy of the nation , aside from be extremely bad for the complexion , it encourage - acne in the young , and crater in the not so young . ( to Bill the boatman ) come along boatman , dig that oar in ! pull with a will ! bill give she a sour look and row even more lethargically than he have be do . mix through to the next scene . the terrace of the jolly roger HOTEL late afternoon daphne castle stand on the terrace of the jolly Roger Hotel welcoming mr and mrs gardener and miss brewster . in the background two servant bert and charlie struggle up the step from the tiny harbour to the hotel carry baggage . daphne castle I be dapline Castle , let I welcome you to smuggler ' Island . I do hope you will be most comfortable here . miss brewster I think Mr and Mrs gardener be a little concerned about earth closet . daphne castle Earth closet ! what can you possibly mean miss brewster ? 14 15 continue mr gardener perhaps I should explain that my wife be somewhat suspicious of lavatorial system which be not indigenous to the United States of America , Mrs castile . daphne castle ( to Mrs gardener ) I be sure you will find all the loos here perfectly adequate Mrs gardener . we even bave bidet in all the bath - room , if you will please follow I . daphne castle move off towards the hotel , follow by miss brewster . mrs gardener I tend to believe that bidet be basically un - american , odell . still I suppose we will have to put up with they . the gardener follow the other towards the Hotel . ext . rowing boat late afternoon bill row he boat towards smuggler 's Island . it contain mr blatt , a jolly , coarse , life - and - soul - of - the-party , self - make man , and patrick redfern and he wife christine redfern . he be a good look young irishman , fair-haire , and athletic . she be fair skinned , pleasant look in a somewhat wash - out way . they be sit in a reserve silence . mr blatt inevitably decide to start the ball roll . mr blatt well , well , well ! might as well break the ice . blatt 's the name . Horace blatt . beef or mutton . L for leather . aphorism . tea for two , twice . get it ? he laugh considerably at he own oft repeat witticism . patrick redfern I be Patrick redfern , and this be my wife christine . they smile at each other . 15 16 17 continue mr blatt a Mick ? patrick redfern well I come from Dublin actually , but I have not be back for year . mr blatt I say , I say , I say . how do you make a irishman burn he ear ? patrick redfern Ring he up when he 's irone . it be not very funny when I first hear it five year ago . mr blatt , crush , look away towards the Island . int . HOTEL corridor and view of bedroom evening the two servant bert and charlie be put the luggage in the allocate bedroom . we track down a long corridor follow daphne castle to see through open door that mr and mrs gardener , miss brewster and mr horace blatt have already establish themselves in they room . unpack have start , and we hear the sound of bath be run . she approach the redfern ' room . int . mr and mrs redfern ' bedroom evening mr and mrs redfern be start to unpack . charlie be just retire through the open door , as daphne castle appear in it . daphne castle Mr and Mrs redfern ? patrick redfern yes . daphne castle I be daphne Castle - the pirate Chief . welcome to smuggler ' Island . christine redfern thank you . it all look marvellous . I be sure we will have a nice time here . 17 continue daphne castle well a bit naughty I hope too . christine redfern naughty ? daphne castle well what be hol for if one can not do a bit of flirt , and get a bit pissyboos ? patrick redfern quite right . - christine shoot she husband a venomous look . daphne castle yes , when fate cast I up here on this old rock , I say to myself people be go to have fun in a crazy old English atmosphere even though it 's in the Med . so you will find the servant be all English and properly train , and there 's lot of game to play and of course there 's great grub . patrick redfern ah now we be talk . most English hotel fall down in that department . cold mutton and cabinet pudding be not my idea of holiday nourishment . daphne castle I do not think you will find that either dish feature on darling andrea 's menus . let 's face it , he be almost the great saucier in the aegean . I say almost , because he do have a slightly hysterical hand with the créme fraiche , but it be a fault on the right side . see you for cocktail around seven . she breeze out . patrick redfern funny lady . he take a robe and swim trunk from he suitcase and go into the bathroom . 17 18 19 10 continue patrick redfern ( v.0 . ) what do you think she mean by fate casting she up on this old rock ? christine redfern do not you know the story ? she use to be the mistress of King Zog of albania , and when he marry he give she this island . patrick redfern ( v.0 . ) provide she keep away , I suppose . generous fellow . christine redfern Wise fellow . wive do not much like girl friend hang around the place - or do not you know that either ? patrick redfern walk into the room , wear only a swim costume . and carry he robe . we note he fine physique . there be a moment of tension between they . patrick redfern yes , I have notice . toodle doo . he leave the room jauntily . christine look after he speculatively then move to the window to look out . her face harden at what she see . ext . the SMALL harbour evening we see the harbour from christine redfern 's point of view the row boat be just be make fast by bill . in it be captain kenneth marshall , a well groom slightly stern man of about forty five year old , he wife arlena marshall , a tall stun red head of about thirty year old , and he daughter ( she step daughter ) linda marshall , @ gauche unform , unhappy girl of fifteen or so . ext , the jetty in the harbour evening the marshall step ashore . at the same moment patrick redfern pass they on a path which lead down to the Hotel Beach . he stop when he catch sight of arlena , he face register surprised delight . then he gaze travel uneasily to she husband and back again , to arlena . patrick redfern why hullo arlena . 11 19 continue arlena marshall dahling ! Fancy meeting you here , of all place . what a astounding coin - eidence . patrick redfern by St. Patrick himself and all the snake in Ireland it be that . arlena marshall do you know my husband , Kenneth ? patrick redfern hullo there . kenneth marshall how do you do . arlena marshall Patrick and I meet in London at the gordon a couple of week ago . you remember , I tell you about it , Ken . they have that marvellous josephine Baker sing there . she sing Les mot d'amour , direct it in a very obvious way at patrick redfern . quite abruptly she stop sing and suddenly there be turn on linda . arlena marshall this be my step -daughter Linda , cloud aside to Linda ) stop stand there all pink and sticky like a half eat 's marshmallow , and say good evening to Mr redfern . linda marshall ( mumble ) good evening . patrick redfern good evening Linda . a awkward moment of tension . patrick redfern well I will be take myself off to have my dip . see you all later . arlena marshall look after he appreciatively , as he walk off down towards the beach . her husband and step daughter regard she with somewhat less than the same pleasure . the 19 20 21 12 continue camera pan round and track in towards christine redfern 's window , to see she still stand at it look down . mix through to the next scene . ext . rowing boat evening bill row he boat raggedly towards the Island . in the stern sit hercule poirot in acute distress . poirot ma foie . can not you row this boat more calmly ? bill gawd bless you sir . it 's calmer than a cup of tea today . poirot I have never find anything calming about a cup of tea . it be simply a device use by the English to underscore tension . bill well you ought to see it someday ~- wave like roller coaster ! poirot groan and clasp he stomach . int . SUN lounge evening in the glass in sun lounge daphne castle 's cocktail party be in full swing . mr and mrs gardener be talk to mr and mrs redfern and miss brewster . captain marshall and he daughter be talk to each other . daphne castle and a couple of maids - gladys norracott , and betty trumble - be move anxiously through the room serve canape and drink . in the general chatter of conversation we pass close by horace blatt tell poirot a dirty joke . mr blatt you see this feller come run down the hospital corridor , hold he private , pursue by the nurse carry a bowl of boil water . and follow they be the doctor yell " no nurse . what I say be prick he boil " . . 21 13 continue mr blatt collapse into gale of laughter and move away . the camera track into a close up of a baffle poirot as he be join by daphne castle and betty trumble hold a tray of drink . daphne castle how about a cocktail monsieur poirot ? poirot what would you suggest , Madame ? daphne castle point to the various glass on the tray as she name they . daphne castle a White Lady ? a sidecar ? a mainbrace ? a between the sheet ? a King Zog ? poirot examine the last name in its tall frost glass , dubiously . : poirot and what might be in that one Madame ? daphne castle mostly 151 % bacardi - arejo rum . it will grow hair on you eyeball . poirot I do not believe that my eye need to be that guard , Madame , but if you have a little creme de cassis , or perhaps a sirop de fraise , I should be most content . daphne castle ( doubtfully ) sound a bit soppy to I but I will see what I can do . poirot merci , Madame . betty trumble leave with she tray of drink to circulate through the party . she be replace at a sign from daphne castle by gladys norracott bear a tray of canapé . prominent be some multicoloure one , and other form into the shape of smile black face . daphne castle meanwhile how about a rainbow 's end , or a nice Birmingham smile . they be both tre muresque - you know , very moreish . 21 14 continue the dish of canape be proffer and poirot take one . daphne castle 's attention be distract by mr and mrs redfern who be in animated conversation with the gardener , and with a bright backwards look smile at poirot she swoops down on they . daphne castle ah , Mr redfern , what do I tell you . everybody enjoy themselves here . it 's not call the jolly Roger for nothing - even though the name might be say to be more appropriate to a amusing brothel . behind she poirot bite into he canape . creame crab spurt out over the lapel of he jacket . the camera move with daphne castle as she join kenneth and linda marshall . in the background poirot dab ruefully at he clothing with a handkerchief , and unashamedly listen . kenneth marshall by jove , daphne , you have be successful since we last meet - how long ago be it ? daphne castle it must be a good seventeen year Linda certainly be not bear . as a matter of fact I do not think you would even marry you first wife then . kenneth marshall no , I do not think I have . poor Mary she have such a unhappy life . but let 's not talk about she . let 's talk about you . you be rich and famous - everyone 's hear about this crazy hotel of yours - it 's always in the glossy . daphne castle poor and infamous you mean . they laugh intimately together . seriously , you should not believe every - thing you hear Kenneth . I be not that much change from the daft daphne you use to know at shipley . linda marshall be you at shipley ? daddy 's tell I so much about it . 21 22 15 continue daphne castle yes , we be neighbour for year . do you remember the day we take Toby down to the river to get water rat , and you push I in in my best dress ? kenneth marshall absolutely . and you fly into the most frightful rage , and half choke I to death , daphne castle not I , it 's impossible . the only attack I have ever make on anyone be when I throw my spaghetti alla yongole at mussolini for try to grope I under the table in the vatican . kenneth marshall what rot ! you use to fly into the most fearful rage in that day . we all have to watch we ps and qs a bit . ah here come arlena now ... arlena marshall enter the room . she be dramatically attire and gorgeous to look at . conversation cease on the instant as all eye turn towards she . patrick redfern take a few step in she direction , he arm outstretch , and we freeze the picture . a series of quick cut establish the company 's reaction . slow mix through to the next scene . ext . the terrace above the bathing beach morning hercule poirot array in a white duck suit lie in a deck chair surveying the sunlit scene below . sunbath on the beach be mr and mrs redfern ( the latter in the shade of a umbrella ) , horace blatt , kenneth marshall and linda marshall and mr and mrs gardener . daphne castle be swim . miss brewster sit beside poirot on the terrace . miss brewster I understand you be a very distinguished detective monsieur poirot . poirot people have be felicitous enough to have tell I that I have some slight skill in that metier , Madame . 16 22 continue miss brewster I do hope we be not go to have any body on smuggler ' Island . poirot let I assure you Madame I be here simply to spend the holiday . I do not even think of crime . and yet as to body , what be they ? he point down to the beach below . regard they there lie out in row like corpse in the morgue . they be not man and woman . there be nothing personal about they . they be just body , like butcher ' meat on slab . chunks of flesh grill in the sun . when I be young one barely see even the ankle . miss brewster ( firmly ) I must say though that I think the thing we wear nowadays be much more sensible . the air must be allow to circulate freely round the body . a healthy mind in a healthy body , that 's my motto and I keep mine healthy row . poirot look down self - consciously at he expansive paunch . miss brewster notice . miss brewster you would soon have that off if you row monsieur poirot . poirot Mademoiselle I detest boat . I have the mal de mer . even my bath give I sea sickness . on the beach we see christine redfern get up from under she umbrella , . and start to walk up the step towards the hotel . patrick redfern go down the beach to swim . the camera zoom in for a moment to isolate he as he plunge in and start to swim , use a powerful crawl stroke . 22 continue miss brewster ( half Voice over Patrick redfern swim and half direct speech ) how unfortunate . I suppose it 's a bit like height . some people can not stand they . I be not very good myself , but Mrs redfern be far worse . why only this morning on the cliff path above keelhaul cave , she turn giddy and simply clung to I , quite unable to move . 17 christine redfern come up to the group . her skin noticeably very white , hullo dear . we be just talk about you . christine redfern it 's a wonder my ear be not burn . everywhere else do , so easily . poirot you do not like the sunbathing , Madame ? christine redfern I only wish I could but I do not go brown . I just become like a cassata ~ pink skin , white blister , and green in the face . polite laughter while she put on she robe . be not it blissful here . so tranquil . so far away from all trouble and violence . poirot it be true the sky be blue , and the sun shine , but you forget Madame , everywhere there be evil under the sun . arlena marshall walk down from the hotel to the beach , pass the group . she be very suntan , and wear a back - less white bathing suit . on she head she wear a fantastic chinese hat of jade green cardboard . she move with superb assurance and the whole effect be rather like a stage entrance . poirot ah , Madame Marshall ! what be she stage name ? 22 23 24 18 continue miss brewster ( sharply ) arlena Stuart . poirot oh yes . I see she in come and go a couple of year ago at the alhambra , it be tré charmant . do you ever see she Mademoiselle ? miss brewster I be employ by she once , and she be not charmant monsieur poirot , believe I . she 's poisonously rotten through and through . poirot be it possible , Mademoiselle ? miss brewster yes . I be she secretary for over five year . I tell you she can be a remorseless fiend . she want every - thing for herself . she will give nothing to anybody else ~- no reference , no help . and she will - .use any device to prevent you tell the truth about she . ext . booty beach morning arlena marshall have reach the beach , and stand irresolutely look about she . patrick redfern swim back to the beach with powerful , flamboyant stroke , as if draw towards she by a magnet . ext . the terrace above the bathing beach morning the group of poirot , miss brewster and christine redfern be as it be before in scene 22 . poirot what you say be truly shocking Mademoiselle . do not you think so Madame redfern ? christine redfern get to she foot and wave to she husband . in the distance we see he pause , then ignore the wave , and deliberately walk off with arlena marshall down the beach . abruptly . christine redfern turn and leave the terrace , head back towards the hotel . 24 25 19 continue miss brewster I think I shall go for my row now . miss brewster rise and walk off the terrace in the direction of the small harbour . slowly poirot shake he head . poirot mais oui . undoubtedly there be the smell of evil here . poirot struggle out of the deck chair and stroll down the step towards the beach . ext . booty beach morning daphne castle come out of the sea . her bathing suit be outstandingly chic . her gaze be alternate between kenneth marshall who be lie next to he daughter on the sand take the sun , and arlena marshall and patrick redfern who be sit and talk further down the beach , as poirot stroll up to she . poirot good morning Mademoiselle . what a charming costume . daphne castle why thank you monsieur poirot . poirot the bathing costume can be so un - flatter n'est ce pas ? daphne castle ( look at arlena ) it be my opinion that ninety eight percent of all the people in this world should never put one on . poirot Mrs Marshall of course be one of the remain two percent . daphne castle obviously . it 's one of a couple of activity she do to perfection . poirot the other be ? daphne castle adultery . 20 25 continue poirot so you think you old friend of seventeen year ago have make the mistake in marrying she eh ? she shoot he a shrewd look . daphne castle a mistake ? it 's a silver plate , copper bottome , gilt -edge , disaster . still it probably suit he . he always be a collector of lame duck . poirot she do not look much like le canard poiteux , to I . daphne castle ob you do not understand . he marry he first wife simply because no one elise would have she , and when she die he upped and marry that shop - wear piece of fluff when she be jilted by Lord coddington after be cite in he divorce . poirot well perhaps Mademoiselle , she make he the good wife . daphne castle good wife , as they say in Italy , do not grow horn on they husband ' head . why only last year that randy old fool Sir George Barry leave she every penny of he money , - about one hundred thousand pound by all account - enough to keep she in single chin for life and I tell you , she do not get that for she racing tip . now it look as if she 's get she claw into Patrick redfern , and that poor wife of he have not the faintest idea of how to remove they . it 's a pity really , but in the end I suppose all lady have to learn to defend what they want . do not you agree monsieur poirot . she smile at poirot mischievously and walk off along the beach to join kenneth marshall , poirot look after she thoughtfully . he see linda marshall get up and run down the beach towards where patrick redfern and arlena marshall 25 21 continue be talk . slowly he walk in the same direction . mr blatt come splash up from the sea , in a loud stripe bathing suit which make he look like a corpulent wasp , and intercept poirot . mr blatt he roar mr blatt good morning monsieur P. I see they will not get you in the briny in a hurry . poirot non . I have never care for la mer . mr blatt well I suppose you can not teach a old frog new trick eh ? laugh uproariously . hercule poirot be scandalize . poirot a old frog ? ... what can this mean ? mr blatt frog ... froggie ... you know - frenchman . poirot ( coldly ) I be not old , and I be not a frenchman . mr blatt eh? poirot monsieur , I be a belgian . mr blatt I beg pardon . I think they be all the same , vieux haricot . poirot pardon ? mr blatt vieux haricot - Old bean - get it ? with laughter again , towell himself vigorously as he do so . poirot nod in mystification . mr blatt Care to join I for a pre-lunch livener ? 25 22 continue poirot still look bemuse , so mr blatt mime the action of drink . poirot ah l'aperitif . Une bonne idee , before turn back towards the hotel , poirot look down the beach to where linda have join she step -mother and patrick redfern about thirty yard away . the camera zoom in to join they . arlena marshall {to Linda ) what the hell be you do here Linda ? do you father send you to play goose - berry , chaperon , or spy ? linda marshall ( panting ) I think I would just come for a chat arlena . I do not seem to be have any fun . arlena marshall well why do not you go back to the hotel , dahling , and write out five hundred time , I must try not to look so abysmally dowdy , and if you take you own advice you may just get to have some . linda flee awkwardly away down the beach towards where poirot and mr blatt be start they walk towards the swim pool bar . she be sobbing and cursing under she breath . arlena marshall ( to Patrick redfern ) really , that girl run like a disease dromedary . the camera zoom back to its previous position . as she pass poirot and mr blatt we hear distinctly what she be say . linda marshall the bitch ! ... I could kill she ! ... I could kill she ! poirot shake he head at mr blatt who look away in embarrassment . they continue they walk towards the bar as the camera pan off they to where daphne castle be sit on the beach talk to kenneth marshall . 23 25 continue daphne castle I know it 's none of my business , but if I may presume on a old friendship , I would like to ask you why you put up with she ? kenneth marshall who ? daphne castle arlena of course , she do make you look a bit cheapyboos . kenneth marshall I suppose she do . still I can cope with it . daphne castle do you think Linda can ? kenneth marshall what do you mean ? daphne castle well , she 's always on at the child , bitching the hell out of she . kenneth marshall yes . it 's a pity about that . Linda 's like she mother . she take thing hard . daphne castle then why not do something about it ? kenneth marshall like what for instance ? daphne castle like fix up a divorce for instance . people do it all the time you know - with most of my friend it 's almost a full time occupation . kenneth marshall not with I . a deal 's a deal . I do not approve of quick marriage and easy divorce . arlena be my wife , and that 's all there be to it . daphne castle till death do you part ? 25 26 27 24 continue kenneth marshall exactly . daphne castle ( thoughtfully ) I see . ext . the sea near the beach morning mr and mrs gardener be on a pedal float . mrs gardener do the talk while mr gardener do the pedall . they pass the spot on the beach where arlena marshall be talk to patrick redfern . as they go by , arlena take patrick 's arm and walk he down the beach , carefully keep the hand which tickle he neck , screen from she husband . mrs gardener look at that . still up to she old trick . she have not change a bit . she 's man mad ... how much be it she cost we ? mr gardener fifty thousand dollar . mrs gardener and the lawyer ' fee . do not forget the lawyer ' fee . how much do you pay kleinfeld klauswitz and stummerhofen ? - mr gardener another ten , I guess . mrs gardener exactly . make sixty in all , I could wring she neck . she spit violently into the water . ext . beach morning patrick redfern and arlena marshall walk up to where kenneth marshall and daphne castle sit together on the beach . 27 25 continue patrick redfern wave he hand awkwardly and continue walk on towards the hotel . kenneth marshall rise and draw arlena a@ little apart from daphne castle . kenneth marshall you be very keen that we come here , now I know why , arlena marshall oh really ? kenneth marshall yes . you know that redfern fellow be come here , do not you ? all that baloney when we arrive , about coincidence . , . arlena marshall dahling , I swear to you it be the great possible surprise . you could have knock I down with a orchid , kenneth marshall I might just knock he down , and it will not be with anything frail or fancy either . arlena marshall dahling , you be so impetuous you know I do not care for anyone but you , she kiss he lightly . he stare blankly pack at she . kenneth marshall you know I often think arlena that other people be right , and that I would be much better off without you . arlena marshall my dahling what be you say ? kenneth marshall I be say that you behave unkindly towards my daughter , and that you do I no credit whatsoever , she toss she head and turn away from he to busy herself with the application of sun tan lotion . ext . swimming pool bar midday poirot and mr blatt be in the swim pool bar which be run by charlie . mr blatt drink a pint of beer . 26 28 continue poirot hold a tiny , green , sticky aperitif . in the back - ground patrick redfern pass by and go into the hotel . mr blatt tell I straight , monsieur . what 's a famous sleuth like you do in a place like this ? poirot simply , I repose myself . I take les vacance . mr blatt I suppose it be a stupid question really . you would not tell I even if you be down ' ere on a job , would you now ? poirot possibly not , but I assure you it be not the case . and as for you , I could ask you the same question . I would not have think this people here be you tasse de the . mr blatt you be right there . bloody stand - offish the lot of they . no , frankly I come here because it sound romantic , and well a bit daft - the jolly Roger Hotel smuggler ' Island set in the Med ! I have always have a bit of a thing about Pirates , ever since I be a boy sailing off the cornish Coast . as a matter of fact I have hire a little yawl to do a spot of it 'ere . perhaps you would care to come for a spin this afternoon ? poirot thank you , but no . I prefer the terra ferma . I wish I could oblige but there it be . mr blatt talk of wishing , I '11 tell you the one about the bloke at the wish well in Ireland . he 's a bit upset you see , because sit next to he be a titchy little piano player , about a foot high , piay the old joanna for all its worth . and he 's say " no dammit , I do not wish for a twelve inch pianist . " 28 29 30 27 continue mr blatt go into gale of laughter . poirot sigh . poirot well I wish I understand the English idiom better , mr blatt another snort ? : poirot non merci . I shall put myself in order for lunch . poirot give mr blatt a small bow and walk off towards the hotel .. we track into a close up of mr blatt ' 's florid face as he eye narrow speculatively . ext . path at the side of the HOTEL midday poirot be walk along a path by the side of the hotel . he stop to listen as raise voice float out from a first floor bedroom window . christine redfern ( v.0 . ) and I tell you you be infatuated with she Pat . that 's why you insisted on come to this place - because you know she would be here . patrick redfern ( v.0 . ) what absolute rot ! I have not the faintest idea . christine redfern ( v.0 . ) do not lie . whatever you do , do not lie to I . int . the redfern ' bedroom midday patrick redfern be face he wife christine . both of they be stand near the open window . patrick redfern look here christine , it 's not like you to be jealous . can not I speak to & pretty woman without you be after jump to the conclusion I be ... well , have a affair with she ? christine redfern well be not you ? 30 31 32 33 28 continue patrick redfern of course not , arlena and I be just friend that 's all . christine redfern I do not believe you . look , she 's a bad lot , Pat . she will do you harm - I know it . please give it up , and let 's go away from here . patrick redfern no . I absolutely refuse . here we be , and here we stay . if you do not like it , you can ... christine redfern yes ? patrick redfern nothing . just stop be so bloody jealous . he stamp out of the room , bang the door , behind he . christine redfern that damned bitch ... I could murder she ! ext . path at the side of the HOTEL midday poirot , realise that the conversation have terminate continue on he way , sadly shaking he head . mix through to a montage of evening activity in the lounge . linda marshall read a book . the gardener , daphne castle and miss brewster play mah jong . : next we glimpse mr blatt and kenneth marshall play billiards . poirot watch this activite and then make he way out of the hotel into the night . ext . a cliff path which lead to a arbour above bible BAY night poirot make he way along a moonlit path which lead to a arbour situate above Bible Bay . there be marvellous 33 34 29 continue view of the quiet silvere sea lap a old stone fisherman 's Chapel . the bell on the top of it strike eleven . poirot ( to himself ) the gentle moon , the lesser light . the lover 's lamp , the swain 's delight , a ruin world , a globe burnt out , a corpse upon the road of night . christine redfern ( call ) be anyone there ? poirot make he way over to the arbour which be construct of flower trellis . int . the arbour night christine redfern sit on a stone bench gaze out over the sea . poirot enter . poirot forgive I if I startle you Madame . I be talk to the moon . christine redfern oh the moon . I suppose everyone do that . poirot everyone be a moon , Madame , and have a dark side which be never show to anybody . christine redfern everyone except I , I think . I wish I could be so secretive and not show what I feel . poirot sometimes for lady that be difficult . christine redfern do you know what I be most sick of in this place ? : poirot what Madame ? 30 34 continue christine redfern pity . I can not bear to be pity . everyone around here be so sorry for I . I can tell by the way they look at I . poor little thing , they be say . what she have to put up with from that fool of a husband of hers . poirot will you allow I to tell you something , Madame ? the arlena stuart of this world do not count . they domination be of the moment . really to count , & woman must have either goodness or brain , christine redfern you can not actually believe that man care for either of that thing can you ? poirot yes I do . she laugh bitterly . you husband love you , Madame . I know it . christine redfern you can not know it . . poirot but I do . I have see he look at you . for hercule poirot , such a oeillade be enough . christine redfern . break down and weep on poirot 's shoulder after a while the weep subside . christine redfern it 's alright . I be better now , please leave I . I would rather be alone . poirot rise from the seat he have take during she breakdown , offer she he bandana which she gratefully accept , bow and retire . 35 ext . path leading from bible BAY to the HOTEL night poirot walk thoughtfully along the path which lead from Bible Bay to the hotel . suddenly he hear the sound of voice come from behind some bush , cautiously he step aside to peer through . 36 37 38 31 ext . a tree screened clearing night in a little clear screen from the path by tree arlena marshall and patrick redfern stand close together . the latter 's voice be loud and clear . patrick redfern arlena darling , you know I be mad for you do not you ... I have quite looped the loop , arlena marshall of course you be dahling . and I adore you too , my mad irish , . she hold out she arm to he and they come together , embrace passionately . ext . path leading from bible BAY to the HOTEL night poirot , grimace with embarrassment , hurry away towards the hotel . poirot quelle vache de luxe ! the elongate shadow of the entwine lover writhe on the moonlit grass . mix through to the next scene . ext . the HOTEL night as poirot near the hotel he see kenneth marshall stand outside it stare fixedly up at the sky . kenneth marshall good evening monsieur poirot , what a lovely night . not a breath of wind anywhere , poirot the calm before the storm perhaps , bon nuit . he enter the hotel , and close the door behind he . we move into a close up of kenneth marshall 's face to see it be suffuse with bitterness and rage . he drive he ball fist into the palm of the other hand , make a sharp violent sound in the still night , slow mix through to the next scene . 39 40 Al 42 32 ext . the harbour morning mr blatt , whistling a cheerful hornpipe be make ready to cast himself off in a small yawl . he do so , raise the sail and move out of the harbour , in a South westerly direction . mix through to the next scene . ext . outside staircase the HOTEL morning linda marshall climb the outside staircase . she wear a bathing costume . int , HOTEL corridor morning linda marshall step into the corridor , and run down it . she open she bedroom door . int . linda marshall's bedroom morning linda come into she bedroom . Inside christine redfern stand awkwardly . linda marshall be startle . christine redfern oh there you be ! linda marshall yes ... er , I think I would have a early dip . christine redfern good idea . in fact I come in to ask you whether you would like to come with I to cutlass cove this morning . linda marshall yes . I would love to . christine redfern good , I be play tennis at twelve fifteen , so we would better start fairly early . half past ten suit you ? linda marshall I will be ready . meet you in the hall , after breakfast . the door close behind christine redfern . linda marshall look after she puzzle . 43 33 int . dine room morning the camera pan lovingly over a large selection of silver chafing dish keep warm on a series of hot plate on the sideboard . we then CUT away to see daphne castle look disapprovingly at linda marshall who be listlessly finish she meagre breakfast of coffee and toast . daphne castle you know you really be naughty Linda . andrea go to all the trouble of prepare decent English breakfast , instead of that weedy Continental affair , and all you eat be toast . linda marshall I be sorry . I be not hungry . daphne castle let I at least tempt you to oeuf jolly Roger . linda marshall what 's that ? daphne castle remove the cover from a dish and exhibit it . daphne castle it 's andrea 's lunatic idea of pirate gastronomy . plover 's egg serve in a sheep 's skull with cross marrow pone . jolly tasty . linda marshall I just could not - really . daphne castle put she arm round linda marshall . daphne castle what 's the matter ? be it arlena ? linda marshall ( nodd bitterly ) she 's so beastly ... daphne castle you do not want to worry about she . thing have a habit of work out - I promise you . linda marshall ( fiercely ) yes . if you make they ! 45 46 35 ext , the terrace outside the HOTEL morning hercule poirot sit at a table under a beach umbrella drink a cup of coffee , and eat a croissant load with mountainous quantity of strawberry jam . daphne castle cross from the hotel and head off in a westerly direction towards lighthouse ledge . christine redfern and linda marshall set off in a North easterly direction towards cutlass cove . after a moment poirot himself rise and move off in a South westerly direction towards booty Beach . ext . booty beach morning booty Beach be empty save for arlena marshall who be try to launch a float , she be dress in the same white bathing suit and green cardboard chinese hat as the day previously . poirot appear and stand watch she , poirot do you require assistance , Madame ? arlena marshall give he one of she seductive look . arlena marshall oh monsieur poirot , would you ? I be afraid it 's a bit too heavy for I . poirot walk down to the water 's edge , but stop when he realise he be wear white suede shoe . gingerly he remove they , and put they carefully with he sock , several foot beyond the tide mark . he then meticulously roll up he trousers to the knee and walk into the sea . the float be successfully launch , and arlena marshall , hold she paddle , jump on it . arlena marshall thank you so much and monsieur poirot , please do not tell anyone where I have go . everyone will keep follow I about so . poirot everyone Madame ? arlena marshall well perhaps some people more than other , but I just want to be alone . with a bright and confide smile on she face , arlena marshall paddle away to the northward . 46 36 continue poirot ( to himself ) ah , can jamais ! ... that I do not believe . she be not the Mademoiselle garbo , that one . it be quite clear whom she be go to meet . he turn and retrace he step towards the beach . his white suede shoe float out to meet he . - poirot Sacre bleu ! the suede be ruin . poirot wade ashore mop unhappily at he shoe . arlena marshall 's float round the point and disappear . a further surprise greet poirot as patrick redfern stroll down from the direction of the hotel . he gape first at redfern , then at the point which the float have just round . patrick redfern the top of the morning to you . you seem to have give you shoe a bath . poirot alas it be so . patrick redfern you know you want to use a wire brush on that thing . Salt water do they no good at all . he laugh delightedly . poirot scowl .- after a moment or two redfern 's mood change , and he start to look about he , very obviously puzzle and impatient . kenneth marshall now approach from the direction of the hotel . redfern eye he apprehensively , but marshall more or less ignore he . kenneth marshall Morning monsieur poirot . see my wife about ? poirot ( innocently ) have Madame then arisen so early ? kenneth marshall she 's not in she room ... I think I will take my dip right away . I have get a lot of type to do this morning . can not abide it , but it 's get to be do . 37 46 continue poirot you be perhaps a auteur ? kenneth marshall what I ? good gracious no . perish the think . no , they be pusiness letter . I sometimes think one would have a better holiday if one take one 's secretary with one . patrick redfern I would not have think that that be such a original think , old boy . kenneth marshall . ( coldly ) no , I daresay you would not . marshall take off he robe and put it on the sand , next to poirot 's ruin shoe . kenneth marshall hullo , hullo , hullo . be take you shoe for a swim ? poirot ( gritting he tooth ) a unfortunate wave . kenneth marshall saunter off down to the sea . behind the back of the unamuse poirot we see and hear mr and mrs gardener walk towards we . patrick redfern look up eagerly , but be obviously disappointed . poirot and where be Madame redfern this morning ? patrick redfern who ? ... oh I do not know , I think she 's go off sketching somewhere , mr and mrs gardener come up with poirot and patrick redfern , and sit down in beach chair . mr gardener fuss about open beach umbrella for he wife . mrs gardener good morning Mr redfern . good morning monsieur poirot . patrick redfern mumble and poirot bow . have you be paddle , and forget to take you shoe off ? 38 46 continue poirot very drole Madame . he smile thinly . mrs gardener a friend of ours do something like that once in Miami . do you remember eileen scholenblautwitz , odell ? her old man give she a watch for they wedding anniversary that must have cost a couple of arm and a leg , and she go into the water with it . when she come out she find of course that it be not work . do you remember what she say ? " the godamm thing 's stop at eleven diamond past three ruby " . mr gardener I think it be in the morning dear , and she say " three ruby past eleven diamond . " mrs gardener ( firmly ) it be in the afternoon odell , and she say " eleven diamond past three ruby " , mr gardener I be sure you be right dear . we watch kenneth marshall swim . he do it well , disappear under the surface of the water for longish period . a brief mix indicate a small time change . finally he walk up the beach . mrs gardener hi there Captain Marshall ! where 's Linda this morning ? kenneth marshall Linda ? ... I do not know . moon about the Island somewhere I expect . mrs gardener you know that girl look kinda peaky to I . you ought to give she some of that virol . they say anaemic girl need it . I *ve see it on the hoarding . kenneth marshall finish drying himself , and put on he robe . kenneth marshall Linda 's alright . Excuse I . I have get some work to do , and it 's get a bit late . 39 46 continue kenneth marshall walk away up the beach towards the hotel . mrs gardener if you want my opinion , it 's that step - mother of hers that 's do she no good . we know a only child once whose father marry again , do not we odell - remember gloria stuhlnichsteiner . she grow hair all over she bosom . we hear the sound of someone approach , and patrick redfern look up hopefully , obviously to see if it be arlena marshall and then down again sulkily , as we see it be miss brewster . he rise abruptly and start to walk up and down the beach . , miss brewster good morning all . mrs gardener hi there ! mr gardener good morning . poirot bon jour , Madame . miss brewster notice poirot 's spoiled shoe . miss brewster what have you be up to monsieur poirot . be try to walk on the water ? poirot I leave that performance to we saviour , Madame . my own miracle , if such they can be describe , come more from the exercise of the little grey cell , she laugh . and you Madame , - have you have you swim this morning ? miss brewster oh yes I have one about ten o'clock . in fact I be lucky to survive . somebody chuck a bottle out of one of the hotel window , and nearly brain I . 40 46 continue mrs gardener what a dangerous thing to do . odell do you remember the angelsturmer kid who get concussion right there in mid town Manhattan , from a can of tooth - paste fall on he head ? mr gardener be you sure it be not toilet cleanser , dear . I have the distinct impression that that little dutch girl on the can come into it somewhere ... mrs gardener ( firmly ) toothpaste ! miss brewster concussion you say , from a tooth - paste tin ? that do seem rather difficult to believe . mrs gardener it fall from a forty fifth floor window ! mrs gardener chuckle to herself . a silence fall . they all watch patrick redfern impatiently pace the beach and turn he head continually towards the direction of the hotel . miss brewster where 's Mrs Marshall this morning ? poirot shrug elaborately . mrs gardener I have not see she , but Mr redfern sure look mighty put out . miss brewster yes he do , but it 's Captain Marshall I really feel sorry for . he 's such & quiet man - always so compose , but I will bet he 's actually seethe inside . the camera join patrick redfern , now some distance away from the group of mr and mrs gardener , miss brewster and hercule poirot . he saunter around aim vicious swipe at limpet and crab , with a piece of driftwood he have pick up . occasionally he look up in the direction of the hotel , then fall again to abuse the marine creature . back in the group , miss brewster get to she foot . miss brewster well I be go for my row . 46 47 41 continue poirot as for I I shail return to the hotel to change my shoe . it be not agreeable to be see in this condition . poirot bow to the company and trudge away in the direction of the hotel hold he wet shoe delicately in he hand . miss brewster walk along the beach in the direction of the harbour . in do this she have to pass patrick redfern . patrick redfern be you take you boat out ? miss brewster yes , patrick redfern mind if I join you . miss brewster delighted . patrick redfern let 's row right round the Island . miss brewster have we get the time ? she consult she watch . oh yes . it 's not eleven thirty yet . come on . they walk in the direction of the harbour . ext . the harbour and sea morning the boat emerge from the harbour with patrick redfern row with strong powerful stroke . miss brewster in the stern regards he with approval . the boat turn to the North out of the harbour so that the Island be on its right hand side , and the open sea on its leave . miss brewster good . let 's see how long you can keep that up for ... she wave to mr and mrs gardener as they pass the spot on the beach where they be sit . they wave pack . then the boat pass round the point and they be lose to sight . mix through to the next scene . 48 49 42 ext , sea / lighthouse ledge morning patrick redfern row the boat past lighthouse ledge . he scan the shoreline anxiously . the boat 's progress slow . miss brewster here come on , buck up ! you be slack ! patrick redfern flash she a charming smile . patrick redfern to be sure they would have have you in charge of the galley in the old day . he dig the oar in and the boat shoot forward . slow mix through to the next scene . ext , sea / blood BAY from p.o.v. rowing boat midday the boat round the next point , and blood Bay come into view . distinctly we hear a chapel bell ringing twelve o'clock . it be quite a small cove face North West , and the beach above the water line be shadow by a huge overhange cliff . a float be draw up on the peach . a figure of a woman lie sprawle out on the sand , in the shade part . we zoom in to a close up to see that she face be cover by a large screen cardboard chinese hat from under which a long red curl escape . bronze limb protrude from a white bathing suit . patrick redfern hullo . who 's that in blood Bay ? miss brewster ( sourly ) lucretia borgia . patrick redfern who ? miss brewster you know it 's arlena Marshall as well as I do . you have be look for she all morning . 49 50 43 continue he grin sheepishly and alter course inshore . miss brewster what be you do ? we do not want to land here . patrick redfern oh be a sport . it will only be for a minute . patrick redfern jump out and run up the beach , wave and shouting . + patrick redfern arlena ! ... arlena ... hi there ! ext . blood BAY midday a high angle shot of blood Bay as patrick redfern run up the beach wave . patrick redfern hi there arlena ... he reach the figure and kneel down beside it . hey , wake up ! we CUT into a close up to see the bronze limb , the white bathing suit , the red hair curling out from under the brim of the green chinese hat . in the background we see miss brewster still in the boat . patrick redfern touch one oi the bronze arm then pull he hand away as if stung . from miss brewster 's point of view we see he lift the hat off the face . patrick redfern ( shouting ) my God ! miss brewster what 's the matter ? patrick redfern she 's dead .. , she 's be murder ... strangle . he drop the hat back to cover the face and run back down the beach to miss brewster , still sit in the boat . miss brewster be you sure ? 44 50 continue patrick redfern nod he head dumbly . miss brewster how horrible ! patrick redfern who could have do this to arlena ? ... it 's just not possible . my God , if I get my hand on the fiend who do this ... miss brewster look uneasily around she . miss brewster you do not suppose he 's still hang about do you ? patrick redfern ( grimly ) I hope so ... miss brewster we must get the Police ... perhaps one of we ought to stay with the body . patrick redfern do not worry . i'11 stay . miss brewster sigh with relief . miss brewster ob thank you . I will be as quick as I can . I will go in the boat ... can not face that ladder . she point to a iron ladder which be clamp to the cliff side , and which lead to the top . CUT back to a high angle shot to see miss brewster row off round the point . 51 int . daphne ' castle' office in the HOTEL day in she chaotic office in the hotel daphne castle be phone the mainland , in the doorway hover poirot and miss brewster . daphne ( on phone ) listen Zoggy , sorry to use the private number - I know queenie be a jealous cat and make life hell for you - but we have have a murder ... yes a murder ! 52 53 54 55 45 int . private sitting room royal palace tirane day king zog flamboyantly dress in crest smoking jacket pace he private sit room as he hold the telephone . king z0g my dear daphne , I simply can not believe it . int . daphne castle' office in the HOTEL day daphne castle on the phone . daphne castle why not for heaven 's sake ? you have one every ten minute in tirane . it 's arlena Stuart - you know - the musical comedy star , do not you ever see Sunshine stripper ? she be quite appall , but the music be jolly . ( sing ) Sunshine stripper soaking up the sun . Sunshine stripper have lot of fun ... king z0g ( v.0 . ) please daphne will you concentrate on the murder ! daphne castle sorry . well she 's be strangle . apparently they just find she on the beach wear a hideous green hat . int . private sitting room royal palace tirane day king zog on the phone , king zog never mind the hat . who kill she ? daphne castle I do not know . do it matter - everyone loathe she . king z0g of course it matter . i'11 send a Inspector of Police . int . daphne castle' office in the HOTEL day daphne castle on the phone . 46 55 continue daphne castle no , do not do that . I have get the best detective in the world here already - hercule poirot . even you must have hear of he . she flash a smile at poirot , who preens himself , before turn back to the phone and lowering she voice . daphne castle ( sotto voce ) he 's a finnicky little bugger , but a simply colossal brain . ( normal voice ) he say he must have a doctor to establish time of death and all that . have you get one you can spare ? king z0g ( v.0 . ) yes . I will send one , and a policeman . this must be official . daphne castle please Zoggy , can not you keep it quiet ? you know how peculiar people be about a spot of murder . the scandal will zap my hotel , and I be sure monsieur poirot will solve it in a jiffy . 56 int . private sitting room king zog' palace tirane day king zog on the phone . king zog alright daphne , for old time 's sake , and against my better judgement , I will give you forty eight hour . after that it must be official . daphne castle ( v.0 . ) you be a darling . king zog another thing - I have get a Colonel Race visit I here . I understand he 's a old friend of poirot 's - they work together recently in Egypt when that american chew gum heiress be murder on the Nile . I will send he too , with anoff the record police sergeant , who speak a bit of English . 57 58 47 int . daphne castle' office in the HOTEL day daphne castle on the phone . daphne castle you majesty , you be without doubt the spiffiest chum any gal could have . ' bye . she hang up and turn to face poirot and miss brewster , winking and make a conspiratorial gesture . daphne castle it 's all fix ! ext . blood BAY afternoon a close up as the green chinese hat be remove . arlena marshall 's distort , dead face , stare up at we in bright sunlight . the tongue protrude and the eye bulge . we pull back to see the middle - age , wiry , albanian Police surgeon dr musa , kneel down examine she . colonel race stands nearby , with a overweight albanian sergeant of Police in a scruffy uniform . also present be patrick redfern and miss brewster . race ( impatiently ) well doctor what do you make of it ? dr musa she be ... he demonstrate strangulation by put he own hand round he throat , put he tongue out , and make a hideous choke noise . race strangle ? dr musa yes strangle - by big , big hand . he flexe he hand dramatically , race what about the time of death ? dr musa Three four hour dead , no more . race ( to sergeant ) what time be it now ? 48 58 continue sergeant time to . eat . race the hour . not the state of you stomach , the sergeant hold up three finger . sergeant Three o'clock . race {to redfern ) when do you find she ? patrick redfern about noon . miss brewster it be precisely twelve o'clock when we come in here . I hear the bell on the fisherman 's chapel round the corner in Bible Bay , strike the hour . dr musa good. strangle between 11 and 12 . o.k .? ' he act it out as before . race most helpful . we will send the body over to the mainland for the post mortem . dr musa yes . yes . chop she up later . Goodbye . dr musa pack up he bag and with a formal bow , trudge over the sand towards the ladder and start to climb up it . race ( to himself ) competent enough I daresay , but need to brush up he bedside manner . ( to sergeant ) outline the position.of the body will you before it be remove . sergeant outline ? race demonstrate with a stick . 58 59 49 continue race like this . sergeant o.k . he start work to outline the corpse as the camera move to a extreme close up of its distort feature . int . the resident ' lounge HOTEL afternoon race and poirot be alone in the lounge . race it be absolutely extraordinary find you here poirot . wherever there 's a juicy murder you seem to pop up like a jack rabbit . poirot I could say the same thing about you cher Colonel . if it be not too indiscreet of I may I enquire what you be do visit le roi Zog ? race dope run if you must know . there 's a@ chap I have be after for year - use a dozen aliase . he 's move the stuff up now from Turkey through the balkan , and I have have a strong tip off he 's round here at the moment . still we would better get on with this lot . it look a very tricky business . poirot it be true that most people here would have murder Madame Marshall avec grande plaisir but do not worry mon vieux . . the order and method of hercule poirot will triumph in the end . now I suppose you will want to start by find out who be the last person to see Madame Marshall alive ? race yes . I have always find they be the most suspicious . poirot parbleu ! in this case I think you will find that that person be I . 50 59 continue race what !! poirot mais oui . apart of course from the murderer . I help she push she float out from booty Beach at about ten forty this morning . she ask I not to tell anyone where she be go . race why ? potrot she say she want to be alone . race from what I hear , that be not a desire she express too frequently . poirot my own opinion exactly . but who then , do she go to meet ? race shrug . race at any event she would have arrive there shortly after eleven o'clock - the earliest time Dr musa give for she death , poirot exactement . . race so we can assume that she be murder there , and not transport there after she be kill - which I suppose limit we suspect to that people on the Island , since anyone come over from the mainland would have be see . poirot and no one be ? race not so far as we have be able to find out . poirot then let we begin with the husband , if for no other reason than that matrimonial cause provide the motive for the majority of female murder . 60 51 int . kenneth marshall's bedroom afternoon present in Kenneth Marshall 's room be the captain himself , poirot and race . he sit in a armchair face race , while poirot wander round the room . pick up and put down object . stand against one of the wall be a desk with papers and a typewriter on it . poirot so that be why we think we would start we enquiry with you , capitaine Marshall . a callous reason , but sensible , I be sure you will agree . after all , you have a very good , very old fashioned motive - jealously . kenneth marshall you think that , race come , sir . it be a matter of common knowledge here that you wife and Mr redfern be on term of the great intimacy . kenneth marshall I do not listen to tittle tattle , Inspector . my wife be dead and cannot defend herself . race I be not ask she to defend herself . if I be ask anybody , I be ask you . be you jealous of she ? kenneth marshall many man have admire my wife Colonel . if I be the type of man who would kill for jealously , I would have kill she year ago . poirot it have be my experience that all man be the type of man who would kill for jealousy . you , monsieur must be tout a fait exceptionnel . me felicition . kenneth marshall shrug with irritation and turn away from poirot . kenneth marshall ( to Race ) have you any question to ask I ? 52 60 continue he rise letter . he hand he pipe . race I would like a account of you move -- ment this morning , please , between eleven and twelve o'clock . kenneth marshall it 's quite simple . I be in here type until I change to play tennis a few minute after twelve o'clock . and cross to the desk , from which he pick up three kenneth marshall here they be , if you put one of you man to type they , you will find he will not be able to do they in much under a hour ... ( to himself ) where be that damned pipe ? the letter to race , and then pat he pocket for find they empty he go to search for it be a random manner amongst he tobacco pouch , match and cleaner on the desk . he fail to find it , and give up . race what be there to show that they could not have be type at some other time - say last night for example ? kenneth marshall today be the twenty - fifth . as you will see , this letter be postdate in answer to this one from my stockbroker , post in London , the twenty - third , and arrive here on this morning 's post at about ten thirty . as I be down on booty Beach with you monsieur poirot at a little after ten forty five , you will see clearly that I must have type they when I say I do . poirot it would appear so . kenneth marshall well , if you be still not satisfied , why not ask the chambermaid if she hear the machine go . she be move about the corridor some of the time , do out other room . race thank you Captain Marshall . we will do that . now can you tell we what you do after you would finish type ? 60 61 continue kenneth marshall as I eaid I go to play tennis . the date be for twelve fifteen . race whom do you play with ? kenneth marshall Mrs Castle , Mr gardener , and Mrs redfern . race and be everyone there on time ? kenneth marshall no . I be the first to arrive . mix through to the next scene . ext . tennis court midday 53 kenneth marshall be take the tennis ball out of they box and knock they over the net . daphne castle arrive . kenneth marshall hullo ... jolly good to see you . daphne castle hullo ken. she take off she sweater . kenneth marshall ( v.0 . ) - , ... I think I be there dead on time . then Mrs Castle join I . race ( v.0 . ) do she seem quite normal ? kenneth marshall I do not suppose you have see anything of arlena this morning have you ? I have not see she since breakfast . kenneth marshall ( v.0 . ) quite normal ? what do you mean ? daphne castle I see she on a float earlier this morning . I think she 's up the North end of the Island somewhere . kenneth marshall be she with anyone ? 61 54 continue daphne castle no . she be alone . though she be probably head for some sleazy rendezvous with she leprechaun lover ? oh Ken , it 's not right for you to let she torture you this way . race ( v.0 . ) I mean do she look agitate , or flushed , or excited in any way ? kenneth marshall do not be silly daphne . you do exagger - eat everything so . arlena may be a bit of a flirt but she know where to draw the line . kenneth marshall ( v.0o . ) no , I do not think so . she look she usual soigne self . daphne castle the only line arlena 's draw be under a column of figure . kenneth marshall Drop it will you ... here 's gardener . mr gardener arrive and daphne castle and kenneth marshall move to take up position on one side of the net . mr gardener hi there ! kenneth marshall hullo . have a good morning ? mr gardener sure . great . race ( v.0 . ) and who be the next to arrive ? kenneth marshall ( v.o . ) Mr gardener . he must have be about five or six minute late . daphne castle how about a knock up ? mr gardener ( mock scandalize ) a knock up ! 61 62 55 continue daphne castle yes . you know ~ a spot of practice till Mrs redfern come . mr gardener oh . you should know that in my country , a knock up mean something totally different . daphne castle oh really ? surely you can not mean jolly rogering . they laugh and start to play . race ( v.o. ) and how do Mr gardener look ? kenneth marshall ( v.0o . ) as he always do - like a sober , up - right , henpeck New York attorney . race ( v.0o . ) _ I see . tell I , how much later be it before Mrs redfern arrive ? a quick mix to indicate the pass of time . christine redfern hurry onto the court . christine redfern sorry I be late ... I be sketching over at cutlass cove and I lose track of the time . mr gardener do not worry about it . come and play with I . kenneth marshall ( v.0 . ) I do not know , Seven or eight minute . she say she would be over at cutlass cove and forget the time . christine redfern walk over to join mr gardener . mix through to the next scene . int . kenneth marshall's bedroom afternoon poirot , race and kenneth marshall be group as they be at the end of scene 60 . 62 continue 56 kenneth marshall and to save you the question , she do not look agitate flushed or excited in any way , though of course she have be hurry . race thank you , sir . kenneth marshall anything else ? poirot just two thing , monsieur . firstly , will this letter show you investment to have be profitable ? kenneth marshall no . I be afraid they will reveal I have sustained some substantial loss recently . poirot secondly , be it true that you wife have quite a lot of money of she own ? kenneth marshall she inherite some money recently - yes . poirot do she leave a will ? kenneth marshall yes . alright , I succeed to she property , but I do not kill she , if that 's what you think . ( raise voice ) I do not kill she ! understand ! the connect door between he and he daughter 's bedroom open , and linda marshall come rush in . linda marshall oh daddy , daddy ! ... what be they do to you ? kenneth marshall it 's alright , my darling . it 's just a few question . linda marshall but you do not kill arlena . I know you do not . race perhaps we should have a little talk , Linda . be that you room ? 62 63 64 57 continue she nod she head . race good . well why do not we go in there , and leave you father to himself for awhile . race rise and lead the way next door . poirot and linda marshall follow . linda marshall's bedroom afternoon race stand up . poirot sit in a rock chair . linda marshall sit on the end of she bed . race sorry to have to put you through this , Linda , but we have to find out every - thing that might be useful , and that mean talk to everyone - understand ? linda marshall join she large , bony hand together , and twist they nervously . linda marshall yes . race good . then just tell we what you do this morning , after you get up . linda marshall I go for a early bathe before break - fast , then I go to cutlass cove with Mrs redfern . race and what time do you go ? linda marshall we have a date to meet in the hall at ten thirty . I think I be go to be late , but it be alright . I ask daphne to come with we , but she be busy ... mix through to the next scene . ext . HOTEL morning a reverse camera angle to scene 45 , favour the three lady , daphne castle , christine redfern and linda marshall . in the background hercule poirot sit at he table on the terrace , 64 65 66 67 58 continue drink he coffee . daphne castle part from the other two , to go up the path westward towards lighthouse ledge . christine redfern and linda marshall strike out North - eastward towards cutlass cove . we CUT to a high shot to see the woman diverge , and , more clearly , the topography of the Island , they wave to each other , before disappear out of each other 's sight . race ( v.0 . ) and how long do it take you to get there , do you think ? mix through to the next scene . ext . path leading from the HOTEL to cutlass cove morning linda marshall and christine redfern walk across the Island towards cutlass cove . the angle favour linda marshall and she eyeline . linda marshall ( v.o. ) oh I do not know - ten minute , a bit more maybe . we be not in any partic - ular hurry . mix through to next scene . ext . top of cutlass cove morning christine redfern and linda marshall arrive on top of cutlass cove , and start to descend the path to the beach . we see the scene from linda marshall 's angle . race ( v.0o . ) and what do you do when you get there ? mix through to next scene . ext . cutlass cove morning ( 10.45 a.m. ) again the angle favour linda marshall . christine redfern set up she easel in the shade provide by the overhange cliff , and start to sketch the cliff . she do not remove she beach pyjamas . linda marshall take off she beach wrap and watch , oil herself , and lie down in the sun to sunbathe . the camera position be on the sea side , South East of Linda Marshall , shoot North West . linda marshall ( v.0o . ) I sunbathed and Mrs redfern , sit in the shade sketching . she do not like the sun you know . she get blister . 67 68 59 continue christine redfern ( sketching ) move over , augustus John . linda marshall oh be not he the one who 's always drive he wife crazy , by have the most tre- mendous affair with all he pupil ... oops , sorry . christine redfern it 's alright . she smile bravely . race ( v.0 . ) then what happen ? the camera pan to a close up of the shadow of the cliff on the beach . mix through to next scene . ext . cutlass cove midday the angle favour linda marshall and she eyeline . the sun have move over to the West , and the shadow stretch deeper away from christine redfern towards the sea . as the shadow touch she , linda marshall rise . linda marshall ( v.0o . ) well nothing much . we jaw away , and the time simply fly by ... christine redfern what time be it ? linda marshall look at she watch . linda marshall twelve o'clock . christine redfern get up and put away she sketch thing quickly . christine redfern Lord I must fly . I be play tennis at twelve fifteen . linda marshall o.k. 1'11 have a swim before I come back . linda marshall start to run down towards the sea . 68 69 60 continue christine redfern do not forget you bathing cap . linda marshall retrace she step , put on she bathing cap and run off down to the sea . linda marshall see you later . the camera travel down to the sea with linda marshall . linda marshall ( v.0 . ) . at any rate Mrs redfern suddenly ask I the time , and I tell she , and she have to rush off back to the hotel to change for tennis , and I go in for a swim . I remember I be half way down the beach when Mrs Red - fern call after I I have forget my bathing cap , so I have to come back and put it on . what a bore ! from the sea , we look back up the beach to see christine redfern move quickly up the path to the cliff top . from the top she wave to linda marshall , who wave back . race ( v.0 . ) and what time be it when all that happen ? mix through to next scene . int . linda marshall's bedroom afternoon race , poirot and linda marshall be in the same position as they be before , at the end of scene 63 . linda marshall twelve o'clock . she certainly cut it fine for she tennis date . poirot move over to look at she watch . it read three thirty . he take out he own half hunter from he waistcoat pocket and compare it . it too read three thirty . poirot Mademoiselle do you love you step - mother ? linda marshall my father do , so I try to for he sake . poirot but it be not easy , be it ? 69 continue 61 linda marshall she be not my mother . poirot and she come between you father and yourself ? linda marshall yes . poirot en effet mar petite , you hate she - that 's the truth , n'est ce pas ? she be always humiliate you in public . you want she out of you family . you could cheerfully have wish she dead ! race poirot ! linda marshall ( suddenly hysterical ) it 's true !... I do ... many many time ... just like I be sure Mrs redfern do , be - cause she husband be in love with she ... she be always on at I , taunting I , make I look foolish and childish . she be so cruel ... so cruel ... poirot stare at she , not move , give she time to collect herself . race make to go and comfort she , but poirot stop hin linda marshall but anyhow wishing someone dead , be not the same thing as do it , be it ? poirot chard ) non , Mademoiselle , it ts not at all the same . one be a pleasurable fantasy - the other take strength and purpose . it take the ability to contemplate calmly the bulg eye , the blacken skin , the last gurgle of exhale breath . linda marshall suddenly get up , and with a stifle cry run from the room . race do you have to be so rough on she , poirot ? I mean she 's only a kid . poirot ( gently ) mon vieux , I do not suggest anything to she , that she herself have not already 69 70 62 continue poirot ( cont ) think of a hundred time and she do have a usually strong pair of hand for a girl of she age . race alright , I will accept that . what do you think about she father ? poirot Le bon capitaine would be more prudent to cultivate a air of | great tristesse if he do not wish to be suspect of she death . race perhaps you be right . well I 'li get the sergeant to work on the type - writer alibi - see if he can do they in under a hour - and then we should have a word with valentino . ext . swimming pool afternoon in a series of quick cut we watch patrick redfern execute ever higher and more elaborate dive into the .swimm pool . poirot watch thoughtfully from a conceal place in the arborial surroundings . he be join by race . race very impressive stuff , eh monsieur poirot ? he should be in training for the Berlin Olympic . poirot mais oui . that I should like to see . they say there be a american negro - a man call jesse owen - who be absolument formidable ! race it 's funny but he too do not look to I much like a man who have just lose he lady love . poirot you think he be celebrate ? ... c'est possible . patrick redfern do a final dive , swim to the pool 's edge , and climb out . poirot and race move out from they cover , to confront he . 63 70 continue poirot good afternoon , monsieur redfern . Colonel Race here be of the opinion that vous avez un coeur leger . patrick redfern and what might that mean ? poirot that you be gay — lighthearted . patrick redfern lightheart ! if I do not do some - thing , I think I would go off my chump . what 's happen be so unbelievable . poirot not in my experience , monsieur . I find it quite believable . patrick redfern ( savagely ) obviously you be more accustom to murder than I be , monsieur poirot . you have probably see quite a few in you time , and have learn how to behave . poirot vraiment and they have also give I many opportunity of observe how suspect behave . and I can assure you that very few of they have be blithe . poirot and patrick redfern glare at each other before the latter move to put on he bathing robe , and sit down at a poolside table . race Mr redfern may I ask how long you have know Mrs Marshall ? patrick redfern about three month . we meet at a cocktail party in London . race and have you agree to meet down here , or be it mere coincidence ? 64 70 continue patrick redfern no , I must admit it be not coincidence . she ask I to come , and I suppose I could not resist . you see I be infatu - ated with she . I would have do any mortal thing the ask . poirot you paint a very clear picture of she . she be the eternal circe , n'est ce pas ? patrick redfern ( rueful ) she turn man into swine alright ! you see deep down I know I love my wife . poirot well mon vieux , that do rather establish a motive for the murder n'est ce pas ? patrick redfern a motive - for I ? Holy mother of God why should I have want she dead ? I be crazy about she . poirot so you say . but it be possible she have become too importunate , and be make it impossible for you to return to the wife you love . many woman have be kill in this world , for no other reason than that they become a nuisance . patrick redfern I assure you it be not like that at all . I could have take off any time I want to . anyway what be you say ? that it be I who kill she ? you must know that could not possibly be the case . be not I with yourself the whole time tili I go on with miss brewster and find she lie dead ? poirot so monsieur , it be I who be to be you alibi ? patrick redfern be not it true ? poirot spread he hand in a gesture of capitulation . - poirot helas - oui ! 65 70 continue patrick redfern well there you be then . poirot eh bien . whom do you think she have go to meet at blood Bay ? patrick redfern I really have not the faintest idea . poirot how about you wife ? she have a good motive for kill Madame Marshall . patrick redfern what !! poirot absolument . La jalousie !! patrick redfern what nonsense . there 's no violence in she . besides how could she have do it ? she would never have be able to climb down that ladder to the beach - she 's no head for that sort of thing at all . - and even if she could have , she be no match for arlena . she would have be the one to have be murder . no , if it 's jealousy you be after I would have a go at Ken Marshall . he must be favourite . now be that all ? poirot for the moment yes . but please hold you - self in readiness to reconstruct for we tomorrow morning you find of arlena Marshall 's body , with Mademoiselle brewster . patrick redfern walk away towards the hotel . suddenly there be a crack of twig in the bush behind where the two man be sit . in a flash colonel race have rise and parte they to discover daphne castle crouch down in a position from where she have be able to overhear every - thing . she rise insouciantly and step out , favour both man with a radiant smile . daphne castle you be absolutely on the right track , monsieur poirot . cherchez la temme ! she 's the one with the best motive . Captain Marshall simply be not the type . '' poirot so you have be h'eavesdropping , Madame . daphne castle now do not be tiresome monsieur poirot . everyone h'eavesdrops if they have get any sense . as a detective you must do it all the timn 70 7 66 continue poirot Madame , I assure you that hercule poirot have no need ... daphne castle and do not you believe all that guff about arlena be the stronger .. woman fight like tiger when they be lose they husband - not that I have have too much experience of that sort of thing myself . I mean I try everything to get rid of johnnie - strychnine in the spud ~ bolt to South America , but he clung on like a limpet . if the market crash in ' 29 have not give he a coronary , he would be here now . still it show where he heart be . poirot merci , madame . we will heed you advice . daphne castle you do that . she probably batter she with a bit of driftwood or something , and then finish she off with a little pressure on the carot artery , or whatever it 's call . everyone know about that - all the crime novel be full of it . in fact a eleven year old child do something like that only the other day in hungary - or be it Crete ? ... anyway I have get to see about dinner . au revoir . they watch in silence as she walk away towards the hotel . race do you think she be serious about put strychnine in she husband 's food ? I mean if she 's kill once ... potrot ... she could have kill Madame Marshall ? c'est possible . she certainly have the motive . race really ? what might that be ? poirot ( thoughtfully ) to become herself Madame Marshall . mix through to next scene . the golf course the fairway of the first hole afternoon christine redfern be attempt to play golf . her appall lunge at the ball send it perilously between poirot and race as they come into sight over a rise . they both duck nervously . 71 continue christine 67 redfern come run across to they . christine redfern I be terribly sorry . you be not hurt be you ? race do not worry . no harm do . christine redfern I suppose I should have shout fore or something , but I forget . as a matter of fact I be a complete duffer at this game . I only play to please Patrick . poirot do not disturb yourself madame . the be - doubtable Colonel , and needless to say myself , have face great danger in the course of we professional life . he have learn le sing froid . I have learn the stiff lip . she smile thinly . they walk christine redfern have you come to interview I ? poirot just a few question . but please do not derange you game . christine redfern what do you want to know ? race perhaps you could tell we something about how you spend this morning ? towards where the golf ball lie in deep rough . christine redfern well first thing this morning at about eight - thirty I go into Linda Marshall 's room to fix up with she to go to cutiass cove . you see I want to do some sketching . poirot and she be up at that hour ? christine redfern oh yes . as a matter of fact she be not actually in she room , when I arrive . she come in a few minute later . she would be for a dip . 71 72 73 74 68 continue race what time do you and Linda Marshall leave the hotel ? christine redfern about ten thirty . race and how long do it take you to walk to this cove ? christine redfern I do not know . between ten minute and B quarter of a hour . : mix through to next scene as christine redfern take a wild swing at the ball , miss it completely . ext , the path leading to cutlass cove morning the angle favour christine redfern and she eyeline , christine redfern be in front of linda marshall by a couple of foot . christine redfern ( v.0 . ) it be a absolutely spiffing morning , so we just amble along , chatter away like a couple of magpies . mix through to next scene . ext . top of cutlass cove morning christine redfern and linda marshall arrive on top of cutlass cove and start to depcend the path to the beach . as indicate we see the scene froth christine redfern 's angle . race ( v.0o . ) how do you spend you time at the cove ? mix through to next scene . ext . cutlass cove morning ( 10.45 a.m. ) again the scene be observe from christine redfern 's angle . she set up she easel in the shade provide by the overhange eliff , and start to sketch the cliff . linda marshall take off she beach wrap and watch , oil herself , and lie down to sunbathe . the camera position be on the cliff side , North West of christine redfern shoot South East towards the sea . the dialogue be as in scene 67 . 74 75 69 continue christine redfern ( v.0 . ) I set up my easel in the shade and sketch some cliff . Linda sunbathed . race ( v.0 ) and the two of you stay like that ? neither of you move ? christine redfern ( v.o. ) that 's right . it be just so peaceful there . race ( v.0 . ) and what time do you leave ? the camera pan to a close up of the shadow of the cliff on the beach . mix through to the next scene . ext . cutlass cove midday the sun have move over to the West , and the shadow stretch deeper away from christine redfern towards the sea . this , again , be see from christine redfern 's angle . as the shadow touch she , linda marshall rise and look at she watch . christine redfern geis '' pand put away she sketch thing quickly , as linda marshall start to run towards the sea . the dialogue be as before . christine redfern ( v.0 . ) it be twelve o'clock . it have suddenly get quite late you see , and I have to hurry because I have a date to play tennis at twelve fifteen , and I have to change first . linda marshall retrace she step and put on she bathing cap , in response to christine redfern 's call . race ( v.0 . ) you have you watch with you ? christine redfern ( v.0o . ) no. I ask Linda the time . linda marshall run off down to the sea . the camera do not move , but stay with christine redfern as she watch the girl rush into the sea . christine redfern ( v.0 . ) anyway I pack up my sketching thing as quickly as I could , and go back to the hotel . 75 76 77 78 70 continue poirot ( v.0 . ) and Mademoiselle Linda ? christine redfern ( v.0 . ) she go into the sea . christine redfern hurry up the path to the cliff top , the camera go with she , but look out to sea where linda marshall be bathing . poirot ( v.0 . ) do she enter the water before you leave the cove ? ext . cliff top above cutlass cove midday christine redfern look down and wave to linda marshall in the sea . she wave back . christine redfern ( v.o. ) oh yes . 1 wave to she from the top of the cliff . mix through to the next scene . ext . the path from cutlass cove to the HOTEL / the outside of the HOTEL midday a montage of run shot end with christine redfern enter the hotel . christine redfern ( v.0 . ) then I simply tore back to the hotel as fast as I could ... mix through to the next scene . int . mr and mrs redfern bedroom midday christine redfern , now in tennis clothes , be tie up the lace of she gym shoe . she unfasten she racquet from its press , and dash out of the room . christine redfern ( v.0 . ) . and change into my tennis thing . mix through to the next scene . 79 80 71 ext . tennis court midday christine redfern hurry onto the tennis court , where kenneth marshall and daphne castle be knock up against mr gardener . she join mr gardener . dialogue as pefore . christine redfern ( y.o. ) I then go to the court where I meet the other . race ( v.0 . ) who be ...? christine redfern ( v.0 . ) Captain Marshall , Mrs Castle , and Mr gardener . I play with Mr gardener . we have a couple of set , and then ... mix through to the next scene . ext . golf course afternoon poirot , race and christine redfern have move about forty yard from where they be at the end of scene 71 . the golf ball be in even thicker rough . christine redfern ... we hear about Mrs Marshall . poirot Madame , I must 2sk you , be you very surprised at the manner of Madame Marshall 's death ? christine redfern well of course to be around when a actual murder be commit be so rare that of course it be surprising - sur - prise and shocking . but I suppose she be the kind of woman ... poirot to whom such a thing might happen ? ... yes . I find that very significant . christine redfern well I mean to say it 's true . after all people like she be always mix up with everything that 's squalid and sordid - blackmail , jealousy , violence - every kind of crude emotion . poirot why , Madame , do you mention the word blackmail ? 80 continue 72 christine redfern er ... I do not know . poirot come , you be quite specific . to you knowledge be Madame Marshall be blackmail ? there be a tiny pause during which christine redfern come to a decision . christine redfern yes , monsieur poirot . I be afraid she be . race what !! christine redfern I do not mean to overhear , but I could not help it . it be yesterday afternoon . I be come back from a walk along mutiny mile , and as I pass along the cliff above blood Bay , I hear voice come up from the beach . arlena Marshall be say " it 's no use press I . I simply have not get it to give you any more . as it be , my husband be get suspicious " . and another voice - a man 's say " what rubbish . you will pay up or I will really make thing hot for you " . poirot ( sarcastic ) you will pay up , or I will really make thing hot for you ? christine redfern that 's what he say . poirot parbleu . he must have be listen to too many blackmailer . christine redfern ( hotly ) I be sorry you think it 's a cliché , monsieur poirot , but that be the word use . race do you recognize he voice ? christine redfern no . he be keep it low . but it be gruff and a bit hoarse . 80 81 73 continue race and that 's all you hear ? christine redfern yes . I be afraid I walk on rather quickly . it be a bit embarrassing you see . race yes . I can quite see that . thank you Mrs redfern . we will follow it up . she smile weakly at they , and hack furiously at she ball . turf fly through the air as poirot and race beat a retreat . race now we be get somewhere . poirot you think so ? race well it do explain Mrs Marshall 's seemingly inexplicable behaviour this morning do not it ? blood Bay be a ideal spot for a rendezvous with this fellow who 's blackmail she . it 's accessible only by water or a ladder steep enough to deter most people and a great part of it be invisible from above . polrot as you say it be a ideal spot for a rendezvous . but explain this to I , mon cher . why be it not the pitiless and urgent blackmailer who lie dead , but he victim ? be this not indeed kill l'oie qui depose les oeuf d'or ? race regards poirot with surprise . he be obviously impressed by poirot 's point . the camera pull up and away . mix through to the next scene . ext . terrace outside the HOTEL afternoon the albanian sergeant sit at a table with a typewriter in front of he . gamely he bang away at the keyboard type out Mr Marshall 's letter . b81 82 74 continue sergeant ( read , laboriously to himself ) current difficulty would be solve by invest in Mr stavisky 's company . they high yield make a very attractive proposition ... he sigh elaborately and continue . mix through to the next scene . ext . the croquet lawn afternoon mr and mrs gardener be play croquet . once again , from a conceal position , poirot and race stand watch . mrs gardener whacks she husband 's ball so that it go scudd away into the bush . mrs gardener now , odell I get another turn for hit you . she take another shot and go through a hoop . and I get another one for go through the hoop . she knock she ball towards the next hoop . mr gardener trudge off to retrieve he ball . he play a good shot which put it back near he wife 's ball . she whacks it away in another direction , but by do so put she own out of position , to get through the hoop . as she husband 's back be turn while he go to retrieve he own ball , she quite blatantly cheat , move she ball so that she can easily manoeuvre it through the hoop . she do this then whacks it joyfully up towards the finish post . mr gardener look on in a defeat way , from the bush where he ball be . mr gardener I think we agree one have to go through the hoop at the top again , before finish dear . mrs gardener you be quite in error odell . we agree no such thing . she hit the finish post with she ball and win the game . come along , I will give you one more game . 82 75 continue poirot and race emerge from they place of concealment and approach mrs gardener . her husband have quite a long walk back from the bush to join they . mrs gardener hullo there monsieur poirot . how go the investigation ? poirot it march Madame . it march . let I introduce you to my colleague Colonel Race - Mr and Mrs gardener . race smile charmingly . race how do you do . mrs gardener my , you british bobby be all so charming and sympathetic . I remember I lose a bracelet once at the savoy - we think it have be steal - and a delightful young officer come and find it in a vase of rose where it must have fall from my wrist when I be arrange they . I think he would have be mad as hell waste he time and all . but not a bit of it . mr gardener it be not a vase of rose , honey . it be a jardiniere in the fireplace . mrs gardener it be a vase of rose , odell . Red , long stem rose that hattie hymenheimer have send to we . surely you remember how she and Betty bernlumbenwitz have sobbed all the way through carole lombard in '' Lady by Choice " - Men who love she grow sadder but wiser . mr gardener my recollection be that they bring we arum lily , and that it be Joan bennett in " while Paris sleep " , they sobbed through . do not you remember - while Paris sleep , Lovers , wanton and wastrel be awake ! mrs gardener for the last time , odell , it be a god - damned vase of red rose and ... -~ 82 continue ~~ ( ' ~~ ( '' '' ~ '' 76 race Mrs gardener . I be sorry to interrupt you , but could you give I you attention please . mrs gardener what ? ... why yes of course . race thank you . I would like a account of you movement between eleven and twelve o'clock . mrs gardener well now , let I see . odell and I be on booty Beach the whole time I guess , be not we monsieur poirot . you remember ! you be there . poirot alas Madame the statement be not quite true . I take my departure from the beach a little before half past eleven , as do Mademoiselle brewster and monsieur redfern . that leave the two of you alone . mrs gardener laugh shrilly and exaggeratedly . mrs gardener gee , I guess it do . still , you can not really think that odell and I have anything to do with the death of that unfortunate woman , monsieur poirot , now can you ? race we have to investigate everyone here madam , I be afraid . mrs gardener but neither odell nor I would hurt a fly . poirot we be not talk about les mouch , Madame . have either of you meet Madame Marshall before you come here ? mrs gardener ( together ) no. never . mr gardener ( together ) yes . as a matter of fact we have . mrs gardener look dagger at she husband . 82 continue 77 race there seem to be a slight difference of opinion here . mr gardener well , to tell the truth we invest in a musical Comedy she do in the States , last year . we meet she then . race be it a successful show ? mr gardener Hell , no . but it have a kind of appropriate name - gold digger of 1934 . you see it could have be successful but she leave it after a few week to go off with some oleo margarine King , and it fold . race - as a result of which you lose you money ? mr gardener I will say we do . race May I ask how much money you lose ? mrs gardener sixty thousand clam . race whistle . poirot and so you bore Madame Marshall a grudge ? mrs gardener well would not you have ? but not enough to bump she off . that 's crazy talk . poirot I hope for you sake it be Madame . for you see you would have have all the time in the world to go to blood Bay between eleven thirty and twelve o'clock and er ... bump she off . be I not right ? mrs gardener what utter nonsense . I be with odell on the beach during that time . be not I ? mr gardener nod unhappily . 82 83 84 78 continue poirot do you not go to play tennis ? monsieur Marshall and Madame redfern have say you do . mr gardener er ... well yes , that 's right . race what time be that sir ? mr gardener the date be for twelve fifteen . poirot but you have to change first , surely ? mr gardener er yes , that 's true . I guess I leave the beach about twenty of ... mix through to the next scene . ext . the path from booty beach to the HOTEL nearing noon on the path between booty Bay and the Hotel , mr gardener be examine some bizarre rock formation . he straighten up and walk on towards the hotel . mr gardener ( v.0 . ) ... there be some curious rock formation on the path back to the hotel which I want to examine at leisure . mrs gardener ( v.0 . ) I think it be a little later than that odell . about ten minute later , at least . mr gardener ( v.0 . ) no , dear , I do not think so . the time be about twenty of twelve , I be pretty sure . race ( v.0 . ) do you see anybody on you way back to the hotel ? mix through to the next scene . int . mr and mrs gardener' bedroom midday mr gardener be change for tennis . his clothes be old - fashioned even for the period , and he racquet be ancient . 84 85 86 87 79 continue mr gardener ( v.0 . ) no sir . I see no one either on the path or in the hotel . I go straight to my room and change . mr gardener look out of the window . ext . HOTEL midday we see the exterior of the hotel from mr gardener 's point of view in he first floor bedroom . we see christine redfern hurry off the path which lead to cutlass cove , and into the hotel . mr gardener ( v.o. ) however while I be change , I do see from my window Mrs redfern hurry into the hotel from the direction of cutlass cove . race ( v.0 . ) what sort of time would that have be ? mix through to the next scene . int . mr and mrs gardener' bedroom midday mr gardener move away from the window , consult he watch and pick up he racquet which he remove from its press . mr gardener ( v.0 . ) 1 reckon about ten after twelve , or a little later . he leave the room . mix through to the next scene . ext . tennis court midday mr gardener arrive at the tennis court , and daphne castle and kenneth marshall who be already there , move to take up position on one side of the net . race ( v.0 . ) who be there when you arrive ? mr gardener ( v.o. ) Captain Marshall and Mrs Castle . poirot ( v.0 . ) do you notice anything out of place about either of they ? 87 88 80 continue . mr gardener ( v.0 . ) out of place ? poirot ( v.0o . ) how shall I put it - a tautness of manner , a unnatural excitement . mr gardener ( v.0 . ) both of they be animated . but I would not say unnaturally so . race ( v.0 . ) could you tell I how much later than you be Mrs redfern in arrive at the court . a quick mix to indicate the passage of time . christine redfern hurry onto the court , and join mr gardener . mr gardener ( v.o. ) well now let I see . I be about five minute late , and she be approximately ten minute or so after I . I would say it be around twelve thirty when she get there . mix through to the next scene . ext . croquet lawn afternoon poirot , race and mr and mrs gardener stand on the croquet lawn as they be at the end of scene 82 . race and that 's all you can tell we ? mr gardener I be afraid so . it be not till after the game that we hear of the tragedy . race I see . poirot au revoir then , Madame , monsieur . enjoy pass through the little hoop . he give they a little bow , and he and race walk off in the direction of the harbour , leave the gardener alone . mrs gardener ( furious ) so you have to tell they about all that money we lose . eh ? that be not very smart of you , odell . not very smart at all . ~~ 88 89 90 81 continue mr gardener I be sorry , dear . it just sort of slip out . mrs gardener slipped out ? ... it sort of gush out , like goddamn Niagara Falls . and why do you have to go and tell they you leave the beach at twenty of twelve ? mr gardener well I do not want to lie now honey do I ? they always find this thing out you know , . mrs gardener baloney ! do not you realise that neither of we have get a alibi now ? you be a bloody tool , odell . sometimes you make I so mad I could ... oh hell ! she strike off she croquet ball for a new game . the camera track into a close up of she large hand grip the top of the mallet as if strangling it . mix through to the next scene . ext . the harbour afternoon miss brewster 's large hand grasp the oar of a row boat . we pull back to see she take they out of they rowlock , put they inboard , and leaping out of the boat onto the harbour jetty where she make it fast to a bollard . sitting on two other bollard be poirot and race . as miss brewster get back in the boat to tidy it and bale out surplus water they rise and walk over to she . poirot Mademoiselle , I would like to hear some more about the incident of the bottle which nearly hit you this morning . miss brewster oh that ! well , it must have be about 10.15 and I be take a dip on the hotel beach ... mix through to the next scene . ext . the sea on the south eastern side of the HOTEL morning miss brewster , attire in a antediluvian bathing costume be swim energetically . suddenly a glass bottle come hurtle 90 91 82 continue down out of the sky , and land with a great splash right next to she . it filis with water and sink . miss brewster look up angrily at the hotel window but be unable to discover from which one it have be throw , because the sun be in she eye . miss brewster ( v.0o . ) ... when suddenly this bottle come whizzing out of the blue and smack down in the water next to I . miss brewster ( to herself , sotto voce ) bloody maniac ! poirot ( v.0 . ) do you happen to notice what kind of a bottle it be , or from what window it be throw ? miss brewster ( v.0 . ) I be afraid not . it sink too quickly for that , and when I look up at the hotel , I could not see much because the sun be in my eye . miss brewster swim ashore and start to pick she way over the rock towards the hotel 's outside staircase . poirot ( v.0 . ) tres curieux . and now , madame , I should like to know what you do between finish - ing you bathe and come down to the beach . miss brewster ( v.0 . ) oh I do not know ... mix through to the next scene . int . miss brewster's bedroom morning miss brewster be do some physical jerk in she room - deep breathe , knee bend , sit up etc . miss brewster ( v.o. ) 1 change out of my wet costume , do a few physical jerk , read the newspaper . why ? be it important ? poirot ( v.0 . ) parbleu . it be of the very great importance ! you must see that during this time it would have be quite possible for you to have go . over to 91 92 83 continue poirot ( cont v.0 . ) blood Bay , wait for Madame Marshall to arrive there shortly after eleven o'clock , kill she , and then to have return in time to join we at about eleven twenty on booty Beach . mix through to the next scene . ext . the harbour afternoon miss brewster , poirot and race be as they be at the end of scene 89 . . miss brewster D 'ye mean climb up and down that cliff ladder ? you must be loopy if you think I could do that , with my head for height . poirot I be afraid we have only you word for that unfortunate malady , Mademoiselle . miss brewster well , why should I want to ? just answer I that , poirot non . you answer I that s'il vous plait . miss brewster I have no reason . - poirot but that be not . the complete truth . you have already tell I that you be they - ploy as arlena Marshall 's secretary for over five year , and that she give you nothing ~- no reference , no help . in fact she use every device in she power to prevent you tell the truth about she . what I wonder could you have mean by that ? _ miss brewster climb out of the boat onto the jetty to confront poirot . miss brewster monsieur poirot , I have my skill as a secretary , but as you may have notice , I be not a pretty girl from pitman 's College who find it easy to get a job anywhere at three or four pound the week . so after I be dismiss I write a account of my life with Mrs Marshall , 92 continue 84 miss brewster ( cont ) hope to serialise it in the tabloid press . I call it the secret life of arlena Stuart - by she personal Secretary , with the subtitle the actress who live up to the reputation she could not live down ! believe it or not , I get immediate and generous offer to publish , both here and in America , but she stop I . poirot how Mademoiselle ? miss brewster well you see , without realise it I have sign a contract of employment , one clause of which prevent I from publishing any - thing about my former employer whilst ... ( she pause ) poirot whilst ...? miss brewster ( reluctantly ) whilst she be alive . poirot and now that she be dead , Mademoiselle , you can go ahead - n'est ce pas ? she shoot he a terrify glance . miss brewster well I suppose put like that , yes ... but [ assure you I do not know anything about she death . nothing at all . you must believe that monsieur poirot ... you must ! poirot calm yourself , mademoiselle . you be not the only person here with a motive for choke Madame Marshall to death . good afternoon . he give she he little bow . she give he another scared look and then blunder away up the jetty . race do you see she hand poirot ? they be absolutely enormous . 92 93 85 continue poirot vraiment cher Colonel . never have I see so many woman in one place with hand that Jim braddock himself would like to own , it be most strange . ext .. HOTEL terrace afternoon a large pair of hand pound a typewriter . we pull back to see the albanian sergeant still hard at work on Kenneth Marshall 's letter . daphne castle stand look over he shoulder read what he have type . poirot and race appear and walk across the terrace towards they . race well how 's it go sergeant ? sergeant be take a long time - much more than one hour to do this . daphne castle hullo , what 's the poor man try to do - preak the albanian speed type record ? she pick up a couple of letter at random and start to read they . we notice that she hand also be large . poirot he be try to prove a alibi , madame . daphne castle whose ? Kenneth marshall ? if he wife be wealthy he certainly need one . poor love . be she wealthy by the way ? poirot it appear so , but why do you ask that ? daphne castle well look at this letter . spondulix wise he appear to be up shit creek with - out a paddle . poirot pardon ? qu est ce que c'est cette sheet Creek ? race I think Mrs Castle mean to imply that Captain Marshall - be in financial difficulty . 86 93 continue poirot mais oui . that he have already tell we . daphne castle still Ken never care about money . I only hope you be satisfied with he alibi . poirot certainment we know this letter had.to have be type between eleven and twelve o'clock this morning - the time of the murder . race he also claim one of the maid who be clean the room must have hear the sound of the typewriter . daphne castle well , there it be . Ken certainly be not clever enough to use the old gramophone record trick - you know the one where the murderer record the sound of a type - writer , put it on the gramophone , and nip out and bop he wife while everyone think he 's still in he room . poirot and race give she the kind of look they would bestow on a mentally deficient child . poirot and of course a gramophone do not actually type letter , madame . daphne castle no more it do . silly I . race sigh and give he attention to the sergeant . race well , you can pack it in now . the point 's prove . instead I think you should take a little exercise . sergeant ( suspicious ) Exercise ? race I would like you to time how long it take to get from the spot at blood Bay where the body be find , from various point on the island , run both way . '' on 93 of 94 on 87 continue the sergeant 's worst fear have be realise . sergeant running sir ? poirot oui . like the miraculous jesse owen . daphne castle I do not think that 's at all a good idea . in this heat , you will give the poor man a heart attack , and we will have two corpse on we hand . besides I have all the timing you want . race you have all the timing ! daphne castle come I '11 show you . she lead they into the hotel , as the sergeant make a prayer - ful gesture that she have what they want . int . SMALL conservatory afternoon watched by race and poirot , daphne castle lift the tarpaulin off a bulky object stand in the centre of the conservatory , to reveal a scale model of the island , beautifully work in coloured plaster . it show the bay , path , harbour , light - house , chapel and hotel , all name , with little flag show the time to various place , stick up all over it . daphne castle there you be . a old chum of mine do it a couple of year ago , when he have a little trouble pay he bill . be careful of it ~ it 's worth its weight in caviar . we move into a ecu of the model as the two man bend to examine it . race point to the flag . race and this time be walk time ? daphne castle slouch time , I would have say . ( point ) I mean fifty minute from the hotel to the point of the island ! if you jogge all the way , you could do it in half the time . 88 94 continue race ( trace with he finger from marker to marker ) then let we do that . half of fifty be twenty - five - so that 's twenty - five minute from the Hotel to the Point . Seven minute to cutlass cove . eight minute to bounty Beach . ten minute to blood Bay . Seven minute to lighthouse ledge . from the ledge to the Bay five minute . from the Beach to the Bay twelve minute , and from the Bay to cutlass cove four minute . poirot astound mental arithmetic cher Colonel ! I stand amaze . eh maintenant , I would like you sergeant to prepare more little flag for we with the name of the hotel guest on they , to use with this superb model . it will greatly facilitate we enquiry . race I '11 get he on to it . daphne castle monsieur poirot , I do not wish to be seem to teach my grandmother to suck egg or anything but I have change my mind about the murderer . you see I be read a magazine story about a woman in malaya who be drown by a huge moray eel which darte out of a hole and drag she to the ocean floor , its tooth bury in she throat . and that give I a new theory - about the brewster woman , - do you know by the way she be arlena 's secretary for year and be fire ? well anyway she could have be lurking in the water off blood Bay when she appear on that float thing and could have leapt up and pull she off it ... poirot helas Madame Marshall be not drown , madame . still less be she gnaw to death . daphne castle well I '1l tell you what . she could have ... poirot Mrs Castle , forgive I , but as a matter of routine I should like to know where you be yourself between eleven o'clock and twelve noon . 94 95 96 89 continue daphne castle I ? but surely you can not think ... race please Mrs Castle , we have to check everyone . daphne castle well , about ten thirty I go for a walk over to lighthouse ledge , and I sit down there to make some note for my staff meeting at eleven thirty . mix through to the next scene . lighthouse ledge day daphne castle be sit on a bench under the lighthouse , make note . in the sea below arlena marshall paddle by she float in a northerly direction . race ( v.0 . ) do you see anybody ? daphne castle ( v.0 . ) as a matter of fact I see arlena Marshall . she paddle by on a float . race ( v.0 . ) move towards blood Bay ? daphne castle ( v.0 . ) yes . * poirot ( v.0 . ) towards she death ? daphne castle ( v.0 . ) I suppose so , it have nothing to do with I . about half a hour later I return to the hotel for my meeting . mix through to the next scene . SMALL conservatory afternoon poirot , race and daphne castle be as they be in scene 94 . race can anyone vouch for you ? daphne castle of course - practically the whole staff can , from after eleven thirty that be . you see once a week it be my custom to 90 96 continue daphne castle ( cont ) collect they all together to give they a kind of collective boot up the bum . it do they no end of good - particularly the eyeties - keep they up to snuff as my old papa use to say . poirot trace she propose journey on the model . poirot but you could have follow Madame Marshall along the cliff top and have be wait in blood Bay to strangle she when she arrive just after 11 o'clock . you would have have plenty of time to have return here for the meeting at eleven thirty n'est ce pas ? daphne castle what a simply spifflicatingly absurd thing to say monsieur poirot . poirot be it ? I have see the way you look at captaine Marshall , Madame , and it seem to I that both you and he share the same motive . daphne castle I be afraid I do not follow you drift at all . poirot vraiment ? with arlena out of the way you two would be free to marry . daphne castle I kill for love ? I must say it 's very flatter of you to suggest it , but I be afraid I be far too much of a harden old trollop for that ; and as for Kenneth , he would never do it in a million year . why he would not even contemplate divorce when he must have know about every second man she meet be throw a leg over she . poirot ah , but even the protector of lame duck may change when he meet he childhood sweetheart again after seventeen year , and realise he be still in love with she . she look very embarrassed . 96 97 91 continue daphne castle monsieur poirot you have the frenchman 's obsession with the crime passionel . poirot that be not so madame , but if I have it , it would be a belgian obsession . race for my part , Mrs Castle , I should like to know what you do after the staff meeting be over . daphne castle I have a date to play tennis at twelve fifteen , so I get change and breeze off to the court . mix through to the next scene . ext . tennis court midday rosamund darnley come into the tennis court . kenneth marshall be knock the last of the tennis ball he have take from they box , over the net . the dialogue be as before . daphne castle ( v.0 . ) when I get there Kenneth Marshall have arrive but the other have not . race ( v.0 . ) the other ? daphne castle ( v.0 . ) Mr gardener and Mrs redfern . race ( v.0 . ) how do Captain Marshall 's manner strike you ? daphne castle E be not sure I understand the question ? race ( v.0 . ) I want to know whether he be quite normal in he behaviour that 's all . you know - fully compose ? daphne castle ( v.0 . ) I have never know Ken Marshall when he 's not be as fully compose as a Beethoven symphony . mr gardener arrive and daphne castle and kenneth marshall move to take up position on one side of the net . 97 98 92 continue poirot ( v.0 . ) you answer be very amusing Madame , put this be a serious matter , and it be very important to we to know you impression of the people you be play tennis with . in other word do you consider that any of they could have commit murder in the previous hour ? daphne castle ( v.0 . ) I be sorry if I be flippant . in answer to you question everybody appear to I to be perfectly normal . I do not believe any one of they could have just strangle somebody . poirot ( v.0 . ) thank you , Madame . race ( v.0 . ) I believe Mr gardener be the next to arrive . how much behind you be he ? daphne castle ( v.0 . ) I be not sure . not long . maybe three or four minute . a quick mix to indicate the pass of time . christine redfern hurry onto the court and walk over to join mr gardener . daphne castle ( v.0 . ) Mrs redfern be quite a bit later . she could not have be on court much before half past twelve ... mix through to the next scene . int . SMALL conservatory afternoon race , poirot and daphne castle be position as they be at the end of scene 96 . poirot who win the tennis by the way ? daphne castle be as surprised by the question as race , daphne castle what ? oh they do . Mrs R can sure hit " the jolly old pill " as if she hate it . if you ask I that milk white arm could mince the tricep of a six hundred pound sumo wrestler . 14 98 ' i | 1 99 ' 100 ao 101 ~~ 102 93 continue poirot have walk round to peer down a telescope mount on a tripod which be point out towards the harbour . poirot ah a sail ! insert ext . the sea we see through the telescope mr blatt 's sailing boat head towards the island . poirot ( v.0o . ) I think it might be we gallant mariner monsieur blatt . int . SMALL conservatory afternoon poirot step away from the telescope and turn to race . poirot I have be wonder where he 's be all day . let we go down and pipe he ashore . au revoir Madame , poirot and race head towards the foyer of the hotel . daphne castle of course I would forget Mr blatt . he 's obviously play a double role , with all that terrible joke and everything . I would not mind betting he 's a old flame arlene pick up year ago when she be play blackpool or skegness or some other frightful sea side resort , and get she hook into and reduce to penury . he meet she here by chance and vow vengeance ... int . foyer HOTEL afternoon poirot and race keep go determinedly across the foyer and out of the hotel pursue by daphne castle 's wild surmise . daphne castle ( v.0 . ) +.» he would find it quite easy to sail round the island and strangle she with one of that clever nautical knot ... int . SMALL conservatory afternoon daphne castle watch poirot and race go , she mouth drop in astonishment at they failure to listen further to she theorise . 102 103 94 continue daphne castle +s. &@ bowline , or a sheepshank , or whatever they be call ... her voice trail off disconsolately . ext . the harbour evening the time be now seven o'clock , bill the boatman be make fast Mr blatt 's yawl for he . as poirot and race approach the two man it become clear that he be tell a dirty story , mr blatt you see this old feller , all bent over go into a Ice cream parlour and say to the soda jerk " Ice cream sundae please " . he reply " crushed nut grandad ? " , and the old bloke say " no lad . it 's rheumatism " , mr blatt laugh loudly and walk up the jetty towards poirot and race . behind they bill shake he head in baffle incomprehension , mr blatt hullo monsewer . Old Bill just tell I about the murder . I would have to be out on my boat for the day , and miss all the fun , would not I ? what a swiz ! poirot this be Colonel Race . monsieur blatt . I do not think you will discover that he find it quite as hilarious as you do . mr blatt well I do not mean ... race you say you go out sailing this morning ? at what time may 1 ask ? mr blatt oh , early . about ten o'clock . race be anyone with you ? mr blatt not a soul . I be all on my little owneo . race and where do you go ? mr blatt South West . the wind be right behind I . poirot you do not happen to approach blood Bay at any time during the morning , do you ? mr blatt be that where the dark deed be do ? no . I do not go within mile of the place . as a matter of fact I have not see anyone all day . 103 continue 95 poirot and that 's all you can tell we ? mr blatt ' fraid so . not much use I suppose . poirot have you any idea who could have do it ? mr blatt well it 's obvious , be not it ? cherchez le hubby . poirot it may be so , yes . all we know for certain be that Madame Marshall have a secret rendez - vous with someone at blood Bay this morning . mr blatt well , that have to be redfern . though why pick a draughty cove for a bit of nooky beat I . remind I of the old one about the wife watch she old man come out of the sea , and say to she friend , " Fred go all blue and stiff when he 's be in the water - not that I worry about the colour . " once again mr blatt crack up laugh . poirot regards he quizzically ; race coldly . race it be not Mr redfern . we know that for a fact . it be somebody else - a blackmailer for example . ° mr blatt ( bluster ) a blackmailer ... wotcher mean ? race ( heavily ) we believe she be be blackmail - by a man . mr blatt well do not look at I . that 's not my handwrite . poirot how do you make you money monsieur blatt ? mr blatt it 's all perfectly legit . I be in what you might call seaside novelty - you know , trick , puzzle , saucy hat and picture post card . 103 104 96 continue poirot ( murmure ) quelle surprise ! mr blatt listen , if it be not redfern and it be not Marshall , I will bet I know who it be . have to be . she say she be go to do it . do not you remember , you be with I on the beach , yesterday morning , when she run past ? poirot you mean Mademoiselle Linda ? vraiment . she do certainly threaten to kill she step - mother , but she 's so young . mr blatt there 's no such thing , this day . you mark my word . she 's the one . he tap the side of he nose with a vast confidential fore - finger . mix through to the next scene . int . arlena marshall's bedroom evening a close up of a pile of frilly underwear . we pull bacl to see the may gladys norracott sorting they out , and tidy they away . poirot and race appear in the doorway . race Excuse I . gladys norracott jump . gladys norracott oooooh . Lord , you startied I . race sorry . be you name gladys norracott ? gladys norracott yes that 's I . I be just put away some of Mrs Marshall 's thing . I must say she small be not ' arf frilly . poirot 's eye gleam as he finger the pile . poirot ah yes , the foamy cami-knicker , swirl , half see beneath the dramatically severe line of the day suit . extraordinaire ! 104 97 continue gladys norracott give poirot a sharp , suspicious look , and snatching the lingerie away from he start to pack it into the wardrobe . gladys norracott ( sharply ) be there something , sir ? poirot I understand that you be on duty on this floor between eleven and twelve o'clock this morning . gladys norracott not after eleven thirty I be not . I have to go to a staff meeting do not I ? poirot well , before you leave for you meeting do you hear the sound of a typewriter come from Captain Marshall 's bedroom ? gladys norracott yes . I hear he type away quite steady . poirot 's gaze travel to a huge array of cosmetic bottle line up on the dress table . identifiable but not over prominent be a bottle of perfume label souffle De mer . poirot now I want you to take a look at this botty . can you tell I if any be miss ? she stare helplessly at they . gladys norracott Lord sir , you would have to have the memory of a h'elephant to be able to tell that . poirot what about the other room , where I pre - sume there be somewhat fewer bottle ? gladys norracott I can not say I notice nothing . what kind of a bottle might it be ? poirot alas that I can not tell you . eh maintenant , one last thing I want you to cast about in you mind to see if there be anything odd that you can remember as have happen 104 continue she look 98 poirot ( cont ) this morning which you might have notice , and have forget to tell we . gladys norracott odd sir ? poirot yes , gladys . odd. unusual . out of place . different to the normal run of thing . at he with a doltish expression on she face . poirot wait patiently . she look gladys norracott well there be one thing , though it be nothing really . just someone have a bath a bit after twelve o'clock . I mean that 's odd or unusual be not it ? most people have bath in the early morning or in the evening , but not in the middle of the day . poirot who have this bath ? gladys norracott I reelly could not say . I just hear it go down the waste that 's all . poirot you be sure it be a bath - not one of the hand basin ? gladys norracott quite sure . I mean you can not mistake bath water run away , now can you ? it make a kind of gurgle sound . poirot like someone choke ? gladys norracott sort of , yes . poirot or be strangle ? at bim wide - eye , she hand fly to she mouth . daphne castle appear in the doorway , and see only gladys norracott daphne castle do get on with you work gladys . you be not pay to gawp . 99 104 continue gladys norracott hurry out . daphne castle now see poirot . daphne castle oh it 's you monsieur poirot . poirot a votre service , Madame . daphne castle I be afraid it 's no use question gladys about anything . she 's as dense as dough . poirot I have not find it so , Madame . daphne castle really ? well have you arrest anyone yet ? I tell you who it be . poirot you choice of murderer have so far be somewhat extensive . daphne castle have it ? well I can not stop now and sort it out for you . I have simply get to keep a eye on andrea . he 's make a curry de poulet vindaloos for dinner , and the last time he cook it , it be s0 hot we practically have to call the fire brigade from the mainland . arriverdutch as they say in Holland . poirot au revoir encore Madame . she bustles out . race and poirot follow slowly . race she 's quite potty . she 'il be accuse we next . poirot do not distress yourself about Madame Castle , mon vieux . order and method will prevail . race I sincerely hope so , but then why all this irrelevant question of yours about bath and bottle ? they walk through the door . 105 int . 106 100 the MAIN landing of the HOTEL evening poirot and race walk out onto the main - landing . poirot there be nothing irrelevant about my question , je vous assure . they be eminently the most logical . if you have a empty bottle on you dress table , or in you bathroom , what do you do with it ? do you drop it in the waste paper basket , or do you go to the trouble of go out onto you balcony and hurl it into the sea ? : race h be , I see what you mean . you would only do that if you do not want to be connect with it . poirot exactement . race and the bath ? what be so strange about the bath ? poirot the time - a little after twelve o'clock . consider which of the guest be in the hotel at that hour . Madame redfern . monsieur gardener . Madame Castle and capitaine Marshall . they be all about to play tennis - a curious time to choose to take a bath , n'est ce pas ? see you at le dejeuner . poirot head off to he room to change for dinner leave race to descend the stair thoughtfully . the dine room of the HOTEL night all the guest be seat at the table eat the curry bert and charlie be the waiter in attendance . miss brewster by George this be hot ~ but absolutely super ! o~ 106 continue he laugh . 101 mr blatt you be right . it 's hotter than a night in a mexican whorehouse . the other ignore he . mrs gardener I hope you be not go to be ill , odell , like poor Mrs auschsteiner - boltz 's girl sadie . do you remember how she be when she eat the hot chilly in alberquque ? mr garddngr dear , I think it be gazpachio in Mexico City . mrs gardener it be hot chilly in alberquque , and all night long she be up and down to the john , which be about half a mile away . daphne castle be you sure it be not a earth closet , Mrs gardener ? she smile insouciantly at mrs gardener who glare back . linda marshall ( to bert ) could I please have a glass of iced water , kenneth marshall good idea . for I too please . about a gallon of it . a chorus of " I too " . poirot rise to he foot . poirot mesdame , monsieur , talk of water , I would like to disturb you all from the excellence of you dinner for a moment , by ask you just one simple question , which may have some bear on we murder . do any of you have a bath this morning about midday , or a few minute later ? 106 continue 102 the camera move round the circle of face , they all shake they head . poirot turn to race . poirot voila ! another little mystery to torture the logical mind . a bath pour out , which no one will admit to take . ( to the company ) please continue to consume the dish of the incomparable andrea , and leave to my little grey cell the elucidation of the puzzle why cleanliness be not next to truthfulness . he tap he forehead and resume he seat as we fade to black . 107 ext . top of cliff above blood BAY / cliff ladder midday race be finish strapping a apprehensive poirot into a bosun 's chair on the cliff top . he cross himself devoutly , as he be swing out over the side of the cliff and lower by the sergeant . race himself descend into the bay by the iron ladder clamp to the cliff face , enjoy as he do so the grotesque sight of he colleague swinging around in the air above he head like a helpless whale . poirot ma foie ! quelle vie de boheme ! race ( call ) what 's that you say ? poirot ( testy ) I say my liver ! what a life of a bohemian ! race ( call ) I would not be worry about bohemian if I be you , at this moment . I would just hang on tight . poirot look down and nearly faint with terror at the sheer drop below he dangle foot . poirot quel horreur ! race do not look down . 103 107 continue race climb smartly down the ladder sing blithely : race ( sing ) he fly through the air with the great of ease that dare vieux belge on the fly trapeze . poirot mais c'est bien impudent tout cela ! race leap off the ladder and be in time to catch the wildly gyrate poirot , and release he from he harness . race well do poirot . that should have juice up the little grey cell for you . poirot they have not be juice . they have be paralyse . after considerable attention to he toilet poirot recover himself enough to take a interest in he surroundings . as the sergeant descend the iron ladder , he walk over to the tape outline figure lie above the waterline in the shade of the overhange cliff . the green chinese hat lie over the spot where the face would be , and the white bathing costume be spread out over the trunk of the body . he study it intently . behind he the sergeant pick up a couple of object ' from the beach . sergeant I have find this on the sand . he hold out a pair of scissors and a pipe stem . poirot and race study they curiously . race right . hang on to they will you . ( to poirot ) do you think they be significant ? poirot mais oui . as significant as a wristwatch , a bathing cap , a bottle , a bath ... the bell on the fisherman 's chapel round the corner in Bible Bay . sound twelve o'clock faintly : --- and the chapel bell . ( he look at he watch ) bon . it be 's precisely the same time as yesterday when the body be discover . 104 107 continue patrick redfern row the boat with he passenger miss brewster in the stern , round the point and in towards the shore . patrick redfern jump out and run up the beach . race well do . you be precisely on time . now remember you be to do exactly as . you do before . patrick redfern I shout to she I think . race good . well off you go . patrick redfern ( shouting ) arlena ! ... arlena ... hi there ! patrick redfern run on up the beach wave , and shouting . hi there arlena ... he reach the figure and kneel down beside it . hey , wake up ! patrick redfern touch one of the outline limb and then sharply pull he hand away as if stung . he lift the hat off the face . patrick redfern ( shouting ) my God ! miss brewster what 's the matter ? patrick redfern she 's dead ... she 's be murder strangle ! he drop the hat back to cover where the face would be and run down to miss brewster who be sit in the boat hold the oar . miss brewster be you sure ? patrick redfern nod he head dumbly . how horrible ! patrick redfern who could have do this to arlena ? ... it 's just not possible . 105 107 continue 108 patrick redfern look at poirot who have be watch the reconstruction with great attention . . patrick redfern we stay like this for a minute or so . you see we be shocked . we do not know what to do . then in case the murderer be still hang about , I volunteer to stay with the body while miss brewster go to fetch the police . I touch nothing other than to make sure she be dead . miss brewster and I row away back to the hotel . I could not cope with that ladder you see . poirot I quite sympathise , Mademoiselle . poirot walk thoughtfully about the cove examine the cliff . suddenly he stop and beckon to race : poirot ( shouting ) come here Colonel . look at this . race join poirot and see what poirot have find - a narrow gap in the cliff face . they squeeze through it . int . cave midday poirot and race stand in the cave . it be faintly light . race h be . the air 's quite fresh . poirot sniff delicately . poirot indeed . it smell of le souffle De mer. race what 's that ? poirot the breath of the sea . race h be . very poetic . the two man look about they , examine the cave in detail . suddenly , poirot look at a shelf high above he head . poirot one might perhaps see that there be nothing up there . 108 106 continue race stretch up a long arm , but be still too short for a effective search by about a foot . somewhat precariously he manage a toe-hold in the cave wall , and hoist himself up be now able to investigate the shelf properly . suddenly he whistle and descend abruptly . in he hand be a tin box label Sandwiches . race ah a picnic box . poirot a curious place to hide the egg and cress sandwich , would you not say , mon vieux ? race open the box . we track in to a close up to see that the various compartment , label Salt , pepper and mustard be all full of what look like salt . race wet a finger and taste some . race good God ! ... not egg and cress , poirot . heroin ! ... so my information be correct ... what a lucky break ! the fellow I have be look for be obviously use this place as a drop or a cache . poirot what a fortunate find , mon cher . now all you have to do be have a watch keep and you will soon know who it be race exactly . it will give that idle sergeant of mine something to do . race put the sandwich box back where he find it . you know , I have be think . it could be that Mrs Marshall be a addict , and come here yesterday morning to meet 's she supplier . poirot non. non. non . it be not possible . she have steady nerve , and radiant health . but of course there be always the possibility that she discover this business accidentally and be silenced . alon . let we return to the hotel . poirot and race leave the cove . 107 109 ext . blood BAY midday 110 poirot and race emerge from the cave . poirot look first at the bosun 's harness and then at the poat . each object draw a shudder from he . poirot alas , I stand between the scylla of vertigo , and the charybdis of mal De mer. ( he shrug massively ) it be true one do not die of mal De mer , whereas another journey in that infernal machine might well induce une crise des nerf from which I would never recover . ( to Patrick redfern ) would you permit I , monsieur , to prevail on Mademoiselle brewster for you place in she boat . patrick redfern please go ahead . i'11 use the ladder . poirot you be too amiable . patrick redfern give poirot a dazzle smile and walk away across the beach towards the ladder . he be follow by race . poirot meanwhile walk apprehensively down the beach towards the boat , in the company of miss brewster . miss brewster all you have to do be to hop in monsieur poirot , and leave everything else to I . gingerly he comply with she suggestion . as soon as he be settle she cast off , and jump into 's the boat make it lurch sickeningly . as poirot groan unhappily she bend to the oar . back on the beach the sergeant conceal himself unhappily behind a rock . the camera track to ecu outline figure on the sand . mix through to the next scene . int . conservatory day ecu model replica of blood Bay . a hand come into shot and place a marker with arlena Marshall 's name on it , in the middle of it . we pull back to see poirot lean over the model . race stand watch . poirot now from my own unhappy experience I know it take about twenty five minute to row from booty Beach to blood Bay , so it be clear Madame Marshall arrive there at approximately five minute past eleven . between then and twelve o'clock , she be 108 110 continue poirot ( cont ) murder . let we see where everybody claim to have be during that fifty five minute . as he speak each suspect 's name , he place they marker with the appropriate time also write on it , in the relevant place , sometimes use two marker when the person name move from one place to another , during the period under review . poirot capitaine Marshall be in he room type . monsieur and Madame gardener be on booty Beach until eleven forty when monsieur gardener return to the hotel leave he wife alone . monsieur redfern be on booty Beach until he leave with Mademoiselle brewster to go for a row a little before eleven thirty . Mademoiselle brewster herself arrive at booty Beach about eleven twenty after exercise in she room . Madame Castle be at lighthouse ledge until she return for she staff meeting here at the hotel at eleven thirty . Madame redfern and Mademoiselle Marshall be here at cutlass cove until twelve o'clock , when Madame redfern leave to go back to the hotel , leave Mademoiselle Linda alone . finally monsieur blatt be out here sailing in a South westerly direction . now what do all that tell we ? race point to the relevant marker . race that the only people with watertight alibis be Captain Marshall with he hour 's type , Mr redfern who be either in you sight , or miss brewster 's . and Mrs redfern and Linda Marshall who vouch for each other , poirot exactement , and nearly everybody have a motive for kill she . race the exception be Mr blatt . poirot and even he for a innocent man seem to be very nervous , race poirot I must confess to you that I find this whole case most baffling . have you any idea who it be ? 110 1il 112 109 continue potrot I know who it should be . as I tell you before , this be a very slick crime . something tell I it be not a first attempt . race I be not sure I follow you . poirot come let we take the little promenade and I will explain . mix through to next scene ext . bible BAY day poirot and race walk down the promontory to the fisherman 's Chapel . poirot I must tell you , that earlier this year I be retain by the trojan insurance company to investigate a case of strangul - ation which the police be satisfied be the work of a madman or tramp , and not of the obvious suspect - the husband who ben - efite from the insurance policy . I read the document and decide it be useless to investigate , because the husband have a obviously cast iron alibi , be on a train mile away at the time of the murder . now suddenly I be not so sure , that incredible as it may seem , I hercule poirot , do not make the bad mistake . he look crestfallen . race come on poirot . you must not reproach yourself . we all make mistake . poirot not I . race oh really poirot ! sometimes you be impossible . they enter the Chapel , with race laugh and poirot affront . int . the seamen' chapel bible BAY day the interior of the Chapel be small and ancient , carve out of stone and cross with rough wooden tile . a cross poirot watch by the still chuckle race stop to examine a screen illustrate the parable of the talent make out of shell . 110 112 continue poirot ( frosty ) ah , the parable of the talent . I be sure you have always believe , that unto everyone that hath shall be give , but from he who hath not shall be take away , have not you cher Colonel . race have I poirot ? poirot mais naturellement , surely you have always know that to he who do not enquire , nothing shall be reveal . par example , you should enquire what the insurance company case have to do with this one , instead of laugh like the jack hass . race I be sorry poirot . I really be . perhaps you would be good enough to explain . poirot be mollify by race 's apology and he graciously consent to explain while the camera examine carving of skull and gargoyle , martyr and devil in a short bizarre montage . poirot can not you see they share the same pattern - the cold blooded plotting , the strangulation , the cast iron alibi of the husband . mon vieux , I want you to do something for I . I want you to get I photograph of all the witness in that case - the husband , the hiker who find the body , everybody who be interview . the name of the murder woman be Alice corrigan . her husband 's name I think be Edward , and the crime take place near ilkley , Yorkshire . race that should not be too difficult . the Police probably will not have any photo - graph but the local press would almost certainly have take some at the inquest . poirot good . I would also like to have a report on the financial affair of the murder woman . 111 112 continue 113 114 race I do not think I will be able to get you any of this information before tomorrow evening , I be afraid . poirot do not distress yourself , mon cher . while we wait we will amuse ourselves . race amuse ourselves ? poirot absolument . we shall have un grand pique-nique . race stare at poirot in astonishment , as the chapel bell strike the hour . ext , OPEN countryside afternoon daphne castle and poirot lead the way through open countryside . they be follow by the two male servant bert and charlie in uniform , carry hamper . behind they come the guest - mr and mrs gardener , miss brewster , mr and mrs redfern , kenneth and linda marshall . mr blatt walk at the rear by himself . the procession move . into more thickly wood countryside . mix through to the next scene . ext . glade with stream afternoon the procession of guest and servant enter a wood glade through which run a stream , and over which be a narrow wooden bridge . poirot spread he arm wide , and indicate he be satisfied with the venue . poirot voila , mesdame , messieur . a perfect place for le dejeuner , sur l'herbe . daphne castle I suppose andrea 's splendid Goose pie might as well be ravish by ant here , as elsewhere and I too for that matter ! mrs gardener do you remember odell when we be give that reindeer marrow Bones at modesty tausburphimmel 's home in Pittsburgh ? 112 114 continue 115 mr gardener I think they be elk bone , dear . mrs gardener they be reindeer Bones , and they be char black . I remember particularly as there be not a thing to eat on they . no wonder she keep she figure . linda marshall well I and not go to worry about my figure today , daddy . I be go to gorge myself silly . . kenneth marshall quite right , darling . I be sure daphne would be most offended if you do not . kenneth marshall and daphne castle exchange meaningful glance . the guest spread out and the servant bert and charlie start to unpack the hamper supervise by daphne castle . mix through to the next scene . ext . glade with stream late afternoon it 1s a couple of hour later . many of the company be asleep or rest in they previous grouping . bert and charlie be pack up the plate and cutlery . poirot have cross the river , and be sit , comfortably replete beneath a tree . he yawn , stretch , and suddenly get to he foot , as he attention be catch by a large spread of datura . he next see christine redfern walk on the other side of the river and call to she . poirot ( call ) ah Madame redfern , come and look at this flower . il sont tre extraordinaire ! 113 ao 115 continue 116 christine redfern run across the narrow wooden bridge . she join poirot and patrick redfern and examine the flower . christine redfern they be very pretty . poirot and pretty deadly , Madame . patrick redfern really ? ... what be they ? poirot Les trompettes De La mort . patrick redfern the trumpet of death ? poirot exactement , monsieur . datura . a highly toxic solanaceous plant . paralysis and death occur with quite astounding swiftness . yes - all in all , a most lethal weapon ... christine redfern , who have be about to touch the flower , draw back she hand sharply . poirot . and a most successful picnic do not you think ? patrick redfern oh ves , very , even thougn there 's stiti a murderer walk about loose among we . poirot for not much longer , mousieur , croyez-moi . the camera move to a close up of the datura flower . we mix through to the next scene . keelhaul cave evening poirot walk about , deep in think , amongst the jumble of rocky cavern which form keelhaul cave . suddenly he be hail by race who come hurry across the shingle towards race ah poirot . I have be look ail over for you . 114 116 continue poirot sometimes it be necessary to repose the mind in solitude . one must not blame the little grey cell for they moment of misanthropy . race well , do you have a good picnic ? poirot lot be most illuminate , and in a certain way quite surprising . race really ? in what way may one ask ? poirot gastronomically . the Goose pie be merveilleuse . have you any news ? race yes . whilst you have be surprising you stomach , I have be find out about Mrs Marshall 's financial affair . in a nutshell she bank tell I that out of the hundred thousand pound leave to she last year , she have draw out in cash amount all but eight thousand . to my mind , this certainly confirm the blackmail story . poirot ah can c'est tre interressant !... and the photograph ? when may I expect they ? race I should have they tomorrow morning . they will be radioe to tirane and bring here . poirot bon . I be convinced they will prove my case . race so now you know who it be ? poirot yes . I know . race well ? 116 117 118 115 continue poirot I do not like to speak until I have the proof . race how about a clue then ? poirot mais certainement . it be not as you might expect from you study of detective fiction , the least likely person . au contraire . it be the most likely person . he smile disarmingly as we mix through to the next scene . ext . blood BAY night a shadowy figure climb down the cliff ladder at blood Bay , and cross the stretch of sand to the conceal entrance to the cave . it find it and slip inside . int . cave night in the dim light , the figure cross to the shelf , and make use of the toe hole in the cave wall reach up and search the shelf . two powerful police torch suddenly stab out of the darkness and light up mr blatt as he grasp the sandwich box . poirot bon soir , monsieur blatt . have you come here to tell we one of you so 's amusing storey ? mr blatt spin round and tumble down from the perch into the arm of the sergeant . poirot rise from a shoot stick . he be elaborately muffle against the night 's chill . mr blatt Christ almighty !! race what 's it to be this time ? something spicy about dope run ? mr blatt alright , alright . it 's a fair cop . but how you find out , beat I . race if it 's any consolation to you , it be a bit of luck really . we do get they every so often you know . 118 119 116 continue poirot moi I be always interested in the activity of lone sailor , particularly one who be fascinate by pirate and smuggle . mr blatt I and my big mouth ! well , at least you can not hang I for it . poirot pour quoi pas ? it give you a good motive for murdering Madame Marshall . mr blatt what !! race you run you stuff in here . she catch you at it , and threaten to blow the gaff and you top she . mr blatt now look guv 'ner , you can not pin murder on I . that 's not my game . I swear I never even speak to the lady , let alone laid a finger on she . you have get to believe I . race believe the word of a heroin smuggler - why should I ? what do you think poirot ? poirot I think you should hold he here until tomorrow , when all shall be reveal . meanwhile even a hercule poirot become fatigue , so perhaps you would be so amiable as to row I back to the hotel - with as much stateliness as you can command . poirot leave the cave follow by race and the sergeant , the latter take a firm grip on the cow figure of mr blatt . int . the resident ' lounge of the HOTEL mid -morning the guest of the jolly Roger Hotel sit round face the fireplace in a large semi-circle . mr and mrs gardener sit to the right of the fireplace , and next to they in order be kenneth marshall , linda marshall , daphne castle , patrick and christine redfern , miss brewster , and last of all to the leave of the fireplace horace blatt . behind 119 120 117 continue mr blatt stand the sergeant . there be a general excited buzz of conversation which be suddenly still as hercule poirot enter the room and take he place in the centre of the semi-circle , stand before the model of smuggler ' Island which have be move from the conservatory into the lounge . poirot mesdame , messieur , I have ask you all to meet I here this morning , because I have discover the identity of the murderer of Madame Marshall . there be a further buzz of surprised conversation , and poirot take a small bow . poirot it be at the moment only a theory , - though one which I be quite sure be . the correct one . however , thanks to the good office of my dear colleague Colonel Race , I be hope that certain proofs will arrive shortly , which will put the matter beyond doubt . meanwhile I shall , with you kind permission offer you hercuie poirot 's solution . another buzz of affirmation . poirot eh bien , let we begin with a reconstruction of the event at blood Bay at the time of the murder . we mix through to the next scene , as poirot point with a pencil to blood Bay on the model . ext . blood BAY mid -day the scene be a flashback to scene 107 . poirot be examine the tape figure lie above the waterline in the shade of the overhange cliff , watch by race and the bergeant . the green chinese hat lie over the spot where the face would be , and the white bathing costume be spread out over the trunk of the body . patrick redfern and miss brewster arrive in the row boat , and the former run up the beach and go through he reconstruction , kneel by the outline figure , lift the hat off the face , then replace it and run down the beach towards miss brewster in the boat . 118 120 continue 121 poirot ( v.0 . ) I visit the scene of the crime at twelve noon the follow day , that be to say the same time the body be discover . I be strike at once by one very interesting fact . Madame Marshall have be obviously lie in the shade . and yet as I learn from the reconstruction she face have be cover by she great big green chinese hat . why , I ask myself be she face shield from a non - existent sun ? there could only be one answer - the murderer have want it conceal . mix through to the next scene . int , resident ' lounge HOTEL mid -day the scene be the same as it be at the end of scene 119 . race enter hold a envelope which he wave affirmatively at poirot . they nod at each other . poirot but why me amis have the murderer want it conceal ? he look directly at patrick redfern who stir uneasily in he chair . patrick redfern why ? poirot 1 think you know very well why , monsieur redfern . patrick redfern what can you mean ? poirot I mean that everyone here at this hotel have the opportunity to kill Madame Marshall , except for you and Madame redfern . she have not get the opportunity because she be with Mademoiselle Linda in cutlass cove . ( he point to cutlass cove on the model ) and you have not get the opportunity since , as you correctly inform I , 121 continue 119 poirot ( cont ) 1 be you alibi during the whole time until you leave the harbour with miss brewster , to row rouna@ the Island . he point to booty Beach and the harbour on the model . patrick redfern well there you be then . if we be the least suspicious of all the people here , why should I know why the murderer have want to conceal arlena ' 's face with the hat ? poirot because the singular impossibility of you and you wife have do the crime , convince I beyond doubt that you actually do do it . patrick redfern what !! be it daft you be ? poirot no , I do not think so monsieur redfern . ft be my belief that arlena Marshall go to blood Bay to meet you , and that she do meet you , and that you kill she there as you plan to do ! patrick redfern bound to he foot patrick redfern Jesus . you be talk through you hat - poirot shake he head slowly . d‘ you mind tell I how J do it then ? poirot hercule poirot 1s not to be fool twice , mon petit assassin . you do it a the same way that you murder Alice corrigan at llkley earlier this year , with the able assistance of you wite or partner christine , who help you here , in the same way as she help you then , by pretend to discover the body of Alice corrigan at least twenty minute before Alice corrigan actually die , and while you be still on the train . 120 4121 continue patrick redfern ( suddenly furious ) lies ! . , . all bloody lie ! christine redfern calm yourself , Patrick . as he say himself he can not prove anything . it 's only a theory . patrick redfern what about this proof of he that 's come eh ? what about that now ? christine redfern do not let he fool you . he just say that to get you to talk . can not you see that ? patrick redfern quite right girl . let he blather away . ( ironic ) pray continue , monsieur poirot . poirot merci . vous est trop gentil ... let I say at once that the crime depend 6 n the character of Madame Marshall . from the start I see she be the archetypal victim . it be not she who fatally attract man . it be man like you who fatally attract she - a adventurer , a man of good look and easy assurance who make he live out of woman , and often end up kill they . in other word you be the most likely suspect . patrick redfern ( hotly ) now that 's enough . christine redfern ( warningly ) Patrick ! patrick redfern relax , grin boyishly . poirot I have no doubt in my mind , monsieur redfern , that you find it quite easy to get arlena Marshall to hand you large sum of money from time to time , for " investment " , that be how she lose she money , be not it ? there be 121 122 121 continue poirot ( cont ) no blackmailer , nor never be . she be a pure invention of you wife 's to account for she deplete bank account . patrick and christine redfern exchange uneasy glance . patrick redfern if anything at all of what you be say be true , d' you mind tell I why on earth I should kill she . presumably there would have be plenty more where that come from . poirot not so , mon ami . there be very little leave . and it be not go to be very long before she husband be go to start ask awkward question about who have swindle she . she would have tell he , so you have to kill she in order to avoid a long speil in jail . n'est ce pas ? patrick redfern shrug carelessly . patrick redfern it 's a tale for the little people , monsieur poirot . why do not you show I how I do it , if you be so clever ? poirot as I say , you do it with the aid of this woman here , who may or may not be you wife . mix through to the next scene . int . the redfern ' bedroom mid -day a flashback to scene 29 . patrick and christine redfern stand by a open window , in they bedroom , row loudly over he attention to arlena Marshall . poirot ( v.0 . ) from the moment you come here both of you play out a series of care - fully rehearse scene in such a manner that all might hear , or see . together there be scene of hysterical jealousy , boom out through open window ... mix through to the next scene . 123 124 125 126 122 ext . the terrace above the bathing beach morning a flashback to scene 22 . poirot and miss brewster be talk together and be join by christine redfern . the recess dialogue we hear be from " I suppose it 's a bit like height . some people can not stand they ... " to " I do not go brown , I just become like a cassata - pink skin , white blister and green in the face " . poirot ( v.0 . ) . apart , you Madame , take every opportunity to give the impression that you be a physically frail woman who be absolutely terrify of height , and who have to hide she skin away from the sun , because it blister and make she look like a italian ice cream ... mix through to the next scene . int . the arbour overlooking bible BAY night a flashback to scene 34 . christine redfern be sit on a stone bench in the arbour , cry on poirot 's shoulder . poirot ( v.0 . ) ... and who be altogether to be pity as a poor little , helpless abandon wife . mix through to the next scene . ext . a tree screened clearing night a flashback to scene 36 arlena marshall and patrick redfern stand close together in the glade declare they love for each other , and embrace passionately . poirot ( v.0 . ) . whilst you , monsieur , take elaborately indiscreet pain to advertise you romance , by virtually shouting declaration of love , instead of whisper sweet nothing ... mix through to the next scene . ext . booty beach morning a flashback to scene 46 . patrick redfern impatiently pace the beach turn he head continually in the direction of the hotel . 126 127 128 123 continue poirot ( v.0 . ) .. and pace moodily about like a sulky love - lorn poet . but as I say I be convinced the pair of you be play act , and 1 be determine to prove it , by find you Madame , out in a perfectly obvious lie . to this end I arrange une pique nique ... mix through to the next scene ext . glade with stream lat afternoon a flashback to scene 115 poirot be examine the datura flower . he see christine redfern walk on the other side of the river , and call to she . christine redfern run across the narrow wooden bridge . she join poirot and examine the flower . potrot ( v.0 . ) .. and during the course of it induce you to cross a narrow bridge over run water which I have previously select . if it be true you have a bad head for height you would have have a great difficulty crossing that bridge . Madame , I must tell you , I see no such difficulty . mix through to the next scene . int , the resident ' lounge HOTEL mid - day the company be group as they be at the end of scene 121 christine redfern be look murderously at poirot . christine redfern that mean nothing . I be in a hurry , and probably do not take notice . poirot lf you affliction have be genuine you could not have help take notice . but it be not , and I know you be lie about it , and I also know why . christine redfern ( shouting ) then why for God 's sake ? 128 129 130 124 continue poirot if you only have patience Madame , I will now describe to you what you both do . ( to Patrick redfern ) the first move you make be on the beach on the day previous to the murder ... mix through to the next scene as he point to the terrace above the hotel beach on the model . ext , the terrace above the bathing beach morning a flashback to scene 24 , we pick up the scene where christine redfern get to she foot and wave to she husband in the distance . we see he pause , then ignore the wave , and deliberately walk off with arlena marshall down the beach . abruptly christine redfern turn and leave the terrace , head back towards the hotel . poirot ( v.0o . ) -.. you arrange a clandestine meeting with arlena Marshall in blood Bay , for the follow day . she be to go round to the Bay early . nobody go there in the morning when it be in shade , and you be to join she there as soon as you could slip away undetected . you tell she that if , while she be wait for you , she hear anyone descend the ladder , or a boat come in sight , she be to slip into the cave ... mix through to the next scene . ext . outside staircase south eastern side of the HOTEL early morning patrick redfern creep furtively out of the hotel , use the outside staircase . he be wear a bathing wrap , under which he be hold something bulky . he run off in the direction of blood Bay . poirot ( v.0 . ) .. you leave the hotel early in the morning , and run over to blood Bay . under you bathing wrap you have conceal a green chinese hat - the duplicate of the one arlena Marshall be in the habit of wear ... mix through to the next scene . 131 132 133 134 125 ext . blood BAY early morning patrick redfern climb the ladder into the cove . he then take the chinese hat from under he wrap and conceal it behind a rock , and climb up the ladder . poirot ( v.0 . ) .:» you climb down the ladder and stow it away in a appropriate place , out of sight , before return to the hotel . in the meantime you , Madame christine have go to Linda Marshall 's room ... mix through to the next scene . int . linda marshall's bedroom morning christine redfern enter linda marshall n's bedroom and alter she wristwatch , put it fifteen minute forward - a action we see in close up . poirot ( v.0 . ) , and advanced she wristwatch by fifteen minute . linda marshall enter the room and the rest of the scene be a flashback to scene 42 poirot ( v.0 . ) . you then arrange the expedition to cutlass cove and return to you own room ... mix through to the next scene . int . patrick and christine . redfern 's bedroom morning christine redfern apply dark sun tan to she leg and arm , she then throw the bottle out of the window . poirot ( v.o. ) +». where you carefully stain you vaunted white arm and leg with dark sun tan and then throw the incriminate bottle out of the window ... ext . the sea on the south eastern side of the HOTEL morning flashback to scene 90 . miss brewster be swim . the sun tan bottle come hurtle out of the sky and land with a great splash near to she . it fill with water and sink . miss brewster look up angrily at the hotel window but be 134 135 136 137 126 continue unable to discover from which window it have be throw , because the sun be in she eye . poirot ( v.0 . ) ... where it narrowly escape hit Mademoiselle brewster who be bathing . int . patrick and christine redfern bedroom morning christine redfern be put on a white bathing suit similar to arlena Marshall 's . over it she put on a pair of beach pyjamas . poirot ( v.0o . ) _... you then dress yourself in a white bathing costume similar to the one wear by arlena Marshall , and over it a pair of garish beach pyjamas with long floppy sleeve and a high neck , which effectually conceal you newly brown limb and chest . you then go off to cutlass cove with Linda while 1 make my way to rooty Beach ... mix through to the next scene ext . booty beach morning flashback to scene * 2 from where arlena marshall paddle away on she float to where patrick redfern arrive , and look about he , puzzle and impatient . poirot ( v.0 . ) ... at about eleven forty Madame Marshall depart for she rendezvous . and a minute or two later you monsieur redfern appear , and after some laboriously comic remark about my suede shoe , you set about register baffle impatience . and now , me amis the scene move to cutlass cove ... mix through to the next scene . ext . cutlass cove mid -day a flashback to a amalgam of scene 68 and 75 , this time shot from a neutral position . the action be from where linda marshall rise and christine redfern ask the time to where linda marshall enter the sea and christine redfern leave the cove - only this time we see in cu christine redfern pick up linda marshall be watch which she have take 137 138 139 127 continue ' off and leave behind she on she first visit to the sea ( before be remind of the bathing cap ) , and put the hand back fifteen minute to 11.45 . poirot ( v.0 . ) . at eleven forty five , and keep she own watch conceal , Madame christine ask Linda the time . naturally she say it be twelve o'clock . she then start to go down to the sea . while she back be turn , Madame christine return the watch to the correct time . then she call Linda back tell she she have forget she bathing cap . why should she bother to do that , you may ask ? the answer be simple , on top of the fisherman 's Chapel in bibie Bay , there be a bell . Fifteen minute later it be due to strike the hour , and if Linda hear it the game would be up . true , as I know from Mr blatt 's evidence that the wind be South West , and therefore blow away from she , but Madame christine could take no - chance of the sound carry . a girl splash about in the sea and wear a bathing cap would hear nothing . ext . cliff top above cutlass cove mid - day christine redfern look down and wave to linda marshall in the sea . she wave back . christine redfern now strike westward along the path to booty Bay , rather than southward to the hotel . poirot ( v.0 . ) now she hurry from the cove ... ext . . path between cutlass cove and blood BAY christine redfern run as fast as she can along the path which separate cutlass cove from blood Bay . over it we see superimpose poirot 's finger trace the journey on the model . poirot ( v.0o . ) ... and over the path which separate cutlass cove from blood Bay . this take she about four minute . mix through to the next scene . 140 141 128 ext . top of blood BAY mid-day christine redfern strip off she beach pyjamas and put they and she sketching thing behind a rock . she then climb agilely down the ladder . poirot ( v.0 . ) . she then strip off she beach pyjamas , and hide they and she sketching thing behind a big rock which be there , and climb athletically down the ladder ... ' ext . blood BAY mid -day arlena marshall be on the beach . she see christine redfern descend the ladder . arlena marshall ( to herself sotto vote ) Christ ! she run into the cave . poirot ( v.0 . ) arlena Marshall be on the beach , wonder why you , monsieur redfern be take so long to come . suddenly to she great chagrin , she see you , Madame , come down the ladder . only she husband could have present a more inconvenient figure . of course she be force to take refuge in the cave ... christine redfern take the green chinese hat from its hide place behind the rock , pull out a false red curl from inside it , and lie down on the beach above the water line . she then arrange the hat over face so that it be hide , and the curl show to advantage . poirot ( v.0 . ) .».- then all you have to do be to take the green chinese hat , with I suspect a false red curl pin underneath the brim at the back , from where you > partner have hide it earlier in the morning , and dispose yourself in a sprawling attitude with the hat and curl shield you face and neck . all this have take you at the very most a further five minute . the timing be perfect . < a few minute later the church bell strike twelve o'clock , 141 129 continue poirot ( v.0. cont ) and the boat contain Mademoiselle brewster and monsieur redfern come round the point ... from christine redfern p.o.v. we see the row boat contain miss brewster and patrick redfern come round the point . he jump out , run up the beach wave and shouting , and kneel down beside the body . we see the bronze limb , the white bathing suit , the red hair curling out from under the brim of the Green chinese hat from he point of view . he touch one of the bronze arm , then pull he hand away as if stung . he then lift the hat off the face . in extreme close up we see christine redfern 's face . she wink up at patrick . he grin broadly before replace the hat , and start he dialogue with miss brewster . poirot ( v.0o . ) it be of course monsieur redfern who run up the beach , who bend down to examine the body . it be he who be stunne , shocked , break by the death of he lover . all Mademoiselle brewster have see be a body with sun tan limb , wear a white bathing costume and arlena 's hat . do you remember what I say the first day we meet , Mademoiselle ? all body lie on the beach be alike . they be not man and woman there be nothing personal about they they be like row of butcher 's meat grill in the sun , and it 's true . one moderately well make young woman be very like another . two brown arm ; two brown leg ; and a little piece of bathing suit in between . miss brewster start to run off back to - the hotel . polrot ( v.0 . ) ... no wonder you be fool into imagine that you have see the corpse of Madame Marshall , when what you have actually see be the live body of Madame christine redfern . oui , that be why the murderer have to conceal the face - because it be not the murder victim lie there , but somebody else . and who else would help monsieur redfern but he own partner , or wife . yes , the crime have the same pattern as the 141 142 130 continue poirot ( v.o. cont ) corrigan murder , with the victim be kill later than everyone think possible . and now the performance by the witness be over . she have be choose well , she have not get a good head for height , 50 will not attempt to climb up the ladder . she will leave the Bay by boat , take the long way back for help , and leave monsieur redfern to remain with the body in case " the murderer be still hang about " . and what do you think happen Mademoiselle brewster , as soon as you disappear ? ... as soon as the boat be out of sight christine redfern jump up and cut the hat into piece with a pair of scissors , which she drop in she haste . she then fill the prassiere of she bathing suit with the piece of cardboard . quickly she kiss patrick , then turn , run across to the ladder , swarm up it , and disappear . patrick redfern toss a break pipe stem down on the beach . poirot ( v.0 . ) ... Madame christine jump to she foot , cut up the green cardboard hat into piece she can conveniently stuff into she bathing costume , and swarm up the ladder . the only clue they leave for we be the pair of scissors which I be sure she drop unintentionally , and the pipe stem of capitaine Marshall 's pipe which they put there in the hope that it would incriminate he ... ext , cliff top above blood BAY mid - day on the cliff top christine redfern put on she beach pyjamas , gather up she sketching material , wave gaily to patrick below , and run off . poirot ( v.0 . ) .. on the cliff top she slip back into she beach pyjamas gather up she sketching thing ... mix through to the next scene . 143 144 145 146 147 131 ext , the path between blood BAY and cutlass cove mid - day montage of shot of christine redfern run down the path which lead between blood Bay and cutlass cove . poirot ( v.0 . ) ... and run back to the hotel as fast as she can ... ext . path between cutlass cove and the HOTEL mid - day montage of shot of christine redfern run down the path which lead between cutlass cove and the hotel . superimpose over both scene be poirot 's finger trace a course on the model . mix through to the next scene . ext . front of the HOTEL mid -day christine redfern run into the hotel . the camera track up to a window to see mr gardener look out . poirot ( v.0 . ) . where she be see arrive between twelve ten , and twelve fifteen , by Mr gardener ... mix through to the next scene . int . christine redfern '’s bathroom / bedroom mid -day christine redfern 1s briskly rub the sun tan off she body , in the bath . she dry herself quickly , flush the piece of green cardboard and curl down the lavatory , and walk next door to change into tennis clothes . poirot ( v.0o . ) ... here she take the bath that no one would admit to take , in order to wash off the sun tan , flush the piece of green cardboard hat and the curl down le lavabo , and be ready to gc to the Court mix through to the next scene . ext . the tennis court mid -day flashback of scene 79 . christine redfern hurry onto the tennis court , where kenneth marshall and daphne castle be knock up against mr gardener , and walk over to join he . 147 148 132 continue poirot ( v.0 . ) .. late it be true , but unruffled and smile ... but what meanwhile have be happen to she partner monsieur Patrick ? ... mix through to the next scene . ext . blood BAY mid -day patrick redfern wave to he wife on the cliff top , as she wave to he , she run off and he move swiftly over to the cave . patrick redfern all clear darling . arlena marshall emerge from the cave . arlena marshall my God , you take a age . patrick redfern I be sorry darling . it be difficult to slip away with you husband prowling about the place like a grizzly bear with a bad case of eczema . and then of course , my damned wife have to turn up here . arlena marshall I know . I see she . she absolutely amaze I . she come down that ladder like tarzan . what on earth be she do here ? patrick redfern I do not know , but I send she away with a flea in she ear . she will not be Mrs Patrick redfern for very much longer - that I can promise you . arlena marshall dahling ... I have be so lonely ... they kiss . patrick redfern 's hand slip up she back and fasten round she neck in a sudden deadly stranglehold . her eye bulge ; she tongue protrude ; she face placken . slowly she slip to the ground . satisfied she be dead , patrick redfern pick she up and carry she over to where christine redfern have lain , and carefully arrange she limb in the same position as she have adopt . finally he put she green cardboard hat over she face , tease out a 148 149 133 continue curl of she red hair to lie in the same position as the false one , and with a self - satisfied emile sit down to wait for the Police . poirot ( v.o. ) ... why , as soon as madame christine be out of sight , he run over to the cave and call arlena 's name . she emerge , leave behind she the smell of she perfume souffle de mer , which I have see on she dress table in she bedroom , and the presence of which my excellent nose at once detect in the cave . now , I daresay with many a serpentine endearment , he apologise for he lateness , and he wife 's untimely appearance in the Bay . she relax , perhaps pout a little , forgive he - a embrace , and suddenly monsieur Patrick 's hand be round she throat . it be the end of poor , foolish , beautiful , easily beguile arlena Marshall ... he then arrange she in the same position that he partner have occupy on the beach , then cover she face with she hat , and a curl of she red hair , and sit down confidently , to await the arrival of the Police ... mix through to the next scene . int . the resident ' lounge HOTEL mid -day the scene be the same as it be at the end of scene 128 . all eye be on hercule poirot as he finish he oration . poirot voila mesdame , messieur - l'histoire de le meurtre de Madame Marshall . he bow theatrically as if expect applause . patrick redfern bound to he foot , he eye blaze . patrick redfern ( furious ) you damned , interfere , self - satisfied , froggie mountebank . poirot un mountebank belgique , monsieur , s'il vous plait . '' 149 150 134 continue patrick redfern where 's you proof then ? just answer I that . where 's you blast proof ? poirot look across at race enquiringly . race I do not want to interrupt you , poirot , while you be in full flow , so to speak , but this arrive while you be talk . it 's from ilkley , Yorkshire . he take the photograph from the envelope and hand it over . in close up we see that it be a reproduction of a page of the ilkley examiner . it be head brutal murder on the moor , and beneath be two photograph . one be of Patrick redfern and be caption the husband Edward corrigan . the other be of christine redfern and be caption the hiker . poirot look at they and smile happily . poirot ( to the redfern ) iei me brave . the proof that will hang the pair of you . patrick redfern and christine redfern both look at the paper . patrick redfern and it will kill you too ! with a murderous snarl he throw himself on poirot and fasten he tingers round he throat . poirot 's eye bulge out of he head as the trap blood start to blacken he face . he go limp . race and the sergeant finally manage to drag patrick redfern off poirot , but it have take time , and the camera track into a extreme close up of he seemingly lifeless face . mix through to the next scene . ext . the harbour evening patrick , christine redfern and horace blatt sit handcuff to albanian policeman in a police leunch . the albanian sergeant help mrs brewster aboard , carry she suitcase . she cross to sit next to mr blatt . miss brewster ( to blatt ) I be sorry you turn out to be a wrong ‘un . from the way you handle that yawl of yours , I would have think you would have be pretty good in a row boat , once you would master the oar . 150 151 135 continue mr blatt remind I of the one about the oarsman 's wedding , and the little nipper stand outside the church watch the happy coupie and they entourage walk out . under the line of cross blade , and shouting to he mother " ' ere mum , look at all they oar " , and she belting he across the ' ear ‘ole , and say " they be not oar , silly , they 's bridesmaid " . miss brewster laugh loudly . surprise mr blatt join in . miss brewster I say , thatis funny ! she take he manacle hand in hers and give he a comforting squeeze . he smile at she gratefully , recognise the first time that anyone have actually laugh at one of he joke . mr blatt God bless you . the camera pan up and zoom in to the firure of race and poirot sit on the verandah above the sun terrace . ext , verandah above the SUN terrace evening poirot recline on a chaise longue , he neck swathed in scarve . he look very sorry for himself . race sit solicitously near he on a cane chair . race and I must say again , poirot , it be a@ masterly piece of detection . quite masterly . poirot ( croaking ) and I say again cher Colonel that you attempt to save I from the talon of monsieur redfern be slower than a paralyse tortoise , it be a miracle it be here . Une veritable miracle ! race oh I do not think it be quite as serious as all that . poirot parbleu ! I tell you there be nothing more serieux than the life of hercule poirot . he look down on the terrace below . 152 153 136 ext , the terrace day wr and mrs gardener cross the terrace , as usual in dispute . mrs gardener let I try and explain it to you , odell . Mrs corrigan be kill before the time she husband could possibly have be there . mr gardener no , my dear , I be afraid you have get it wrong . it merely appear that she be kill before the husband could have get there . actually , like Mrs Marshall she be kill after the time when everyone think she be dead . mrs gardener odell , I hope you be not contradict I . she be kill before the time she husband could have be there . mr gardener ( raise he voice ) goddammit woman , yes I be contradict you . to say she be actually kill before the husband could have get there be to say that you do not under - stand anything of this whole darn business , furthermore it be my opinion that it be the view of a stupid.inane . empty head woman without a coherent think in the whole to she toggy brain . in other word , myra , you have a mind of the clarity and consistency of clam chowder ! mrs gardener be completely take aback . never in she life have she spouse talk to she in this manner . then she soften , capitulate and take he arm affectionately . mrs gardener yes dear . I be sorry dear . you be quite right dear . she be kill after the time when everyone think she be dead . mr gardener nod he head in satisfaction . they disappear round rhe corner , arm in arm . ext , the verandah above the SUN terrace evening poirot and race sit together laugh . 137 153 continue poirot thus , mon cher , it be possible to say that there be reconciliation in all thing , - even murder . daphne castle , carry a cover dish emerge from the hotel onto the terrace , accompany by kenneth marshall and linda marshall . daphne castle I will see you both at dinner , my darling . I have just get to make sure that poor monsieur poirot be look after properly . she kiss they both and hurry up to poirot and race , as the marshall wave to they and move off the other way . daphne castle monsieur poirot , I have bring you a dish specially prepare by andrea to tempt a invalid , - Le crapaud en trou ! poirot blanch . poirot the toad in the hole ? ce n'est pas mangeable ! she uncover the dish . daphne castle of course it be . it 's a great English favourite - spicy sausage meat - in a light batter . my God , you do not think we eat amphibian like you people , do you ? poirot indicate he batter throat . poirot helas mon pauvre gorge will not allow I to consume it , Madame . daphne castle nonsense , of course it will . I will cut it up so that even a baby could swallow it . she tuck he napkin into the fold of he scarve , and start to cut up the dish . the boat hoot in the distance . 153 154 138 continue race the boat be wait so , I will leave you to you delicious supper , poirot . but let I just add that it have be a honour and a pleasure to work with you again . poirot and for I too , mon brave Colonel . au revoir . race au revoir . he stoops , hold out he hand . poirot ignore the hand , put instead embrace he on both cheek , with loud smack kiss . race go bright scarlet , choke dramatically , and take he leave . poirot smile broadly . daphne castle I can not really think why you be look so pleased with yourself . I tell you the redfern do it all along . poirot 's smile mouth drop open in astc shment and outrage , give daphne castle the opportunity to ram a spoonful of toad in the hole into it . freeze frame mix through to the last scene . ext . the whole island evening a aerial shot of smuggler 's Island bask peacefully in the last ray of the set sun . fade slowly to blackness