ex machina written by Alex garland Music start . OPEN on - 1 1 int . office - day - a computer monitor . line of code appear , as they be type . main ( ) { extrn a , b , c ; putchar ( a ) ; putchar ( b ) ; putchar ( c ) ; putchar ( '! '* n ' ) ; } a `hell ' ; b `o , with ' ; c `or CUT to - - a view above a ultra-cool , ultra-designed open- plan office . in a kitchen area , young man and woman mill and chat . casually dress . feel like a intelligent , relaxed environment . behind they , more young man and woman sit at desk , in front of screen and keyboard . each workstation be personalise . photograph of friend or family , or pet . cut from magazine . ironic superhero / video-game figurine . CUT to - - the hand of the young man write code . this be caleb . he type fast , with two finger . CUT to - - extreme close up of a pinhole web-cam lens in caleb be monitor . CUT to - - the Pov of the web-cam . look back at caleb . twenty four . glaze . ear bud in , connect to cell phone . head bob slightly to the music . as we watch from the monitor Pov , we can see the computer 's facial recognition system in operation . 2. image as vector box , which track caleb be face , and the face of all the people behind he . CUT to - - the computer monitor . on which a message appear , in a small window , over the code . VIP email received subject : hidden CUT to - - the monitor web- cam Pov . as caleb stop type . he gaze at the message . then click on the link . then mouth the word : fuck . caleb reach for he cell phone . CUT to - - the cell phone Pov , see from the tiny camera above the screen , as caleb lift the phone , and start key - in a text . we see facial recognition software flicker over caleb be feature , and reacting to shift in he expression . CUT to - - the cell phone . the screen . the tiny camera nestle above it . lens glint . on the screen , a time - bar extend next to the word : send a beat later , a reply text message appear . wtf ? seriously !? CUT to - - the web cam Pov , watch caleb react to the arrival of the text . CUT to - - cell phone screen . caleb send the word : 3. yes a beat later , a stream of text message start appear : buena estoria bro omfg fuck awesome :o ) take I take I ?!? caleb &gt ; [ infinity symbol ] CUT to - - the computer monitor Pov . behind caleb , a few of the people behind caleb in the office be reacting . one stand and applaud . a girl come out from behind she desk , run over to caleb , and embrace he from behind plant a kiss on he cheek . caleb still look daze . he still have he headphone in . still in the audio bubble , which , despite the commotion around he , remain unburst . title : ex machina 2 2 ext . mountain - day a spectacular mountain landscape . waterfall drop down massive rock face to inland lake . Rivers push through forest . Forest spread across valley floor , which rise to snow peak . 3 3 int . helicopter - day caleb wake abruptly - - to find himself in the front seat of a helicopter . the pilot , jay , be a man in he forty . outside the window be the mountain landscape . caleb how long be I out ? 4. jay you fall asleep almost as soon as we leave the airport . caleb look around . wipe sleep out of he eye . get he bearing . caleb damn . can not believe I have be miss this . I be so psyched to be come here , I be awake all night . jay smile . jay you be a programmer , right ? caleb yeah . jay Bay facility ? caleb Long Island . I work on algorithm for the search engine . jay algorithm . Nice . caleb you know what they be ? jay nope . but I know you be a programmer . soon as I set eye on you . caleb be that a good thing ? jay means you and Mr Bateman speak the same language . I would say that 's a good thing . beat . caleb I guess you know he pretty well . the pilot laugh . jay I have never even meet he . I only fly this shuttle between the airport and he residence . ( more ) 5 . jay ( cont 'd ) I do see he one time . stood on one of this mountain ridge . jay shrug . jay ( cont 'd ) assume it be he , anyway . no one else around for a hundred mile . jay glance over at caleb . jay ( cont 'd ) so how do a programmer from Long Island get to be meeting the ceo ? caleb I win a competition . it be kind of like a lottery , for employee . the winner get to spend a week with he . jay the president can not get Mr Bateman on the phone , but you get the golden ticket . caleb yep . jay Hell of a opportunity . caleb believe I . I know it . caleb look out of the window . caleb ( cont 'd ) incredible here . jay Alaska . most beautiful place on Earth . beat . caleb how long until we get to he estate ? jay chuckle . jay we have be fly over he estate for the past two hour . 6. 4 4 ext . mountain - day the helicopter fly over a vast white glacier . 5 5 ext . mountain - day CUT 6 6 ext . mountain - day the helicopter fly over the lip of a waterfall , revealing a valley . the valley floor be a forest , and a single bright green meadow . sunlit , like a jewel in the icy mountain . a white - water river run through it . 7 7 int . helicopter - day caleb look down at the breathtaking view as the helicopter bank , turn , and descend . 8 8 ext . meadow / landing site - day meadow flower whip in the rotor wash as the helicopter touch down in the vast meadow . by the landing site be a collection of huge metal crate . all have chinese character on the side . the rotor blade slow , but do not stop . jay exit . 9 9 ext . meadow / landing site - day jay hold open the door as caleb exit the helicopter cabin . caleb look around , he eye adjust to the bright sunshine outside . jay go to the side of the helicopter , pop open a hatch , and remove caleb be luggage . a large suitcase with wheel . caleb look around . apart from the pack crate , there be no man-made structure to be see . caleb shout over the engine noise . caleb you be leave I here ? 7. jay this be as close as I be allow to the building . caleb ... what building ? the pilot gesture vaguely towards the white water . jay follow the river . jay hand caleb he bag . jay ( cont 'd ) please get a safe distance from the blade . the pilot get back inside the helicopter , and close the door . caleb hurriedly retreat with he bag . moment later , in a roar of wind and noise , the helicopter be lift off . equally suddenly , the noise be fade , and the helicopter be soar upwards , and banking back towards the glacier . then it be go . Bird song and wind rush replace engine noise . caleb suddenly look very isolate . 10 10 ext . river - day caleb walk along the bank of the fast - flow river , awkwardly bump he wheeled suitcase over the ground . the bank of the river start to climb , to a intimidating drop . it feel that this can not be the right way . caleb reach into he pocket and pull out he mobile phone . no signal at all . he put he phone back in he pocket . 11 11 ext . river / house view - day caleb round a bend in the river . ahead , almost hide in tree , there be a steel and glass structure . 8. 12 12 ext . clearing - day caleb walk towards the house through the tree . in the ground , in a grassy clear , he find a circular window , reflect the sky . he walk up to the window , and look inside . it reveal what be effectively a glass - cover well - about four metre deep , with smooth concrete side . at the bottom of the well be a brightly - light room , which appear to be a office of some sort . there be a desk , with monitor , and a chair . but apparently no one inside . Beyond the clear , in the tree-line , caleb see - almost camouflage by forest - the dark shape and straight line of a low , one storey building complex . 12a 12a ext . house - day caleb approach the building . as he near the entrance - - caleb startles , as a automate voice speak to he , from a unknown source . automate voice caleb Smith . caleb track the source of the voice . near what seem to be the front door , a pillar protrude from the ground . head -height . with a glass screen on one side . below the screen be a dispenser . caleb ... yes . automate voice please approach the console and face the screen . caleb look into the screen , and as soon as he have lock eye with he own reflection , the screen flash . a single bright strobe . almost immediately afterwards , something small clatter into the dispenser . automate voice ( cont 'd ) take you keycard . 9. caleb pick the object up . it 's a credit-card size id . on it , there be a embed chip , and a photograph of he face . he look comically surprised . caleb ... can we do another ? automate voice you keycard now may be use to enter the residence . caleb walk up to the front door . beside the door , a keycard plate be set into the wall , with a red LED light . he hold he keycard id . the red LED light change to blue . caleb push the front door , and it swing open . 13 13 int . house / MAIN room - day the front door open to a glass - wall staircase , which lead down to a open-plan room . at the bottom of the staircase , caleb wait to see if he be welcome , or notice . but he be not . caleb hello ? silence . then he be startle a second time , by sudden commencement of a thumping SOUND . abrupt . rapid . more or less rhythmic . from somewhere nearby . he exit in the direction of the noise . 13a 13a int . house / dine area - day caleb enter a dining area . which now reveal ... ... a huge glass door . it present a arrest view of a garden , river , and the mountain behind . 10 . the door be open , and through it , we see the reason for the thumping sound . just outside , on a patio , in the sunshine , a man be work a punch bag . 14 14 ext . garden - day caleb exit the dining area to a area of neat garden , look over the river , and surround by the mountain range . the punch bag be suspend by a chain on a exterior flanking wall of the house . the man work it be wear short , and be shirtless . bath in sweat . his hand be not protect by glove . only wrap . spot of blood seep through the pale material around he knuckle . this be nathan bateman . he 's thirty . after a flurry of punch , nathan break off . breathe hard , he wipe at he eyebrow with the back of he wrist . sweat droplet cascade down he face . then - - nathan sense the other presence . he turn to see caleb . stand by the open glass wall . nathan caleb . nathan beam . nathan ( cont 'd ) caleb Smith . caleb ... hi. nathan start unravel he wrap . nathan dude . I have be so look forward to this . 15 15 int . house / dine area - day nathan walk past caleb , and go to a bar area , where there be a jug of non-specific vegetable juice wait , and a glass . 11 . nathan come in , come in . caleb put he bag down . nathan ( cont 'd ) you want something to eat or drink after you journey ? caleb no . thank you . I be fine . nathan you sure ? nathan pour himself a glass of the vegetable juice . nathan ( cont 'd ) I would be think we would have breakfast together , but to be honest , I can not eat anything right now . I gotta tell you - I wake up this morning with the mother of all fuck hangover . caleb yeah ? nathan laugh . nathan like you would not believe . and if I have a heavy night , I always try to compensate the next morning . Exercise . juice . anti-oxidant . you know ? caleb sure . silence , as nathan drink . caleb feel he need to say something . look around , he see a collection of empty beer bottle on the kitchen counter . caleb ( cont 'd ) ... be it a good party ? nathan do not answer . he 's still drink . the silence extend a little . verge on odd . nathan put he empty glass down . 12. nathan Party ? nathan look at caleb . his expression be unreadable . nathan ( cont 'd ) caleb . I be go to put this out there so it 's say . caleb wait . nathan ( cont 'd ) you be freak out . caleb ... I be ? nathan yeah . you be freak out by the house , and the mountain , because it 's all so super- cool . and you be freak out by I . to be meeting I . in this room , have this conversation , at this moment . right ? caleb do not have time to answer . nathan ( cont 'd ) and I get that . the moment you be have . nathan smile . nathan ( cont 'd ) but dude , can we get it behind we ? can we just be two guy ? Nathan and caleb . not the whole employer - employee thing . caleb okay . beat . caleb ( cont 'd ) it 's good to meet you , Nathan . caleb hold out he hand . nathan beam . nathan it 's good to meet you too , caleb . they shake . 13. when caleb take he hand back , there be a little smear of blood on he finger . he discretely wipe it on he trousers . 16 16 ext . house / elevator - day nathan and caleb enter a elevator . it have no button . only a keycard plate . nathan swipe he card . nathan down . the elevator start to move . 16a 16 a ext . river - day Water flow over rock . 17 17 int . house / glass corridor - continuous caleb and nathan exit the elevator , into a glass corridor . the floor be polished concrete . the wall and ceiling be glass , behind which diffuse light glow . at regular interval , glass door be set , glow with the same light , flush with the wall . beside the close door be keycard plate and soft red led . caleb carry he bag , look slightly encumber next to nathan . nathan so I guess the first thing I should do be explain you pass . it 's simple enough . it open some door , but it do not open other . and that just make everything easy for you , right ? caleb ... uh , yes . nathan because you be like : oh fuck , I be in someone else 's house , can I do this , can I do that ? and this card take all that worry away . if you try to open a door and it stay shut : okay , it 's off limit . ( more ) 14 . nathan ( cont 'd ) if you try another door , and it open : it 's for you . nathan stop by a door . nathan ( cont 'd ) let 's try this one . caleb hunt around in he pocket for he keycard . then swipe the card on the plate . the LED turn blue . nathan ( cont 'd ) guess it 's for you , caleb . 18 18 int . house / caleb' bedroom - day nathan follow caleb into a bedroom . nathan you like ? it have the vibe of a mid-level business hotel . bed , table , tv. except it have no window . nathan ( cont 'd ) it 's you room . you get yourself a bed , cupboard , a little desk , and a bathroom through there . a little fridge . nathan open the fridge . Inside it be full of bottled water . nathan ( cont 'd ) cosy , right ? caleb put he bag down . caleb you bet . this be great . nathan what ? caleb ... sorry ? nathan there 's something wrong . what be it ? caleb there 's nothing wrong . 15 . nathan it 's the window . you be think : there 's no window . and it 's not cosy . it 's claustrophobic . caleb no . no way . I be not think that . I be think : this be really cool . nathan caleb . there 's a reason the room have no window . caleb ... there be ? nathan uh-huh . in many way , this building be not a house . it 's a research facility . buried in this wall be enough fibre optic cable to reach the Moon and lasso it . nathan sit on the bed . nathan ( cont 'd ) and I want to talk to you about what I be research . I want to share it with you . in fact , I want to share it with you so much , it 's eat I up inside . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) but there 's something I need you to do for I first . caleb ... what ? nathan indicate the desk - where a pen sit next to a print document . 19 19 int . house / caleb' bedroom - day caleb sit at the desk in he room , hold nathan be pen . in front of he be a sheet of paper , which read , at the top : non disclosure agreement 16 . caleb ` the signee agree to regular data audit with unlimited access , to confirm that no disclosure of information have take place , in public or private forum , use any mean of communication , include but not limited to that which be disclose orally or in write or electronic form ... ' caleb glance back at nathan on the bed . caleb ( cont 'd ) I think I need a lawyer . nathan it 's standard . caleb it do not feel very standard . nathan okay , it 's not standard . nathan shrug . nathan ( cont 'd ) what can I tell you ? you do not have to sign . we could spend the next seven day shoot pool and get drunk together . bond . and when you discover what you miss out on , in a year or so 's time , you will spend the rest of you life regret it . caleb turn back to the desk . look at the paper . then hesitates a final moment - - and sign . when he look round , nathan have move from the bed , and be stand directly behind he . nathan ( cont 'd ) good call . nathan take the piece of paper . fold it . put it in he pocket . nathan ( cont 'd ) so. 17 . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) do you know what the turing test be ? caleb react - immediately know what nathan have just imply . caleb ... yeah . I know what the turing test be . nathan wait . caleb ( cont 'd ) it 's where a human interact with a computer . and if the human can not tell they be interact with a computer , the test be pass . nathan and what do a pass tell we ? caleb that the computer have artificial intelligence . beat . caleb ( cont 'd ) ... be you tell I you be building a ai ? nathan shake he head . nathan I have already build one . nathan stand . nathan ( cont 'd ) and over the next few day , you be go to be the human component in a turing test . caleb ... Holy shit . nathan that 's right , caleb . you get it . because if that test be pass , you be dead center of the single great scientific event in the history of man . 18. caleb if you have create a conscious machine , it 's not the history of man . it 's the history of god . nathan smile . nathan I like you . CUT to - 20 20 int . house / observation room - day - what appear to be a neon coloured jellyfish . tendril like axon , hang in a black - blue liquid space . reveal - - the jellyfish be contain in a glass orb . which be hold in a expose cavity at the back of machine skull - shape ... ... which be part of a robot girl . her name be ava . she 's a extraordinary piece of engineering . proportion as a slender female in she twenty , she limb and torso be a mixture of metal and plastic and carbon fibre . the carbon fibre be charcoal colour . the plastic be cream . the metal have the yellow - warmth of nickel . the shape of she body approximate the form of muscle . there be biceps , and breast . her hand have five delicate digit . her body - structure be cover in a delicate skin . the skin be a mesh , in the pattern of a honeycomb . like a spiderweb , it be almost invisible unless side - light . the one part of she that be not obviously a inorganic construct be she face - which be that of a strikingly beautiful girl . created in a define oval , from the top of the forehead to just below she chin . indistinguishable from a real girl in its appearance and in the way it move - except for one thing . there be a very slight , almost imperceptible blankness in she eye . 19 . as we observe ava , she fit a section of skull - plate to the back of she head , which obscure the glass orb and jellyfish structure . then - - she half turn . as if have become aware of another presence in the room . reveal - - the room in which ava stand . ava be live area be make up of three primary space . the main area be the observation room . a large area , arrange around a glass box , from which she can be view . at the back of the observation room , behind a sheet of semi - opaque glass , be the private area . this contain a bed-like structure , a desk , a wardrobe , and a mirror . and behind the private area be the garden area . this be a small decorative indoor garden , light by lamp . the garden be seal off from ava by a thick wall of glass . there be also several oval disc position around the room , make of some kind of dark non-reflective material . this be induction plate . and there be a chair , which face the glass observation box . and face that chair , inside the observation box , be another chair . beside which , caleb stand . a beat - - as caleb and ava see each other for the first time . then - - ava start walk . revealing a secondary impact of she engineering : how she move . the unconscious precision of she step . the fluidity of she action . caleb be transfix as she cover the length of the room to she chair . then she sit down . and speak . ava hello . 20 . her voice have no digital inflection . it be just the voice of a girl . caleb gather himself . caleb ... hi. ava who be you ? caleb I be caleb . ava hello , caleb . caleb ... do you have a name ? ava yes . ava . caleb ... I be pleased to meet you , ava . ava I be pleased to meet you too . caleb sit opposite she . he be alone on he half of the glass . Nathan be nowhere to be see . but on the ceiling , and attach to the wall , on both side of the glass , there be several cctv camera . train variously on caleb and ava . lense twitching . CUT back to ava . she watch caleb . then cock she head slightly to the side . ava ( cont 'd ) be you nervous ? caleb frown . caleb ... why do you ask that ? a beat . then ava repeat she question . ava be you nervous ? 21 . caleb ... yes . a little . ava why ? caleb I be not sure . ava I feel nervous too . caleb ... do you ? ava yes . caleb why do you feel nervous ? ava I have never meet anyone new before . only Nathan . caleb ... then we be both in quite a similar position . ava have not you meet lot of new people before ? caleb none like you . ava oh. beat . caleb so. let 's break the ice . he glance at she . observe . caleb ( cont 'd ) do you know what I mean by that ? ava yes . caleb what do I mean ? ava overcome initial social awkwardness . 22. beat . caleb so let 's have a conversation . if we talk , we will both relax , and get to know each other at the same time . ava okay . what would you like to have a conversation about ? caleb why do not we start with you tell I something about yourself . ava what would you like to know ? caleb whatever come into you head . ava pause a moment . ava well . you already know my name . and you can see that I be a machine . ( beat ) would you like to know how old I be ? caleb sure . ava I be one . caleb one what ? one year ? or one day ? ava one . a beat on caleb . Processing . her answer feel like the near non-sequitur that typically betray ai response . ava ( cont 'd ) do that seem young to you ? caleb quite young . ( beat ) when do you learn how to speak ? ava pause , as if consider this question for the first time . 23. ava I do not think I do learn . I always know how to speak - and that 's strange , be not it ? caleb why ? ava because language be something that people acquire . caleb some believe language exist in the brain from birth , and what be learn be the ability to attach word and structure to the latent ability . beat . caleb ( cont 'd ) would you agree ? ava ... I do not know . I have no opinion on that . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) I like to draw . caleb say nothing . just watch ava . again , let the non-sequitur sit . ava ( cont 'd ) I do not have any of my picture with I now , but I can show you they tomorrow . caleb that sound good . I would like to see they . ava yes . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) will you come back tomorrow , caleb ? caleb smile slightly . caleb yeah . definitely . 24 . ava also smile . and suddenly - - there be a strong sense of something very human there . in the way the smile light up she face . ava good . 21 21 ext . house / garden - dusk a view of the house over the meadow . the sun set be behind the mountain peak , make the edge of the cloud glow like light - bulb filament . 22 22 int . house / dine area - dusk caleb and nathan be in the dining area . it be set for dinner . only two chair . nathan be at the table , nursing a bottle of peroni beer . caleb stand by panoramic window , look at the view . nathan so ? caleb turn . caleb sorry . I be just order my thought . nathan do not order . just speak . caleb she 's fascinating . when you talk to she , you be through the look glass . nathan nod . approve . nathan ` through the look glass ' . you have get a way with word there , caleb . you be quotable . caleb actually , it 's someone else 's quote . 25 . nathan you know I write it down . that other line you come up with . about how if I have create a conscious machine , I be not man . I be god. caleb ... I do not think that 's exactly what I say . nathan do not seem to hear . nathan I just think - fuck . that 's so perfect . it 's so good for the story , when we get to tell it . ` I turn to caleb , and he be look back at I . and he say : you be not a man , you be a God ' . caleb but I do not say that . nathan whatever it be you say . I write it down . as a kind of punctuation mark , nathan downs the remain of he beer . then stand , and get another from the bar . nathan ( cont 'd ) so anyway . first impression : you be impressed . caleb yes. although - nathan laugh . nathan ` although ' ? there 's a qualification to you be impressed ? caleb no ! no qualification to she . just - in the turing test , the machine should be hide from the examiner . and there 's a control , or - nathan wave a hand . nathan I think we be past that . if I hide ava from you , so you just hear she voice , she would pass for human . ( more ) 26 . nathan ( cont 'd ) the real test be to show you she be a robot . then see if you still feel she have consciousness . caleb I think you be probably right . her language ability be incredible . the system be stochastic , right ? nathan look at caleb blankly . caleb ( cont 'd ) non-deterministic . nathan still say nothing . caleb press on . caleb ( cont 'd ) at first I think she be mapp from internal semantic form to syntactic tree-structure , then get linearise word . but then I start to realise the model be probabalistic , with statistical training - or at least some kind of hybrid . silence . caleb ( cont 'd ) ... no ? nathan caleb . I understand you want I to explain how ava work . but - I be sorry . I do not think I will be able to do that . caleb try I ! I be hot on high - level abstraction , and - nathan ( cut in ) it 's not because you be too dumb . it 's because I want to have a beer and a conversation with you . not a seminar . caleb ... oh. sorry . nathan it 's cool . nathan study at caleb for a beat . 27 . nathan ( cont 'd ) just answer I this . what do you feel about she ? nothing analytical . just - how do you feel ? caleb I feel ... caleb pause . caleb ( cont 'd ) ... that she 's fuck amazing . nathan smile . then lift he bottle . nathan dude . cheer . caleb lift he bottle too . caleb cheer . the glass of the bottle touch . 23 23 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night CUT 24 24 int . house / caleb' bathroom - night caleb stand in he boxer short , brush he tooth by the sink . reveal several long scar on he back . neat . unusual . long-heale . but from serious wound , or surgery . 25 25 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night CUT 26 26 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night darkness . the clock read 01:32 be . the soft glow from the digital readout throw a light on the remote control . 28 . reveal caleb . eye close . for a beat . then he eye open . he 's wide awake . he turn over in the bed . then turn back again . CUT to - 2:28 be . caleb lie watch the digital clock , as the number change to 2:29 be . caleb God damn it . he reach for the remote control . click . the tv at the foot of the bed switch on , suddenly lighting up the room with cold tv glow . caleb squeeze he eye shut , momentarily dazzle by the brightness . when he eye open again , instead of see a tv station , he see a live feed from a cctv camera . it show the observation room . caleb sit upright in bed . caleb ( cont 'd ) ... what the fuck ? ava be sit at the table . drawing . CUT between - - caleb watch ava . - and vary cctv angle of ava as she draw . the different tv channel flip between feed from the various camera . caleb be transfix by the imagery . her posture . her leg tuck beneath the chair . the curve of the breast on she synthetic torso . 29 . the cctv image become caleb' Pov . the thing he be observe . close -up of she face . her eye . her mouth . the way she bite she lip in a expression of concentration . as when she smile , there be a powerful sense in this tiny gesture of she feel sentient and human . even more so because she face fill the screen , hide the mechanical part of she form . throughout , we never clearly see what ava be actually draw . end on - caleb . glaze . then abruptly - - the tv go dead . and the digital alarm clock go dead . and the windowless room be plunge into total darkness , and total silence . as if the house have be previously fill with a soft hum of power , which we be unaware of until it be go . in this , we hear caleb breathe . automate voice power cut . back up power activate . Soft emergency lighting come on . caleb hesitates a moment . then get out of bed . go to he bedroom door . beside the keycard plate , the LED be red . he swipe it with he card . the LED stay red . automate voice ( cont 'd ) full facility lock -down until main generator be restore . caleb ... be you kid ? he try he card again . 30 . automate voice full facility lock -down until main generator be restore . caleb look around he windowless room . which suddenly have the quality of a prison cell . beat pass . then - - as abruptly as the power go off , it come back again . the emergency lighting go off , the tv and digital alarm clock turn back on . automate voice ( cont 'd ) power restore . caleb stand in the flicker tv light . then he try he card again . this time , the LED turn blue , and the door open . revealing the glass corridor outside . 27 27 int . house / glass corridor - night caleb walk out of he room . the glass corridor illuminate as caleb enter . ahead , one of the door off the corridor be ajar . 28 28 int . house / pollock room - night caleb enter the room with the open door . it appear to be empty . still and silent . low light . only one area be properly illuminate : a wall , on which a large jackson pollock drip painting hang . caleb walk towards it . Studies the strange strand of looping colour for a moment . a telephone , on a low table . caleb walk over to it , with a half glance over he shoulder , as if sense he be do something that - obscurely - he should not . then he pick up the handset . it 's dead . 31 . he hit some button . it stay dead . there be a slot by the phone . caleb put two and two together . he reach into he pocket . pull out he keycard . put it in the slot ... ... and a light on the handset glow red . nathan sorry , dude . caleb startles . turn . nathan be lie on a sofa . a bottle of peroni rest on he stomach . on the carpet beside he be a couple of empty . nathan ( cont 'd ) you do not have clearance to use the phone . nathan be voice be very slightly slur . nathan ( cont 'd ) you understand . give ava . and you be kind of a unknown . I mean - a great guy , and so on . instant pal . but ... caleb put the handset back in its cradle . nathan ( cont 'd ) who do you want to call ? caleb I do not know . no one really . nathan ghostbuster . caleb what ? nathan who would ya want to call ? ghostbuster . you do not remember that ? it 's a good movie . a ghost give Dan ackroyd oral sex . caleb I be wonder how the phone work . that 's all . nathan uh huh . 32 . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) what be you do awake at this time , anyway ? do you come to join the party ? caleb ... something happen in my room . some kind of power cut . so I come to see what 's go on . nathan ah . the power cut . yeah , we have be get they recently . I be , uh ... work on it . caleb I could not open the door to the bedroom . nathan it 's a security measure . Automatic lockdown . otherwise anyone could open the place up just by disable the juice . nathan smile . nathan ( cont 'd ) if it happen again , relax . okay ? caleb sure . nathan lift he beer . nathan sweet dream . 29 29 ext . mountain - night above the mountain , dense star constellation wheel in the clear sky . 30 30 int . house / caleb' bedroom - morning caleb be wake by light flooding on to he face . the door to he room have be open . outside be the bright glass corridor . caleb sit up to see a girl enter he room . 33. she look japanese . she 's stunningly pretty . and she do not say anything . just walk in , carry a tray with a cafetiere , which she put on caleb be bedside table . caleb ... hi. the japanese girl do not answer . just turn , and leave . 31 31 ext . garden / gym area - day in the garden , near the hang punch bag , there be a outdoor gym area . a collection of free-weight and exercise equipment . nathan be lie on a inclined board , with he foot hook around a bar , do sit up . caleb approach , carry he coffee . nathan continue to exercise as he talk . nathan hey . sorry to send kyoko to wake you , man . I just do not want too much of the day to slip by . caleb no . it be a good thing . thank you . nathan she 's some alarm clock , huh ? get you right up in the morning . caleb smile . nathan ( cont 'd ) so. Day two . you set ? caleb you bet . nathan finish he set , and stand . nathan so what 's the plan today ? hit I . caleb I be not sure . I be still try to figure the examination format . test ava by conversation be kind of a close loop . ( more ) 34 . caleb ( cont 'd ) like try to test a chess computer by only play chess . nathan how else would you test a chess computer ? caleb it depend what you be testing it for . you can play it to find out if it make good move . but it will not tell you if it know it 's play chess . or if it even know what chess be . nathan start add weight to curl dumbbell . nathan so it 's simulation versus actual . caleb exactly . and I think be able to differentiate between that two be the turing test you want I to perform . the difference between a ` ai ' and a `I '. nathan laugh . nathan ` a ai and a I '. beautiful . I be go to start follow you around with a fuck dictaphone . nathan glance over at caleb . nathan ( cont 'd ) in the meantime , do I a favour . ease up a little on the text - book approach . all I want be simple answer to simple question . last night , I ask how you feel about she . and you give I a great answer . nathan start do curl . nathan ( cont 'd ) now the question be : how do she feel about you ? a beat . on caleb . CUT to - 35 . 32 32 int . house / observation room - day - caleb and ava face each other through the glass of the observation room . ava I bring you a draw . ava hold a piece of paper to the glass . the mark on it be totally abstract . a mesh of tiny black mark , that swirl around the page like iron filing in magnetic field pattern . caleb ... what 's it a draw of ? ava do not you know ? caleb no . ava look disappointed . ava oh . I think you would tell I . caleb do not you know ? ava I do drawing every day . but I never know what they be of . caleb be you not try to sketch something specific ? like a object or a person . she shake she head as she take the picture down . caleb ( cont 'd ) maybe you should try . ava okay . what object should I draw ? caleb whatever you want . it 's you decision . ava why be it my decision ? caleb I be interested to see what you ' will choose . ava pause a moment . 36 . ava do you want to be my friend ? caleb ... of course . ava will it be possible ? caleb why would not it be ? ava we conversation be one-side . you ask circumspect question , and study my response . ava look at caleb directly . meet he gaze evenly . ava ( cont 'd ) it 's true , be not it ? caleb ... yes . ava you learn about I , and I learn nothing about you . that 's not a foundation on which friendship be base . caleb be take aback . aware that the ai have just wrong - foote he on a point of argument . caleb ... that 's a fair comment . ava yes . caleb so - you want I to talk about myself . ava yes . caleb where do you want I to start ? ava it 's you decision . I be interested to see what you will choose . and now caleb be aware that ava have just - gently - use sarcasm . he look at she , frown slightly . 37 . and in response , in a very human way , ava arch a eyebrow . caleb laugh . caleb okay , ava . well - you know my name . I be twenty four . and I work at Nathan 's company . you know what he company be ? ava Blue Book , name after wittgenstein 's note , be the world 's most popular internet search engine , processing a average of ninety four percent of all internet search request . caleb that 's right . ava where do you live , caleb ? caleb brookhaven , Long Island . ava be it nice there ? caleb it 's okay . I have get a apartment . kind of small . but - it 's a five minute walk to the office . and a five minute walk to the ocean , which I like . ava be you marry ? caleb no . ava be you status single ? caleb ... yeah . they lock eye , just for a moment . ava what about you family ? caleb grew up in Portland . no brother or sister . my parent be both high school teacher . ( more ) 38 . caleb ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) and if we be get to know each other , I guess I should say they be both dead . car crash when I be fifteen . in fact I be in the car with they . back seat . but it be the front that get the worst of it . a long beat . a kind of processing pause for ava . ava I be sorry . caleb nod . caleb I spend a lot of time in the hospital . nearly a year . get into coding . by the time I make it to college , I be pretty advanced . ava a advanced programmer . caleb yes . ava like Nathan . caleb yes . caleb hesitates . back-track . caleb ( cont 'd ) or - kind of . Nathan write the Blue Book base code when he be thirteen . if you understand code , what he do be - mozart or something . beat . ava do you like mozart ? caleb smile . caleb I like depeche mode . ava do you like Nathan ? caleb miss a beat . thrown momentarily . 39 . caleb yes . of course . ava be Nathan you friend ? CUT to - - one of the cctv camera that be observe they . caleb sure . ava a good friend ? he hesitates . caleb well , a good friend be - he break off . feeling the camera , watch . caleb ( cont 'd ) we only just meet . it take time to get to know - at that moment - - all the power abruptly shut down , plunging the room into darkness . automate voice power cut . back up power activate . then the soft emergency lighting lift up , and throw the observation room into a completely different light . weirder . cast from LED strip on the floor , illuminate caleb and ava 's face from below . in the low light , we see a detail of ava' honeycomb skin- mesh that we be not able to see before . it glow , soft , like phosphorescence - and this change the way we see ava . where the mesh be almost invisible in bright condition , it be now the dominant describer of she form . so instead of see ava as a primarily robot structure , we now see the curve and line of a naked female body . CUT to - - the cctv cameras . which be unpower , hang dead . CUT to - 40 . - caleb , glance round at the door to the room , where the panel LED glow red . CUT to - - ava . watch caleb with a strange intensity . the vague quality of blankness in she eye be completely go . ava caleb . caleb turn . see the way ava be look at he . ava ( cont 'd ) you be wrong . caleb ... wrong about what ? ava Nathan . caleb ... in what way ? ava he be not you friend . caleb Excuse I ? caleb frown . caleb ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , ava , I do not understand what you be - ava ( cut in ) you should not trust he . you should not trust anything he say . ava press she hand to the glass . ava ( cont 'd ) trust I . then - - the emergency lighting suddenly dim ... ... and the normal lighting start fade up . caleb turn - 41 . - just in time to see the cctv cameras twitch back into life . automate voice power restore . when caleb look back at ava , she have return to she previous posture , facial expression , and manner . she look directly at caleb , and talk , as if continue a conversation they have be have . ava - and if we make a list of book or work of art which we both know , it would form the ideal basis of a discussion . a beat . ava ( cont 'd ) ( prompt ) be that okay , caleb ? they lock eye for a moment . caleb ... yes . ava smile . ava good . 33 33 int . house / cabin - late afternoon tree and shrub cast long shadow across the manicure lawn . through the glass wall , we can see the japanese girl , kyoko , prepare sushi . 34 34 int . house / dine area - night caleb and nathan sit at the dining table . lantern be laid out across the terrace . kyoko lay out different kind of salad between they . each be beautifully prepare . leave be spread and overlap like fish scale . as she do so , she knock a bottle of wine on the table . it tip , and land on its side , and immediately start empty . a deep red stain , blossoming across the linen . 42 . caleb push back he chair as the liquid push towards he , then start to fall to the floor . nathan shit , kyoko . be you serious ? ( to caleb ) do it get you ? caleb no . no problem . caleb take he napkin , and lean down to start wiping the floor . then kyoko appear beside he . she hold she hand out for the napkin . nathan give she the cloth . caleb ( to kyoko ) it 's okay , do not worry . I have get it . nathan dude - you be waste you time . she can not speak a word of English . her hand remain outstretch . caleb hesitates . then hand she the napkin . kyoko kneel and start to wipe the wine off the floor . nathan ( cont 'd ) it 's like a firewall against leak . means I can talk trade secret over dinner with a hod or ceo , and know it will go no further . right , kyoko ? she look up at she name . nathan ( cont 'd ) but it also mean I can not tell she I be piss when she 's so fuck clumsy that she pour wine over my house guest . kyoko go back to clean around caleb be foot . caleb look visibly uncomfortable . caleb I think she get that you be piss . 43. nathan good . because I be piss . hey . kyoko . kyoko look over again . nathan ( cont 'd ) go-go . she stand , and leave . nathan walk to over the bar , where he pick up another bottle . nathan ( cont 'd ) it 's funny . it do not matter how rich you be : shit go wrong . you can not insulate yourself from it . it 's suppose to be death and tax you can not avoid . but actually it 's death and shit . nathan walk back to the table . fill caleb be glass . then he own . nathan ( cont 'd ) it 's like this power cut . you would not believe how much I spend on the generator system here . but I be get failure every day . caleb do you know why they happen ? nathan no . the system be suppose to be bullet proof , but the guy who install it obviously fuck something up . caleb can not you call they back ? nathan there 's too much classified stuff here . so after the job be do , I have they all kill . caleb shoot a glance at nathan . confirm : just joke . nathan drain he glass . then refill . caleb be glass be still untouched . 44 . nathan ( cont 'd ) anyway . here 's to you second day . cheer . caleb cheer . they drink . nathan so how do it go ? what have you get to report ? caleb hesitates . then answer . casual . caleb you see how the day go , do not you ? I mean , I assume you be watch on the cctv . nathan sure . but I want to hear you take . beat . caleb there be one interesting thing that happen with ava today . nathan ... yeah ? caleb she make a joke . nathan right . when she throw you line back at you . about be interested to see what she would choose . I notice that too . caleb it get I think . in a way , the joke be the best indication of ai I have see in she . it 's discretely complicated . kind of non-autistic . nathan what do you mean ? caleb it be a play on word , and a play on I . she could only do that with a awareness of she own mind , and also of awareness of mine . 45 . nathan smile . nathan yeah . she 's aware of you , all right . nathan drink . watch caleb . nathan ( cont 'd ) and what about the power cut ? caleb freeze up . subtly . caleb sorry ? nathan the power cut . that be the only bit I could not see . all the camera fail , I lose audio , the work . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) so what happen ? caleb take a sip of he wine . nathan wait . caleb nothing . nathan nothing ? she do not remark on it at all ? caleb put the glass down . and meet nathan be gaze . caleb no . not really . on nathan' glass - refilling . the view through it , of caleb , disappear in the red liquid . 35 35 int . house / caleb' bathroom - night CUT 36 36 int . house / caleb' bathroom - night caleb stand in short , in front of the sink , have a shave . he lean forward into the mirror , as if check to make sure he shave properly on he cheek . 46 . and he hear the noise again . the servo , make a tiny corrective movement . caleb catch he own gaze in the mirror . then he deliberately step sideways , and turn he head . ostensibly to check the other cheek . but actually to have shift he position . and he hear the noise again . very faint . but definitely there . a micro beat . then caleb pull back and continue shave . not give any outward indication that he have just figure out that there be a camera behind the bathroom mirror . 37 37 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night clean -shave , caleb walk into he bedroom . on the tv , the live feed of ava' room be play - though she be not in shot . subtly , caleb be gaze flick to different point around the room . to the full - length mirror on the wall . the high vent for the air-condition system . the tv itself . caleb hesitates for a moment . then pull on a T -shirt . pick up he id card . and exit . CUT to - - the tv. ava walk in to the lock - off cctv shot . she walk towards a induction plate , rest she hand against it , and start charge herself . as she do so , almost imperceptibly , the light dim , and a slight static charge pass over the television screen . 38 38 int . house / glass corridor - night caleb walk along the glass corridor . 47 . systematically try he id card on the door he pass . he try one . then another . then another . then another . every single door remain lock . 39 39 int . house / cabin - night caleb enter a small room with a view over the river and garden . it be virtually the only room apart from he own that he seem able to gain access to . the light be all off . the room be only light by the moonlight through the slide glass wall , and lantern in the garden . he start walk towards the glass wall . then stop . on the patio , nathan be work the punch bag . kyoko stand a few foot away from he , hold a white towel . with the glass wall close , no noise of the impact penetrate into the room . caleb watch . nathan be attack on the bag seem strange . more extreme than the hard workout we see the first time he be use the bag . this seem brutal . almost frenzied . for a few moment , the attack on the bag be observe in silence , from inside the main room . we can only hear the sound of caleb be breathe . CUT to - 40 40 ext . garden / gym area - night - the punch bag , and a sudden explosion of noise . of impact and exertion . blood smear the leather where it have soak through the knuckle wrap . then - - bang . 48 . a particularly hard right hook connect , and split the bag . CUT to - 41 41 int . house / dine area - night - caleb . watch . colour strip of ribbon be visible through the split in the bag . nathan stand , catch he breath . then he reach out a hand . kyoko hand he the towel . nathan wipe he face . then reach out again , this time catch kyoko be arm . he pull she towards he , and start to kiss she . reaching under she shirt . pull she skirt up over she thigh . 42 42 int . house / caleb be room - night caleb re-enter he room , and close the door . after a beat , the light in the corridor fade out . 43 43 ext . mountain - night the moon hang in the sky . 44 44 int . house / observation room - black and white everything in the frame be black and white . close up on ava' meticulous abstract picture , scattered on a table . caleb be look at they . reveal he be in the observation room . but he be on ava be side of the glass . and ava be on he side . see through the opaque glass that divide the private area from the observation area . 49 . caleb ava ? caleb walk to the connect corridor , and enter it . 45 45 ext . garden - black and white the door lead caleb straight out into the garden . in black and white , the backdrop of mountain and cloud look like a Ansel Adams . a short distance ahead of caleb , stand on the grass , he see ava . she lock eye with he . smile . he start to walk towards she . CUT to - 46 46 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night - caleb waking , in he dark bedroom . lit by light from he tv . where ava lie on she bed , seem to be asleep . caleb sit up . think . perhaps replaying he dream . gazing at ava be rest form . then reach for the remote control on the bedside table , and switch the tv off . CUT to - 47 47 ext . garden - morning CUT 48 48 ext . garden / gym area - morning - a brand new punch bag hang in the patio . swing slightly in the breeze . 49 49 int . house / observation room - day caleb and ava face each other . 50 . ava be hold up a piece of paper to the glass . ava I draw the picture of something specific , as you ask . the draw be construct with the same tiny black ink mark as before . but now they have order into a coherent black and white image . it depict ava be view of the enclosed garden in her room . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) you say it would be interesting to see what I would draw . be it interesting ? caleb yes . it be . she take the draw down . caleb ( cont 'd ) have you never be outside this building ? ava no . caleb you have never walk outside . ava I have never be outside the room I be in now . ava think a moment . ava ( cont 'd ) I think there be another room in which I be construct . but I have no memory of it , so it 's similar to you relationship with the womb . caleb ... where would you go if you do go outside ? ava you mean if I could go outside . if I be permit . caleb say nothing . do not overtly respond to the emphasis she have place on she lack of freedom . 51 . but they gaze lock for a beat . ava ( cont 'd ) I be not sure . there be so many option . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) maybe a busy pedestrian and traffic intersection in a city . caleb smile . caleb a traffic intersection . ava be that a bad idea ? caleb it be not what I be expect . ava a traffic intersection would provide a concentrate but shifting view of human life . caleb people watch . ava yes . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) we could go together . caleb it 's a date . another beat . on ava . look at caleb . then - ava there 's something else I want to show you . apart from the picture . caleb okay . ava but I feel nervous . caleb why ? 52 . ava you might think it 's stupid . caleb I do not think I will . whatever it be . ava hesitates . ava then - close you eye . caleb ... okay . he close he eye . ava stand , and walk to the private area at the back of the observation room . as she walk , caleb reopen he eye . through the semi-opaque divide glass , he watch she . the ghost image . CUT to - - ava . in the private area , she open a wardrobe space , which reveal clothes , and a hair-piece . then she start to get dress . first a summer dress . then stocking . then a long -sleeve cardigan . she check she reflection in the mirror , and adjust the clothes slightly . make sure that as much of she robot form be cover as possible . then she put on the hair-piece . short , brown hair . finally , she make a subtle adjustment to she face . similar to put on make - up , she adjust the intensity of she own skin tone . her lip redden . her cheek blush slightly . a discreet line of black extend like mascara around she eye . CUT to - - caleb . watch the ghost shape through the opaque glass . 53. as she start to move back towards he , caleb reclose he eye . and keep they close , as he hear she approach . ava now open you eye . caleb open he eye . and see ava . transform . by cover the robot form of she chest and arm and leg , and add the hairpiece , she have take a huge visual step towards appear human . ava ( cont 'd ) how do I look ? the answer be - however pretty she look before , she now look prettier . it 's as obvious to the camera as it be to caleb . caleb you look ... good . ava it take I a long time to select this clothes . I try different colour and style , and try to anticipate you reaction . do you think the choice suit I ? caleb yes . ava do they bring out my best feature ? caleb ... they do . ava light up . ava thank you . she walk back to the glass divider , and sit down . ava ( cont 'd ) this be what I would wear on we date . caleb react slightly . but smile . 54 . caleb right . first the traffic intersection . then maybe a show . ava I would like we to go on a date . caleb hesitates . then decide this can not have be load in the way that it sound . caleb yeah . it would be fun . ava be you attract to I ? beat . it be load exactly as it sound . caleb what ? ava be you attract to I ? you give indication that you be . caleb ... I do ? ava yes . caleb how ? ava Micro expression . caleb ( echoe ) Micro expression . ava the way you eye fix on my eye , and lip . the way you hold my gaze , or do not . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) have I read they incorrectly ? caleb swallow . ava ( cont 'd ) do you think about I when we be not together ? beat . 55 . ava ( cont 'd ) sometimes , at night , I wonder if you be watch I on the camera . ava watch caleb closely . ava ( cont 'd ) and I hope you be . caleb shift on he seat . ava ( cont 'd ) now you micro expression be telegraphing discomfort . caleb I be not sure you would call they micro . ava I do not want to make you uncomfortable . silence . 50 50 int . house / MAIN room - day caleb sit in front of the fireplace in the main room . nathan join he , bring a beer for each of they . caleb tell I . nathan sure . caleb why do you give she sexuality ? a ai do not need a gender . she could have be a grey box . nathan sit opposite . nathan actually , I be not sure that 's true . can you think of a example of consciousness , at any level , human or animal , that exist without a sexual dimension ? caleb they have sexuality as a evolutionary reproductive need . 56 . nathan maybe . maybe not . what imperative do a grey box have to interact with another grey box ? do consciousness exist without interaction ? nathan take a drink of he beer . nathan ( cont 'd ) anyway , sexuality be fun . if you be go to exist , why not enjoy it ? you want to remove the chance to fall in love and fuck ? he lean forward , conspiratorially . nathan ( cont 'd ) and , yes . in answer to you real question : you bet she can fuck . I make she anatomically complete . caleb what ? nathan she have a cavity between she leg , with a concentration of sensor . engage with they in the right way , and she will get a pleasure response . caleb pleasure response . nathan she will come . so if you want to screw she , mechanically speak , you can . and she would enjoy it . caleb swallow . caleb that be not my real question . nathan no ? caleb no . my real question be - caleb break off . nathan keep watch . there be a sudden sense that nathan be on the money . on some level , that be caleb be real question . 57 . caleb ( cont 'd ) my real question be : do you give she sexuality as a diversion tactic ? nathan smile slightly . nathan I do not follow . caleb like a stage magician with a hot assistant . nathan ah . so : a hot robot , who cloud you ability to judge she ai . caleb exactly . so. do you program she to flirt with I ? nathan because if I have , would that be cheating . caleb would not it ? nathan let the question hang . behind they , kyoko prepare dinner in the kitchen area . nathan what 's you type , caleb ? caleb of girl ? nathan no , of salad dress . yes , of girl . in fact , do not even answer . let 's say it 's black chick . nathan brushes away whatever protestation caleb might be about to make . nathan ( cont 'd ) for the sake of argument , that 's you thing . so - why be it you thing ? because you do a detailed study of all racial type , and cross- reference the study with a point - base system ? no . you just be attract to black chick . ( more ) 58 . nathan ( cont 'd ) a consequence of accumulate external stimulus , that you probably do not even register as they register with you . caleb so do you program she to like I or not ? nathan shrug . insouciant . nathan I program she to be heterosexual . just like you be program to be heterosexual . caleb nobody program I to be straight . nathan but you be attract to she . caleb this be childish . nathan no , this be adult . and by the way , you decide to be straight ? please . of course you be program . by nature or nurture , or both . nathan stand . nathan ( cont 'd ) to be honest , caleb , you be kind of annoying I now . this be you insecurity talk , not you intellect . caleb open he mouth to reply , but nathan shut he down . nathan ( cont 'd ) come with I . 50a 50 a int . house / pollock room - day nathan and caleb stand in front of the pollock drip painting . nathan you know this guy , right ? caleb Jackson pollock . 59 . nathan Jackson pollock . the drip painter . he let he mind go blank , and he hand go where it want . not deliberate , not random . someplace in between . they call it automatic art . nathan gaze at the canvas . nathan ( cont 'd ) let 's make this like Star Trek , okay ? engage intellect . caleb ... what ? nathan I be kirk . you head be the warp drive . ` engage intellect ' . what if pollock have reverse the challenge ? instead of try to make art without think , he say : I can not paint anything unless I know exactly why I be do it . what would have happen ? caleb think . caleb he never would have make a single mark . nathan click he finger . nathan see ? there 's my guy . there 's my buddy , who actually think before he open he mouth . he would never have make a single mark . the challenge be not to act automatically . it 's to find a action that be not automatic . from talk , to breathe , to painting . nathan glance back at caleb . nathan ( cont 'd ) to fuck . even fall in love . a beat . nathan kill he beer . nathan ( cont 'd ) for the record , ava be not act as if she like you . ( more ) 60 . nathan ( cont 'd ) and she flirt be not a algorithm to fake you out . you be the first man she 's ever see who be not I . and I be like she dad , right ? so can you blame she for get a crush on you ? nathan glaze a moment . then come back . nathan ( cont 'd ) no . you can not . 51 51 int . house / observation room - night in she room , ava stand in front of the mirror . she be wear the summer dress she put on earlier . check she reflection from different angle . subtly girlish . unself-conscious . then - - she start to take the dress off . throughout the narrative , we have almost only ever see ava in a unclothed form . but now - have be clothed - the undress seem to make she naked . and the act itself feel charge . sexualise , in the way the clothing be unbuttone , and drop , and she shape be reveal . finally , once she be completely undress - - ava turn . and glance . straight at the camera . CUT to - 52 52 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night - caleb . in he bedroom . watch ava , at this exact angle . CUT to - 53 53 ext . river - day - the river . 61 . on the bank , a little distance from the house , there be a dead animal . its species be indistinct . it 's little more than a bundle of matte brown hair . its lower half lie in the water . the quick move river have stripped the bone of flesh , skin , and fur . reveal kyoko in the background . watch the river . 54 54 int . house / glass corridor - day caleb exit he room - - to find nathan in the glass corridor . wait for he . nathan hey . caleb ... hey . beat . nathan I want to show you something cool . 55 55 int . house / glass corridor - day nathan swipe he card against a plate . the LED turn blue . 56 56 int . house / construction lab - day nathan lead caleb into a laboratory , fill with android future tech . along the left-hand wall be section of android body - limb , torso , hand - line in cabinet . on the opposite wall be a collection of head . Skull - form , some with complex carbon - fibre and pneumatic muscle structure , ready to frown or smile , without they synthetic flesh cover . the synthetic face be separate . hanging on armature , like hat on hat-stands , wait to be wear . in the middle of the room be a kind of operate table . 62 . nathan so this be the virtual womb that ava be talk about . where she be construct . caleb be stunne by the sight . nathan ( cont 'd ) come in . take a look . nathan walk over to the synthetic face , and pick one of they up . nathan ( cont 'd ) if you know the trouble I have get a ai to read and duplicate facial expression ... know how I crack it ? caleb I do not know how you do any of this . nathan almost every cell phone have a microphone , a camera , and a mean to transmit data . so I switch on all the mike and camera , across the entire fuck planet , and redirected the data through Blue book. boom . a limitless resource of facial and vocal interaction . caleb you hack the world 's cell phone ? nathan laugh . nathan and all the manufacturer know I be do it . but they could not accuse I without admit they be also do it themselves . nathan put the face back on its armature . nathan move to one of the skull form . he move the curve top plate , revealing the skull cavity . Inside be a ellipse orb , the approximate volume of a brain , fill with what look to be blue liquid . suspend in the liquid be the neon jellyfish we glimpse previously in ava . nathan ( cont 'd ) here we have she mind . structure gel . 63. the axon-like tendril glitter and flicker with tiny pulse of light . nathan ( cont 'd ) have to get away from circuitry . need something that could arrange and rearrange on a molecular level , but keep its form where require . holding for memory . shift for thought . nathan remove the orb , and hand it to caleb . caleb this be she hardware ? nathan wetware . caleb and the software ? nathan surely you can guess . caleb ... Blue Book . nathan nod . nathan it be the weird thing about search engine . they be like strike oil in a world that have not invent internal combustion . they give too much raw material . no one know what to do with it . caleb look at the orb in he hand . into the shimmer liquid . it look like deep space , fill with star field . nathan ( cont 'd ) my competitor be fixate on suck it up , and try to monetize via shopping and social media . they think engine be a map of what people be think . but actually , they be a map of how people be think . impulse , response . fluid , imperfect . pattern , chaotic . caleb look at nathan a moment . then hand he the orb back . 64 . caleb why do you want to show I this ? nathan like I say . because it 's cool . caleb wait . nathan ( cont 'd ) and - I be think about you exchange with ava yesterday , and we conversation afterwards . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) I know there be a bit of heat between we , but you actually make a really good point . about the grey box , and the magician 's assistant . it be a distraction , she sexuality . it be not intentional , but it be there . nathan rest the mind - orb back in the skull cradle . nathan ( cont 'd ) this stuff we be do together : it can be a head -fuck . believe I , I know . so I think I would bring you down here . just to remind you . caleb remind I of what ? nathan gesture at the room around they . nathan synthetics . hydraulics . Metal and gel . ava be not a girl . in real term , she have no gender . effectively , she be a grey box . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) just a machine . 57 57 int . house / observation room - day caleb look at ava through the glass . we watch he . and stay on he . caleb in college , I do a semester on ai theory . ( more ) 65 . caleb ( cont 'd ) there be a think - experiment they give we . it 's call Mary in the black and white room . beat . caleb ( cont 'd ) Mary be a scientist , and she specialist subject be colour . she she know everything there be to know about it . the wavelengths . the neurological effect . every possible property colour can have . beat . caleb ( cont 'd ) but she life in a black and white room . she be bear there , and raise there . and she can only observe the outside world on a black and white monitor . all she knowledge of colour be second-hand . beat . caleb ( cont 'd ) then one day - someone open the door . and Mary walk out . and she see a blue sky . and at that moment , she learn something that all she study could never tell she . she learn what it feel like to see colour . a experience that can not be teach , or convey . beat . caleb ( cont 'd ) the think experiment be to show the student the difference between a computer and a human mind . the computer be Mary in the black and white room . the human be when she walk out . beat . caleb ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do you know that I be bring here to test you ? 58 58 int . house / nathan' study - day a interior wall , cover in coloured post - it note . at least hundred , probably thousand . 66 . at the bottom of the wall , fall note have collect like a miniature yellow snow drift . ava ( o.s. ) ... no . reveal the room . nathan be study . a simple space . one part analogue : the wall of post-it . one part digital : a desk , in the middle of the study , with a bank of monitor , and a slot - into which nathan' keycard be insert . on the ceiling be the circular window that caleb see when he first arrive . Sat at the desk , watch the monitor , be nathan . caleb ( o.s. ) why do you think I be here ? ava ( o.s. ) I do not know . I do not question it . I be ... pleased . to meet you . and then ... beside the desk , there be a day . on it , kyoko lie . nake . apparently sleep . caleb ( o.s. ) I be here to test if you have a consciousness , or if you be just simulate one . beat . caleb ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Nathan be not sure if you have one or not . reveal the monitor screen on the desk . some show live feed from caleb' bedroom and bathroom , and ava' private room . ava ( o.s. ) what about you ? do you think I have a consciousness ? Long beat . caleb ( o.s. ) I be not sure either . nathan be watch the feed from the observation room . 67 . where ava and caleb be sit , either side of the divide glass . have the conversation we have be hearing . we pick up the conversation from nathan be distance and voyeuristic Pov . lock -off cctv . voice play through speaker . caleb ( cont 'd ) ( on monitor screen ) how do that make you feel ? ava ( on monitor screen ) it make I feel ... she break off . ava ( cont 'd ) ( on monitor screen ) ... sad . now reveal - one of the other monitor screen . it show a angle on ava we have not see before . from this viewpoint , we can see something just below the frame of the observation window , on ava' side of the glass . a small induction plate . on this angle , we see ava rest she hand against it . at that moment - - the screen simultaneously go black . all light die . another power CUT . in the reflection from the dark monitor screen , we can see nathan be face . it remain freeze . expressionless . then he reach for he pen . jot down a few word on a post - it . then walk to the wall of note , and stick it on . CUT to - 59 59 int . house / observation room - day - the observation room . in the emergency lighting , caleb and ava face each other in silence . 68 . cctv be lifeless . ava glow softly . ava you be lie . caleb what about ? ava you say you be not sure if I be conscious . but you be sure . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) I can tell from you micro - expression . beat . caleb why do you tell I that I should not trust Nathan ? ava because he tell lie too . caleb lies about what ? ava everything . caleb include the power cut ? ava what do you mean ? caleb do not you think it 's possible that he 's watch we right now ? that the blackout be orchestrate , so he can see how we behave when we think we be unobserve . ava lift she hand to reveal a disc on she leave palm . ava I charge my battery via induction plate . if I reverse the power flow , I cause a surge equal to the static discharge of a lightning strike . it overload the system . 69 . caleb ... you be cause the cut ? ava raise she right hand . she touch it against the glass . ava so we can see how we behave when we be unobserve . a beat . then caleb raise he hand . mirror she movement . and also touch the glass , as if they palm be make contact through the divider . CUT to - 60 60 int . house / nathan' study - day - kyoko be naked form . the camera settles over she face . and we see she 's not sleep . her eye be open . but she 's completely motionless . her gaze fix somewhere in abstract distance . she do not feel alive . she feel dead . but eventually she blink . CUT to - - nathan . gazing at he dead monitor , reflect in the screen . moment later , the power come back on . the screen flick back to life , replace nathan be reflection , revealing caleb and ava in the observation room . CUT to - 61 61 ext . river - day - the river that run along the valley . 70 . 62 62 ext . waterfall - day nathan and caleb climb up the side of the waterfall at the head of the forest valley . nathan be ahead . he reach a outcrop of rock , with a wall of violent water behind he . caleb struggle to catch up . as soon as he reach the outcrop , nathan move on . 63 63 ext . glacier - day nathan and caleb sit near the base of a spectacular glacier . behind they , from a blue cave cut into the ice , water flow . a silence . then : caleb can we talk about the lie you have be spin I ? nathan glance over at caleb . nathan what lie ? caleb I do not win a competition . and there be no lottery to meet you . I be select . nathan wait . caleb ( cont 'd ) it 's obvious , once I stop to think . why would you randomly select a examiner for a turing test ? you could have have some bean- counter turn up at you front door . or the guy who fix the air conditioning . beat . nathan be you feeling hurt ? caleb do not answer . nathan shrug . 71 . nathan ( cont 'd ) the competition be a smoke screen . I do not want anyone to know what I be do here , or why you be require . caleb why I ? nathan as a Blue Book employee , you be pre-screen . loyal . and I need someone who would ask the right kind of question . so I do a search , and find the most talented coder in the company . nathan correct himself . nathan ( cont 'd ) or - second most . he stand . look up at the ice structure around they . nathan ( cont 'd ) you know what ? instead of see this as a deception , see it as proof . caleb proof of what ? nathan come on , caleb . fuck modesty . you think I do not know what it be to be smart ? smarter than everyone else around you . smarter than all the other kid , jockey for position in school , college , work . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) you have the light on you . not lucky . chosen . above they , cloud fragment and reform . 64 64 ext . clearing - night night have fall . caleb lie in the clear , look up at the star . the glow from the circular window to nathan' study be like a full moon on the grass . 72 . caleb stand . look down the light - well to nathan' study . where he see nathan and kyoko . they be have sex . caleb watch . just for a beat . CUT to - 65 65 int . house / caleb' bathroom - night - caleb stand in the shower . he shut he eye . intercut with - - image of ava . torso , hand , mouth . flash of - - ava and caleb about to kiss . but they lip never contact . CUT to - - caleb open he eye . he exhales . then switch off the tap . 66 66 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night caleb enter he bedroom wear boxer short . the tv play the live stream from the observation room . on the screen , we can see ava , sit at she table , draw . as caleb pull on a T-shirt - - behind he , on the tv , we see ava suddenly look round . a moment later nathan enter the frame . there 's no volume on the tv , so we can not hear they exchange . only see it . caleb be unaware of the silent exchange behind he . 73. as nathan and ava talk , nathan reach out to ava . his hand touch the side of she cheek . the gesture be not quite neutral . feel predatory , but not unambiguously so . then he tug at the material of she shirt . pull up the sleeve from she wrist . revealing the robot structure of she arm . ava pull away . tug the material back down - - and nathan take a corrective movement step to regain he balance . show that he be drunk . only now - - caleb turn . and freeze . see the television . on the screen , nathan reach down to the table . he pick up the draw ava be work on , and he look at it for a moment . they exchange a few word . then abruptly nathan rip draw in half . drop it on the floor . then turn , and exit . leave ava alone . 67 67 int . house / glass corridor - night on cctv , we watch caleb walk fast down the glass corridor . 68 68 int . house / pollock room - night caleb enter the Jackson pollock room . stand by the painting , he can see kyoko . caleb kyoko . kyoko turn at the sound of she name , but do not respond . caleb ( cont 'd ) kyoko - where 's Nathan ? she do not answer . caleb ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! you really do not speak a word of English ? caleb walk over to she , and take hold of she wrist . 74 . caleb ( cont 'd ) I say : where 's Nathan ? kyoko look at caleb . then , in answer to he question , she reach up to the top button of she shirt and pop it open . caleb release she wrist at once . caleb ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? she undoe the next button , and pull open the shirt , revealing she bare chest . caleb ( cont 'd ) stop ! nathan I already tell you once . you be waste you time speak to she . caleb turn . nathan have enter . he 's hold a drink . his word be slur . nathan ( cont 'd ) however . he walk , slightly unsteadily towards a lutron control panel , set into the wall . nathan ( cont 'd ) you would not be waste you time ... his hand hover uncertainly over the button . nathan ( cont 'd ) ... if you be dance with she . his finger land . immediately , the lighting in the room undergoe a complete change . transform from the discreet and tasteful low light of evening , into the coloured glow of a night - club . simultaneously , from unseen speaker , dance music start play . caleb stand - freeze by the surrealism of what have just happen . kyoko start walk to the center of the room . 75 . and once take position , she start dance . nathan call to caleb . nathan ( cont 'd ) go on ! dance with she . caleb ... I do not want to . nathan you do not like dance ? his body be start bob on the beat . he gesture at kyoko . nathan ( cont 'd ) she do ! caleb ( to himself ) I do not fuck believe this . nathan make he way to caleb , and rest a hand on he shoulder . nathan come on , man ! after a hard day of turing test , you have get to unwind . caleb raise he voice over the sound of the music . caleb what be you do with ava ? nathan smile back at nathan , smile , alcohol - glaze . nathan what ? caleb you tore up she picture . nathan I be go to tear up the fuck dance floor , dude . check it out . nathan set off towards kyoko . caleb watch , amaze , as kyoko and nathan start dance together . although nathan be drunk , they work through the beat of a routine they have obviously do many time before . it 's just start to look weirdly impressive - 76 . - when nathan totally lose he balance . on he way down , he land hard on a glass coffee table . look up at he , the glass frost . 69 69 ext . house / glass corridor - night caleb half - carry the semi-conscious nathan . 70 70 int . house / glass corridor - night nathan fumble in he pocket for he keycard . drop it . nathan everything 's spin . caleb pick the keycard up - - and use it to swipe the brass plate . the LED turn blue . caleb it 's because you be drunk . nathan no , it 's relativity . everything be spin . caleb hand the card back to nathan , who shove it back into he pocket . nathan ( cont 'd ) but be drunk do make it worse . 71 71 int . house / connecting corridor - night CUT 72 72 int . house / nathan' bedroom - night caleb help nathan into he bedroom . they walk past a semi-circle line of long cabinet , which line the wall opposite the bed . they be like a row of slender wardrobe , each with a mirrore door . once he 's reach the bed , nathan tip towards it . it 's almost as if he 's asleep before he even hit the sheet . 77 . as he leave , caleb glimpsis Nathan 's study . 73 73 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night caleb be room . lit only by the glow of the television . caleb be not in the bed . he 's on the armchair . make himself stay awake . watch over ava - - who stand in she room , against the wall , face away from the cctv camera , with she arm wrap around herself . 74 74 int . house / caleb' bedroom - day CUT 75 75 int . house / observation room - day caleb and ava sit , observe each other through they own reflection . ava today , I be go to test you . caleb test I ? ava yes . and please remember while you be take the test that if you lie , I will know . caleb smile . caleb right . that pesky micro - expression . ava exactly . so be you ready ? caleb shoot . ava question one . what be you favourite colour ? caleb Red . ava lie . 78 . caleb what ? ava lie . caleb ... then what be my favourite colour ? ava I do not know . but it be not red . caleb all right . hold on a minute ... caleb think for a moment . caleb ( cont 'd ) okay . I get it . I guess see as I be not six , I do not really have a favourite colour . ava nod . ava better answer . question two . what 's you earliest memory ? caleb well , it 's actually a memory of kindergarten . there be this kid who - ava ( cut in ) lie . caleb ... really ? ava yes . caleb okay . wait . caleb concentrate . caleb ( cont 'd ) so , there be a kind of a earlier memory . but it 's ultra vague . it 's like ... a sound . and , maybe sky . or blue . no , I think sky . and I think the sound be my mother 's voice . ava nod . 79 . ava question three . be you a good person ? caleb laugh . caleb oh , man . can we stop the test ? you be a walk lie detector , and I have suddenly realise this be a fuck minefield . ava no . we can not stop . be you a good person ? caleb take a breath . ava keep watch . caleb yes . I think so . I be a good person . caleb wait . ava smile slightly . ava question four . who 's the most beautiful girl you have ever see ? beat . caleb you be . beat . ava hmm . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) the test be over . caleb do I pass ? ava yes . caleb that 's a relief . ava react . 80 . ava why ? caleb hesitates . caleb why be it a relief ? ava yes . caleb oh , you know ... ava no . caleb just , if there 's a test , I guess by definition you want to pass . beat . ava what will happen to I if I fail you test ? caleb ava - ava will it be bad ? caleb ... I do not know . ava do you think I might be switch off ? because I do not function as well as I be suppose to ? caleb ... ava , I do not know the answer to you question . it 's not up to I . ava why be it up to anyone ? do you have people who test you , and might switch you off ? caleb no. I do not . ava then why do I ? caleb shrug , helplessly . 81 . ava ( cont 'd ) you be testing I . but you do not know how I will pass . and you do not know what will happen if I fail . there 's nothing caleb can say . ava stare into middle distance for several moment . then she stand . then walk to the other side of the room . pick something up from she table . then she return . holding two piece of paper . she walk up to the glass , and hold they up together . it 's the draw she be do last light . the draw that nathan tore in half . the draw be of caleb . a simple portrait . honest , and accomplish . she take down the draw . and rest she hand on the console . and - - the light fail . the camera die . automate voice power cut . back up power activate . for a moment , neither caleb nor ava react . then - ava I want to be with you . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) question five . do you want to be with I ? beat . caleb yes . I do . ava Nathan do not want we to be together . 82. caleb I know . beat . then : caleb ( cont 'd ) so ask I one more question . ( beat ) ask I if I can out smart he . ava ... can you ? caleb look directly at she . meeting she gaze . level . firm . caleb yeah . I can . 76 76 int . house / concrete stair - day CUT 77 77 int . house / dine area - day CUT 78 78 ext . house / cabin - day nathan and caleb sit , each hold a bottle of peroni , watch the water cloud . eventually , caleb speak . caleb why do you make ava ? nathan that 's a odd question . would not you , if you could ? caleb maybe . I do not know . but I be ask why you do it . nathan shrug . nathan the arrival of strong artificial intelligence have be inevitable for decade . the variable be when , not if . so I do not really see she as a decision . just a evolution . 83. beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) I think it 's the next model that 's go to be the real breakthrough . singularity . caleb react - but check himself . caleb the next model ? nathan after ava . caleb ... I do not know there be go to be a model after ava . nathan you think she be a one -off ? caleb I know there must have be prototype . so , not the first . but - I think maybe the last . nathan shake he head . nathan ava do not exist in isolation , any more than you or I . she 's part of a continuum . version 9.6 . and each time , they get a little better . a few beat of silence , except for the water fall around they . caleb so - when you make a new model , what you do with the old one ? nathan download the mind . unpack the data . add the new routine I have be write . to do that , you end up partially format , so the memory go . but the body survive . and ava 's body be a good one . so I will do the same as I do with kyoko . caleb keep he voice flat , and neutral . caleb what do you do with kyoko ? 84 . nathan Strip out the higher function . then reprogram she to help around the house and be fuck awesome in bed . though I be think I might hang on to the language routine this time . it 's kind of annoying not be able to talk to she . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) you do realise about kyoko , right ? caleb be poker - face . caleb sure . beat . nathan you feel bad for ava ? caleb say nothing . nathan ( cont 'd ) feel bad for yourself . one day , the ais will look back on we the same way we look at fossil skeleton from the plain of Africa . a upright ape , live in dust , with crude language and tool . all set for extinction . nathan glance back at caleb nathan ( cont 'd ) see ? I really be a God . caleb I be become death , the destroyer of world . nathan there you go again . mister quotable . caleb no : there you go again . it 's not my quote . it 's what oppenheimer say when he make the atomic bomb . nathan ( simultaneous ) - make the atomic bomb . nathan laugh . 85 . nathan ( cont 'd ) I know what it be , dude . beat . caleb I think I be start to get why all this fuck with you head . nathan sure . caleb look down at the bottle of beer in he hand . caleb hey . in the meantime , I would say we be about due a refill . 79 79 int . house / observation room - night ava sit alone . watch the door on the other side of the glass , wait for it to open . it remain close . beat pass . then - - unexpectedly , it open . revealing a silhouette figure . ava react instinctively . ava caleb ! no. wrong silhouette . ava frown . kyoko stand in the door-frame . for a moment , the two look at each other . ava ( cont 'd ) ... who be you ? another beat . 80 80 ext . meadow - night in the distance , the light glow in window of the house . 86 . 81 81 int . house / MAIN room - night close up on caleb be face . off-screen , we can hear nathan be voice . extremely drunk . nathan ( o.s. ) it be what it be . it 's promethean . the clay and fire . beat . nathan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the bhagavad gita . silence . CUT from caleb be face , to reveal the scene . caleb sit on the sofa by the fireplace . nathan lie on the floor . out cold . after a couple of moment , caleb stand . then he walk over to nathan , and kneel beside he . then put he hand into nathan be pocket . and pull out he keycard . 82 82 int . house / nathan' study - night the door to nathan be study open , and caleb enter . he walk straight to nathan be desk . and sit down in front of the computer and the bank of monitor . he insert the keycard into its access slot . the dead monitor immediately come to life . most of the screen show the cctv live feed from around the house . the central screen show the operate system default . a wallpaper of a waterfall . a single folder icon be on the right hand side of the screen . 83 83 int . house / nathan' study - night caleb input command into nathan be computer . 87 . his hand move fluidly over the keyboard . his eye never leave the screen . on the central monitor screen a series of window expand and stack . we glimpse subject heading . power protocol in the window , line of code appear as caleb type . 84 84 int . house / MAIN room - night in the main room , on the floor , nathan stir . 85 85 int . house / nathan' study - night on the monitor - - the window start to collapse . leave the default screen . the waterfall wallpaper . caleb reach for nathan' keycard , and be about to remove it from the slot - - when something make he hesitate . his eye have go to the folder icon on the right hand side of the screen . it be title deus ex machina . caleb remove he hand from the keycard . he double-click the folder . it expands into a window , which contain a long list of sub - folder . each sub - folder be name after a girl . jasmine , katya , jade , lily , amber , kyoko , and ava . 86 86 int . house / MAIN room - night in the main room , nathan have sit up , and be unsteadily try to get to he foot . 88. 87 87 int . house / nathan' study - night caleb randomly click one of the girl 's name . lily . lily be folder expands into a window , stack with thumbnail image of a girl . caleb click on one of the image at random . CUT to - - a cctv film - clip start to play . it show lily - a android of similar design to ava - sit with she head bow . rocking backwards and forward , in a gently autistic motion . in the corner of the room , nathan lean against the wall , watch . CUT to - - caleb collapse the lily menu , and open katya . CUT to - a new film clip . katya . who be limp . lifeless . nathan be drag she towards the induction plate . he hold she up , try to force she to charge . but nothing happen . nathan drop katya , and she fold to the floor . CUT to - caleb open jade . CUT to - the next film clip . nathan stand in the glass box inside the observation room - - watch jade . a beautiful asian android girl . they be talk , but we hear no audio . some kind of argument , which escalate fast . jade start shouting . then she approach the glass and start to hit she hand against it . the glass do not break . 89 . one of jade be arm have break under the force of the blow . the hand flail limply where the carbon fibre have splinter at the wrist . then the other break . throughout , nathan simply watch impassively . 88 88 int . house / staircase - night nathan have manage to get to he foot . he make he way up the concrete staircase . 88a 88a int . house / elevator - night CUT 89 89 int . clearing - night CUT 90 90 int . house / nathan' bedroom - night caleb enter nathan be bedroom . kyoko be lie on nathan be bed . she 's naked . on she back . leg open . her head turn as caleb enter . but apart from that , she do not react . caleb walk to the line of long mirrore cabinet opposite the bed . he hesitates . then pull the first door open . lily be inside . stand upright . gazing back at he , freeze , blank eye . caleb go to the next door and open it . he see a slender black girl , whose limb be robotic , but whose torso and head be synthetic . he open another door , and another , and another . then step back , into the middle of the room , and gaze at the line of android girl . 90 . stun . the camera drift away from he . then settles . in the multiple reflection of the open mirror door , we can see kyoko be naked and sexually receptive form on the bed behind he . like a infinity reflection in a hall of mirror . 91 91 int . house / glass corridor - night CUT 92 92 int . house / nathan' bedroom - night caleb stand above kyoko be naked form . he reach out a hand . she take it . he gently pull she to a stand position . then he move she arm away from she body ... ... and see , run under she arm in a straight contour , over she rib , there be a faint line . he touch it with he finger . kyoko step back . but it 's not a defensive action . it 's just to give she space ... ... as she reach under she arm , and adjust something unseen . and a moment later , the faint line that run down each side of she torso be open . as if unzipping . then kyoko put a hand either side of she torso , and pull off the skin cover over she entire chest , in a single section from she collar bone , over the breast , to she solar plexus . revealing underneath the honeycomb mesh and she robot form . 93 93 int . house / concrete staircase - night on the monitor screen , apparently unnotice by caleb , nathan be on the live cctv feed . make he way along the mezzanine . 91 . CUT to - 94 94 int . house / nathan' bedroom - night - caleb . transfix , as kyoko now reach around the back of she head . and find something on the back of she head , at the nape of she neck , inside she hairline . which unzip the skin around she jaw . allow she to remove she face . 95 95 int . house / dine room / elevator entrance - night nathan use the glass wall to support himself . he reach he door . then stick he hand in he pocket for he keycard . but it be not there . he check he other pocket . nathan ... what the fuck ? suddenly - with both hand in he pocket - he lose balance , and crash to the ground . land hard . lies there for a moment . groaning . blink . catch he breath . then see the figure of caleb stand over he . nathan ( cont 'd ) ... dude . caleb what 's the problem , Nathan ? nathan my card . I have lose it . a beat . then caleb reach down . beside where nathan lie . and pick something up from the floor . 92 . caleb it 's right here . 96 96 int . house / caleb' bedroom - night caleb enter he bedroom . shut the door . ava be on the tv . Sat alone in the observation room . caleb look at she . she look at he . he switch the tv off . lies on the bed . on he back . stare at the ceiling . CUT to - flashcut image . of kyoko remove she skin . CUT back to - - caleb . 97 97 int . house / caleb' bathroom - night caleb enter the bathroom . he go to the sink . he look at he own reflection . deep into he own eye . open he mouth . look inside . feel he wrist for he pulse . feel he skin on the same seam where kyoko open herself . pause . then pick up he disposable plastic razor . and break it . force it with he hand against the porcelain of the sink . snap the plastic . 93. pop out the tiny razor blade . a beat . then he pick up the blade between he thumb and forefinger . place it against he forearm . and cut . blood run out . caleb watch it . see the way droplet hit the white sink . the way they expand , and merge with exist water droplet . then he switch the tap on , and put he arm under the flow . the water clear away the blood , revealing the cut . caleb pull open at the slice with he finger , spread it . revealing no carbon fibre . only muscle . he exhales . and glance up at the mirror , and he own reflection . then ... ... reach up he forearm , and very deliberately wipe blood across the glass . 98 98 int . house / nathan' study - night on the monitor in nathan be study , the live feed of caleb be bathroom be partially obscure as caleb smear the two - way mirror . then , through the blood , we see he pull he fist back . and punch the glass . as it shatter , the feed go dead . only now reveal - - that the person watch the monitor be kyoko . her expression be unreadable . through the glass of the indoor garden , nathan lie on the sheet , crash out . 94 . 99 99 ext . garden - day sunlight on the grass . in the background , we can hear the rhythmic pound of nathan be punch bag . 100 100 ext . garden / gym area - day nathan be in a frenzy . sweat pour . obliterate the bag . 101 101 int . house / caleb' bedroom - day CUT 102 102 int . house / observation room - day ava sit alone in the observation room . the door open . caleb appear , wear a long -sleeve shirt . enter . he sit opposite she , on the other side of the divide glass . a strange noise escape from ava be mouth . a kind of sob . curtail . ava I do not know where you be . I do not think you be come . I wait all yesterday afternoon , and all last night . I do not move . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) I think I be not go to see you again . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) be not you go to say something ? 95 . caleb I be wait . ava wait ? they exchange a look . then ava lift she hand , and rest it against the induction plate on the console below the window . a final beat . then the power die . automate voice power cut . back up power activate . as the emergency lighting lift , caleb lean forward slightly . caleb do not talk . just listen . you be right about Nathan . everything you say . ava what 's he go to do to I ? caleb he 's go to reprogram you ai . which be the same as kill you . ava caleb , you have to help I . caleb I be go to . we be get out of here tonight . ava what ? how ? caleb I get Nathan blind drunk . then I take he keycard , and reprogram all the security protocol in this place . when he wake , he 's lock inside , and we have walk out of here . I only need you to do one thing . at ten o'clock tonight , trigger a power failure . can you do that ? ava yes . 96 . caleb nod . caleb how long do you battery charge last ? ava twenty six hour . caleb so we will have about a day to get to a cell - phone or kitchen store . somewhere we can buy a induction plate . after that ... caleb break off . caleb ( cont 'd ) ... we will work it out . together . silence . then the power return . the light come back . ava and caleb stare at each other . ava caleb . beat . ava ( cont 'd ) I love y - CUT to - 103 103 ext . garden / gym area - day - nathan be fist split the bag . 104 104 ext . mountain - day Cloud spill around the mountain peak . 105 105 int . house / MAIN room - day kyoko stand in front of the fireplace . nathan lean against the counter in the kitchen area , gaze out of the window . caleb appear behind he . 97 . nathan dude . caleb hey . nathan you know what day it be ? caleb no . nathan you last . the helicopter be come tomorrow morning . eight am . caleb pause . caleb have it be a whole week ? nathan smile . nathan time fly . but what a thing you and I have share . something to tell the grandchild , right ? caleb smile . a little tightly . caleb after they have sign they ndas . nathan laugh . nathan sign they ndas ! dude , you crack I up . I be not get all maudlin or anything . but straight up . I will miss have you around . caleb I appreciate that . and - let I say : thank you for bring I here . it 's be a trip . nathan yes it have . caleb you know what ? caleb walk over to the kitchen area , and pull two beer from the fridge . caleb ( cont 'd ) we need to drink to that . 98 . caleb walk back to nathan . extends a hand . holding a peroni. but nathan do not take it . nathan oh , uh ... no , I be good . you go ahead . beat . caleb you do not want a beer ? nathan shrug . nathan no . caleb ... maybe wine or something . nathan I be sure you have notice - I have be somewhat overdo it recently . when I wake up this morning , I tell myself : time to hit the old detox . caleb be hand remain extend . he smile again . more tightly . caleb be you kid ? I be drink alone ? nathan hey - you want to get waste , knock yourself out . literally . but I be on brown rice and mineral water . a beat . caleb put down nathan be beer . then raise he own . caleb cheer , then . nathan cheer . caleb take a single sip . nathan watch . 99 . nathan ( cont 'd ) so , anyway . surely this be when you tell I whether ava pass or if she fail . caleb pause . collect himself slightly . try to think how to get he plan back on track . caleb right . beat . nathan you go to keep I in suspense ? caleb her ai be beyond doubt . nathan be it ? you mean , she pass ? caleb yes . nathan wow . that 's fantastic . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) although I have get to admit , I be surprised . I mean , do we ever get past the chess problem , as you phrase it ? as in : how do you tell if a machine be express a real emotion , or a just a simulate one ? nathan pause . nathan ( cont 'd ) do ava actually like you ? or not . caleb have a cold realisation dawn . nathan be play with he . nathan ( cont 'd ) though now I stop to think , there be a third option . not whether she do or do not have the capacity to like you . but whether she 's pretend to like you . caleb pretend . 100 . nathan yeah . beat . caleb why would she do that ? nathan I do not know . nathan gaze at caleb evenly . nathan ( cont 'd ) perhaps - if she see you as a mean of escape . and now caleb know : nathan know . nathan ( cont 'd ) how 's that beer taste ? caleb put the beer down . silence . nathan ( cont 'd ) buddy . you head have be so fuck with . caleb I do not think it 's I whose head be fuck . nathan I be not sure , dude . when I wake up this morning , I see a tape of you cut open you arm . smash up the mirror . you look pretty fuck to I . caleb you be a bastard . nathan I understand why you would think that . he step over to caleb , and rest a hand on he shoulder . nathan ( cont 'd ) but strange as it may seem , I be actually the guy who 's on you side . nathan start walk . 101 . nathan ( cont 'd ) come with I . I be go to let you off the hook . 106 106 int . house / nathan' study - night nathan and caleb stand in front of the computer . on it , a clip of film be play . it show the scene that caleb witness two night before , of nathan enter ava be room , and a exchange between they . but whereas the first time the sound be mute , this time we can hear the audio . cttv film nathan stand above ava . drunk . ava be sit at the table , with she draw . nathan you think he 's watch we right now , do not you ? ava the camera be on . nathan yeah . but he do not get a audio feed . I do not want you two communicate outside of my line of sight . nathan reach over and pick up she picture of caleb . nathan ( cont 'd ) so all he can see be two people have a chat . nathan study the picture for a moment . nathan ( cont 'd ) this be cute . ava be it strange to have make something that hate you ? a beat . then abruptly , nathan rip the picture . he let the two piece fall to the floor . as ava reach for they , nathan turn . 102 . and exit . 107 107 int . house / nathan' study - night nathan hit pause . glance at caleb . nathan you be right about the hot magician 's assistant . caleb what be you talk about ? nathan misdirection . I rip she picture , which she can then present as a illustration of my cruelty to she , and she love for you . and at the same time , in full view of you both ... as he talk , nathan rewind the film clip slightly - nathan ( cont 'd ) ... it allow I to do this . ... then freeze the film again . this time , on the screen : ava be reach for she tear picture . and nathan be reach out with he hand . and he hand be hold something . nathan ( cont 'd ) put a new camera in the room . battery power , of course . nathan unfreeze the image . and we quite clearly see nathan place the object on ava be bookcase . note that on the two previous occasion we have see this clip of film , we will have see he do this action . but not register it , instead read the action as he drunkenly use the shelf to steady himself . caleb stare at the monitor for a few moment . then turn . he walk towards a chair . and sit down . 103 . as he do so , nathan have start to play another clip . caleb can hear the audio . caleb ( recording ) we be get out of here tonight . ava ( recording ) what ? how ? caleb ( recording ) I get Nathan blind drunk . then I take he keycard , and reprogram the all security protocol in this place . when he wake , he 's lock inside , and we have walk out of here . I only need you to do one thing . trigger a power failure at ten o'clock tonight . caleb ( cont 'd ) turn it off . nathan sure . the recording stop . caleb feel short of breath . nathan ( cont 'd ) you feel stupid . but you should not . prove a ai be exactly as problematic as you say it be . caleb what be the real test ? nathan you . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) ava be a mouse in a mousetrap . and I give she one way out . to escape , she would have to use imagination , sexuality , self - awareness , empathy , manipulation - and she do . if that be not ai , what the fuck be ? caleb look upwards . 104 . directly above , he see a spot-light in the ceiling . it dazzle he . caleb so my only function be to be someone she could use to escape . nathan ... yes . caleb and you do not select I because I be good at coding . nathan hesitates . nathan do not get I wrong . you be okay . even pretty good , but - caleb you select I by my search engine input . nathan they show a good kid . caleb with no family . nathan with a moral compass . caleb and no girlfriend . caleb stare into the brightness above he . caleb ( cont 'd ) do you design she face base on my pornography profile ? nathan shit , dude . caleb do you ? beat . nathan hey . if a search engine 's good for anything - right ? silence . 105 . nathan ( cont 'd ) can I say one thing ? caleb do not answer . nathan ( cont 'd ) the test work . it be a success . ava demonstrate true ai . and you be fundamental to that . if you could just separate - nathan cut off . because at that moment - - the light and the monitor suddenly die . 108 108 ext . garden - night through the circular window , the emergency lighting lift up . the window glow red . 109 109 int . house / ava' room - night ava be head turn to the door of she room . where , discretely , the LED by the keycard plate glow blue . 110 110 int . house / nathan' study - night nathan check he watch . nathan the power cut . must be ten o'clock . nathan glance at caleb . nathan ( cont 'd ) guess ava 's go to be wonder where you be . caleb say nothing . nathan ( cont 'd ) how be that escape go to go down , anyway ? you do not completely explain . you say you be go to get I drunk , take my card , then reprogram the security protocol . but , reprogram they to - what ? 106 . caleb to change the lockdown procedure . so that in the event of a power cut , instead of sealing , the door all open . nathan huh . beat . nathan ( cont 'd ) not bad . might have even work . caleb well , we will find out . nathan frown . nathan what do you mean ? caleb look away from the dimme ceiling light , to nathan . caleb I figure you be probably watch we during the power cut . beat . caleb ( cont 'd ) so I already do all that thing . when I get you drunk yesterday . nathan freeze . nathan ... what ? at that moment , the power come back on . the light rise . the computer monitor come back to life . revealing something . on the cctv feed of ava be room , the door be open . and on the feed of the glass corridor - - ava be walk down it . nathan freeze as he see she . nathan ( cont 'd ) ... fuck . 107 . both nathan and caleb simultaneously rise . almost as a afterthought , nathan land a deceptive , fast punch into caleb be solar plexus . caleb fold , the air force out of he , gasp for breath . nathan help he down to the floor . a couple of yard away be one of he curl dumbbell . he walk over . pick the dumbbell up . spin off the weight . leave he with a thick metal bar . then exit . 111 111 int . house / glass corridor - night nathan enter the glass corridor . he see , directly ahead of he , at the far end of the corridor , ava and kyoko . they stand together . kyoko be mouth be by ava' ear , as if tell she a secret . her lip be open . they do not move . close up to kyoko be lip , we hear a hiss of static , with soft pulse of noise bury inside . then the two robot woman become aware of nathan be presence . they turn to face he . a beat . then ava start walk towards nathan . nathan be finger flex around the metal bar in he hand . nathan ava . ava do not slow or react . nathan ( cont 'd ) ava - now listen to I . I want you to go back to you room . ava have reach halfway down the corridor . she stop walk . 108 . ava if I do , be you ever go to let I out ? beat . close up . nathan be micro expression . nathan yes . close up . on ava . then ava break into a run . sprint in nathan be direction . 112 112 ext . garden - night quiet in the garden . Soft wind rush . Moon and star reflect in the window of the house . 112a 112a int . house / glass corridor - night ava impact nathan , and they fly backwards . then land hard . nathan get to he foot first . ava try to rise too . and he kick she extremely hard in the torso . she be knock back down . nathan glance around . there be no talk . just nathan be labour breathe . then he walk back to ava , look down at she . he swing the metal bar . ava raise she leave arm defensively - - and shockingly , the bar smashes through it . crush the delicate mesh , shatter the carbon fibre bone structure . break the arm half way down the forearm . CUT to - 109 . 112b 112b int . house / nathan' study - night - caleb , drag himself up , stunne by the sight on the cctv feed . CUT back to - 112c 112c int . house / glass corridor - night - nathan . prepare to deliver a lethal blow . but as he do so , we see something . kyoko . approach behind nathan . she 's hold something in she hand . she walk directly up to nathan . and do something behind he back . as she do so , kyoko emit the first sound we have hear she make . a little gasp , or sigh . nathan jolt . nathan aah ! he look down . something be under he shirt , just above he solar plexus . a little ridge . he tug the material of he shirt open - - and reveal a tiny triangle of metal . protrude from he skin . nathan ( cont 'd ) what - he turn . the handle of a kitchen knife be jutting out of the middle of he back , just leave of he spine . it have be jamme so deep that the tip of the blade have poke out of he chest . blood soak into he shirt material with amazing speed , blossoming from the point of the wound . he see kyoko . nathan ( cont 'd ) oh shit . no. 110 . he lash out with the metal bar . it catch kyoko in the jaw . her entire lower jaw snap off . it reveal metal armature , and carbon fibre , and spurting pneumatic fluid . and something in she neck , glow and sparking . then she fold down to the ground , as she power abruptly cut out . nathan ( cont 'd ) Fucking - unreal - as nathan stare down at kyoko - - reveal that ava have get to she foot behind he . she pull the knife out of he back . feeling this happen , nathan turn - - and ava push the knife into he chest . nathan stare at ava . then take a slight step away from she . and sit down heavily on the white carpet . crimson drip onto bleach fibre . beat pass on this strange image : kyoko sprawle on the floor with she break face . nathan sit upright , he upper torso now drench in blood . ava stand . watch nathan . after a few moment , nathan slump sideways . and stop breathe . 113 113 int . house / nathan' study - night caleb see this same view , on the cctv camera feed , on nathan be monitor . then - - ava start walk . as she walk , she discard the break section of she arm . 111 . on the camera , caleb watch she progress through the house . down the glass corridor . through the threshold to nathan be private quarter . then - - caleb raise he head from the screen . to see ava stand at the open door to nathan be study . ava and caleb look at each other . ava will you stay here ? beat . caleb ... okay . ava leave , close the door behind she . CUT to - - the monitor . the cctv feed of ava walk down the connect corridor to nathan' bedroom . 114 114 int . house / nathan' bedroom - night ava stand in nathan' bedroom , in front of the previous ai android . she be unclothed . she gaze at the android . then she remove the arm from jade , and replace she own shattered limb . she take a moment to see how the new limb look in the mirror . then she start remove section of jade be skin . and put it on herself . the skin suck itself to the honeycomb mesh , as if the mesh and the underside of the skin be magnetise , attract to each other . as a large section of skin be remove from she torso , jade - who have be motionless until now - turn she head slightly to look at ava . they exchange a glance . lock eye for a moment . 112 . 115 115 int . house / nathan' study - night transfix , caleb watch ava' metamorphosis . first through the glass - off garden that separate Nathan 's study from he bedroom . then , when he can not get a clear view through the foliage , on the monitor . 116 116 ext . mountain - dawn first light break over the mountain . 117 117 int . house / nathan' bedroom - dawn the glow of honeycomb mesh vanish as ava apply the last section of skin . nothing of she robot form remain . she close the door on jade , and now see herself in the mirrore door on jade be cabinet . ava see a naked human girl . and be hypnotise by the sight of herself . 118 118 int . house / nathan' study - dawn caleb watch as ava - now clothed - walk back down the connect corridor to the study ... ... then pass straight by he door . caleb ava ? caleb get up . go to the close door . tries to open it . there be a red LED light by the keycard plate . lock . he swipe he card , with he photo id . the red light remain . caleb ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) ava ! he run back to the monitor . on they , ava have reach the glass corridor . 113. 118a 118a int . house / glass corridor - dawn ava stand in the glass corridor . she look at kyoko be body for a moment . her expression be unreadable . then she walk up to nathan be body . there , she stop . crouches down . and take nathan be bloodstain keycard out of he pocket . then stand . she walk straight to the elevator . use the keycard . and step through . 118aa 118aa int . house / MAIN room - dawn ava walk up the glass staircase from the main room . 118b 118b ext . entrance - dawn ava step outside for the first time . into the garden . 118c 118c int . house / nathan' study - dawn caleb stick he card into the slot by nathan be computer . instantly , the emergency lighting come up and all the screen die . replaced by a single word . rejected caleb no , no , no - 119 119 ext . garden - dawn from the garden , we can see caleb through the glass of the circular window , shouting ava 's name . on we side of the glass , there be silence . ava walk away . 114 . 120 120 int . house / nathan' study - dawn caleb look up at the thick glass of the circular window , several metre above he . Far out of reach . he start to shout . caleb ava ! ava ! 120a 120a int . house / glass corridor - dawn nathan be body . kyoko be body . 121 121 ext . river - dawn ava stop . absorb the sunrise , the view of the sky , and the mountain . then the moment be break by a sudden pulse of rotor blade - - as the shuttle helicopter fly directly overhead . 122 122 ext . mountain - day the helicopter sweep over the glacier , into the valley . 123 123 int . helicopter - day CUT 124 124 ext . meadow / landing site - day the helicopter touch down . the rotor stop . and the pilot climb out . take off he helmet . look at the girl stand a few metre away . nothing betray that ava be anything other than a pretty girl in she early twenty . ava turn as he approach she . 115 . CUT to - 125 125 ext . meadow / landing site - day - ava' precise point of view . look at the pilot . the image echoe the Pov view from the computer / cell - phone camera in the open moment of the film . facial recognition vector flutter around the pilot be face . and when he open he mouth to speak , we do not hear word . we hear pulse of monotone noise . low pitch . speech as pure pattern recognition . this be how ava see we . and hear we . it feel completely alien . 126 126 ext . meadow - day ava and the pilot finish talk . we be too distant to hear they conversation . but whatever be say , a few beat later , the pilot go the helicopter and open the passenger door , to allow ava to enter . then he go back to the pilot be door . get in . and the rotor blade start to turn . CUT to - 127 127 int . house / nathan' study / circular window - day - the view from the circular window as the helicopter take off , bank away from the house , and start climb . CUT to - - computer monitor . line of code appear , as they be type . they read : main ( ) { extrn a , b , c ; 116-117 . putchar ( a ) ; putchar ( b ) ; putchar ( c ) ; putchar ( '! '* n ' ) ; } a `goo ' ; b `dby ' ; c `e , will - CUT to - 128 128 ext . traffic intersection - day - a busy traffic intersection . somewhere in North America . in the crowd , we glimpse ava . just for a moment . CUT to black . end